
INTO THE FIRE
A VIGILANTE JUSTICE NOVEL
BOOK ONE

By: F.J. GALE
Edited, Produced, and Published by Writers Edge Publishing
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
 2014 by F J Gale.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.
All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles.
Christopher Reeve
CHAPTER 1
Jim Benson gripped the dashboard for dear life, his calloused hands fighting to maintain their hold as the car made another stomach-churning, sharp turn through the winding streets of the city.
Slow the hell down, Adam! This isnt a frigging military op!
You knew what to expect when you got into my car, Adam said with a smirk.
Could he really help it if his charcoal gray Charger demanded to be driven a little recklessly once in a while?
It may be bulletproof, but its not a frigging tank, and unless you want the insides of my stomach all over the seats, gear down.
Commander Adam Reede of the Civilian Security Agency (CSA) compromised and dropped to fourth gear. The car coasted around the next turn. A few seconds later, he dropped to third gear. Relieved, Jim released his grip on the dashboard and relaxed back into his seat.
Feel better? Adam asked.
Much.
Adam glanced at his old friend and mentor. Jim sensed his glance instantly.
Keep your eyes on the road, for Gods sake.
Adam chuckled. Jim was a classic backseat driver, especially when Adam was driving. His reputation had haunted him ever since the two of them had started working together nine long years ago. It had seemed like a lifetime.
Come on, we both know my driving has saved both our asses more than once.
Jim raised his eyebrows but made no response. A smile crept across his lips.
Right? Adam pushed, glancing back and forth between Jim and the road.
Yes, yes. I recall a couple of instances. That said, youre just driving me to the train station. Theres no need for evasive driving.
Jim, youre marked, dont forget.
Were on the way to pick up my daughter, Jim said, changing the subject.
Jim, come on. We need to discuss it.
What is there to discuss? Theres a hit. We have everything in place, should they succeed. Youre ready. The CSA is ready.
Are you ready, Jim?
Jim sighed deeply. It was the sigh of a man who had already accepted his fate. He wasnt a pessimist. He wasnt welcoming inevitable death. He just expected it. He knew his situation. The odds werent in his favor.
For the past thirty years hed battled against the enemy. The enemy was the Syndicate, a militaristic criminal organization led by Carl Jameson, a ruthless, modern gangster. Their goal was to own the city, to rule it via terror and force and control its ample resources. Since the inception of the CSA, Jim had known that hed had no choice. Ten years ago, when the police force in the city had crumbled under the weight of threats that it wasnt equipped to deal with, his work had become even more vital. The city had become like a war zone. It needed the CSA. No one else could have carried on the battle. Until now. Now there was Adam. His protg. His successor. He trusted him with his life, with the CSAhis lifes work. There was no doubt in his mind that Adam could finish what he had started. In his mid-60s now, he was too old for this. He knew it. The enemy knew it.
Im tired. Its your time now, Adam. Im not gonna wait in fear because I know, when that moment comes, that I dont have to worry anymore. You will be the one to finish it.
Its not over yet, Adam told him as he turned into the parking lot of the train station. He brought the car to a halt in front of an eight-foot-high chain link fence that bordered the train tracks.
Its not, Adam persisted as he turned off the engine and sat back in his seat.
They met each others glance, both of them fighting back the emotion that Jims words had wrought.
Abbey...she knows nothing of my involvement with the CSA. For her sake it needs to stay that way.
Adam nodded earnestly and then moved to get out of the car before the emotion of the situation overtook him. Before he could, Jims hand gripped his like a block of wood in a vice.
If anything happens
Jim, Adam protested, anticipating what was coming.
No, listen to me. If anything happens...promise me...youre the only one who can protect her.
Adam gripped Jims hand tightly and said, You have my word.
Jim knew he neednt say anything more. Adams word was solid. If he said he was going to do something hed do it. And, hed do it well. Guaranteed.
At Jims mention of the unthinkable, Adam once again faced the arduous task of trying to push away the thoughts that had been plaguing him for days now. Thoughts of losing the man that had become like a father to him.
Jim had given him a purpose and a reason during a time when nothing had seemed to have reason or meaning. Hed blocked Adams path to absolute rock bottom. A lump formed in his throat every time the notion that Jim might not be there at his side crossed his mind. It was a notion beyond comprehension and he refused to entertain it on an emotional level. But his head knew better than his heart. The odds that he could prevent his demise while he remained in the city were next to none. But Jim, the stubborn ass that he was, would not cede to going into hiding. It just wasnt his style.
He shook it off and reached forward to open the glove compartment. Seconds later he withdrew a 9mm Beretta. In one fluid motion he released the magazine, checked the ammo, snapped it back into place, and slipped the safety on. Sliding the pistol into the holster at his right hip, he turned to Jim and said, Okay, I wont be long.
To his shock, he watched as Jim tucked his own pistol into the pocket of his suede jacket and reached for the car door.
What are you doing?
Im getting out of the car, Jim responded, unapologetically.
What? No way. No youre not.
Before Adam could continue his protest Jim had already made it out of the car. Adam rushed after him and yelled at him over the hood, You asked me to bring you here in my car for the very simple fact that its bulletproof and you could wait here and not worry about being shot while we pick up your daughter from the station. Aggressively, he shut the drivers door and gestured to Jim to get back into the car. I will go get her. Just wait here.
Jim approached Adam calmly. He clasped his shoulders like a father about to impart some valuable words of wisdom to a son. Im not going to let anyone prevent me from greeting my own daughter when she gets off the train.
You have no choice. We have no backup if something happens. The risk is too high.
Even as Adam heard himself speak his words of caution, he knew only too well that he might as well have been on mute. Telling Jim what to do was like telling a sharpshooter how to fire a rifle: pointless and a damned waste of time. Still, he had to try.
You know you cant win. Im a stubborn old man, Adam. Good try though.
Adam breathed an exasperated sigh. Fine. But stay close to me. The moment I sense its not safe, I give the word and you haul your ass back here. Ill make sure Abbeys okay. Dont worry about that. Agreed?
Jim smiled, amused that Adam had the balls to bark orders at him. He was impressed and said, That works.
They made their way towards the station entrance with Adam shadowing Jim and scanning the surrounding area for any sign of suspicious activity.
You know, Adam, you can be a heavy-handed son of a bitch when you want to be, Jim commented as they reached the entrance.
Learned from the best, Adam rebutted as they both entered the station.
CHAPTER 2
The station, if it could be called that, consisted of one waiting room no bigger than a studio apartment in the overcrowded downtown core. A couple of vending machines stood in the far left corner and a lone magazine rack stocked with outdated issues rested beside them. A haggard-faced woman with a 1980s bleach-blonde perm and a mini-dress equally out of time presided over the ticket booth. She didnt seem any older than her mid-30s, but a life of booze and drugs had drawn the life out of her. It was easy enough in their city if you threw hope to the wayside and just gave in.
Adam continued to scan the waiting room while Jim spoke with the woman about the ETA of Abbeys train. He counted no more than twenty peoplepossibly passengers, possibly family or friends come to greet their loved ones. He eyed every couple, family, and single individual to ensure that no one posed a threat, that no one was watching them with that classic abnormally-too-interested glance. No one fit the profile. No ones pockets bulged with concealed weapons. There were no erratic glances back and forth from a faux object of interest to the two of them. The area was clear.
Should be pulling in any moment. Two minutes, Jim reported.
Okay, Adam responded, distracted by his surveillance.
All they could do now was wait.
 * * * * *
From the unobstructed view afforded by her window seat, Abbey Benson gazed out at the familiar city as the train sped along on its last leg of its forty-mile journey. She was heading home for a couple of weeks to visit her dad. It was the fall vacation of her first year of her Psych Masters program. Shed fast-tracked through high school on account of her extreme intelligence. Most people her age were still working on their bachelor degrees. Despite being highly capable, the strain of university had become intense near the end of the last semester and she was glad to have finally made it to vacation. It was a welcome break.
As she gazed out at the city with its towering apartment blocks and oversized office buildings, she felt at home. It was her hometown, yet she had spent so little of her life there. As a child, her dad had sent her away to boarding school shortly after her mothers tragic car accident. Immediately following that, hed urged her to go away to university in order to keep her away from the city. Hed told her haunting tales of the dangers that the city possessed. He didnt want her anywhere near it. What Abbey had never been able to work out was why he stayed there if it was so dangerous. She had always thought it was so he could be close to her mother, to their memories that theyd shared. He would never admit it and she would never push it. But it didnt stop her wondering.
An announcement crackled over the speakers signaling the trains arrival and reminding passengers to collect their possessions.
The train slowed to a halt and Abbey felt a wave of excitement wash over her. She couldnt wait to see her dad again. Although they spoke often over the phone and via email, it wasnt the same. It had been too long since shed seen him in person. The next two weeks were going to be great!
She got to her feet and gathered her things. Instinctively, she felt the back pocket of her jeans. Yep, it was there: her flip knife. She could never be too careful when returning home. Her father had taught her that. And thanks to him she knew how to take care of herself should the situation arise.
 * * * * *
There she is. Do you see her? Jim called to Adam, gesturing to a young, blonde woman descending the steps of the train.
Adam watched as an attractive female wearing perfectly fitted jeans and a low-cut cream tank top that drew attention to an area he tried to avoid glancing at navigated her way through the crowds towards the waiting room. She carried a brown suede jacket at her side and wheeled a suitcase behind her. She was even more beautiful than he had remembered. He couldnt keep his eyes off her.
Wow, he said aloud.
Jim snapped his fingers in Adams face to break his gaze.
Sorry, Im just surprised, is all. Shes grown upuhgood.
Yeah, last time you saw her was what? Five, six years ago? Shes twenty-one now. Still cant believe it.
Neither can I, Adam agreed.
Despite being drawn to her, Adam pushed it aside. He hadnt had the company of a woman for years and that wasnt about to change. He drew his gaze away and resumed his surveillance of the station. And that was when his glance fell upon the one person in the room whom he had not seen before. A six-foot-tall hulk of a man stood quietly off to the side looking at no one in particular. He wore a heavy, dark overcoat, sunglasses, and a baseball cap that concealed most of his face. Adam knew there was no way he could have missed such a massive figure. He had to have just entered the building. He watched closely as the guy reached into his coat pocket; a pocket that bulged. As he placed his hand in the pocket, the contents were pressed against the fabric, making them viewable to Adam. That was when he saw it: the distinctive outline of a handgun.
As he turned to notify Jim, who had started to wave Abbey over, he spotted two young, overweight skinheads barrel through the main entrance.
Jim, we need to move now!
Jim snapped into action. His eyes scanned the room and noticed the same threats that Adam had. But before he could react, two more guns for hire appeared behind the passengers entering the waiting room. They nodded to the mysterious man in the corner.
Instinctively, both Adam and Jim withdrew their weapons, holding them behind their backs as they waited to see what the leader of the muscle would do.
He started to withdraw his firearm.
Adam was quicker on the draw and aimed his gun at him, causing a standoff.
Get down! he yelled to the innocent crowd of bystanders greeting their loved ones. Jim fired a shot into the air for emphasis. Screams of fear and shock erupted, engulfing the waiting room. People dove to the floor, some covering their faces with their hands in terror and others attempting to crawl towards the exit.
Go! Now! Adam yelled to Jim.
Jim hesitated and his eyes searched through the blanket of people for Abbey. Adam sensed his anxiety and yelled, Ive got her. Just get to the car!
There are too many. You wont make it out.
Just leave!
But Jim was resolute. I cant. You wont make it.
A look passed between them. Jim knew Adam was doing everything in his power to save his life. But Adam had to survive this. He was the future of the CSA. Jim was there to ensure things happened as they needed to.
Adams peripheral vision noticed the movements of four men approaching.
Call it off, boys, Jim called out as three of the thugs approached him, knives in hand. The other brandished a gun and approached Adam from his right.
No one answered. No one moved. Adam couldnt take out the leader without his thugs taking a couple of shots at him and Jim or the innocent people in the room.
Suddenly, the leader nodded. And then they came at them.
In the chaos, Adam found the opportunity to take a shot. He fired at the leaders leg with ruthless determination. His leg gave way as the bullet lodged itself in his thigh and he hit the floor hard.
Before the man beside him had the chance to fire off a shot, something unexpected happened. Adam caught sight of a small object propelling through the air towards the gunman. It sped like lightning, traveling so fast that he couldnt make out what it was until it plunged into the mans wrist. A knife. It was barely a three-inch blade, but it inflicted maximum damage to the gunman, piercing a vein and forcing his hand to release the firearm. It fell from his grip as he clutched at his bloody wrist. He was so distracted by the heavy flow of blood that quickly followed that Adam barely had to use any effort to finish the fight.
Adam looked out to the crowd and saw Abbey nod at him.
What had just happened? He didnt have time to figure out how a civilian possessed an aim of a well-trained professional. Impossible.
He looked over at Jim who had been driven away from him by battle. Two of his attackers were sprawled out on the concrete floor, dead to the world. Adam watched as he effortlessly disposed of the final threat with an iron fist that destroyed his attackers jaw and forced him into unconsciousness.
Adam nodded to him, a smile of relief playing across his lips.
But Jims expression abruptly shifted as he said, Its not over.
Adam followed his gaze. There were more. Many more. At least two dozen men rushed towards them.
Oh my God, he breathed.
This was the end.
Make the call, Jim called.
A heavy glance passed between them and they both knew this was it. There were too many men. They blocked the exits. There was no way out.
Adam pulled out his phone and dialed, Its happened.
On my way, a voice replied.
Adam had barely hung up when his senses screamed at him. But he didnt turn around fast enough. He heard himself cry out as a shocking, white-hot pain shot through his side. It was paralyzing, excruciating. He turned his head to glance at the area. The blade of a knife, still buried in his side, was being held there by the attack leader. A triumphant smirk played across his face as Adam made eye contact.
Now were even, the leader spoke as he sadistically yanked out the blade, ripping through more flesh and widening the wound.
Adam fell to his knees, gasping. Beads of sweat quickly started to roll down his face, stinging his eyes. He brought his hand to the wound, forcing himself to exert painful pressure to ebb the blood flow. Quickly, an all-consuming wave of lightheadedness enveloped him. He fought to breathe, to push the feeling away. In that moment, he knew only one thing: he had to get up and move or Jim would die.
Gritting his teeth, he strained to reach for his Beretta. He gripped it in his right hand, aimed, and fired off half a dozen flawless shots at the muscle that approached Jim. He brought down four men, but there were many more. He shifted his aim to the leader, but he had disappeared somewhere into the now frantic, stampeding crowd. Shit!
Adams breathing came in short, erratic bursts as he forced himself to his feet. He felt adrenaline course through his veins, propelling him forward, urging him to go on. There was no sweeter drug. It made the impossible into the possible and the fighter into a machine.
He sped towards Jim like a man possessed.
Jim was losing the battle. He was surrounded. As he defeated one opponent, two more seemed to take his place. Like cockroaches, they just seemed to breed.
To his right, Adam caught sight of Abbey sprinting towards her dad, calling his name frantically. As she neared him, Adam blocked her path with his arm.
No, he told her.
Before words of protest could escape her lips, he pulled her against him suddenly, shielding her with one arm as he fired off two shots with the other. Abbey spun around to see two gunmen laying lifelessly just a couple of feet away. Adam had just saved her life.
The exits are no longer blocked. Get the civilians out of here.
She nodded, devoid of all protest following the close call shed just experienced. He watched her head towards the frantic civilians and start ushering them towards the exit.
What took you so long? Jim called between hits as Adam fired off two perfect shots into the temples of two men attempting to force Jim into a submissive body lock.
Busy getting stabbed. Im fine by the way in case you were worried, Adam said as he smashed his elbow into the jugular of an attacker approaching from his rear.
The battle raged on. The sheer number of opponents meant any strategy was shot to hell. There was no time to think or analyze. He and Jim were caught in a whirlwind of savage violence. It was impossible to tell who was winning the battle or how many opponents they had defeated.
Adam fought with an urgent fervor. Every time he moved he felt as though his wound was being ripped further open. He felt the stickiness of warm blood trickling down his side. It soaked his shirt and the waistband of his jeans. He was losing too much blood. He knew he couldnt hold out much longer.
Commander! the voice of the leader boomed. You fight a battle you cant win!
Call this off. Now! Adam demanded.
Do you have any idea how much theyre paying me for this?
You dont and I will come after you. I have the resources. I will destroy you, Adam threatened between blows.
Maybe. But right now, I destroy you, Commander.
The leaders chilling words affected Adam, sending an icy shiver down his spine.
And then a shot was fired.
Jim roared in pain. Adam watched as he went down hard.
Move out! Were done here! the leader called to his men seconds later. Immediately, on his command, the men lowered their fists, turned, and filed out after their leader.
Adam couldnt even entertain the idea of going after them. He was in a state of hell. Jim had just been shot.
He ran towards him and fell to his knees beside him. Jim clutched at his chest, rasping erratically.
Jim! Jim! Stay with me, old friend!
He hastily ripped open Jims jacket and lifted his shirt. He was taken aback by what he saw. A lump formed in his throat.
Jim. No. Why arent you wearing your vest? Adams voice trembled. His hands shook as he pressed them against the wound.
Im tired, was Jims choked response.
Adam exerted more pressure, but he couldnt stop the blood flow. It oozed over his fingers, soaking his hands in seconds.
Dad! came a shrill cry from Abbey. In seconds she was on her knees beside Adam. Tears filled her eyes when she saw the state her dad was in. There was blood everywhere.
Call an ambulance! she ordered Adam.
Adam was without words for a few moments. He was caught off guard by her sudden presence and her hysterical state. He wasnt a master at dealing with overwhelming emotion.
Call an ambulance! she screamed.
Its too late, he finally said.
A glance passed between Jim and Adam. They both knew it.
What? You dont know that. How can you possibly know that?
Finally, Adam pushed himself to make eye contact with her. He had tried to avoid it because he feared her emotional reaction to the situation would push him over the edge. He couldnt afford that.
Its a fatal shot, he told her.
Tears streamed down her face. She cursed and looked away to shield her anguish.
Abbey, Jim struggled to say.
He reached out his trembling hand. Abbey turned back to him and moved closer, taking his hand. She was choking on her tears. Her voice trembled. Dad.
Abbey, listen. It will be okay.
No, no. I cant...be without you...I.... she wept.
Yes you can, her dad told her firmly.
Jim trailed off and his eyes fell on Adam.
You remember Adam...hes Commander of the CSA. Hes...hes like a son to me...he will watch over you. Youre not alone, sweetheart. I promise you...it will be...okay...I love you....
Jim was growing weaker by the second. His voice was barely audible. His eyes were beginning to lose their focus. He gestured for Adam to come closer, out of Abbeys earshot. Still exerting pressure on the wound, Adam leaned closer. Jim gripped his arm earnestly. His grip was no longer like a vice. His strength had almost dissipated completely.
Finish it, he rasped.
Seeing Jim dying before him, his own hands covered in his blood, with his daughter on the verge of losing it beside him, Adam could barely keep it together.
Count on it, he choked out.
Jim shut his eyes and his grip slackened.
He was dead.
Another soldier down.
Adam squeezed his hand. Tears welled in his eyes. He let go and sat back on his haunches, staring at the lifeless being of his greatest comrade.
Abbey took her dad in her arms, rocking him back and forth, holding him tightly, Dad...Dad! No! Dad!
Her sobs echoed hauntingly through the station.
Adam wiped his eyes with the back of his hand and reached for her. He gently pulled her away from the nightmarish scene before her. She collapsed into his arms and he held her as she wept without restraint, her body trembling from the force of her sobs.
Im sorry, he whispered gently.
He gazed at Jim.
Rest now, old friend.

CHAPTER 3
I have a diluted strain of morphine if you need it, Tom Winston spoke as he finished bandaging Adams wound.
Adam rolled his bloodstained shirt back down and reached for his black leather jacket. Ill be fine, he said as he carefully eased his jacket on.
Youll need stitches. Thatll hold for an hour or two, at the most.
Tom Winston was an old friend of Jims from their military days. Winston was a former commander of a black ops branch of the military that specialized in waterworks and missions of an extremely sensitive nature. Now a freelancer, he had an exclusive contract with the Mentors Circle, the secret governing board of the CSA, to act as their cleanup person. His job was to effectively erase all evidence of particularly implicating events and occurrences to make it appear as though they had never happened.
As soon as Jim and Adam had got wind of the Syndicate hit they had put him on standby. Jim was the founder of the CSA, a fact that was known only by those with Command Clearancethe Mentors Circle and the Commander of the CSA. Winstons job was to keep it that way despite the very public hit that had just taken place.
Ill make a trip to the ER shortly, once I know shes taken care of.
He gazed at Abbey sitting in a near catatonic state in the passenger seat of his car a few feet away.
With a hit like this, the odds of stopping it from happening are next to none, Adam. They were going to get him, no matter what you did.
Toms words did little to alleviate the guilt and regret that Adam felt at failing to keep Jim alive. But his attempts were appreciated, for Adam knew that Tom was, by nature, a man without emotion or the tolerance for anything but logic and reasoning. But out of respect for Jim he made a valiant effort.
Thanks, Adam offered.
Tom moved closer to him and whispered, Jim trusted you with two of the most precious things in his life: the CSA and his daughter. His judgment has never been wrong. You need to remember that, because they will challenge you now. Dont let them. The Circle doesnt command the CSA, you do. If push comes to shove, you could do it without them, but you would compromise your resources. Find a way to lead them.
Adam took Toms words in.
Tom knew, as Adam did, that Jims death and the resulting loss of backing for Adam as Commander would mean a hard road ahead. At only thirty-three years, Adam was a young Commander, a fact that many resented. They would try to challenge him and Tom was right that Adam had to be prepared for it.
I appreciate that, Tom.
They shook hands firmly. Tom nodded to him respectfully then made his way back inside the station to give his cleanup a once-over.
 * * * * *
Adam pulled into the driveway of his secluded home. Situated a few miles outside the city, it backed onto a forest and was flanked by heavy foliage, making it virtually undetectable from the road and extremely difficult to find. A few feet ahead stood an eight-foot-high cast-iron gate. A ten-foot monotone flagstone wall stood either side and extended around the entire circumference of the property.
He withdrew his cell phone, flipped it open, and dialed a four-digit sequence of numbers. Seconds later the gate emitted an erratic, high-pitched beep and began to open. He drove through and as soon as the car was clear it began to close.
He made a sharp right turn into a modest driveway. He drove straight ahead towards the sloped garage entrance that led to the basement level of his three-story home.
It was a strikingly beautiful property with gray stone veneer cladding and vaulted ceilings. A small balcony off the master bedroom protruded out from the second floor, resting upon a flagstone portico beneath, which separated the symmetrical casement windows on either side of the house.
As the car approached the impenetrable titanium garage door, Adam dialed another key code sequence of numbers on his cell phone. The garage door began its cautious ascent.
Security is clearly an obsession of yours, Abbey commented as Adam drove into the garage.
More like a necessity, he returned.
The underground garage was dimly lit with a few incandescent light bulbs that hung nakedly from the center of the ceiling. A good-sized garage, it could have fit at least six cars generously spaced. The far wall housed a small armory: rifles, shotguns, pistols, knives, nunchucks, and even a couple of machetes rested on a series of built-in cabinets. A couple of chests sat upon two adjacent worktops. Abbey could only wonder at what could be found within those. On the opposite wall was a door, which she assumed must lead into the basement.
Is that my fathers car? she asked, having noticed another car parked there when they first entered, but not thinking much of it. However, upon closer inspection, she had realized it was familiar: an old, black SUV with tinted windows.
Adam brought the car to a halt beside the SUV. He glanced past Abbey.
Yeah, its his. He thought it best to leave it somewhere safe.
What does that mean? Abbey asked, frustrated with Adams cryptic response.
Lets go inside, Adam responded.
Commander
Just call me Adam, he said as he climbed out of his car.
Abbey followed suit. Fine. Adam. Explain, she pressed forcefully.
Damn, she is even feistier than the first time we met a few years back! Definitely her fathers daughter.
Adam walked silently towards the door at the far side of the room. He gestured for her to follow. He opened it and there stood a staircase ascending to the ground floor.
This way, he urged her.
He leaned over her to shut the door and groaned as the movement pulled at his wound. He stumbled. Abbey reacted instantly, throwing out her hands to keep him from falling into her.
Sorry, he said.
He became aware that they were pressed tightly against one another. Her hands were on his chest. He was drawn in by the overpowering, enticing scent of her perfume. Oh shit, he breathed inwardly. He was attracted to her. He didnt understand why. He hadnt felt anything like it for the last decadethe last time hed had the company of a woman. It was extremely unsettling and wholly unexpected. Awkwardly, he fumbled to close the door and move away from her. He began climbing the stairs, slowly and painfully. Each step was an exercise in torture. He needed to sit down. Abbey didnt say a word. She followed close behind with seemingly unending patience for the excruciatingly long time that it was taking him to make it up one flight of stairs.
The door opened to a very plain living room. A burgundy leather sofa was situated just under a window accompanied by two matching oversized chairs. To the left of the sofa was a huge redwood bookcase, full to the brim with numerous volumes. Opposite the couch was a very masculine entertainment unit, complete with a nifty flat screen TV and speakers that rivaled the size of the TV itself.
Abbey glanced around, taking in the house. To the left of the living room was a hallway leading to the front door and a flight of stairs to the second floor just beyond that. To the right was the kitchen. Hardwood floors covered every room. No carpeting and no rugs, no photos or paintings. Everything seemed very clean-cut and hollow. There was no warmth. No life.
VeryOCD-esque, she commented.
Adam smiled. She was right.
This isnt far from my fathers house.
Its 2.3 miles east from here, Adam clarified.
An awkward silence filled the room. Abbeys eyes wandered anxiously. Adam sensed her uneasiness. Of course she felt uneasy. She had just seen her father murdered. Now, she stood in the home of a man she barely knew. When it came to his work he always knew his next move. But having a young woman in his home and offering her comfort and good company was way beyond his area of expertise. He was out of his depth.
Finally, he spoke. Uhhave a seat, if you like. Do you want something to drink?
Abbey snapped out of the trance shed been in. Okay. Sure.
You okay? he asked.
Abbey met his concerned glance. She nodded.
He hesitated before leaving the room and heading to the kitchen. He knew she wasnt okay. She was probably still in shock. Shed barely said a word in the car. She was numb right now, but he knew from experience that as soon as that wore off it would hit her hard. Very hard. He prayed that she would be strong enough to handle it.
He made his way to the fridge. As he reached for the door, he felt a sharp twinge in his side. Hed pulled at his wound.
Son of a bitch, he muttered, clutching his side. It hurt like hell. He kicked himself for refusing Toms offer of the morphine. But he knew if hed taken it then he wouldnt have been able to drive. Still, he could have had the comfort of knowing he had something on reserve. Crap. He managed to take out two cans of beer from the fridge. As he put them down on the kitchen table, his cell rang.
Reede here, he spoke through gritted teeth, gripping the table for support until the searing pain in his side ebbed.
You sound like hell, just like Winston described, the voice on the other end spoke.
Its a minor stab wound. Not a big deal, Paul.
Ill be the judge of that. Let me in.
Adam walked to the kitchen window and peered through the blinds. He saw Pauls motorcycle stopped at the gate.
You son of a bitch, Adam joked.
Winston was worried you wouldnt go to the ER. I told him he was right. So, here I am.
Great. You and your rusty battlefield medical training.
Yep.
Adam hung up and crossed the living room towards the front door. At the door was a PIN pad. He punched in the access code to the gate. He glanced at the security camera above the PIN pad and watched as Paul eased his bike around the winding driveway and came to a stop just outside the front door.
Medical assistance, Adam explained to Abbey.
Abbey nodded.
Adam opened the door and Paul stood before him. With playful faux annoyance, Adam sighed and stepped aside to let Paul in.
Paul Cooke had been Adams right-hand man at the CSA for the last eight years, almost as long as Adam had been Commander. Adam trusted him implicitly. They were like brothers. At six-foot-eight and heavyset, Paul was a towering figure of a man who commanded respect. His shaved head and stubble-free chin stood in contrast to Adams more disheveled look. Adam was rarely seen without coarse stubble and months-old haircuts. It was the look of a man obsessed. He had time for nothing else but his work. It utterly consumed his life.
Adam followed Paul into the living room. Abbey, this is Paul. He works with me.
Abbey offered a polite smile and extended her hand. Paul took it.
Its a pleasure. Sorry to barge on in considering the circumstances. Just here to give Adam some medical assistance. Shouldnt take long, Paul said, patting a small bag that he carried on his shoulder that was full of medical supplies.
Abbey nodded, not really paying attention to anything.
Im sorry about your father, Paul said.
Adam and Paul exchanged a concerned glance when she failed to respond at all. Suddenly, Paul saw a temporary solution to relieving her troubled thoughts.
You couldnt even turn on the TV? Paul chastised Adam, reaching for the remote and switching it on. Hes not used to having company, especially that of women, Paul said, apologizing on Adams behalf.
Come on, lets get this over with, Adam said, pulling Paul away into the kitchen.
When they reached the kitchen, Paul shut the door quietly behind them. Wow! he whispered, placing his bag on the kitchen table.
What?
What do you mean what? Shes hot, smoking hot.
Come on, Adam said, urging Paul to drop it.
You dont think so?
Its not really the time right now, Paul.
Paul eyed Adam suspiciously. And then he saw it. There was something there, so he added, You like her.
Paul, just get on with this for Gods sake.
Adam pulled out a chair and eased himself into it. He lifted his shirt so Paul could get access to the wound.
Shit. Tell me again why you refused the morphine?
I need to stay alert.
To protect the girl?
He began to apply some antiseptic to the wound. Adam flinched and gritted his teeth as the alcohol-based solution made contact with his open wound.
Yes, he seethed from the excruciating pain.
How are you planning to do that? Keep her here forever?
For the next forty-eight hours she'll stay here so I can be with her when the shock wears off. That's when the grief will hit hardest. I don't want her to be alone for that.
And then? You want me to assign security to Jim'sI meanher place?
Yes. Indefinitely. I can't be sure that the Syndicate won't go after her. She engaged in the battle.
Paul nodded his understanding and asked, You sure you can handle it? The grief, I mean? Its a bit too close for comfort, isnt it?
Ill be fine. I made a promise to him.
Paul looked at Adam. He was utterly exhausted, both physically and mentally. Jims murder had taken a great toll on him. His demeanor emanated great grief. He knew how much Jim had meant to him. The story was that they had met in the military and a friendship had been born. Jim had also provided the CSA with valuable intel on numerous occasions. But Paul couldnt help but wonder if Jim had really played a more integral part in the agency. Hed approached Adam about it a few times, albeit indirectly. Now, with the hit, with Adam so adamant about taking on the responsibility of protecting Jims daughter and the great anxiety he had carried with him of late, it seemed to suggest that there were more layers to the story.
Adam, was Jim more than just a friend and informant to the CSA? Paul suddenly found himself asking outright.
Adam met his gaze. Paul refused to look away, challenging him to offer up the truth.
No, he answered.
Paul studied his best friends expression. His eyes did not betray a hint of a lie. He maintained solid eye contact. His face did not flush. But Paul also knew that Adam had mastered the art of withstanding interrogation during his military days. So, even though his body language insisted he was telling the truth, he could just as well have been lying. If that was the case, all Paul could do was wait. If Adam wanted to tell him, he would. If he was hiding something he had a good reason for it.
A few moments of silence elapsed. Paul worked quickly to stitch Adams wound.
Adam barely felt the pain now, so preoccupied was he with the consequences of the days events. It was surreal that a couple of hours prior, he and Jim had been laughing and joking around in his car. Now, all that was over. Forever. He couldnt wrap his head around the reality that he was really gone. The realization burned right through him, boring a hole through his very being. But now was not the time for him to grieve. He had work to do.
Okay, Im done here. Youre good. Just lay off getting stabbed for a while, Paul said, getting to his feet.
Much appreciated, Adam thanked him.
Paul enveloped him in a brotherly hug. Well talk tomorrow.
Adam nodded.
He watched as Paul headed back through the living room, said goodbye to Abbey, and left the house. At the sound of the front door slamming shut he immediately realized that he was alone again with her. The awkwardness threatened to rear its ugly head again. But this time he resolved to stop it and really talk to her. She needed some answers.
He retrieved the two beers from the kitchen and handed her one and eased himself into one of the oversized armchairs adjacent to the couch.
You smoke? he asked, gesturing to the ashtray and a pack of smokes lying on the coffee table.
Abbey nodded.
He attempted to reach forward to grab the smokes, but he found it wasnt possible given the stitches in his side. Abbey read his discomfort and grabbed them herself. Bold as she was, she withdrew one for herself first before handing him one. She grinned at him.
Ladies first? he asked.
Something like that, she said, leaning into him with a lighter shed retrieved from her pocket.
Her eyes made contact with his. Adam felt his pulse quicken. Her glance seemed to penetrate right through him as though she were searching his soul. She was so close. He could smell her hair, her skin. He saw the pain in her eyes. It was impossible to hide. He wanted to reach out and hold her and tell her everything was going to be okay. But he knew he could not.
Instead, he remained still as she lit his smoke then slumped back against the couch.
Are you okay? she asked him, eyeing his bloodstained t-shirt. Although shed seen him wash his hands at the station, they were still stained with blood also. She wondered how many washes it would take to get it out.
Yeah, it looks worse than it is, Adam lied. Truth was he had been forced to use all his mental focus just to stay awake on the drive home. It had been exhausting. But now, finally, he was gradually starting to feel a little better. He just had to force himself to take it easy for a little while.
Listen, Abbey, I need to keep you here for the next forty-eight hours. Just a precaution.
You think I might be targeted?
Its a possibility.
Because my dad was?
Adam took a gulp of his beer. No, because you engaged in the battle.
He eyed her dubiously, curious to hear what her explanation was. He hadnt actually seen her throw the knife. All he had to suspect her was her head nod to him.
Hmm, was all she offered.
Didnt you? he pressed her.
Abbey met his querying glance as she dragged on her smoke. You mean was it me who saved your life? She paused before saying, Yeah. I did.
Before Adam could utter his response, she spoke again, Why did I choose to help you out instead of my dad? Strategically, if I hadnt, you would have been killed and my dad wouldnt have stood a chance. Taking out one of his opponents wouldnt have solved anything. Saving your life did.
For a civilian you know a lot about this sort of thing, Adam said.
My dad.
He taught you?
Some things. Enough to protect myself. Defensive stuff, you know.
What about the offensive stuff? Adam asked, referring to her stunt with the knife.
That sort of thing intrigued me. I took a few classes.
An aim like that isnt just a few classes worth of experience.
I guess...I dunno...I was just able to pick it up fast. Its hard to explain.
But she didnt need to explain it to Adam. He already knew what it meant. She had the instinct. The gift.
In his entire career, there was only one other that Adam had met who had it also; thats how rare it was. His name was Rick Walker. So good was he that Adam had considered him a likely candidate to become his successor for when the time came. Just like Adam had been to Jim. But his hopes were quickly dashed, because having the instinct meant Rick also often reacted solely on instinct and impulse. Quickly, it had become a constant battle to rein him in and to pre-empt his rogue behavioral tendencies. It had become clear that Rick was not Commander material. Luckily for Adam, Paul Cooke was.
How did this happen to my dad? Abbeys voice echoed through the silence.
He was marked by the Syndicate. I found out a couple of weeks ago.
Why would they want him dead? Abbey asked, knowing full well who the Syndicate was. Everyone in the city knew.
As she spoke about it, she felt intense anger and grief welling up inside her, threatening to force itself to the surface. She fought to keep it at bay, to remain rational, because she needed answers.
He provided some intel to us a few times. The Syndicate didnt like it, Adam told her, a half-truth if there ever was one.
If you knew they were after him why werent more of your people protecting him?
He didnt want it that way. Believe me, I tried to convince him.
What kind of intel could he have provided to warrant a hit like this?
I cant disclose the specifics. Im sorry.
I deserve to know why my dad was murdered.
Im sorry, but I cant, Abbey.
Adam had spent his career learning what information to provide when and to whom. He had become a master at it. And this was one of those times where, despite the circumstances not being black and white, he knew exactly which way to go.
She thought she wanted answers, that she wanted the absolute truth. But sometimes, Adam knew, believing the lie was better. Sometimes the truth was just too harsh to bear. This was one of those times. And, no matter what, or for whom, he would not compromise the CSA.
Tell me this, Commander: do the secrets you bear keep you awake at night? she asked angrily.
A look passed between them. Adam could quite easily have escalated her remark into a heated argument. It was clearly what she wanted him to do. After all, feeling anger was easier than allowing herself to feel grief over her fathers death. It was likely the only thing keeping her from breaking down. But he couldnt. When it came to the CSA, he couldnt afford to react emotionally. He had to remain rational and levelheaded at all times: a blessing and a curse.
Rarely, he responded, stoically.
Abbey was taken aback by his response. It was so ambiguous. Intentionally. She realized there was no point in pursuing her current line of questioning. Adam was clearly a man who was very good at what he did. She couldnt win.
So, the man who fired the shot that murdered my dad was a member of the Syndicate?
Not exactly. It looks like a contract was issued. He doesnt work for the Syndicate directly. I would know. Ill figure out who he is.
I assume the CSA will retaliate?
Once again, Adam felt her questions encroaching on classified territory.
No, there wont be a retaliatory response, he told her, feeding her inconsequential information to satisfy her need for answers. Giving her information about something that wasnt going to happen was nothing. It was all he could give her.
I dont understand. You wont retaliate? He was like a father to you, right? You must feel like Im feeling, no?
I do, of course I do. But thats all personal. The CSA is business.
Youre really that cold that you can separate it like that?
Her words affected him more than he would have liked. She had struck a nerve. It was true that he was able to separate personal feelings from business, but it didnt mean, for a moment, that it was always easy.
As Commander he always had to be able to recognize that line, even in the most difficult of circumstances. Just like now. She didnt understand that he had no choice. His decisions had to be the right decisions, because every time he made one it risked peoples lives.
What youre referring to is an act of vengeance. These acts are driven by reckless passions that are always dangerous and extremely misguided. That is not what the CSA is about. Its there to protect the city, to force back the Syndicate. We make strategic strikes, but even those have consequences. Striking back at the Syndicate will not achieve anything. It will not destroy the monster, only wound it.
Abbey moved to argue, but Adam beat her there.
I dont blame you for feeling how you do right now. I feel the same. The difference is that lives depend on how I act and what I do or dont do. I will never order my men on an operation to satisfy my own whims and desires for retribution. The CSA has a mission and vengeance will never be a part of it.
Before anything further could be said Adams phone rang.
Reede here.
He listened to the frantic voice on the other end, glancing at Abbey as he did so.
No, no way. You are not authorized to do that. Your safety cannot be guaranteed. I wont sanction it. What? Yes, I knowbutwhat? Fine. Fine, but we continue this after.
Adam held out his phone to Abbey. Colin Benson, he informed her.
My uncle? she asked, confused.
The one and only.
The one and only pain in my ass.
Colin was Jims brother. He too was involved with the CSA. He too had been marked. The difference was that he had agreed to leave the city to avoid death at the Syndicates hands. He lived in a house secluded in the depth of a forest many miles outside the city.
Unlike his relationship with Jim, his relationship with Colin was a contentious one. Colin was stubborn, far too conservative, and he constantly questioned Adams decisions. Adam knew this was largely because he felt that Jim had passed him by and chosen Adam over him to lead the CSA. Jim had had his reasons. But now, instead of being a silent partner, Colin fought to be involved in everything. There was little Adam could do to stop it. Colin was a member of the Circle and a co-founder of the CSA. It pissed him off.
Adam let Abbey have her privacy with her uncle. It gave him the opportunity to go to the bathroom. He needed to scrub the bloodstains off his hands. Jims blood. He couldnt stand looking at it. It was a stark reminder that he had failed to protect him.
And now Jim was gone.

CHAPTER 4
Abbey awoke groggily. Her head thundered, no doubt due to the bottle of whiskey shed downed last night. It helped her sleep. It gave her some semblance of solace. It was the only thing that numbed her grief.
It had been two days since Adam had allowed her to leave his place. She had returned to the comfort of her dads home with the added protection of two CSA security guards. One was positioned at the edge of the property while the second was stationed on the porch.
The home that had once been a place of comfort was now a place of pain. Everywhere she turned, memories of him plagued her. It had been her childhood home after her mothers premature death. Her father had been unable to bear living in the house he had built with her mother so he and Abbey had moved. She finally understood how he must have felt, because now she felt it.
She glanced at the clock. It was a little after twelve. Her uncle would be here soon. It was the dreaded day of the funeral. She threw the covers aside to get out of bed. As she did, a zillion photos flew off the bed and floated to the bedroom floor like confetti. Shed forgotten that she had been looking at them last night. They were photos of her dad through the years and of the two of them together.
She had wanted to remember him as he appeared in the photos. But the only image that stuck in her head was the one of him sitting before her, bloodied and dying at the train station. She couldnt banish it. She longed to erase it, because she couldnt bear it. And, so, she drank...and drank. She hadnt been sober at all for the last forty-eight hours.
But she would have to be today.
 * * * * *
I cannot believe you ignored my directive! Adam yelled into the living room from the entryway where he stood before a full-length mirror, checking his appearance. Dressed in black suit pants, a crisp white shirt, and a tailored black blazer, he fiddled with his tie in front of the mirror.
Colin sat in his living room sipping at a glass of brandy, ingesting the courage that he needed to get through the day that he had dreaded for years. Hed shown up unannounced a couple of hours ago. Against Adams orders. Adam had been furious upon seeing him standing in his doorway. He was furious still.
I gave you a specific order not to come down here today. It was not authorized.
Adam
But Adam was having none of it. Not now. Not on this day.
Now, let me tell you something, I dont give a damn that you co-founded the agency. I dont care that you are related to Jim. And, I sure as hell dont care about that frigging chip on your shoulder over the fact that I became Commander and not you. I am Commander. Its on my command that you are protected from the Syndicate, that you are still frigging alive! So, its my orders that you need to follow. Is that clear? Adam fumed.
Adam Colin tried again.
Fortunately, I anticipated this, Adam said, walking into the living room, having finished getting ready.
He looked at Colin who sat in his chair smoking a cigar pensively. Despite his graying hair and a few lines etched on his face, he looked pretty good for a sixty-year-old. Well-built and muscular, he commanded attention whenever he entered a room. He, too, was dressed in his Sunday best for the funeral, wearing a tailored navy blue suit and a chapeau to match.
Adam Colin attempted once again.
This time Adam let him continue. He was too restless to take a seat. He was expecting a call at any moment. So, instead he stood, leaning against the bookcase, arms folded, as he listened to what Colin had to say.
I didnt come here to undermine you. Although, given our history, you have every right to assume that. I know the dangers and I apologize for putting you in a difficult position. I know how difficult today is for you also. Its no secret how much Jim meant to you. But...I just...despite the dangers, I had to be here today for my brother...and his daughter.
Adam felt Colins raw emotion. It took him aback, because Colin was as cold as could be.
The sound of Adams phone cut through the temporary silence in the room.
Well, luckily for you, I had a plan on standby, Adam said as he took his phone out of his suit pocket. Okay, good. Stand by, he said into the phone.
He hung up and approached the control panel by the front door. He punched in the access codes. Moments later he heard tires crunching on the asphalt driveway. He opened the front door. A few feet away two men got out of a silver Hummer.
The older of the two and the driver of the Hummer was Bill Palmer, a fifty-year-old ex-military drill sergeant. Bill had been one of the first people recruited into the CSA. He and Jim had been friends for years since their military days. Bill had mentored Adam in the basics when hed joined the agency. He was still at the peak of physical fitness. His toned, Stallone-like arms were covered with tattoos. This coupled with his crew cut and military-issue boots made him look as though hed never left the military life. In a way, he hadnt.
He now manned the Central Training Facility (CTF). The CTF was one of four CSA training centers. It was the largest and most infamous one. All agents worth their salt had passed through there. The CTF was also the meeting place of the Mentors Circle, which consisted of five men and women, Colin, and Adam. All major CSA decisions had to be ratified with unanimous consent from the Circle.
Beside Bill stood his partner, Jeff Layton, who also manned the CTF. Like Bill, Jeff was rough around the edges. His boxer's physique, skinhead, and goatee emphasized his tough exterior. Beneath it, Jeff was a playboy; a contrast to Bill's more cool and guarded temperament. Adam and Jeff had come up together and trained together. They were both the same age and good friends, despite their very different personalities. As Adam looked at his two comrades, he smiled, grateful that they had agreed to come on today of all days. Their presence would make the day a little more bearable.
Thought you were bringing that old run-down Chevy of yours, Bill? Adam called.
Its not old. Its a classic.
Jeff laughed at the familiar banter between Bill and Adam.
We decided not to tell you we were bringing the Hummer. We didnt want to get your hopes up. Youre not getting into the drivers seat, Bill told him.
Adam chuckled.
Oh, Im not kidding, Bill said.
Adam glanced at Jeff for support.
Gotta agree with the big guy. You do have a reputation.
What?
How many cars have you written off in the last nine years since youve been with the CSA? Bill asked.
Four, maybe five. But there were extenuating circumstances. I was on the job each of those times. Its not like I chose to do it.
Jeff and Bill patted Adam on the back as they entered the house. Still not getting in the drivers seat, Bill said.
Perhaps Ill have to pull rank, Adam muttered in jest.
The three of them headed into the living room. Colin greeted Bill and Jeff.
So, you two are the plan?
Were your escorts for the daynot in a promiscuous sense. Sorry to disappoint, Jeff joked.
Whos manning the CTF in your absence? Colin asked.
Rupert Everett, Bill revealed.
Jeff glanced at Adam and saw his displeasure. Of course, he already knew about it, but having it mentioned just revived his disapproval. He kept his feelings to himself, because Colin and Rupert were close. Rupert was a little older than Bill, a former general and a brilliant military strategist. Adam and he constantly butted heads, because they were both brilliant strategists and they both knew it. Neither one wanted to back down or admit defeat. But what bothered Adam the most about Rupert was that he was far too cautious. Adam believed the CSA needed to be more aggressive to bring down the Syndicate, but Rupert was vehemently against that approach. For Adam, it was extremely frustrating to be forced to compromise time and again because of one dissenting voice.
Adam stepped into the middle of the living room and addressed the three of them, Okay, so this is how its gonna lay out.
The three listened carefully as Adam laid out the plan for protecting Colin at the funeral. Adam couldnt bring in CSA protection given the sensitive circumstances of Jims murder so it was just them.
 * * * * *
A couple of hours later Abbey sat at the kitchen table staring into space. Before her was a bowl of cereal that hadnt been touched. She sat, dressed in a fitted black pantsuit, her blonde hair loose, but held in place with a little hair spray. Sunglasses hid her eyes from view.
She snapped back into focus at the sound of the doorbell. She glanced around, confused. How long had she been sitting there just staring aimlessly into nothingness?
She moved through the house to answer the door.
Like Adams home, the house was secluded in the forest off the beaten track. A two-story log cabin with a porch that extended around the entire property, it was serene and picturesque. It was a modest home having two bedrooms: one being Abbeys since childhood, and the other, her fathers room. Cozy rugs covered the hardwood floors throughout the house and oversized chunky furniture gave the place a warm, homely feel. It was a beautiful retreat.
Instinctively, Abbey peered through the peephole before opening the door, despite the fact that two security guards were watching over her twenty-four-seven. It was a gut instinct to always check anyway.
Abbey, her uncle greeted, enveloping her in a bear hug.
She was startled by the gesture, because he rarely showed any affection. She couldnt even recall the last time he had hugged her. She pulled back after a few uncomfortable moments and glanced over his shoulder.
Hey, she said warmly, noticing Adam.
Bill and Jeff had gone on ahead to secure the funeral location at Adams request. He had also thought it would be too overwhelming for four of them to show up to pick her up.
Hey, he responded.
Colin glanced between them. He watched Abbeys face light up. Her cheeks reddened just enough to be noticeable and her spirits appeared to lift a little as soon as shed registered Adams presence. Interesting.
The three of them headed into the house. Abbey stumbled up the step and grabbed the wall for support. Adam and Colin exchanged a worried glance. Was she drunk?
I just need to grab something from upstairs then we can go, she announced. She walked unsteadily and gripped the banister for support as she climbed the stairs.
This isnt good, Colin whispered, when she was out of sight.
He moved to the coffee table where her purse lay. He opened it. Seconds later, he withdrew a Mickey of whiskey.
Being in this house must be difficult, Adam offered.
Maybe today will help. Shell get to say a proper goodbye, Colin said.
Maybe, Adam said, though he didnt really believe it.
A few moments later, Abbey came back into the living room. She held out her closed hand to Adam and said, This is for you.
Adam watched as she opened her hand to reveal what was inside. He was jolted out of his cool, levelheaded state by what he saw.
There on her palm were Jims military dog tags.
He wanted you to have them, Abbey explained.
Adam cleared his throat to force away the emotion that gripped him. Thanks, he choked out.
An awkward silence filled the room. Adam was lost for words. He stood, frozen in the middle of the living room, gazing at the precious gift she had given him.
Its time. Better get going, Colin finally said.

CHAPTER 5
Today we celebrate the life of James Benson, a man who has touched the lives of everyone here. Jim was a man of....
As Abbey listened to the priest speak about her father, his words quickly began to fade into the background as she glanced around at the mourners. It was packed. Every pew was occupied and there were even people standing at the back. Her father had been absolutely beloved. She had known he had been popular, but this was unbelievable. Seeing so many who had come to pay their respects to him choked her up. She already felt tears filling her eyes.
When she, Adam, and Colin had arrived at Gladstone Chapel twenty minutes ago, a blur of people had greeted them, offering Abbey their deepest condolences, telling her stories of their personal experiences with her dad, how he had helped them out, how hed touched their lives.
Now, she sat between Adam and her uncle. Directly in front of them a few feet away was her fathers casket. Thank God it wasnt an open casket. She knew she wouldnt have been able to handle that. Just the thought of staring into the lifeless eyes of her father again shocked her. She still couldnt get her last memory of him out of her head.
She felt her hand, almost of its own accord, brush Adams and then settle on the back of his palm, which rested on his lap. He flinched at the sudden contact and he turned to her.
As he caught her eye he saw all he needed to know. He responded and took her hand, gripping it gently, in an effort to comfort her. Adam understood why she had reached for his instead of Colins. It was because he had been there the day that Jim was murdered. She felt a connection to him, because he understood. He had seen what she had. And, what was more, Jim had been like a father to him, just as he was a father to her.
The service was over quickly as there were no eulogies. Jim had forbidden any. He hadnt wanted people talking about how great he was. Hed hated notoriety like that even in death. He had often told Adam how he felt it just served to prolong the misery of the mourners.
Following the service, Jims casket was transported to a private mausoleum in Hillview Cemetery. The mausoleum backed onto one of the four great hills of the cemetery; it was a private area away from any other graves. Jim had always favored the quiet despite his occupation.
Abbey, Adam, Colin, and a couple of men she didnt recognize had followed the body to the mausoleum. The rest of the congregation had gone on to the reception at a local bar.
Are you okay? Colin asked Abbey as the two of them stood inside the mausoleum staring at Jims coffin. Her hands were shaking and beads of sweat glistened on her forehead.
Tight spaces, you know, she said, taking a couple of deep breaths. Im fine, she lied.
Adam was outside talking with Bill and Jeff about their game plan for getting Colin safely back out of the city.
Why dont you come and stay with me for a bit?
I need to be here for a while, Abbey responded.
She gazed at the inscription on the wall, above the coffin:

Herein lies James (Jim) Benson.
Beloved father, brother, and friend.
May your soul find peace in the arms of Heavens angels.

It was beautifully written. Her father deserved that.
I dont think this place will help you heal.
Heal? Uncle, nothing will. Nothing.
Sometimes Abbey wished that her uncle was more like her dad. He was just too cold most of the time. Moments like these were the worst, because he just didnt get it. He couldnt.
Think about it, he pressed.
Before Abbey was forced to make a promise that she doubted she would be able to keep, Adams voice called to them.
They emerged into the daylight to see him standing with Jeff and Bill. Adam introduced Abbey to the two of them, telling her that they were old military pals of her dads. Thankfully, she accepted that explanation.
As she conversed with the two of them, Adam stealthily pulled Colin aside and said, Were getting reports that the Syndicate knows youre here. Whether they will act on that, we dont know. Paul is looking into it. We cant wait to find out. You need to leave immediately.
I understand.
Okay, Adam said and moved to give the order to Jeff and Bill.
But before he could, Colin gripped his arm. Thank you, Colin told him, sincerely.
Adam was struck by his gratitude and said, Not a problem. Dont worry. Ill keep an eye on her.
I know you will, Colin said. He took Adams hand and they shook firmly. An understanding passed between them.
 * * * * *
Adam and Abbey sat at the foot of a hill in Hillview Cemetery a few feet from Jims mausoleum. Since the departure of Colin and the boys they had remained in the cemetery at Abbeys request.
Abbey had barely spoken since Colin had left. Adam figured that she probably wanted to be alone but unfortunately he couldnt give her that. It was far too dangerous for her to be alone right now. Adam was surprised that the Syndicate hadnt attempted some sort of political statement today of all days. He still wasnt convinced that the day would end in peace. It just wasnt the Syndicates style. He was worried.
Im glad youre here, Abbey suddenly spoke.
Once again her hand gripped his. He reciprocated and smiled kindly.
Were you having an anxiety attack earlier outside the mausoleum? he asked boldly.
Abbey was taken aback at the sudden question. What?
I saw you shaking. You looked pale.
If anyone could ID an anxiety attack it was Adam. Unfortunately, he had a good deal of experience in that area.
Abbey sighed and admitted reluctantly, Yeah. Im a little claustrophobic. Not a big deal. Im fine now.
Good.
A couple of moments of silence enveloped them once more until Adam noticed her eyeing him intensely. Was she checking him out?
What? he asked with amusement.
She smiled to herself sheepishly and told him, I used to have a huge crush on you.
Adam nodded. I know.
You knew?
Your dad told me. Well, warned me.
Abbey laughed and said, Yeah, he was very protective. I never dated anyone in high school. Guys were afraid to come near me.
In all fairness, you were only seventeen when we met.
Abbey smiled as she recalled that night. Right, yeah. Sorry about coming on to you.
Before he could respond he felt her grip his hand tighter. Im not seventeen now, she added.
He was startled by her brazenness. She was incredibly vulnerable right now. He also knew that she was likely still a little drunk. He didnt want to upset her so he decided the best way to spurn her advances was to use some sort of lighthearted humor. He cradled her hand in his and held it between them.
Gently, he told her, You dont want to get involved with me. Im old and boring.
He pulled his hand away and moved to get up.
I know youre attracted to me, she said.
Damn shes perceptive! That crazy IQ of hers. Shes too smart for her own good. Adam hesitated on his response. What could he say? Either response was dangerous territory. His only option was to sidestep her comment completely.
I dont do the dating thing. My work doesnt really allow it. The CSA is my life.
She seemed to accept that and he watched her nod in understanding. He glanced at his watch. It was pushing four-thirty. It would be getting dark soon and it wouldnt be safe.
We should get going, he urged her, getting to his feet. He struggled a little. His wound still ached. He tried to hide it, but he saw her notice.
How long will it take to heal? she asked.
A few more days, he estimated.
Have you been stabbed before or anything?
By now, the two of them had started to make their way back to the church where Adam had parked his car.
There have been a few instances.
Classified instances? Abbey joked.
Adam laughed at her witty dig at his speech to her the other night. Yeah.
They reached the car. Adam unlocked it and the car emitted a loud chirp that echoed around the quiet cemetery. Abbey went around to the passenger side.
Before she could open the door she heard footsteps. She eyed the church. Five men emerged from behind it.
Joe, what are you doing here? Adam demanded of an overweight man decked out in camo gear.
I think you know, Commander.
Is this job sanctioned by Jameson or is it yet another one of your rogue ops?
Joe Shriver was one of Carl Jamesons deputies. There were two in total. Joe was a man without a conscience: ruthless and cold. He killed without remorse. In fact, he actually enjoyed it. Hed raped dozens of women and kept many a mistress despite being married. To him, all women were second-class citizens. Joe was infamous in CSA circles for his unsanctioned, unpredictable attacks. He was a rogue, sadistic son of a bitch.
With Jim dead, Jameson figured it would be a perfect time to put you out of the game for a while. Itll give us a bit of a breather.
Abbey bolted forward at the sound of her fathers name, but Adam threw out his arm, blocking her way.
Get in the car.
I can help you, she protested.
Get in the car! Now! Adam yelled, as Joes men stepped forward.
Reluctantly, she obeyed and hurried into the passenger seat. Adam knew she would be safe there. The car was bulletproof, after all.
He gripped the butt of his gun holstered at his hip. Joe and his men moved closer.
I heard Ward gave you a nasty stab wound. Youre not looking too good, Commander. This should be a walk in the park.
That was his name! Typical Joe, not thinking before he spoke. He wasnt a man known for his intelligence. Now hed slipped up once again and actually given Adam the name of Jims murderer. Big mistake!
Suddenly, his men ran at him.
In one swift motion Adam drew his gun, aimed, and fired off a shot, shattering the kneecap of the man closest to him. He went down, roaring in pain and clutching at his destroyed knee. The remaining three rushed at him. Joe looked on with pleasure.
Adam reached for the car door. But it was too late. One of the men tackled him, slamming into his wounded side. The pain was crippling. Shit! He dropped his weapon and clawed at the car door to prevent from falling. Move, dammit! Worry about the pain later!
He pushed his attacker back with both hands. The toe of his boot met the mans solar plexus, winding him and forcing him back. Another kick and he hit the ground.
But there was no time for Adam to recover as the other two rushed at him. He fought to maintain an upper hand, but he couldnt keep up.
Im disappointed, Commander. This is just too easy.
Adam failed to block the jarring punches from his hefty two attackers. Soon he was on his knees, holding his arm before his face in an attempt to minimize some of the damage from the beating he was taking. He was in a completely defensive position.
One of the attackers weaved his fingers into his hair and readied his fist to smash it into his face. The other held him still. Adam couldnt stop it. He braced himself for the impact.
But it never came.
A hand shot out, blocking the punch mere moments before it connected.
Adam looked up to see Abbey standing there. What was she doing? He saw her hand waver, struggling against the mans strength to force back his fist. She couldnt hold it. She wasnt strong enough. She knew it, so she improvised.
She slammed her other fist into his face. A loud crack was heard. Shed broken his nose. Her foot smashed into his ribcage, knocking him off kilter. Before he could respond she launched into a brutal assault of well-executed, powerful kicks. He hit the ground painfully.
Adam watched as she sensed the approach of the second man. He ran at her. She shifted her weight, bent to a ninety-degree angle, and pulled him into her as he approached, forcing him to roll over her back and hit the ground hard. As soon as he hit the ground she was upon him, forcing her heel against his diaphragm to prevent him from getting back up. He writhed in agony as she pushed down harder, cracking a couple of ribs. Her gaze was cold, devoid of emotion.
Adam saw the rage in her eyes.
Lets go, he called, struggling to his feet.
There was no response from her. She turned her unforgiving gaze to Joe. Adam could see what she planned to do. Her anger clouded her judgment. Her grief fueled her fury.
Lets go! Adam yelled, fiercely.
This time she heeded his words. The two of them rushed to the car.
In seconds they were speeding away, leaving Joe behind to grieve over his failure to carry out Jamesons orders.

CHAPTER 6
I told you to stay in the car, Adam rasped as he felt his side, trying to assess the damage, while also trying to maintain his concentration on the road ahead. He felt the wet, stickiness of blood oozing from his wound. A couple of stitches had ripped.
If I had, youd probably be in a coma right now.
You dont understand, Adam cautioned.
You can barely move right now as it is, she persisted.
Stepping in like that means you are now on the Syndicates radar.
Im not afraid.
You should be. You saw what they did to your father.
He had to be harsh to make her understand the seriousness of the situation. She said nothing. His comment about her father seemed to have silenced her.
I cant protect you if you ignore my words of caution, he added, gently.
I dont need you to protect me, Adam. You saw how well I can handle myself.
Youre not as good as you think.
Abbey was stunned by his comment. What?
Adam hesitated. Should he critique her combat skills? He risked driving her away from him if he did, which would make it difficult to protect her. If he didnt, then she might try to take on what she couldnt handle, given all her talk of revenge.
Nothing.
No, say what you were gonna say, she pushed.
All right. If she wanted to know, hed tell her. You fight with raw emotion and allow your passions to control you. You show no sense of strategy or caution. Plus, youre not strong enough. You cant take a hit from a seasoned fighter. Its only by a stroke of luck that you succeed in battle, because you have neither clarity of thought nor the skill to win.
Adams harsh evaluation knocked her for six. She couldnt summon a rebuttal. He let her absorb it. The rest of their journey was made in silence with only the occasional grunt from Adam as he shifted his weight to try to ward off the pain from his aggravated wound.
They reached Abbeys home. The car crawled to a stop just outside her front door. Adam nodded to the security guard on the porch. The guard saluted him and turned his attention back to surveilling the property. Adam turned off the ignition and slumped back into his seat. He was exhausted and consumed by thoughts of how great it would be if he had any frigging painkillers on hand right about now.
Still, he knew he couldnt leave her until he was sure that she would not do anything stupid. He feared that her arrogance and anger over her fathers murder would drive her to exact vengeance on the Syndicate. He already had two of his security guys stuck to her like glue but if she refused to allow them to accompany her about the city as she had been doing, he would have to make her. He didn't want to have to do that.
I want to be part of it, she said suddenly, dashing any hopes he had of her letting it go.
Part of what?
The CSA. The war against the Syndicate.
Absolutely not.
Abbey shifted closer, her sense of urgency building. You could use me despite what you said. You know I have something. Im a natural. I know it. Ive heard it before.
No.
Why are you so against this? You must recruit people all the time. Why not me?
Adam met her imploring gaze. It was consuming. Her eyes willed him to give in, to allow her what she needed most. He had to look away. It was intoxicating. He wouldnt let himself be pulled in by it.
Its not the right path for you, he told her, looking anywhere other than at her.
Who are you to decide that?
That is it! Why wont she relent? Why does she keep pushing it?
Im the guy watching your back. Trust me, joining the CSA will ruin any chance you have of living a normal life...a safe life. You want in so you can take a shot at the Syndicate? You think revenge will ease your pain? You think it will bring you peace? Let me tell you this: it wont. It is not the way. Going down that path will change you. It will take away a part of you that you will never be able to get back. Ever.
Abbey glared at him. Her eyes flashed with ire. Despite his power to assist her, he would not. Angrily, she reached for the door handle. Forget it, she blurted and rushed out of the car. She slammed the door and hurried away to the house.
Adam let her go.
Shit, he breathed.

CHAPTER 7
Carl Jameson stood on a grassy embankment gazing out over the water. Foliage camouflaged the area and five-foot-tall reeds surrounded the circumference of the lake itself, shielding visiting humans and the inhabiting wildlife alike from sight. It was pitch-black and a heavy fog often hung in the air at this time of the night, making it a perfect clandestine locale for his meetings of a more sensitive nature.
He stood, his hands in the pockets of his pants, awaiting the arrival of Joe Shriver. He ran his hand through his full head of thick, gray hair. He wasnt a patient man. He hated waiting for anything and anyone. He was a tall man of slight build, but a strong stature. He didnt look his fifty-five years. He knew how to dress to impress. Even now, dressed casually in black pants and a navy sports jacket, his clothing was top of the line and expensively tailored.
He sensed an approach, shortly followed by clumsy footsteps. It was Joe. A few more seconds elapsed and he smelled the overwhelming scent of his stale, stomach-churning cologne. He wasnt exactly inconspicuous. Things like that were exactly why Joe was never tasked on covert ops.
Carl, Joe greeted.
Tell me you didnt fail, that thats not what Im sensing from you, Carl said with an eerie calm. He could smell Joes fear a mile away.
Joe cleared his throat nervously and said, We did exactly as you ordered and we had him until
Until what? Carl asked, curious as to what sort of pathetic excuse Joe would concoct this time.
Until the girl.
What girl?
Jameson spun to face him, stunned that his explanation was something of substance.
I dunno. Reedes girl, I guess. Looked like he was protecting her. They seemed close.
Impossible! Adam Reede, seeing someone? Theres no way. It had to be business.
Whatever you say, sir. Whoever she is she took down two of my guys in seconds. Shes the reason we didnt succeed. We had him.
Suddenly it clicked. There was only one person it could be.
Abbey Benson. It had to be her.
Jims daughter?
Yeah. It was her at the train station. It has to be her now. Who else would Adam take to protecting so readily than the daughter of his dearest frigging friend?
Makes sense. But I thought she left the city right after the hit?
Carl rubbed the rough stubble on his face. Clearly, we were fed false intel. Goddamn Adam, always on top of his game. Son of a bitch.
Carl, theres something else you need to know. The girl reminded me of someone.
Who?
Walker. She fights almost identically to him. She has the same aggression, that instinct...it was weird.
Joes words drew his attention. The girl reminded him of Rick? To have another like him could cripple their organization.
Walker, huh? Carl remained quiet for a while, pondering the unprecedented situation. Joe didnt interrupt him. He knew better than that. To interrupt his boss while he was thinking could lead to great pain. He waited patiently until Carl finally spoke.
Normally, I dont like waiting to see how things pan out. I prefer to act immediately.
So, you want me to kill her? Just say the word.
No. We do nothing right now.
But you said you dont want to wait, Joe argued, confused.
I said normally. But these circumstances arent normal. Adam will be on high alert, protecting her from us. We wait. When he thinks she is safe, then we strike.
We wait, he repeated to ensure Joe got the message and then he turned abruptly on his heel and strode away coolly. Business was concluded for the moment.
 * * * * *
After dropping Abbey off at home Adam had popped into the ER to get his wound stitched up once again. It had been an in-and-out visit, as his doctor was CSA-sanctioned and she had seen him immediately. She carried out special assignments for injured CSA personnel and made herself available on a moments notice to assist.
He had intended to go home afterward, but he was too riled up after his fight with Abbey. So, instead, he had decided to head to the CSA to work out some of his frustrations at the indoor gun range. He was busy inserting a third magazine into a handgun when he was interrupted.
You okay? a voice came from the door.
Adam kept his gun aimed at the target and fired off another perfect shot into the head of his faux opponent.
Im fine, he snapped. He hated it when people tried to interact with him when he was angry. Very few people had the balls to do so at a gun range.
Rick Walker shut the door behind him and strode further into the room. Over six foot and heavyset, Rick had the body of the boxer that he was. He owned his own boxing gym in the city. At only twenty-nine years old, he had worked for the CSA for four years, immediately impressing Adam with his skill in combat and his passion for their work. A handsome man with a stark black crew cut and striking hazel eyes, it softened his rough appearance a little, suggesting there was a lot more to him than muscles and a wife beater. His conflicted persona definitely made him popular with women.
Im sensing frustration. Girl trouble?
Rick could barely believe he was uttering those words. Adam hadnt been with a woman since hed known him. Could this have suddenly changed? Hed seen him frustrated several times over the years, but this was a different kind of frustration.
Adam shot him a disagreeable look. Not everyones lives revolve around women.
Really? Well, Im sensing woman trouble. I can just tell. I have some experience in that area. If you wanna talk, Im all ears.
Adam lowered his weapon tiredly and turned to Rick and said, I appreciate the concern, but its just been a rough couple of days.
Rick was disheartened that Adam was evading his questions. He wanted him to let him into his inner circle as he had Paul. But Adam kept him at arms length. He just couldnt trust him. It stung. Rick knew the distance between them was a result of a few mistakes hed made over the years. Adams rules were too many for a free spirit like him so every now and then he found himself breaking them.
Is it about the blonde?
Adam was taken aback. How did Rick know about Abbey?
Rick read his expression. Ive seen you around with her.
Goddamn Rick and his nightly walk-abouts. He moves like a ghost! Very few people could detect his presence, not even Adam.
Thats classified.
I dont think you can classify a babe like her. My kind of woman.
Rick, any woman is your type. Nothing is going on.
Then you dont mind if I take a shot?
Rick was pushing him, testing to see if he was telling the truth. Adam knew him well.
I know what youre doing, Rick, he said with a grin.
He returned his gun to the weapons cabinet and headed for the door. As he passed Rick he patted him on the back. Nice try, though.
He chuckled as he walked away down the hall.

CHAPTER 8
Abbey glanced at the piece of paper she held in her hand as she navigated her way through the downtown core. She walked as she read, employing her peripheral vision to prevent herself from walking into anyone on the street.
It had been a week since shed stepped into the fight with the Syndicate. She and Adam had barely spoken. CSA security still guarded her home, protecting her as per his orders. But today shed managed to shake them and slip out unnoticed through her back door which led out to the edge of the forest.
Despite Adams warnings, she wasnt prepared to let it go. The Syndicate had killed her dad, the dearest person in the world to her. It was impossible to just walk away. The memories of that day still haunted her. She didnt need the backing of his agency to do what she was determined to. She just needed training. A little while spent researching the local papers had given her an address of a place that would do well enough. She glanced at the piece of paper again to double check the directions. Just one more block.
She turned down the next street into a narrow alleyway. There, a little further in, she saw what she was looking for. A faded, dilapidated sign hung over the building: R.W. BOXING. Its locale was so well hidden that there was no way she would have found it without directions. Shed asked around during her small excursions to the city center to purchase some basic groceries and she had found out quite a bit about R.W. BOXING. It had a shady reputation; an all-male boxing gym with a clientele that was rough, sleazy, and dangerous. Very few people dared to venture inside and many had warned her to stay away. Strangely, those shed spoken to had refused to disclose any information about the gym owner. It appeared they were afraid.
She approached the door and tried the handle. It wasnt locked. It opened with an awful, grating screech. She cautiously stepped inside.
There was no lobby, no reception desk, or anything. The door opened right onto the gym floor. Immediately, a cacophony of activity flooded her senses. The repetitive thuds of fists upon heavy-duty punching bags, drill-sergeant-like shouts from the trainers, and loud, obnoxious conversations from several men standing on the sidelines taking a breather made up the atmosphere in the room.
As she walked further in trying to locate the owner, her senses screamed at her. Seconds later a large hand gripped the shoulder of her tan leather biker jacket. She spun around fast, breaking his grip.
Hey, sweet thing. This aint no place for a babe like you, a steroid-abusing, hulking figure of a man spoke to her.
Abbey ignored him and turned away. But then his hand slapped her ass. Big mistake!
Reacting instantly, she spun around and swung a left hook into his chin. A right uppercut. Another left hook. He wavered on his feet and she used the opportunity to sweep the heel of her three-inch biker boots into the back of his leg...once...twice...three times. He went down, crashing onto the concrete floor below.
Dont ever touch me! she spat, thrusting the metal toe of her boot into his ribs for emphasis before she walked away.
Seconds later, she became acutely aware that the room had fallen into stark silence. She looked out into the faces of a few dozen stunned men.
Come with me, someone spoke from the crowd. Quickly she located the voice. A strikingly attractive man glared at her. He signaled for her to follow him. She hesitated.
Rick Walker. Owner, he called to her.
Rick eyed her, scrutinizing her as he waited for her response. Shes the girl that Adam has been hanging with lately. What is she doing here? More importantly, how frigging hot is she? Wow!
He watched her respond with a smile and she started to follow him across the floor to the staircase at the rear of the room. It led up to a mezzanine level that protruded out over the gym floor. An acoustically sealed glass wall faced the gym, enabling Rick to keep any eye on what was going on even when he was bogged down with paperwork or meetings in his office. A locked door stood on the far right adjacent to the glass wall, which led to his modest-sized one-bedroom apartment. At the far end of his apartment there was a fire-escape entrance from the street, which gave him flexibility of access should he not wish to go through the gym to leave his home.
Eyes stared at Abbey as she walked behind Rick. Strangely, they were not stares of anger over the fact that shed just taken out one of their buddies. Instead, they looked upon with admiration and awe. They were impressed. A couple even nodded respectfully at her.
They reached the office and Rick stepped aside to let her in ahead of him. His eyes fell to her ass-hugging, boot cut jeans. He could see why one of the guys had accosted her. She was a frigging blonde bombshell. He forced himself to look away before she saw him.
He closed the door and walked around to his desk to take a seat opposite her. Several boxing trophies adorned shelves on the far wall. His huge, antique, mahogany desk was the defining feature of the room, taking up two-thirds of its space. Two oversized brown leather chairs sat opposite, with Abbey now having taken a seat in the one closest.
He slapped my ass, Abbey said in her defense as Rick took his seat and eyed her intensely without saying a word.
Rick was consumed by his own thoughts. He was thrown off his game as he fought to push past her alluring beauty and get to business. She was gorgeous and her body was a testament to perfection. She wore a form-fitting, low-cut cream tank top that forced her full, supple breasts into focus. A leather biker jacket completed the look. Rick was a sucker for women in leather. Her ocean blue eyes were enthralling, making it near impossible for him to break eye contact. And her lips were a temptation in themselves. Every mans dream. Hell yeah. No wonder Adam had been in such a state the other night. Rick had had no idea. He had only ever seen her from a distance.
I dont care about that. Chalk it up to karma. The guys an ass, he finally spoke.
She smiled at him and he felt his body stir in response. Shit, pull yourself together!
Your name? he choked out.
Abbey.
Abbey?
Just Abbey.
He smiled and chose not to press for her full name. She was clearly protecting her identity for some reason. It piqued his curiosity.
So, what brings you here? he asked, managing to summon a business-like tone.
I want you to train me.
Rick was struck by her directness. Straight to the point. No small talk. And forceful. Nice.
Im flattered, but it seems like you already know what youre doing.
How can you tell from a brief scuffle? she challenged.
Intuition, he said with a grin.
I know enough to get by, but thats it. I need to know more, she pressed, finding herself becoming impatient from his incessant questions. Did he want a new client or not?
Rick was intrigued. She was determined that he train her. The question was why? It clearly wasnt for leisure, a hobby. There was a definite purpose behind it.
Why?
Abbey shifted her weight in her chair and broke eye contact before she said, Theres just something I have to do. She spoke in a noticeably somber tone.
To Rick, her words screamed vigilantism. It was something that he was forbidden to assist anyone with. Part of his agreement as a CSA operative was to discourage any behavior like that and given that he owned a boxing gym, he was particularly likely to encounter people intent on training for such a thing. As so, the agreement that bound him was even more severe.
This is only a boxing gym, Abbey, he said in an effort to discourage her.
I know the reputation of this place, Mr. Walker.
Rick smiled slyly. And you still came here. Brave, arent you?
Brave implies that I was afraid to begin with. I wasnt.
Nice. Very nice, baby. Really? he challenged with a sly grin.
She leaned forward and met his grin. He was trying to play with her and she didnt like it. It was disrespectful. No man was gonna get the better of her, not even this guy, no matter how notorious his reputation was. As she leaned forward across his desk she watched his eyes travel to her cleavage. She had the upper hand back. She lowered her voice to a husky whisper and said, It takes a lot more than one man to scare me.
Rick locked eyes with her, spurred on by the challenge in her tone. He found himself leaning closer, deterred only by the desk in front of him. Her ruthless attitude, her arrogance and her directness was turning him on. He struggled to control himself. He wanted her.
Call me Rick, was all he said.
He forced himself to break eye contact. Damn, its a hundred degrees in here. He unzipped his track jacket and hung it on the back of his desk chair so that he was just wearing a black wife beater. He felt the relief immediately. He took a deep breath and turned back to her, What do you think I can teach you? I know what Id like to teach you.
Strength, strategy, and discipline: the fundamentals for any great fighter.
Rick could hear Adams voice in his head reprimanding him, ordering him to stay away from her. From his talk with him the other night he already knew she was off-limits. In fact, all information concerning her was classified. He would be going against his Commanders orders, albeit unofficial orders, to take her on as a client.
Well? Will you train me? she pressed when he made no response.
I cant.
She was surprised at his refusal. He had seemed interestedmore than interestedin taking her on as a client.
I see. Well, I guess this concludes our meeting then, she said, rising to her feet.
Rick watched as she headed for the door. He hesitated. He never hesitated. God, what the hell is it about her? What is going on? He couldnt let her just walk out of his office like that. He might never see her again. Besides, Adam hadnt officially ordered him to stay away. And, he didnt know for sure that she was on a vigilante mission. How could he possibly know that?
He made his move. He rushed after her. Before she could open the door he slapped both his hands against it, holding it closed.
She spun around in surprise from his sudden movement. Her body brushed against his because he was standing so close to her. She could feel the heat from his skin. She could smell his cologne.
Wait, he breathed.
Step back, she choked out, trying to hide her intense arousal from his close proximity.
Rick found himself hesitating once again. He had never been this close to a woman and been asked to move away before. He studied her eyes, her body language. She was really tense. And that was when it hit him. She was innocent, completely innocent.
Sorry, sure, he said, moving back.
She let out a breath and folded her arms across her chest and said, So, you wanted me to wait?
Maybe we can work something out.
He watched as she reached into the inside pocket of her jacket and withdrew a small piece of paper. She handed it to him. He stepped back and read the chicken scratch on it. It was a phone number.
Okay then. Call me, she told him.
With that, she opened the door and walked out.
Rick watched her walk away. As she reached the bottom of the staircase his senses screamed at him. He followed the feeling and caught sight of Hal, the guy she had decked earlier, about to take a hit at her. He stood in her blind spot. There was no way she could see him. But before he could even consider helping her out, he watched her spin around at the last second, 180-degrees, and grab his fist in mid-air. Unbelievable.
She had it, just like he did! The instinct. There was no way she could have stopped Hals attack without it. That was why he was so drawn to her!
One of his employees hurried up the steps, ready to discuss the hot girl his boss had just had in his office.
Shut up. I need to take a shower, Rick said, holding up his hand.
Before the man could say anything, Rick headed through his office and opened the door to his apartment, slamming it behind him.

CHAPTER 9
Adam strode towards the entrance of Ricks gym. He was decked out in full tactical gear with two handguns holstered at each thigh. And, he was pissed.
As he approached the entrance he noticed four thugs, clients of Ricks, in the middle of some sort of illegal deal beside the door. As soon as they saw him they hurried away. They were well aware of who he was.
He barged in to the gym floor. It was late, well after hours, so he didnt expect to see anyone still working out. But he was wrong. There, in the middle of the gym floor, he saw Rick. What he was doing shocked him.
I said hit me! Rick yelled at a woman in gray sweatpants and a matching sports bra.
I just did! she yelled back.
You call that a hit? This is a hit, he yelled and socked her hard in the stomach. The impact was brutal and forced her to her knees. She threw out her hands to stop herself from hitting the floor completely.
That wasnt even full strength, Ab. You cant take that, you sure as hell wont be able to take the real thing, he yelled, egging her on. You call yourself a fighter? Come on. Get up. Hit me!
Suddenly, she sprung forward and threw a wide right hook into the side of his face. Ricks head snapped to the side, but he didnt lose his balance. It was a strong hit. But not strong enough.
Thats it? Thats the best you got? No wonder I dont train women. Youre not strong enough, he told her, trying to rile her up in an attempt to get at the heart of her anger. He knew she had the power in her. He just needed to find a way to draw it out.
Another hit came at him. This time her fist came at the side of his face like a block of cement. This time it hurt. The force behind it caused him to stumble back into a punching bag hanging from the ceiling. He gripped it for support and cupped his cheek. He turned back to her. She smiled at him.
Okay, that was better, he said and grinned.
All of a sudden he sensed another presence in the room. He followed the feeling and his eyes fell on Adam standing a few feet away near the entrance, his arms folded in disapproval. His fiery gaze burned right through Rick. He was pissed. Shit! This aint gonna be pretty.
Commander.
Abbey turned around to see Adam standing at the entrance watching them. He did not look happy.
Adam, she greeted.
Abbey, he greeted her politely. Lets talk, he called to Rick and strode towards the office.
Without arguing Rick complied and followed him.
Abbey watched as the two of them walked inside the office, shut the door, and began shouting at one another. The argument appeared to be extremely heated, especially on Adams side, with loud, angry hand gestures and lots of finger pointing.
Inside the office, that was exactly what was happening.
What are you doing? Adam yelled.
My job.
Your job? Really?
Yes. This is my other occupation, in case it slipped your mind.
Adam exhaled deeply. He felt like he was talking to a damned wall.
Is that why you came down here? Youve been spying on me? Checking my clientele?
No. The reason I came here was to find out why youd skipped our last two briefings. You're leading the reconnaissance mission tonight. This is crucial to our ongoing operation to sever the Syndicate's links to its external suppliers.
I know.
In a few weeks, their major suppliers will be convening at the abandoned City HallSyndicate territory. I need you to be on this, Rick. Your reconnaissance has to be perfect because we can't afford any mistakes when we go in. We can take them all out in one shot.
Adam, we both know I can do it well enough without. Its instinct.
Thats not how we do things at the CSA. It sets a bad precedent. A mission leader needs to show up, Rick.
Okay, okay. Im sorry.
It wont happen again?
You have my word.
Ill hold you to it. Consider this a formal warning.
All right, then. Is that everything? Rick asked, knowing that it wasnt, but hoping that somehow it would be.
How long have you been training her?
A few weeks.
You cant keep her on as client, Rick.
Why not?
Im ordering you to keep away from her. Just accept it.
She has the instinct. Just like me.
I know.
Why didnt you mention anything about it?
It wasnt of consequence.
Ricks eyes narrowed curiously at Adam. It wasnt of consequence? It has the potential to shift the balance of power between us and the Syndicate. To have two of us with that ability in the agencyit could change everything.
Adam shook his head and said, Im not recruiting her.
Why the hell not?
I dont want her brought into this life.
Rick scoffed, She was made for this life.
Im ordering you to stop training her. Thats my final word on the subject.
It scares you, doesnt it? Rick said, stepping closer to him. Having another like me in the agency? Youre afraid you wouldnt be able to control it, to rein us in.
Rick, Adam warned.
Rick saw Adam glance at Abbey briefly. He saw a look in his eye. He smiled with realization and said, Youre jealous.
What?
Youre jealous. Were drawn to one another. Its an innate, animal attraction. Its undeniable. Its powerful. You cant compete with it and you know it. It bothers you.
No, this is about you training a woman who is propelled by rage, hate, and revenge. We cannot afford to have a trained vigilante on the streets. It would compromise our operations.
You dont know thats whats going to happen, Adam.
Thats just it: I do. You are giving her the tools to do a lot of damage. You continuing to train her is undermining me and the CSA. I cannot allow it, Rick. Do you understand?
Rick didnt have any ground to stand on. He couldnt deny that Adam was right. He knew it too. Hed sensed it when hed first met with her. Adam was spot on. As usual.
All right, he conceded.
Good, Adam said, heading for the door.
Ill stop training her, but thats all, Rick added.
Adam stopped short, his blood starting to boil once again. Rick was telling him he would make a move on her.
Keep away from her in all senses, Rick.
Is she under CSA protection or something, Adam? Rick asked, sensing there was a great deal going on beneath the surface that he didnt know about.
No. Mine.
He stormed out of the office. Halfway down the steps he remembered something and turned back. I saw her car parked a couple of blocks away. Make sure you walk her there. This neighborhood isnt safe after dark.
Rick nodded and said, See you at the HQ in a couple of hours.
Adam smiled. Finally, Rick was following his orders. He continued down the steps and made his way across the gym floor.
Stay out of trouble, he told Abbey, amicably, before walking out.
 * * * * *
What was that all about? Abbey asked Rick as he approached.
Just some business that has Adam all riled up. Hell calm down.
Really? Seemed like he was pretty angry at you.
Rick started to remove his boxing gloves. Yeah, well. Thats nothing new. We dont always see eye to eye.
At the CSA? Abbey asked.
Rick smiled. She was good. Too good.
Yeah, at the CSA.
Abbey was rather irked that Rick hadnt mentioned anything about he and Adam knowing each other in all the time theyd spent training together over the last few weeks. She understood why he hadnt mentioned the CSA, but he could have mentioned something about Adam. Clearly, if he knew Adam he would have known that she knew Adam too. It was just incredibly awkward now.
I cant train you anymore, Rick announced suddenly without making eye contact.
Orders from the boss? she asked, trying to lighten the situation.
Maybe something like that, Rick responded with a bittersweet smile.
A heated glance passed between them and neither looked away for a few moments.
Okay. I should probably go, Abbey finally said.
She walked over to the coat hooks by the door to grab her hoodie.
Ill walk you to your car.
He was right behind her. She could feel him. She grabbed her hoodie off the hook and turned around. He stood before her, blocking her path. Her pulse quickened. Her body warmed, aroused at his close proximity. She considered moving away, but something stopped her.
Rick reached out and ran his hand softly along her arm. Her skin was so soft, so warm to his touch. Oh God. He gulped, overcome by the heat between them, trying to fight his not-so-nice urges that he normally reacted on immediately with other women. Abbey was different. She was softer. Sweeter. Innocent. He had to take his time. But he wanted her so badly.
Overcome, he gripped her arms suddenly and forced her against the wall. His lips met hers. She responded and their kiss grew into a ferocious passion, completely consuming them.
Before Abbey knew it Ricks hands were all over her. His experienced touch groped her cheek...her neck...her arms...her breasts...her hips. She could barely think from the over-stimulation. Her body was on fire. She had never felt anything so intense in her life.
But it was wrong.
Stop, she gasped, suddenly pushing him away.
What? he asked, stumbling back.
This is...you are...I...I cant do this, she struggled, running her fingers through her hair, exasperated.
Im what? Too rough for you?
Dark, Abbey said.
Rick approached her. Abbey stepped back.
Dont you see? Were the same, Abbey.
Abbey held out her hand and stepped around him, backing away towards the door.
No. Youre wrong, she told him, vehemently.
She grabbed her hoodie off the floor and rushed out the door. It was so sudden that Rick didnt even have the chance to react.
 * * * * *
Outside it had started to rain. Abbey zipped up her hoodie and walked quickly to get out of the rain as fast as possible. By the time she reached her car she was drenched.
As she fumbled for her keys she felt a presence. She couldnt hear anything because the rain thundered on the ground, drowning out everything.
She spun around, right into a large fist. It slammed into her cheek. It was so powerful and unexpected that she went down. Breaking her fall with her hands, she plunged into a wrist-deep, muddy puddle.
You know how hard it was to live down what you did to me? a male voice growled.
Abbey craned her neck to discover the identity of her attacker. It was the guy shed decked her first time at the gym. Hal, the ass grabber. He wasnt alone. Another man stood beside him. Abbey didnt recognize him; probably one of his sleazy buddies.
Youre an idiot, she threw at him as she climbed to her feet.
Her pants were now completely sodden from the puddle. Her hands were cold and muddy. She was already pissed and this guy was threatening to push her over the edge.
Shut up! his buddy yelled at her. He took a threatening step towards her. Abbey didnt move a muscle. She wasnt afraid.
I still cant believe Rick let a woman into his gym. And, immediately you became the whole damn focus. You embarrassed me in front of all the guys there. I cant let you get away with that. You need to be taught your place. Women dont belong, Hal told her.
You should walk away now, Abbey warned them.
She was losing her temper with every second that Hal continued to speak. She was irate already at Adam and Rick. And, now, this piece of trash stood in her way.
And why is that? Hal questioned.
Because Im angry.
Hal laughed, amused at the small woman threatening him. It was absurd.
Payback, baby, he growled.
He swung another powerful fist at her. But this time she was ready. She blocked his hit, gripping his fist in her hand so tightly that she felt a crack in his knuckles. She smashed her knee up into his extended arm. It connected brutally, snapping a bone in his forearm. He screamed and cowered backwards. At the same time she sensed his buddy approaching her from behind. She threw her leg back, forcing him away. He was determined and ran at her. She waited for his impact. As soon as he hit she used his weight and the momentum to propel him over her shoulder onto the sodden ground.
You bitch! Hal roared, as he suddenly ran at her, his injured arm drooping by his side. As he neared her, Abbey executed a flying kick that socked him in the chest. It winded him, but it wasnt enough. She landed perfectly and round-housed him, spun, and side-kicked him until he reeled on the ground, whimpering for her to back off.
His buddy was starting to recover. Abbey hurried over to him. Stay down! she yelled.
She straddled him, using her weight to keep him on the ground. A couple of fists to the temple and he was out. A powerful feeling gripped her. She wanted to finish it. She wanted to end himboth of them. She knew she had the power to do it. She knew it was wrong. But the hesitation was there. She had power now that she had never had before.
She smiled as realization hit her. She could take on the Syndicate.
Im ready, she whispered to herself.
She took a deep breath and climbed off the man. She headed back to her car and drove away. There was much to plan.
Abbey! a voice shot through the night.
But it was too late. She was already too far away. Rick had heard the commotion and come to assist, but as he looked down at the barely conscious bodies on the ground he saw he neednt have bothered. Holy shit!
Recognizing one of the whimpering men as Hal, he approached him and knelt down beside him.
Rick.... Hal pleaded, assuming he had come to help him.
You go after her again and I will kill you.
He stood up, turned his back, and walked back to the gym.

CHAPTER 10
Located in the corner at the end of the second floor corridor, Adams office wasnt any larger than the other offices of the Executive Floor. Adam was against such notoriety. Neither was he one for pretentious decor. He favored functionality. His work demanded it of him.
A huge redwood desk was situated in the center of the room, its girth taking up most of the real estate. Behind it, matching bookcases ran the entire length of the back wall containing reference books, books on military strategy, and all CSA files that were not confidential.
Several filing cabinets were off to the left side of the room. All of them were securely locked with a padlock that required a six-digit access code combination. They contained employee files, operation files, and CSA archives dating back twenty years.
In his top desk drawer he always kept a carton of cigarettes and an ashtray handy. Smoking was prohibited in the building, but, as Commander, he could occasionally bend the rules when it was necessary.
There were no personal effects anywhere in his office. It was completely devoid of personality: no artwork, no photos, no hint whatsoever of who he was. It was the way he wanted it.
Adam sat at his desk, going over some paperwork for Project Illumination. It called for an overhaul of CSA surveillance cameras installed at specific sites throughout the city, along with the installation of dozens more. It was his initiative. His intention was to shed better light on Syndicate activity around the city twenty-four-seven.
Along with its nightly patrols, the CSA was constantly working on projects and operations against the Syndicate. Every one of these offensives moved them one step further on the road to destroying the monster. The Syndicate was so well connected, so deeply entrenched in the city that the CSA had to be relentless. Its strikes had to be ongoing, just to hold them back.
Since Adam had taken command eight years ago he had pushed through a more aggressive approach than Jim ever had. The Circle had been reluctant and they still were. They favored a more reactive, defensive approach. But Adam wasn't content with that. He didn't just want to hold back the monster. He wanted to destroy it.
He was finalizing the strategics of Project Illumination when his phone rang. Commander Reede.
Commander, I have two individuals here insisting to meet with you immediately. Government.
It was Charlie from the security desk. Hed been doing his job for years and he was very good at it. If he was calling Adam directly it meant the guests wouldnt take no for an answer and they had a great deal of pull.
Names?
Inspectors Wes Campbell and Barry Stone.
Thanks. Send them up. Make sure they have an escort.
Will do.
The last thing the CSA needed was two unescorted inspectors sniffing about the building. Adam hurriedly cleared all his papers and hid them in his desk drawer for the time being, until the detectives left.
Moments later there was a knock at the door.
He walked to the door and greeted the two detectives, ushering them politely into his office. They both looked as though they were barely old enough to shave let alone hold a position of authority within the government.
They made swift introductions and Adam learned that, although their suits were identical in almost every way, Wes was the one wearing the chrome color whilst Barry wore the ebony suit. Life-changing information worth discussing.
He took a seat behind his desk and gestured for the two of them to take a seat.
So, what brings you here, gentlemen?
Commander Reede, were here to inform you that the Civilian Security Agency is currently under review, Wes spoke with the authority of a man twice his age, which made him appear a little ridiculous.
Shit, why didnt I take a smoke break before they showed up?
Interesting.
Interesting, Commander? Id say its a lot more than that. Do you have any idea how serious this is? Wes spoke again. Clearly the dominant of the two.
If I put myself in your world, then, yes, yes I do.
Wes and Barry exchanged a look of surprise at Adams clever, underhanded insult. He was even more formidable than they had been warned about. They knew his IQ was off the charts and he was a great strategist, but his amicable front for the first few minutes had unsettled them both and thrown all those warnings to the wayside. They werent sure how to respond effectively.
Instead, they decided to blow past it entirely.
We have numerous incriminating tip-offs implicating the CSA in assassinations, bombings, property damage, and collateral damage. Reports also suggest that you are in possession of a stockpile of illegal, unlicensed weapons.
Adam sighed inwardly. It was extremely bad timing for the CSA to be facing a government investigation into its operations. In a couple of weeks, Field Ops would carry out a planned assassination of half a dozen Syndicate partners. Despite the complications government interference would pose in carrying out the mission, Adam was not willing to abort it. The agency had invested too much time into it. The gains far outweighed the risks. In one shot, the CSA would sever Carl Jamesons connection to his external suppliers, leaving him solely with internal partners in the city, of which there were very few. It would cripple Syndicate business.
This is Syndicate propaganda, Detectives.
Regardless, Commander, we have to investigate.
Am I hearing you correctly? The government is investigating claims against my agency generated by the criminal organization that is the very reason we have to do what we do in the first place?
Wes and Barry exchanged an awkward glance.
Well? Adam pressed.
Um...yes...in a way...but that is not the point, Barry finally spoke.
Do you have any idea how ridiculous this sounds?
Commander, we respect the CSA and all the work it has done to maintain the safety of the civilians in this city. However, it is the way in which you achieve this that is being called into question.
Gentlemen, have you ever operated under wartime circumstances?
He watched both men shake their heads and then he continued, That is how I operate. That is how I run this organization, how it has always been run. This city is at war with the Syndicate. There is no time for bureaucracy or people will die. I cannot wait weeks to push through a bunch of papers to authorize a morally compromising action or operation. I have to do it ASAP. This is why the Syndicate does not run this city. This is why they fear us. It is why we have succeeded time and time again and why we will continue to do so. We are at war, gentlemen. This isnt basic training. Its the real deal.
His agitation mounting, Adam stood up and walked to the door. I think were done here, he said, opening the door and gesturing for them to leave.
Commander, regardless of your explanations, the CSA is under investigation. You are ordered to cooperate when the time comes. You will receive a call with the commencement date of the inspection in the coming weeks. You are not to leave the country or to travel beyond the city borders unless for expressed work purposes, Wes said, handing Adam a document.
Adam glanced at it. It was the equivalent of a subpoena.
Youre subpoenaing me? Is this a joke? Adam growled, eyeing them with fury.
No joke. We cant leave until you sign, Wes told him.
Of course, you have no choice other than facing immediate arrest, Barry added.
Adam glared at them. This is not over! He scribbled his signature onto the document and shoved it back at them. You have fifteen seconds to leave the premises.
At his word the two of them scurried away. Adam walked back into his office and dialed quickly. Tony, Im smoking in the building. Take the necessary measures, he spoke while withdrawing a smoke from his cargo jacket pocket.
Again? Im on it, Adam, Tony spoke.
Tony Hart was the Director of CSA Security and Surveillance. Barely over five-foot tall, he was a small, plump man with spiky black hair and a face that was never without rough stubble. He wore the same clothes every day: jeans and an oversized, black t-shirt. He was a genius. He controlled the entire operation of anything technological throughout the HQ as well as all surveillance equipment throughout the city. Outside of Paul, Tony was Adams most trusted member of staff.
Adam headed down the hall to Pauls office. He knocked once and then opened the door. Paul looked up from what he was doing to see Adam staring at him, a look of concern blanketing his face.
Smoking in the building again? he said, seeing a cigarette hanging from Adams lips.
Adam took a drag of his smoke and said, We have a serious problem.
He closed the door and walked further into the room.

CHAPTER 11
Give us another round, an overweight thug yelled from a booth in the corner of a downtown pub.
He was accompanied by three others. Syndicate employees. A couple of hours ago, theyd barged into the pub, scaring away the city folk patrons with gunfire and violence.
Theres no more, the barkeep rasped, his voice trembling.
The overweight thug approached him. He brandished a knife. He looked back at his buddies and they all roared with drunken laughter.
What? the thug thundered, leaning over the bar and pointing his knife at the barkeep.
I only have hard liquor left. This is only a small bar, he explained, his fearful eyes riveted on the knife.
Then I guess we dont need you any more, right?
He leaned in towards him and grabbed him by his hair, pulling him closer to the knife. How would you like your makeover?
The barkeeps eyes widened. He whimpered. He struggled against the thugs strong grip.
But suddenly, the thugs grip slackened and he screamed in pain.
The barkeep pulled himself free and saw the culprit. A knife had impaled the thugs hand. It held him fast against the bar. He writhed in agony.
All eyes turned to the door.
A young woman stood smiling coldly.
Her hair was as black as her outfit. Dressed in leather pants and a form-fitting leather jacket, she spun another knife around in her gloved hands. The gloves were weapons in themselves, with brass knuckles embedded into the material. She was ready for war.
I heard a bunch of you liked to hang out here after a hard day of killing and maiming.
She strode further into the pub and approached the thug whose hand shed impaled and said, Nothing you didnt have coming, Im sure youll agree.
You bitch. Ill kill you for this!
She leaned into him and whispered, Will you? Without warning, she gripped the knife and yanked it out roughly. The man roared in excruciating pain and collapsed to the floor, clutching his hand to stop the excessive bleeding.
She turned to the three thugs in the corner. Come on, boys, she dared them.
They ran at her.
Abbey Benson smiled. She was looking forward to this.
 * * * * *
Adam stood smoking in the underground parking lot. He glanced at his watch. Ten minutes left until tonights pre-patrol briefing.
He watched two of his oldest and most experienced agents approach. Greg Jansen and Luther Garrison had been with the CSA since its inception. Both were huge ex-military men who Jim had recruited personally into the agency at the beginning. The two of them were the only agents on staff who knew of Jims connection to the CSA. Paul Cooke and Tony Hart knew there was a connection, but they were not privy to the fact that Jim was the founding father of the agency. Adam didnt even like the fact that Greg and Luther were aware. He believed that the fewer people who knew the better.
Cigarettes with kill ya, Luther called out as they approached.
Yeah, cuz the work we do wont do that first, Greg said, defending Adams bad habit.
At least Im not drinking, Adam said.
Touch, Luther agreed. He was a notoriously heavy drinker when off duty. Somehow, though, he never had a hangover. It was probably something to do with his six-foot, two-hundred-and-sixty-pound build.
Greg glanced at his watch and turned to Luther and said, Eight minutes til briefing. Lets give Adam some peace before all hell breaks loose.
The two of them nodded to Adam and headed inside.
Adam reached for his right ear. Attached to it was an earpiece COMM link that transmitted directly to Paul. He tapped a button at the top and said, Paul, has Walker shown up yet? I havent seen him my end.
Negative. Hes a no-show so far. You want me to call him?
Adam sighed. No. He knows what time we start. Ill be in in five.
Okay.
With that the line disconnected.
He was completely blindsided by another one of his agents who always appeared to come out of nowhere. Before he even had the chance to sense her presence she stood in front of him. Rachel Britton.
Did that asshole show up yet? she asked.
Adam knew Rachel was referring to Rick. Rachel was tough and harsh by nature, a hardcore rocker with striking lilac hair, but no one knew why she had it in for Rick lately. Of course, rumors ran rampant that something had been going on between them and it had ended badly. Adam didnt care for the details, but what he did care about was that his agents got along. In their line of work, they needed to look out for one another, to be able to trust and depend on one another, especially out in the field.
Not yet.
Rachel scoffed at Ricks inability to show up on time.
Rachel, keep this personal issue you have with Rick out of the CSA. I dont even want to sense bad blood between the two of you. Is that clear?
Sorry, Commander. Yes, I understand.
I will speak to Rick as well, Adam offered.
Adam knew that if he didnt, Rick would continue to give her grief, believing it to be all in good fun. The problem was, Ricks idea of fun was often a little twisted and not on par with everyone elses.
Two more agents bounded up, young and full of energy: Dante Roma and Lexie Pattison. They greeted Adam and then hurried over to Rachel, who was almost at the parking lot elevator. The two of them were young, only twenty-two years of age and full of life. Their presence always boosted morale no matter what was going on at the CSA at the time. Dante reminded Adam of a younger version of Rick, but with his morals intact. He was a bit of a rambunctious playboy. His latest squeeze was rumored to be Lexie, his kindred spirit.
Is Brad on his way? Adam called out to Dante.
Brad Nelson was Dantes roommate and, outside of Adam, he possessed an IQ greater than any one of his agents. He was a quiet individual, especially when compared to Dante, but he was constantly absorbing everything going on around him. He had a lot to learn in regards to combat, but his intelligence was a huge asset, so Adam wanted him in the Field Operations Division. It just meant that he was always paired with Adams best combatants on every mission.
Hes on his way, distracted by some computer project of his, Dante told Adam.
Adam nodded. He watched the elevator close on the three of them and he turned back around to enjoy what was left of his smoke.
A couple of drags later and he made his way towards the elevator. The door was about to close when a hand grabbed it, preventing it from closing. Adam knew who it was. There was only one person who had the strength to stop the heavy titanium elevator doors from closing: Ty Fuller. Forty-three-year-old Ty was a huge, muscle-bound, ex-bodybuilder. He was a simple man, but an amazing field agent. He was a natural combatant who seemed to have been born without the fear gene.
Oh, Commander, I didnt realize you were in here. Sorry.
Adam smiled. Its fine, Ty, he said as he pushed the button for the basement floor.
The CSA consisted of four floors: two above ground and two below. The second floor housed the Executive Offices, including Adams, Pauls, and several on reserve in case members of the Circle paid a visit to CSA Headquarters. The first floor was the home to the main hub of CSA activity. The layout was not unlike a typical office floor. There were a series of desks and cubicles: thirty-six to be exact, four to a row, split by a wide aisle that led to a large podium at the back of the floor. It was where Adam or Paul conducted their weekly presentations to the desk staff regarding new objectives or current progress of their ongoing missions. At the front of the office just before the cubicles was a narrow corridor that stretched to the left, which housed the offices of the Tech Department. The third level, aka the basement level, was the home to the Field Operations Division. All CSA agents passed through there. It stored the CSAs largest supply of arms and field operations equipment. All field agent briefings were conducted there along with all mission prep. Below this was a highly secure sub-basement level known as the holding area for all arrested Syndicate personnel. They were held there for questioning before being transported to the CTF for long-term imprisonment.
The elevator arrived at its destination. Adam gestured for Ty to go on ahead of him. Ty smiled and hurried to the briefing room down the corridor to the left. A corridor to the right led to the armory. Straight ahead was the mission prep area, which backed on to a workout area and the indoor gun range.
Adam took a left towards the briefing room. As he neared it he saw Paul talking to Alex Yates outside. At eighteen, Alex was their youngest and newest agent. Paul was tasked with coaching her and acclimatizing her to the agency. Alex was timid and nervous in social situations, but amazing in combat.
Dont worry. Im partnering you with Gordon tonight, Adam heard Paul tell her.
Alex smiled, relieved.
Adam realized that she was relieved because Gordon Haines wasnt a social creature by any stretch of the imagination. In fact, he hated chitchat, finding it pointless and a waste of time. He was an experienced field agent, ex-military, and double Alexs age. He knew what he was doing.
Adam watched as Alex headed into the briefing room.
Who did you partner her with last time? he asked, approaching Paul.
Conrad.
Paul!
I was trying to bring her out of her shell a little.
More like, throwing her into the thick of it.
Conrad Kennedy was a loud, outgoing, bubbly individual. Unlike many of the others, he was obsessed with dressing to the nines and always making a great impression on everyone he met. He never stopped talking on patrol. But he was an excellent fighter. He moved with great agility courtesy of his gymnastics background. It also meant he had an aptitude for learning any fighting style with great ease.
Paul, Im going on patrol tonight.
You want me to stay behind and run it from base instead of you?
Yeah. Partner me with Rick.
Paul nodded, realizing that Adam would use the opportunity to deal with Ricks behavioral issues of late.
Okay. Will do. Bring him back alive, though. I need him on the team.
I cant make any promises, Adam joked.
The two of them headed into the briefing room. A huge, cherry wood, oval boardroom table filled the room. Fourteen oversized leather executive chairs surrounded it. A couple of wireless conference devices rested upon the table to facilitate conference calls. A projector screen was embedded in the wall just above a white board at the front of the room. A top-of-the-line projector protruded from the ceiling over the boardroom table. The room was devoid of artwork. The closest things to it were the maps of the city and Syndicate strongholds lining the walls. It was sterile and devoid of sentiment.
Adam glanced around the room. Eleven agents were there. All accounted for aside from the twelfth: Rick Walker.
Paul took a seat at the front of the table.
Adam spoke a few pleasant words of greeting to his agents and then got down to business, Tonight is a standard patrol. Three-hour, six-sector sweep in pairs. For those of you assigned to heavily populated areas, talk to the city folk and see if they have witnessed any Syndicate disturbances. If so, report in to Paul and Tony immediately. Same goes for arrests. As always, respect the rules of engagement. Do not react until the enemy makes a move. Use your head, as well as your instincts.
Commander, you wont be the contact tonight? Gordon asked.
No, Ill be joining the patrol tonight with Rick.
The agents exchanged amused glances. Rick was in serious trouble.
Paul handed Adam a piece of paper with the pairings for tonight, which the two of them had worked out together a few hours prior.
Ty and Rachel. Youll take the docks tonight. Any activity needs to be reported. We all know the Syndicates penchant for attempting to bring in disguised shipments of weapons from this point.
You got it, Rachel assured him.
Dante and Lexie, along with Conrad and Brad. You will take the industrial district. Its a vast area. Youll need four of you.
Dante nodded.
Alex, youll be with Gordon. Suburbia. Outskirts of town. The point of entry for new Syndicate recruits.
Sure, boss, Gordon confirmed.
Greg and Luther. I want you guys uptown. Rick and I will take the downtown core.
Adam glanced at his watch. We have ten minutes to prep, then we move out. Keep your COMM links active while youre in the field.

CHAPTER 12
Rick strode towards the mens prep area. His hand was on the door handle when a voice called, So, finally you decided to show.
Rachel. Shit.
Rick turned around calmly and eyed her.
Avoiding me, Rick?
He smiled and said, Why would I do that, Rach?
I dunno. Shame?
Ricks smile grew. Im not ashamed. What happened happened. We both knew what it was. I dunno what youre so bent out of shape for.
I just Rachel began, but Rick cut her off.
We were never exclusive, Rach.
Rick
If you cant handle that, its not my problem.
Rachel shot out her hand and gripped his arm. Youre a son of a bitch, she growled.
Ricks body tensed, but he fought against his natural reaction to break her arm. He couldnt strike a fellow agent; Adam would kill him.
Are we done here or you want to take it further? he said, his words warning her to back down or he would hurt her. They both knew who had the power over the other when it came to physical combat.
As much as it killed her, Rachel let go of his arm and stepped back. She knew what Rick was capable of.
I dont want to talk about this again, he warned her.
Before she could respond, he turned away and entered the mens prep area, slamming the door closed behind him.
Inside was a large locker room. All the agents were almost ready, now arming themselves for patrol. Rick wasnt too worried. He moved faster than most. No one had noticed him come in. They were all too preoccupied with getting ready. He headed over to Paul who stood at the back of the room standing over a weapons bench.
Walker, nice of you to show. Just in time, he commented as he handed Rick his weapon of choice: a Desert Eagle.
So, whod I get?
Paul grinned and said, Adam.
Ricks expression said it all. He was not at all pleased. In fact, his face even betrayed a little anxiety.
Shit, he murmured.
Yep, Paul agreed.
Rick headed to his locker, opened it, and reached for his tactical gear. The uniform was the same for all of them: lightweight, Kevlar-lined tactical gear. It enabled movement while offering excellent protection from any assault, be it a gun, a knife, or even shrapnel from a blast. Ricks favorite were the tactical gloves with knuckle armor, which enabled him to inflict maximum damage on his opponents without suffering any himself.
He dressed quickly, but given his tardiness, the rest of the agents had already left the prep area by the time he was ready. As he slammed his locker door closed he sensed someone. He turned around to see Adam standing behind him.
Lets go, Adam said.
 * * * * *
Adam and Rick made their way through the financial district. It was late and the area was deserted. All the nine-to-fivers had gone home for the day. Huge office towers belonging to banks and investment firms surrounded either side of the street, stretching for several blocks through the well-lit area. It was eerie how empty the streets were at this time of the night. It was a huge contrast to the bustling overcrowded sidewalks during the day.
Whats going on with you and Agent Britton? Adam asked, cutting through the tense silence between them.
Nothing much.
She seemed pretty upset, Rick.
Rick rolled his eyes. We messed around a few times. She got attached. End of story.
Make sure it is the end of the story. I cant have bad blood in the agency, especially not with our upcoming mission.
I know. Its taken care of.
Good. Then you wont have any problems showing up for briefings anymore?
Rick met Adams stern glance and said, Okay, I know. Im sorry.
You know, Rick, pretty soon your word isnt gonna mean anything.
Rick nodded.
Keep your personal life out of the CSA. All female agents are off-limits to you, effective immediately. You defy my orders again and I will detain you. This is your final warning.
They turned the corner, leaving the financial district behind, and approached the bar district. The atmosphere was much the same. In any other city there would have been a huge contrast with people everywhere, drinking and partying in the many bars, pubs and clubs lining the streets. But in their city the inhabitants knew the dangers of being out after dark. Most respected a curfew to be off the streets by eleven.
I think youre overreacting.
How so? Adam asked, curious to see how Rick would try to justify his undesirable behavior.
I missed a couple of briefingsthree at the most. As for the women, it happens all the time. Take a closer look at Dante and Lexie.
Im well aware. But this is about you, the way you do things. Your idea of fun involves a great deal of manipulation and twisted playfulness. Thats your business if you keep it out of the agency. Otherwise it becomes mine.
Youre saying this lecture is completely business-related?
Yes.
Rick smiled. He had him now. Now hed really see Adams true feelings towards a certain someone. Was it truly just business?
So, if I told you I made a move on Abbey, it wouldnt bother you? Rick studied him closely for any sign of a reaction. There was nothing. He pushed harder, The idea of my hands all over her, my lips on hers? None of that bothers you, right?
Adams eyes met Ricks expectant stare. Rick wanted a reaction from him. He craved it to prove that he was right. But Adam refused to give him anything. His expression betrayed nothing. No anger. No shock. Nothing at all.
No, it wouldnt bother me. Adam was a master at projecting exactly what he intended people to see. He projected indifference, a complete lack of interest in the information that Rick was imparting to him. He knew very well that it was far from hypothetical. It had happened. But Adam wasnt so easily manipulated.
Beneath the faade, it tormented him. Disturbing images plagued his mind, images of Rick and Abbey together. It disturbed him immensely. Rick was an opportunist. Abbey was in a vulnerable state. She was the perfect target for his powers of persuasion. He could pull her into the darkness before she even realized it. It would be too late when she did. He had to give Rick his due. The bastard had managed to back him into a corner. But there was always a way out. Even though he could not appeal to Rick, he could still try to reach her.
They approached the first bar. Adam glanced through the dirtied glass window. Nothing out of the ordinary. There were a couple of people inside drinking. They were tempting fate, but they were safe while Rick and Adam patrolled the area. After that, Adam would have to advise them to head home.
Okay. Good then, Rick responded, perturbed by Adams lack of reaction. He had been certain that there was something there.
Yep, Adam answered, distracted. His eyes were drawn to a familiar little pub, half a block away. It wasnt the pub itself that drew his attention. It looked the way it always did. No, it was what was outside the pub: two illegally parked, unmarked, white Sedans.
You know, all bullshit aside, I like the girl.
Uh huh, Adam responded, barely paying attention. His focus was fixated on the bar.
And, theres definitely heat between us. Shes just afraid. Innocent, you know?
Adam rolled his eyes at Ricks never-ending monologue. I know that. Its what Ive been telling you. You jeopardize that or her safety and you cross me, Rick.
Rick moved to continue, but Adam held up his hand. Shut up. Just shut up.
So, you finally admit it bothers you?
What? No, you idiot. We have trouble. Check it out.
Rick followed Adams glance and asked, Daniels place?
Yep.
Syndicate vehicles?
Exactly. Hes an easy target. Refuses to close up early, Adam said.
Looks like we finally got ourselves some action tonight, Rick said, withdrawing his Desert Eagle from his holster.
Adam led the way, drawing his Beretta as they hurried towards the pub. When they reached the door, Adam took the right of the door frame and Rick took the left. Adam readied his gun and signaled for Rick to follow his lead. With his free hand he turned the doorknob then kicked it the rest of the way open with his heel. He entered, his back still hugging the wall, his gun at the ready. Rick followed, shadowing him.
What the hell? Rick exclaimed at the visual that greeted them.
On the floor of the pub, four beaten and bloodied bodies were sprawled.
Adam! Ricky! Daniel called, emerging from the back room, carrying rags and a bucket of cleaning solution. He didnt appear to be perturbed at all by the unconscious bodies sprawled across the floor of his pub.
I told you not to call me Ricky, Rick jested as he lowered his gun.
What happened here? Adam asked, approaching the bodies.
I thought she was one of yours, Adam.
Who? Rick and Adam asked in unison.
She saved my life.
Who did? Rick pressed.
Adam knelt down beside the bodies and began to examine them. Every one of them had a pulse. A faint pulse, but still a pulse.
Theyre alive, he told Rick.
I dont know who she was, but she took them down like a professional, like you guys.
Adams glance fell upon something gut wrenching. The hand of one of the men was bloody and the skin had begun to turn purple from the significant blood loss. He peered closer. There was a hole right the way through it. Holy shit.
Okay, describe her to me, Adam urged.
Dark hair. No, really dark hair. Black hair. Young girl. Very pretty. Wearing leather
My kind of woman, Rick interrupted
Adam threw him a lets-not-get-off-topic glance and then turned back to Daniel.
No gun. Just two knives. She was good. Really good. Small, too, to take on four huge guys like that. Id say just over five feet.
Adam and Rick exchanged a glance.
Abbey!
Was she hurt? Adam asked.
The barkeep laughed heartily and said, Lets just say, they didnt get a chance to touch her.
Shit, Rick murmured.
Adam sighed heavily and rubbed his brow anxiously.
Son of a bitch! he exclaimed, slamming his fist on the bar. He turned away in an effort to quell the emotion that burned through his veins. He had to think. Abbey Benson had done this. Shed crossed a line. He had a duty to Jim to protect her, but he also had a duty to the CSA to stop her.
Rick, call in for a transport to bring these guys in.
Rick did as he was ordered and placed the call. He watched Adam walk away to examine the scene further. He appeared to be looking for evidence to prove somehow that it wasnt Abbey, even though they both already knew very well that it had to be her.
After the call Rick joined him. Ill talk to her, Adam.
Its too late for that.
I dont think so, Rick protested.
Adam spun to face him and yelled, Rick, look at that guys frigging hand!
Rick approached the man and lifted his arm to study his hand. He was taken aback indeed. But mostly he was impressed. She was good.
Guess you taught her well, Adam threw at him.
Rick couldnt remember the last time he had seen Adam react emotionally to a situation. He made an effort not to respond aggressively to his accusation. It would just make things worse and he was already in enough trouble.
Come on, look how good she is. We could use her on the team.
Im not gonna recruit her if I can help it.
You may not have a choice. If the Syndicate gets wind of this, shes marked.
Adam pulled Rick closer and spoke quietly, No one hears about this. You and I were responsible for what happened here. No one else. Clear?
Crystal. What you gonna do?
Stop her.

CHAPTER 13
Paul sat, studying the mass of photos spread over his desk for Project Illumination. On his computer screen were the profiles of several potential Field Operations recruits. To complete the project effectively and within an efficient time frame they needed more manpower. Adam wanted to expand the division. Paul was tasked with rooting through the dozens of profiles and finding the diamonds in the rough among them: those that stood above the rest. Adam would then review and make the final cut.
He was in the midst of doing this when he heard an urgent knock.
Come in, he called.
Hey, Tony said, with a nervous smile.
Paul sat back in his chair and eyed him. Listen, Tony, if this is about the hit on the suppliers, Im swamped right now. I already told you Id get you Ricks reconnaissance report by the end of the day.
Its not about that. Although, I do need it ASAP. The op is in two weeks and Adam wants to see the mission strategy in advance so he can tweak it. Or, rip it apart and change it like he usually does.
I hear that, Paul said with a grin.
But right now we have an immediate problem, Tony said, handing Paul a wad of printouts.
Paul scanned them quickly. Oh, crap.
Big problem, Tony said, off Pauls incredulous glance.
Id say so. Does Adam know about this?
Not yet. Hes not in his office. You know where hes at?
He said he had some business to attend to. He should be back in a couple of hours.
I dont think this can wait.
Agreed, Paul said. He moved past Tony and locked his office door. He gestured for him to have a seat. Still studying the papers in his hand, he reached for the phone.
 * * * * *
Adam pulled his car into the driveway of the Irish-style pub. Doyles Tavern. The pub was situated about a ten-minute walk from Abbeys home. He knew it well. He and Jim had visited it frequently over the years. It was a quiet little place, far enough away from the downtown core and the hub of Syndicate activity that it could be deemed safe.
As he turned off the engine his cell rang.
Reede here.
Adam, we have a vigilante. Tony has pulled together a series of reports and surveillance footage all pointing to the existence of such an individual, Paul spoke anxiously.
Really? Adam replied, coolly. Shit! Its out.
The evidence is indisputable.
Do you have the identity of this vigilante? Adam asked, praying that they didnt.
Not yet. Tonys working on it. But one things for sure: its a woman. Should narrow it down a little.
Crap! As much as he wanted to keep his mouth shut entirely he couldnt do that to Paul. He had earned his trust time and time again. He had to at least tell him something.
Listen, Paul. I will take care of it.
What?
Ill take care of it.
You know about this?
I know. Sorry I didnt tell you. I was hoping it wouldnt become the issue that it has.
You know who she is?
Yeah.
There was a pause before Paul responded. Adam knew he was a little hurt that he hadnt let him in on it.
Okay, but call me if you need help.
Will do.
 * * * * *
Abbey Benson poured the last few drops of the pitcher of beer into her glass. She brought it to her lips and chugged it quickly. A waitress passed by and glanced at her enquiringly. Abbey nodded. Yes, she would like another.
She had just fired up a smoke when she sensed a presence. She was too drunk to register who or where. Seconds later Adam sat before her on the opposite side of her booth.
Its a little early for that, he commented.
Good to see you too, she rebutted.
Been a while.
He looked her over. Wearing blue camouflage pants and a white wife beater, her hair dyed jet black, she didnt even look like the woman he remembered. He was losing her.
I have to say, I like your other look better. Less...dark.
Before anything further could be said, the waitress approached. She arrived at the booth with the pitcher of beer that Abbey had requested.
Adam? Wow, havent seen you in here for a while, she greeted.
Adam turned to face her. It was Cindy, a fifty-something tough redhead. She had worked in the pub ever since he could remember.
Good to see you, Cindy. The place looks good. Same as ever.
Yeah. Hasnt changed.
She placed the pitcher on the table in front of Abbey and lifted the empty one. She eyed Abbey worriedly. Glad youre here to keep this one company. Dont like to see a beautiful woman drinking alone as often as she does, Cindy said, winking at Adam.
With that, she headed back out onto the floor.
Abbey took a drag of her smoke and smirked at Adam. The waitress thought they were involved.
So, what brings you here? Abbey asked, as she started to fill her empty glass.
Maybe youve had enough, Adam advised.
She took a gulp from her glass and set it down heavily. Not yet, she said, eyeing him.
He moved to protest, but she cut him off, Just because youre not drinking, doesnt mean no one else can.
Adam leaned forward and whispered, I guess you think it will numb the memories of all the people youve maimed and beaten. Let me tell you something, it wont, Abbey.
Spying on me, huh? Your security guards managed to track me when I snuck out every night this week?
Youre not exactly discreet. CSA surveillance has flagged you all over the city.
So, what? You came here to warn me to stay home?
Yes. I cant have a vigilante on the streets.
Abbey lit another smoke and took a soothing drag. You should be thanking me.
Thanking you? Adam asked, becoming agitated with her cold, unaffected demeanor.
Im helping you fight the enemy.
No, youre not. You dont understand the enemyat all. You have no idea who you are crossing or the consequences of what youre doing. That guy whose hand you crucified, you know who he is? Hes the brother of one of Carl Jamesons deputies.
Abbey didnt respond. Adam watched as she downed an entire pint of beer. It was as though she hadnt heard him at all. She reached for the pitcher to refill it. Adam stopped her, gripping her hand tightly and jerking her towards him so that she had no choice but to listen.
I told you I wouldnt let you join the CSA. I told you to stay away. You went around me to Rick. I ordered Rick to stop training you. What makes you think I cant stop you from doing this now?
He watched her eyes narrow and her face darken. Her expression was cold. Her glance fell on his hand that confined hers.
Are we enemies now? she growled.
Adam leaned in closer and said, If we were enemies, you wouldnt be getting this warning, Abbey. Im doing my damnedest to protect you.
Abbey wrenched her hand away. I dont need you to protect me!
That was it! He would make her understand! He shot out of his seat and strode around the table towards her. He caught Cindys eye and called, Put her drinks on my tab. Cindy nodded and turned away. Adam glared at Abbey and grabbed her arm roughly, Come with me!
He hauled her to her feet and dragged her out of the bar. She protested, but the task was easy enough given how drunk she was. He dragged her down the steps, gripping her upper arm tightly and then let go sharply, causing her to lose her balance. She collapsed into a drunken heap on the grass.
Im glad Jim isnt around to see you like this! he yelled, as she struggled to her feet.
Shut up!
And that was when he heard it. Emotion. Her voice cracked as she yelled at him. It was working. He had to break her to get through to her. Shed left him no choice.
You think he died for this? To have his daughter become a vigilante, stooping to the level of the enemy? He helped the CSA to help others. You walk the streets seeking vengeance. And, you do it in his name! He would be ashamed, Abbey.
She strode towards him and yelled, I said shut up. Stop it!
Hes dead and nothing can bring him back. No matter how many Syndicate thugs you punish, hell still be gone, Abbey.
She was upon him. Her hands balled into fists. She punched his chest weakly, sobbing, Stop...just stop.
Adam remained silent.
You dont know what its like. You cant understand, she said, collapsing to her knees.
Abbey.... he began, crouching down beside her.
They murdered him, Adam. Murdered him. I cant get the image out of my head. I cant just get over it. It hurts...it hurts too much. You dont understand.
Adam reached out and gently rubbed her shoulders. He sighed deeply before telling her, Yes, I do.
She looked up at him. Her face was stained with tears. Her eyes were red. Raw emotion overwhelmed her from weeks of repressing her grief.
What?
The Syndicate killed my wife.
Abbey was stunned. Shed had no idea. She didnt even know Adam had been married.
She was a teacher. She was on her way home from the school. I was still at work. I was a police detective back then. She decided to take a shortcut down a back alley. She was attacked by one of Jamesons thugs. He tried to mug her, but she fought back. He stabbed herone jab in the neck. And that was it. She was...she had...she was pregnant...four months.... Adam said, trailing off as he was forced to relive the worst night of his life. He turned his head away to try to compose himself. He hadnt told anyone that in so long. It still hurt. Time could never take it away.
Suddenly, he felt arms around him, enveloping him. They tightened and gently pulled him closer. He looked down to see Abbey holding him.
She rested her head against his chest. Im sorry, she whispered.
Adam didnt say anything. He hesitantly put his arms around her. She relaxed into him and he felt his tension dissipating and his arms tightening around her. They held each other, finding comfort in the knowledge that they both truly understood the pain the other felt. They had both been there.
Is that why you joined the CSA? she asked softly.
Yes...at first. I was young like you. I wanted payback. I was ex-military, worked for the police. I knew I could do it. But I learned quickly that it wasnt what the CSA was about. It was about protecting civilians, those who couldnt protect themselves. It wasnt about me.
Do you ever regret joining? Abbey asked, pulling back a little to look at him.
Adam met her glance. Sometimes. But its too late for me now. He pulled away and said, But its not for you. He climbed to his feet and brushed the dirt off his gray cargo pants. He reached out to give her a hand up. She took it and he pulled her to her feet, so that they were standing mere inches apart.
He thought he saw a look in her eye, a looking of yearning, as if she was seeing more in him than just a friend. But he couldnt be sure. It had been too long since hed had to concern himself with such a thing. Whether or not he was right wasnt what had unsettled him. It was that he hoped he was right. He felt something for her that he hadnt in years. It nagged at him and, truth be told, it scared him.
He couldnt get involved with her. He was Commander of the CSA and he couldnt afford to let anything distract him from that responsibility. Furthermore, she was Jims daughter. What kind of a man would he be if he didnt respect that boundary? On top of all that was the fact that he was charged with protecting her. He couldnt do that if he was emotionally involved with her. It would compromise his judgment. He didnt even know if he was capable of being emotionally involved with a woman again.
No, there was no way it could ever happen.
Consider your warning heard, she spoke, cutting through his many thoughts.
Youre gonna walk away?
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
Adam smiled with relief. He had managed to get through to her. He withdrew a pack of smokes from his jacket pocket and lit one. Thank God, he said, taking a satisfying drag.
Abbey followed suit and lit a smoke as well.
Sorry about that guys hand. I had to move fast. He was about to give the bartender a savage makeover. It was the best option. Of course, his jugular would have been a hell of a lot easier, but I didnt want to kill him, Abbey explained.
Youre a dangerous woman, Miss Benson, Adam quipped. He noted her comment about not wanting to go for the kill. It was a very good sign.
Abbey chuckled. Then her expression became serious. Listen, Adam, I want you to know that there is nothing going on with Rick.
Why are you telling me? he asked, eyeing her curiously.
I just wanted to make sure that you knew.
She looked at him the same way she had before. And this time he was sure of exactly what it meant. He contemplated his response for a few moments, leaving them staring at one another in silence. It wasnt uncomfortable silence. Rather, it was excruciatingly intense.
All right, we should get out of here, he said suddenly, cutting through the tension and moving away suddenly.
Abbey sighed inwardly at his lack of interest. Did he not understand that she was telling him the way was clear? Did he not want to make a move?
She followed him to the parking lot. He kept his distance, walking a good few feet in front of her. Neither of them spoke another word. Neither dared to risk it.

CHAPTER 14
Come on, come on, Adam begged his computer, impatiently.
Since Jims murder, things had been non-stop. Between reining in Abbey, finalizing Project Illumination and the supplier hit, dealing with the threat from the government, and supervising the daily operation of the agency, he hadnt had the time to do what he had been itching to: track down Jims murderer.
Finally, now, he was able to sit down and do just that. For the last couple of hours, he hadnt faced any interruptions. No one had called him. Paul was preoccupied sifting through dozens of resumes and Tony had only a few hours left to finalize his analysis of the strategy for the supplier hit.
Hed keyed in the name that Joe had let slip: Ward. Now, he waited as it ran through the CSA database. It was taking forever as he was accessing it remotely from his home office.
He waited impatiently, drumming his fingers on his desk in anxious anticipation.
As sheer luck would have it only one match was found. But to his surprise it wasnt the name he was searching for. Instead the search had generated the name of an affiliate of Wards. Frank Hartlett. Adam didnt recognize the name or his profile photo. He clicked on the DETAILS button beneath his name hoping it would shed some light.
To his astonishment it generated an error message. He was astounded by its content:
YOUR CURRENT ID DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO ACCESS THIS PAGE.
What? This has to be a mistake.
As Commander he had Command Clearance, the highest level of clearance in the agency. It was not possible for him to be blocked from accessing any information.
He glanced at his cell on his desk. He couldnt call Tony tonight. He was already swamped. He sighed with defeat and shut down his computer. There was nothing more he could do tonight. It was time to get some sleep.
 * * * * *
Adam tossed and turned as he slept. He talked in his sleep, uttering the same name that he did almost every night, Carolyn!
His greatest love. His greatest loss.
The memory of his beloved wife consumed his dreams and nightmares alike. He could only manage three to four hours of sleep a night because of it. He was afraid to sleep. He couldnt recall the memories they had made together without the image of the tragic night of her death rearing its ugly head. He wished oftentimes that he had listened to his colleagues and stayed away from the crime scene. She hadnt even looked like herself that night. There had been so much blood. He felt as though it had never been washed away. It stuck to him, a reminder that he should have listened to her. Why couldnt he just have moved them away as she had wanted for their unborn baby? Why hadnt he listened? It had cost him everything.
His dreams were only of her. Just like tonight.
I love you, he whispered in her ear.
His naked body surrounded hers. His lips met hers, kissing her gently. He felt her hands gripping him earnestly, running up and down his back, warming him, loving him.
I love you, she returned.
He nuzzled her neck and wrapped his arms around her, pulling her towards him.
Dont leave me. I miss you, he beseeched her.
Her long, chestnut-brown hair cascaded about her face. Her hazel eyes shone at him. She was so beautiful.
You know I cant stay, Adam.
Suddenly, to his horror, he felt a knife in his hand. A sudden rage burned through him, consuming his body and soul. It overpowered his senses, crushing his independent will. It violated his body, forcing him to bring the blade down towards her. He couldnt stop it. It was too powerful. He tried with all his might to force it away from her, but the blade was determined to bring forth reality.
Stay with me! he screamed at her.
Stay with me! Stay with me! he screamed like a rabid animal. He kept screaming, unable to stop until his voice became hoarse and no sound came out.
He brought the blade down towards her neck.
His eyes snapped open in horror. He shot up in bed, gasping. He clutched at his chest. His heart thumped so violently against his chest that he was sure it would explode. Painful adrenaline coursed through his veins. He couldnt breathe.
Carolyn, he cried out.
He hunched forward, gripping his duvet cover in a desperate attempt to hang on to something until the feeling ebbed. Tears formed in his eyes and he brought his hands to his face in an attempt to will them away. But he couldnt. He couldnt bear the hurt. Living without her was just survival. Every day he fought just to live in the world knowing what he had lost.
He broke down sobbing, whispering her name, I miss you, my love. Carolyn, I miss you...I...miss...you.

CHAPTER 15
It was just shy of 9:00 a.m. and Hawthorne Park was already packed with people. Despite it being autumn, the temperature had climbed to eighty degrees Fahrenheit so everyone was out making the most of the weather while they could.
At the center of the park was a huge pool with a man-made fountain in the corner. Heavy vegetation surrounded it, sheltering those beneath it from the rest of the packed pool; it was a little taste of serenity away from the rest of the world. Grass embankments surrounded the pool, offering the perfect spot for a picnic or for sunbathers to work on their tans. As soon as the sun had risen that morning the place had started to fill up. An array of beach towels created a colorful patchwork upon the grass embankment surrounding the pool. Couples cuddled together, families picnicked, and people frolicked in the water.
In a black string bikini, Abbey Benson lay on her towel soaking up the sun. Earphones in her ears, music turned up, with sunglasses shielding her eyes, she was in a reverie completely unaffected by the world around her. It was just what she needed.
Suddenly, she felt a hand on her arm. She opened her eyes to see who dared to disturb her peace.
Rick Walker stood over her.
Shirtless, wearing white board shorts and flip-flops, he almost looked like a regular person and not the dark warrior that she knew him really to be. She couldnt help but eye his muscular form. He was really cut, from his biceps, to his abs, to his legs. It was impressive and it did draw her attention somewhat.
Stalking me? she asked, removing her earphones and easing herself into a sitting position.
Rick smiled. Coincidence. Im here for the sun. Got the day off.
His eyes explored her scantily clad body. God, shes looking good. The black hair made her look even more attractive. It made her edgier, more mysterious than she already was.
Really? I didnt know you guys got time off, she said.
Adams orders. He thinks its necessary. Mental and physical health and all that. Personally, Id rather be working, he explained as his eyes continued to wander all over her body. I heard youre not anymore. Saw your handiwork a few nights ago.
Abbey removed her sunglasses and rested them on her head. It was a mistake.
More like a revelation, Rick countered.
Abbey glared at him with disdain. What does that mean? she demanded.
Youll see. But she wasnt ready yet so he decided to drop it and change the subject. He crouched down beside her and whispered, Do I make you uncomfortable, Abbey?
He held her gaze. His hand gently grazed her thigh. She didnt move away. Interesting.
Rick, she protested weakly. His touch was electric. Her body overruled her head.
Maybe I was too rough for you that night. I can be a little gentler if thats how you want it. I know you feel this heat between us, he said, his eyes searching hers for affirmation.
Actually, that would be the eighty-degree weather, she rebutted, finally returning to her senses. What am I doing?
She pushed his hand away and got to her feet. Hastily, she picked her towel up off the grass and tied it around her waist. Placing her music player in her shoulder bag along with her sunscreen and a couple of bottles of water, she was ready to leave. She moved to step around him, but he blocked her path.
Abbey glared up at him. Move. Now.
Are you gonna try to make me if I dont? he challenged.
Dont, she warned him.
You cant take me, darlin.
Abbey wasnt sure whether she could or not. From the few weeks that he had trained her she knew how strong he really was. But strength wasnt everything. He was also far more of an experienced fighter than her. Hed spent years honing his skills. But she knew she was faster. Either way she didnt want to find out. She had turned her back on that life and she was determined to keep it that way.
Thankfully their confrontation was interrupted by an approaching bleached-blonde bimbo. She staggered towards them, clearly intoxicated. Her hot pink bikini could barely contain her surgically enhanced breasts.
Rick, baby, lets go for a swim, she purred as she ran her hands all over his naked back.
I said in a few minutes, he snapped at her.
Whos this? the girl asked, eyeing Abbey as potential competition for his affections.
Rick was forced to back down and take a step back from Abbey. He watched her smile with amusement at his humiliating choice of female company. It pissed him off.
No one you know. Just give me a moment.
But Im bored now, she insisted.
She brought her hands around to his chest, caressing him seductively.
Okay. Have fun, Abbey joked and started to walk away.
Rick shook his companion off and hurried after Abbey. He grabbed hold of her arm, stalling her getaway. That means nothing. Shes just...a friend.
Thats your business, Rick, Abbey said, ripping her arm away.
I want you, he told her.
Abbey took a sudden step towards him and said, Leave me alone.
Rick was taken aback by the sudden shift in her persona. Her eyes were cold and unforgiving. He considered the situation for a moment. She was so adamant that nothing could happen. It wasnt a normal rejection. It had such fiery conviction. What had changed?
He could think of only one thing.
Is this about Adam? he asked suddenly.
He watched her reaction. He saw it, a look in her eye that confirmed his suspicions.
No.
Her response would have been convincing to most. Her delivery was good. She maintained steady eye contact. But Rick was experienced enough to see right through it.
You have a thing for him. Let me tell you something about our mutual friend, Adam Reede, Ab. He works and that is it. He doesnt socialize and he certainly doesnt date. You must know all about his former wife. Its been frigging years and he still cant move on. So you see, you and the Commander, it will never happen. I get the whole white knight thing, but thats as far as hell ever let it go. Trust me.
Why are you so persistent? You like the chase, right? Abbey asked, diverting the conversation away from the uncomfortable place that Rick had taken it.
Yeah, I like the chase. Of course. You know my reputation. But this isnt about that. Youre...different.
What are you saying?
Im saying were the same. You and I both have that instinct I tried to explain to you. Even Adam sees it. Whyd you think he wouldnt let you join the CSA? He saw it in you as he sees it in me. You fight and react as I do in battle. Theres a connection there. Ever since you walked into my office theres been this heat between us. We are drawn to one another on some sort of primal level. Dont you see it?
All I see is you desperate to screw someone whos not a frigging bimbo. The challenge excites you. You cannot dominate me, Rick. Thats what you love, but you will never get that with me.
I know that, he protested.
But she wasnt willing to listen. You walk too thin a line between what is right and what is so very wrong. I cant risk being pulled into that, especially not right now. I need to keep away from all of it: the Syndicate, the CSA, you.
Adam? Rick challenged.
Rick read her glance. Just as I thought, he commented snidely.
Let it go. Its never gonna happen, Abbey told him as she turned on her heel and started to walk away.
Rick let her go. For now.

CHAPTER 16
Shit, Adam exclaimed, as his car stalled for a couple of seconds. He was in the wrong gear. He quickly shifted the gear stick to its rightful position and continued his drive into the cemetery parking lot. It was at the opposite end to the church to where Jims funeral had taken place all those months ago.
What is it? a voice emanated through his wireless earpiece.
Car just stalled. Missed the gear change, Adam replied.
He was talking with Tony.
Thats not like you, Tony commented.
Im just a little out of sorts. Maybe Im getting that flu bug thats been circulating around the agency, he added, lying effortlessly.
Last night had unsettled him. The nightmare was still fresh in his memory. On today of all days, he wasnt dealing with it as well as he normally could. It was the day he dreaded most.
Maybe. So, whats up? Tony asked, not convinced that Adam was all right, but knowing better than to attempt to pursue it.
Last night I was unable to access some information off the database.
Adam, thats impossible.
My precise reaction. But thats what happened.
What did the error message say?
Adam relayed it to Tony, word for word, explaining exactly what he was trying to access when he was blocked. There was a long pause before Tony responded. Adam heard the heavy clicks of him typing away rapidly.
Wow, Tony suddenly exclaimed.
Adam waited.
Okay, I just signed in as you. Youre right the information is blocked. I tried my own user ID and the same thing. I dont understand it. I cant locate the ID of the person who blocked it. It just says administrator.
Shouldnt you be able to access it? You have full administrative privileges.
I should be able to, but I cant. This is unprecedented.
Can you crack it...hack it...whatever the correct term is?
Adam, come on. Can I crack it? It offends me that you have to ask that question. Of course I can crack it. Give me twenty-four hours and Ill get you your info, Tony assured him.
Twenty-four hours?
Okay, fine. Twelve hours and Ill have it for you.
Thanks. I need this kept quiet. Paul is the only other person that can know about this.
Of course.
What time you heading in today?
I wont be. I have something to take care of this morning then I have a meeting with the Circle this evening. Pauls the go-to guy today.
Understood. Watch your back.
With that, they both hung up.
Adam parked the car. He shut off the engine and reached for a bouquet of white lilies that lay on the passenger seat. He smiled a bittersweet smile and got out of the car.
The parking lot was situated in one of the cemeterys many valleys. He made his way up one of the hills. The picturesque surroundings did little to alleviate his heavy heart. It throbbed against his chest in anticipation of what he was about to do. He visited her so often, but the hurt never left, never numbed. A part of him just could not let it go, could not allow him to move past it. He was frozen in a place that he couldnt bear to be. It crippled him.
A psychologist would probably tell him it was the tragic circumstances surrounding her death that made it so difficult for him to lay it to rest. That it was so sudden, that the brain wasnt made to cope with that. But Adam knew that wasnt it.
Of course it played its part. It was a factor. But it was more than that. It was that he had never found out the truth of why it had happened. The assassin had never been caught. He was still out there. He had searched for the last nine years since joining the CSA with its full resources at his disposal, but he had turned up nothing but loose ends.
He reached her grave.

Carolyn Reede
Beloved Wife
Your Memory Will Never Fade

The white marble gravestone stared back at him, penetrating into the heart of him as it did every time. A beautifully cared for rockery extended either side. Nine ornate angel statuettes were situated among the vegetation that grew from the rockery. Adam placed the lilies on the grave and then reached into his jacket pocket. He withdrew another statuette.
He brought one every year on this day: the anniversary of her death. Today he found a spot for the tenth one. He caressed it gently and exhaled deeply. He sank to his knees before the gravestone and began talking with her.
Hours passed before he finally ran out of things to say.
I love you, he said, getting to his feet finally.
Hey, a voice came from behind him, suddenly.
Adam recognized it instantly. He turned around to see Paul standing a few feet away.
Hey.
Thought youd be here. Tried to reach you, but your phone and pager were both off. Tony was getting worried so I told him Id track you down.
Thanks.
No worries. I know youre always AWOL on this day of the year.
Adam dusted off his pants and started to walk away from the grave towards Paul.
If you need more time I can meet you later.
Its okay. Its time for me to go.
Paul laid a comforting hand on Adams shoulder, Today is the tenth year?
Adam was touched that Paul remembered every year. The two of them never discussed it, because Adam couldnt bear to talk about it. Despite that, Adam felt his support.
Yeah.
As the two of them made their way down the hill, Adam started to become more cognizant of the reality of the world around him.
Do we have a situation? he asked Paul suddenly.
No situation, but I did come here for a reason. Theres something you need to know.
Adam waited for Paul to give him the details, but he waited in vain. He eyed him and saw the disturbed expression on his face. He was hesitating to pass on the information to him.
What is it?
I considered whether I should wait until today passed to tell you, but I knew you would want to know right away. Promise me that you will absorb what I am about to tell you first before you react.
Tony cracked it, didnt he? Four hours. Wow, thats a new record for him. Incredible.
Adam.
Yes, for Gods sake, I promise.
They reached the parking lot and Paul stopped and turned to face him. His expression was grave. The error message wasnt a mistake. It was blocked intentionally. Done before Tonys time. He couldnt figure out by who. The ID of the culprit has long expired. But there was something strange.
What? Adam asked anxiously.
Paul took a breath before revealing, Tony was able to figure out when the block was put in place. Adam, it was the day that Carolyn was murdered.
Paul eyed Adam worriedly. He had no idea how he would react. He waited. And waited.
Adam? he finally called after several minutes passed without a response.
Is the information accessible now? Adam asked.
Yes, but
Tell me! Adam demanded.
Adam glanced down at his hands. They were trembling with adrenaline.
Tell me, he rasped, overcome.
Reluctantly, Paul moved closer and told him at a whisper, The reason your search generated a different profile is because Frank Hartlett is the head honcho for Ward and a bunch of others. Hes an ex-military colonel. He leads a team of ex-military soldiers, commandos, marines. The team doesnt have a name. All we know is that its a rogue black ops outfit specializing in wet works operations. Theyre like modern day bounty hunters. They work for the highest bidder. We know that Jameson has contracted them several times to do things that he cant afford his own people doing for fear of exposure. These guys have never failed, have never been brought down or outed by anyone. They move like ghosts. They never slip up. It wouldnt be an exaggeration to say that theyre unstoppable.
Did you find the names on the contracts the Syndicate took out?
Paul hesitated.
Was she a target, Paul? Adam said, gripping his arm. He shook with a fiery intensity.
Paul looked at him sadly seeing the incredible pain that he was in. Yes. Yes, she was. Im sorry. He took a deep breath and continued, The guys name is Jason Ward. Hartlett chose him to carry out the...operation.
Although he feared what Adam might do with the information, he could not keep it from him. He deserved to know. Paul prayed that it might give him some peace. Somehow.
Adam let go of him and stepped back.
Maybe you should postpone the meeting today. Take some time? Paul suggested. The last thing Adam needed in his current state was to spend an entire evening with the Mentors Circle, discussing the current stressful government threat on the CSAs future operations.
Im fine, Adam said, running his fingers through his hair. Besides, theres someone I need to see up there.

CHAPTER 17
Since their confrontation at the park earlier Rick hadnt been able to get Abbey out of his head. Her ruthless rejection wasnt something he was used to. Women never said no to him. It was the way it had always been. And to have Adam be the one to inadvertently salt his game was even more unprecedented. How was it that the one time that Adam had taken an interest in a woman was also the first time that Rick had ever truly wanted someone for more than just a good roll in the sack? Unbelievable.
He watched as his park companion walked aimlessly around his gym studying everything with great curiosity. What there was to be curious about, he had no clue.
He approached her and within seconds she bounded over to him and planted her lips on his. He responded, kissing her back and pushing her roughly against the wall. She squealed with excitement.
Cant wait to tell my girlfriends that I did it with Rick Walker, the citys dark Casanova, she whispered in his ear.
Her words jolted him, forcing him to recall Abbeys speech at the park. He was too dark for her? He walked too fine a line between what was wrong and right? That was what kept her at a distance? He pulled back and realized he stood exactly where he had the night something had happened between them. It unsettled him and he found himself stopping what he was doing with the bleached-blonde. He stepped back and ran his hands exasperatedly through his hair. What was this feeling? What was happening to him?
Whats wrong? the girl asked, with evident agitation. She just wanted to get it on with him. She came closer and laid her hands on him.
Rick backed away. I cant. Sorry.
What? Im sorry now? He couldnt even close the deal with this ditsy woman?
Abbey Benson was in his head. He couldnt shake the memory of her in his arms that night. He wished she were here now.
Why not? the girl demanded. If you need to take a pill itll be our little secret.
What? No! Im just distracted, he responded, beginning to pace back and forth.
Is this about that girl?
He spun around to face her. What girl?
The girl you were talking to at the park? Forget about her. Theres nothing she can give you that I cant.
She licked her lips seductively.
Her words struck a nerve and he lost control of his temper and stormed towards her.
You have no idea, he seethed, approaching her.
Really? Well, she turned you down anyhow. Too bad, too sad, baby.
Get out, he growled at her.
But she simply continued talking, spouting a series of things that made no common sense at all. He wanted to wrap his hands around her neck and strangle her just to shut her up. But he restrained himself. Only just.
Out! he shouted.
Youre a jerk!
He took hold of her arm and pulled her towards the door. Leave! he yelled, letting go of her so abruptly that she barely managed to keep her footing. He kicked the door open with his foot and ushered her out. She was so stunned that she didnt have time to form a response before he slammed the door in her face. He locked it and slumped against it, exhausted.
Hed just turned down a night of smoking hot sex because he had feelings for a woman who was revolted at his very presence? He had it bad.
Dammit, he murmured, resting his face in his hands.
 * * * * *
Abbey sat in her living room perusing a university course catalog. None of the course offerings for next semester excited her. None of it seemed to have relevance to the real world when compared with what she knew now about the underbelly of the city. How could she go back after everything that had happened?
Her fathers murder had derailed what she had thought was her life path. She had been in the first year of her Psych Masters program. She had been determined to become a criminal psychologist. The criminal mind fascinated her. But knowing now what she did about the Syndicate, the CSA, and her own abilities, she couldnt just return to mundane normality. The lack of interest or sentiment that she felt as she flipped through the catalog just seemed to confirm that that ship had sailed. She couldnt go back.
She was at a crossroads.
But the path that she knew she should take was blocked off. Adam had vehemently refused to let her join the CSA. However, his refusal had come at a time when her intentions were purely vengeful. She had pushed past that now for the most part. She had calmed down a lot. Perhaps Adam would reconsider.
Adam. She wondered where he was, what he was doing, how he was feeling after their intimate conversation the other day. She missed him. When he was around she felt a certain solace, a semblance of peace. He understood her as she did him. He brought her a reassuring warmth and security that she had lost with the murder of her father. He was a good man.
The same couldnt be said for Rick. She was still furious that hed had the nerve to disturb her and actually accost her earlier. It bothered her that she had allowed him to lay his hands on her albeit only for a moment. She couldnt think straight when it came to him. It was always so intense between them. She hated that she was attracted to him. As hed said himself, it was a primal attraction. It was overpowering and so very hard to fight. Even with all her schooling on the intricacies of the human mind she could not find a solution. All she could do was stay away, because she feared the temptation would overcome her. It worried her that she couldnt guarantee that she would be able to say no to him. She prayed that he would stay away now following her brutal rejection at the park.

CHAPTER 18
It was dark by the time Adam pulled up to the gates of the Central Training Facility. The facility was located a good three and a half hours outside the city. He rolled down his window and addressed the security guard in the guard post to his left.
Commander Reede, requesting entry, he said, handing over his CSA ID.
The guard nodded and handed the card back to him.
Welcome back, Commander.
Adam smiled pleasantly and waited as the ten-foot-tall titanium gates inched open. An identical fence surrounded the entire facility and additional barbed wire sat atop the mammoth construction. Security guards monitored the grounds along with a state-of-the-art crack security system designed not only to detect intruders, but also to eliminate them. Perhaps it was overkill, perhaps not. Regardless Adam, Jim, and Colin had insisted upon it. This was, after all, the CSAs Central Training Facility. Compromise or intrusion was unacceptable.
Adam sped into the courtyard. A forty-foot-high, three-story, dirty brick building loomed over the length of the courtyard. The building contained the offices and chambers of the two commanding Mentors of the CTF as well as reserved chambers for visiting Mentors and the CSA Commanders, along with a mess hall, laundry facilities, and a modest armory situated on the sub-basement level. Scattered beyond this structure were various barracks used to temporarily house new recruits during training. The barracks were identical corrugated iron structures painted with camouflage markings, which blended into the rich forest that surrounded the entire training facility. The forest offered the perfect environment for extensive field training exercises. In its entirety, the facility comprised three to four acres.
As Adam switched off the engine and sat in his car, he felt adrenaline coursing through his veins. Fury burned within. The revelation about his wifes murder and the subsequent cover-up consumed him. He could not find relief from the hurt and raw rage that had taken hold of him. The long drive had exacerbated it, giving him far too much time to analyze the situation.
Now, as he looked towards the entrance to the CTF, knowing Colin was in there, knowing he must have known, he had to confront him. Now that Jim was dead he was the only person left alive who had answers.
Resolutely, he climbed out of the car and strode towards the building.
Welcome back, old friend, Bill called, walking out to greet him.
Is Colin here yet? he asked, striding rapidly towards the building, not slowing down as he neared Bill.
Bill sensed Adams furious demeanor immediately. Whats happened?
Is he here? Adam repeated.
Bill met Adams pace and hurried along beside him. Hes here. Whats going on?
Where? Adam demanded, entering the building and glancing around. His eyes fell on the winding staircase that headed upstairs to the chambers. He threw Bill a look.
Hes in his room.
Adam sprinted up the steps, taking them two at a time. Bill struggled to keep up.
The stairs led to a landing with a corridor on either side. Adam made a left and stopped outside the second door on the right side of the corridor. He took a few seconds to steady his erratic breathing and then rapped aggressively on the oak door.
Seconds later Colin came to the door.
As soon as it opened wide enough Adam shot out his hand and grabbed him by the collar of his jacket. He pushed him back into the room. He heard Bill call out to him, but he ignored it. He threw Colin away from him and slammed the door shut behind him.
Crap, Bill muttered. He decided to wait outside to allow Adam the opportunity to deal with whatever was going on without interference. The moment he heard anything untoward he would waive that favor.
Inside the room, Adam watched as Colin angrily adjusted his jacket. What the hell do you think youre doing? he thundered.
Tell me what you know about Hartlett and Ward.
He began to pace back and forth anxiously as he watched Colins expression carefully. He saw the acknowledgment there. You son of a bitch.
I dont know what youre talking about.
Dont deny it! I know you blocked me. You were the only one with administrative privileges before Tony came along.
Okay, yes. It was a mutual decision between Jim and me. It was ten years ago, Adam.
Its every day! Every frigging day! Its my wife were talking about, you son of a bitch! Do you have any idea how long Ive searched for answers? How long Ive wanted to be able to move on, but I couldnt because her killer was never found? You knew all this time!
We thought it was best.
You should have told me!
You were being groomed to become Commander. We couldnt risk any distractions getting in the way.
Distractions? She was my wife!
Listening to Colins absolute lack of remorse for his actions, his lack of any form of apology or acknowledgment of fault, caused him to lose control. Before he could stop himself, he lunged at him, tackling him to the ground. He cried out for help as he fell. Adam heard the door fly open and Bills footsteps rush in. But he didnt care.
His hands gripped Colins neck.
He felt Bills hands on his shoulders trying to pull him off.
Let go, Bill urged him.
My wife, you asshole! Ill kill you! Kill you!
Another pair of hands gripped his arms, trying to force them upwards to break his chokehold.
Adam, come on, Jeffs voice came.
Jeff glanced at Bill. You need to take him down.
Bill shook his head. I cant.
Bill was the most experienced and well-trained fighter in the Circle. He had trained Adam when he had first joined the CSA. There was no question that he could take him down. But he didnt want to. He couldnt bring himself to do that to the man he thought of as a brother and comrade.
Do it! Colin screamed at them.
Adam, do you want this on your conscience? Jeff called.
Im used to it, Adam yelled.
Not like this. This is no way to honor Carolyn. You know she wouldnt want this, Bill said, trying to reach him.
Adam stared at Colin.
Then to everyones surprise, he released his grip and sat back.
Youre gonna tell me everything, Adam breathed.
Without warning, he reared back and smashed his fist into Colins face.
Bill held out his hand and gave Adam a hand up.
We have an hour until the meeting. You have time to tell him what he needs to know, Bill told Colin, firmly.
Colin nodded weakly, cupping his face in his hand.
Adam glared down at him as he stood, trying to catch his breath.
Jeff, have Colin meet me outside in ten, he rasped.
Will do, boss.
Adam made his way out of the room with Bill following close behind. Bill closed the door while Jeff set to checking that Colin was okay. Adam slumped against the wall and clutched at his chest.
Another panic attack? Bill asked, laying his hand comfortingly on Adams shoulder. Im not surprised, he added with a smile in an attempt to lighten the situation somewhat.
Adam managed to crack a half-smile. He fought to steady his breathing, to let the awful feeling pass. The pain in his chest was intense, constricting his ability to move and breathe. The symptoms were akin to a heart attack, but he tried to calm himself with the knowledge that it was not. He just had to let it pass. Bill stayed with him until the feeling subsided.

CHAPTER 19
Adam and Bill stood smoking on the hillside at the rear of the facility looking down at the valley of the forest below where all new CSA recruits were field trained.
They were waiting for Colin. Bill had insisted that he be present to ensure that Adam remained calm. Under normal circumstances, Adam was as cool and levelheaded as they came. Bill had never seen him react as he had a few moments ago. When it came to Carolyn all bets were off.
Youre not gonna be able to keep your medical issues hidden much longer, Adam. Its gonna get worse if you dont get treatment. You know how many ex-soldiers Ive seen with this thing you have? Tough as nails, hardest of hard. They didnt make it, Bill warned him.
Ill be okay, Adam assured him, confidently.
Bill was the only one who knew about it and Adam wanted it kept that way. He couldnt afford to show weakness and give the Circle any reason to question his ability to lead the CSA. Things were already difficult enough.
Tom Winstons words echoed in his head. They will challenge you now. Dont let them. The Circle doesnt command the CSA, you do. Find a way to lead them.
The first time hed suffered an attack had been a couple of years ago. At the time hed checked himself into the hospital believing it to be a minor heart attack. And that was when the doctors had informed him that it was a panic attack. The attacks were a side effect of a severe case of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder brought on by the nature of his work and the tragedies he had lived through. Working for the CSA, he had seen and done so many horrific things that his brain could not process it, could not handle it: brutal things in battle, death, torture, destruction, murder, high-stress situations, to name a few. The doctors had advised him that if he didnt deal with it the attacks would worsen. But the drugs hed have to take would compromise his ability to work at his current pace.
I can control it.
You cant control everything, Bill warned him.
Adam glared at him hard and said, Yes, I can.
Bill sighed. Adam couldnt accept any loss of control. He had been that way since hed known him, but through his years as Commander it had worsened.
For how long though, Adam? Its already getting worse.
As long as I have to. Until the Syndicate is no more and the CSA isnt needed.
That could be years, especially if the meeting tonight goes the way were expecting.
Well see, Adam responded, cryptically.
Bill was about to ask him to explain, but they were interrupted by the arrival of Colin. He held an ice pack to his face in an effort to reduce the swelling from Adams punch.
Adam stubbed out his smoke and leaned back against the fence, arms folded. He nodded at Colin expectantly.
Bill watched the two of them closely. The tension was palpable. He lit another smoke.
First, I want you to answer me something, Colin told Adam.
Adam threw Bill a look. Is this guy for real? He has some balls to demand anything right now. Jesus!
Fine. Shoot, Adam conceded.
Whats going on with you and my niece?
Jim asked me to protect her. Im honoring that.
I saw something, Adam.
Bill eyed Adam with intrigue. Really?
Adam rolled his eyes and said, Youre imagining things.
It would be a perfect match if you ask me, Col. Not that I can imagine Adam considering anything like that right now. But still, Jims protg? His most trusted comrade with his daughter who hes charged with protecting? Bill chimed in, grinning at Adam.
He has too many issues unresolved. I dont want her brought into this life, the CSA.
Colin, the only reason shes not on that path is because of Adam.
Colin threw Bill a look and then turned back to Adam. I dont want you with her.
Adam glared at him coolly. Tell me about Hartlett, he said, refusing to discuss the Abbey situation further for fear that he might lose his temper again.
Hartlett is an ex-military colonel. He commands an off-the-radar black ops team. They specialize in waterworks and other such sensitive operations. The Syndicate has contracted them a few times. Jameson and he are old comrades.
All this, I already know, Adam pressed.
Colin exhaled before continuing, Jameson ordered Hartlett to dispatch his best guy to murder your wife. Ward was that guy.
Why the hell was there a hit on her? She was a teacher, a civilian, Bill demanded.
As soon as Bill asked the question, Adams eyes widened with sudden realization. It hit him hard like a rusted knife in the gut. Colin glanced at him uncomfortably.
Say it! Adam demanded.
Bill glanced back and forth between the two of them, confused, and said, Say what?
Again, Colin braced himself before continuing, The significance of the hit wasnt the targetyour wife. It was the strategy behind it, the reasonyou, Colin revealed, keeping his gaze fixed on Adam. Jim wanted you back then. He was searching for the one who could carry on his work. His successor. At that point in time we had a mole in the agencyin the Circle, actually....
Colin glanced at Bill. Bill nodded in remembrance.
They leaked intel to the Syndicate of Jims mission to find a new leader for the CSA, a leader who would bring forth a modern, even stronger, CSA. Jim knew he was tired at that point, Colin continued.
I didnt meet Jim until a few months after her murder, Adam said.
Didnt matter. The mole leaked the names of the candidates to the Syndicate. They did their research. They found out you were ex-military, a police detective already located in the city, and an idealistic, self-righteous son of a bitch. They couldnt afford you being recruited by Jim.
Why not put the hit on me?
No one could get at you. You moved like a ghost. You taught your wife to do the same. Except that night when she didnt follow your instructions. She took a shortcut through the backstreets. The Syndicate had spies everywhere back then. So they went after her instead. To get at you.
Jesus, Colin, Bill exclaimed.
They intended to break you so that you wouldnt be anything resembling a threat. They miscalculated. They underestimated Jims ability to turn it around and...your strength of will.
Adam turned away from them and rested his hands upon the railing overlooking the valley below. He sighed heavily, trying to quell his emotion. Tears formed in his eyes. He hastily wiped them away. Ten years had passed and he finally had answers. Carolyn had died because of the CSA. The bitter irony was not lost on him.
He turned back around. Ward also killed Jim.
I know, Colin revealed.
Adam and Bill exchanged a look.
You knew? Colin, going forward, I need full disclosure from you. I am Commander of the agency. The information always stops at me. I dont care what you think is best. I make those decisions, not you. If you withhold information from me again, expect severe consequences. We cannot operate like this, Adam warned him.
Adam Colin began, but Adam cut him off.
I dont care about your family connections. That was then. Things have changed. Never forget, Colin, I hold executive powers over the Circle. If I have to, I can remove you.
With that, Adam began to walk away back towards the facility. Dont question me again, he said as he passed Colin.
Bill followed him, but stopped briefly when he reached Colin and whispered, You cant manipulate him. Give it up.
He then caught up to Adam and pulled him aside. What are you gonna do about Hartlett and his team?
Adam eyed him coolly and said, Find them.

CHAPTER 20
Adam sat at the head of the mahogany boardroom table. He glanced around at the five Mentors and Colin who sat enveloped in a pensive silence.
Bill sat beside him to his right and Jeff to his left. Next to Bill was Maggie Wong, the head of their training facility located south of the city, code named T-South Facility. As strict and severe as Bill, she had been recruited by Jim for her unsurpassed expertise in numerous forms of hand-to-hand combat and her no-nonsense attitude towards those she mentored.
Beside her sat Rupert Everett, a brilliant military strategist and former General. He was twenty years Adams senior, but they were evenly matched in their knowledge and understanding of military strategies for the CSA. Heated debates between the two of them often occurred as a result.
And beside Jeff was Sally Duke. She was quiet and reserved compared to the others, but the genius among them, especially from a technological and arms standpoint. At only twenty-six years of age she was the youngest member of the Circle, but every bit as worthy to be there as the rest. Colin was seated beside her, opposite Adam. It was the place where Jim had previously sat.
A few moments prior, Adam had delivered his report on the government inquiry into the agencys operations. He had allowed them a few moments to ponder the situation. He awaited their feedback. The goal of the meeting was to determine and agree upon a strategy for dealing with the substantial threat at hand. He already had a contingency plan in mind, but it was in the early stages of development. Policy dictated that he had to get it ratified by the Circle. He wanted to test the waters to see where they each stood. He needed to be sure that they would support him when he was ready to present his finalized strategy.
Adam, I know of the individual in charge of this inquiry. His name is Ben Stover. He was appointed by the Director to lead a division named Special Operations. He holds the title of Deputy Director of the unit, Rupert informed them.
Ive never heard of it, Bill said. It was quite a statement from Bill as he always had his ear to the ground. If he hadnt heard about it no one had.
Neither had I until a contact of mine came to me. Special Ops is charged with supervising off-the-books operations like ours to ensure they follow government procedure and law. Theyre new to the game, thats why were only hearing about them now. They identify an organization or group that isnt operating legally and they force a merger. This allows the organization to continue operating, which benefits the government, meaning they dont have to take over full responsibility. They tame it to run according to their rules.
Is Stover military? Adam asked.
Adam knew that if he had a military background, unlike the agents who had paid him a visit a few weeks ago, things would be a lot easier. He would understand Adams reasoning, his decisions, and the problem with trying to impose bureaucracy amid wartime circumstances.
Unfortunately, no. Hes a paper-pusher at best. Mid-twenties. No military experience. No field experience. Rumor has it he got the job through family connections. No doubt, as he certainly isnt qualified. Hes already made several enemies, hence where my information comes from. Hes arrogant and power hungry.
Adam sighed and shifted his weight. I look forward to being detained for questioning by him, Adam joked.
I should think hell realize just how out of his depth he is when that happens, Rupert commented, knowing how accomplished Adam was in those situations.
Wow, Rupert, was that a compliment? For Adam? Bill asked.
The room erupted into a roar of laughter. It was unprecedented. Rupert and Adam barely saw eye to eye on anything. They were both headstrong and a little arrogant and they never failed to challenge one another. To get them to agree, let alone offer one another positive feedback, was a great rarity.
All right, Adam called to the room, Back to business. Government interference with the CSA is not acceptable. I will never allow it.
Agreed, Bill said.
Maggie and Jeff nodded in agreement.
These government units are notorious for locking onto a target and never letting go. Right now, we are that target. We may not be able to stop them, Colin piped up.
Hes right, Rupert agreed.
Afraid so, Sally added. It doesnt look good, Adam.
Youre saying we just roll over and let them destroy what weve built? Bill said.
We have no choice but to cooperate, Colin insisted. Maybe it would even strengthen the CSA.
Bureaucracy strengthens nothing, or have you forgotten why you left the military?
Come on, Bill. Dont be naive. Theyve already subpoenaed Adam. What do you think theyll do to him if he refuses to cooperate? What do you think theyll do to us?
Bill, hes right. There are two options. Either we allow them in or the agency goes underground. Bottom line is, the ops our agency carries out are illegal, for the most part. We can hide a lot of evidence, as Im sure Adam has already done, but not all of it. Theyll come. Theyll arrest Adam. Theyll shut down the agency until theyre ready to bring in their own people, Rupert explained.
Its not what Jim would have wanted. You cant deal with bureaucracy in war. It will render the CSA useless, Bill argued vehemently.
Adam laid his hand on Bills shoulder, urging him to calm his temper.
Unless we go underground, Jeff said, looking to Adam.
I cant do that. It will take away our visibility and presence. Those two things are what keep the Syndicate at bay, Adam explained.
Colin leaned forward with urgency. We need to reach an agreement now. We need a strategy to determine how the CSA and the government can partner effectively. Its clear the CSA will no longer be allowed to operate as a free entity anymore. We need to prepare for that.
His gaze fell on Adam and, putting him on the spot, he asked, Adam, surely you must understand that this is the only solution, yes?
Adams eyes narrowed at Colins obvious attempt to undermine him and to manipulate him into agreement. His condescension didnt escape his notice either. But he remained calm and collected as he responded, I agree that there is a chance we will be forced into a partnership, yes. It was only a matter of time. To the government we are little more than vigilantes. Of course they would want to reel us in. But a lot of what we are discussing is assumption at this stage. We dont know what will happen yet. I wont authorize what you are proposing, because the bottom line is that the CSA cannot operate if it has to cede to government policy and bureaucratic nonsense. We would fail.
Adam Rupert attempted to protest.
Im not finished. I already knew what we were up against when I called this meeting. I know what needs to be done. The reason I came here is because I need your support to do it. We need to look at the options available to allow the CSA to operate as it does currently, where whether or not the government forces us into a partnership will not matter. Not all CSA activities are questionable. Field Operations would be the main department affected by this. This is also our most important department as you are all aware. This is what needs protecting. This is what we need to work on now. This is where I need your support.
Youre suggesting taking only Field Ops underground? Jeff asked.
Creating a black ops unit within the CSA itself, Bill realized.
Something along those lines, yes, Adam revealed.
The Mentors eyed one another, taken aback. It was a great undertaking. Adam had yet to work out the kinks, but he knew it was possible. The room erupted into a heated discussion. Voices were raised. Fists slammed upon the table. Tempers flared.
Adam watched sadly, realizing that the Circle was divided. They could not reach an agreement. So much was at stake and he had hoped they would rise to the occasion and give their support.
He got up from the table and headed towards the door. They needed time. They werent ready to do what he needed them to. He walked out.

CHAPTER 21
It was pushing sunrise when Adam neared home. The events of the day had drained him. He was exhausted.
He was driving through Abbeys neighborhood now. He had to pass through the area to get home. Usually, he just continued on through. But tonight, something stopped him. An overwhelming need for company betook him. After everything that had happened that day he couldnt bear to be alone.
He glanced ahead, seeing the entrance to the mile-long dirt road that led to Abbeys home. Without thinking much about it he made the turn.
 * * * * *
Adam sat, his hands resting on the steering wheel, the engine turned off, fighting himself. Hed stopped the car halfway in. He was conflicted. Should he go to her? For the first time in his life he found he was incapable of making a decision. So he just sat in complete limbo, unable to do one or the other.
Suddenly, a fist rapped on the drivers window. He almost shot out of his seat from the sheer surprise of it. It had scared the crap out of him. He turned to see who stood outside. It was she. He rolled down his window.
Are you gonna actually make it to my house or just sit out here all night? she asked with an amused smile.
Sorry...I was...I...I dont know....
Abbey saw his distress. She didnt know what had happened, but from the state he was in she wagered it was something to do with his wife.
Come on, she urged him.
Adam hesitated.
Dont worry about the car. You can move it when you leave.
He climbed out of the car tiredly. They walked together towards her house. She reached out and gripped his hand tightly. He was grateful for it.
How did you know I was here?
The security guys picked you up and told me.
I see.
They reached the house. Adam approached the security guard on the porch and said, Ive got this for tonight, Danny. Go home. Same goes for Craig.
Yes, Commander, Danny said, saluting Adam.
Adam nodded. He watched Abbey wave him a sweet goodbye. Danny smiled and then made his way down the porch steps and headed down the driveway.
Adam glanced at Abbey. She certainly had a way about her. She just drew people in. He had never seen Danny crack a smile or show any human emotion for that matter.
He followed her inside her house and locked the door behind him.
Have a seat, she said, gesturing to the couch.
She headed off to the kitchen.
Moments later, she returned clutching two beer cans. She handed him one and then took a seat beside him on the couch.
He looked at her. Wearing baby blue sweatpants, a white tank top, and fluffy blue slippers, she seemed so relaxed and at peace. It was the first time he had seen her like that. It was good to see.
So, what brought you here tonight?
Adam took a sip of his beer. Im not sure. Its been a bad day. I just...I....
Abbey moved closer to him and laid her hand on his shoulder. You just didnt want to be alone tonight?
He turned to look at her. Yeah.
Do you want to talk about it? she asked.
Yeah, I really, really do, he thought. But of course he couldnt. All the information was classified. Besides, Colin was her uncle. He didnt want to reveal to her just what kind of a man he really was. He was the only family she had left. He couldnt take that away from her.
I do, but...I cant, he said.
Abbey understood and she felt for him. It was difficult to imagine just how awful it had to be for him. He couldnt share his problems or his deepest hurts with anyone, because a lot of that information was sensitive and classified.
He hunched over and brought his hands to his face.
Its okay. Itll be all right whatever it is, she spoke softly, rubbing his back gently in an effort to comfort him. He was in so much pain; he was stuck in a place that he couldnt bear to be. She understood.
Is there anything I can do?
Adam raised his head and turned to her. Youre doing it.
He reached out and cupped her face. She was so warm, so sweet.
She flinched from the coldness of his hand against her skin, but she could not pull away. His touch was electric, intense. She didnt want him to take his hand off her.
Adam studied her. She was so innocent, so tender. He saw a longing for him in her eyes, the same look he had seen the last time they were together.
She eased closer, gazing at him intently, watching his expression. Her lips brushed tenderly against his. She softly kissed him, slowly and lingeringly. She sensed his hesitation to respond. He wasnt sure. She pulled back, wanting only to comfort him and not to force anything upon him that she knew he wasnt ready for. He had been a great comfort to her thus far and she didnt want to jeopardize their potentially budding friendship.
Leaning forward, she reached for the TV remote on the coffee table and turned it on to drown the tension in the room.
Thanks, he whispered, taking her hand and gripping it firmly.
She turned to him and smiled. She relaxed back onto the couch and the two of them stared ahead at the TV in silence.

CHAPTER 22
Adam woke up. He glanced around, confused. Where am I?
It took him a few moments to get his bearings. He was still at Abbeys place. He must have fallen asleep. He moved to get up, but he was stopped by a weight against him. He looked down to see her lying in his arms sound asleep.
Flashes of memories of him and his wife waking up together just like this flew through his head. It wouldnt stop. It was too much.
No, he exclaimed aloud and scrambled to get up.
The commotion stirred Abbey awake. What? she asked, moving off him. She watched him pace up and down the living room. He was really freaked out.
Im sorry, he told her.
Its okay. We just fell asleep though. Thats all, okay? she said, trying to calm him.
Abbey, thats all this can ever be. Do you understand? he told her, a little too firmly.
Abbey was taken aback by the fierceness in his tone. But she could do little but let it slide. She knew how distressed he was. He approached her and gripped her shoulders aggressively. But she wasnt afraid. She gazed into his eyes.
Silence enveloped the room and they stared at one another for a long while, neither of them able to find the words.
Go take a shower. Ill make coffee, she spoke suddenly.
Before Adam could protest she broke his grip on her and walked away to the kitchen.
He smiled at her bossiness. Well, it was her house. She had every right.
Upstairs, first door on the left, she called out.
He headed upstairs as instructed. She was impressive. The way she could absolve all the tension in the room as skillfully as she had with her shower order. She would make a great diplomat.
Five minutes passed before the coffee pot had finished brewing. Abbey set to pouring it into a couple of black ceramic mugs when she heard a knock at the door. Instinctively, she grabbed a chefs knife out of the kitchen drawer and held it ready at her side as she moved through the living room towards the door. She hoped it was the security guards returning to the house. But just in case, she was prepared.
She readied herself and then threw open the door, knife in hand.
Rick Walker stood before her.
With lightning fast reflexes he gripped the knife, stopping it in mid-air.
I figured you wouldnt be overjoyed to see me on your doorstep, but dont you think this is going a little too far? he joked. He released his grip on the knife and stepped back.
What the hell are you doing here? she demanded as she lowered the knife to her side.
I missed you.
Where are the guards?
They wont come back until Adam leaves. Interesting thing is, looks like he spent the night here.
None of your business.
Whats going on?
Hes a good friend of mine.
Rick stepped closer to her. Abbey backed away and moved to shut the door, but his hand gripped it, holding it steady. Just hear me out.
Abbey folded her arms and told him with impatience, Fine.
I cant get you out of my head. What you said at the park the other day, the night we kissed. I couldnt close the deal with that woman, because of it.
Maybe you were tired.
No, Ab. Its because I wanted it to be you.
Abbey was taken aback by his raw honesty. He wasnt faking it. He really did feel what he claimed. Maybe there was more to him than she had given him credit for?
No, stop it, she demanded, quickly coming to her senses.
Rick moved closer until there was barely any space between them. Hell never be able to love you, not like he loved her. You will never be good enough. It will eat you up, Ab.
Were just friends, Abbey fought back weakly.
He pressed his body against hers, forcing her back against the wall. She felt him against her. He was rock hard and he knew exactly where to position himself.
Just give me a shot, he breathed.
He watched her expression, saw her eyes roll back from pleasure. He knew he wasnt playing fair. He knew exactly what he was doing.
But then something unprecedented happened.
No, dont, she exclaimed, trying to push him back.
He was surprised. He could see she was turned on by what he was doing. How on earth was she resisting it? God, she was difficult.
Rick! she yelled, struggling to push him off.
He had his entire weight against her. She couldnt move him.
Give me a shot.
Get off me!
Come on, you want this, Abbey.
No, stop!
Ill be gentle, he said, reaching between her legs. She jumped as his hand fondled her where no man had before.
No, dont. Please, Rick. Stop it!
Rick! Adams voice roared suddenly.
Before Rick could react, he was ripped away from Abbey. Adams hands gripped his shoulders and pushed him back. He stumbled back into the porch railing.
You okay? Adam asked Abbey.
She nodded. Yeah, fine, she choked out, trying to compose herself.
Adam saw an uncomfortable glance pass between her and Rick.
What are you doing? he demanded.
Nothing. It was a misunderstanding.
The word no is crystal clear. What had you confused?
Abbey reached for his arm. Its okay. Just leave it, she said, trying to pull him away.
But he ignored her. He couldnt let this slide. Rick needed to respect boundaries.
Well? he pressed Rick.
Abbey sighed and leaned back against the house, her eyes on the ground. She was embarrassed that Adam had witnessed what he had. She felt Ricks gaze burning into her, willing her to look at him. But she could not. The entire thing was so awkward and uncomfortable. But Adam wouldnt let it go. He was too much of a gentleman to allow it.
This is whats confusing! Rick yelled, gesturing between the three of them.
What? Adam asked.
Rick caught Abbeys eye. He saw the plea in her eyes willing him not to take it there. She was asking a hell of a lot from him. God, woman, youre killing me here!
He heaved a sigh and swallowed his pride. What are you doing here anyway?
I came here to talk to Abbey about something, Adam responded, confused by the sudden shift in direction that Rick was forcing the conversation.
Hmm, Rick said, glaring at Adam. He seethed with jealousy. And you decided to spend the night here, did you?
Not like that, Abbey interjected.
You should get going, Rick. Youre gonna be late, Adam said.
So should you, Commander.
They glared at one another heatedly.
My cars here. Ill give you a ride, Adam offered, not prepared to leave Rick alone with Abbey after what he had just witnessed.
I have my own wheels.
Fine. After you, Adam said, gesturing to the porch steps.
Fine, Rick murmured and headed down the steps.
He walked ahead with Adam not far behind.
By the way, thanks a lot for blocking the damn driveway! Rick yelled over his shoulder.
Maybe next time youll think twice about venturing out here, Adam shot back.

CHAPTER 23
Abbey carried her groceries across the parking lot towards her car. She cursed herself for not parking closer and for buying too many canned goods.
In the last few weeks shed had complete peace and quiet. She had heard nothing from Adam or Rick. After the messy situation at her house she was sure that Adam had made a decision to stay away for a while. As for Rick, she knew it wasnt over where he was concerned. What he would do next, she had no idea. She dreaded thinking about it.
But at least she could enjoy the quiet while it lasted. It was exactly what she had needed to get through the worst of her grief over her fathers murder. Although she missed him greatly, it was more bearable now. She had never thought that the day would arrive. She still had no idea what she would do now with her life. Perhaps she just needed more time. It would come to her.
She neared her car and that was when she felt it.
Someone was watching her!
She spun around. The parking lot was packed with shoppers. It was the middle of the day on a Saturday. She scanned the crowd and spotted someone looking back at her. Then another. And a couple more.
Shit!
She picked up her pace and hurried to the car. She wasnt armed at all. It was the middle of the day and she was a civilian, why would she be? Shed convinced CSA security to give her some breathing space. She fumbled for her cell. She knew they couldnt be too far away.
Four more men approached from the rear of the parking lot. They came around and blocked her path to the car. She dropped her groceries and her cell. She turned back anxiously to the grocery store. The four men shed spotted were now in full view, approaching rapidly.
Within seconds eight of them surrounded her.
Jameson sends his regards, one of them spoke.
Abbey recognized him as Joe from the fight in the cemetery a few months back.
You should have stayed away, he told her.
Your boys deserved a good beat down, she shot back, assuming a fighting stance.
Okay, boys. Kill her, Joe ordered. He smirked and licked his lips at Abbey. He watched with excited anticipation as his seven men ran at her.
The first attacker reached her and swept his foot at her. Abbey grabbed it and forced him back. She followed through with a spinning kick to his stomach. There was so much power behind it that it knocked him off his feet.
Before she could finish him, another pair of hands grabbed her from behind, trying to force her into a body lock. She slammed her head back, shattering his nose, and threw his hands away from her. But two others stood before her.
By then the other three had reached her.
Youre unarmed. You cant win. What else you got? Joe called as he approached her.
Shes got us, a voice bellowed from a few feet away.
Joe spun around to see Adam Reede and his field agents approaching from behind the parking lot. In seconds they had them surrounded.
Walk away, Joe, Adam warned him.
If you were armed, perhaps I would. But thats right, you cant because its the middle of the day. The chance of collateral damage is too high. Hand-to-hand, theres eight of us. You got five. Id like to play with those odds, Commander.
Adam was flanked by Rick, Rachel, and Ty: three of his best field agents. He knew Joe had just signed his death sentence. He smiled and raised his hand, signaling the agents to attack.
They were on Joes men in seconds. Ty and Rachel barreled into the thick of the fight. Ty used his weight to disperse the men on the outer rim so that he and Rachel could take them one at a time. Adam headed over to Joe. Rick approached the three men in the center who had resumed battling Abbey.
Ab! he called out.
She turned to him and watched as he threw a blade through the air. She caught it with ease and spun it around in her hand.
Thanks, she called back.
Rick winked at her and began battling two of the attackers.
In a matter of seconds victory was theirs. All of Joes men lay sprawled unconscious across the parking lot tarmac.
Were done here, Commander, Ty said, approaching Adam, who was cuffing a badly beaten Joe.
Call for a transport. We need this area cleared, he said.
Will do.
Adam glanced at the battle scene. He caught sight of Rachel watching something beside Abbeys car. He walked closer and saw Rick and Abbey engrossed in conversation. They were too far away for him to hear what they were saying, but he was surprised to see that Abbey wasnt pushing him away.
You sure we rescued her? Rachel spoke as Adam approached.
She can handle him.
Rachel turned to Adam. Yeah, thats what I thought when I got involved with him.
She turned on her heel and walked towards Ty to prepare for the arrival of the transport for the Syndicate personnel that littered the parking lot.
Abbey stood leaning against the car as Rick spoke. Adrenaline coursed through her veins. She was feeling lightheaded, not herself. She always felt different after a fight.
Looks like I trained you well, Rick told her.
Youre good at what you do, Abbey admitted.
Rick understood what she was really referring to. He smiled at her.
Really, you think so? he asked, desiring to hear more.
Yeah, but you already knew that, right?
He winked at her.
She held the knife out to him. This is yours.
Keep it.
Abbey studied the blade. Its a good blade.
I have dozens.
Abbey couldnt help but smile. For once he wasnt being so overbearing and aggressive. It was a side to him that she hadnt seen. She liked it. A lot.
Before anything more could be said Adam arrived.
Rick. Give me five. I need to speak with Abbey.
Sure, Rick complied and walked away towards Ty and Rachel.
Adam studied Abbey closely. He watched as she spun the knife Rick had given her around in her hand. She had amazing skill with a blade. But instead of impressing him, it worried him. He knew what battle did to her. Hed seen it firsthand. It overtook her, drawing out her animal instincts, just as it did to Rick.
Thanks, Adam...for coming for me, she said.
Do you understand why they attacked you? What this means? he asked her, ignoring her words of gratitude.
Yeah, yeah I do.
Adam stepped closer to her and confirmed, Youre marked by the Syndicate. Luckily, we intercepted intel about this planned attack a couple of hours prior. He sighed and turned away to hide his upset. I cant be around to protect you from them twenty-four-seven, Abbey. They will keep coming.
What are you saying?
A few moments passed before he turned back to her. This changes everything. There are two choices. One: you leave town. Two: I recruit you into the CSA.
I thought you were hell-bent on keeping me out of the CSA?
Im also hell-bent on keeping you alive, he said. You need to make a decision now. There isnt time for soul-searching. If you join the CSA you follow my orders precisely. No questions asked. You need to keep an eye on those instincts of yours. You cant afford to let them guide all of your actions. If I start to see it overtaking you I will pull you from the field and youll spend the rest of your days working behind a desk. Is that clear?
Abbey nodded.
Adam paused before continuing, If you decide you want to leave, I will make arrangements to set you up somewhere safe. You will not be able to re-enter the city under any circumstances. You will not be permitted to have contact with anyone here, not even me, at least not for the first couple of years. So, those are your options. What do you want, Abbey?
Abbey eyed Adam gravely. She knew either decision would change her life forever. Nothing would be the same now. But she knew where her heart lay.
Im in.
Okay, was all he said.
She stepped closer to him and gripped his arm. I want you to know that Im in it to help like you said. This isnt about vengeance anymore, Adam. I know I can help.
He stared at her hand on his arm and quickly backed away. When you return from training, you will be an agent of the Civilian Security Agency. I will be your Commander. Our friendship will be second to that. I will treat you as I treat any other agent. Do you understand what Im telling you?
Abbey was a little taken aback, but not shocked. She had expected something along those lines. He would be her superior after all. What she hadnt expected was his tone. It was so severe, so cold. But there was nothing she could say. So, instead, she just nodded and tried very hard not to reveal any emotion over it. He appeared to be more than fine with it. Why shouldnt she? He was shutting her down and he had CSA code of conduct to back him up.
Fine by me.
It came out with more of an edge to it that she had wanted, but it was the best she could do. It hurt her to know that he was putting up a wall between them. So be it, Commander. If thats the way you want it.
Adam could see that she was hurt. But he had no choice. He had to.
Transport is here, Commander, Ty called out.
Adam glanced over to see that the truck had arrived. Rachel, Ty, and Rick had already begun to board the Syndicate personnel. They would transport them to the CSA holding area.
Security will ride home with you. Theyll be here in seven minutes. I need to make a private call. Wait in your car. Ill be watching over there, Adam said, gesturing to a wall a few feet away at the edge of the parking lot.
Abbey nodded.
Adam headed over to the truck to instruct his team.
Take the transport back to the HQ. Ill follow in ten, he ordered.
I can escort Abbey home. Im off shift in twenty minutes anyway, Rick offered.
Security has that covered, Adam shot back.
A look passed between them.
Fine, Rick growled.
See you back at base, Ty called as he climbed into the truck.
Lets go! Rachel yelled to Rick from the passenger side of the truck.
Adam watched as Rick climbed in.
They drove away and he turned back to watch Abbey until security arrived. He pulled out his phone and dialed as he kept an eye on her.

CHAPTER 24
Abbey hurried down the stairs, wrapping her white cotton robe around her hastily. Her hair was dripping wet and shed barely had time to dry herself off. As soon as shed stepped out of the shower shed heard someone knocking on the front door.
She looked through the peephole. She was startled and stepped back. The knocking continued. She braced herself and opened the door.
Rick Walker stood smiling at her. His eyes wandered freely over her barely clothed, wet body. Instinctively, Abbey tightened her robe and held it shut at her chest.
What are you doing here? Wheres security? she stumbled.
Theyre standing guard at the end of the driveway. I told them that I had a message to give to you from Adam so they let me through.
Abbey waited, but he just continued to stare at her.
And, that message would be?
His eyes just continued to wander.
She jabbed him in the arm, Rick!
He snapped back into focus. Ow! Did you just hit me? he said, rubbing his arm.
She raised her eyebrows expectantly.
Right, the message. I forget. I knew I should have written it down.
She rolled her eyes and moved to shut the door. Goodbye, Rick.
His hand shot out, gripping it tightly. I just came by to talk.
You mean like last time?
Rick sighed and stepped back from the door. Listen, Im sorry. When Im around you things areintense. Im not always in control when were together.
Were together right now, Abbey said, worriedly.
NoIm notI didnt mean that to sound like a threat. he stumbled. He took a moment to gather his thoughts. Im not gonna make a move, he said with a sly wink.
Abbeys eyes narrowed. What does that mean? He thought she was going to make a move on him? Her head told her to shut the door in his face. But a gut instinct drove her to do the opposite. Before she knew it, she was stepping aside and allowing him across the threshold.
She closed the door and leaned against it, watching him as he studied the house.
Nice place. Cozy, he said, taking in the living room.
Thanks. So, you said you wanted to talk? she said, gesturing to the couch.
He took a seat and smiled at her with amusement. Are you just gonna stand by the door the whole time that Im here?
Maybe, she said, sheepishly.
Rick chuckled and relaxed into the couch. Well, I came by to talk to you about what happened yesterday.
Well, Im fine, thanks to you guys.
Rick shook his head. You didnt need us there.
What?
That was Adam just being overprotective.
There were eight of them, Rick.
Just numbers, Ab. For people like us, that doesnt matter. I know how good you are. You just dont see it yet. If you had to you could have wiped the floor with all of Joes men. You have that instinct, that power. You just need to let it out.
Abbey shook her head.
Thats what I wanted to talk about. You havent even begun to tap into the real power that you have. I know its because youre afraid. But its not just a part of your fight, its who you are. Until you let it out youll always feel trapped, like nothing is ever enough.
I do use it, Rick, she said, moving away from the door as she began to get caught up in the conversation.
Rick shook his head sadly. You barely scrape the surface. Youre afraid of your own power, your own passions. Thats why I scare you.
Im not afraid of you, Abbey chuckled, perching beside him on the couch.
Youre afraid of what I make you feel.
Abbey broke eye contact and looked away. I havent ever
I know. I know how innocent you are, he said, cutting her off, But thats not what scares you. Its because you know I can take it where youre afraid to take it. Youre afraid of the dark.
Its too powerful. I cant control that part of me, she said, getting up from the couch.
Then youll never feel alive, he said, following her as she headed back to the door.
She spun around. He stood right in front of her. He was so close. But he didnt touch her or try to make a move. He was keeping his word.
You should go, she forced herself to say.
Is that what you want? he choked out, turned on by her closeness.
She made the mistake of meeting his gaze. His eyes were intense as though they were on fire. They were hungry. Before she could stop herself her right hand hesitantly brushed the arm of his leather jacket. Her other hand joined in until she was caressing both his arms without any hesitation.
Rick smiled to himself. Thats right, baby. Take as much time as you need.
She took hold of his hands and weaved her fingers in his, pulling him into her until her back jarred against the door. She stood on her tiptoes and as he bent down to meet her, she whispered in his ear, Touch me.
He leaned into her and breathed, I want you to let go.
Abbey took his words in. She could feel her pulse quickening with anticipation. She gasped as she suddenly felt his mouth on her neck. His tongue caressed her skin, sending an excited shiver through her body.
Abruptly, he pulled back and gazed at her hungrily. Come on, baby, he challenged.
She couldnt take the tension any longer. It was too extreme. She gave in. With a will of their own her hands shot out and gripped the collar of his leather jacket. She yanked him towards her. Their lips met fiercely. His hands gripped her wet hair, pressing against the back of her head, forcing her mouth tightly to his. He broke her grip on his jacket, taking hold of her hands and pinning them to the wall above her head. His lips left hers, trailing down to her neck, her chest. She moaned loudly. In moments she was panting frantically from the overload of sensations he was triggering within her. He slammed her back against the wall and then she lost control and let go.
Were just getting started, baby, he said, pulling back to shake off his jacket.
Hed barely got it off when her hands were on him. She lifted his shirt above his head and pushed him back towards the stairs, forcing him onto the steps.
Rick smiled. Shed given in completely. She was wild.
She straddled him. He ran his hands up her thighs, taking his time. His teasing drove her crazy and spurred her on. Before he knew what was happening, her tongue met his chest. He gasped. She sent ripples of pleasure through his body as her tongue attended to him. His eyes met hers. She was on fire in a frenzy of passion. She didnt give him a chance to catch his breath before she kissed him fiercely and ground against him. He could feel he was close to the edge.
He grabbed her waist and pushed her to her feet. His hands slipped inside her robe and she growled as he fondled her breasts while guiding her backwards up the first flight of stairs.
Frantically, he unclasped his belt and ripped off his pants and boxers. He opened her robe and gazed at her amazing body. He licked his lips at her with anticipation and kissed her fiercely. His hand delved between her legs as his other held her against him steadily. He could feel her innocence. He had barely touched her there before the sensations overwhelmed her. Her screams and moans were music to his ears. She bucked against him. Her panting became more frantic and he knew she was close.
Not yet, he whispered.
Before she could protest, he grabbed her thighs, lifted her up, and slammed her against the wall, hard. He moved into position. He looked at her. He saw the fear in her eyes. He forced himself to hold back and he eased into her slowly. He watched her eyes go wide with shock.
Ready? he breathed when he felt she could take it.
He saw her nod and he thrust into her hard, driving deep within her. She screamed. Her nails dug into his biceps. He heard her shriek his name as he continued his powerful motion. She wanted more. He relished her begging him to make it rougher. Her screams drove him crazy. She didnt stop until they both tasted bliss and he finally pulled out.
Christ, Rick exhaled as he put her down and leaned against the wall for support.
Abbey gazed at him. Her eyes were wide with disbelief.
I knew you had that in you, he told her as he wrapped his arms around her.
She didnt respond. He could feel her trembling against him. He swept her off her feet and started to carry her upstairs. He studied her. Her eyes were glazed over. She was still coming down from letting her primal instincts completely consume her for the first time. He remembered what that felt like. It was disorientating and exhausting. But it was also gratifying beyond belief. It was better than sex. And when the two were combined it was indescribable.
Where are you taking me? she murmured.
It takes a while to come back from it, the first time. A shower will help.
Sex? she asked, confused.
No, unleashing your instincts.
She looked at him quizzically.
He smiled and told her, Theres a lot I have to teach you.

CHAPTER 25
Adam sat at his desk, cigarette in hand, with Paul across from him. They both listened attentively to the voice from the wireless conference device on the desk between them.
You walking out made quite the impression, Bills voice boomed from the speakers.
Never underestimate shock value, Paul joked, eyeing Adam.
It worked. Theyre all worried, fearful that youll invoke executive power and oust half of them. Theyll find a way to reach a unanimous agreement now, Bill added.
Lets hope so, Adam said.
Well played, Bill commended him.
Its a shame it had to come to that, Adam said, taking a long drag of his cigarette.
Its something Jim would have done. They challenged him now and again, you know.
Not as often, I bet. Adam was tired of almost every decision he made being challenged by the Circle. Prior to becoming Commander of the CSA he had always been a staunch believer in democracy. But having tried and tested it now he found it only served to complicate and slow progress and strategy in an organization like the CSA. It was a constant uphill battle trying to wade through the sea of bureaucratic channels just to get something ratified. It was an unnecessary waste of energy, which could be better spent on other things like the daily operation of the agency. It was time he really didnt have. But the Circle would remain. It was a necessary evil. When they were behind him it was a great asset. Between them there was over one hundred years worth of experience and a hell of a lot of power.
Lets discuss training, Adam said, moving the conversation along.
We have nine recruits. Seven desk staff. Only two qualify as Field Ops personnel according to Adams anal standards, Paul reported, throwing Adam a withering look.
Three Field Ops recruits now, Adam corrected.
All right. Who? Paul asked, his pen poised, ready to record the details.
Abbey Benson.
Paul stopped short and eyed Adam with raised eyebrows. They could hear Bill choking on his cigar through the speaker.
Holy shit, he rasped.
Jims daughter? Paul asked.
The very one.
I thought you were protecting her? Paul asked, not understanding Adams reasoning.
I am. Theres a hit on her. It was a stroke of luck that we got the tip off in time yesterday. That may not happen again. The hits still active. The Syndicate will keep coming. Bringing her in is the only way I can protect her now. Security guards wont be enough. Besides, she has the instinct. Shell be a great asset.
Adam, Ill give her a shot, but we may have some issues if she is another Rick Walker like you feared a while back, Bill warned him.
Shit, dont give me two of them to deal with, Paul beseeched Adam.
Relax. Shell follow orders. Ive already discussed it with her. Besides, Bill, I know you can rein her in.
Did with you.
Sort of, Paul added, smirking at Adam.
Funny, Adam responded with a smile.
Okay, send me the three. Rupert will train the others as usual.
Thanks, Bill. Talk to you soon.
Adam ended the call and turned to Paul. Itll be fine.
I guess well see.
Anything from Joe yet?
Paul shook his head.
He knows a great deal. Hell know how to stop the hit. Time to step up the interrogation, Adam said.
What do you have in mind?
Wheres Rick?
Paul glanced at his watch and said, Could be anywhere. Strip joint? Straddling his next victim? Who knows? Hes not on shift today.
Okay, Ill track him down. Time to bring in the big guns.
Youre gonna let Rick question him?
The both of us.
You want me to put the medics on standby?
 * * * * *
Peaceful, isnt it? Rick said, turning to Abbey.
The two of them stood on a balcony on the forty-second floor of a condo building overlooking the city below. It was the tallest building in the city.
Yeah, she breathed. It is.
I come up here sometimes when things down there get too loud.
Abbey took his hand in hers and asked, When youre too attuned to your surroundings?
Yeah, he said pensively.
Sometimes you cant shut it out? she asked, worriedly.
Sometimes. But its rare for it to get to that point. It will usually happen when Im not at my bestsick, wounded, or just exhausted. Its a small price to pay...for power.
It is intoxicating.
Rick smiled. Yes it is.
And the sex wasnt bad either.
Rick took her in his arms and gazed at her intensely. That was just a taste. If you let me, I can show you more, a lot more. The first time you let go in battle, youll really know what it means to feel completely alive.
She pulled back and looked away. She let out a heavy sigh as she told him, Today was the first time Ive ever felt like that. Alive.
I know, baby. I know. He reached for her. She pulled back and turned away. When she turned back around shed shaken off the sadness that had affected her. She didnt want him to see her vulnerability. She was still guarded.
So, whats the deal with this place? she asked, changing the subject.
This entire building is empty. When the Syndicate moved into this part of town a couple of years back it scared off the wealthy types.
She spun to face him. Youre telling me were on Syndicate territory right now?
Relax. They wont know were here.
How can you be so sure?
Rick smiled slyly and said, Because, Im just that good.
Abbey raised her eyebrows.
Look, you saw how easily I got both of us past those CSA security guards. They didnt even know we left together. They probably still dont.
Abbey shook her head disapprovingly. You make trouble for yourself.
Theres no trouble if you know what youre doing, he countered.
Abbey sighed and gazed out at the view of the city below. Everything seemed a world away. The houses, the buildings, and the streets were microscopic, like a toy village.
How did this happen? The CSA couldnt stop them?
Oh, we could have stopped them. We were ready to go, but Adam couldnt get authorization from the higher-ups to launch the strike. They were worried it would force an all-out war. He was pissed for a long time about that one.
I can imagine, Abbey murmured.
Rick could see her thoughts had started to drift elsewhere. It didnt take a genius to figure out where to, or who to. He reached out and took her hand, drawing her to him. He gazed at her. She was gorgeous. Her long, ebony hair was still a little wet from the shower. It dripped onto her black leather jacket. Beneath it she wore a blue pastel t-shirt that accentuated her breasts in all the right ways. He tried hard to push aside the mental image of her naked body standing before him earlier. But it was still fresh on his mind.
He couldnt resist the urge to touch her. His hands delved into the back pockets of her charcoal jeans and he stroked her ass sensually. She murmured agreeably.
I hope youre not too sore, he whispered.
Theres only one way to find out, she said, winking at him.
He was startled by her brazenness. Her shyness was already starting to melt away, just as he had expected it would. He didnt need her to tell him twice. He grabbed her by the waist and lifted her off her feet. She wrapped her legs around him as he carried her back inside the condo. He pressed her against the nearest wall and their lips met aggressively.
But before things could get any further, a sudden buzzing interrupted them. Rick followed the sound. It was coming from his jacket pocket.
One sec, he told her, reaching for his phone with one hand while still holding her up with the other. He glanced at the call display and sighed. Sorry, I have to take this.
Commander, he answered breathlessly as he put her down.
Abbey was a little taken aback that Adam was calling at that moment. She hadnt expected it. It felt a little awkward.
Not talking? Of course, what else did you expect from him?
Rick moved away and began pacing the room as he listened. Now? Cant it wait? He glanced at Abbey. What? No, Im alone right now. Where? Just around.
He turned away from her again and lowered his voice as he said, The guy hates me, Adam. Cuz of that thing with his wife. Im not really in that frame of mind right now. I dont feel like interrogating him. What? What about her? Still active? Fine, okay, okay. Ill be there in half an hour. Keep him conscious til I get there.
He hung up and turned back to face Abbey.
You have to go? she asked before he could get a word out.
I have to go, he confirmed.
Thirty minutes? More than enough time, she said, gesturing for him to come closer.
Oh, baby. You know how much I want you. But I cant do it like that, not with you.
Why not?
Rick approached her and took her hands. Because, I like to take my time with you.
Abbey studied him closely. She let out a laugh. You dont have to play me, Rick.
Im not.
I know what this is, she continued.
No you dont.
Im not expecting anything.
I am, he said.
Abbey was taken aback.
This isnt just another notch on the bedpost to me, he said as he reached out and stroked her hair. Youre special.
She met his intense gaze but said nothing.
And, I dont want to share you with anyone else, he told her. Do you understand what Im saying? he added gently.
Are you asking me or telling me, Rick?
Asking. I remember very clearly what you told me at the park that day. Guys dont forget the first time they get shot down. I know better than to try to dominate you.
Then, sure. Its fine by me.
Rick smiled. Im glad. He glanced at his watch and said, Lets get going. Ill drive you home before I head in.
My place is well out of your way. Dont worry about it.
Rick wrapped his arm around her and walked her to the door. I dont think so. Im driving you. End of story.
Fine. Fine, Abbey relented.

CHAPTER 26
Rick arrived at the CSA parking lot on foot. As he descended the ramp towards the parked cars he spotted Adam standing near the elevator having a smoke. Waiting for him.
Hey, he greeted.
Adam studied him. His demeanor was a little different from usual, but he couldnt put his finger on exactly what it was. Something was up.
What happened to you?
Nothing. Why? What is he talking about? What is it?
The scratches on your arms.
Rick glanced down at himself. Shit. He hadnt even noticed. Blood-red scratches were etched into both his arms courtesy of Abbey. He kicked himself for not checking his appearance before hed arrived. Hed left his jacket at home in preparation for the interrogation that lay ahead. Blood was difficult to get out of the leather.
Right, right. Its nothing.
Youre sure? All violent incidents need to be reported, Adam pressed.
I know. This wasnt an incident. Everythings fine.
Wheres your car?
At home. I felt like walking. I needed to clear my frigging head.
Adams eyes narrowed in scrutiny. Youre sure everything is okay?
Rick nodded. Yeah.
All right, Adam relented. He dragged on his smoke and then asked, How was Abbey?
What? Rick asked, taken aback.
How was Abbey when you two spoke after the attempted hit yesterday?
Right, the hit. Of course thats what he meant. Damn, calm down! Pull yourself together!
Didnt you already discuss it with her?
I did, but she didnt say much about that. She might have said something to you? I want to make sure shes taking it seriously. She needs to be cautious, Adam explained.
Adam, shes a big girl.
Rick saw that Adam was about to rebut his flippant comment. Quickly, he interrupted him to shift the conversation away from the dangerous and contentious subject matter of Abbey. So, you have a strategy for this interrogation?
Adam stubbed out his cigarette and the two of them made their way towards the elevator. Our usual approach.
Nice. Just like old times, huh?
Yeah, yeah it is, Adam agreed with a smile. He laid a friendly hand on Ricks shoulder.
Rick was a little taken aback. It had been a while since they had been without contention between them. But sadly, it could never last, especially if Adam found out about him and Abbey. He could only hope that it would be a while before that happened.
 * * * * *
Rick and Adam entered the interrogation room that Joe had been moved to moments prior to their arrival. Adam locked the door behind them and followed Rick into the room.
It was as unwelcoming and intimidating as it was intended to be. Whitewashed walls surrounded the sterile room. A single metal-frame table was positioned in the center of the room with two chairs either side. Joe sat on one side, his cuffed hands resting on the table.
Couldnt get anything out of me so they bring in the big boys, eh? Joe commented as Rick and Adam approached.
You can never do things the easy way, Joe. If this was a Syndicate interrogation youd be half-dead by now, Adam warned him as he reached over the table and uncuffed his hands.
He and Rick took a seat on the other side of the table facing him.
Shame you guys cant do that. Got people watching you.
Actually, your capture is off the record. It wasnt logged. Theres no surveillance in this room. No mirror, Adam corrected.
Why did you bring this son of a bitch with you? Joe said, giving Rick the evil eye. Slept with my wife in my bed. My house!
While you were out screwing strippers, Rick rebutted.
Joe moved to lunge at him, but Adam gripped his arm. I wouldnt do that.
Joe took Adams warning in. He shifted his glance to Rick. He saw the flash in his eyes, the look of a predator always ready to pounce at the slightest opportunity. He heeded Adams warning and slumped back into his seat. He noticed the scratches on Ricks arms. He eyed him with intrigue and said, What happened to you? You let a woman get rough with you? You let them do the dominating now?
Cat, Rick rebutted, coolly.
He and Adam exchanged a quick glance. Adam rolled his eyes.
Sucked on your neck too? Joe asked, noticing the hickeys on the left side of his neck. Thought you never allowed your whores to mark you?
With amazing speed Rick shot out his hand and gripped Joes neck.
Rick, Adam cautioned. He was surprised at his reaction. He had never seen him lose his cool during an interrogation.
Wow, this ones not like the others, huh? Youre whipped, boy, Joe taunted him.
Rick adjusted his grip and forced his head forward, smashing it brutally into the tabletop.
Tell me what you know about the hit, Adam demanded.
He gestured for Rick to release Joe. He complied and relaxed back into his seat, his arms folded across his chest.
Joe lifted his head and eyed Rick angrily. He wiped the blood away that leaked from his nostrils. You stopped it, he told Adam.
Its still active. Who was the backup if you failed?
Dunno.
Think about it, Adam warned, getting up and starting to pace behind him.
You cant stop it.
Why not? Rick asked.
Joe remained silent.
Joe! Adam demanded.
Joe craned his neck to look at Adam. That Abbey is a smoking hot piece of ass. I was looking forward to tapping that.
Without warning, Adam heaved him brutally off the chair with what seemed like little effort at all. Rage propelled him and he sent him sprawling across the cold cement floor. He grunted at the impact.
Rick glanced at Adam, taken aback at his sudden display of brutal strength. He was usually the good cop figure.
Adam knelt down beside Joe and gripped his hair and whispered eerily, Tell me.
Joe exhaled exasperatedly and said, Aside from Carl, Im the most senior Syndicate member. If I fail to carry out an op, who the hell else do you think can do it?
Someone with skills? Rick posed, approaching.
Adam let go of Joe and got to his feet, allowing him to do the same.
Skills? he yelled furiously as he adjusted his clothes. He thinks they are better at getting the job done than me! Better, my ass! Ive been carrying out missions for him for frigging years. Now he decides to bring them in more and more. Damned colonel.
Hartlett? Where is he? Is he in the city now? Adam demanded.
Hell kill her. No one can stop them.
Rick socked him hard in the stomach. Joe doubled over.
Where is he? Adam repeated.
I dont know.
Rick hit him again. He heard the crack of a rib. Joe choked. He stumbled back and gripped the wall.
Hes not here yet as far as I know. His team is finishing another job somewhere. Dunno where. Dont care, he choked out.
How long? Adam pressed.
A month. Two tops.
Adam and Rick exchanged an anxious glance.
How do I find them? Where does Jameson put them up when theyre here?
You cant touch them. They board at the base.
Where do they go to blow off steam? Rick asked.
Joe smirked at Rick and replied, Where do you think?
Rick realized immediately. Strip joints. Whore houses.
A few moments of silence passed. Adams expression was pensive. He was deep in thought, considering the options, absorbing the information Joe had reluctantly given them.
Were done here, he announced suddenly.
Rick nodded and followed Adam towards the door.
Hey, Ricky. Whoever this woman is thats tamed you, Ill find her.
Rick stopped short, his back to Joe, taking in his threat.
Ill mess her up, big time, he continued.
In one precise motion, Rick withdrew his Desert Eagle from its holster, spun, and fired off a perfect shot at Joes kneecap. His knee buckled instantly, causing him to crash to the floor. He roared in pain and writhed in agony, clutching at his leg.
Try doing it now, Rick told him coolly. He turned, passed by Adam, and left the room.
Adam looked at Joe in shock for a few moments before finally leaving the room. As he stepped outside two medics and a security guard came running towards him.
Heard the shot, the security guard explained.
Adam nodded and stepped aside to allow them access to the room.
He spotted Rick a few feet away clutching at the chain link fence which confined the holding cells just beyond the security gates.
I know, I know. I broke protocol. Im sorry, Rick said, sensing Adam as he approached.
Actually, I support what you did. If anyone had it coming, its him.
Rick turned around to face Adam, surprised that he wasnt reprimanding him for shooting an unarmed man.
Whats going on? Adam asked.
Nothing. He doesnt know what hes talking about.
Your reactions say otherwise.
Rick sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. I dunno, I guess Im just tired.
If the work is starting to wear on you, you know you can come to me.
I know. Thanks.
Adam waited, but nothing came. Okay. You know where to find me.
Rick nodded and watched him walk away back towards the elevator. How could he tell him that the reason for his uncharacteristic reactions was Abbey? That it sickened him to hear Joe degrade her, that it enraged him beyond rational thought to hear him threaten her? How could he tell him that he cared about her, that he was infatuated with her, and that he couldnt wait to get out of here to see her again and hold her against him?
He couldnt. He could never know.

CHAPTER 27
I like it better like this, Abbey said, turning to Rick.
She could tell hed made an effort tonight. He looked good in blue jeans, a V-neck charcoal-gray sweatshirt, and a fitted black leather jacket. He actually looked warm and inviting, a contrast to his usual hard, macho look.
Yeah, I like the quiet. Im not much for crowds, as you may have gathered from our trip to the condo earlier.
The two of them walked side by side through Hawthorne Park. Abbey was eating an ice-cream cone while Rick sipped at a large cup of coffee.
You were here when it was packed that day, Abbey said.
Rick eyed her. She was wearing a denim jacket over a white tank and a black miniskirt with knee-high boots. It was the first time he had seen her in a skirt. Very sexy.
Yeah, well. I made an exception that day.
For that girl?
No, for you.
You knew I was there?
Maybe.
He reached for her hand and gently pulled her towards him. Not that it really worked out the way Id wanted it to that day.
Abbey smiled. Might have gone better if you hadnt shoved that bimbo in my face.
She just latched onto me a little while after I got there.
Didnt see you complaining.
Im a guy, not a saint, Ab, Rick told her, moving his hands underneath her jacket and gently stroking her back as he held her. He glanced at the ice-cream cone in her hand and pulled back.
What? she asked.
The way you lick that is.... he said, trailing off.
Turning you on?
Maybe just a little.
Abbey stretched onto her tiptoes and kissed him softly. He relaxed into her kiss and savored her soft touch on his face. He moaned quietly as her fingers warmed his skin.
She pulled back and gestured to her ice-cream cone. Ill get rid of this. For your sanity.
Rick laughed and watched as she adjusted her grip, aimed, and threw it into a nearby garbage can over twenty feet away.
You definitely wont ever be accused of throwing like a girl.
She nodded proudly and said, I know.
Rick loved it when her arrogance surfaced. He smiled. You have many talents.
A look passed between them. A peaceful silence enveloped them as they walked at ease in one anothers company. After a few moments, Abbey withdrew a smoke and lit up.
Adam called me earlier tonight, she announced.
Really? Rick said, as coolly as possible.
Yeah, I leave tomorrow for training. Its two weeks of intensive new recruit field training, psych exams, and fitness tests.
Wow, thats...fast, Rick responded, upset that she would be leaving so soon. It was such bad timing. They had just started something. He didnt want her to leave now.
Yeah.
Abbey, when you get back youll officially be an agent of the CSA. You know that inter-agency relationships are frowned upon, right? Trust me, Ive had Adam on my ass about it before and that was just over a one-time situation. Not like this.
He stopped and took her hand, needing her to look at him.
Yes, Im aware. What are you saying? Abbey said, pulling her hand away defensively.
Rick looked at her and saw through her unaffected faade. He could see her hurt.
We just have to keep it quiet. No one can know, Abbey. Certainly not Adam.
Agreed, Abbey said as she took a long, pensive drag of her smoke.
Silence enveloped them and they gazed at one another. Regret at Abbeys pending leave hung in the air; it was a thick cloud of gray dampening their night together.
Deciding he couldnt take it anymore, Rick abruptly grabbed her hand and said, Come with me.
Before she had the chance to respond he pulled her with him down the hill towards the water below. As soon as they reached the edge of the pool he let go of her and began stripping off his jacket, quickly followed by his shirt.
What are you doing? Abbey asked, highly amused.
Were gonna take a swim.
Naked? she asked, shocked at the notion.
Rick unbuckled his belt and started to unzip his fly as she approached. Why not?
Because...for one thing...its probably freezing.
Thats why you have to promise not to judge me when were in the water, he joked.
Abbey laughed. I already know the truth of that.
Rick winked at her. Come on. Dont think. Do.
Abbey scanned the area. No one was around. She could feel it. Should she follow him? When she turned back around he was already waist-deep in the lake.
A little chilly, he admitted and dove beneath the water to adjust his body to the bitter temperature. He thrust his hands forward, causing the water to rain over her, dousing her.
Guess youre out of options now.
You son of a bitch, she jested.
He watched intently as she shook off her jacket and let it fall to the ground.
She saw him watching her intently. Bet youve watched a lot of women strip for you.
Not like this.
She lifted her shirt over her head to reveal a lacy, black bra underneath.
Thats more like it, he commented, winking at her.
She unzipped her boots and pulled them off and then shimmied out of her skirt until she was standing only in her black, lacy underwear.
He eyed her seductively.
She cleared her throat and gestured for him to turn around.
He laughed and did as he was told.
Moments later, he heard a heavy splash of water and before he could turn around she was on him, pushing him under the water. He managed to take hold of her waist and bring her with him.
They both resurfaced and then the water fight began. They laughed as they splashed each other relentlessly.
Rick swam towards her and eased her backwards towards the majestic waterfall secluded at the far corner of the pool. He held her close and whispered softly, Ill be here when you get back.
Abbey smiled sweetly. No bimbos?
Promise.
He stroked her hair gently and brought his lips to hers.
They kissed tenderly under the cover of the waterfall.

CHAPTER 28
When Abbey had arrived at the facility a few moments prior, the security guard at the gates had directed her to the barracks where all new recruits stayed during induction training. Wearing black track pants, a sports bra, and a light windbreaker jacket, she followed the instructions the security guard had given her. She carried a gym bag on her shoulder containing the bare necessities: clothing, toiletries, cigarettes, and a small flask of whiskey, just in case.
She reached the barracks, painted with traditional camouflage paint and made out of corrugated iron. They looked a lot like giant tin cans secured to the grass. She smiled to herself.
She opened the door to the one marked CTF 3C and stepped inside. She glanced around, scanning the room. There were two uncomfortable-looking single cot-like beds on either side of the room, separated by a metal room divider. A small chest of drawers and a bedside table were situated beside each bed. And, that was the entirety of it. The room reminded Abbey of a cross between a tent and a log cabin without the log element. It was devoid of warmth and very sterile as she imagined was its very intention. It wasnt policy to coddle new recruits.
Suddenly, she sensed a presence behind her followed by the greeting, Hey.
She spun around to see a young woman standing at the entrance also with a gym bag flung over her shoulder. She looked a few years older than Abbey did. Mid-twenties, she guessed. Her long, straight, ebony hair was pulled back into a high ponytail. Her brown eyes complimented her bronzed skin. She wore blue camo pants, a skin-tight low-cut t-shirt, and a fitted denim jacket. She was an attractive woman and she knew it. She radiated confidence and, possibly, a little arrogance.
Serena Marques, she said, dropping her bag and extending her hand.
Abbey smiled and took it. Abbey Benson.
Nice to meet you, girl, Serena said, as she stepped further into the room and glanced around, curiously. Could be worse, she commented finally, turning back to Abbey. Which one you want? she asked, gesturing at the beds.
Either will do.
Cool.
She headed over to the door and retrieved her bag and carried it to the bed at the back of the room. She threw it on there and sat on the bed, bouncing on it to judge how comfortable it would be. At the same time Abbey began to unpack some of her things on the other bed closest to the door. She lifted some of her clothes out. Her knife, wrapped in a cloth, fell out onto the bed. She picked it up and gazed at it thoughtfully. It was the blade that Rick had given her. She spun it around in her hand.
Nice skills, Serenas voice came.
Abbey looked up as Serena approached.
Sweet blade. Where did you get it?
A friend.
Serena caught the look in Abbeys eye. Is this friend a guy? she asked.
Abbey eyed her and she could feel herself blush a little. Last night with Rick flashed in her memory. The skinny dipping, the waterfall kiss, and the way hed actually been a gentleman and walked her home and hadnt asked to come in for something more.
Perhaps.
They laughed. For the first time in a long time, Abbey felt like a normal young woman joking around with friends and discussing the men they were seeing.
Ladies, a voice came from the doorway. They turned to see a young man entering the room. He looked about Abbeys age. Shaved head, striking hazel eyes, and a little stubble on his chin, he was decked out in stereotypical military gear: camouflage pants, a teal muscle t-shirt, and heavy boots. Dressed to impress.
Jake Hall, he told them.
Abbey and Serena introduced themselves and welcomed him into the room.
He eyed Abbey intently as if he recognized her name and was struggling to remember why.
Thats it! he announced suddenly.
What is? Serena asked.
Benson. Abbey Benson. Sorry, it sounded familiar. Now I remember why. Youre the civilian that is marked by the Syndicate. The only civilian to ever fight alongside the CSA.
Serena and Jake stared at Abbey in awe.
Glad Im famous, Abbey said.
Flattered to be training with you, Jake said, holding out his hand.
Surprised, Abbey took it. She and Serena exchanged a bewildered glance and broke out into a fit of laughter. Jake was confused at first, but he quickly found himself joining in.
Their merriment was interrupted by a loud static noise coming from the speaker in the center of the ceiling. It quickly followed with an announcement:
Attention! Attention! All new recruits are to convene in the Physical Training Arena in two minutes. Over.
Were up, Serena said excitedly.
 * * * * *
Abbey, Serena, and Jake stood beside one another in the center of the arena awaiting the arrival of their instructor.
Knew I should have had a smoke on our way over, Serena complained.
Preaching to the choir, Abbey said.
Or, a drink, Jake added.
Later, Abbey said with a devious wink.
Bad ass, Serena joked.
Good morning, recruits! a voice boomed from the entrance.
They turned to see a silver-haired, muscle-bound, hulk of a man approaching them. He was decked out in CSA-issued tactical gear.
He stood before them and studied each of them for a few moments. His gaze rested on Abbey a little longer. He was a little surprised at the change in her appearance. Like her hair, her persona had transformed considerably since his first meeting with her at Jims funeral. Confidence bordering on reckless arrogance exuded from her demeanor, no doubt partially a result of Ricks unsanctioned combat training.
Welcome to the CSAs Central Training Facility. Myself and my colleague, Jeff Layton, run this facility. All new Field Operations recruits are required to undertake a two-week intensive training program. Well get to the specifics in a moment. First, a little bit about me. My name is Bill Palmer. Im ex-military, a former drill-sergeant. Ive been with the Civilian Security Agency since its inception. My role over these next two weeks is to prepare you for the CSA, both mentally and physically. When you leave here you will be battle-ready and prepared to work within the Field Operations division at our HQ, led by Commander Adam Reede. I will turn you from civilians into CSA soldiers. Any questions before I outline the program?
Sir, I have a question, Jake spoke up.
Bill nodded and said, Go ahead, Hall.
Jake was a little surprised that Bill already knew his name. He smiled nervously and asked, My friend works for the governmentnot the military division, but they all talk. According to him, there are rumors that the CSA may be shut down due to some of its more controversial operations. Is this the case? If so, what will happen to Field Ops?
Bill was taken aback that classified information had made it down the chain of command. But he was careful not to display a reaction to the impressionable new recruits. He saw the anxious expressions on the faces of Serena and Jake. But not Abbey. She showed no reaction. He couldnt read her. He smiled inwardly. Just like her father. She wasnt as impressionable or green as the other two. That could be both good and bad.
Youre correct that government staff do talk. It explains why classified information has become public domain, Bill said.
Im sorry, sir, Jake offered, worriedly.
It is true that there are issues to be worked out between the CSA and government officials. That said, the CSA will not be shut down under any circumstances. Commander Reede is currently in talks with them to reach an agreement that will satisfy both parties. That is all I can tell you without violating confidentiality agreements.
Thank you, sir.
Bill nodded. Now, back to business. The training program will cover six areas: physical fitness, hand-to-hand combat, weapons training, sniper training, psychological readiness, and field operations. This first week we will focus on physical fitness, hand-to-hand combat, and you will have the opportunity to undertake a field exercise. The second week will focus on the technical aspects involved in Field Ops: marksmanship, weapons expertise, patrolling techniques. The final day you will be subjected to an intensive psychological exam, to include an interview which will be conducted by me. Now, we are not in the military, so you may address me on a first-name basis. I reserve the right to call you whatever I like depending on whether you piss me off or not.
The recruits laughed.
The sound of the main doors creaking open silenced them and they all turned to see a dozen soldiers decked out in heavy tactical gear approaching.
Now, let me introduce the proverbial enemy. They will be your opponents throughout the training program. They are highly skilled, well-trained individuals, whose role it is to assist during certain aspects of the program such as combat training and field exercises. We want to make the mock scenarios as realistic as possible. We have a lot to cover. Lets get started.

CHAPTER 29
Yes, we have surveillance cameras that cover all those areas. Theyre all hot beds of Syndicate activity. The immoral epicenter of the city, Tony reminded Adam.
Good, Adam said as he paced the room, arms folded pensively.
Tony sat at his computer, his chair turned around, facing Adam.
I need you to cross-reference everyone who passes through that area with the citys facial recognition database. Anyone who is not a citizen, any outsider must be reported to me immediately. We need to start now, going forward for the next two months. Are all the cameras in good working order until we can carry out Project Illumination?
Yeah, theyll hold up for now. Not the best picture quality, but itll do. Ill need to bring in my staff on this, Adam. Its a lot of work to monitor hours worth of surveillance so closely on top of working on the revisions you made for the supplier hit mission.
Of course. Thats fine. Just keep the reason classified.
Will do, boss.
Theres no other way to locate Hartlett and his team right now. Sorry, Adam said, knowing how much work was involved in what he was asking Tony to do.
Well find them, Tony assured him.
Adam eyed the dozens of surveillance screens suspended on every wall of the department area. They would find them.
 * * * * *
Adam strode down the CSA corridors, on his way back to his office following his meeting with Tony. His cell began its incessant buzzing. He withdrew it from his inside jacket pocket. Glancing at the display, he sighed heavily. Colin. Just what he didnt need right now. Reluctantly, he took the call. Col.
You son of a bitch, Colins voice came.
Here it comes. Adam took a deep breath and said, Ill call you back when I get to my office.
Fine, Colin said and hung up abruptly.
Adam stared at the phone in his hand. This was not going to go well. He refused to hurry to his office on Colins account. Besides, he was not relishing the prospect of fending off the verbal attack that he knew was coming.
He reached his office within the next few minutes. He closed the door behind him and took a seat at his desk. He braced himself then reached for the landline phone and dialed Colins number.
As soon as the call connected, Colins voice thundered through the receiver, Thanks for the voice message afterthought. You recruited Abbey into the CSA? I expressly asked you not to! I dont want her involved in this goddamn life!
Its done.
Then undo it. Now!
I cant do that.
Of course you can. You have the authority. Youre Commander.
Thats right. I am Commander. I am Commander, not you.
What are you saying?
Im saying you need to respect my orders. I recruited Abbey. Accept it, Colin.
Accept it? No, rescind the order, Adam.
Colin, I dont have time for this.
Were making time right now. You think your little walk out had an effect on me? I dont care if I incur your wrath. This is my family that were talking about.
Family? Where have you been since Jims funeral? Where were you when she was going through her vigilante phase? Where were you when the Syndicate tried to assassinate her? Where were you when she needed someone to talk to? Adam found himself saying, raising his voice and getting to his feet. His hands shook with an angry fervor.
You know I cant come back into the city. Your orders, Adam.
Phone calls, Colin. I know youre an unemotional asshole, but it was cold, even for you.
There was a momentary pause as Adams words hit home.
Jim wouldnt have wanted this, Colin threw at him. He asked you to protect her.
Adam slammed his fist against his desk, almost shattering his knuckles from the ferocity of it. I am protecting her, you son of a bitch. Dont you get it? Shes marked. Understand that! The closer she is to me the safer she is. This was the only way.
She could have left the city and gone back to school. Why didnt you explain that to her before recruiting her?
Shes a grown woman. Of course she knew that. She didnt want to leave. She has support here, people who care about her and have her back. Me. Paul. Rick.
Rick? Colin asked worriedly.
Adam cursed himself. Why had he mentioned Ricks name like that? Now it was going to invite a thousand more questions.
Rick has been in contact with her?
Adam sighed resignedly and sank back into his chair. Crap.
Theyve crossed paths.
What does that mean? Is something going on?
I dont know, Colin. Thats their business, Adam found himself admitting. It was the last thing he wanted to discuss.
Keep that womanizer away from her.
Hes been warned. Beyond that, I cant do anything more. I can only control what goes on inside the CSA, not outside of its walls.
Adam
Col, weve wasted enough time discussing this. I have to go.
With that, he abruptly hung up, slamming the phone down to release his remaining pent-up anger. He slumped back in his chair.

CHAPTER 30
It was the final day of the first week and the three recruits stood before Bill and Jeff dressed in full CSA tactical gear at the edge of the forest. They were awaiting instructions for their first field exercise.
This exercise will imitate an ambush scenario. You will be unarmed. The enemy will be armed with paintball rifles. There are eight of them. This was devised to test your resourcefulness, hand-to-hand combat, tactical skills, and teamwork abilities. The objective is to survive the ambush and defeat the enemy. One non-fatal shot is allowed. If any of you are hit with fatal shots the mission is a fail. Jeff and I will observe you from the top of the valley steps. Good luck, Bill explained.
With that, Abbey, Serena, and Jake made their way further into the forest while Bill and Jeff took their position on higher ground.
Abbey, Serena, and Jake followed the dirt path further into the forest. Age-old treesoak and silver birchtowered above them, sheltering the forest below and reducing visibility for the three recruits. They walked in silence, concentrating on scanning their surroundings for any sign of the enemy. After a few moments they reached the underside of a fifty-foot high concrete bridge.
Watch it, Abbey warned as they cautiously began to pass under it.
It was an extremely vulnerable position because it was completely exposed without the cover that the trees and foliage provided. It was a perfect point of attack for the enemy.
That could be them, Jake said, listening to the erratic, relentless bird calls coming from the other side of the bridge. They could be signaling one another.
Theyre just birds, Serena told him.
She looked to Abbey for confirmation. She had learned over the last week that Abbeys instincts were beyond hers and most others. Abbey could sense the presence of people from a great distance away. She could anticipate her opponents move before he made it. It was impressive and right now, on this mission, it was a great asset.
I dont feel anything, Abbey confirmed.
With relief, they passed under the bridge without incident. The safety of the trees on either side of the path returned.
Up ahead was a steep incline that led up to another level of the forest covered with fallen autumn leaves and several felled tree trunks. It was a lot more open and exposed.
Stop! Abbey called to them suddenly.
They followed her instruction and remained silent. They watched as she stiffened and concentrated, her eyes seemingly staring into space. A few moments passed and she turned to them and said, I think theyre up there.
We need to break for cover, Serena urged.
As soon as the words left her mouth a shot was fired.
Abbey jumped back as a ball of paint exploded mere inches before the toe of her boot. She looked up and followed its perceived trajectory.
There, she saw two armed men lying on the ground, rifles aimed their way, up on the ledge. She glanced either side of them and she spotted the other six, each positioned a few feet away from one another, bearing down on them, guns at the ready.
Shit! Jake exclaimed.
Go! Now! Abbey yelled to her fellow recruits.
Break! Serena added.
Serena and Jake ran for cover. Abbey moved to follow them, but she was thwarted by a fusillade of shots raining down on her. She dodged them and ran towards the nearest oak tree on the other side of the path. She flattened her back against it until the fire ceased. She felt a fire rising within her. It was powerful, fighting to claw its way to the surface. She struggled to push it back. She couldnt allow her primal instincts to take the drivers seat. She couldnt guarantee that she could control them.
The firing stopped. She glanced around, trying to locate her team.
They made eye contact and Abbey signaled to them, suggesting that they split up and go around the enemy, taking them one at a time. Serena signaled back her agreement with a thumbs up. With that, they each went their separate ways, delving deeper into the forest.
Abbey climbed the embankment that led further into her place of cover. She navigated her way through the trees. Her footsteps were light on the ground. It was covered with fallen autumn leaves, twigs, and pieces of bark. She couldnt step too hard or the heavy crunch of her footsteps would signal her position to the enemy.
After a few moments of cautious hiking she reached the peak of the embankment. She stopped suddenly, sensing movement nearby. She listened carefully, letting her instincts guide her. Where were they?
Then she had it. She spun to her right. Up ahead, a few feet away, were two enemy soldiers crouched low to the ground scanning the forest floor below. Their view of her was obscured by thick foliage and tree branches. Perfect! She had the element of surprise. She made her approach painstakingly slowly. She couldnt afford to alert them to her location.
Finally, she stood behind them. Mere inches behind them. They hadnt even sensed her. She moved like a ghost. They didnt have a chance.
Youre scanning the wrong area, she whispered, eerily from behind them.
Shocked, the two male soldiers spun around to face her.
They were completely caught off guard by her presence and they failed to react fast enough. It was exactly what she had been counting on.
She thrust her fist forward into the face of the first one. His footing was unstable and he tripped and crashed to the ground. Wasting no time, she grabbed hold of the rifle of the other one and slammed her knee up into it, forcing it from his grasp. She adjusted her grip, spun, and fired off two fatal paintball shots at each of them.
Thanks for the help, she said, gesturing to the rifle.
She left her ailing opponents behind and continued on her path.
Moments later, she heard a shot.
It had come from the other side of the forest, to her left. Immediately following she heard a pained grunt and the exclamation of a slew of angry curse words. Jake! Hed been hit! Dammit! She ran through the trees with ferocious speed.
She skidded to a stop at the edge of the dirt path that divided the forest in two. She spotted Jake on the other side. Serena was helping him to his feet. She peered closer and saw two incapacitated soldiers lying a few feet away.
Serena! Abbey called.
Serena followed Abbeys voice and located her quickly.
Its not fatal, she assured her.
Abbey glanced around. She couldnt see the enemy. There were four still out there. Theyd just fired shots. They had to be nearby still.
Where? Abbey asked, hoping Serena had a better idea. She had witnessed the takedown of Jake. Hopefully shed seen something.
Serena pointed at the upper level. It was the most exposed and dangerous position for them. To get up there in the first place theyd have to vault over the seven-foot-high concrete ledge in seconds. Any slower and the enemy would have them. To launch an offense up there was a huge risk. But it wasnt impossible.
Abbey bolted towards Serena and Jake, running in an erratic path to minimize her chance of being hit. As expected, shots rang out. The enemy had confirmed their location. They missed and Abbey skidded on the ground, dove into a roll, and came up safely behind a steep stump that Jake and Serena were using for cover.
Hey, she breathed.
Sorry, Ab, Jake offered.
Dont be. Now we know their location.
Thanks for taking one for the team, Serena told him.
Jake chuckled before getting serious and asking, So, how do you wanna do this?
Abbey eyed the ledge. It would take too long for the three of them to get up there. She knew what had to be done. She handed Serena the rifle and said, Cover me.
Serena gripped her arm. Abbey, theres four of them. Its too risky to go it alone.
Abbey smiled. I wont be, she said, gesturing to the rifle that Serena now held in her hands. With that, she broke cover and sneaked towards the ledge.
Abbey, dont! Jake whispered loudly.
But Abbey barely heard him. She let the fire rise to the surface, allowing her instincts to take the drivers seat. She gasped as the sensation overwhelmed her. Power!
 * * * * *
Bill and Jeff watched the scene going on below, binoculars in hand, from a railing overlooking the forest.
What is she doing? Jeff asked as Abbey stood beneath the ledge and began stripping off her tactical gear down to just the shirt and pants.
Shes shedding the extra weight, Bill explained.
Why?
Because she cant do what she plans to with the constricting weight.
Its suicide. She cant take four of them down fast enough before they fire a shot.
Just wait, Bill told him, knowing very well what she was capable of.
Jeff was intrigued and resumed his observation.
The two of them watched as Abbey vaulted over the ledge. It appeared completely effortless. Her execution was perfect and unbelievably fast. Within a fraction of a second she secured her footing, assumed a fighting stance, and attacked. She showed no reservation and no fear. The soldiers were ready for her, but the speed and precision of her assault was such that they had no time to ready their weapons to fire.
Holy shit, Jeff breathed as he watched her impressive attack.
Within seconds she had defeated three soldiers with the fourth fired upon by Serena.
Remind you of anyone? Bill asked.
Jeff watched the celebration among the three recruits. They were ecstatic. Hugs and high-fives were exchanged.
Yeah, he said, finally pulling away. We have another Rick Walker on our hands.
Bill nodded. Shes an amazing fighter. These past couple of weeks have solidified that. But shes reckless. She relies too much on instinct. Its a danger to her and to her team.
Youre thinking about not passing her?
She desperately wants to join the CSA. Adam wants her to. Theres no doubt she would be a great asset. I just need to be sure I can rein her in and that she will follow orders. Well find out when I do her psych interview in a couple of days.
The CSA is in her blood, Bill.
I know. I know it is.

CHAPTER 31
Mizz Tease was a high-class strip club and brothel located in the bad part of town. The women represented the absolute best that the female form had to offer. All of them were drop-dead gorgeous and exemplary exotic dancers. They never failed to satisfy the desires of their clientele, providing they had the funds to pay for it. Mizz Tease was as infamous for its women as it was for its prices. Paul and Rick had somewhat of a discount given their reputation as heroes because of their affiliation to the CSA. They were quite the desired commodity and the dancers were intimately familiar with the two of them.
Three circular revolving stages were situated in the center of the room. Golden spotlights shone down on the four poles erected on the outer rim of the circles. Four well-endowed womentwo blondes and two redheadswrapped themselves around them wearing only lacy, golden G-strings. In the center of each stage was a shower that rained down on a gorgeous, completely naked beauty below.
Bar stools and tables surrounded the stage. Beyond this, oversized leather couches were situated at the back of the club. Patrons were served their drinks by beauties in silver, sequin-encrusted corsets. But the most coveted women were those who were topless, wearing leather G-strings, and garter belts. They were the ones to look for if you craved something more than just a tease. Lap dances and some private time in their boudoirs upstairs were on the cards.
At a table in the corner, Paul and Rick sat drinking a couple of beers. Paul was knocking back pint after pint of lager from the two pitchers that sat in the center of the table.
Much to his surprise, Rick nursed his. Since they had arrived hed noticed that Rick had barely even glanced at the dancers on stage. Hed even witnessed him strategically avoiding the seductive glances and winks from the waitresses. What was going on with him?
Usually youre more into this. Everything all right?
Yeah, Im just tired, Rick lied as he lit a smoke and took a soothing drag.
As he started to smoke, one of the topless servers approached him, smiling seductively. She trailed her hand slowly up his leg. She gave him a playful wink as she got closer to her target and breathed with anticipation. But to her astonishment, Ricks hand shot out, gripping her arm, stopping her.
Whats wrong, baby? she asked, taken aback.
He gently pushed her away. Not tonight, sweetheart.
Angrily and dejectedly she threw him a disdainful glance and sauntered away to service her next customer.
Paul stared at Rick with disbelief.
Whos the girl? he asked suddenly.
We know her very well. Cassandra, I think. Never was good with names, Rick jested.
No, I know. Not her.
What are you talking about?
Who are you seeing?
Theres no one.
Come on, Rick. We come here every year on your birthday. You love it here. Between us weve visited the boudoir upstairs of every woman who works here. Now, suddenly, youre turning down every one of them who approaches you. Strange, no? Youre seeing someone.
Rick leaned forward and cleared his throat, Listen, Paul
But he was interrupted by the sudden arrival of Adam.
Can you believe I got accosted by three women before I made it over to you two? Adam exclaimed, clearly frazzled by it. He glanced around anxiously, not at all comfortable with the environment that he was in.
Paul and Rick exchanged an amused glance.
Its because youre not just CSA, youre the Commander. Youre in charge. Its the whole power thing. Thats why they want you, Rick explained to Adam.
Glad you made it, Paul said, gesturing for Adam to take a seat in the oversized armchair beside him.
I do every year for Ricks birthday.
And never do you take any of the women up on their offers, Paul jested.
Adam rolled his eyes.
You know, you could get laid every night without fail just based on your rank in the agency, Rick realized aloud.
Paul nodded, looking at Adam.
While the vote of confidence is appreciated, someone has to maintain the agencys good reputation, Adam joked.
Seems like Rick may be joining you on that mission.
Adam eyed Rick with intrigue. Really?
Rick shook his head with denial and took a sip of his beer. Hes drunk.
Drunk? Ive had three pints. Takes more than that.
Youve had seven.
And two lap dances, Paul added, While you, my friend, have had none.
Adam and Paul eyed Rick with suspicion. They wouldnt break eye contact and it was impossible for Rick to avoid their glances without turning his attention to the strippers. He knew he couldnt risk doing that. It was too great of a temptation. He didnt trust himself.
Okay, okay. Heres the truth. I cant, okay?
What do you mean? Medical issues? Paul asked.
What? No! Why do people always jump to that conclusion? He got to his feet and slapped a few bills on the table. Lets get out of here and go to a pub or something.
Thank God, Adam breathed.
Sure. Its your birthday. Your call, Paul agreed, getting up. He pulled out some bills from his wallet and slapped them on the table. He picked up Ricks and handed them back to him and said, I got this.
Rick smiled. Classy.
The three of them exited out into the back alley. Rick led the way towards the main streets with Paul and Adam close behind.
So, who is this girl? Adam asked suddenly.
Rick could hear the suspicion in Adams tone. He avoided turning around to look at him. Why are you two so adamant that theres a woman involved in my decision not to get a frigging lap dance?
Because, its you, Paul told him.
Maybe Im tired of all that now. I turned thirty today. Maybe its time to rethink a few things.
Adam studied Rick closely. He knew he was hiding something. The strange thing was that it appeared that he was protecting someone. Rick Walker, protecting someone? It was difficult for him to wrap his head around it. Something had changed him. Or someone. Adam was afraid that he already knew who that someone was. But he couldnt be certain. He didnt have proof. Not yet.
Rick turned around to face the two of them and saw Adam watching him. Adam? Is there something on your mind? he asked, boldly, hoping that it would force him to back down.
They stared at one another for a few moments, both challenging the other to dare to push the tension to a confrontation. But they both knew it wouldnt happen. Not tonight. Not while Paul was there to intervene.
No, theres nothing on my mind, Adam finally said, breaking eye contact.

CHAPTER 32
It was the final day of the training program. There was only one test left to pass: the psych interview with Bill Palmer.
Abbey breathed and braced herself before she rapped lightly on Bills office door.
Come in, she heard him call.
She accepted the invitation and opened the door. She stepped inside and closed it behind her. The office was a lot like the offices of her university professors. Simple decor, a large wooden desk by the window with a couple of high-backed, uncomfortable metal chairs situated opposite. A couple of bookshelves were pushed against either wall adjacent to the desk. It wasnt warm, but it wasnt intimidating either.
Have a seat, Miss Benson, he said, gesturing to one of the chairs in front of his desk.
She did as instructed and relaxed into the chair, crossing her legs and trying to get comfortable.
You dont seem as nervous as the other two, Bill commented.
Dressed in leather pants, a tight, white V-neck t-shirt, and a black biker jacket, she looked more like a rock star than a new recruit. It was the last day of the program, also known to the recruits as dress down day where they could wear their street clothes.
I dont usually get too nervous, she told him.
Bill smiled. He cleared his throat and got right down to it. Normally, the way this goes is I ask a series of intense, psychologically probing questions to try to determine your mental stability and readiness to work as a CSA field operative. In your case, Im not going to do that. I know your educational background. Studying for a Masters in Psychology. It would be a walk in the park for you. You could manipulate the interview quite easily if you wanted to. So, instead, Im just gonna tell you how it is, Bill explained to her.
Sounds good, Abbey replied, coolly.
Throughout this program, you have excelled at every task given. Every lesson, every exercise, you set a new record. Youre an extremely gifted combatant. You have a natural instinct that Ive only been witness to one other time in all my years spent training new recruits here. You showed strong leadership abilities during the field exercise. The way you naturally assumed command of your two teammates was impressive.
Abbey smiled at the positive review.
But.... Bill began.
He paused to watch her reaction. He saw her nervousness, her anxiety that he was about to say something negative about her performance. He was glad. It showed that she respected his authority, that she wanted his approval. It was a good indicator that she could follow orders. There was hope there.
You fight wildly. You have a comprehensive grasp of strategy, of CSA rules of engagement, and our code of conduct. Your written exam proved that. But as soon as you jump into a fight you throw all of that to the wayside and your fighting becomes completely instinctual, like a whirlwind of passion and fury.
I had a strategy during that exercise, Abbey argued.
In the beginning, yes. But as soon as you climbed that ledge and jumped into the thick of the fight it disappeared.
Sir Abbey started to protest. But Bill held up his hand to silence her.
You hurtled into the eye of the storm. It was the most dangerous position you could possibly have been in. I have never seen anyone do something so dangerous, Abbey. It was reckless. Thinking like that jeopardizes not only your well-being, but that of your team as well. If it had been a real life situation you could have been severely injured. As per the CSA code of conduct, your team members would have had to find a way to rescue you. They would have been forced to go into that danger zone to do so. It would have risked all their lives.
Sir, I knew what I was doing. I disagree that it was reckless, Abbey said.
You should have waited. You could have gone around them. But you were too rash. You wanted a win immediately. You were too impatient. To function within Field Ops you need to be levelheaded at all times. You need to be able to make decisions under extreme pressure, sometimes under heavy fire. At first you achieved that, but as soon as Jake was injured and the stakes were raised you lost control, Bill said, raising his voice to make her hear him.
Abbey shook her head. I can control it.
What you exhibited were signs of rogue behavior. That will not be tolerated at the CSA. It is not acceptable under any circumstances. If you cant follow orders exactly as they are given and trust in the judgment of your team leader without questioning them or entertaining your own feelings, then you are not ready to join the CSA. Your heavy reliance on your instincts is dangerous, Abbey. It is a gift. Very few people can do what you can do. But
I need to know when to tame it, Abbey finished for him.
Yes, exactly, Bill said, surprised that she understood exactly what he was telling her.
I spent years doing that. Holding back. Burying that part of me. I am learning how to control it now. Its not a danger.
Bill was concerned by what she was saying. He knew exactly where these sentiments were coming from. He leaned back in his chair. Walker hasnt learned enough to control his own power. Hes not in the best position to advise someone else on this subject matter when he is no expert himself, Bill warned her.
I didnt let go completely in the field, Abbey assured him.
I know.
How could you? Abbey questioned. She knew that Bill didnt have the instinct himself.
Because you didnt kill my men.
Abbey met his chilling gaze. His meaning hit her hard and her breath caught in her throat. It took her a moment to respond. Having the instinct doesnt make me a killer, she argued, trying to convince herself as much as him.
If you cant learn to master it thats exactly what youll become.
Rick embraces it and he isnt a killer, she shot back.
Isnt he?
Abbey was thrown by the question. She knew Rick had a dark side but he just tasted the darkness every now and then. Didnt he? He didnt fully embrace it. He didnt kill like an animal.
How well do you really know Walker? Bill asked.
As he looked at her he saw something that he hadnt expected. A flicker of fire in her eyes gave her secret away. It seemed as though Rick hadnt just trained her a little as he had thought. Their relationship wasnt solely professional. Oh no. He sat forward and locked eyes with her and said, Abbey, each time you let your instincts consume you so completely, so wholly, you are opening a door that will become more and more difficult to close. That is not just true of battle situations but also...intimate...situations.
Abbey blushed and looked away.
There is no need for you to let go completely and allow it to consume you. The CSA doesnt require a soldier with such extreme abilities. Just drawing on that power moderately will be more than enough for you to succeed in field combat. You need to use it in a controlled manner or it will control you. Do you understand?
Abbey nodded. I get it.
At the same time, I dont want you to be so afraid that you dont draw on your instincts at all in battle. That would render you useless, because so much of your fight comes from it, he said, reaching for a cigar on his desktop and lighting up. He let a few moments of silence envelope the room. He wanted to give Abbey time to absorb his words of caution.
Are you going to fail me? she asked, finally breaking through the dead silence.
No.
Abbey sighed with relief, but Bill interrupted her before she could say anything more.
What I am going to do is put you on a three-month probationary watch. That means that if you mess up and if you do what I have warned you not to then you are out of the CSA. No warnings. No second chances. Paul Cooke will monitor the situation. I believe youve met before. This is the real deal, Abbey. I believe you will be a huge asset to the CSA if you dont let your primal instincts control you.
I understand, sir.
Bill stood up and shook her hand. I hope so. I wish you luck.
Thank you, sir.
You can call me Bill now. Youre done here, Agent Benson.
Abbey smiled at him and turned to leave.
Your father would be proud, he told her.
Abbey stopped at the mention of her father. Her Achilles heel.
I knew him well, Abbey.
I know, she rasped, suddenly overcome with emotion.
The world youre about to enter is cold, dangerous, and dirty. Dont let it change you. Ive seen it change many people. Dont let it. Stay true to Jim, Bill warned her.
She gripped the door handle tightly. Still, she couldnt bring herself to turn around. She couldnt let Bill see the tears that had started to fill her eyes.
I understand. Thank you, she managed to get out.
Youre welcome, he said.
He watched her go, silently praying that she would be strong enough to prevent the darkness from swallowing her.

CHAPTER 33
What the hell? Rick complained as he tiredly eased himself out of bed. He reached under his pillow for his Desert Eagle and then grabbed his bathrobe off the floor. He threw open the bedroom door and strode through the office. Descending the steps quickly, he approached the front door where the continuous thumping echoing painfully through the building was coming from. Readying his gun, he threw open the door. He almost dropped it when he saw who was standing there.
He smiled warmly and lowered his weapon instantly. Hey.
Looks like I woke you. Sorry, Abbey said.
Rick craned his neck and glanced at the gym clock. Its only nine. I was just taking a nap. Long day, brutal mission earlier, he said, rolling up the sleeve of his robe to reveal a deep gash on his forearm.
Shit, are those stitches? Abbey asked, moving closer to study it.
Yeah, just a few.
Was it the supplier hit mission I heard about? Abbey asked as she stroked his arm.
Yeah.
How did it go?
We got the assholes. In one mission we managed to take out all of the Syndicates biggest external suppliersdrugs, whores, financing. It was a huge victory.
Wow, Abbey said, her eyes wide with interest.
She stepped towards him and ran her hand up and down his arm. Do you have to work tonight?
No, he said with a smile, I dont have to go in for a debriefing until tomorrow.
Good.
Rick eyed her and for the first time he noticed her legs. Damn! She wore a short, belted, baby blue coat that was buttoned down just enough so that her cleavage was exposed. And the length of the coat just managed to cover her ass. She was even wearing stiletto heels.
Before he could fathom a reaction, she unclasped the belt and shook the coat off her shoulders. It fell to the floor in a heap at her feet.
Wow, Rick breathed. She wasnt wearing anything underneath but lingerie. His eyes wandered over her scantily clad body. A silver corset with sheer cut-outs in all the right places hugged her body. His eyes fell to the matching panties and then the garter belt. It had him panting with anticipation.
You like? Abbey asked with a sly wink. She could already see that he did.
He chuckled. This is a special treat, he said as he reached past her and locked the door. He wrapped his arms around her and breathed, God, Ive missed you.
Abbey stretched onto her tiptoes and planted her lips on his. Her arms caressed his face, his neck. She grabbed at him fervently, trying to pull him ever closer. He responded and clutched at her tightly, pressing his body against hers. It was as intense as it always was when they were together.
Missed you too, Abbey said, pulling back to catch her breath.
Rick gazed at her intensely. A malevolent smile crept across his lips. Ready to play?
Definitely, she said, matching his intense gaze.
He reached for her hand and then he noticed something that he hadnt before. Faded bruises marked both her arms.
What happened? Who the hell touched you, Abbey? he demanded.
Abbey saw his alarm. Training, she explained.
Right, of course. Sorry, I justI dont want anyone touching myI mean
Your?
Rick looked away and let go of her hand. Nothing.
Okay, whatever, Abbey replied coolly.
Abruptly, he spun back around to face her and said, My girlfriend. Okay?
Abbey couldnt help but laugh at the expression on his face after hed said the word. He had shocked himself. He couldnt believe what hed just said to her. He didnt know what to do next. Her laughter quickly erupted into hysterics.
What? he demanded.
Sorry, your expression was just...you were so shocked...it was so funny, she said, between laughs as she tried unsuccessfully to control her fit of hysterics.
Ricks anxiety turned to amusement. Funny, huh? he asked, approaching her.
Yep.
As she continued to laugh he swept her up in his arms. She screamed with surprise.
Come with me, he said, carrying her across the gym floor and up the steps to his office. He burst through the apartment door and dropped her on the bed. She shrieked like a little girl as he pounced on top of her.
Stopped you laughing, didnt it?
He stroked her hair gently and leaned in and kissed her. Abbey pushed forward to meet his lips. She breathed deeply, savoring his kiss.
Suddenly, he felt her hand on his crotch. He jerked from the surprise of it.
Are you naked under this? she asked, fondling his robe.
Im wearing boxers, he said, gripping her hand. Only start that if youre prepared to finish it.
She released her grip and mumbled sheepishly, Sorry.
Not a problem, he said, rolling off her. God, how the hell did I manage that?
He looked at her lying next to him on his bed. She was looking around curiously.
The bed was a huge, king-sized, four-poster bed. Sheer black drapes were tied back against the ebony-stained posts. Red silk sheets covered the bed. A leather two-seater couch that matched the color of the sheets was situated off to the corner of the room in front of a flat screen television secured to the wall. A small built-in closet was to its left. Two bedside tables were either side of the bed and a chest of drawers was next to the one closest to where Rick lay. Next to Abbeys side of the bed was a closed door, which she assumed led to the bathroom.
Nice art, she commented, gesturing to a couple of black and white photos of naked women around the room. It wasnt that bad. It could be classified as tasteful.
He laughed and shrugged his shoulders.
She moved closer and he lifted his arm to let her in.
Happy belated birthday.
How did you know?
I know all, Rick.
She reached into her inside jacket pocket and withdrew something in her closed hand and said, This is for you.
She opened her palm to reveal a thick, silver ring with purple gemstones etched into it. The gems are amethyst. They offer protection. Figured you could use it out on patrol.
He took it and slid it onto his middle finger. It fit perfectly. He didnt know what to say. No one had ever bought him anything, not since he was a kid. He was touched.
I noticed that you wore a lot of chains and rings. Figured this was manly enough to join your collection. I hope its okay?
Rick sat up and smiled at her. Its perfect. When did you have the time to do this?
Got back a couple of days ago.
And, you didnt think to come by sooner? Im hurt, Ab.
I wanted to make sure I was well-rested and ready for you.
Lets see if it was worth the wait, Rick challenged.
She rolled on top of him, straddling him. Its your move.
He watched as she ran her hands down her neck, to her chest, her stomach. She stopped suddenly and gazed at him expectantly. He smiled excitedly and reached up and mirrored the little show shed just put on. He savored her moans as his hands reached between her legs.
Let go, he whispered.
She closed her eyes. I am.
He shook off his robe and then gripped her arms fiercely and threw her down on the bed, pinning her beneath him. He licked her neck. All the way. Like before.
She felt herself hesitate at his words.
What is it? he asked as she stiffened beneath him.
Nothing. Its nothing.
He sat back and studied her intently. Why wouldnt she let go? What had changed since the last time they were together? The goddamn CTF, that was what.
What did Bill say to you? he demanded.
Abbey sighed. He just warned me, thats all.
Ricks eyes narrowed as he imagined the things that Bill had said to her, things that he couldnt possibly understand because he didnt possess the instinct himself. He was trying to tame her. Rick wasnt prepared to let that happen. Now that hed found a kindred spirit there was no way he was going to let anyone mess it up or try to take away that part of her. He and Abbey were the same. Im never letting you go. Youre mine, baby.
Hes just trying to freak you out.
Rick...lets just do it without all that, she said, reaching for him.
Rick shook his head. No. Thats what makes it so mind-blowing.
Abbey moved to protest but she was stopped by his hands gripping her thighs. Before she knew what was happening, his hands were all over her, stimulating every inch of her body.
Remember how good it felt? he whispered.
She glanced at him seductively and nodded earnestly. Take me, her eyes urged him.
He smiled as he saw that familiar fire flicker in her eyes and said, Just tell me how you want it.
She gestured to a pair of handcuffs on his night table and winked at him. He was taken aback at what she was asking him. It crossed his mind that he shouldnt take it there. But when he looked at her and saw the hunger in her eyes he couldnt bring himself to do what he knew he should. It was on.
His hand shot out and grabbed the handcuffs.
Tell me when it gets too rough.
 * * * * *
Rick awoke slowly and glanced at the alarm clock on his night table. It was five in the morning. He turned to Abbey who was lying next to him, sound asleep on her stomach. Shed probably be asleep for a while given the intensity of what had happened last night. She hadnt asked him to stop at all, instead begging him to make it rougher. Shed managed to give him a run for his money. Hed finally witnessed what hed had a small taste of a couple of weeks ago when theyd first had sex: pure, unadulterated animal passion. Even he had never experienced anything like what theyd done last night. Shed feel it this morning, though. God knew he did.
He reached over and stroked her naked back. She murmured quietly.
Sleep, he whispered, pulling the covers up to shield her nakedness.
He froze suddenly, sensing a presence. Quickly, but stealthily so as not to wake Abbey, he climbed out of bed. He reached for his boxers and quickly pulled them on. He felt under his pillow and retrieved his handgun.
But before he made it to the door the intruder stood in his doorway. Shit!
Adam, he stumbled and lowered his gun to his side.
Thought so, Adam said, glancing at Abbey lying in Ricks bed. His eyes fell to the handcuffs and the clothes strewn across the floor.
Listen Rick began, holding up his hand.
What are you doing? Adam demanded, raising his voice.
Rick saw Abbey stir at the noise.
Okay, just calm down, he said, ushering Adam out of the room and into his office next door. He shut the door behind him and leaned against it, eyeing Adam worriedly. Its not what you think.
How long has this been going on?
A few weeks.
A few weeks?
Rick nodded. It just happened, Adam.
Shes vulnerable, Rick.
Rick sighed and put his gun down on his desk. Its five in the morning.
Adam ignored his comment and said, Youre gonna mess her up.
Im not doingshes not the damsel in distress that you need her to be.
Shes at a crossroads.
And you just assume Im gonna take her down a bad road?
There are hundreds of women within the city limits that you could pursue.
Not like her.
They locked eyes. A few moments of intense silence passed between them.
And then Adam broke eye contact and ran his fingers through his hair exasperatedly. I want you to end this. Right now.
She and I are the same. Were
Youre what? Kindred spirits? Adam asked with derision.
Yes.
Adam scoffed, Come on.
Rick took a step towards him. Hurts, doesnt it?
What?
That you cant understand her the way I can.
Im trying to protect her.
Its more than that. You have a thing for her but you cant make a move, because of all your baggage over your wife. You cant have her so you dont want anyone else to.
No, this is about you. What you do to women.
Those were meaningless hook-ups. This isnt the same. Im not gonna do that. I
You what?
I love her, all right?
Adam took an involuntary step back. What? he managed to rasp. He felt sick.
You heard me.
Adam didnt respond. He hadnt expected this. He couldnt find the words.
What are you doing here this early anyway? Rick asked, noticing Adams uncomfortable disposition and preparing to offer him some mercy.
I knew she was back.
You knew shed come here?
I feared it.
Rick could see that he was incensed. He looked like he was considering his options, as if he was trying to convince himself not to react rashly and allow his anger to control his actions.
So, what are you gonna do? Fight me?
Adam stepped into Ricks personal space. Let me tell you something: that, in there, that you were doing with her, thats not love. You think she came to you for love, you fool? She came for the darkness. She came to see what it was like, what it meant. Shes confused. No one can understand her in that respect like you can. But thats all. Its not love, Rick. Dont kid yourself that it means anything more than that.
Rick thrust his hands out and pushed Adam back. Hed struck a nerve. Youre wrong. But if itll help you sleep at night, believe it.
End it! Adam bellowed, finally losing his temper.
No! Rick roared, matching his volume.
Whats going on? Abbeys voice came from the door.
Adam glanced at her. Rick turned around to see her standing in the doorway wearing one of his t-shirts to conceal her nakedness.
Its five in the morning, she told them.
Adam just barged on in here to order me to stay away from you.
Abbey stared at Adam. He locked eyes with her. She saw his disappointment and hurt.
Dont, she urged him.
You dont know what youre getting into.
Oh, come on, Adam, Rick exclaimed, tiredly.
You want me to tell you what he does to the women he gets involved with?
She knows my rep, Adam, Rick said. He addressed Abbey. Ive told you that its not like that with us. You know where I stand, he reminded her.
Before she could utter a response, Adam cut in, You dont belong in this world, Abbey. You are not made for the dark. Just because you have the instinct, doesnt mean you have to let it engulf you like he has.
Rick stepped into Adams personal space. You son of a bitch.
Stop it! Abbey roared at them.
But the testosterone levels in the room had reached a new high the moment shed entered. Reason was a distant memory.
Shes a big girl. You cant protect her. You couldnt even protect your own wife.
Without warning, Adams fist smashed into the side of his face. It was so powerful, propelled by seething rage, that it knocked him off balance and he crashed to his knees.
He clutched his face. It hurt like hell. It was a hefty punch. He looked up at Adam standing over him. His eyes spoke a warning. Never mention my wife like that. Rick regretted that hed stooped that low, but Adam had been relentless. Hed just wanted to stop him, to get him out of his home. He saw the pain in his eyes as he glared down at him.
He moved in for a second hit, but Abbey suddenly stepped in and blocked his path. Let it go. Please, Adam.
Adam looked at her. Her eyes pleaded with him to back down. He felt her hand stroking his arm, trying to comfort him after Ricks hurtful comment about his wife.
A few moments passed and then he conceded and stepped back. He ran his fingers through his hair exasperatedly and took a deep breath to compose himself. He smiled sadly at Abbey and then turned and walked out of the office.
Abbeys eyes followed him, watching him walk away. She shut her eyes before he disappeared from view. She couldnt bring herself to watch him leave.

CHAPTER 34
Jameson nodded to the server who filled his coffee cup. He took a sip and glanced across the patio table at Colonel Frank Hartlett and his companion, Jason Ward. They were having breakfast on the deck of Carls fortress-like backyard. A colossal twenty-foot brick wall surrounded the entire perimeter of his two-acre estate. It was heavily guarded and surveilled at all times. Appointments had to be arranged a week in advance to gain access to Jameson at his home. Every person who passed through his estate was scrutinized and stripped of all weapons. He couldnt afford any undercover CSA operatives succeeding at infiltrating his place of residence.
Shriver is still in CSA custody? Hartlett queried between mouthfuls of his cooked breakfast.
Yes. Extraction is not possible, nor necessary. Hes dug his own grave, Jameson told him, coolly. Besides, Steve here is a lot more levelheaded and actually understands strategy and the modern way of doing things, Jameson said, laying a hand on his second deputy, thirty-four-year-old Steve Lyndan.
Steve was the antithesis to Joe in many ways. He relied on intelligence and modern technology rather than brute force. He was a cautious, logical thinker and never reacted on instinct. He never let his passions control him as Joe did. He sat comfortably, observing their two guests, studying them. He was far more presentable and concerned with his appearance than Joe. Wearing a tailored, brown suede jacket, dress pants, and a V-neck long-sleeved shirt, he dressed to impress. He was a businessman, not a gun-for-hire.
We want you to finish the job, Steve told Hartlett, his glance falling on Jason.
Jason smiled maliciously. He was looking forward to the mission. It would be quite the takedown given how infamous the target had become.
Like father like daughter, huh, Carl? Hartlett commented.
Unfortunately, yes. Wed hoped shed walk away, but she didnt. I cant afford to have her finish what her father started.
Taking her out wont destroy the CSA, Hartlett warned Jameson.
I know that. Thats why this is just Phase One.
Hartlett was intrigued.
Phase Two involves the assassination of Rick Walker, Jameson said.
Jason choked on his cigar, stunned by the comment. He caught his breath and glanced at Hartlett warily. Hartlett nodded, understanding his reservations. Thats quite the mission, Carl. Itll be pricey.
Can you do it or not? Jameson demanded, irked that Hartlett would underestimate his intelligence and his financial resources. Reede and Walker think they can storm my property and carry out a massive hit against my external partners? They think they can get away with that? I want Reedes top agents taken out. He needs to be taken down a peg or two. The CSA is getting too powerful. That operation has hit me big. Its severed all my contacts outside the citymy most powerful contacts.
Hartlett eyed Jason. Jason nodded reluctantly. He didnt relish the prospect of taking on Walker. He knew his reputation.
Yes, it can be done. But why not just take out Reede? Sever the head of the organization? Hartlett asked.
Carl leaned back against his chair and smiled with amusement at the Colonels naivety. Two reasons. First, no one can touch him. Hes positioned himself protectively. Getting to him is like breaking into Fort Knox. Itll take too many resources. Secondly, even if we could get close enough, assassinating him wont destroy the CSA. The guys a frigging genius when it comes to military strategy. If we took him out, were confident hed have a contingency plan in place that would ensure the CSAs survival. The problems we have right now are his recruitment of such high-caliber field agents and his increasingly aggressive operations. All signs point towards war. Hes preparing the CSA, acquiring and aligning his resources. Adam Reede has the vision that Jim Benson never did. Jims goal was to keep the Syndicate at bay. Adams goal is to destroy us. But he cant do that without manpower. Taking out two of his best agents will seriously debilitate the agency. In turn, this will give us the window of opportunity that we need to destroy it. Take out the strongest foundations, Colonel, and you bring the entire structure crashing to the ground. Take out the leader and another takes his place.
Hartlett nodded in understanding and asked, When?
I want her dead within forty-eight hours. Well wait a couple of weeks to take out Walker. Give them some time to grieve and let their guard down, Jameson said.
Consider it done, Hartlett agreed.

CHAPTER 35
Abbey sat atop the boardroom table at the back of the room talking with Serena and Jake. A sudden rush coursed through her body and she found her eyes drawn to the doorway. There she saw Rick walking in. I can sense his presence now? Wow. It was a little eerie, but also agreeable. It meant her instincts were developing and becoming stronger. Maybe soon she would be able to anticipate the enemy much quicker and more accurately. It would be a huge asset in battle. As long as I can maintain control.
He winked at her and then quickly broke eye contact and took a seat at the front of the room as far away from her as was possible to avoid suspicion from the other agents.
Abbey couldnt help but smile.
I saw that, Serena chided her.
What?
Yeah, what? Jake asked, not picking up on the situation.
Nothing, Abbey said. She threw Serena a look.
Yeah, nothing. Im just joking around.
Well talk later, she mouthed to Abbey.
Abbey rolled her eyes.
Rachel walked in. She caught sight of Rick and threw him a disdainful glance. He rolled his eyes and relaxed back into his chair.
Whos that?
Serena and Jake followed Abbeys glance.
Jake? Serena asked, knowing he had befriended Dante and Brad who knew everyone in the division.
Thats Rachel Britton.
Whats her story? Abbey asked.
According to Dante and Brad, shes a tough-ass bitch. Good fighter. Rumors are that she and Rick Walker had a thing. Brief. Didnt end well. Apparently shes still pissed at him.
What did he do that pissed her off so much? Serena pressed.
Not sure. My guess is he kicked her out of bed and she didnt like being shot down.
Hmm.... Abbey murmured.
The clash of the egos, Serena commented.
Wouldnt worry about it. Neither of you are dating him.
Abbey and Serena exchanged a look.
Yeah, Abbey said.
Her thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of Paul and Adam. Adam took a seat at the head of the table beside Rick. They exchanged a brief, uncomfortable glance and then looked away. Paul sat beside Adam at the head of the table. He handed a pile of papers to Gordon for him to pass along to the rest of the table.
Good evening, team. First, I want to congratulate those of you who were involved with the supplier hit. After months of extensive preparations and reconnaissance, we were able to sever Jamesons ties with all his major contacts outside the city. This leaves him with suppliers within the city limits onlymuch easier for us to control and monitor. The mission was a great success. Tonight we carry out Project Illumination. The objective is to widen our surveillance capabilities throughout the city to shed light on the currently shadowed areas without surveillance. We will also be replacing older equipment with new, state-of-the-art equipment. The documents being passed around the table outline the areas where we will do this. You will be deployed in pairs and assigned to certain sectors of the city as per regular patrol. We estimate the duration of this operation will be six to seven hoursa long night. But what we will achieve will be well worth it, Adam began.
Suddenly, the door opened behind him and Tony entered. He tapped him on the shoulder. Adam turned to him and listened intently as Tony whispered to him. He nodded and Tony left the room.
Abruptly, Adam got to his feet. Please take five. I need to speak with Paul for a moment, he announced to the room.
The room erupted into a flurry of worried whispers as Adam and Paul left the room.
Paul shut the door behind him and followed Adam a few feet down the corridor. Adam stopped and spun around to face him. Youre gonna have to lead this op, Paul.
Whats happened?
It was unlike Adam to back out of leading an operation, especially one that he had engineered from the beginning.
Tony has located Ward.
Paul was taken aback. He saw the fire in Adams eyes, the restlessness in his demeanor. He started to pace back and forth. He was preparing to do something.
What are you planning?
Im just going to do some reconnaissance.
Come on, Adam. The guy killed your wife. Hes here to take a shot at Abbey and God knows who else in the CSA. You have his location. You really think Im gonna believe you are just going to observe him?
Plausible deniability, Paul.
I dont need you to protect me, Adam.
But I am, Adam told him, firmly. He approached and told him at a whisper, The government is watching us. Pretty soon theyll start their investigation. Im trained to withstand interrogation. Youre not. Its better this way, for you and for the good of the agency.
Paul sighed heavily. He knew Adam was right. Okay. Watch your back.
Adam nodded. Paul looked at him somberly.
You have an operation to lead, Adam reminded him.
That I do, Paul said, shifting his focus back to the job at hand.
Adam watched him head back to the boardroom. When he was sure that he was inside he turned and hurried down the corridor to the armory.
 * * * * *
Dressed in full CSA tactical gear, Adam withdrew two TEC-9s and eyed the building before him. It was a well-known Syndicate hangout. It doubled as a sleazy bar and a whorehouse. The owner was a crook who had consistently provided the Syndicate with intel and sanctuary. Jason Ward was inside.
He braced himself and brutally kicked open the door.
It opened directly onto the bar floor. The owner stood behind the bar to the right and Syndicate thugs swarmed the place.
Beyond them was a door that Adam knew led to the whorehouse.
You have a death wish, Commander? the owner called to him.
Adam held up his weapons and the owner shivered and took a step back.
Where is Ward?
He gestured to the door at the back of the room. You should have brought backup.
Adam glanced from him to the patrons. He saw their hands reaching for their weapons.
He fired.
Soul-shattering screams were drowned out by the relentless automatic fire that Adam rained down on them.
Seconds passed and he ceased fire. He scanned the bar carefully.
They were all dead.
Satisfied that there was no threat remaining, he made his way to the rear door. He stepped over a couple of overweight corpses on his way. He reached the door and braced himself. This was it. He was about to come face to face with the man whod murdered his wife.
He opened the door.
Before him was a sleazy boudoir of some sort. The only furniture was a king-sized sleigh bed in the center of the room with a couple of sheepskin rugs on the floor surrounding it. The room smelled of mold and the walls were marked with moisture. It was a hellhole.
But the three people having fun a few feet away on the bed didnt seem to mind. Two women ground themselves against the man on the bed. The room had to be soundproof as they clearly hadnt heard the gunfire from the bar.
Adam fired a shot into the air and the two women screamed and jumped back. They spun around to face him.
Get out. Now.
They squealed and ran past him into the bar. Adam heard them screaming at the sight of the corpses that lined the bar floor. He slammed the door shut behind them and approached Ward who was pulling up his jeans.
Jason Ward.
Commander Adam Reede. He rubbed the stubble on his chin, studying Adam curiously. He stepped forward and said, I believe I killed your wife.
Adams eyes narrowed. And my child.
So, you came here for what? Closure? You were hoping Id show some remorse so you could finally let it go after all these years and get a good nights sleep?
Dont be naive. Were way beyond that, Adam told him.
He pulled the trigger on one of the weapons. Ward roared as a bullet plunged into his stomach. He fell to his knees. Gripping the wound to stem the blood flow, he glared up at Adam as he approached. So, then, you came here to kill me? In cold blood? To avenge your wife and save Benson? he choked out, breathing rapidly.
Thats right, Adam said, his finger hot on both triggers.
Commander, in your rashness, you forgot about one thing.
Before Adam could respond, Jason reached into his ankle holster, withdrew a thirteen-inch knife and hurtled it towards him. He was so fast that it all happened within a fraction of a second. The force behind the blade was so great that it pierced Adams right upper arm, driving all the way through his flesh and cutting into the dry wall behind him, pinning him against it.
Im never unarmed.
Adam dropped the gun he held in his right hand and struggled against the pain to maintain his hold on the other. Ward approached slowly, struggling with the wound in his stomach.
Dj vu, Commander, he said and laughed as he gripped the handle of the knife protruding from Adams arm.
He was referencing the day at the train station where hed stabbed him in the side.
Adam braced himself for what he knew was coming.
In one brutal motion, Jason yanked the blade out, taking some of his flesh with it.
Adam roared in pain and sank to his knees. Sweat ran down his face. He gripped his bloodied arm in an effort to stop the blood loss. It had already soaked his lower arm, drenching his hand in a matter of seconds.
Thats gotta hurt, Jason said, savoring the expression of anguish on his enemys face. If you werent such a hero, youd have fired off a fatal shot when you first walked in here.
You dont deserve the mercy of a quick death, Adam rasped.
I could have severed your arm if Id wanted to. But I held back on the account of the fact that I murdered your wife.
Spare me your mercies, you son of a bitch.
Jason circled him, watching as Adam tried to fight against the paralyzing pain to get off his knees.
You know, that night when I had my hands around her neck, she screamed out your name. Over and over again. Guess she thought youd swoop in and save her just in time like the hero she thought you were. But you didnt. You werent there when it counted.
Shut up!
She never saw it coming. Neither will Benson. Im thinking I will use the same approach as I did with your wife. The thing with Jim was too time-consuming. This time itll just be the two of us.
I will stop you, Adam seethed through gritted teeth.
At the mention of Jasons plan to assassinate Abbey, Adam felt intense adrenaline course through his veins. It was so intense that it almost caused him to vomit. Rage consumed him and its fire numbed the pain just enough to let him think and force his body to move.
His hand shot out and gripped Jasons ankle. He pulled hard and forced him off his feet. He crashed to the floor beside him and Adam pounced on him. He thrust his left fist into his face, breaking his nose with one satisfying crack. His right hand gripped his hair and slammed the back of his skull against the hard concrete floor, over and over, without mercy.
Jason tried to force Adam off him, but his weight bore down on him, pinning him firmly to the floor.
Adam assaulted him like a man possessed, pummeling him brutally, crushing bone, slicing his skin with his fists. All the rage and pain over his wifes murder surfaced now. It drove him on. He couldnt stop. And then he felt Jasons body go limp.
He climbed off him slowly. He reached for his TEC-9 and struggled to his feet.
You...cant...protect...her, Jason choked out. His half-closed eyes glared at Adam.
Adam raised his gun and fired off a shot.
This is a start.
It penetrated Jasons skull, killing him instantly.
As he stood there, staring at the man he had just killed in cold blood, an overwhelming wave of lightheadedness consumed him. He leaned back against the wall to let it pass.
He pulled out his cell phone and dialed. Paul. I need help. Corner of Dunne and Portland. Five minutes.
He hung up and staggered through the bar. The address he had given Paul was a few blocks away. He couldnt have Paul pick him up here as all notions of deniability would be shot to hell.
He just hoped he could remain conscious until Paul showed.

CHAPTER 36
Abbey and Rick lay asleep in her bed. Project Illumination had been a long operation that had lasted into the early hours of the morning. By the time theyd finished theyd been closer to Abbeys place than Ricks so theyd crashed there, completely exhausted.
Abbey awoke to the sound of her cell phone buzzing on her night table. She reached for it and answered sleepily. Yeah, Benson speaking. She listened carefully, barely cognizant. What? she exclaimed. She sat up suddenly. Ill be right there.
She threw the covers off and hurried out of bed.
Whats wrong? Rick murmured, awakening from her sudden movement.
He rolled over and watched groggily as she rushed around the bedroom looking for her clothes that were scattered across the floor.
I have to go.
What? Who was that?
Adam.
At the mention of Adams name, Rick shot up in bed. So, he calls and you come running?
In this case, yes, she said, zipping up her pants.
Why? Rick pressed. He reached out and gripped her arm, forcing her towards him.
Its not what you think. I cant...its classified, she said.
Rick released her and let her resume dressing. Of course it is, he mumbled.
Okay. Stay here as long as you like. Just lock up before you leave. She kissed his forehead and then rushed out of the door.
He heard the front door slam and her car start a few seconds later.
Dammit, Adam! he roared, throwing a pillow across the room.
 * * * * *
Abbey arrived at the meeting place that Adam had designated. He stood outside smoking, leaning against her fathers mausoleum.
You smoke too much, she chastised him.
Occupational hazard, he said, with a grin.
She stood before him and eyed him expectantly before saying, Your message was really cryptic.
I know. Sorry. Your phone isnt secure.
You mentioned that you had something important to tell me about my father? she pressed, anxiously needing to hear what he had to say.
Its about his killer.
Abbey waited with bated breath. Her heart started to pound.
Hes dead, Abbey.
She stared at him, lost for words. She was shocked. She took a step back and looked away in an effort to compose herself. But she could already feel the tears starting to come.
What? she choked out.
He was killed last night.
By the CSA?
No, Adam lied, He had a lot of enemies.
Im sure, Abbey agreed.
Adam approached her. I thought you would want to know.
She moved into him and hugged him tightly. He wrapped his left arm around her.
Thank you, she said.
Adam felt her warmth. It was a welcome contrast to the feelings he had been fighting from having murdered many men in cold blood. Hed hoped he would be unaffected by it. He should be used to it by now.
Abbey pulled back and noticed Adam flinch as she inadvertently brushed against his right arm.
Whats wrong with your arm?
Accident in the gun cage, Adam lied. God, that was a bad lie. But she had little choice but to buy it.
Are you okay?
Yeah, Im fine. Fine.
They gazed at one another for a while. They both harbored things that they wanted to express. But neither one of them could bring themselves to do it. It was too awkward.
Well, I should get going, Abbey said.
Adam nodded. He watched as she started to walk away. Before he could stop himself, he found himself blurting out, Be careful with him.
Abbey spun back around. She smiled sweetly. He cared for her greatly. She knew he was just concerned. She took his words in and called back, I will.
 * * * * *
Adam tossed and turned. Hed been trying to fall asleep for the last three hours, but he just couldnt. The image of Jason Wards lifeless body haunted him. It was etched into his memory and determinedly clawed itself to the surface.
Perhaps it was naive, but hed thought that killing the man whod murdered his wife would offer him some peace. Sure, it offered him some semblance of closure, but it wasnt peace. There was just guilt. And the awful flashbacks that now plagued him. He couldnt deny that he was concerned that he was suffering from flashbacks again. But he couldnt seek professional help, because no one could know about what hed done. Hed just have to maintain a good sense of self-awareness to make sure the symptoms didnt worsen. He had to maintain strong mental control at all costs. Too many people were counting on him. Youve done it before, you can do it again.
His thoughts were interrupted by the welcome sound of his phone ringing. He rolled over and reached for it. Reede here.
Adam, its Bill. I have bad news.
He moved to sit up. He groaned as he accidentally put pressure on his wounded arm.
Adam? You okay?
Yeah, fine. Im listening.
Jameson has leaked intel to Stover claiming that the CSA assassinated a dozen Syndicate personnel and a man identified as Jason Ward last night at a well-known Syndicate haunt. Apparently it was quite the bloodbath.
Field Ops was on another operation far away from that area.
Were you aware of the hit?
I dont know what youre talking about.
A few moments of silence passed between them. Adam could tell that Bill was aware that it was him.
Work on your alibi. Colin called an emergency meeting with the Circle a few hours ago. Hes claiming it was you. Jeff and I told him he was talking nonsense, but you know how he is. Hes claiming that your actions have jeopardized the CSA and hes urging the Circle to withdraw its support from you.
Youd think he would be celebrating. Jason Ward was the one tasked with assassinating his niece, Adam said.
He has his own agenda, Bill explained.
Adam sighed heavily. Thanks for the heads up.
Anytime. Jeff and I have your back.
Thanks, Bill. Talk to you later.
Adam eased himself out of bed, careful not to put any pressure on his arm again. He put on his robe and reached for his cell again. He speed dialed. Paul, emergency meeting. Tomorrow. My place. Sundown. Clear our schedules. Bring Tony.
He hung up and leaned against the bed for support. He was exhausted. Things were happening exactly as hed predicted, albeit a little faster than he had anticipated.

CHAPTER 37
Rick lay on top of Abbey, gazing at her lovingly as he gently stroked her hair.
I see some of the blonde coming through, he told her.
I know.
Looks kinda cool.
Abbey smiled. Shouldnt you get out there?
She was referring to the gym. It was the middle of the day. Anyone could walk in searching for Rick to train them. He was the main draw to all of the eager, young fighters. His reputation drew people from miles away.
No, theres no one here yet. Its a Saturday. They know Im not gonna be down until the early afternoon. My staff can take care of it, he said, kissing her softly. Relax, baby.
I cant believe Im in your bed fully clothed, she told him.
Rick laughed. I know. Im losing my edge, he joked. He pulled back and sat up, straddling her. Abbey...I think...that...that...Im in love with you, he exclaimed suddenly.
Abbey was shocked. What? Did Rick Walker, professional womanizer, just profess his love? She was touched.
Rick...I but before she could finish, he suddenly cupped his hand over her mouth.
She felt him stiffen and concentrate intensely.
And then he dove over her, grabbed his gun off the side table beside her, and pulled her off the bed with him. They rolled off the bed into a heap on the floor.
Intruders, he whispered off her confused expression.
As soon as the words had left his mouth she felt it too. She realized that she had a little way to go before she could sense things as quickly as he could. Damn, he was fast!
Seconds later, bullets hit the pillows.
Shit! Its almost empty, he exclaimed, inspecting the magazine as he crouched as low as possible beside Abbey to avoid the gunfire.
The sound of automatic fire ripped through the room.
He reached for the drawer in his bedside table, but shots rang out. He pulled back quickly, just avoiding being hit.
Abbey withdrew a knife from one of the two holsters strapped to her ankles. Rick watched as she closed her eyes briefly, concentrating. Split seconds later she turned and threw the blade through the air with incredible speed. They heard a scream followed by the heavy sound of a gun crashing to the floor.
Thanks, Rick said, finally able to reach for the ammo in his drawer. He pulled the drawer out quickly and let it crash to the floor beside him. Gunfire erupted again and the two of them crouched lower.
Shit, Abbey exclaimed as the relentless fire continued and the bullets started to get closer to their targets.
Hold on, Rick told her, Ive got this.
Swiftly, he replaced the magazine and stuffed the rest of the ammo into the pockets of his jeans.
Ready? he asked, turning to her.
Abbey withdrew a second knife. She nodded and braced herself.
Rick waited for what he knew had to come. The gunman had to reload at some point.
The fire stopped.
He jumped to his feet, raised his gun, and fired, barely needing to make an effort to check his aim. He already knew he was spot-on. He fired a single bullet. It blew a hole in the gunmans jugular. Blood spewed forth like lava from an erupting volcano. He went down hard.
Lets go! Rick yelled to Abbey.
He gripped her hand and they sped over to the bedroom door.
Someone was near! They both sensed it and broke contact, each flattening their back tightly against the wall either side of the door. They were completely in sync. There was no need to talk strategy. It was pure instinct.
The footsteps got nearer. The next gunman was almost upon them. Abbey strengthened her grip on her knife. Rick readied his gun.
The opponent reached Ricks peripheral vision first.
Rick shot out his hand, gripped the mans shoulder, and hauled him into the room. Abbey swept her leg at his ankles and he went down hard, losing grip on his rifle. Rick pounced on him, grinding his knees into his back and forcing his hands behind his head. Abbey locked the bedroom door and approached them.
Rick got off the man and stood next to Abbey. He trained his gun on him; a warning that hed better stay down.
How many are here? he growled.
Im not telling you shit, the gunman spat.
Rick fired a shot into his shoulder.
The man bellowed and writhed in pain. He cursed Rick as he gasped for air and reached protectively for his shoulder.
How many?
A dozen, give or take.
Abbey and Rick exchanged a nervous glance.
All heavily armed?
The man nodded.
Whos the target? Abbey asked.
The man glanced between Abbey and Rick. Him.
He eyed Abbey and licked his lips. She shot him a disgusted glance.
How about you and I have a go at it after they kill him? he said, mouthing a kiss to her.
Shut it! Rick roared, pressing the muzzle of his gun to his temple.
His finger tightened on the trigger.
Rick! Abbey yelled.
He hesitated. His finger was hot on the trigger. He wanted to pull it. He glanced at her. Her eyes pleaded with him.
Dont, she urged.
Son of a bitch. He grudgingly took a step back.
Instead, he smashed his knee brutally into the mans temple, knocking him unconscious.
We should call Adam now, Abbey said as she studied Rick worriedly. What was he truly capable of? She wasnt sure she wanted the answer.
Rick strode towards the door and violently yanked it open. There isnt time. By the time the CSA gets here itll be over. Forget about it. Lets do this.
Before she could respond, he was out the door and making his way down the corridor to the office. He was pissed. Wrong guy to piss off, Abbey thought.
As they reached the door, another assassin barreled towards them. But Rick was ready for him. He grabbed his shoulders, hauled him off his feet, and slammed him against the wall of the corridor. His hand gripped his face. His fingertips dug into his flesh and he slammed the back of his head against the wall over and over again until he lost consciousness.
You come into my home, you sons of bitches! Rick roared as he bolted into the office. Abbey followed close behind, flanking him, her knife at the ready.
Four men rushed into the room.
Abbey glanced through the glass wall and saw a half dozen more making their way across the gym floor. They just kept coming. Now they needed a strategy.
But Rick had other ideas.
Come on, boys. Lets do this right, he challenged the four men, holstering his gun in his belt.
The men hesitated, surprised at the strange offer.
They accepted and put down their firearms.
Then they ran at him.
Abbey round-housed one of them away. He careened into a built-in bookshelf opposite Ricks desk. But he maintained his balance. Abbey moved in. Then her senses screamed at her. Behind you! She spun around into a fist. With lightning-fast reflexes she stopped it mere inches before it connected with her face. She shoved his arm away and took the opportunity to land a back kick to her other opponent, forcing him back against the bookshelf. The assassin in front of her was a good fighter and they met blow for blow. She couldnt deflect her focus from him. She felt the man behind lunge at her. She jumped up and spun into a flying kick that sent him sprawling across the office floor. Finally, he was out of the fight. But it had compromised her position with the other assassin. Before she could react, he took hold of her and hurled her across the desk. She tried to lessen the impact of the fall, but she failed to get a grip on the desktop. She crashed painfully into a heap on the floor. She grunted at the bone-jarring impact.
Rick heard her cry out and stole a glance in her direction. He saw her opponent thrust his foot into her side as she struggled to get up. But there was nothing he could do. He was mid-battle himself.
Abbey! Stop holding back! He knew she was holding out, trying to tame her instincts. She was afraid shed lose control in battle.
Do it! he yelled to her, between blows.
As her opponent thrust his steel-toe boot into her side again, Abbey took Ricks words in. There was no choice. She breathed and let the familiar fire rise to the surface. She let go.
She became a whirlwind of unstoppable motion. The fight became her.
She swept her leg at her opponent, knocking him back. She rolled onto her back, then reared back and somersaulted to her feet. Assuming a fighting stance, she waited. He rushed at her. She waited until he was upon her, then sidestepped out of the way and struck him with a sidekick. He stumbled and she executed a powerful flying kick that sent him flailing into the wall. The force of the impact knocked him out cold.
She spun back to Rick. More men were forcing their way up the steps towards the office. He fought to drive them back. She hurried towards him and that was when she felt it. She followed the feeling and then she saw it: an armed man had made his way up the steps. He took aim at Rick. His finger gripped the trigger.
Abbeys hand gripped her knife. She hurled it towards him. It cut through the air like lightning. It was a blur, barely detectable to the human eye. She watched as it plunged into his chest, driving deep, just inches above his heart. Shocked, he gazed at the handle of the blade in his chest. He gripped it, frantically, but he was quickly overcome by the searing pain and collapsed against the wall, fighting for breath.
Rick eyed Abbey, taken aback. He hadnt even sensed the gunman. That was too close.
He glanced through the glass wall and spotted four or five more assassins entering the gym. You got this? he called to her.
There were only three opponents left in the office.
Abbey nodded.
With that, Rick gripped his gun and got to his feet. Without breaking his stride he fired off a fatal shot at one of the men blocking his path and then rushed out towards the gym floor.
The remaining two opponents approached Abbey. She readied herself.
Instead of surrounding her, one of them broke formation and rushed her. She thrust her fist into his throat. And that was that. He fell back, clutching his throat, rasping for breath. Before she could turn back to the other assassin, his two-hundred-pound body sped towards her. She couldnt stop him and he crashed into her, forcing them into the glass wall. It shattered at the powerful impact. They fell through the glass, twenty feet down onto the hard floor of the gym below.
Abbey used her hands to break her fall a little, but it still winded her. She felt the sharp pain of a zillion shards of glass stabbing into her flesh. She rolled over to face her opponent. He was out cold. Thank God. She couldnt move. It hurt too much.
Abbey! Rick screamed.
His anxiety caused him to lose focus. He took a hefty hit in the gut from one of the four men surrounding him. He failed to block a kick from another. Expecting something from the other two, he was gripped with terror when he witnessed them running over to where Abbey lay. They were going to kill her.
He attempted to recover his upper hand, but he was too distracted. Quickly they had him on his knees. He watched Abbey toss a handful of glass shards at the first man that reached her. It incapacitated him, getting into his eyes. He screamed and backed away, trying to cast it out. But the other one was smarter and approached her from behind, wrapping his arm around her neck. He was choking her!
Abbey couldnt breathe. An arm pressed tightly against her windpipe, preventing her from taking in oxygen. She was becoming lightheaded. Her vision was blurring. Frantically, she searched the floor for a shard of glass that she could use as a makeshift knife. Sharp stabs of pain plagued her hands as the shattered glass that she searched through punctured her skin.
Then, abruptly, his arm was ripped away. She gasped for breath, coughing violently.
Ab? Rick called frantically as he knelt beside her. His eyes fell to the blood pooling around her. She was wounded badly.
Im okay, she choked out.
Where is it? Where are you hurt? he asked, anxiously scanning her body.
She moved to get up. Rick came to her aid and wrapped his arms around her to help her to her knees. Her shirt was soaked with blood. There! He stared worriedly at a sharp shard of glass protruding from her side. He reached for it. She flinched and eyed him fearfully.
I have to, baby. It needs disinfecting.
He stripped off his own shirt and rolled it to form a makeshift gauze pad. He took hold of the end of the shard again. He could feel it slicing into his skin. He pushed the pain aside and looked at her. This is gonna hurt, he warned her.
Do it, she said.
He saw the agony on her face as he pressed his other hand to her side to steady her for what he was about to do. He felt her grip his arm tightly.
And then he pulled out the shard in one incredibly fast motion. He tossed it and it clattered to the floor.
She screamed and writhed against him.
He held her steady with one hand. No, try to stay still.
With his free hand he pushed his balled shirt against the wound to stop the bleeding. He held it there tightly.
You need unbreakable glass, she said with a weak smile.
He returned her smile and said, Consider it done. He watched her carefully. Her breathing was too erratic. Her eyes were glazed. Shock. Abbey, slow your breathing. Now. Deep breaths.
Im tired.
I dont care! he yelled in an attempt to scare her enough to keep her from trying to sleep. Stay awake! Look at me!
Her eyes snapped back into focus and she murmured, Sorry.
Its okay. I need to get you to the ER now.
Before he could move, the two of them jumped at the sudden sound of the gym door creaking open.
Hold this against you, he whispered to Abbey, gesturing to his rolled-up t-shirt against her wound.
He reached for an abandoned rifle of one of the men on the ground beside them. He snapped it up, cocked it, and aimed at the door.
They waited.
Abbey had a better angle on the door and saw a pair of gym shorts pass into her view. Not an assassins clothing.
But Rick already had his finger on the trigger.
Rick! No!
It was too late. A shot was fired. A soul-crushing shriek echoed around the room and the limp body of a teenage boy hit the floor.
Oh my God, Abbey breathed.
Rick dropped the gun and bolted over to the kid. He skidded to his knees beside him. Kid! Kid!
The boy eyed Rick with a weak smile. Rick...Walker?
Yeah, Rick confirmed, as he pressed his hands to the wound.
He turned to see Abbey struggling over to them. She eyed him anxiously. Rick shook his head sadly. Abbey looked away as tears filled her eyes.
The wound was fatal. A chest shot. Rick looked at his hands. Both his fists fit on the boys chest cavity. Blood covered his hands. He couldnt stop it.
I made it here. Youre...my...hero...wanted you to train...me, the boy choked out.
Rick was jolted from what he was doing at the boys words. They cut like a knife.
Im sorry.
The boy smiled and reached for his hand. Rick took it.
Moments later his grip slackened. He was dead.
Abbey laid a hand on Ricks shoulder. Rick brought his hands to his face, but stopped suddenly as he saw the blood on them. He moved away from Abbey and rushed over to the wall, slamming his fists against it.
Rick! Abbey bellowed over the thunderous thuds that echoed around the room.
It was an accident! he yelled back. His eyes fell to the boy. He could feel his eyes watering, emotion overtaking him. He couldnt control it.
I know, Abbey told him.
He came into the battlefield! I thought he was one of them!
Abbey moved towards him and leaned against the wall for support. The pain was excruciating. Rick, I know, she said, laying her hand on him to try to comfort him. But he wouldnt have it and pulled away from her.
We need to call Adam. Now, Rick.
He turned to her angrily and snapped, Why do you always have to run to him?
What?
What is it with you two?
Abbey stopped herself. Rick was trying to pick a fight. He was losing control. She could see his hands shaking. He paced back and forth, his eyes flitting to the boys lifeless body sprawled on the floor.
Rick, we have to. A boy is dead. Look around. This place is a war zone.
He stopped pacing and strode towards her. He slammed his hands against the wall, inches above her shoulders. Abbey saw the rage in his eyes. His glance was threatening. She looked at him, holding her gaze steady, trying to reach him.
Shit, he breathed and pulled back.
Abbey sighed with relief. She wasnt in any position to defend herself. She watched as Rick reached for his phone. She sank to the floor against the wall.
Adam. Its Rick. I need your help. Invasion. Thirteen men down. One...civilian fatality, he reported.
Where are you? Adam responded.
My place. Bring medical assistance. Abbey took a big hit.
Ill be there in ten.
Rick hung up and turned to Abbey. Ten minutes.

CHAPTER 38
If it had been anyone else they wouldnt have survived this, Tom Winston commented as he approached Adam on the gym floor.
Adam glanced up at Rick and Abbey in the office.
Thirteen?
Yep, Winston confirmed.
He noticed Adam flinch as he attempted to fold his arms.
Hows it healing?
Adam glanced over his shoulder at him. How does he know? The guy certainly has his ear to the ground.
Its healing. Just an ache now. Couple more weeks and I should be back to normal, Adam responded, careful not to reveal too much.
Extremely close call, no?
Perhaps.
Nice work, Winston told him.
They exchanged a knowing glance. Then Adam changed the subject, returning his gaze to Ricks office.
The Syndicate is attempting to take out my best agents, he commented aloud.
Listen, Adam, you have a lot on your plate right now. If you want me to keep the civilian fatality off the Circles radar for a few days, I can, Winston offered.
Adam stirred from his thoughts and turned back to him. No, I need them to know. Rick needs their help.
All right. Well, Im done here. Well talk soon.
Thanks, Adam said, laying a hand on Winstons shoulder.
Not at all.
Adam watched him leave. He collected himself and walked across the gym towards Ricks office.
He leaned against the door, arms folded. Abbey stood tiredly against the far wall, her hand on her bandaged wound. Her face was littered with gashes and bruises had begun to form on her face. She was really beat up. Rick sat atop his desk with minimal physical injuries, mostly bruises. But as he stared off into oblivion, Adam was concerned by the extent of his psychological wounds.
Walk me over what happened here.
I told you already. They burst in. We neutralized them. The boy came in at the wrong moment. I assumed he was another assassin so I
You took the shot, Adam finished for him.
Rick nodded regretfully. He brought his hands to his face.
It was an accident, Abbey added.
Thirteen men? Adam uttered, ignoring Abbey and focusing on Rick.
Rick moved to argue, but Adam held his hand up, silencing him. Thirteen men invaded with the expressed intention of murder. They blocked one exit. There are two available. You obtained intel that they were all heavily armed and you chose to launch an offensive?
Yes. Whats the problem? Rick asked.
The problem is that a decision was made to launch an offensive against a small army which superseded the safer option of a retreat. A split second analysis of the situation would have concluded that a retreat was the rational course of action. Going on the offensive against that many opponents was rash, reckless, and bordering on insanity. It was an emotional response.
Excuse me? Emotional? Rick challenged.
You made an emotional decision.
They came into my home!
Rick, youre a senior-ranking operative. You should have been able to see past that. You are trained to see past that. The fact that you didnt concerns me. We have eight dead, five severely wounded, and one civilian fatality! I cant keep this off the books.
What are you saying? Rick asked.
Im pulling you from active duty, effective immediately.
Rick was stunned. He looked at Abbey and her reaction mirrored his own. Adam was suspending him from the CSA?
Abbey moved to argue, but Adam cut her off, Youre still on probation. Dont even try to question my orders.
Rick nodded for Abbey to stand down. He didnt need her help.
Until when?
Until Im confident that you are able to make the rational, strategically-sound decisions that you used to be able to. First, though, Im sending you to the Northern Training Facility where you will undergo crisis counseling with Rupert Everett. Its a three-week program.
Come on, Adam. I dont need that touchy-feely crap.
Rick, you killed an innocent boy. If youre not feeling the weight of it now, guaranteed you will soon. Youll need help.
This is bullshit! Rick yelled and attempted to leave the room. But Adam gripped his arm, stopping him.
Rick glared at him, rage seething.
Im trying to help you, Adam told him softly, I know what its like.
Something in his words managed to subdue Ricks ire. His expression softened and he sighed heavily, calming somewhat.
You think you can?
Im gonna try, but you have to let me.
Rick paused.
Rick, please, Abbey beseeched him.
Rick and Adam exchanged a look. He knew it still hurt Adam to see any evidence of the two of them being together. Hearing her loving pleas, knowing they were together prior to the invasion, all had to be extremely trying on him. Rick had to give him credit. He was hiding it well. But he knew Adam better than that. He knew it was killing him.
Okay, he conceded.
All right then.
Adam glanced around at the state of Ricks place. Shattered glass everywhere. Overturned furniture. Bullet holes in the walls and the floorboards. It was a war zone.
You cant stay here. I guess youll... Adam said, trailing off, as he realized that Rick would crash at Abbeys. He cleared his throat and said, All right. Rick, youll be expected at the NTF tomorrow evening. Rupert will call you in the morning to relay further instructions. When you get back well meet.
Rick nodded in understanding. Thanks.
Adam eyed him and as he did, the look in Ricks eyes unnerved him. It sent a chill through him. What was it? He couldnt put his finger on it to define it. But there was something deceiving in his expression. What the hell was it?
He didnt have time to work it out as Rick helped Abbey to the door and the two of them made their way out of the office and down the steps. He let them go.

CHAPTER 39
Rick closed the front door and followed Abbey into the living room.
She gritted her teeth from the ache in her side as she slid off her jacket and dropped it on the couch. Rick stayed by the door staring into space.
You okay? she asked.
Yeah, Im fine, he snapped.
We can talk about it, she offered.
What is there to talk about, Abbey? I killed an innocent. It was an accident. No amount of talking is gonna change that. Besides, Im gonna have enough talking with Everett.
It could have been either one of us.
But it wasnt. I took the shot.
Rick
Just drop it, Abbey. Shit!
Okay, sorry, she said, walking towards him, Im here if you need me.
She reached out and stroked his arm softly. She moved into him, but he pushed her back suddenly. She stumbled back from the force of it and clutched at her wound.
Im sorry...I cant...I cant do this, Abbey.
Okay, we wont talk about it.
He saw the hurt in her eyes, the many questions on the tip of her tongue.
No, I mean...I cant be around you right now.
What? she asked, her voice breaking.
Im not in control. I dont trust myself around you.
She took a step forward. Rick took a step back.
Dont worry about that.
Rick bolted forward and gripped her arms tightly, pulling her close to him, shaking her. You dont get it. The thing with the kid was intense. Im messed up. I cant be near you.
Stop! she yelled, breaking his grip and pushing him back.
Youre not strong enough to stop me. If I lose it thats it!
No, I know you wont hurt me.
Rick snickered before he said, You dont know what kind of a man I really am, Abbey.
Of course I do. Weve been together for long enough.
Ive shown you what you wanted to see.
I dont believe you, she said, shaking her head vehemently.
Thats your mistake.
Rick!
Look, you wouldnt have given it up to me if I hadnt toned it down. I kept it safe.
Abbey glared at him. So, it was just all about the chase?
Rick locked eyes with her. He hesitated. It has to be done. Say it! He could feel the intensity between them. He took a step back and looked away to avoid seeing the hurt in her eyes. Yes, he forced himself to say.
Youre lying.
I can hurt you badly. Stay away.
She turned away from him. Go, she murmured.
Ab
Go! she screamed.
She heard him walk to the door. He slammed it behind him and the force of it reverberated around the living room. She let out a sigh and collapsed to her knees. The pain in her side was crippling. What a day.
 * * * * *
Adam stood before Paul and Tony in his living room. They sat on the couch studying the papers that he had handed them. He waited patiently for them to absorb the information.
A black ops unit? Paul asked.
Two, Adam corrected.
Team Alpha. Team Beta. Alpha will carry out deep-cover operations. Interrogations, assassinations. The ugly but necessary work of the CSA. Beta will be concerned with stakeouts, policing the city, raids. These will be their covert functions. None of this will be known by anyone outside of the team members, the three of us, and the Circle. Desk staff will not be privy to this either. Both teams will carry out legal, non-controversial operations as well under the Field Ops alias. This is the only way I can facilitate the continued operation of the CSA when the government moves in. What do you think?
Paul glanced at Adam and smiled. I think its genius.
Tony, can you work out the tech logistics? Adam asked.
Its a challenge, but not impossible. Wed need to run Alpha and Beta communications, operational info, reports, logs, etc., off another server. Id have to create a separate secure frequency that the government and the rest of the CSA wouldnt be able to pick up. We need a separate location, not HQ.
Do you have anywhere in mind? Paul asked Adam.
Here.
Paul and Tony exchanged a look.
Basement/garage level. Its large enough and already houses a small armory. This is the most secure location we have available to us. Jameson has leaked intel to Stover about the Jason Ward situation. We dont have long, Adam informed them.
Understood, Tony said.
How long do you need to set this up here? Adam asked.
Tony threw Adam a look and said, As much time as you can give me.
Okay. Paul and I will take care of the rest.
What about Circle authorization? Paul asked.
Im heading up there in a couple of weeks to present it to them. But in any case we need to start now.
You gonna get a report from Everett on Rick? Paul said.
Yeah, Ill talk to him.
Despite the conflict that often arose between Rick and Adam over some of Ricks actions in the field that went against Adams rules and regulations, there was a deep-rooted friendship between the three of them. Paul was concerned for Ricks well-being as much as Adam was.
But unlike Paul, Adam knew what it meant to take the life of an innocent. Hed spent years in the military. Collateral damage happened. Civilians got caught in the crossfire. It was a harsh reality of war. But knowing that didnt make it any easier to live with. Adam wasnt sure that Rick could get past it. Knowing Rick as well as he did, knowing he had a darkness in him, he had to be prepared that this incident could pull him further in. If he refused help it could consume him. As Commander, he had to be prepared for the worst. He could only pray that it wouldnt come to that.
Hes staying with Abbey until he leaves tomorrow anyway, so hell be okay until he gets Ruperts help. Right? Paul pressed.
Adam shook his head. Security reported that he left her place three hours ago. They tracked him to a motel on the outskirts of town. Theres been no further movement so it seems hes settled there for the night. Were keeping a close eye on him.
What happened?
I dont know. I wasnt there, Adam responded with a little bit of an edge in his voice.
Sounds like they broke up, Tony muttered distractedly as he concentrated on the papers in front of him.
Paul eyed Adam worriedly. Adam read his meaning. No. Youre not going over there. He needs time alone to process whats happened. If you go over there hes just going to view it as interference and as a threat. You know how defensive he is. Leave him be. Tomorrow hell be on his way to the NTF. Rupert can help him better than any of us can.
You can help him, Paul argued.
What?
Paul! Tony hissed. He shook his head vehemently.
But Paul disregarded his warning and continued anyway, Youve killed men and youve managed to move past it.
You think Im in recovery? Adam asked incredulously.
Paul nodded. Well, yeah.
Adam shook his head gravely. He didnt say anything. There werent any words.
Tony and Paul both studied him intensely. An awkward silence filled the room.
After a few moments, Adam finally broke the tension by saying, He has to accept what hes done and take responsibility. Then he can begin to work through it. If he cant
Then we lose him, Paul finished.
Adam nodded.

CHAPTER 40
Adam strode down the corridor towards the boardroom.
Commander! a familiar voice called from behind.
He turned to see Rupert Everett hurrying towards him.
Rupert, he greeted when he finally reached him.
Adam saw the anxiety etched on his face. Something was very wrong. He braced himself and asked, What is it?
Rupert was out of breath from having chased Adam a good way down the corridor. He took a couple of deep breaths to steady his breathing before speaking, Its Walker. We have a problem.
Adam waited for him to continue.
I was on my way here for our meeting. One of my staff called. A few minutes ago Walker discharged himself from our facility.
Any casualties?
No, my staff is well aware of his reputation.
Adam folded his arms and sighed heavily as he considered the situation.
Adam, I can give you forty-eight hours to find him and stabilize the situation. If you cant well have to issue a red alert and classify Rick as rogue.
I understand.
I cant think of anything more dangerous than a man like Rick Walker going rogue.
Agreed. Let me make a call.
Rupert nodded and headed towards the boardroom.
Adam scanned his immediate vicinity. It was secure. He withdrew his cell phone. Abbey, I need you to do something for me.
He relayed his instructions to her. He knew she stood a better chance of tracking Rick down than anyone. There was an instinctual connection between them. She could find him.
Moments later, he entered the boardroom. He glanced around the room. Everyone was accounted for. Colin shot him a fierce glance. Clearly he hadnt moved past the issue of him recruiting Abbey into the CSA.
Thank you to all of you for coming on such short notice. Ill get right to it. The government is closing in. They threaten our continued operation. I have devised a way to allow us to operate as we currently do without bureaucratic restrictions. I need your authorization to proceed. Heres how it will lay out.
Adam detailed his plan to create two back ops units within the CSA that would fly below government radar.
Complicated from a logistics standpoint, but possible, Bill said, Im with you.
Its brilliant, Jeff agreed.
Adam eyed Rupert. He saw him grin. He was impressed with the idea also.
You have my support.
Adam registered nods of support from Maggie and Sally as well.
Are we just authorizing anything now? Colin burst out. He sat forward and spoke earnestly, Lets not forget that our Commander murdered a man and brutally slaughtered several Syndicate soldiers in the process. An off-the-books operation that was subsequently leaked to Stover and has jeopardized the entire agency.
Thats quite an accusation, Colin. I hope you have proof to back it up, Bill cautioned.
He glanced at Adam whose eyes had remained fixed on Colin since the start of his outburst. He listened, watching him stoically.
Forget about proof. The circumstantial evidence all points to him. Do you deny it, Commander? Do you deny that your actions were reckless and irrational, driven by your personal vendetta against Ward rather than the agencys best interests?
Adams glare was ice-cold, completely unreadable and devoid of emotion. He revealed nothing. He leaned forward and rested his hands on the table. Id hoped we could settle this privately, Colin, but now youve made that impossible. Im sure youve been waiting a long time to do this. So, in the spirit of full disclosure, yes, I took out Ward.
He kept his eyes on Colin but his peripheral vision detected the expressions of shock and disbelief on the faces of the Circle. Colin moved to continue his rant, but Adam held his hand up to silence him. That night I received intel that Ward had been contracted to assassinate one of my agents. That agent was Abbey Benson. He paused to read Colins shocked reaction to the news that Abbey had been Wards target. Then he continued, I had a couple of hours to prevent it. Yes, I had personal reasons for wanting Ward dead. He killed my wife. Of course there was resentment there. For those of you who arent aware, he also killed Jim. Ward was a member of a covert group of mercenaries led by Colonel Frank Hartlett. They have roamed unchecked all over the world, committing atrocities that those of us who have lived through the realities of war can very easily imagine. No one has taken them out. Until now. Taking Ward out was a strategic move. It wasnt a rogue operation. It wasnt a reckless act. I didnt task the CSA for one simple reason: deniability. It had to be done, one way or another, but with the government breathing down our necks I wanted to keep the CSA out of it. I shouldered the responsibility, not the agency.
Colin glanced at Rupert for his opinion, expecting him to back him up and slam Adam.
Adam is right. Taking out Ward was a sound move. It has sent a message to Hartlett that his group is not untouchable. It also saved the life of one of the CSAs top agents. Acting alone is also understandable. It was not reckless. Adam is a trained ex-military leader. I support the decision. I have nothing further to say on the matter.
Colin was taken aback by Ruperts strong support for Adam, but before he could question it, Adam spoke again, Colin, you question things that you dont understand. Your consistent opposition to my command is a personal vendetta in itself. Your agenda does not have anything to do with whats best for the agency. Its about power. Pure and simple. You seek to supplant me. You crave the power that I have. As Jims brother, you resent that it was not handed to you and instead given to someone twenty years your junior.
This is not acceptable! How dare you speak to me like this?
Adam rose angrily to his feet and slammed his hand down on the tabletop. The thunderous sound echoed around the room. Colin! That is enough! We are fighting a war! There is no time for petty vendettas! In the last two months the Syndicate has attempted to murder two of my best agents. They wont stop there. We are facing the greatest threat weve ever had from Stover and his department. There is no time for this! Your agenda no longer aligns with the CSAs. Adam paused to take a breath before continuing, Youre out.
He withdrew a wad of papers from his inside jacket pocket and slid them across the table to Colin. Colin studied them with disbelief.
That makes it official, Adam told him, Ive tried to let it slide, Col, but I cant any longer. Its affecting the Circle and the agency. You cannot respect my authority. Youre out.
I co-founded the CSA!
Jim created the CSA. You were just along for the ride.
Colin was without a response.
Youre still CSA. I wouldnt take that away from you. Youre still under agency protection, Adam told him, offering him the mercy that he knew Colin wouldnt reciprocate if the situation were reversed.
Colin shot out of his seat and approached Adam, threateningly. Adam stood his ground.
You think you can turn this into a dictatorship and remove any dissension so you can push through whatever you like?
If that was my goal, half the Circle would be ousted by now, Col. I respect the system of checks and balances that the Circle creates. No, I dont always relish the prospect of having to fight to push through new procedures or initiatives, but I respect that it is necessary. I respect the Circle and its function. This is not about me.
Youre making a big mistake, Colin said, moving aggressively closer to Adam until they were mere inches apart.
Adam caught sight of Bill reaching for his hip holster and Maggie preparing to get to her feet to offer assistance.
I wouldnt make your threats so public if I were you.
Colin followed his line of sight and saw what he saw.
The agencys backup HQ is at my estate, Adam.
And agency property, Adam shot back.
Colin, you cant win an argument with him, Rupert advised him. He was trying to spare him, to urge him to leave with dignity. But Colin could never bring himself to take the high road. His pride always got in the way.
Your envy for the power I have is misplaced, Colin. You cant imagine the price for it, Adam told him, softly.
Colin took his words in. He took a step back. He glanced around the room, sighed and turned on his heel and left, slamming the door loudly behind him.
Adam sighed and turned back to the room. Lets take five. I need a smoke.
As everyone filtered out, Bill laid a comforting hand on Adams shoulder. Adam nodded respectfully. Moments later, he felt a different hand on his shoulder. He turned to see Rupert standing before him. He pulled him aside.
Adam braced himself for another fight. But strangely, it never came.
You stood your ground well. Very impressive.
Adam couldnt believe what he was hearing. I thought youd be the last person to support my decision to oust him, given your longtime friendship.
My friendship with him is personal. This is agency business. And, I cant deny that you made the right decision.
Thank you.
Rupert nodded and moved to walk away. But something stopped him. He turned back to Adam and added, Commander, Colins sentiments arent shared by the rest of the Circle. You and I may not always see eye to eye, but as far as Im concerned, your leadership abilities actually surpass Jims. The student has become the master. The Circle has every confidence in your ability to lead the CSA. You have our support.
Adam smiled with gratitude. Finally.

CHAPTER 41
Abbey rounded the corner into a back alley in the industrial district.
Suddenly, two hands took hold of her and slammed her against the wall, knocking the air out of her. She looked up to see Rick standing before her, glaring at her angrily.
Why are you following me, Ab?
She pushed him back roughly, breaking his hold on her.
I told you we cant be together right now, he reminded her.
Get over yourself. This isnt about that. Adam asked me to find you and persuade you to come in to the HQ. We have thirty-six hours left until youre classified as a rogue agent.
Abbey saw that Rick was concerned, but he quickly concealed it with a spiteful smirk. How did you plan on persuading me?
His innuendo wasnt lost on her. Her eyes narrowed.
I could think of a couple of things. Chains come to mind, he taunted her as he sauntered towards her like a predator ready to pounce.
Abbey tried her best to ignore his cutting remarks and keep things between them strictly business. Why did you leave the NTF? They are trying to help you.
It was bullshit. What are they gonna tell me? I killed a kid. It was an accident. Collateral damage. It happens, Ab.
Collateral damage? she repeated, taken aback that he was so cold about it. There was no remorse.
Yeah. Its the work we do.
We dont kill innocent people, Rick. That is not what were about. You need to pull yourself together. Adam can help you. Let him. Come back with me to the HQ.
And, what? Let Adam counsel me? Let him tell me what it means to take the life of an innocent? Dont you get it, Ab?
Get what?
I dont feel anything. No guilt. No regret. Nothing.
No, youre lying. I saw you that night. You were devastated.
Rick smiled. Shock. Thats all it was.
Abbey found herself taking a step back. His words were scaring her. I dont believe you. Youre just afraid of facing it. Youre not alone. Dont alienate yourself. I...care about you, Rick.
Youre not listening. I dont care about what happened, Abbey. You have no idea how liberating it is.
To kill without remorse?
Rick smiled. Its eye opening. Everything just feels different.
Rick, no. Youre allowing the darkness to pull you in. Dont let it. She gripped the lapels of his leather jacket and pulled him towards her and said, You need to listen to me. If you go down this road youll never find your way back.
People like us are made for this. Were warriors. Its instinct. Primal.
Its monstrous. I thought you were a better man than that.
Ill show you what kind of a man I am, he threatened, grabbing hold of her jacket and throwing her roughly against the wall.
He pushed his body against hers, forcing all of his weight against her so she was paralyzed and unable to escape. He pulled at the belt of her jeans and unbuckled it. His hands found the zipper. She squirmed and writhed against him trying to get away.
Rick! Stop! No!
But he didnt hear her. He was frenzied, determined to do to her what his passions urged him to.
No! No! Dont!
Terror gripped her. He was going to take her against her will. He was too far gone for her to reach him. She knew what she had to do. As he moved in to mark her neck she slammed her skull into his face. She heard the crack of bone and he cried out, stumbling back.
Their eyes met fiercely.
Abbey readied her fighting stance.
Rick snickered. Come on, Ab. You really think you can take me?
Before she could respond he thrust his fist into her gut. The force of it propelled her back against the wall, her back jarring painfully against it. A split second later another connected with her face. And another. His hits were so powerful that she hit the ground.
She choked, spitting out the blood that filled her mouth.
You should have stayed away, he told her, approaching.
Abbey forced herself to her feet. Unsteadily, she turned to face him. She wiped blood off her face with the sleeve of her jacket.
He took a step towards her. She withdrew a throwing knife.
Rick stopped short and hesitated.
She eyed him hostilely, spinning the knife rapidly, warning him.
Maybe next time, he said, laughing contemptuously as he slowly backed away.
She maintained her position as she watched him walk away.
Shit, she breathed, when she was sure he had gone.
 * * * * *
As Abbey approached her home she saw a silhouette of a man sitting on one of the chairs on the porch, smoking a cigarette. She felt for her knife in her jacket pocket and drew closer. Within a few moments she realized who it was. Relief washed over her. Adam.
Hey, she said, as she forced her aching body up the porch steps. As she stepped onto the deck the porch lights hit her face, illuminating her features.
Rick! Adam seethed aloud as he took in her bruised and bloody face. He rushed towards her, but she pulled back and shielded her face from him.
Guess this is what you warned me about. Feel free to say I told you so at any point.
Adam laid a hand on her shoulder. She flinched, but didnt move away. He stroked her gently, trying to comfort her. Let me see.
Reluctantly, she turned around. There were tears in her eyes.
Slowly, he reached out his hand and touched her face. He traced his fingers tenderly over the bruise beneath her lower left eye to her cheek that was inflamed from cuts and grazes. He could see they were the result of Ricks knuckles digging into her skin. He could also see that Rick had held back. Her jaw wasnt broken.
Her eyes met his. They gazed at him the way they had all those months ago. He sighed heavily to relieve the tension that had suddenly infiltrated his body.
Did he do any other damage?
She hesitated, but he saw the look in her eye. He knew what it meant.
Son of a bitch!
Its okay, I stopped him.
He moved to respond, but he was stopped by her moving into him. He took her in his arms, protectively, surrounding her body with his. She relaxed against him as he held her.
I have to take him into custody, Abbey. Forget the few hours that we have left. Hes too dangerous right now.
I know, she said, her words muffled against his chest.
She flinched suddenly and pulled back a little. Her eyes scanned the heavy foliage surrounding the house, searching.
What is it?
She didnt respond. Her concentration was fixated on the foliage. She broke away and leaned over the porch railing to get a closer look.
Adam reached for his hip holster, his hand at the ready, prepared to draw at the slightest sign of trouble.
The leaves rustled and heavy footsteps crunched on the ground.
Rick Walker emerged and stepped into the thin veil of light that the moon cast a few feet from the porch.
You need to hone your instincts. I could have picked it up in a fraction of a second, Rick chided her as he approached.
Abbey withdrew her knife.
Rick stalled his approach. But I guess the CSA doesnt train their agents on that stuff. Did you order Bill not to? Afraid shed become like me? he asked Adam.
What are you doing here? Adam demanded.
He descended the porch steps and strode towards Rick.
Adam, Abbey protested.
Like having your hands all over my girl? It must eat you up that I got there first.
It must eat you up knowing that she cant love you, Adam shot back.
Rick faltered, unable to dispute his cutting observation.
Adam stepped closer and eyed him fiercely. I warned you not to hurt her.
Rick smiled wickedly. She likes it rough.
Adam shot out his hand and gripped his throat. Rick attempted to do the same, but Adam raised his gun and said, I dont think so.
You gonna shoot me, Commander? He choked out a maniacal laugh. Shes not innocent anymore.
Before Adam could react, Abbey vaulted over the porch and landed beside Rick. She gripped his shoulders, yanked him towards her, and smashed her knee brutally into his groin.
He cried out and sank to his knees, his hands between his legs. He cursed and gasped for breath.
Youre lucky I didnt use this, she told him, gesturing to the knife in her hand.
Shit, Adam thought. He watched Rick reeling on the ground trying to deal with the pain. He understood the agony he had to be in. It was a sound move on Abbeys part. It was also the ultimate insult and the best payback she could have dealt him. It certainly fit the crime.
Christ! Rick cried out as he stared at Abbey with disbelief.
Stay down! she roared.
You know how long itll take me to recover from this? Did you think about that?
Its over with us, she told him.
It will never be, Rick threatened.
Adam saw the unwavering conviction in his eyes. He meant it. He had no intention of letting her walk away.
Is that a threat? Abbey demanded.
Rick laughed and eyed Adam. He knew Adam understood.
Adam pulled Abbey away. Take my phone. Speed dial 1. Tell Paul we need a transport ASAP. He leaned into her and lowered his voice. Authorization code: Delta-Foxtrot-Five-Nine-Charlie, he said, handing her his cell.
Abbey nodded and walked back to the porch.
Adam knelt down beside Rick. Ive tried to help you through this but you wont let me. You walked out of the NTF against my direct orders. You assaulted a fellow agent tonight. Youre non-responsive to my command. This is all rogue behavior, Rick. It endangers those around you. It compromises the work we do. I will not allow anything to jeopardize my agency. He paused before continuing, I didnt want it to come to this. Youre one of my best agents.
Adam waited, hoping he wouldnt have to do what he was prepared to if Rick resisted arrest. But then Rick lunged at him.
He was expecting it and thrust forward a device hed been concealing in his hand since kneeling beside him. A Taser. He let it fire, shooting a high voltage electric current through Ricks body. He shuddered uncontrollably. He was paralyzed as it ripped through him, forcing him into submission. His body went limp and he slipped into unconsciousness. Adam pulled back. He checked his pulse. Hed be okay.
Dammit, Rick, he breathed.

CHAPTER 42
Rick shifted his weight on the uncomfortable wafer-thin mattress of the cot in his cell. He clasped his hands underneath his pillow to give his head more support.
He was restless. Frustrated. Lightheaded from lack of nicotine. He was dying for a smoke. Hed had no human contact for days. It was an unforgivable decision on Adams part. That son of a bitch had relegated him to solitary confinement with minimal nourishment, no alcohol, no smokes, and no women. It was enough to drive a man insane. Of course, Rick guessed that was Adams intention. He was trying to break him.
Suddenly, he heard the sound of the dead bolt clattering. Moments later the door screeched open. Adam stood at the entrance flanked by two security guards. Rick watched him gesture for them to stay outside. They stepped back and sealed the door behind him.
Rick watched Adam walk into the room. His eyes studied him intensely. Rick didnt move a muscle. He didnt want to give Adam the satisfaction. There was no way he was going to stand at attention.
I trust youve had time to consider your actions? Adam said.
You kept me in solitary for days. Of course Ive had some time on my hands.
You needed time to cool off. Im trying to save your career here, Rick.
Really? And here I thought you were just trying to piss me off, Rick said, sinking his head back into his pillow and closing his eyes.
Get up, Adam ordered him.
You gonna Taser me if I dont?
I had to.
Rick eased himself up and sat, leaning against the wall on the cot. Yeah, because I wasnt already in enough pain thanks to that ex of mine. That could have caused permanent damage.
Adam rolled his eyes. The medics said you were fine.
Yeah, their definition of fine sure as hell isnt the same as mine.
Adam folded his arms and glared at him with disdain. Id call it poetic justice, wouldnt you?
Rick was taken aback at the obvious subtext in Adams comment. He knew. Shed told him.
It was a mistake.
Youre out of control, Rick. Assaulting another agent?
I held back. You know it.
You shouldnt have laid a hand on her at all. Youre insubordinate. Your actions fly in the face of the very things that the CSA stands for. These are court-martial worthy offenses, Rick. Do you understand the gravity of the situation?
Rick sighed heavily. Yes, of course I understand.
Then show some Goddamn cooperation! Im giving you one last shot here! Adam bellowed, losing his cool at Ricks persistent indifferent attitude. What happened with the boy was a tragedy. But you need to get past it to continue to work with the agency. Youre letting it take you down a road that will destroy everything youve worked for. I get it, believe me. It brings you to a crossroads. The guilt eats at you. You think the only escape is denial. Denial that it means anything that you killed a man. But you have to feel it, Rick. You need that remorse. Thats what separates you from evil.
Rick raised his head and smirked at him. You really believe all that in my case, Adam?
Yes. I do.
Rick studied Adams expression. No you dont.
They locked eyes.
He stood up and approached Adam, Youve always known there was a darkness in me. A depravity that I always fought to keep at bay to try to be a better man. But you know, Adam, theres only so long I could deny my true nature. Under your guidance and your agency rules, I always thought there was something wrong with me, to have those not-so-nice urges. But the thing with the kid showed me something. I like the darkness. Its who I am. In that moment it didnt feel wrong at all. He leaned in closer to Adam and lowered his voice to an eerie whisper, I have no guilt. I. Dont. Care.
Adam studied him. Rick wanted him to escalate the tension between them. He wanted him to beg him to reconsider. Rick reveled in triggering reactions in people. To succeed with Adam was a great accomplishment, because of his penchant for maintaining a level head even in the most difficult and tense of circumstances. It crossed Adams mind to tell Rick that he was wrong, that he would be okay, that hed get through this and do the right thing. But Adam knew better. Rick was too far gone. Hed made his choice. He turned and walked away, back towards the door.
His hand ready to knock and signal the security guards to open it, he was stalled by Ricks voice.
I want to talk to her, Adam.
His back to him, Adam responded, Denied.
He slapped his palm against the door. Moments later, it opened and he stepped outside. He watched the security guards secure it. It was then that he felt a hand on his shoulder. He spun to see Abbey and Paul standing behind him.
How did it go? Paul asked.
They both gazed at him, eager to hear some semblance of good news. Adam sighed inwardly. It couldnt be further from what they wanted to hear.
Not...good. Im sorry, he reported.
He saw the disappointment on their faces, particularly Abbeys. She attempted to hide it, but he could see she was affected. Despite his sentiments concerning the relationship between her and Rick, he didnt want to see her in any pain. Besides, she was already wounded enough. The bruising on her face had really set in now. No amount of makeup could conceal Ricks imprints on her face. It sickened him.
Let me talk to him, she said.
Adam and Paul exchanged a look.
How are you going to step inside that cell? Youre claustrophobic, Adam said, in an effort to deter her.
Ill be okay. I know youll be right outside if I need to get out.
No way. Absolutely not, Adam told her.
She gripped his arm and earnestly pleaded, I think I can reach him.
Youre wrong, Adam told her. Let it go, he added and moved past her to walk away.
I cant do that, Adam!
Adam stopped short and spun back around.
Paul looked between them, sadly.
Just let me give it a shot, she pleaded.
There is surveillance in the room. We have two security guards right outside. What could he do? Paul said.
Youre supporting this? Adam asked incredulously.
Its all weve got, Paul said, soberly.
Adam heaved a heavy sigh and ran his fingers through his hair, exasperatedly. Stay by the door. Do not approach him. Well be outside.
Abbey smiled and turned to the security guards. They looked at Adam and he nodded his authorization. He watched as she entered the room.
This is against my better judgment, Paul.
We have a visual, Paul told him, sliding open the small window in the door.
 * * * * *
Rick was shaken out of his reverie at the sound of the door opening once again. Great, the Commander is coming back for more.
He opened his eyes and a smile crept across his face as his gaze fell upon the figure leaning against the wall beside the door. He scrambled off the bed and began to approach her.
Thats close enough, she told him, holding her hand up.
Rick granted her request and stopped a few feet away from her. He saw Adam and Paul watching from outside.
Sorry about your face, he said, noticing the stark bruising and the blood-red marks of his knuckles on her cheek. Youre still...amazing, he breathed, eyeing her, lewdly.
Hip-hugging jeans clung to her, tucked into knee-high brown suede boots. A white halter-top completed the look, accenting what Rick deemed her best featuresher ample, soft, supple breasts. She was wearing her street clothes, so today had to be her day off, meaning shed come in just to see him. Interesting.
Ive come here as a friend, she warned.
Well never be friends. The moment you let me in that was settled. The connection between us cant be severed. Its too strong.
What are you talking about? Abbey asked. She heard her voice crack a little. His words were unnerving. Haunting. He was freaking her out and she was struggling to hide it.
Were kindred spirits, Ab.
Abbey folded her arms and shook her head. Time to change the subject. Now. She sighed heavily before saying, Look, I came here to help you. Take Adams offer, Rick. If you dont, youre out of the CSA. Youll be classified as rogue. Thatll be it for you. Youll be detained at the CTF indefinitely. Adams giving you a get-out-of-jail-free card here. You need to take it.
Do I?
Abbey was taken aback. His eyes flashed with an inexplicable intensity. Before she had the chance to figure out what it meant he lunged at her.
She let out an involuntary scream as he attempted to wrap his arm around her neck to force her into a headlock. She could hear Adam and Pauls shouts from outside, ordering Rick to stand down. But he ignored their orders.
She fought him off, kicking him back. But he was relentless. He was on her again in seconds. He spun her around and drove her face-first into the wall beside the door. She cried out. He blocked Adam and Pauls view with his body. He wrapped his arm around her neck. His other hand gripped her arms, forcing them painfully against her back. She was incapacitated.
Stay still, lover, he whispered in her ear.
She grunted in pain and struggled against him.
I said, stay still!
He forced her arms further up her back, inches away from breaking them.
She screamed.
 * * * * *
Adam slammed his fist against the door. Rick! he bellowed, his voice echoing down the hall. He paced anxiously. He gestured for the security guards to ready their weapons. He and Paul drew theirs in unison.
Step back from the door! Paul yelled.
But there was no answer.
Adam gripped his Beretta tightly at his side and approached the door. Rick! Stand down! Now!
Its you who needs to stand down, Commander.
What do you want?
Let me walk out of here.
I cant do that, Rick.
Then she dies.
Rick!
I wont hesitate, Adam!
 * * * * *
Rick waited for Adams response. Moments passed. Nothing.
Sorry, he whispered into Abbeys ear.
He felt her up and delved into the front pocket of her jeans. She groaned in protest. He laughed at how uncomfortable she was. He fingered the knife he knew she always kept on her.
Im gonna miss this.
He withdrew the knife and flipped it open.
Dont, she urged him.
I need Adam to hear you scream.
With that, he thrust the knife brutally into her upper arm. As expected, she let out another scream. She gasped for breath as he ripped it out savagely and tossed it on the floor.
Why are you doing this? she rasped.
He returned his arm to her neck, forcing her head back as he savored her scent and said, The CSA is no longer working for me. Its time for me to pursue other avenues.
He heard the clattering of the dead bolt again. Seconds later, the door opened. Slowly. He moved Abbey in front of him and waited. Then, as soon as he saw Adam and Paul coming into view, he shoved her forward. She collapsed into them, driving them to the floor.
It took him little effort to tackle the two security guards and commandeer one of their handguns. And then he ran.
Choking, Abbey quickly climbed off Adam and scrambled to her feet.
You okay? Paul asked.
Fine, she responded angrily, Give me your gun.
Paul hesitated and Abbey grabbed it. Before he could stop her, she sped off, heading in Ricks direction.
Sound the alarm! Get me more bodies down here! Now! Adam yelled to Paul.
Paul withdrew his radio and watched as Adam sped off in the opposite direction to Rick and Abbey. He was planning to cut off Ricks escape route.
 * * * * *
Rick sped through the corridors of the CSAs basement holding facility. He approached an unmanned security desk to his right.
Suddenly, a shot was fired. It missed him by a hair.
He was caught off guard and stumbled into the desk, almost losing his footing. He growled and turned around to see Abbey standing a few feet away from him, her gun trained on him.
Big mistake, he warned her, turning his gun on her.
Abbeys eyes narrowed. Her grip tightened on the trigger.
Rick saw her aim waver as her arm shuddered from the pain of the wound that hed inflicted. It continued to bleed. Blood trickled down her forearm. He was impressed that she was able to stand there and point a firearm more or less steadily in his direction. The pain had to be unbearable.
Drop it! she roared.
No.
Rick stepped towards her. He smiled when he saw her hesitate, trying to decide whether she should maintain her position or step back.
Do you really think you could do it, Ab? Pull the trigger? Shoot me?
Are you willing to take that chance? Abbey shot back.
Rick studied her. He sensed her indecision. She was too conflicted to pull the trigger, so he answered, Yeah, yeah, I am.
Before she could react, he heaved the desk chair up and hauled it towards her. He was so fast that it all happened within a fraction of a second. There was no opportunity to dodge it. It hit her like a ton of bricks, throwing her to the ground and dislodging the gun from her grip.
She groaned as she forced herself to her feet and turned to face him.
He laughed as he watched her assume a fighting stance and glare at him with a fiery resolve.
Youre not ready to take me on, Ab. You cant win this.
He socked her brutally in the stomach. She stumbled. He hit her again. His fist plunged into her with such force that she was sure it would bore a hole right through her. She doubled over, coughing.
Then, his hands were on her, rushing her towards the wall. He released his grip at the last moment and she smacked into it face first. She cried out and struggled to maintain her footing. The room was spinning. Incessant ringing infiltrated her head.
This isnt about the win, you idiot, she rasped, hunched over, with her hands resting on her thighs. She fought to catch her breath.
What?
He readied his fist to hit her again, but the eerie smile on her lips stopped him.
Its about stalling you, she said, glancing behind him.
Rick froze, hearing a gun cock. He spun around to see Adam standing a few feet away, his gun trained on him.
Its over. Drop the weapon. Hands where I can see them.
Rick kept his eyes on him while he scanned the area with his peripheral vision. Abbeys firearm lay within his reach. He raised his hands in a faux gesture of surrender and lowered himself slowly to the floor.
But Adam was one step ahead. He kicked the desk chair at Rick. It crashed into him, knocking him away from the gun.
Rick cursed and climbed to his feet. He aimed his other gun at Abbey. Adam halted his approach. Abbey froze.
Stay! Rick yelled, seeing Paul rounding the corner to join Adam. Looks like we have a stalemate, he quipped.
Rick, Im a better shot, Adam reminded him.
Maybe, but can you be certain that I cant fire off a shot at one of you before you shoot me?
Adam hesitated.
Do it! Abbey yelled.
He heard the resolve in her voice. She knew the stakes. She didnt want Rick to walk out of here, no matter the price. She was willing to take a bullet to prevent it.
But Adam wasnt willing to let her.
This is what makes you weak! You wont sacrifice a life for the big picture! Rick yelled.
You dont know what Im prepared to do.
Rick cocked the gun aimed at Abbey and fingered the trigger and said, Well, maybe its not just about that. Maybe its about her.
Adam maintained his position. His gaze didnt waver.
But Rick wasnt done. He added, Tell me, old friend, are you in love with her?
Adam didnt respond. He showed no reaction.
Answer me! Are you? Rick bellowed, waving his gun wildly at Abbey.
And then he caught it. Adam flinched. It lasted for a fraction of a second, but it was indisputable.
Thats what I thought, he seethed.
Rick, Adam growled.
Whats it gonna be, Commander?
You dont want me as an enemy.
I will kill her!
Adam reluctantly lowered his gun and stepped aside. There was no choice.
Rick approached him cautiously, his gun still aimed at Abbey. As he passed by he leaned into Adam and whispered, Youll never find me. You know it.
Adam seethed with rage. His eyes were on fire. His hands shook with the ire he was fighting to suppress. He fought to maintain control.
He let Rick pass.
Rick reached the exit and paused to look back. For a split second he hesitated. Quickly, he shook it off and pulled himself together. He bolted through the exit.
Moments later, CSA security arrived.
Youre late! Go! Adam roared, gesturing to the exit.
They reacted instantly with Paul following close behind.
Abbey sank against the wall heavily and sighed exasperatedly. Her eyes met Adams sober gaze.
He walked towards her. She staggered forward, meeting him halfway.
Are you okay?
She nodded.
He reached out his hand and caressed her arm, careful not to touch the open wound. She flinched, but didnt move away. She couldnt pull her eyes from his. His gaze was intense. He moved closer and cupped her face. She sensed he was about to move in and kiss her.
But he froze suddenly at the unexpected sound of someone clearing their throat noisily.
Commander, Pauls voice reverberated down the corridor.
Abruptly, they both pulled away and spun to face Paul.
Paul was taken aback by the surprising scene he had just walked in on. He quickly shook it off and returned to business.
Well? Adam pressed.
Where is he? Abbey asked.
Paul looked hard at Adam.
Adam didnt want to hear the words that he knew were coming. He braced himself.
We lost him.
Both Paul and Abbey watched Adam nervously for his reaction.
Moments passed before it finally happened. He lost his temper.
Son of a bitch!
He strode towards the wall and hammered his fists into it like a boxer to his bag. He let out a roar that echoed down the corridor. When he was finally out of breath, he stopped and rested his head on his arm against the wall.
Well find him, Paul said.
Adam shot him a tired glance. Without saying a word he turned and walked away.

CHAPTER 43
Serena and Abbey sat at the far end of the table, watching as everyone filtered in. Adam had called an emergency Field Ops meeting.
You sure youre okay? Serena asked for the fifth time, touching Abbeys bandaged arm. She was pretty beat up. Her arms and face were etched with abrasions and bruises.
Yeah, Im fine. Theyre just superficial injuries. Ill heal.
Thats not what I meant, Serena said, gazing at her sadly.
Abbey met her gaze but quickly turned away after saying, Im fine.
You dont look fine, a voice spoke.
They looked up to see Rachel Britton approaching. She strode towards them, decked out in tight jeans and a leather bomber jacket. Abbey eyed her warily. She wasnt sure which way Rachel was going to take the conversation.
Rumors are that Adam called this emergency meeting because Walker went off the deep end. It was a long time coming, but I called it. Ill wager that he was the one who marked you up? she said.
Abbey just glared at her. Then, to her surprise, she saw empathy in her eyes. She leaned into her and lowered her voice as she said, Hes powerful. Right now, youre not ready. You cant take him. But you will.
Abbey was taken aback. She studied her face for answers.
Bill Palmer. Go to him, she said.
She smiled warmly and laid her hand on Abbeys shoulder. I want that son of a bitch in the ground. I have your back.
With that, she sauntered away and took a seat at the front of the room.
Wow! Note to self: never screw over Rachel Britton, Serena commented.
Abbey nodded.
Before any further words could be exchanged, Adam entered the room flanked by Paul and Tony. He took his seat at the head of the table with Paul and Tony positioned either side.
He glanced around the room. Someone is missing. He sighed inwardly and reprimanded himself. It was Rick.
He braced himself and leaned forward to address everyone. I called you here tonight for two reasons. The first concerns one of our agents. Effective immediately, Rick Walker will be classified as a rogue agent. I have instituted an alert for his arrest. He paused at the sound of anxious whispers among the staff. A couple of them raised their hands, but Adam waved them away. No one is to approach him unless given expressed authorization by me. He is dangerous and psychologically unstable. A number of factors have led up to his defection from the agency. These will remain classified. I will not entertain any questions concerning it. I cant deny that it is a blow to the division. Rick was a superb agent.
He paused before continuing, That said, it does not weaken us. All of you are highly-skilled, competent field agents. The division is stronger than it has ever been. I dont have time to discuss this any further at this point as we have other matters to focus on. However, if anyone wishes to speak with me, feel free to do so after this meeting.
Adam inadvertently glanced at Abbey. She looked exhausted, drained of energy. Her head rested against her arm on the table. She was barely cognizant. He averted his gaze quickly before anyone noticed and continued with the meeting agenda. My second announcement concerns the government investigation that we are facing. Some of you may have heard rumors. They are partly true. We are being investigated. The government wishes to restrict some of our operations. I dont know the specifics at this time. However, I can assure you that our division will continue to operate. It is vital for the well-being of the city. In order to do this, I am instituting a restructure of Field Ops.
He glanced out at his agents. They looked on anxiously, awaiting details. The significance of the change he was proposing was not lost on them.
The restructure calls for the creation of two black ops units. Code names: Team Alpha and Team Beta. Alpha will carry out deep-cover operations. These include interrogations, assassinations. High stakes ops. Beta will deal with stakeouts, policing the city, raids. These will be their covert functions and they will operate out of a backup HQ located on my estate. Regular, non-controversial operations will still be undertaken under the guise of the Field Ops division, under the watchful eye of the government. This will take effect immediately. In a few days we will be ready to operate out of the backup HQ. At that time I will contact each of you personally. During the investigation I will likely be forced to step down as Commander. Paul will step in as a figurehead Commander. However, I will still maintain control, unbeknown to the government.
Adam finished and gazed out at his agents. Expressions of utter shock and awe stared back at him. Any questions? He waited a few seconds for them to absorb the information. The room erupted into a cacophony of conversation.
Rachel raised her hand. Adam nodded for her to go ahead. Immediately, everyone stopped talking.
How will the teams be organized?
Adam turned to Paul and said, Youre up.
He took a seat as Paul rose to his feet.
Team Beta will be commanded by me. Second in command will be Dante Roma. Congrats on the promotion, buddy.
Dante pumped his fist in the air and smiled happily. The room erupted into applause.
Team members will be: Brad, Conrad, Lexie, Jake, Alex, and Serena.
Paul, Adam, and Tony exchanged an amused look at the excitability among the agents following Pauls revelation.
Team Alpha will be commanded by Adam. Second in command will be Abbey Benson.
Paul winked at Abbey.
She jolted out of her dazed state at the unexpected sound of her name. She threw Adam a questioning look. He hadnt said a thing. Shed had no idea.
Its for real, Ab, Serena assured her, jokingly, reacting off her awestruck expression.
The room fell into a fit of laughter. Abbey smiled warmly and mouthed a thank you to Adam. He nodded his acknowledgment and grinned at her.
Team members will consist of: Rachel, Gordon, Greg, Luther, and Ty.
Paul continued laying out the protocols and operational procedures that the black ops reincarnation of Field Ops would follow. Tony interjected to explain the covert radio frequency that they would communicate via during Alpha and Beta ops.
And then Adam took the floor again by saying, These black ops units are classified. To the rest of the CSA, Field Ops is the only operations unit in existence. We must maintain secrecy at all costs.
The agents nodded their understanding. Adam, Paul, and Tony fielded a few more questions then the meeting was adjourned.
As they began filtering out Adam pulled Abbey aside.
Ill be right out, he told Paul and Tony.
Once everyone had left the room Adam shut the door. Im concerned, Abbey.
About what? she asked, easing herself onto the boardroom table.
About you.
Im fine. A little sore, but fine.
I know the two of you were...close, he said.
Abbey eyed him warily. She didnt like where this was going. She didnt want to discuss her feelings. He was the last person she wanted to talk about Rick with.
Adam, are you really the best person to be counseling me on my relationship with Rick?
Im giving it a shot. A lot of what happened is classified so there arent many people that you can talk with about it.
Ill be okay. Rick and I...it was just physical. It wasnt any great love lost. Trust me.
Adam nodded his understanding. He took her words in. He hated himself for feeling relieved to hear that she hadnt been in love with Rick, that their relationship hadnt been anything of substance. His intention had been to make sure she was okay, but he couldnt help but feel glad that the relationship was now over.
I just need to rest. Im exhausted. Besides, I need to be ready to take on my role as deputy commander of Alpha, she said, grinning.
Originally, I had Rick in mind for the role. I needed someone who possessed that natural instinct in battle. Someone who could judge a situation without the need for an in-depth analysis. It needed to be someone who valued the job above their own well-being. But Rick was missing one crucial qualification: I couldnt count on him without reservation.
I wont let you down, she vowed.
Adam smiled. I know you wont.
He turned to leave.
Arent you going to say what you really wanted to? she called.
Adam stopped abruptly. He hesitated, unsure whether he should turn back around. It was dangerous territory. He was her Commander. And, now with the creation of Team Alpha, they would be working even more closely together. Things regarding the grief over his wife had felt a little lighter since his hit on Ward. But it still haunted him. He wasnt sure he was ready to get into this thing with Abbey right now.
Was Rick right about what he said earlier? she pressed.
He turned around and looked at her. This is not the right time.
But Abbey wasnt deterred. She needed to know. She walked towards him until they stood only a few inches apart. In the corridor earlier it looked like you were going to
Before she could finish he moved in suddenly. His hands wrapped around her, pulling her into him. He pressed his lips to hers and kissed her tenderly. The intense longing they had been suppressing for so long overwhelmed both of them.
Abbey let out a gasp as the raw passion between them gripped her. But it wasnt about sex as it had been with Rick. It transcended that. She felt his arms tighten around her protectively, reassuring her, loving her. Everything fell away. Nothing else mattered.
Adam was the first to pull away, stumbling back, trying to catch his breath. Abbey brought her hand to her lips with shock. They stared at one another in disbelief. Stark silence filled the room.
Yeah, he was right, Adam choked out.
His words spoke of a hope for them, but his sober expression said something else altogether. He sighed and turned away from her. Im your boss.
And?
And, it complicates things, Abbey.
Abbey sighed agitatedly. You kissed me, Adam.
I know I did. Im sorry, it just...happened. But neither of us is ready for this right now.
Abbey couldnt believe what she was hearing. She ran her fingers through her hair, exasperated, and said, I cant believe youre doing this again. You need to decide once and for all if youre ready to move on or not. Put it to rest, Adam.
Adam took hold of her hands and told her, Its not about that. Its not about my wife.
You cant just kiss me like that and then take it back.
Im sorry. Its been a while since...I...Im not good with these situations.
What do you want? Abbey demanded.
Adam shook his head sadly. Thats not the question.
What?
The question will always be: Will this jeopardize the agency?
As long as youre Commander?
Adam could see where she was going with her question, so he said, I will always be.
If I wasnt an agent
Youre neededmore than ever nowwith Rick gone, he cut in.
We can work this out.
Adam shook his head. My feelings for you threaten to compromise my judgment. If Rick had had his gun aimed at anyone else he would never have escaped. That stays between us. I cant risk it happening again. Im sorry I kissed you. It was a mistake. I slipped. We need to get some distance...emotionally. Please understand the position Im in here. I apologize.
Abbey took a deep breath and eyed him sadly. Okay, she choked out.
She headed for the door. Her back to him, she stopped and hesitated. But then she felt better of it and opened the door and walked out.
Adam cursed under his breath and sighed heavily.

CHAPTER 44
Rick stood smoking a cigarette as he studied the villa a few feet away. A multi-million dollar ivory vision, it encompassed more than two acres. It was a three-story, bottom-heavy structure. A thick, white-painted wall surrounded the property, aside from the entrance. She was cocky enough to leave it unprotected. He couldnt believe she was living here now. Shed certainly moved up in the world. He wondered how many men shed had to move up on to get here. Her number of conquests was probably higher than his. Quite a feat, baby.
Hed stood scanning the area for the last twenty minutes. He wanted to make sure that it was secure. There was a price on his head courtesy of Adam. He had to ensure that she hadnt decided to give him up for it. She was an opportunist, after all. It was just one of the things that they had in common.
Satisfied it was safe, he approached. He rang the bell. Moments later, he heard a pair of stiletto heels coming to the door. Definitely her.
The door opened and there she stood. Leanne Carter. His former flame and business partner. Her vibrant, crimson, curly hair framed her face, highlighting her striking hazel eyes and full lips. She was as gorgeous as ever, wearing a low-cut leather black mini-dress with matching thigh-high stiletto boots. She leaned against the door frame eyeing him seductively and checking him out.
Rick Walker, she breathed.
Looking good, baby, he said, his eyes exploring her body. A million memories flashed in his mind.
She smiled and stepped aside a little to give him just enough room to pass her, but not enough that she couldnt feel him brush against her as he did. They exchanged a smirk. She closed the door and followed him into the living room. She studied him. He looked good. Wearing jeans, a black wife-beater, and a dark leather jacket, he was just as she remembered.
The living room was brightly lit. Ivory walls. Brown wicker furniture with beige cushions that matched with the silk curtains. A sixty-inch plasma television screen hung on the wall opposite the three-piece-suite wicker set. Crystal lamps sat atop the couch side tables and pricey artwork hung on the walls.
Rick took in the room. She was loaded!
Beer? she asked.
Its ten in the morning.
Leanne scoffed and headed into the kitchen. I guess working for the good guys softened you up.
Funny, he commented, taking a seat on the couch.
She returned and handed him a can. She opened her own and took a seat beside him. She grabbed her cigarette pack off the coffee table, offered him one, and took one for herself. They both lit up and sank back against the couch.
Rumors are that you were dating Benson. Bit out of your league, dont you think? How was that?
Rick glared at her. She was fishing for information. It amused him that she was still trying to manipulate him, as she had many men. Even though shed never succeeded with him, she still tried. It was an occupational hazard.
He smiled and said, It was...different.
Good different?
Thats all youre getting from me.
She pouted and took a sip of her beer. You know I have ways to persuade you.
Sex as a weapon? You really think thatll work on me? Im the master of manipulation, Leanne.
She laughed. Point taken.
There was a momentary pause as he became quiet and stared pensively into space. She figured it had something to do with Abbey Benson, but she chose not to press it.
So, whyd you leave the CSA?
I dont want to get into it, he said, snapping back to reality and taking a gulp of his beer.
Fine by me. I assume theyre looking for you? Thats why you wanted to meet here?
Yep. Adam wont let this go.
Leanne nodded her understanding. She paused for a moment, hesitating on a decision. Then she turned to him and said, Stay here. They cant track you. Even if they connect the two of us theres no link between this place and my name.
Rick nodded. Hed already intended to do just that with or without her permission. His stuff was already packed in his Jeep outside.
Business seems good, he commented, glancing around.
It was. Now the Syndicate is encroaching on my territory. They want the whole goddamn city. Thats one of the reasons I agreed to this partnership proposal.
And, the other?
She eyed him seductively. I think you know.
Rick smiled. Im sure you werent hurting for that.
None of them came close. Boys. They never knew how to satisfy me. Not the way you did. You remember what I like?
I remember, he said, running his hand up her thigh.
She slapped her hand atop his, exerting more pressure on her leg, relishing the sensation of his fingers digging into her flesh. Their eyes met. A devilish grin played across his lips. His hand disappeared under her dress. She gasped, flinching at his sudden contact there.
To her disappointment he pulled his hand away.
Rick, she complained.
Business first, he told her.
He rose to his feet and took a seat in an adjacent chair.
She sighed with disappointment and crossed her legs.
I have the connections. You bring the strategy, CSA intelligence, and an intimidation factor. Everyone knows your rep, Leanne said.
The Syndicate controls ninety percent of the criminal activities and underground business in this city. Now, theyre trying to acquire the remaining ten percent, Rick mused aloud.
He paused to take a gulp of beer.
Youre saying we should stop them from acquiring the remainder?
No. Im proposing we go after what they already have.
Leanne eyed him with disbelief. We cant, Rick.
Yes we can.
Leanne was intrigued by his confidence. How?
Simple. We undercut them. We intercept and redirect their business to us. Ive spent years in the CSA, learning how to predict them, analyzing them. I know them. We can use that to our advantage now.
It would bring us millions, Leanne realized aloud.
Yes.
You know this will put us smack damn in the middle of both sides? Both the CSA and the Syndicate will want our heads.
The way it stands, they already do, Rick reminded her.
Leanne fell silent, considering his ambitious proposal. Rick waited patiently, lighting another cigarette and relaxing back into his chair. He wasnt worried. After a few moments, she sauntered towards him and held out her hand. He took it and smiled at her.
Youve got yourself a deal, she said as they shook on it.
Rick pulled her towards him and eyed her hungrily. Now, take off your dress.
I thought youd never ask.
He released her and relaxed back into the chair to enjoy the show.

CHAPTER 45
Adams gloved fist plunged into the punching bag with a fervor that was etched all over his face. He landed a couple of uppercuts and followed through with a left hook that threatened to dislodge the bag from the chains that suspended it from the ceiling. His fists became a blur of intensity. His faux opponent had so many faces. He had to destroy them all. They mocked him. They haunted him.
He heard the door open. He ignored it and continued.
Meeting starts in ten, Pauls voice called.
I know, Adam responded between punches.
Paul studied him worriedly. The events of the last few weeks had clearly affected him. He was feeling the pressure. Paul couldnt imagine the burden that he was bearing. He was one man shouldering the responsibility of an entire city. The stress and pressure had to be excruciating.
You wanna talk? he asked, approaching.
No.
Paul gripped the bag.
Adam stopped mid-punch and stepped back, breathing hard. He threw Paul an agitated look. Im fine.
But Paul wasnt buying it. Adam, Rick defecting to the dark side wasnt your fault. The writing was on the wall. It was slated to happen no matter what you did, no matter how good a leader you were.
Adam removed his boxing gloves and wiped the beads of sweat off his brow. I should have done something sooner.
He was a good agent. A natural. No one could have predicted this was gonna happen when it did. Or the way it did.
I did. I saw it that night he killed the kid; something twisted in him. But I didnt pull him.
Pulling an agent of Ricks caliber is always a last resort, Paul reminded him.
I thought I could find another way, that I could help him. He looked away. Ive killed men. Some in cold blood, for this agency. Ive done things that keep me awake at night. I could understand what he was going through. He paused and sighed heavily. My own guilt compromised my judgment. I looked the other way. I gave him too much leeway. I was a fool.
No. Youre wrong. You did everything you could.
Adam shook his head.
This is Rick were talking about, Adam. Its a testament to your leadership that you were able to keep him in line as long as you did.
Adam took Pauls words in. He headed over to the bench at the back of the room where his non-sweat-drenched clothes were.
Thanks for the pep talk, he called, turning around to face Paul.
A little weird? Paul asked.
A little, Adam said with a grin.
He wiped the excess sweat off his upper body with his towel.
So, whats going on with you and our very talented Abbey Benson?
Nothing, Adam said, lifting his soaked wife-beater over his head.
Didnt look like nothing. Come on, Adam, Im intrigued.
Adam reached for his gray ribbed sweatshirt and put it on. He turned to Paul and shot him a look.
Theres a camera in that boardroom, Adam.
Adam froze. Son of a bitch! How had that slipped his mind?
Its okay. Tony wiped it. Of course, I made him show me first.
Nothing better to do with your time?
Nothing better to do than seeing my best friend finally get some after all these years.
Do you have to be so crude?
What is it about her that finally brought you out of the shadows? I mean other than her obvious physical attributes.
Paul.
Well? Its that sweet, innocent thing shes got going on, isnt it? That white knight complex of yours kicked in?
Adam reached the door and stepped outside into the corridor with Paul following close behind. The meeting would start in a couple of minutes. He and Paul were scheduled to meet with their deputy commanders to discuss Alpha and Betas strategies.
Nothing more is gonna happen...were not...together. Okay? Adam hissed quietly.
Paul stopped and looked at him, surprised. What?
Adam sighed heavily. Its just not the right time. Its too complicated right now.
Youre overthinking it, my friend.
Adam stopped walking and gripped Pauls arm. Really? Am I, Paul? he said, inadvertently raising his voice. He glanced around and checked himself, returning his voice to a whisper. I am the Commander of this agency. I cant hook up with one of my agents. Clearly, the last few weeks have been getting to me, because I dont know what I was thinking. On top of that, the whole Rick thing doesnt make it any easier. Nothing more can happen.
You keep a lot of secrets, Adam. It comes with the job. Why not just add this to the list? Paul suggested.
Getting involved with her could compromise my judgment as Commander.
Youre already involved the way I see it.
Adam sighed heavily. Paul, I cant. Sorry to disappoint you.
He saw Paul glance behind him. He followed his line of sight, turning around to see what had drawn his attention.
Abbey Benson was walking down the corridor towards them.
I think youre disappointing yourself, Paul said, unable to draw his eyes away from her. She was a vision of hotness.
She was dressed head to toe in body-hugging leather. Black, leather, boot-cut pants were paired with chunky-heeled biker boots. An ivory, low-cut tank drew attention to her ample cleavage, which was further accented by the contrast with her fitted black leather jacket. Her silky, dyed ebony hair cascaded in waves about her face. She looked like shed just stepped out of a biker babe convention.
Adam, she greeted.
Adam was struck by her appearance and couldnt bring himself to respond. Paul nudged him. He jumped and cleared his throat. Abbey, he choked out. Shes doing this on purpose. It was completely inappropriate and immature. Sometimes he forgot how young she really was compared to him, but things like this helped to remind him that she was more than ten years his junior. Dammit, Abbey.
Abbey nodded a greeting at Paul before turning to Adam. Adam, listen, I wanted to
But she was interrupted by the sound of his cell phone.
One sec, he told her, holding up his hand.
She sank back dejectedly.
Reede here, he answered.
He listened carefully, his expression stoic, non-reactive.
Okay, he said and then hung up.
What is it? Paul asked.
Tony wants to see us in the surveillance room right away. Says he has something we need to see.
Sounds ominous, a voice came from behind them.
They turned to see Dante Roma approaching.
Theres a lot of that in this place, Paul commented.
He and Adam exchanged a look.
 * * * * *
The four of them stood around Tonys computer screen watching a surveillance video that had been captured an hour or so ago. Tony had been sifting through hours of video and flagged it. It depicted two masked individuals dressed in tactical gear, much like the CSAs, ambushing a shipment down at the docks. In a matter of seconds they massacred a dozen men.
Those men are Syndicate, Tony told them.
These two commandeered a Syndicate shipment? Arms? Adam asked.
Looks like, Tony said.
Can you identify them? Paul asked.
Keep watching.
More cryptic crap, Dante commented.
Abbey remained silent as she zoned in on the larger figure. He was all too familiar.
The figures removed their masks and began celebrating their victory, groping and kissing one another ferociously. Quickly, it escalated to footage resembling a mediocre porno.
Thats enough, Adam said, holding up his hand and turning away.
Tony stopped the footage and spun around in his chair to face the four of them.
Rick, Paul said aloud to himself.
And Miss Carter, Tony added.
Adam folded his arms. Shit.
Who? Dante asked.
Adam, Paul, and Tony exchanged a look. Adam turned to Abbey and Dante and explained, His accomplice is Leanne Carter. Early twenties. Ex-stripper turned small-time criminal. She specializes in blackmail, extortion, and entrapment. She and Rick were involved, prior to his recruitment into the CSA.
Involved is a mild way of putting it, Paul interjected.
Adam shot Paul a look and he turned away sheepishly. Adam continued, Rick used to assist her with protection, muscle, to put it simply, in exchange for a cut of the profits. It helped to finance his boxing gym. His involvement with her was flagged on the background check that the CSA ran on him when he applied to Field Ops. He was ordered to cut all ties with her. It was a condition for his recruitment into the agency. He complied. After that she went underground. She disappeared. We assumed shed ceased her activities. But it appears we were mistaken.
He must have known she was still operating, Paul said.
Perhaps. But thats irrelevant now.
The room fell silent as each of them pondered the situation.
Whats the psych analysis on her? Training? Abbey spoke suddenly.
Adam turned to her and said, Psychologically, were talking about a female version of Rick: opportunistic, sadistic, power-hungry, driven, relentless, egotistical, no moral code and....
Adam glanced at Paul, hesitantly.
A whore who preys on a mans greatest weakness, Paul blurted out.
So, Rick and her are a perfect match, Dante offered.
Adam and Abbey exchanged an uncomfortable glance.
She cleared her throat and asked, Training?
Fortunately, nothing compared to Ricks. No battle instincts. Lack of tactical knowledge. Limited weapons expertise. Hand-to-hand combat she was always mediocre and judging by the footage, she still is.
How do you want to proceed? Paul asked.
We wait.
Wait? Abbey exclaimed.
Yes, Adam confirmed, resolutely.
All right, Paul said.
Tony nodded in compliance.
They commandeered an arms shipment! Who knows what theyre planning to do with it or when theyll act! We have to do something now! I can find them. Let Alpha do what its meant for, Abbey exploded.
Adam ignored her outburst and turned to Tony and Paul and said, Tony. Round-the-clock surveillance. Any sign of them, I want to know immediately. Paul, you and Beta work with Tony to isolate a pattern of movement, some sort of routine on their part.
You got it, Tony said.
Alpha will be on standby, Adam said.
Paul nodded.
Adam turned to Abbey, glaring at her sternly. Outside. Now.
Frustrated, Abbey reluctantly followed him outside into the corridor.
Shut the door, Adam ordered her.
Abbey did as she was commanded and followed him further down the corridor. She stopped abruptly as he spun around to face her.
Never question my orders like that. Ever. I am your commanding officer. You are new to the CSA and just recently off probation. You do not have the authority to make the calls that I do. Do you understand me?
Abbey stared at him silently, startled by his irate tone. Her outburst had really gotten under his skin. She couldnt help but wonder if it was just about her questioning his orders or whether it had more to do with the dicey subject of her and Rick.
Im sorry.
Adam raised his eyebrows.
She sighed and leaned against the wall of the corridor. It wont happen again. Its not about revenge, Adam. Its about the fact that hes out there now because of me.
What?
That day in the holding area before you and Paul caught up to us, I had the shot. A clean shot. No chance of collateral damage. No consequences. And, I didnt take it. I hesitated.
Adam came to stand in front of her and told her soberly, He was one of our own, Abbey. Taking him out is the last thing anyone here wanted to see happen. We werent prepared. Rick knew it.
Abbey nodded, somberly.
But we will be. When the time is right, Adam assured her. Our war lies with the Syndicate. Rick is second to that. I cannot allow our resources to be diverted from that. Thats why, until we have concrete information concerning him and Carter, I will not authorize Alpha to carry out a tactical strike.
I understand. Our efforts are needed elsewhere.
Exactly.
He headed back towards the surveillance room to retrieve Paul and Dante for their meeting. And then something occurred to him.
You attempt to track him without my authorization and I will pull you from the team, he called over his shoulder.
Understood, Abbey said.

CHAPTER 46
Abbeys eyes fluttered open slowly. She yawned and moved to stretch her arms above her head as was her common morning routine. To her surprise she was restricted by the bed covers. She glanced down at the bed and saw that she was tucked in tightly. She never slept like that. She liked her freedom. It was the reason she only ever wore light satin shorts and a tank top to bed. She couldnt stand pajamas even during the most frigid winter nights.
An involuntary shiver ran down her spine and she ripped the covers aside and sat up. She scanned the bedroom anxiously.
Instinctively, she reached for her dagger on her bedside table. That was when she saw it: a silver ring with amethyst gemstones beside the dagger. The ring she had given Rick a few months back.
He had been in her house, in her bedroom while she was sleeping last night!
She gripped the dagger and jumped out of bed in a panic. Her heart thundered against her chest. She tried to quell the terror that gripped her. She fought to steady her breathing and concentrate on her surroundings. She remained stock-still and closed her eyes, letting her instincts wash over her. Moments passed and she opened her eyes again and breathed a sigh of relief. No one was there. He was gone.
With the dagger still ready at her side she left the bedroom and descended the stairs to the living room. She grabbed a cigarette and lighter and headed into the kitchen. Her hands shaking, she lit her smoke and laid the dagger down on the kitchen table. She opened the cupboard beside the fridge and withdrew a bottle of whiskey. She took a long swig.
Placing the bottle down, she snapped up the dagger, spinning it around anxiously in her left hand as she smoked. He had been in her home? In her bedroom? Fury infiltrated her thoughts. How dare he? He had made her into a victim! Hed taken away the sanctuary and safety she felt in her own home!
She lost control and hurled the dagger through the air, screaming at the top of her lungs. A fraction of a second later it plunged into the far wall, cutting into the drywall. She clutched the table ferociously, her nails digging into the wood.
Her incensed screams echoed through the once peaceful house.
 * * * * *
Rick walked into the bedroom. The sun was beginning to force itself through the blinds. He shook off his leather jacket and hung it on the back of the door. He breathed a heavy sigh and walked further into the room.
Where have you been? Leanne called to him from the bed.
He turned towards her. She glared at him angrily, the crimson duvet covers pulled up to her chest, concealing her nakedness.
Took a walk.
You were out stalking her again, werent you?
Rick didnt answer. He unzipped his pants and took them off. He started to lift his shirt over his head and that was when she resumed her questioning. He stopped short at her words.
What is it about her that has you so obsessed?
Leanne, he seethed.
You love her?
What? Rick stumbled.
Or, is it more than that? I know her reputation. She has the instinct, like you. Maybe, it terrifies you that she could be your downfall; the one person who could take you down?
Dont be ridiculous, he said as he pulled his shirt off and tossed it on the floor.
But Leanne caught the noticeable crack in his voice. She decided to take the high road for once. It was a fruitless exercise fighting with him anyway. It never resolved anything. He never let it.
They cant touch us, she assured him.
That just means that Adam isnt really trying. Hes waiting.
You give them too much credit, she said, stroking his arm as he climbed into bed.
She sidled closer to him. Her hand delved under the covers, reaching between his legs.
Abruptly, his hand shot out, stopping her. Im tired, he said, pushing her away.
He turned away from her, leaving her reeling from being shot down. There was a first time for everything.

CHAPTER 47
Adam studied the young man in front of him. Twenty-three year-old Ben Stover, Deputy Director of Special Operations.
Yesterday, hed received the call he had been expecting for some time. Stover was here to start the investigation into the Civilian Security Agency. But before forcing Adam to step down, he was determined to interview him. He was looking for dirt, looking for a reason to keep him away permanently from the agency.
On first impression, he was a preppy rich kid, barely out of college. His charcoal Armani suit cost more than Adams monthly salary. He was of average height and build. Definitely not a military man. He removed his designer sunglasses and rested them atop his spiky gelled brown hair. He was a clean-shaven, clean-cut pretty boy. He was the antithesis to Adam in every way.
The fact that he was being subjected to a meeting with this kid infuriated him. It was an insult.
Finally, we meet, Commander. Its a pleasure.
Adam leaned back in his chair and glared at him. Lets just get this over with.
Adam saw a reaction from him. He was offended by his tone.
He cleared his throat and leaned forward on Adams desk. So, youve been Commander of this agency for nine years, yes?
Eight years. I worked for the CSA for a year before I became Commander.
I see. And under your command how many men would you say youve murdered? Ballpark figure will do, Commander.
Adam smiled inwardly. It was a good shot. But not good enough.
We are at war.
So, theyre just casualties of war? Collateral damage? Is that how you rationalize it? How you sleep at night?
As a civilian, I dont expect you to understand.
Bens eyes narrowed and he continued. I understand you have a rogue agent? he said, deciding to change tactics. Rick Walker. Worked for the CSA for four years, I believe. How long has he been out there unchecked by the CSA?
A few weeks.
Weeks? And you havent detained him yet?
Its a complicated situation.
Is it, Commander? Or have you lost control of the situation?
Im in control.
How hard is it to arrest one man?
He was one of my best agents. To find him sooner I would have to compromise resources for our war against the Syndicate. Im not prepared to do that.
Ben nodded. Tell me, in your opinion, why did Walker defect?
The work we do can change a man. He snapped.
Would you care to elaborate? Ben pressed, agitated by Adams thin responses to his questions.
I think youll find everything you need to know in my report.
Ben sighed exasperatedly and sat back in his chair, eyeing Adam agitatedly. Okay, you wanna make this difficult, thats fine by me. Tell me about Jason Ward.
He watched Adams reaction carefully. To his surprise there wasnt one. He didnt so much as flinch at the mention of the name. He was good. Too good. He was impossible to read.
Ward was a member of a covert branch of mercenaries. They specialize in waterworks, terrorist acts, abductions...you name it.
As I understand it, he also murdered your wife?
Yes, Adam admitted, as coolly as possible.
Did you kill him, Commander?
They locked eyes, intensely. But Adams gaze did not waver. No.
We have information that says otherwise. We know Field Ops was tasked elsewhere. They are cleared of any involvement. But you remain a suspect. A very likely suspect.
Adam leaned forward and glared disdainfully at him. Its interesting that you would put so much effort into finding the killer of a man who was by textbook definition a terrorist, a murderer of thousands. Perhaps your department should reassess their priorities, Ben, Adam growled.
Your agency is under investigation. Youd do well to cooperate, Ben choked out, clearly taken aback by the ferocity in Adams expression. He was unnerved by him.
Adam leaned closer across the desk and lowered his voice, I have no problem if your definition of cooperation means working together for the common goal of protecting this city. That is what I am trying to do here. But if youre trying to burn me, Deputy Director, trying to find a scapegoat, I cant help you. What I will do is warn you.
Are you threatening me, Commander? Ben said, getting to his feet.
They glared at one another heatedly. Ben fought to stand his ground as Adams gaze threatened to burn right through his.
Commander?
But Adams response was halted by the door suddenly flying open.
Abbey stood there, disheveled and distressed. She was out of breath and she eyed Adam with urgency. Adam, I need to she began, but stopped upon noticing the unfamiliar individual standing a few feet away from her.
Adam was so stunned by her sudden entrance that he failed to introduce her to Ben or to act at all.
Bens eyes were all over her. He approached her and held out his hand.
Dressed in blue camo pants, a leather jacket, and a blue strappy tank top that barely contained her breasts, she was the hottest thing hed seen in a long time. Wow! He made no pretense of his instant attraction to her.
Ben Stover, Deputy Director of Special Operations, he said as she took his hand.
Abbey shot Adam a glance and quickly pulled her hand away. Ben noticed her negative reaction to his job title. But he was not deterred.
And you would be? he asked.
Abbey, she responded, curtly.
Abbey? Ah, yes, Abbey Benson, yes?
Abbey nodded.
Yes, I know who you are, he told her.
Great, Abbey said, without the slightest interest.
Abbey, give us a moment, Adam told her, trying to spare her from Bens perverted gaze that continued to look her up and down.
Actually, Commander, I believe were done here. Well talk again in a couple of weeks, pending the findings of our investigation of course. Lets hope youll be back behind that desk, huh? Ben said, with an underhanded threat.
I will, Adam assured him.
He smiled at Abbey then turned and left the office.
Adam, she began.
Not here, Adam said, bringing his finger to his lips.
He grabbed his jacket and ushered her out of his office. It was no longer safe to talk there. The government investigation was already underway. Hed predicted as much as soon as Ben and his entourage had arrived. Tony was no longer in control of the surveillance systems. He had to assume all offices were no longer secure.
 * * * * *
Adam and Abbey stood in the corner of the CSA underground parking lot, the one blind spot of surveillance in the entire building.
Im sorry I interrupted your meeting.
It was a welcome interruption. I should be thanking you, he joked.
That guy is a slimy son of a bitch.
Adam nodded. Unfortunately, he has the power of the government behind him.
Yeah, I got your text. Its started. Today you step down?
Temporarily, Adam reminded her with a wink.
Im sorry I came here. I know you have enough on your plate right now. Its just...I couldnt...I...need your help, she stumbled.
Adam eyed her worriedly. What is it?
Abbey took a breath and looked at him intensely. Rick was in my bedroom last night.
Shocked, Adam took an involuntary step back. He was where?
He was in my bedroom. Last night, Abbey repeated.
What? What happened?
Nothing. I didnt see him, but he left something for me. Strange thing is, the last few days I had the strong feeling someone was watching me. I thought I was just being paranoid. Guess I should have listened to my instincts. It was him, Adam. Hes watching me, stalking me. He broke into my home and I had no idea. He could have done anything. Do you know how creepy that is? How...terrifying? He could have snapped my neck while I slept! She gripped his arm and pulled him towards her fervently. You have to let me go after him, she pleaded.
No, Adam told her, resolutely.
Hes gonna keep coming, Adam. He managed to evade both security guards.
Adam took hold of her arms and shook her, trying to quell her hysteria. Listen to me! Hes doing this to provoke you into a fight. He gets off on causing people pain. It makes him feel powerful. Hes obsessed with you because you never let him have power over you. He cant accept that so he has to find a way to rectify it by coming at you, taunting you. You need to take a step back and look at the situation from his perspective for a second. Youd be playing right into his hands. Tell me Im wrong.
Abbey looked away. All right, she conceded, Youre right. Its just
I know, he told her softly.
Without thinking he reached out and stroked her face gently. She purred at his touch and closed her eyes. He felt his body warm and quickly pulled back.
He composed himself and told her, You cant stay there. As of midnight tonight, security will leave their posts at your house. I can no longer authorize it because they will be under government control until after the investigation. You can stay at my place.
Thanks.
Ill have Paul go with you to collect your things, he added, pulling out his cell.
Adam, its okay. I can get them myself. Its the middle of the day.
Abbey, Id rather
I wont let him take away my freedom, she insisted.
All right. I have to speak with our desk staff and then Im done here. Ill meet you back at my place in two hours.
Okay.
She moved to go, but Adam gripped her wrist. Take this, he said, pushing something into her palm.
She opened her hand and studied what looked like a tiny belt clip of some sort. There was a button in the center.
Press it, he told her.
She did as instructed and a loud incessant alarm emanated from Adam. He lifted his shirt to reveal what looked like a state-of-the-art pager on his belt.
Abbey moved closer, studying it. A series of digits flashed on its screen.
Theyre coordinates. You press that button and it sends an alert to me with your location. Ill come to you, he explained. Promise me youll keep it on you. Just in case.
Abbey knew he was worried. They both knew what Rick was capable of. And, the fact that it was now clear that he was obsessed with her just made him even more dangerous. It made him unpredictable.
She nodded and clipped it to her belt.
Adam smiled. Two hours, he reminded her.
Abbey gave him a mock salute. He laughed and she watched as he headed back inside.

CHAPTER 48
Abbey descended the stairs, her things packed in the gym bag on her shoulder. She dropped it on the chair by the door and glanced around sadly at the living room. I cant believe I have to leave this place. She looked at the clock. She had fifteen minutes left to get to Adams place. She had to leave now.
She grabbed her leather jacket off the back of the front door and slipped it on. As she reached for her bag there was a loud knock at the door. She froze. It sounded again, this time, more violently. A few moments passed and it sounded again, a relentless beating against the door. She hesitated. She withdrew a knife from her leg holster and approached the door slowly.
Before she could grip the doorknob it flew open and smacked into the side of the wall.
Abbey, Rick greeted her with a smirk as he finished the job on the door, kicking it completely off its hinges in an unchecked fit of aggression.
She lunged at him. But he reacted swiftly, gripping her wrist, stopping her from bringing the knife down towards him. He wrenched it from her grip and threw it into the wall above the couch. He thrust both his hands at her with such force that she was propelled backward. She lost her balance and hit the living room floor hard.
Hope you didnt mind my visit last night. Youre so cute when youre sleeping.
Youre a psycho, she spat as she climbed to her feet and assumed a fighting stance.
She threw a punch at him, but he saw it coming. He gripped her fist, squeezing it brutally. She cried out. With his other hand he thrust his fist repeatedly into her stomach. He held onto her so that she couldnt double over and protect herself. He hauled her off her feet and threw her into the coffee table. It collapsed under the impact. She rolled to her side, coughing blood onto the carpet.
You cant take me down. Youre nothing, Rick muttered, convincing himself that he had been worrying for nothing, that she was no match for him.
He watched her struggle to her knees.
But just to be safe, I should kill you, he said as he approached her menacingly. Should be easy enough.
As he leaned forward she hit him brutally in the jaw with a powerful kick. The steel toe of her army-issue boots scraped the side of his face. He stumbled back. She used the distraction to rear back and somersault to her feet.
Wheres Leanne? she asked as she spat more blood onto the carpet.
Rick was caught off guard that she knew. It meant the CSA knew. He laughed in an attempt to conceal his uneasiness.
Quite a catch, Abbey commented.
Womans got skills, Ab. What can I say? Ive never had it so good.
Abbeys eyes narrowed and she scoffed at his cutting remark.
Sorry, did I bruise your ego? he said.
Youre not that good, she rebutted.
Ricks eyes narrowed. He thrust his fist forward. She caught it just before it made contact. His eyes widened with shock. She thought she saw a flicker of fear in his eyes.
You brought it here, she told him as she pushed his hand back.
She landed a hefty sidekick to his ribs and spun into a roundhouse kick, forcing him back. He doubled over and she hammered her fist into the back of his neck, following through with a sweep to his ankles. He went down.
It bought her just enough time. She jumped over him and ran towards the stairs. She needed a frigging gun. She had tons of knives, but only one handgun upstairs. She wasnt a gun person. Knives were her forte. She bolted up the stairs and hastily lifted her shirt and pressed the alarm on her belt that Adam had given her earlier.
Suddenly, Ricks hand gripped her ankle. He yanked it out from under her and she crashed onto the stairs. She grunted as the wood smacked against her upper body.
Were just getting started, Ab.
She kicked him back with her other foot and forced herself to her feet and bolted up the steps to the landing. But in a second he was on her again. He gripped her shoulders and slammed her mercilessly into either side of the narrow corridor. She tried to get a grip on him, but he was too fast. He threw her into the bathroom door. It gave way and she skidded across the tiled floor.
She attempted to get to her feet, but he grabbed her waist and rushed her into the mirror above the bathroom sink. It shattered, cutting into her arms and winding her. She choked and struggled to catch her breath. He held her arms and moved into her.
Damn, you can take a beating, he whispered sensually in her ear.
Why are you here? she demanded, jerking her head away from him.
His nails dug into her already bloodied arms. She clenched her teeth to stop from screaming. Rick relished the pain all over her face.
I cant risk you getting in my way.
You want me to get in your way, Rick. Thats why you came here, isnt it? In your twisted mind, this is something like sex to you.
Rick smiled. She knew him well. Tell me, Abbey. The night I told you I loved you what were you gonna say before we were interrupted?
Are you serious? she asked, incredulously.
He shook her violently and screamed, Tell me!
What difference does it make?
Did you love me? Or was it always just about him? he bellowed.
Abbeys eyes widened. He was becoming unhinged.
Tell me! he roared and hauled her across the floor.
She skidded into the wall, managing to break her fall with her hands.
She felt the fire rising within her, begging for release. But she pushed it away. She was afraid of losing control knowing what it had done to Rick. It had twisted him.
He rushed towards her and bent down to haul her to her feet. But he was stopped as her boot smashed into his groin, sending agonizing pain ripping through his body. He collapsed to his knees. He fought to prevent himself from retching. He groaned in agony and looked up at her. Again? he bellowed at her.
She fled the room and ran down the corridor towards the bedroom. But before she could lock the door he was outside. He pushed against it as she fought to hold it. She scanned her bedroom. She could hold the door for now. But as soon as she left it he would be on her. There was no time to go for the gun. But she could reach her dagger on her bedside table.
She jumped back and ran for it. Rick crashed through the door. She hurled the dagger at him. He shot out his hand and caught it before it made contact.
He smiled at her maliciously.
She assumed a fighting stance and tensed as she waited to see what he would do.
He made a sudden move to lob the dagger at her. She flinched. The blade hadnt left his grip. He roared with laughter. And then he finally threw it. He wasnt as fast as she was, but the power behind it rivaled hers. She hesitated and dodged out of the way instead, only missing her by a hair.
Youre still holding back.
He ran towards her with such force that she couldnt stop him. He plowed into her, driving her towards the balcony. She cried out, but he wouldnt stop. He was relentless. Obsessed. He drove them through the window. The glass window exploded around them and they fell twenty feet onto the porch below.
The impact knocked the wind out of her. She felt her bones grate against the wood. Pins and needles permeated her entire body. She couldnt move. The pain was too great, willing her to stay down. She jumped suddenly as she felt him climbing on her, straddling her. Trapping her. She couldnt escape.
No! Get off me! she rasped in a panic. She needed to break free! Now! She couldnt stand it. Get off me now!
Rick ignored her panicked freak-out and bore his full weight down upon her to subdue her squirms beneath him. He felt an unwelcome sting in his upper arm. He glanced at it to see a large shard of glass buried in his flesh. He ripped it out and held onto it as he slapped his other hand to the wound.
He looked at Abbey as he adjusted his grip on the shard.
Her eyes widened at the realization that he could kill her right now.
He brought the makeshift weapon down to stab her in the chest. She threw out both her hands and gripped his wrist. She clenched her teeth, willing her body not to give out on her. Blood trickled down her arms. Shards of glass protruded from her skin, sinking deeper. Her left wrist was in agonizing pain. It was either a sprain or a clean break. She could only pray it was the former. A break was harder to recover from. The pain made it extremely difficult to maintain her grip on Rick. But adrenaline pushed her on. Just knowing that if she gave in hed kill her was enough motivation.
Rick! she rasped.
He ignored her and she felt him exert more pressure, determined to plunge the blade into her. Her hands shook from the strain of holding him back.
You cant hold it, Ab.
Shut up! she rasped.
And, its not because Im stronger. Although, I am. You wanna know why?
I said shut up! she screamed.
The pain was crippling her.
Its because you have a death wish. You welcome the peace. Its why you joined the goddamn CSA in the first place. Youre more afraid to live than you are of death.
Shut up! she screamed.
Get ready, he told her, gazing at her intensely.
Her eyes widened with terror. She felt him exert more pressure. She couldnt hold it! He moved to break through her defensive grip with one powerful thrust. She closed her eyes.
But it never made contact.
A gunshot rang out. Rick cursed and fell back, dropping the weapon as a bullet tore into his shoulder.
She forced herself to roll onto her side so she could see what was happening. Rick lay in a heap on the deck holding his palm tightly to the wound.
Shit, he seethed as he saw blood escaping through the bullet hole in his leather jacket. Gritting his teeth from the searing pain, he forced himself to his knees and looked up at his attacker. His eyes widened when he saw Adam walking up the driveway, his Beretta aimed steadily at him. He was nearly thirty feet away. He had to have been even further away when hed made the shot. He truly was a skilled marksman. Rick hesitated. He looked from Abbey to Adam. Could he finish her off before Adam fired off another shot?
Back up! Adam bellowed as he neared the deck. He reached for his belt and fingered an alarm clipped to it, identical to the one he had given Abbey earlier.
Rick scrambled to the corner of the deck and leaned against it for support. His eyes narrowed at Adam as he watched him walk up the porch steps.
Its over, Rick, Adam said as he stepped towards him. His gun aimed steadily at Ricks head, he withdrew a pair of handcuffs from the pocket of his tactical vest with his free hand and bellowed, Against the wall! Now!
Rick cursed as Adam pushed him into the wall of the house and roughly frisked him for weapons.
Adam heard Abbey groaning in pain. With his peripheral vision, he saw her struggle to move herself into a sitting position against the deck. She was in a bad state, exhausted and barely conscious. Her breathing came in rapid spurts and she coughed violently, trying to catch her breath.
Some of my best work, Rick commented.
Shut your mouth, Adam ordered as he gripped Ricks Desert Eagle in his leg holster. But before he could remove it, Ricks hand clamped around his. His nails dug into his flesh. He slammed the back of his head into Adams face, connecting with the bridge of his nose. Adam lost his grip on the weapon and stumbled back.
He hurried to shake it off and repress the pain. He raised his gun only to be met by Ricks Desert Eagle. They were in a standoff.
Stand down! Adam yelled.
I dont think so, Rick shot back.
There is no coming back from this, Rick. We are enemies.
Rick scoffed, Adam, we were enemies the moment I made a move on her.
They exchanged a heated glance.
Then Rick broke eye contact and laughed. It will never happen with her. Youre too much of a frigging hero to cross the line while you command the agency. Besides, could you ever get past the fact that I had her first? The things we did
Rick! Abbey choked out.
She clenched her teeth and sank back against the deck, having exerted strength she didnt have to yell at him.
Abbey, stop moving! Adam warned, concerned that she could exacerbate her injuries.
Rick watched him wipe away the blood that oozed from his nose. He saw the anxiety etched on his face. Anxiety for Abbey. He was struggling to maintain his composure.
My God, youre in love with her! Rick said. It affects your judgment! You let me go once because of her. We both know you would have killed me by now if she wasnt here. But you cant risk taking a hit just in case I survive and kill her.
You still talk about things you dont understand, Adam shot back.
He watched as Ricks aim wavered. His hand was shaking violently. Adam saw blood soaking the arm of his jacket. He was losing too much blood. If he didnt lower his gun and compress the wound soon he would pass out. Adam could see from his rapid breathing that he was already weakening and struggling to stay focused. Youre bleeding out. Its over, Rick. Lower the weapon.
Suddenly, Adam heard footsteps crunching on the asphalt a few feet behind him.
Lower your weapon, Commander, Leanne Carters voice came.
What? You didnt think I had an exit strategy? Rick said, responding to the look on Adams face. I learned from the best.
Adam called over his shoulder to Leanne, Dont be stupid. You have no combat training.
Dont listen to him! Hes trying to manipulate you, Rick called to her when he saw her hesitate at Adams words.
Leanne eyed Abbey slumped exhaustedly against the deck. She redirected her aim in her direction. Abbey glared at her tiredly. She showed no fear as Leanne cocked the trigger.
Youre the infamous Abbey. The one hes so obsessed with, Leanne seethed with jealously. Well, youre not looking too hot right now.
Ricks eyes widened. Not her! Adam!
You know youre in his head? You CSA bitch! Leanne yelled.
Rick sighed and shifted his aim to her, screaming, Get that frigging gun out of her face, Leanne!
What? she asked incredulously.
You dont kill her. I do.
Tires crunched on the asphalt as an unmarked CSA transport van sped down the driveway towards them. It jolted to a screeching stop and Paul jumped out, shielding Doctor Sheila Thornton behind him.
Adam watched Leanne react to the sudden arrival. She fingered the trigger. Adam dove towards Abbey. He heard Rick yelling, followed by a violent scuffle. A shot was fired. Adam grunted as it plunged into his tactical vest as his body blocked the path to Abbey. He hit the floor beside her and scrambled against the pain to shield her. He took her in his arms, covering her as he looked up at Rick and Leanne.
Rick locked eyes with him and Adam was sure that he saw relief on his face. Rick couldnt stand the thought of not being the one to beat Abbey. He was determined to be the one who killed her.
Go! Go! Rick yelled to Leanne as he fought to regain his focus.
He vaulted over the deck onto the grass at the edge of the forest flanking the house. He stumbled and gripped his wounded arm. Leanne followed close behind and helped him towards the forest. Shots rang out and Paul roared at them. But the trees shielded them, assisting their escape.
Let them go, Adam told Paul. I need your help.
Paul watched as Rick and Leanne disappeared into the forest. He sighed and hurried up the porch steps towards Adam. Sheila was close behind.
Let me see, Sheila said, kneeling down beside Adam who held Abbey in his arms.
He let go and struggled to his feet against the pain in his back from where the bullet had hit. He leaned against the wall of the house and watched anxiously as Sheila examined Abbey.
You okay? Paul asked, coming to stand beside Adam.
Adam gritted his teeth as he ripped the bullet out of his tactical vest. He studied it pensively. Yeah, yeah Im good.
He watched as Sheila pulled out a portable x-ray machine from her oversized medical bag and began running it over Abbeys body. She felt Adams glance and told him over her shoulder, I need to make sure nothings broken before we move her.
Adam nodded and stepped back to let the doctor do her work. He turned to Paul and said, The tracer has been planted. Tell Tony to activate it. Deploy Alpha and Beta immediately and initiate Operation Takedown. I need you to lead them. I cant be seen in the field in broad daylight, not while Stover has his eye on me.
Understood. Well get him, Paul said, laying a comforting hand on Adams shoulder.
Be careful. Dont underestimate him.
Paul nodded and hurried off back to his vehicle. Adam watched worriedly as he drove away. Dont underestimate him.

CHAPTER 49
Adam sat at Abbeys bedside, holding her hand as Doctor Thornton continued her examination.
After determining that no bones were broken, Sheila had declared it safe to transport Abbey to Adams home. It wasnt safe to remain at her place. There was no guarantee that Rick wouldnt return. It was also possible that the gunfire could have alerted some of Stovers spies. Adam didnt have time to check CSA surveillance in Abbeys neighborhood to figure out if any of Stovers people had been in the area or not. Instead, he chose not to take the chance.
He watched as Sheila lifted Abbeys tank up to her bra. He cursed. Her stomach was black and blue and it bled from a dozen cuts. Sheila gripped a pair of tweezers and began to remove the shards of glass that were embedded deep in the skin of her stomach and her arms. Abbey flinched, but she was too exhausted to cry out. Adam felt her grip his hand tighter.
After what seemed like an eternity, the glass was out and the wounds were disinfected. Sheila ran her hands over Abbeys ribs. She flinched.
The ribs are going to feel like theyre broken. The bruising is severe. If she didnt have strong abdominal muscles theres no question he would have broken them, she reported to Adam.
Sheila began to treat the swelling and a particularly nasty cut under Abbeys eye. She looked like shed boxed ten rounds with a heavyweight champion. It wasnt far from the truth.
Adam waited silently for the next forty-five minutes at Abbeys bedside letting Sheila do what she did best until she finally stepped back and turned to him. Severe blunt trauma, several particularly nasty abrasions, two severely bruised ribs, sprained wrist...that about covers it. It was a narrow escape. You need to keep an eye on her. She needs to rest.
Sheila handed him a vial of pills. The usual. Shell need more in another four hours.
They were much-needed painkillers.
Adam nodded. Thank you, Sheila.
She patted Adam on the shoulder and left the room. She pulled the door closed behind her to give him some privacy.
Abbey turned to look at Adam. Her eyes were tired and barely lucid. The painkillers were kicking in. Hey, she rasped.
Hey, he said, smiling.
You saved my life tonight. Thank you.
Had to keep my promise.
She gripped his arm urgently and gazed at him intensely. Hes too strong.
He was really beat up too, Abbey.
He won, Adam. He beat me.
He has more experience than you, thats all.
Maybe, she said, closing her eyes.
She recalled Ricks words when hed tried to stab her. Was he right? Did she have a death wish? Did she lack the will to beat him?
Get some sleep, Adam told her, placing her hand down gently on the bed.
He got up and walked around the bed towards the door.
Adam? she called.
Yeah? he asked, gently.
Will you stay with me for a while?
Adam hesitated. But when he saw the need in her eyes, any hesitation fell to the wayside. He headed back towards the chair.
No. Here, she said, eyeing the bed. Will you just be with me?
He hesitated again. Abbey
Please.
He gave in. She was in a great deal of pain. It was the least he could do. He walked to the door and locked it. He removed his gun from his hip holster and placed it on the bedside table. Slowly and carefully, so as not to hurt her, he climbed into the bed beside her. He moved into her and she rested her head on his chest. He held her and stroked her hair gently. She murmured at his touch and closed her eyes, relaxing into him.
He gazed at her warmly and held her closer. After all these years hed thought it would be awkward, that he would feel ill at ease with another woman. But it wasnt like that with her. It was easy. Natural. The only time he felt at peace was when he was with her.
But he also knew that the closer they got the more the lines blurred between Commander and agent. Every day it was getting harder for him to keep that wall up. But Rick had been right about one thing. His feelings for her were starting to compromise his professional judgment. Things could never go any further between them. The CSA came first. He couldnt jeopardize that for anything or anyone. Too many people were counting on him.
He reached for his cell in the pocket of his pants. He wanted to be ready for Pauls call, informing him that he and Alpha and Beta had tracked Rick.
Abbey stirred at his movement. Adam? she called, sleepily. She opened her eyes and gazed at him intensely.
Yes? he whispered.
I love you, she slurred, groggily.
With that, her eyes closed and she fell back asleep.
Adam froze, not sure what to do with it. Before he had the chance to figure it out, his cell starting buzzing. Reede here, he answered.
Weve got him. Barn of an abandoned farmhouse twenty-three minutes away from Abbeys place.
Take him down. Permission to use whatever force you have to.
Roger that, Commander.
Get that son of a bitch!
 * * * * *
Leanne and Rick stood in an abandoned barn in the middle of nowhere. As luck would have it, the hydro was still up and running. Two dimly lit light bulbs hung nakedly from the ceiling, casting faint illumination through the darkness. It was better than nothing. Abandoned stables lined one side of the room. The other was stacked with hay and several farming implements: pickaxes, pitchforks and the like. They had sealed the heavy wooden doors and pushed a couple of cast iron wheelbarrows against them just in case.
Rick assembled the rocket launcher that Leanne had brought along with her courtesy of the Syndicate shipment they had commandeered.
Do you even know how to use this? he questioned, wondering why on earth she had picked that particular weapon to bring along with her.
Get over here! she yelled to him from beside a bench at the back of the barn. She waved an automatic rifle in the air.
Rick ducked instinctively. Be gentle. Respect the weapon, he warned her as he approached and sat down on the bench.
Sorry, she said, placing the rifle down carefully.
She opened a medical kit shed placed on the bench and withdrew a pair of surgical needle-nose pliers.
Rick shook off his jacket to reveal a white t-shirt that was completely soaked through with blood on the right side where Adam had shot him. He peeled off the gauze that hed wrapped around his arm tightly to prevent him from bleeding out on his way over here.
Leanne hesitated as she studied the wound and said, We need to go to a hospital.
No. Just get it out. Hurry. We dont have much time.
What?
Rick sighed. It has to be a tracer. Theres no way Adam would have let me go like that if he didnt have a backup plan.
Okay, okay! she yelled, anxiously.
She pressed the pliers into the wound and Rick flinched. She pulled back worriedly and said, I dont have any anesthetic. Only alcohol to disinfect it.
Rick looked away and gripped the bench tightly with his other hand. Just...do it, he rasped.
She got to work. The pain was excruciating. Sweat streamed down his face, stinging his eyes. His fingers dug into the bench.
God! he exclaimed finally.
It went deep, she said.
No kidding, he seethed.
His breathing came in rapid spurts. He glanced at his arm. Blood oozed all the way down to his wrist. He could see the tissue. It churned his stomach.
You wanna take a break? she asked.
No! he roared.
A few minutes later, she said the words hed been waiting for. Almost there. I see it.
Suddenly, a thunderous thud came from the barn doors.
They were here!
The thuds increased, getting louder and more powerful. In a few seconds the doors were forced open. Paul and the entire Field Ops division began to push their way in, armed to the hilt.
Leanne handed Rick the pliers and jumped into action. She grabbed the automatic rifle and fired at the approaching agents. They dove for cover behind the stables.
This is CSA Deputy Commander Cooke. You are both under arrest. Lay down your weapons immediately!
Leanne ignored his orders and kept firing. The agents began to return fire.
Rick grabbed the medical kit and dove for cover beside her.
What do you wanna do? she asked, keeping her eye on the agents.
Hold them off for a few more seconds.
He gripped the pliers, took a deep breath, and delved into the cavity in his arm. Cursing and sweating profusely, he felt the tracer bullet. He gripped it and started to pull it out.
Leanne kept firing wildly. She drove them back, but Rick knew she would be out of ammo within seconds.
He gasped as he finally ripped the bullet out. He threw it to the floor and grabbed the bottle of alcohol and some gauze. He poured half the bottle onto it, drenching it, and slapped it onto his arm. He seethed in agony. Frantically, he wrapped more gauze around it, slipped his jacket on, and forced himself to focus on the hazardous situation around him.
He caught sight of Paul approaching. He ran towards the rocket launcher and hauled it into firing position.
Rick. Stand down! Paul bellowed.
Paul cautioned his agents to freeze. Rick laughed.
She still alive? Rick asked, snidely.
Pauls eyes narrowed.
Pity, Rick said, She was lucky. I should have predicted hed show. The Commander of the CSA in love with an agent. How frigging poetic.
Paul heard the gasps of surprise from his team. Rick was trying to cause a divide.
Youre way off the mark, Walker. As usual, he shot back.
Rick! Leanne pressed him. He was drawing the battle out.
Rick readied his aim.
You launch that thing and we all die, you fool! Paul yelled.
But Rick wasnt deterred. He smiled. Take the shot, Pauly, he goaded him.
Leanne leaned into Rick and whispered, Theres a back exit.
What? he snapped back.
Behind us. Far right, she said.
Fuck. With the distraction of his wound and that damned tracer bullet, he realized he hadnt even paid attention to their surroundings. It was such a rookie mistake that he couldnt believe it. But there wasnt time to worry about that now. He had several guns pointed at him by CSA agents who were more than a little trigger-happy over his betrayal.
Clear the exit. Now. Ill be right behind you.
But she hesitated, gesturing to the guns pointed right at them.
Youre covered. Go! he hissed. His eyes narrowed at Paul as he watched him react and signal half his team to shift their aim to Leanne as she bolted for the exit. You fire, I fire, he threatened. And this thing is gonna do a hell of a lot more damage than a couple of fucking bullets, Pauly.
Stand your ground! Paul commanded his agents. That fucker is just trying to psych us out as usual. Him and his stupid stick games!
Rick laughed a malicious, haunting laugh. You think I wont do it? You know me, Paul. Do you really want to question me here? Is it worth the lives of every single agent at your back? Or perhaps the question should be: is it worth it to Adam?
Walk, Paul seethed.
Rick smirked. Yeah, thats what I thought. Still holding the RPG in position, aimed at Paul and the agents, Rick slowly backed up. You follow me and Ill let this motherfucker loose, he threatened.
Paul remained silent as he watched Rick cautiously back up towards the back exit, which had been mostly obscured by a pile of hay bales prior to Leanne tossing them off to the side in her haste to break through the door. That bitch was probably long gone now. But she was merely a footnote in the bigger picture. Rick was their target. Taking his whore-of-a-partner down would just be the icing on the cake.
Rick thought that hed outsmarted them, that hed managed to escape once again. But Paul had no intention of letting him get very far. There was no way that Adam would tolerate failure twice in the space of no more than a few hours. Hed be livid if Paul just let Rick walk away, no matter what kind of artillery he was packing. There was too much at stake to let him go.
And that was why, as soon as Rick slipped through the door, Paul turned to his agents and ordered, Evacuate. Now.
And with that, he sprinted towards the back exit after Rick. This is fucking personal! He heard Rachels voice shouting to him that he needed backup.
Direct order! Go! he yelled over his shoulder.
He barreled through the open door and emerged into the surrounding fields. He couldnt see a thing. It was pitch-black outside. Hed turned off the night-vision capability on the visor of his helmet once he and the agents had arrived inside the barn. Before he could even lift a finger to turn it back on, he heard Ricks voice calling to him.
I warned you, his roar echoed through the blackness.
He heard it a fraction of a second before he saw it. A chill shot through him as it consumed everything around himthe sharp, abrasive sound of a rocket being launched. And then the powerful force of the back blast knocked him on his ass. Before he could even think about getting to his feet, a blinding orange trail of fire lit up the night as the rocket sped towards the barn.
Paul watched helplessly as the rocket hit the fragile, wooden structure of the barn. The last thing he saw was an explosion of a ferocious ball of fire.
And the last things he heard were their screams.
 * * * * *
Adams eyes snapped open suddenly. A feeling of dread gripped him. Something is wrong. He could feel it. He eased himself out of the bed, careful not to wake Abbey. He threw his jacket on, grabbed his gun, and rushed out of the room. As he ran down the stairs to the living room he caught sight of Tony running towards him in a panic. His expression was grave.
Adam froze, reading his expression. Report, he choked out.
Tony looked away as he spoke the unthinkable, The teams went in. Rick refused to surrender. He had a
A what, Tony? Give me the uncensored version for Gods sake!
An RPG. Paul forced the teams to evacuate, but there wasnt enough time. He took aim at Rick. Rick launched the rocket. It decimated the place.
The agents? Adam pressed.
I lost transmission. The explosion cut the signal.
Adam rushed past Tony towards the front door. He paused briefly and called, Get me CSA-issued medical assistance. Keep it off Stovers radar. No sirens. No markings. And...call Tom Winston. I have a feeling hes not far. Watch Abbey.
Tony nodded. Be careful.

CHAPTER 50
When Adam arrived on scene Tom Winstons clean-up was already underway. Two ambulances were parked a few feet away from the charred remains of the old barn. He witnessed his agents being transported to them on stretchers. He peered closer and saw that one of them was Paul. He bolted towards him. Paul! Paul! he called.
Paul glanced up at him wearily. His face was blackened from the explosion and abrasions scarred his face. Rick got away, he reported.
Adam gripped his arm and said, Its okay. Just rest, my friend.
The paramedic wheeled him away and Adam stared after him. He was frozen, unable to make a move.
A hand gripped his shoulder. Commander, Winstons voice came. Commander! he pressed when Adam didnt respond.
Slowly Adam turned to him. Emotion welled in his eyes. He quickly wiped it away with the sleeve of his jacket.
A close-range blast like that, the damage was...catastrophic, Adam. Im sorry.
Tell me, Adam choked, as he scanned the area.
Three fatalities. Alex Yates, Ty Fuller, and Conrad Kennedy.
Adam brought his hand to his face. He closed his eyes to will his emotion away. He needed to pull himself together.
Two agents are out of commission and in critical condition. Dante Roma and Jake Hall.
The other eight?
Shaken up, but all non-life-threatening injuries. Ill do what I do best, Adam. But even with the area cleared the government may have already flagged the explosion. And three fatalities on your staff will not go unnoticed.
I know, Adam said.
Greg and Luther approached. Winston saluted Adam and headed back to work to allow them some privacy.
Commander, Greg greeted him.
This is an act of war, Adam, Luther told him. He pressed an ice pack to the back of his head. Walker has lost it. Firing a rocket launcher close range in a frigging tiny wooden barn?
I know, Adam said.
Greg gripped Luthers arm, urging him to back off. Well meet you back at the base.
Adam nodded.
He watched them leave, pulled out his cell phone, and dialed. I need your help, Bill.
He relayed the situation. Bill was speechless for a few moments.
What do you need? he finally managed.
The government is all over me. I cant cover up three agent fatalities. I need you to issue a report stating this was part of a routine training exercise that went wrong. Spin something about a faulty gas pipe that set off an explosion.
Consider it done.
Thanks.
You okay? Bill asked, concerned.
Not yet. I need to be with my people, he said.
I understand. Dont worry about Stover. Well keep him off your back.
Much appreciated.
He hung up and studied the devastation all around him.
Rachel, Lexie, and Serena stood nearby. He headed over to comfort them.
It was going to be a long night.
 * * * * *
Abbey awoke groggily. Adam was missing. She moved to get up. Her whole body was in agony. She pushed past it and eased herself out of bed. She staggered around the bed, using it as support, and reached the door.
She made it to the landing and descended the stairs slowly. The bandages around her bruised ribs constricted her ability to move any faster than at a snails pace. She could only put pressure on one of her wrists. The other was wrapped tightly, recovering from a nasty sprain.
Finally, she made it to the living room. She glanced around. No one was there. She stopped at the bookcase and held onto it tightly while she caught her breath. She refused to sit down, refused to let the pain beat her.
Suddenly, the door to the basement flew open and Tony rushed in.
He eyed her with surprise. Thought I heard footsteps. Adam told me to keep you in bed...I mean...you know...resting.
She studied his demeanor. He was on edge. Something was very wrong.
Whats happened?
Rick.... Tony began, but he was quickly overcome with emotion and trailed off.
A chill shot down Abbeys spine. Oh my God.
Rick did what? she pressed, bracing herself for the answer.
Tony struggled against the fresh grief that weighed on him to report whatd happened.
Oh my God, Abbey breathed when he was finished.
Her eyes welled with tears at the thought of the lives lost, the lives of close comrades. She leaned against the bookcase and gripped it tightly as tears streamed down her face. Tony approached her and put his arm around her, comforting her as well as himself.
He wondered how Adam would be able to lead the CSA past this tragedy.

CHAPTER 51
The church echoed with whispers of grief and comfort. The bittersweet service had ended and now people took turns standing before the three caskets of the agents who had lost their lives.
Adam watched from the rear of the church. He couldnt take his eyes off the caskets. He had sent them on the mission that had claimed their lives. He was racked with guilt and so he stood apart from the mourners not daring to approach the caskets until after they had left.
His mouth was dry. His chest hurt. He could barely breathe. He tried to push away the symptoms he knew were the signs of a pending anxiety attack. And then he saw her. Abbey.
Hey, she said, approaching.
He could feel her comfort, her pity. He ignored the latter and accepted her comfort. She understood. As she laid her hand on his shoulder the feelings of panic inexplicably subsided.
He studied her. A black pantsuit concealed her bodily injuries that she was still recovering from. She carried a cane at her side to ease the pressure she put on her aching ribs as she walked. Her makeup failed to hide a haunting black eye and the few remaining deep cuts that were still healing.
Compared to the others he had only sustained minor injuriesa broken nose and a nasty bruise on his back from his scuffle with Rick. As Commander, he always had to stand at a distance. He had to be the one to make the decisions that others could not. But as he took in the grief around him, knowing that he hadnt been there with them during the op, he felt more distanced from them than ever.
As if she had read his mind, she squeezed his shoulder and told him gently, This is Ricks doing. Not yours.
I should have been there.
Then we would have been without a Commander and the government would have raided our backup HQ.
Adam nodded and met her comforting glance. How are you feeling now? he asked, changing the subject.
Better. Good painkillers.
Yeah, they had you saying some curious things.
I remember, Abbey said, eyeing him intensely.
He met her gaze.
Before he could respond, Paul arrived and wrapped his arm around him. Nice eulogy you gave. He lowered his voice and said, They all want retribution, Adam.
Well, theyre not alone.
Do you have anything I can give them?
We recuperate. Lay low until were back on our feet. Then we strike. The time is past for alerts. Hes the enemy now. No better than the Syndicate. When we go in we use lethal force. Adam paused and looked hard at both of them. Assassination is authorized.
What about Stover? Hell arrest you, Paul said.
I dont care, Adam said and turned and walked away.
Abbey watched him walk away. She considered the situation. Ricks actions. Adams authorization of lethal force. If he went through with it Stover would bury him.
As she watched him leave she knew what she had to do.
 * * * * *
Abbey glanced around the station. Just being there sent chills through her. That tragic day came back to her. Almost a year had passed now. But as she studied the place where her father had taken his last breath it felt like it had happened only moments ago.
She hated being there. It was the first time she had set foot in the station since that day. But taking her car with her was not an option. She would be too easy to track by the Syndicate, Rick, and God knew who else. Besides, shed have had to pick her car up from Adams house and she just knew he would try to stop her from what she was determined to do.
The fact that shed returned to her house to pick up a few things was worthy enough of one of his lectures, let alone the idea that she was heading up to the CTF to ask Bill to help her to take on Rick.
She regretted not discussing what shed said to him the other night. Shed wanted to settle it before she left, but things hadnt gone as planned. She wanted to tell him how she felt and to know how he felt. Shed wanted him to know that it hadnt been the drugs talking, that shed meant it. Did he feel the same? Did he love her?
The train pulled into the station, screeching to a grinding halt. She sighed heavily and made her way to the platform.

CHAPTER 52
Bill Palmer sat at his desk poring over some operational files for potential new recruits that Adam had faxed him earlier that day. A loud knock on the door interrupted his task. He grabbed his cigar off the ashtray on his desk and took a couple of puffs as he made his way to the door. He opened it and almost choked on the cigar when he saw who stood in his doorway.
Abbey Benson. She carried a cane at her side, supporting her weight. Her body was marked from her brutal battle with Walker. Physically, she was weary. Burned out. But the resolve in her eyes transcended all that.
I need you to train me to beat him, she said.
Bill studied her. She wasnt asking. She was telling him. The woman who stood before him was a far cry from the green new recruit he had trained months earlier. He opened the door wider and stepped aside. She took the cue and walked into the room. He shut the door behind him and took a seat behind his desk. He gestured for her to have a seat.
Im fine, she declined.
What do you think I can teach you that you dont already know? Bill asked her, curious to hear her response.
What you were afraid to teach me before. What the CSA would not sanction.
Bill took a puff of his cigar and sat back in his chair, considering the situation. Rick did this to you? he asked, looking her over.
She nodded.
How?
Abbey was thrown by the question. Its pretty obvious isnt it?
Is it? Bill asked wanting her to say the words he knew she would.
Hes stronger. Hes a better, more experienced fighter.
Bill stood up and started to pace the room. Thats not why.
What?
Bill picked up a letter opener that was lying on his desk and took it with him, twirling it in his hand as he casually walked around the room smoking his cigar with his free hand.
Without warning, he spun and hurled the implement at her. Her hand shot out like lightning, catching it before it made contact.
Its because you dont use that when you fight him.
I dont understand.
You werent even paying attention to what I was doing and yet, somehow you were able to catch that so effortlessly. Why?
Instinct.
Right. Remember, I told you to take control of it? Instead you tried to ignore it. Problem is, its a huge part of your fight. To beat Rick you need to be all in, Abbey. Thats one part of it anyway.
Abbey threw him a questioning glance. What else is there?
Will.
Abbey broke eye contact and looked down at the ground.
Forget about the history between the two of you. I can guarantee he has. Let me tell you something about Rick Walker: what he did to you that day was just foreplay.
Abbey locked eyes with him as she took his words in.
He will come at you full force and give you everything hes got. His will to beat you is overwhelming. His worst fear is to have a woman beat him, dominate him. If you cant match that will he will beat you down. Mark my words, he wont hesitate.
Satisfied she was heeding his words, that she understood the stakes involved in what she was asking him to help her to do, he returned to his chair and sat down heavily.
I can teach you to hone your instincts. I can give you insight into Ricks psyche. I can even teach you how to take his hits. But you need to bring your instincts to the table.
Abbey ran her fingers through her hair. Im afraid.
You have what it takes to beat him, Abbey.
Its not thatitsif I let goif I let the beast outIm not sure I can control it in battle. Its difficult enough to control when I let go a little inothercircumstances. I dont know.
I will show you some techniques to maintain control.
Bill
Bill sat forward and eyed her intensely. Heres the bottom line: if you dont use your instincts when you fight him, hell win. Look at the damage hes already done. Next time hell kill you. Just because he went over to the dark side doesnt mean that you will when you tap into it. Its all about control and taming them. Rick refused to tame anything about himself.
Abbey nodded and said, All right.
Well start in a few days. You need more time to heal first.
I need to make a call.
Bill reached forward and gripped her hand. Adam knows youre here.
What?
And hes authorized your training.
Abbey threw him a questioning look. He did?
We both know why Adam has been reluctant to let you face off with Rick alone.
He smiled warmly at her. She blushed and looked away.
But as it stands, he knows there is no one on his staff who stands a chance of beating Walker except you. You are the only one who can match him in hand-to-hand combat. He was the best the CSA had. Until you. Bill shifted his weight in his chair and sighed before continuing, Adam has to put the CSA first. He always will. His personal life will never take precedence.
Bills words stung. She understood exactly what he was telling her. She and Adam could never be together. Adam couldnt let it happen.
I hear you, she told him, her gaze hardening. So be it.

CHAPTER 53
Adam and Paul sat at a booth at the back of the pub. Silence enveloped them. Adam had barely said a word since theyd arrived. He sat quietly, nursing his beer, deep in thought.
I thought you could use a breather, Paul said.
Adam didnt respond.
What are you thinking about? Paul pushed.
Im trying to figure out why the Syndicate hasnt made a move. They must have got word of the tragedy up at the farmhouse. It left us vulnerable, almost incapacitated. Why wouldnt they strike?
Maybe they were still recuperating from the hit they suffered that night at Ricks. He and Abbey took down a dozen of their soldiers.
Adam shook his head. It wouldnt have taken Jameson that long to recover. He must have his attention focused elsewhere. Its the only explanation. Hes working on something.
Before anything more could be said, screams erupted from the patrons. Paul glanced behind them. Adam saw his eyes widen. He turned around and followed his gaze.
Carl Jameson and six heavily armed soldiers entered the tavern. He scanned the area, searching. His gaze rested on Adam. He smirked and approached. He signaled for four of his men to detain the patrons from leaving. The other two followed him to the booth.
Adam and Paul both reached for their weapons.
Come on, no violence. That is, unless you want my boys to massacre these innocent people here, Jameson warned.
Adam nodded for Paul to stand down.
Jameson took a seat opposite Adam. They glared at one another heatedly.
Paul eyed Adam. He saw the strain on his face. He couldnt imagine how hard it was for him to look Jameson in the eye and not reach across the table and snap his neck. To sit across from the man whod ordered the assassination of his wife, the man who was the reason for all the grief and the pain the city had ever faced, had to be excruciating. He admired Adams self-control. Where it was coming from, he had no clue. He had amazing strength of will.
Congratulations on taking out Jason Ward, Commander. Talk about brutality. It even shook me up a little. Damn. Anything to get closure after all these years, right? Jameson taunted him.
Adams eyes narrowed but he remained silent.
You should be proud. No one has ever carried out a successful hit on any of Hartletts mercenaries.
What is it that you want?
Your boy, Walker, is causing me a lot of grief.
Im aware.
I need the son of a bitch and that whore of his gone.
Then take your shot.
Jameson scoffed and leaned forward. Been there, tried that.
What are you asking? Adam demanded.
I want your help.
Adam flinched and cracked a smile.
Nice ruse, Paul commented.
Jameson kept his eyes riveted on Adam. No ruse. No trick.
Adam leaned back in his chair and folded his arms across his chest. What makes you think I can help you? Im sure youre aware of what happened the last time we faced off with him.
Yes, Im well aware. Sorry to hear about that.
Adam raised his eyebrows.
Jameson grinned and continued, Yeah, I dont care.
I will deal with Walker when I decide it is the right time.
Not good enough, Commander.
Too bad, Adam rebutted.
Jameson sighed exasperatedly and reached into his pocket.
Adam and Paul fingered their weapons.
Relax, Jameson said, withdrawing a wad of papers from his jacket. He threw them down on the table in front of Adam.
What are these?
I know where he is.
Adam picked up the documents and sifted through them.
I know the CSA is under investigation so you cant access the resources you need to locate him. Well here they are. Hes staying with that whore of his. A villa. Outskirts of town. The only security is a frigging brick wall surrounding the property.
Adam passed the documents to Paul. He started to sift through them.
Im not in the habit of doing the Syndicate any favors.
Please, I know youre not that nave, Commander.
Adam paused to consider the information. Jameson waited patiently.
Whats the offer? Adam asked.
Jameson smiled. He was finally making headway. The offer is this: I will halt my activities, temporarily, giving you space to take him down. That way you arent fighting a war on two fronts and your agents will be focused. In exchange for you removing Walker, I will lift my hit on Benson and order Hartlett to stand down and leave the city. I will not double-cross you. No one outside our two organizations will know about this. You have my word.
A great comfort, Paul muttered.
Jameson shot him a look and then returned his gaze to Adam. Whats it gonna be, Commander?
Adam felt sick knowing what he was about to do, what he had to do. Making a deal with Carl Jameson was beyond comprehension on an emotional level. But logically it made sense. They both knew it. Adam guessed that Jameson felt the same disgust over the idea of brokering a deal as he did. Despite his own personal distaste, Adam knew better than anyone that sometimes other things mattered more.
We are in agreement, he said.
Jameson smiled and reached across the table for Adams hand.
Adam pulled back. Touch me and lose it. Clear?
Fine by me, Jameson said, getting to his feet. He headed back through the pub and said, Cmon boys, lets go. Were done here.
Adam and Paul watched them closely until they exited.
Adam eased himself out of his seat.
Shit, Adam, Paul commented on the deal hed just made.
Yeah, I know, Adam breathed.
They made their way out of the pub.
Unbeknown to them, a young man wearing sweats with his face hidden by an oversized baseball cap was watching them. He withdrew a cell phone and dialed.
Stover here. Go, the voice on the other end answered.
Its me, sir. Reporting in.
Go ahead.
You want to burn the CSA? Well, heres your fuel. Commander Adam Reede just made a deal with Carl Jameson of the Syndicate.
He did what? Stover roared.
 * * * * *
Are you all right? Paul asked, following Adam towards the parking lot a few feet away.
I hate that son of a bitch.
If wed done anything there wouldve been a massacre. You made the right choice.
Yeah, lets hope so.
Paul watched as Adam suddenly wavered and threw out his hand. He gripped a nearby oak tree for support. He clutched at his chest, rasping.
Adam! he called and rushed over to him.
Adams fingers clawed at the bark, trying to maintain his balance as the excruciating pain in his chest crippled him. He fell to one knee and fought to breathe.
Looks like a heart attack. Ill call an ambulance. Hold on!
Adam reached out his hand and gripped Pauls arm, stopping him. No.
What? Adam, come on!
Its...not a...heart attack, he rasped. Just...give me a second.
He let his other knee fall to the ground and closed his eyes tightly, willing the attack to pass. Paul knelt down beside him and rested his hands gently on his shoulders.
Im...in control...I can lead them...Im...in control.... he moaned.
Paul watched the devastating scene unfolding before him. There was nothing he could do to help his best friend. He could only stay with him, offering something resembling comfort.
The normal pressure of leading the CSA was tremendous. With the events of the last few months: Rick going rogue, the government moving in, the loss of three agents, and now Adam having to make a deal with Jameson, it was beyond the burden of one man. The weight was killing him. But Paul knew that Adam would never relinquish control. Not for anything.

CHAPTER 54
Shit, Bill, Abbey exclaimed as she doubled over from a brutal punch to the gut and gripped the ropes to keep her footing.
Youre wearing pads, he threw at her.
The two of them stood in a boxing ring in the middle of the training hall. Bill had forced her to wear heavy protective pads because she was still healing. They both wore gloves and protective headgear. Neither of them was under any illusion as to the others power.
Abbey threw a right hook at his face. Bill took the hit and socked her again in the stomach. She went down, throwing out her hands to break her fall.
Get up! he roared at her, Hit me! You call yourself a fighter! You need to be able to take the pain of a hit and strike back immediately. Come on, Abbey!
Abbey climbed to her feet and readied her fighting stance.
Stop holding back, he said. Weve been doing this same dance for days. Show me your real power, Abbey.
He threw a punch. Her head snapped to the side, but she kept her footing this time.
He will beat you down! He will never stop coming, Abbey! Never! Finish it!
Bills words reached something deep within her. Rage. Conviction. She felt it calling her instincts to the surface. The power. She closed her eyes and let it wash over her. It was powerful. Overwhelming. All-consuming.
Her eyes still closed, she felt it coming towards her. His fist.
She shot out her hand with incredible speed and blocked his fist mere inches before it made contact. Her eyes snapped open and she saw him smile at her. But he wasnt done yet.
He thrust another fist forward. She sensed it before his hand even moved. She ducked and threw a punch at his gut and another...another. She jumped into a flying kick that was so powerful it propelled him back into the ropes.
Bill recovered quickly. He lunged at her, attempting to trap her in a headlock. But she saw his intention instantly and used his weight against him, throwing him over her back onto the ring floor. He hit the ground with a bone-crunching thud.
Before he could roll to the side her foot was on him, pressing against his jugular. He looked up at her and saw the fire in her eyes. She was consumed by it. She hesitated.
Stand down, he called to her. Stand down! he roared when she didnt respond.
She snapped out of it and stepped back, overwhelmed.
He got to his feet and approached her. Impressive. Good work.
Abbey was disorientated as she returned to reality. She eyed him worriedly.
It takes time to control it, he told her, understanding her fear. Youre almost there.
Its...powerful, she said.
Bill nodded and asked, See the difference? Thats how you will beat him. Trust it.
Abbey nodded. She shook her body loose and readied her fighting stance.
Lets keep going, she said.
Bill smiled.

CHAPTER 55
Adam left the hospital and headed across the parking lot to his car. He placed a vial of mild tranquilizers in his inside jacket pocket. Dr. Thornton had reluctantly agreed to prescribe them to him. He was worried that another attack might kick in during tonights operation. He couldnt afford that. Sheila had lectured him on the need for him to undergo proper treatment. Adam didnt have the luxury or the time. Fortunately, hed managed to wear her down.
Alpha and Beta were finally ready to re-launch Operation Takedown tonight. Adam would lead the mission himself this time, the government be damned. He had to take Rick down. Too much was at stake if he failed. He had to be there to witness it. Walker would not escape this time. He knew Abbey would be pissed that he was launching the operation without her. But he couldnt wait for her to get back. He had to move now. The information from the Syndicate was unprecedented. He couldnt pass up the break it had given them.
As he neared his car, a strange feeling gripped him. Adrenaline. He was being followed! He glanced around, but it was too dark to ascertain anything. He continued to approach his car.
Commander Adam Reede! Freeze! Hands in the air! Now! a familiar voice bellowed.
Adam stopped abruptly and spun around. Stover, he growled.
A dozen armed government officers emerged from the blanketing darkness and approached him. As if to further emphasize their point, two unmarked BMWs pulled up, sirens blaring. He caught sight of Ben Stover striding towards him and smiling victoriously.
By the power of the Special Operations Division, you are under arrest, Commander. Raise your hands!
Reluctantly, Adam slowly complied. Seconds later, one of the officers frisked him.
One military-issue 9mm Beretta, the officer reported.
Adam glared at Stover and shrugged.
Cuff him! Stover yelled.
Adam considered resisting arrest. He knew he had the power to take enough of them down to get away. But then theyd tail him. It would compromise his people. So, he let them cuff him.
He glanced back at the hospital and saw Sheila standing at the entrance watching anxiously. The sirens had disturbed half the staff and crowds of onlookers watched his arrest. He nodded at her discretely and she pulled out her cell phone.
What is this, Stover? Adam demanded.
Stover approached him, menacingly. Despite our in-depth investigation into the CSA we found nothing incriminating enough to warrant shutting it down. It seemed like you had thought of everything, Commander. Very well done. But then a most welcoming piece of information reached my ears.
What the hell are you talking about?
We have evidence that you are in talks with Carl Jameson and have brokered some sort of deal with the Syndicate. Im bringing you in for questioning. Intensive questioning, I might add.
You dont know what youre doing.
 * * * * *
Paul paced Adams living room anxiously. Where the hell is he?
Calm down. Im sure hes fine, Tony told him from the couch.
Its not like him.
You tried his cell? Pager?
Paul spun around and threw him a look.
Okay, sorry. Of course you did. Ill run a search for him. One of the cameras must have picked him up.
That could take hours, Tony. We deploy the teams in less than two.
Paul rubbed his brow, desperately trying to think. Abruptly, the sound of his phone cut through his thoughts. He fumbled for it and answered anxiously, Adam?
No. Its Dr. Thornton from City Central Hospital. Adam asked me to call.
Paul glanced fearfully at Tony.
Go ahead, he pressed her.
As he was leaving the hospital he was jumped by some soldiers led by a man named Stover. I heard Adam yell his name a couple of times. They arrested him. I dont know where they took him.
Okay. Thanks, Sheila. I appreciate the call.
He hung up and turned to Tony anxiously. Stover has him.
Paul stopped. He took a deep breath to calm himself and collect his thoughts. He needed to lead. He couldnt panic now.
Call off the op tonight. Send the teams home. Ill contact Bill.
Tony nodded and hurried off.
 * * * * *
Bill stood behind Abbey as she lay on the bench press, her arms extended, lifting a barbell above her head.
Breathe, he urged her.
She gritted her teeth and mustered her strength, pushing the one-hundred-pound weight onto the shelf above her head.
She let out a breath of relief and climbed off the bench.
Youre getting stronger. Maybe tomorrow Ill throw a couple of these at you and see if you can take the hit, Bill joked.
Abbey shot him a look and they both laughed.
Suddenly, the door flew open and Jeff burst into the room frantically.
What is it? Bill asked, seeing the anxiety all over his face.
Jeff glanced between Bill and Abbey. He took a deep breath before saying, Adam has been arrested. Stover took him into custody.
What? Why? Abbey demanded.
He brokered a deal with the Syndicate to take down Rick, Jeff blurted out without thinking.
Bill shot him a look. Jeff shrugged his shoulders.
Abbey didnt know what to say. Adam had done what?
What will they do to him? she asked.
Interrogate the hell out of him, probably, Jeff said. Problem is the guy wont break. Hell die first.
We need to go. Now, Bill said and rushed for the door.
He stopped and turned to Abbey. Well resume this when I get back.
Abbey strode towards the door and gripped his arm. Screw that. Im going with you.
Bill and Jeff moved to object.
You wanna waste time trying to stop me?
They exchanged a look.
Fine, Bill said, with a sigh.
With that, the three of them hurried down the corridor.

CHAPTER 56
Adam sat on the floor of a holding cell, his back against the wall. The gray slate floor was cold and uncomfortable. The walls were white and sterile. The room was devoid of furniture and light.
Suddenly, the door screeched open and in walked Ben Stover. He flipped a light switch on the wall outside and the room flooded with stark white light. Adam shielded his eyes with his cuffed hands, blinking rapidly in an effort to adjust to it.
I trust youve made yourself...uncomfortable.
Adam ignored him. He removed his hands from his eyes and climbed to his feet.
Stover approached him. Tell me what the deal was.
Adam remained silent.
Im gonna give you one more shot, Commander. What was the deal?
Adam glared at him with disdain. I told them where you live, he spat at him.
Stover smiled eerily. I was hoping youd play hardball.
He walked to the door and opened it. In walked four heavyset, skinhead thugs. Muscle.
Make him uncomfortable, he said.
Adam braced himself as they approached.
 * * * * *
Paul stood leaning against the wall of the building smoking a cigarette. It was his third smoke in the last ten minutes since hed been waiting there. What is taking them so long?
Cooke, a voice came from behind him suddenly.
He spun around to find Bill, Jeff, and Abbey suddenly standing behind him. What? How did you...never mind.
Sorry were late. Abbey had to stop home for a few moments and...uh...change, Jeff explained and gestured to her.
On cue, Abbey opened her leather trench coat.
Paul looked at her, stunned. Wow.
Abbey threw him a sly wink. She was wearing a leopard print, body-hugging corset, with a leather mini-skirt that covered next to nothing. Fishnet stockings extended from black knee-high boots.
So, you dress like this when hes not around?
Bill rolled his eyes at Paul.
Im just saying, if there was ever anything that could put an end to that whole celibacy thing of his, this is it.
Abbey punched his shoulder and zipped her coat back up.
Ow! God, Bill, what have you been teaching her?
Jokes in the face of danger and despair. Ive missed you, Jeff said, giving him a hug.
They pulled apart and Paul turned to the three of them seriously. Lets do this.
They nodded and headed towards the entrance. As they walked, Abbey gripped Pauls arm and whispered, Whatever happens in there, just go with it, okay?
Paul looked at her quizzically. But there was no time to ask her what she meant as they reached the doors.
 * * * * *
Adam hit the floor for the umpteenth time and coughed up blood.
Get him to his feet, boys, Stovers voice echoed around the room.
Adam felt strong hands on him, hauling him up. They propped him up straight and he stared with blurred vision at Stover approaching. Two more men stood either side of those holding him. His face was bruised and bloody. He couldnt see out of his left eye. He could taste the coppery taste of blood on his split lip. He could barely breathe thanks to a few cracked ribs.
You ready to talk yet? Stover asked.
This is nothing, he choked.
So be it.
He thrust his fist into Adams face. Adams head snapped to the side and he grunted at the impact.
Ive been wanting to do that for a long time, you arrogant son of a bitch.
Adam glared at him through half-closed eyes.
Ben smiled and addressed his men, Continue, boys, I have work to do. Ill be in my office.
 * * * * *
Abbey stood back and watched Bill, Jeff, and Paul argue their situation with the receptionist and two heavyset security guards. It had been twenty minutes and they were still getting nowhere.
She sighed and pulled out her cell and dialed. Tony, its Abbey. I need you to pull up the schematics for this goddamn building. Direct me to Ben Stovers office.
She glanced around. A few feet away to her left she caught sight of a stairwell.
Im going through the southwest stairwell via the first floor.
She kept her eye on the situation at the reception desk. There was no one else around. Stealthily, she opened the stairwell door and rushed up the stairs with Tony in her ear guiding her.
She reached the tenth floor and stopped.
This is it. Make a left. His office is two doors down, Tony instructed her.
Thank God. Ten flights? These frigging shoes are killing me. Thanks, Tony.
She hung up and opened the door. She walked out into the corridor and approached the door. There was no one around. Security in this building is a joke. She adjusted herself, took a deep breath, and knocked.
Ben Stovers voice responded. She opened the door and walked in.
He was taken aback and fumbled to get out of his chair.
She locked the door behind her and leaned against it, her leg bent seductively, uncovered from her coat. She eyed him intensely.
Well, this is a surprise. A very welcome surprise, he said.
I hear you have our Commander in custody, Deputy Director, she said, sauntering further into the room.
Yes I do. Where he belongs.
Is it?
You came here to change my mind, Miss Benson?
She took a seat and made a show of crossing her legs. She watched his eyes travel to her fishnet stockings. So predictable, you pervert.
Call me Abbey, she said with a wink.
He was speechless. He couldnt draw his eyes away from her legs.
You know you cant keep him indefinitely. One day more max unless you can bring real charges against him instead of loose evidence.
Abbey, I assure you
He wont talk.
He moved to object.
He wont, she interrupted again, drilling the message home.
She stood up and approached him, stopping just inches away. Things arent always what they seem, Ben. Whatever hes doing, he has a good reason for it. Its not dirty. The Syndicate killed his wife. Why would he ally himself with them unless it was for a greater goal?
You want me to just let him go? he asked, running his hand along the arm of her jacket. I do have that power, you know.
I know you do, she said.
Maybe I could be persuaded to let him go.
Abbey smiled.
If I was made a good offer.
She took a step back and opened her coat. She slid it off and let it fall to the floor.
Good enough? she asked.
You have yourself a deal, he said, struck by what was underneath. Ive wanted to get my hands on you for a long time, he breathed.
She met his hungry gaze. I know, she said with a faux smile.
He gripped her hair and pulled her towards him, kissing her roughly. He pushed her onto his desk. She cringed as his hands groped her breasts. They slid up her thighs between her legs. She closed her eyes feigning pleasure while secretly trying to keep herself from pushing him off. The only thing stopping her from snapping his neck was the thought of Adam.
For Adam. And, so, she let him take her.

CHAPTER 57
Excuse me, the receptionist said agitatedly as the switchboard chirped.
Bill, Jeff, and Paul exchanged an impatient look.
They waited.
Moments later, she turned back to them. That was Deputy Director Stover. Hes instructed you to drive around to the back of the facility. You can pick up your package there, she reported. His words, she added, apologetically.
With that, she turned away and resumed her work.
The three of them moved away, taken aback by the turn of events.
Bill glanced around and asked, Wheres Abbey?
You two go. Ill wait for her. Meet me round front, Paul said.
They nodded and hurried out of the building.
Paul leaned against a wall, his arms folded, waiting.
Less than five minutes later, he caught sight of her being led by Stover towards the reception area. She was disheveled and clutched her coat protectively around herself. Holy shit. He bolted forward and rushed towards her. A security guard let her through, but blocked Pauls path to Stover.
Nice doing business with you, he told Abbey, licking his lips.
Abbey looked away, disgusted.
You son of a bitch! Paul roared at him.
Got your Commander back, didnt you? Stover rebutted.
Paul hesitated, but quickly thought better of it. Doing something now could jeopardize everyones safety. He put his arm around Abbey and started to walk away.
Girls got skills, Stover called out.
Paul stopped. Abbey pulled at his jacket, urging him to let it go. He exhaled deeply and continued towards the exit with his arm wrapped around her tightly.
They walked towards Pauls car, parked at the edge of the parking lot.
Suddenly, Abbey doubled over and retched. He bolted forward and brushed her hair out of her face as she violently threw up on the tarmac. After a few minutes she stopped and stood up straight, trying to catch her breath.
Abbey he began.
Dont, she urged him, holding up a shaking hand.
I need to know what happened in there, he pressed her gently.
I did what I had to do. They were torturing him, Paul.
Paul gazed at her sadly.
He can never know, she said. Never.
Paul nodded and said, I cant believe you managed to
I love him! she cried earnestly.
I know, he told her and wrapped his arm around her, walking them towards the car.
Shed sacrificed herself, her dignity, her body for Adam. She loved him. Paul knew Adam felt the same. But the excruciating part of it was that he would likely never tell her. As Commander he was trapped.
 * * * * *
Adam sat in his leather chair in his living room. He was exhausted. Bill had forced some painkillers down his throat and tended to his particularly nasty wounds.
Maybe you should go to bed, Paul suggested. Or a hospital?
Im fine, Adam growled.
Abbey stood next to Paul leaning against the bookcase. She was disturbed seeing him so thoroughly beaten. He was so messed up. She couldnt keep her eyes on him for very long without emotion overtaking her.
Bill and Jeff sat on the couch next to Adam.
How did you get me out of there?
Bill and Jeff looked at Paul.
Negotiations, Paul answered.
What? Adam asked, his eyes narrowing with suspicion. What arent they telling me?
He noticed something odd about Abbey suddenly.
What are you wearing? he asked, confused.
Abbey looked down and noticed her coat had come a little loose. Quickly, she pulled it closed. Nothing, she stumbled.
Exactly.
He struggled to his feet and eyed each of them. What happened? What are you not telling me? he demanded. If there was a price, I need to know what it was, he urged them.
Abbey knew Adams questions wouldnt cease. She also knew that none of the guys would give her up. She had to be the one to put an end to it.
Give us a moment, she asked the three of them.
Paul hesitated.
Its okay, she assured him. So much for keeping it a secret.
Paul nodded and ushered Bill and Jeff to the kitchen.
Abbey? Adam pressed her.
Sit down, she told him as she approached him.
 * * * * *
Jeff sat perched on the worktop. Bill took a seat at the kitchen table and Paul paced nervously back and forth.
It will be okay, Bill tried to comfort him.
For you it will. I was acting Commander on that op. You think hes gonna overlook that? I should have stopped her.
And, what, let Adam enjoy more of a beating? Jeff said.
You did the right thing. She did the right thing. It worked, Bill told him.
They stopped talking as they heard Abbeys muffled voice.
They waited.
You did what? That son of a bitch! Ill kill him! Hes dead! Dead! Adams voice thundered through the house.
And, there it is, Paul commented.

CHAPTER 58
Abbey tossed and turned as she slept.
She cried out, whimpering, screaming for him to stop, to get away from her. But he just stared down at her. His eyes were cold. Rick Walker smiled victoriously as he sat atop of her. She couldnt stop him.
You cant hold it, Ab.
Shut up! she rasped.
And, its not because Im stronger. Although, I am. You wanna know why?
I said shut up! she screamed.
The pain was crippling her.
Its because you have a death wish. You welcome the peace. Its why you joined the goddamn CSA in the first place. Youre more afraid to live than you are of death.
Shut up! she screamed.
Get ready, he told her, gazing at her intensely.
Abbeys eyes snapped open in horror and she bolted up in bed, glancing around frantically. No one was there. Just another nightmare. Every night was the same. Rick Walker haunted her dreams. She glanced at the clock on the bedside table. It was four in the morning. She sighed wearily and ran her fingers through her hair.
She climbed out of bed and walked to the door. She stepped out into the hallway. Everything was quiet. Bill and Jeff had gone back to the CTF a couple of days ago. Abbey had decided not to return with them. She was needed here with her team, with Adam. She stood at the top of the stairs and peered down at the couch in the living room. Paul was sprawled out asleep, snoring loudly. She smiled. She knew Tony was still in the house somewhere. Hed likely fallen asleep at his desk downstairs in the basement.
She turned and walked down the hallway towards Adams bedroom. She stopped outside and hesitated. He had barely spoken to her in the last few days since shed told him how shed brought about his release from Special Operations custody.
She summoned her courage and knocked. She heard a tired murmur from within and she opened the door and stepped inside.
Adam was sitting up awake in his bed, just staring into space pensively. He turned to the door to see who his visitor was, expecting Paul or Tony. Upon seeing it was Abbey he was taken aback and gathered the sheets to shield his naked chest.
Hey, she said.
Couldnt sleep? he asked.
Abbey shook her head. Looks like you couldnt either.
Yeah, it comes with the job.
She approached the bed and climbed onto the unoccupied side. Adam moved to object, but it was too late. She curled her legs up under her and turned to him, I know youve been avoiding me.
They locked eyes, but Adam quickly looked away.
You cant even look at me?
Im sorry. I know why you did what you did. Ive had Paul pleading your case to me non-stop for the last few days.
There was no other way. They were torturing you.
I know. I know.
I didnt want to. I feel sick. It was
Paul told me what happened outside.
She turned away to hide the tears that were starting to form in her eyes. She felt Adams hand on her arm. His touch was hesitant. And, as sudden as it made contact, it left her.
I know you did it for me, Adam told her. He rested his head against the headboard and rubbed his face. Its just....
What? she choked out.
She turned back to him with tears in her eyes.
Adam looked at her sadly. I cant bear the thought of him touching you, he said, I cant get it out of my head, Abbey. I just cant. He breathed a heavy sigh. Starting tomorrow, I have to work with the guy. Now, after this, all I want is to kill him. It...it complicates everything.
What are you saying?
Adam hesitated and looked away.
Abbey felt her upset quickly turning to anger. You wish I hadnt? Would it have been better if Id left you there to die? Im sorry what I did has complicated things for you at work. But you know what? It wasnt the best between the two of you even before this, Adam.
She moved to get off the bed, but his hand shot out and gripped her arm. As she turned around to look at him he saw the grief etched on her face. He was breaking her heart and it killed him.
Right now, us being together jeopardizes the agency. I cant lead like this, Abbey. Its affecting my judgment. Were too close. I need to put more distance between us. Im moving you to the Beta team with Paul. I cant have you leading Alpha with me right now.
She started to sob. She tried to wipe away her tears, but they kept coming. It was agonizing to be so close to him only to have him ripped away. It hurt too much.
Im sorry. Its the way it has to be, Abbey, he said gently.
He reached out to comfort her, but she pulled away.
She walked sadly to the door. Stopping, she turned to him. He met her glance and braced himself, fearful of what she would say. He felt his stomach churn from seeing how upset she was.
She choked through her tears. I...love you, Adam. I love you...so much, she whispered.
She opened the door before he had the chance to offer a response and left hastily.
Shit, he breathed and leaned forward, burying his face in his hands.
I love you, too.

CHAPTER 59
You all right? You seem a little on edge, Paul asked Adam as they exited the elevator and arrived on the Executive Floor.
Yeah, fine, he replied, distractedly, glancing around curiously.
Faces of men and women he didnt recognize rushed past them carrying boxes. They were moving in.
Today, it starts, Paul commented.
Adam nodded.
It was the first official day of the CSA-SO partnership or, as Adam referred to it, the hostile merger.
We have the backup HQ, Paul offered.
Yeah, speaking of which, is everything set for Operation Takedown tonight?
Were good to go. Well get him this time.
Good. Good, Adam said, distractedly.
He stopped suddenly, his gaze fixating on an office to his right.
Ben Stover, Deputy Director.
No. No! Paul called out to him as he watched Adam stride towards it.
Maybe you being here today wasnt the best idea, he said, hurrying to catch up.
Adam threw open the door and barged inside. Paul followed him and hastily grabbed the door. He glanced around outside to make sure no one had seen Adams angry entry and then he followed him in and shut the door.
Stover looked up from the papers on his desk and grinned at Adam. I appreciate you stopping by to welcome me to the building. You look a lot better than the last time I saw you.
Adam scoffed and narrowed his eyes. He moved to approach him. Paul gripped his arm. He shook it off and continued. Paul hung back and watched warily, prepared to move at the slightest sign of things getting physical.
No hard feelings, Commander. We have to work together now. We cant have this tension between us.
I agree, Adam said.
It was just business. I thought you were working with the Syndicate.
An assumption that made no logical sense. You have a lot to learn.
Ben got up from his chair and approached him. Perhaps. But with the both of us running this agency together, Im sure Ill learn what I need to quickly. With your mentorship.
Shit, here we go. Bad move, Ben, Paul thought.
I run this agency, Adam argued.
Ben smiled and stepped closer. Hows the lovely Agent Benson?
Adam stood his ground. He didnt say anything. He just glared at him heatedly.
But Ben wasnt done. I hope she wasnt too sore after our little business transaction. She let me do whatever I wanted to her smoking body. Amazing lay. You should give her a go.
Without warning, Adams fist smashed into his face. His whole weight behind it, all his fury, it sent Ben stumbling back against his desk. Paul rushed forward. Adam held out his hand, urging him to stay back.
Youve just signed your jail sentence, Adam, Ben threatened as he cupped his bloody nose. No doubt it was broken.
Have I?
Ben watched nervously as Adam approached.
Damn right. Assaulting a government officer is a serious offense.
You fell. I didnt assault you. Adam turned to Paul and asked, Did you witness me assaulting the Deputy Director?
Paul shook his head. I have no idea what youre referring to.
Bens gaze shifted back and forth between Paul and Adam, anxiously. What?
Adam withdrew a DVD from his inside jacket pocket.
If you want to report otherwise, go ahead. But first, you may want to consider the consequences, Adam said, gesturing to the DVD.
What the hell is that?
This? This is surveillance footage from your office on the day of my arrest.
Bens face went white with terror.
By the way, from what I saw, didnt look like she was enjoying it.
Bens eyes narrowed. How did you get that?
Ive been doing this job for a long time, Ben.
You son of a bitch.
Adam glanced at the DVD. Whats it gonna be, Deputy Director? You wanna play hardball? he said, echoing the words Ben had spoken to him in the holding cell.
Ben sighed and held up his hands. All right, all right.
You so much as look at her in an inappropriate manner and I will destroy you. Clear?
Ben nodded his agreement.
Good, Adam said.
He started to walk away back to the door. He was about to follow Paul out, but stopped briefly and turned to Ben. You burn me. I burn you.
Paul and Adam walked quietly down the corridor.
When they were safely out of earshot Paul turned to him. What the hell is that? he said, gesturing to the DVD that Adam was returning to his jacket pocket.
Burned copy of The Godfather, Part II, he revealed with a wry smile.
Paul laughed. Youre good. Youre really good.
Adam chuckled.

CHAPTER 60
Abbey pored over the blueprints of Leanne Carters villa with Tony. The teams would arrive in a few hours and Operation Takedown would commence. It was just her and Tony in the house. Adam and Paul had gone to the CSA to review the changes courtesy of the SO partnership.
So, wed divide and enter at multiple locations?
Tony nodded.
If we were to enter covertly, instead of entering offensively with a full-on assault, where would be the optimal point of entry? she asked.
Tony studied the blueprints and discussed the options.
We know that they commandeered an arms shipment. Is that located here? Do they have ready access to those weapons? Rocket launcher, grenades, for instance?
No. Ive scanned the entire property. They must be storing them elsewhere. Perhaps with one of her affiliates. Abbey, there wont be a repeat of what happened at the farmhouse.
Abbey nodded. And, its just the two of them?
Confirmed.
Thanks, she said and turned to leave.
You know, Abbey, Adam will go over all of this at the briefing in a couple of hours.
I know. I just wanted to get a jump-start.
Sure. I understand, Tony said, eyeing her suspiciously.
He watched her leave. What is she up to? His thoughts were interrupted by his headset buzzing fervently in his ear.
Base Ops. Go ahead, Commander.
 * * * * *
Abbey strode towards the closet and threw open the double doors. She pushed several hangers of clothes to the side and grabbed what she was there for: her well-worn, black leather jacket. She placed it on the bed and glared at it. This is it.
Im ready, she breathed. She took a deep breath and started to dress quickly.
 * * * * *
Rick and Leanne lay back on two wooden pool chairs, staring out at the picturesque candlelit pool. A waterfall gushed into it, flanked by heavy foliage. It was a nice imitation of paradise.
How much longer do we have to remain cooped up here? Leanne complained.
Rick took a soothing drag of his smoke. Just a little while longer until the dust settles. I killed three CSA agents, Leanne.
Im bored.
Too bad.
Your arms healed now. You can take them.
Rick turned to her with growing impatience. No I cant. You dont know Adam.
Dont you mean Abbey? she threw at him.
Shut up, he warned her, I told you not to say her name.
Should have let me kill her that day, she muttered under her breath.
Rick heard her. I will kill her when the time is right. Shell never see it coming.
You sure about that? a familiar voice came from behind them.
Shocked, they scrambled to their feet and turned to face the intruder.
Abbey Benson stood there decked out in leather pants and a matching black leather jacket. Her hair was pulled back out of her face. She wore CSA tactical gloves and two knife holsters were strapped to her thighs. She was prepared for war.
Come here to kill me, baby? Rick called.
Im taking you in. The way that happens is up to you.
He cautiously approached. Sure you want another beating?
Leanne reached for a handgun on the patio table.
But Abbey was well aware of her surroundings. She withdrew a knife from her holster and threw it towards her. It spun through the air like lightning. Leanne didnt even see it coming until it was inches away. It plunged into the center of her hand, crucifying it and pinning her to the table. She screamed in agony and writhed in pain.
Rick eyed her in shock. He turned back to Abbey, warily.
You scared? she taunted him.
Rick snarled and lunged at her.
 * * * * *
Wheres Abbey? Paul asked, descending the stairs to the living room.
Adam looked to Tony. Paul and he had just arrived home from the CSA.
Shes not up there? I didnt hear her leave, he said nervously.
What is it? Paul asked, seeing the anxiety on his face.
She was asking questions about the operation tonight. Detailed questions.
Like what? Adam pressed.
Like undetectable entry points into the villa, a head count, arms information.
Paul and Adam exchanged a look.
She wouldnt, Adam said.
Whats she got to lose? Paul asked, taking a shot at him for his rejection of her.
Adam shot him a look. He considered the situation for a second. Lets move!

CHAPTER 61
Rick grunted as he slammed into the brick wall of the house. He scrambled to face Abbey as she approached.
You need to call a time-out? she asked, grinning at him.
He struggled to his feet and readied his fighting stance. Come here, he seethed.
Its your move, Rick.
He threw a punch at her. She blocked it. He followed through with an uppercut. She blocked its path. His blows kept coming, each more brutal and angry than the one before. None of them connected. She met him blow for blow.
She snuck in a jab to his chin. His head snapped back and he stumbled. She used the opportunity to assault him with a brutal roundhouse kick. It sent him skidding across the floor. He skidded to a stop between the pool chairs. He eyed Leanne who was on her knees trying to pry the knife out of her hand. But it was embedded deep in the table. He crawled to her and gripped the knife. He ripped it out. She screamed wildly and collapsed onto the ground clutching her hand.
Help me! he bellowed.
But she was too consumed by the pain to listen. She just continued to whimper. Rick rolled his eyes. Frigging amateur. She wasnt made for combat.
He attempted to get to his feet, but Abbeys steel-toe boot thrust into his side, kicking him back down. He lay there as she approached and tried to formulate a strategy. She was kicking his ass. Impossible!
I thought you were a man? You cant beat a woman? Come on, Rick! You wanna beat me down? Beat me!
Rick gripped the bloodied knife that lay on the ground. He hurled it at her. She caught it by the handle with ease and returned the favor. He cried out as it plunged into his leg. He ripped it out quickly. And then she was on him, pummeling him.
Her hands were a blur of movement. He could barely see them, let alone stop them. For the first time he felt panic seep into his consciousness. She was different in combat this time. Shed let the beast out. Her instincts were in the driving seat now. Shit. She was winning!
To his relief, he saw Leanne preparing to lunge at her. Yes, do it!
Abbeys senses screamed at her. She listened to them and threw out her fist. It connected with Leannes jugular, sending her sprawling across the deck, choking.
Still, it was enough of a distraction for Rick to use it to his advantage. He gripped Abbeys waist and threw her off him. She hit the ground hard.
They both scrambled to get to their feet, but Rick was up first. He rushed towards her and drove them into the patio doors. They shattered at the impact as the two of them crashed through onto the kitchen floor.
He tried to climb on top of her, but Abbey used her legs to push him away. She somersaulted to her feet and assumed a fighting stance.
Not now, baby, she told him.
Rick smiled. Dont be too hasty.
Abbey looked at him. Wearing jeans but only a white wife-beater, shards of glass permeated his arms. Her tough leather clothing had protected her from such a fate. His face was black and blue. Blood trickled down his lip. It was a huge contrast to their last battle.
Youre not looking too good, she taunted him.
You think you can beat me, lover?
Abbey mouthed a kiss and smiled at him.
It enraged him and he lunged at her. He grabbed hold of her and threw her into the hallway. She braced herself with her hands and spun around as he ran towards her. He gripped her arms, pressing her tightly against the wall. She took hold of his and summoned her strength, pushing him back against the opposite wall.
Youre strong, he told her and drove them back against the other wall. Im stronger.
He held her against the wall, pressing his weight against her. He felt her pushing back, trying to move him. But his weight was too great.
Let go, he told her as her fingers dug into his arms.
No.
He moved back a little to attempt to take hold of her arms.
Big mistake. Abbey used the opportunity to rip her arm free and grip his neck. He gripped hers and slammed her other hand against the wall. She flinched from the pain, but her grip didnt weaken.
She exerted more pressure.
Stop! he rasped.
You first, she choked as he tightened his grip.
They both hesitated. She saw the fear in his eyes. There was none in hers. Whos more afraid to die? she choked.
I can snap your neck before you snap mine, he told her anxiously.
Can you? she said, eyeing him intensely.
With seconds left before they lost consciousness, Rick suddenly let go and pulled back, cursing.
They glared at one another, choking and trying to catch their breath. And then, he ran.
He sprinted down the corridor and made a sharp left, bolting up a staircase. She followed close behind, but he was fast. When she reached the second floor landing he was gone. She approached slowly, listening, concentrating. And, just as she felt him, he grabbed her.
He dragged her into what looked like a game room. A pool table stood in the center. Two flat screen TVs hung on the wall. Hockey sticks, baseball bats, roller-bladesto name a fewwere propped up neatly against the walls.
She lost her balance as he dragged her. He let go and she hit the floor. She moved to get up, but he stood over her already. He held a baseball bat ready at his side. He smiled maliciously and swung. It slammed into her gut with such force that she collapsed. He hit her again. She cried out and forced herself to roll to the side.
I love it when you scream for me, Ab.
She crawled across the floor to get away from him. He followed her. He hit her again. And again. She screamed.
He laughed and dropped the bat and approached her. She groaned as his fingers dug painfully into her shoulders as he hauled her off her feet. He hurled her at a stained glass cabinet. It crashed down on top of her, pinning her beneath it.
Why so much fire, baby?
She ignored him as she struggled to pull herself free from the heavy cabinet.
Still haunted by the memory of letting that government asshole stick it to you?
Abbey shot him a look.
Word gets around. Just like you do.
Shut up.
Guess I taught you well in that department.
Abbey threw him a withering look. Youre disgusting.
Rick laughed and approached. She finally broke free of the cabinet and struggled to her feet, using the wall for support. Rick grabbed a pool cue off the wall.
Did he get you off?
Shut your mouth!
He drove the pool cue forward. She shot out her hands and gripped it, stopping him from running her through with it.
Of course not. Hes not me.
Abbeys eyes burned with fiery rage. She thrust her knee upwards. The force of it split the pool cue in half. Rick stumbled back. What the hell? She jumped into a flying kick that propelled him across the room.
He ran for the door. He reached the stairs. But suddenly she was on him, tackling him. He struggled to fight her off. It caused both of them to lose their footing and they crashed painfully down the stairs. They both grunted at the impact.
He scrambled off her and bolted into the living room. She followed him, but stopped short as he grabbed a Glock off the coffee table and spun towards her.
Suddenly, there was a thud at the door. She heard Adams voice calling to her. Rick kept his eyes on her. He smiled and fired off a shot. Not even she was fast enough to dodge a bullet.
It penetrated her leather jacket and plunged into her left shoulder.
She glanced at Rick in disbelief, her eyes wide from shock.
She clasped her shoulder and collapsed to her knees. The pain was searing.
He approached her like a predator intent on the kill.
She eased herself across the floor, trying to back away. She reached the wall and sank against it, looking up at him warily. She blinked her eyes rapidly. Her vision was starting to blur. She struggled to breathe.
The door continued to thud, the shouts from outside getting louder.
Its made of oak, you fools! Rick yelled.
He knelt down beside her and pressed the gun painfully into her chest. She flinched as the white-hot muzzle seared her skin.
You lose, Ab, he whispered, stroking her hair.
His finger gripped the trigger.
But he didnt get the chance to fire.
Her knife plunged into his stomach.
Shed drawn it so fast he hadnt even seen it coming. He gazed at her with disbelief. She ripped it out and pushed him back. He gulped and dropped the gun. She kicked it away weakly and sank back against the wall.
Rick lay on the carpet, clutching his stomach, trying to stop the bleeding. They gazed at one another intensely.
Shed beaten him.
The door flew open and Adam and Paul rushed into the room. They stopped at the sight of the scene before them.
Abbey smiled at them wearily. And, then, she closed her eyes.
You lose, Rick Walker.

CHAPTER 62
Adam rode shotgun in the transport. Rick Walker was being transported to the Central Training Facility. Well, that was the official story.
Pull over here, Adam ordered.
The driver did as instructed, despite his surprise.
Adam jumped out of the vehicle and walked around to the back. Two security guards followed him. He nodded and they opened the doors. They hauled Rick out.
Adam grabbed hold of him by his handcuffs and dragged him through the dirt towards an embankment.
Rick glanced around. They had stopped in the middle of nowhere. Adam was going to kill him!
Adam kicked him, forcing him to his knees. He drew his Beretta and aimed it at his head.
Rick closed his eyes tightly. He could feel his hands shaking.
All the people youve murdered and youre afraid? Adam said.
Shes still alive! Rick yelled.
Extremely lucky for you. You got to live a little longer.
What about the Circle? You kill me and theyll turn their back on you.
No one knows were here, Adam whispered hauntingly.
Rick felt an involuntary shiver run down his spine. His hands wouldnt stop shaking. For the first time in his life he was afraid.
You think you dont deserve to die, Rick? After what youve done? If I dont pull the trigger, how can I ever be sure you wont come after my people again? How can I know that?
I swear to you, Rick pleaded, his voice cracking with emotion.
Remember when I warned you the day would come when your word would mean nothing?
Adam, please.
Adam released the safety and adjusted his aim. Rick closed his eyes.
Adam fired a shot.
Rick braced himself.
But he didnt feel anything. No pain. No thud of the bullet hitting him or penetrating his skin. He opened his eyes.
The bullet hadnt hit him. Adam had fired a shot into the dirt.
Rick looked at him in question, not understanding.
Im not like you, Adam said.
He turned his back and walked away.
Rick closed his eyes and collapsed on the ground. Tears filled his eyes. He was still alive.
Moments later another unmarked van pulled up. Adam waved the driver over. They shook hands as Adam said, Take him far away from my city.
Consider it done, Commander, Tom Winston spoke.
Only I am to know his location. No SO, no CSA, no Circle, Adam said.
Winston nodded. He signaled two of his men to retrieve Rick. Adam climbed back into the other vehicle and watched them drag Rick into Winstons transport. Adam saluted Winston and then urged his driver to return to the city.
 * * * * *
Adam stood outside the hospital talking on his cell with Aiden Waters, Director of Special Operations.
The unauthorized operation against former CSA agent, Rick Walker, has been fully investigated, Commander.
Director Adam began, but the Director cut him off.
No charges will be brought.
Adam was stunned. Excuse me?
Despite heavy input from Mr. Stover, we have found that your actions and that of Agent Benson were just. They were necessary. Walker threatened to ignite a war with the Syndicate, which would have decimated the city that we are charged with protecting. Furthermore, we also accept that there was no time for you to attempt to gain authorization for said operation. Under the circumstances, your actions did not break Special Ops protocol.
Thank you.
Commander, we will be watching you, the Director added.
Adam smiled. I know.
Thats all for now.
The Director hung up. Adam sighed with relief. One less thing to deal with. He put his phone away and headed back into the hospital.
He reached Abbeys room and entered. Paul sat at her bedside. They were laughing and joking around.
Were clear, Adam announced.
Paul approached him and gave him a high five. Nice.
Paul glanced between Adam and Abbey. He saw the intense looks passing between them. Until shed regained consciousness a few hours ago, Adam had been in a dire state of anxiety. Hed barely left her bedside. But since shed woken up theyd barely said a word to one another.
Ill give you both a moment, he offered.
No, Abbey called as she eased herself up in bed. No moment needed.
Adam eyed her. Her words cut like a knife. Her meaning was obvious. She broke eye contact and returned to her conversation with Paul, effectively ignoring Adams presence.
Paul glanced at Adam sadly.
Then Adams phone started to ring again. Reede here.
Adam, its Bill.
One sec, Adam said, leaving the room to take the call privately. Did Colin send you the information? he asked.
Yeah. He was strangely cooperative. Hes probably hoping youll let him back in if he makes amends.
He has a shot, Adam said.
Are you going soft now? Bill jested.
Never, Adam laughed.
I wish Jim had seen this launched before his death, Bill said.
Too many derailments over the years. Im not going to let that happen.
He paused, acknowledging the weight of what he was about to say. It would change everything. It had been years coming. Now, the time had finally arrived. They were ready.
The end was near.
Initiate Phase One. Operation Phoenix is a go.
-End

Begin book two, End Game, Now
End Game
Other Novels by F. J. Gale
The Vigilante Justice Series
Into the Fire
End Game
Inheritance
If you Enjoyed this Novel, you might also be interested in:
The Alberta Connection
As a child, all Ryce Dalton wanted to be was an Army Ranger.
Conquering his dream, it was only 16 years later that he was forced into early retirement due to an injury.
Sworn to defend his country, putting his combat and intelligence skills back to work, he has joined the Joint Border Task Force.
Four laptops have been stolen from the Pentagon, containing critical data that could put us all in danger. Can Ryce keep those secrets from reaching the enemies of America?

Or
Tug of War
Impulsive, YES. Irresponsible, SURE. Necessary, PROBABLY. Going to end badly, most likely. Does any of that matter to me, no. I decided that I can't please everyone so this week my only goal is to please me. Im a selfish cow but I cant seem to help it. Im Clara Lord. I own Bloodlines Tattoo Parlor, have a filthy mouth, no filter and a really strong objection to bossy idiots, pet names and wealthy men.

You will hate me, love me or love to hate me but either way it doesnt matter. Everything I touch turns to crap and its all my fault. See, I lived through hell. Then I escaped hell and carefully spent the next eight years crafting a perfect little life until Domini Napoli screwed it all up. Now nothings right. Everythings wrong and all my secrets are coming out.

Obviously I have to fix it, my life, the problem is I dont really trust anyone and I dont know how. Dominic baffles me. Sawyer adores me. Amanda and Marg try to keep me in line and I live for Allie. This whole things a cluster F***. I want them both in different ways but I have Alliecat to protect in the mix. I keep thinking the only way out of this is to take Allie and run...again. Leave both men behind and go back to Allie and Clara take on the world...is thirty three too old to do that now? It didnt seem so bad at twenty four but to have to do all that work again... crap.

About the Author

F.J. Gale was born in Surrey, England and currently resides in Ontario, Canada with her husband and her two mischievous bunnies, Cinnamon and Cola.

As an introverted child, she lived inside her imagination. Since she was able to put pen to paper, she has been crafting her own fictional adventures. She has a love of writing stories that centre around strong female protagonists. Her unquenchable thirst for kick-ass action stories led to the creation of her own action-thriller series, Vigilante Justice. 

Follow her for updates on the books at:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/fjgalebooks
Twitter:  @_fjgale
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/7710169.F_J_Gale
Check out her website at: http://fjgale.com

