

Tempted by Fire


HUNTERS AMONG US, BOOK 1




By M.D. Bowden




By M.D. Bowden

Gateway to Faerie:
Gateway to Faerie
Bell Stone: Gateway to Faerie II
The Two Vampires:
Dark Wine
Dark Blood
Dark Love
Dark Moors
Dark Flame  A Short Story
Hunters Among Us:
Tempted by Fire
Fighting the Flame
The Werewolf Hunter Chronicles:
Book 1 is Coming Soon!
FREE:
Graveyard (A Short Story)




Tempted by Fire (Hunters Among Us, Book 1)
By M.D. Bowden
Published by M.D. Bowden
Copyright  M.D. Bowden 2014
Smashwords Edition
All Rights Reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes:  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All characters in this work are fictitious.  Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.




Table of Contents

By M.D. Bowden
Copyright
Tempted by Fire
Chapter 1:  Watched
Chapter 2:  Alice
Chapter 3:  Blur
Chapter 4:  Drinking Game
Chapter 5:  On My Mind
Chapter 6:  Victoria
Chapter 7:  Mr Self-Assured
Chapter 8:  Ghosts
Chapter 9:  True Colours
Chapter 10:  Tricked
Chapter 11:  Captive
Chapter 12:  The Truth
Chapter 13:  Sorry
Chapter 14:  The Hunt
Chapter 15:  In Trouble
Chapter 16:  My Decision
Sample of Book 2:  Fighting the Flame
Author Bio





for those of you who just love the paranormal, as I do




Tempted by Fire

About This Book
Eighteen year old Erin Lustleigh is just starting university.  She has no idea she is about to plunge into a world with werewolves, vampires, ghosts and, of course . . . hunters.  
Erins journey is one of heart ache, new experiences and dangerous dilemmas.  She finds herself torn between sides, not knowing who to believe, or who to trust.

Join Erin, as she finds out the dark truth . . .  




Chapter 1:  Watched


I AM SO god damn bored.  My legs are cramping and my back hurts, and I cant get up to stretch, as I am completely hemmed into my seat by squashed, sweaty people.  And, to top off my discomfort; I cant help but suspect the tall man, whos standing in the crowded isle, is watching me.  Every time I look up, he averts his gaze, and makes out hes reading a folded newspaper.  But, whenever I look away, I feel his eyes boring into the back of my head.  
Maybe Im just being paranoid, because Im nervous.  Why would he be watching me, anyway?  He looks like a journalistic type; maybe thirty-five, with closely cropped dark hair, a hint of stubble, and rectangular reading glasses.  His white shirt is open at the collar and his paisley tie pulled loose.  Hes fairly good looking, but I am much too young for him, so Im pretty sure hes not checking me out.  Maybe hes bored too, and finds me amusing for some reason.  
I peer into the window to my left.  I can just see my reflection, if I ignore the rolling fields beyond the glass.  I cant see anything stuck on my face, and it doesnt look like anyone drew on it when I nodded off earlier.  My eyes do look tired, no doubt due to the fact I spent all night worrying about today.  
The funny thing is; the guy watching me; he looks kind of familiar . . . but I just cant place him.  Where could I have seen him before?
I feel so restless.  I really wish I could just relax.  I was such an idiot to say Id get to uni by myself; I should have got Mum and Dad to come with me, and help me find my room.  For some strange reason; I was determined not to be dependent; to do it on my own.  Thanks to my independent streakall my things for the term are wedged into a giant rucksack.  Its currently in the luggage rack, hopefully safe; there are too many people in the way to tell for sure.  
My lightweight, pale, trench-like jacket is folded on my lap, the only spare space available.  Its pockets are heavy with all the things Id usually put in a handbag; phone, wallet, mints, valium!  
The old train lurches as the tracks curve around a corner, and a lady squashed into the seat on my right is jolted against me.
Sorry, dear, she mutters, as I rub my arm.
No worries, I say, glancing at my watch; to make sure theres no chance I will look at the man again, or he will think its me watching him.
Its about an hour until the train is due to arrive at Waterloo.  When it does Ill have to change lines to get the train to Greenwich, and then I can go looking for my halls of residence.  
The fields are giving way to a grotty urban sprawl, as the train rumbles toward my destination.  Butterflies flutter in my belly.  
Normally I would read on a journey like this, but right now Im too distracted by worries about what awaits; who I will meet, how many times I will get lost, whether I will get any sleepsurrounded by other eighteen year oldsand whether Im doing the right thing going to uni at all.  
I close my eyes and rest my head against the worn seat-back, determinedly ignoring the persistent sense of being stared at.  This boredom is making me ridiculously sleepy, and I cant help but start to drift . . .
Suddenly it seems as though Im just a young kid, and Im on holiday with my grandparents.  We are staying in a lakeside log cabin, bordered by an immense conifer forest.
Granny and Granddad are in the cabin, doing painting with my little brother, and while theyre busy I have the freedom to do as I wish, as long as I dont go too far. . . .  I wander along the waters edge and take a seat on a fallen branch, near the shady forest.  No-one else is out playing today, and I feel like a lost soul searching for something to do.  For a time I try to skim stones along the lake surface, but all that happens is the stones sink into the cool murky waters.  After a while the novelty wears off and I sit there aimlessly.  
Im just about to get up and walk back to the cabin, but I hear footsteps crunching over debris.  It sounds like they are nearby, not too far into the forest.  The footsteps are quiet, delicate, and they dont sound humanI suspect some type of animal.  I light up inside; if I am really quiet I could track it, deeper into the forest, and watch . . . without being seen.
I step gingerly on the ground, trying not to break a twig and alert the animal to my presence.  I reach the first thick trunk, marking the forest edge, the boundary that will take me away from the sun.  I peer around the edge and immediately spot a young deer, its snout poking around in leafy undergrowth.  The deer looks beautifully sleek, and I am instantly enchanted.  It turns its flank on me, pointy ears twitching upright, and I catch a sideways glimpse of wide startled eyes.  The deer springs away and disappears into the dense forest.  
I move fast, but lightly.  After all, I am only small.  I dart after the deer, and am soon so far from the lake I fear it will be hard to find my way back, and that my grandparents will start to worry.  At that moment I hear movement again, but this time coming from two directions; ahead of meI think this must be the deerand somewhere off to the left.  It sounds like something else is moving in, creeping ever so slowly toward the beautiful animal with sleek red fur.  Something is hunting it.  
I lose any idea Id had about turning to leave.  Instead I peek cautiously around the next tree, and am rewarded to see the fawn only three feet away, frozen in place.  I hold my breath, waiting; I just know something is about to happen.  
A grey wolf jumps out from the thick shadows. It lands on the leafy earth, then leaps, jaws open wide, long fangs extended.  It swoops toward the deer, and that deer doesnt even move.  It looks like a statue as the enormous wolf sinks its fangs right into the animals jugular.  The deer swings back and forth in the air, like the movement takes no effort on the wolfs part, and then it lets it go.  The beautiful, fragile deer falls to the ground; dead.
Involuntarily I gasp.  I draw my body behind the tree, hoping to God that the wolf did not see me.  I hold my breath once more, and dont even blink as, instead of a wolf; a naked man steps out from behind the tree, he steps from the scene of the deers slaughter.  The man turns and fixes glowing green eyes on my small brown ones.  His hair is grey, the very same grey as that of the wolf, and there is a smidgeon of deep red blood on his lips.  His body ripples with muscles; ready to pounce.  
I know, beyond a doubt: he is going to do the same to me, as he has done to that poor deer.  I cant step back; the tree is blocking my way.  Somehow I know there is no point trying to run.  Instead I glare into the mans eyes, eyes that simmer with green flames; flames that look like they will burn me.  He pounces, human jaws open wide, revealing fangs; clean and sparkling, like that of the wolf.
An incredible feeling swells in my body, and in my head.  Its like a sparks gone off, triggering something that until now has been buried so deep inside, I never knew it existed.  The spark leaves my head and bathes the air before me in a cloud of light, and in that cloud the man shakes so hard his momentum falters.  He falls to the ground at my feet.  Spasm after spasm rocks his body, and with each spasm he changes; it isnt long until he is more wolf than man.  
Before I can leap away and run; two more men approach at lightning speed, zipping out of the shadows.  One is young, barely twenty; his hair dark and wild, a gun clutched in his fist.  The other is a touch slower, and a lot older; his hair is grey, but not like the wolf; the man is grey with age.  I think theyre coming for me.  The spark inside me ignites . . . but, I realise their eyes are normal, clear of flames, and they are heading for the man; the wolf.  The older man pushes the wolf onto his front and pins it to the ground with his weight.  As the fits start to subside, the younger man plants a bullet in its skull.
Shhh, Shhh, this will help you forget.
Before I even realise what is going on; the older man has plunged a needle into my arm.  All sensations fade into nothingness.
I jerk awake.  Shitthat was so real.  And that guy, the one who killed the werewolfI think he was the guy whos been watching me, while Ive been sitting here . . . only he looked much younger.  Why did I let him sneak into my dream, and influence me like that?
Shit.  What is with my mind?  I am seriously over thinking this.  Now Im not only being anxious, Im also having delusions.  He was merely in my dream because Im obsessing about him.  I should just ignore him.  
Determined to do just that, I stare out of the window until the train starts to slow.  The people around me start shuffling in their seats, preparing to disembark.  I crane my neck to look ahead, and catch sight of the grand glass arch of Waterloo station, then another train matches our speed and my view is cut off.  I look around without thinking, and am surprised to see a vacant spot in the carriage.  The man has gone.  




Chapter 2:  Alice


A SMALL GIRL with enormous brown eyes, faintly red from tears, bounds forwards. 
Here, let me help you, she giggles, smiling warmly.  
I let her take one of my bags and, trying to look confident, I return her smile.  Thank you.
No problem, which room are you in?
Seventeen, next to yours, I think.
Once more she bounds down the corridor, and I cant help but instantly like her.  She waits by my door while I swipe our entry, then she follows me into my room.
I see youve not been here long.
I laugh.  Noticed my lack of unpacking? I raise my eyebrows and she giggles again.
I got here yesterday, so Ive had plenty of time to get my stuff straight, seeing as no-one else was here.
Were you more sensible than medid you at least remember sheets? I say, ripping open the plastic wrappings and starting to make up my bed.
Yes, but my parents brought me, and a whole car load of possessions.  Did you come by yourself? she says, helpfully tucking the sheet in for me.
Umm, yeah.  I had a strange desire for independence, which I seem to be regretting . . .
Bed made; we flop onto the covers.
It looks better in here already, these are really pretty, she says, stroking the tiny embroidered flowers.
Whats your name? I ask.
Alice Jacobs.
Im Erin Lustleigh, I say, holding out my hand, which she shakes, giggling again.
Nice to meet you Erin.  We have to go out tonightplease say you will?
Alright, but . . . Ill need to find something to wear.
Me too, I cant go out like this, she says, gesturing to her ripped jeans, cutesy bear t-shirt and fluffy slippers.
I guess not, I say, and I join her in laughter.  Maybe making friends wont be so hard.
Want to see my room?
I nod, and follow her into the hall.  She pushes open her door, to a room which looks like its already been lived in for a year.  She has black velvet floor length curtains, red silk bedding, a long narrow Egyptian rug; it looks like its been designed for the space, as only a trace of the blue carpet remains to be seen.  Her walls are decked in pretty mirrors, framed photo boards of people I presume are friends and family, along with a selection of moody posters.
I love it! I say, and she beams.  Ive just got to make mine this nice.
I leave her to get changed for our night out.  Back in my room I empty all my possessions onto the floor, searching for shampoo and a not creased outfit.  Products in hand, I investigate the small en-suite; theres a toilet, a mini sink with a mirror and shelf, and to the left is the smallest shower cubical Ive ever seen.  To my amazement; the shower is luxury, and washing off the London grime and travelling stickiness makes me psyched to explore.  Soon Im slipping a red dress over my shoulders and fastening a belt at the waist, and Alice is poking her head around the door I left ajar.
How are you getting on?  Im ready, she adds.
Still gotta do makeup, but Im nearly there.
Oo, let me do yoursplease, she begs.
I inspect her beautiful eyes as she comes to crouch in front of me.  You wont go OTT on me?
I am the master of subtle, youll see.
She runs out of the room, practically squealing, and returns a second later with an ominously large makeup bag.  Alice has dark brown hair, like mine, only hers is shorter, and cut into a chin length bob, which shes expertly straightened into a glamorous twenties style do.  Shes wearing skin tight black jeans with super high heelsthat I could never get away with as Im too talland a shiny halter top.  Her enormous eyes are lined lightly with a brown that matches her irises, and her lids topped with a powdery sheen of white.  On her lips shes wearing a touch of gloss.
I try not to hyperventilate at the unfamiliar closeness as she applies charcoal around my lashes, yet when I check my reflection; I see I need not have worried.  She has made my brown eyes look wider and more appealing, and somehow accentuated the features of my face with carefully applied colour, yet I dont look overdone at all.  
I give my hair a quick blow dry and let it hang loose around my shoulders, then zip on knee length black boots.
Ready.
Minutes later we are out on the street, bright car headlights whizzing past, Alice bounding along by my side.  She is so excited; its contagious.
I spotted a cocktail bar near hereshall we check it out? she asks.
 I nod, not even trying to constrain my smile.  Alice grabs my hand and pulls me through a door, straight into the Caribbean.  The place is packed with groups of young professionals sipping luscious mixes out of tall glasses.  The lights are dim and hypnotic music is making me want to dance; although theres definitely no room.  We squeeze through to the bar and order Mojitos off a man with authentic looking dreads, and a brightly coloured tie-dyed t-shirt.  
I start to feel awkward as we sip our drinks; I hardly know Alice and its so loud in here Id have to shout to speak.  This makes me feel like I shouldnt bother, unless I find something pretty amazing to say.  Im stumped.  Alice looks happy though, so I decide to just let myself go with the flow, enjoy the atmosphere, and see where the evening takes us.
I drain my glass and gesture to the door, but it opens before I can reach it.  Our way out is blocked by a tall dark figure, who, for a moment just stands still, regarding us, and as a taxi goes by I have to squint to see him properly.  The man steps back, gallantly gesturing for us to go first.  Something about his appearance makes him stand out from the crowd, a certain confidence in his stance, and I immediately feel drawn to him.  As Alice nudges me past, I catch his eye, and a glimpse of dazzling blue flame.  But then, he blinks.  He opens his eyes again, and they are merely a perfect cerulean blue.  
Alice grabs my hand, and I realise Ive been staring.  I snap my eyes away, ashamed, and let Alice pull me down the street toward the river.  I cant help but glance behind me as the door to the bar swings closed, plunging the night into silence.  Or so it seems, until a siren snaps me back into focus.
Alice shivers.  That guy was creepy, eh?
Hmmm? I say, distracted.  I feel my cheeks heat as I realise what she saidthat was not what I was thinking at all.  I decide to evade the question.  I guess so.  What do you want to do now?
She gives me a wicked, conspiratorial grin.  Do you have an oyster card?
Sure I do . . . are you thinking central?
Yep, come on, she says, grabbing my hand again and pulling me with her toward the station.
On the train we chat in hushed voices, while watching the night lights whisk past.  My ears pop as the train goes through a tunnel.  I clear them before speaking again.
What are you here to study?
Sociology.  You?
History.
Alice makes a funny face, and I cant help but chuckle, a little.
Yeah, it wouldnt necessarily have been my first choice either, but I got the recruitment letter, and, well . . . my other options werent great.
Recruitment letter?
Like a scholarship, I guess.  The department head was at a higher education fair at college.  I shrug.  Its a mystery to me why they liked me, or why they selected me when Ive never even studied history before, but heyit means I get to go to uni in London.
What A-Levels did you do? Alice asks
Sports Science, Biology and Geography, I say.
She raises her eyebrows in mock horror.
I know, completely wrong for my subject choice.  We both giggle.  What have you studied?
Sociology, Psychology and Biology, she says.
So we have something in common.
Hopefully biology wont be the only thing, she teases.
We pause awkwardly, me hoping that shes right, and then suddenly worrying that we do have nothing in common, and well spend the rest of the year avoiding each other.
Alice nudges me in the arm, and grins, as though she can tell exactly what Im thinking.
What do you think the other people in our hall will be like? she asks.
I cant even imagine, or I could . . . but it would be such stereotypes that Id be embarrassed!
I know what you mean, Ive spent all summer wondering about who I will meet, whether there will be any cute guys . . . so you liked that guy, huh?
What guy? I say, playing innocent.
The creepy one.
No!  I mean, he was good looking . . .
Thats undeniable, she interrupts.
But . . . I dont know.
Creepy, she nods, knowingly.
I dont know about that, but there was something about him. I think of the flash of flame I thought I saw, but it must have been a reflection; the evening is lit by an array of colours, thats one of the things that makes London so appealing at night.
We exit the train at Charing Cross and leave the bright station for the buzzing streets of central London.  A gust of wind blows a strand of hair across my cheek; I tuck it firmly behind my ear as I watch a handful of leaves dancing by, on the paving.  
Then we are whisked into the crowd by a group of rowdy men as they stumble out of the station.  We quickly move on, so as not to be knocked over by a looming play fight.  
Pausing in Trafalgar Square, we quietly watch a fountain.  As the water falls it glimmers and shines.
Where do you come from? I ask Alice.
Near Durham.
You didnt fancy going to uni there?
She shakes her head, and then smiles mischievously.  Too close to home.  How about youwhere are you from?
An unremarkable town in Devon.  
That cuts the conversation dry.  
We wander away from the fountain and join the road to Leicester Square.  I jump away from the pavement, narrowly avoiding a red double-decker bus as it rumbles by.  
I feel the need to inject some liveliness back into our evening.  You like dancing?
Her face breaks into a wide smile.  Yes.  Ive been to a club near here before. She spots my eyebrows raised in query, and quickly explainsIve an older sister who lives in London.  The clubs a little further on . . . you game?
I smile slyly.  I am.
Shortly later, we are shivering in a queue to a large opaque glass structure, trying to fend off boredom.  The earlier drizzle has stopped, and now a dry wind keeps whipping at my skirt and hair.  
A couple of girls our age disappear into the club, but of course the tuxedoed bouncerwho takes up most of the doorway with his bulkhas to stop us and ask for ID.  That happens far too often for my liking.  I guess that, regardless of my height, I still look young.  
We both rummage in our purses; I show him my driving license and Alice shows her passport.  The bouncer nods for us to continue on.  We walk into a dark passageway, star-like ceiling lights guiding us on to the next queue.  
As we stand in line Alice sighs wistfully.  So, you can drive?
Yes, pretty much essential where I come from.  You dont?
She shakes her head.  I tried to learn but . . . I hated being told what to do.
I laugh.  I know what you mean; my driving instructor was mighty bossy.
We each hand over fifteen quid and head into the dark lobby, familiar chart music thudding through the double doors ahead.  Alice does a little excited jump as I push the door open, and let her enter first.  She giggles, grabs my hand, and practically wrenches my arm out of its socket in her eagerness.  
We wind through the crowd until we find a small clear space, then I let my body respond to the rhythm, and feel the words of the song resonate with my soul.  
Im not surprised to see that Alice is a confident, and exuberant, dancer; she flicks her hair and twists her hips seductively, losing herself in fluid movement, seemingly unaware of the male attention shes quickly attracting.  
I spot a group of four sleazy looking men working their way toward us, and this time I grab Alices hand, pulling her off toward the bar.  She doesnt object.  We find a gap and I lean as far over the counter as seems proper, holding a note in my hand, trying to make eye contact with the bartender.  
I buy us our second Mojitos of the night, although these ones are far less special, more the mass produced variety.  
We climb a narrow staircase, and find a balcony, over which we lean, sipping our drinks as we watch the dancers.  I try to point out the men I saw approaching her, so we can avoid them, but I have to shout so loud.  Alice just smiles and nods; Im pretty sure she is pretending to hear me.  
I follow her gaze and let my eyes settle on some teens as they contort and sway, lost to the darkness, moving lights and upbeat tunes.  One of the lights stops to spotlight a woman dancing, much in Alices style, on a podium.  Her sparkly top catches the light as she twirls and dips, playing to the desires of her audience.  I see the same men converge on her, and cant help but roll my eyes.
Alice downs the rest of her drink.  Come onlets dance, she shouts, eyeing my unfinished drink.
Ill finish it on the way down, I say, but as soon as she heads toward the stairs I push my drink into a corner, unfinished.  
I dont know why, but suddenly I feel uneasy; staying sober seems wise.  I hurry after Alice to ensure I dont lose her in the swarm.




Chapter 3:  Blur


I WEAVE ONTO the dance floor, narrowly avoiding colliding with a smooching couple, and guide Alice to a spot as far away from the sleazy men as I can manage.  We dance, surrounded by other young girls, smiling and twirling, and just having fun.  The next hour passes in a blur, and I start to forget that Id been worried at all.  
Exhausted, we stumble off the dance floor and back to the bar.  Alice gets us shots of an intensely blue liquid.  Her eyes sparkling, she holds up three fingers; she puts them down one at a time.  When none remain we tip the drinks into our mouths.  First, Im hit by the strong taste of aniseed, then the liquid burns its way down my throat, and we grin as the buzz kicks in, and bound back onto the floor.
I close my eyes and let the music take over my body, moving without thinking, until Im just too thirsty to continue.
Do you want some water? I shout in Alices ear.
She shakes her head and glances, trying unsuccessfully to be subtle, in the direction of a blond man, whos dancing nearby.  I get the message, so head off to get a drink, alone.  
Ten minutes later Im back on the floor, the feeling of unease returning as I search for Alice, trying to make out her graceful movements and straight features from the multitude of unfamiliar faces.  Finally I spot her, entwined with the man shed been eyeing, her arms wrapped around his back and her head in the crook of his neck, swaying too slowly to keep up with the music.  
I work my way toward them and find a place, not too close, but where I can keep Alice in sight.  I make an effort to catch her eye, and she looks happy, so I dance alone, not finding it quite as easy to become lost to the atmosphere.  
I keep looking at people around me, feeling on edge; the earlier feeling of being watched returning, ten-fold.  I search the balconies for eyes that might be on me, but all I see are party goers having fun.  I think back to the guy on the train, remembering how uneasy he made me feel; studying me, and wonder if its possible he could be out there somewhere, still watching.  
I shiver.  Dont be ridiculous, I mutter.
I force my legs to keep moving to the music, to blend in, and to not let Alice see that Im freaking out; I dont want to set a bad impression, not this early in our friendship.  
A guy I dont recognise starts to work his way toward me.  His features are shaded by the flashing lights behind him, casting his spiky hair in silhouette.  I look away, pretending I havent seen him, hoping he will leave me alone if I ignore him.  
No such luck.  
He places his hands on my waist and starts dancing close behind me, trying to coax me to sway my hips against his.  I pull away, moving toward Alice, but the man only holds me tighter, pulling me against him as he continues to dance.  He is strong, and from the smell of alcohol on his breath; uninhibited.  
I thrust my elbow back, hitting him in the stomach; and, thank god, he takes a step back; giving me the chance to at least turn, to see who Im dealing with.  The guy has angular features, and is wearing a plain white t-shirt.  He has huge muscles; it wouldnt surprise me if he plays rugby.
He sneers, and mouths, No need to be like that.  He steps toward me again, reaching for me.
I step back, but he grabs my arm hard, hurting me.
Hey, let go! I shout, voice blending with the thumping beat.  He ignores me, pulling me against his body.
Im so angry I could hit him, and Ive never hit anyoneand Im also angry that no-one is coming to my aid; Im surrounded by people and not one of them has noticed whats going on.  
I struggle against his grip, but he dances, refusing to let me go, pretending that nothing is wrong.  I know Ive got to stop him before this goes too far, and I am just considering head butting his chest, with everything Ive got.  But, before I have a chance, something surges in my veins, throwing me off kilter; a spark of energyit leaps out like smoke, and the man falters, steps back; he looks dazed, and like he might vomit.  
Scowling at me suspiciously, he turns, and leaves me alone, disappearing into the crowd.
I glance around nervously, wondering if anyone just saw what happened, but everyone is drunk, or on drugs.  Most have their eyes closed and are lost to anything but the relentless noisethats what its become.  Ive had enough . . . I need to get out of here, right now.
I push through the crowd to Alice, who is now kissing the blond guy.  I know she will hate me for pulling her away; but right now I dont care.  I shake her shoulder briefly, and she reluctantly parts lips with the guy, and turns to face me.  I dont know whats showing on my face, but her expression reflects concern.
Ive got to get out of here Alice.  Im really sorry . . .
She nods and her enormous eyes look ready to pop.  She turns and whispers something to her man, who grabs her for one final kiss.  As Alice pulls away, their fingers only separate at the final moment.  She turns and blows him a coy kiss, before he too disappears from view.  
I drag her into the dark entrance passage, away from eyes I felt glued to my back as we struggled through the crowd, to the door.
Whats wrong?
I consider not telling her, but then reconsider; shell think me weirder still if I hide the whole truth, so I decide to just tell her part of it.  Some guy just tried to attack me, I mumble.
What?!  Where is he?  We should report him . . . or something . . . she trails off as I vehemently shake my head.
No, no, lets just go.  I dont want to see him again.
But he might try it on someone else . . .
I dont think he will.  Suddenly I smirk.  I hit him pretty hard.  
I dont bring up the fact it wasnt purely physical force I hit him with; Ive no idea what happened, and dwelling on it can wait until Im alone.
She chuckles.  Sorry I wasnt there to help you, she says, giving me puppy-dog eyes.
Its OK.  I think Ill feel better when were outside.  Im sorry too, about . . .
Dont be.  This time its her whos vehement.  I got his number anyways, she whispers, winking in a conspiratorial fashion.
On the way home we fall into silence; but its not with awkwardness now; we are both just plain exhausted.  Its a good job we left when we did, as we only just managed to catch the last train to Greenwich.  If we had stayed out any longer we would have had to opt for thefar more expensivetaxi option.
Now Im tucked up in bed and, typically, I cant sleep.  Ive closed the window, but can still hear the traffic, and non-stop life of the city.  Unfamiliar creeks and bangs disturb me; its hard to tell whats normal, from what might be a threat.  I cant relax enough to close my eyes, which refuse to rest, and instead dart around the room looking for shadows.  
The curtains are not substantial enough to block out all the light from the street, so a yellow glow permeates around the edges.  As cars pass, their headlights blaring, fresh light penetrates my room; shadows shift in majestic waves across the wall.  
My ears are buzzing, an after effect of the loud club music, and my mind is reeling from the long day of new experiences, new people, new sights, and new places.
I toss my new covers back and sit up in bed.  All is silent next door; my guess is that Alice passed out some time back.  I pace the room a few times, watching more shadows pass, then restlessly approach the window.  I draw back the curtain, push open the window as far as it will gowhich, probably as a result of health and safety procedure, is only a crackand let the night time in.  
I stand on my tiptoes and lean against the glass, peering out into the darkness.  Now its late; the air is fresh, and the cloudy sky a hazy dull orange.  
I cant stop thinking about what happened at the club; the way that strange cloud seemed to come out of my body, how it seemed to affect that man.  It was so . . . creepy.  
Its not the first time something like that has happened.  When I was about fourteen, this annoying kid tripped me at school, and then he laughed.  I was so angry.  I knew he was trying to wind me up; hed had it in to make me feel like shit for who knows how long.  Something inside me just snapped.  I felt the same surge in my veinslike adrenaline, but more powerfuland saw the same cloud of light.  It enveloped the boy, as it did the overly familiar man.  The boy batted the cloud away, puzzled, and then he also narrowed his eyes.  Looking as though he would vomit, he ran off toward the bathroom.  
That time other people did see.  It happened in the school corridor, and I got a few funny looks.  People avoided me for a while, but then time passed and I guess kids started to forget, or never really believed . . . I dont know.  Ive never forgotten though, Ive also never understood.  
I sigh, my eyes starting to droop with tiredness, and clamber back into bed.  I leave the window open, feeling reassured by the hum of life.  I lie still, forcing my eyes to close, to ignore the constant shadows.  As I finally fall asleep, I cant help but wonder what might be wrong with my body  why am I such a . . . an abnormality?  Why am I such a freak?
The rest of the week passes in a blur of activity and new faces.  Gradually the halls fill up and I meet my other flatmates: two girls and four boys.  The kitchen is already a tip, and creating a simmering tension between us all.  
Most of the week Ive spent with Aliceshe has helped to decorate my room, encouraging me to prowl antiques shops for knickknacks, and joined me on a jaunt to an out of town shopping complex to buy curtains.  My room is now my haven.  I have an ornate oval mirror, hanging over the fake-wood desk provided by the university, which I have decked with books I brought, along with some old ones I picked up.  
On my window are long curtains like Alices, only purple, not black.  They are thick enough to block out all light, and to keep those shadows at bay.  I also got earplugs; essential if Im to get any sleep in this place.
Now its Freshers Week.  
My alarm rudely awakened me five minutes ago, so its about time I got out of bed; today is the day my new life starts.  My heart is pounding hard, and I cant help but wonder what Ive let myself in for.  
Brushing off my sweaty palms, I climb out of bed and draw back the curtains.  I blink repeatedly as bright sunlight streams in, highlighting floating dust in the air, making it sparkle.  Yawning, I start my morning ritual; shower, hair, makeup, clothes . . . etc., etc.  
Leaving the confines of my sanctuary, I shuffle into the kitchen and put on the kettle.  I grunt hello to James, whose room is across the hall from mine.  Hes wearing a football shirt, and is nervously nibbling at a piece of toast.  I guess its not just me whos fretting today.  
Alice bounds into the room as Im pouring muesli into a boringly plain white bowl.
Im so excited, she squeaks.
I groan.  Really?  Im nervous.
Nervous.  Excited.  Same diff, she shrugs, smiling with enthusiasm as she pulls a couple of mugs from the cupboard.  Tea?
Please.  Do you want to go to registration together?
Yes, that would be great.
After shes made my tea, I take a small sip, trying to repress the butterflies in my tummy.  I eat my breakfast leaning against the counter, staring aimlessly out of the window at the sky.  Alice chatters away, tucking into a bowl of frosted flakes.  She finishes first.
Meet you in five? she asks.
By my door, I say, as firmly and decisively as I can.
She nods, and skips off down the hall.  I catch Jamess eye; he shakes his head in mock disbelief at her exuberance.  I chuckle.  
I know, I mouth, but shes really nice, I add, trying not to be mean.  
I leave him to finish his breakfast in peace, and return to my room to grab my bag, and Miss Exuberance herself.  Im about to find out what this uni business is really like.




Chapter 4:  Drinking Game


WE SNAKE OUR way through Greenwich.  Its rush hourvast quantities of students and tourists, cars and buses, are creating a frenzy of activity and noise.  A taxi driver beeps angrily as some teens shoot across his path.  Traffic lights shift to green and engines roar to life.  Alice clutches hold of my arm as a bike nearly knocks her off the curb.  
As we enter the University grounds, the atmosphere immediately shifts.  I start to feel excited too; the tall arches and roman-like pillars of the ancient buildings, the manicured lawns and open spaces, people milling around; chatting and looking at books; it all feels so . . . enlightening, stimulating.  
Even the people are different from back home.  There nearly everyone was white, but here theres much more diversity.  Just scanning the area nearby I can see an enormous mix of people; from those native to this country, to other Europeans, to Asians and Africans.  Its a refreshing change.
Alice beams at me, her gorgeous brown eyes wider than usual.  So, where does that map say we should go?
I fold it up and slip it in my pocket.  That way.  
She looks puzzled.  I chuckle, and point to the huge sign ahead which proclaims that REGISTRATION is through a passage, between two pale stone arches.  We pass various open-air stalls, some advertising clubs and societies, others selling posters or university merchandise.  
Flyers advertising parties and events are rammed into our hands as we slowly make our way through the mass of students.  Another sign directs us onward, and its not long before we find the hall.  It is already full of people, most standing silently, the slightest rustle is amplified by staggeringly high ceilings.  
Meet you on the steps outside? Alice asks.  
We have to part company; to join the appropriate queues for our disciplines.
I nod, swallowing nervously as she heads away.  I peer at the various desks, trying to work out where on earth Im supposed to be, when I finally notice theres a list of subjects pinned to the side of each.  
I stand in line, trying not to look too closely at the other people queuing, fully aware Im in the same department as them, and will probably be getting to know some of them pretty soon.  The guy in front shuffles forward, dragging his bag along, using his foot.  
Awkwardness is ripe in the air, everyone avoiding each others gaze.  
A tall lanky guy joins the queue behind me, and gives me a tentative smile.  As the line diminishes in size, we too shuffle forward, and I pull out ID and registration papers.  
I spot Alice walking out, and give her a little wave, but she doesnt see me.
When I reach the desk a young girl smiles warmly, she looks like a student herself.
Erin Lustleigh, I inform her.  
She searches for my name on the list, and when she finds it she formally ticks a box.  I hand her my papers, then stand uncomfortably while she inspects them.  She peers at my face before checking the photo on my driving licence.
This all looks fine, she tells me, passing over a Greenwich University branded bag, containing various booklets.  In there is your programme for Freshers Week, so take a look at that today.  You will be given a timetable later in the week by your year leader.
Thank you, I murmur, and wander away.
Outside I take a deep breath of fresh air, relieved to have got through the first obstacle, and search for Alice.  I spot her leafing through a Greenwich University diary, sitting halfway down the chalky steps.
Hey, I say, sitting down beside her.
Hi!  Check out your bag, its got lots a goodies.
I open it up and pull out a pile of bumph.  I leaf past general uni info, guides on student safety, living away from home, the Students Union, until I find a sole sheet of paper marked Introductory Week for History BA.  I quickly scan the paper to get an overall picture, and exhale with relief when I spot therere only three things I need to go to; not so bad.
Whens your first class? Alice asks.
Hmmm . . . ten a.m. tomorrow.  Its termed Meet & Greet.  Sounds annoying.
Yeah, Ive got the same thing, but at eleven.
A brightly coloured flier catches my attention.  Theres a band at the Student Union tonight, I point out, half interested.
That could be good.  Shall we see what the boys in the hall want to do?
OK . . . so . . . do you have your eye on one of them?
She instantly blushes.
I knew it, I say.  Which one?
She coyly checks over her shoulder.  Rhys, she whispers.
Umm, he is kinda cute.  What about the guy you met in the club?
She looks annoyed.  Hes still not called medont think hes going to now.
Sorry bout that . . .
Im not annoyed at you!  Im angry at him . . . hate it when guys do that.
Yeah.
So what about you?  Do you like anyone?
No, sadly not.
Not at all?
I shake my head.
What about back home, do you have a honey waiting?
I really dont.  I always seem to like guys who are unavailable, I shrug.
Thats not much fun, she pouts.  Maybe youll like someone in class.
Yeah, maybe.
My lack of enthusiasm makes the conversation run out of steam, so we meander around campus for a while, and then get in yet another queuethis time for Student Union membership.
When evening arrives, Alice tells the boys well go in on a bottle of tequila.  We dress up while they go to the shop.  I choose my only other dress, a deep blue shift, clustered around the waist, falling to just above my knees.  I wear it with two silver hearts dangling from my earlobes, and the same black boots that accompany me everywhere.  I brush my long hair until it shines, then apply a little eyeliner and mascara.  My makeup skills dont quite match Alices, but I like to keep things simple.
A collection of feet stomp past and a fist thumps on Alices door.  I think the tequilas arrived.  Tentatively I leave the safety of my room and peek into hers.
Come in! Alice says.
I squeeze past Rhys, the guy Alice likes.  He is on his knees, lining up a collection of shot glasses.  He is good looking, I can see why she fancies him; he has short scruffy hairdark with bright red highlightsand is quite well built.  His eyes practically sparkle with a mischievous energy, but it also seems like maybe hes a touch on the arrogant side; like he knows hes sexy and hes planning to use it to his advantage.  
I squeeze past Alice too, whos squatting next to Rhys, and take a seat on her bed, between James and Louie, another flatmate.
We should play I never, Alice says.
I groan.  Louie, an average height, messy haired kidwho Im guessing will be better looking once adolescence passes and his skin clears uplooks bored, but says nothing.  Rhys and James are all for it, so I lose on this count.
Alice slices a lemon and hands out one piece each.
One shot first, then we start, Rhys says.
We all lick the back of our hands, and then Alice applies salt to our freshly licked skin.  Rhys hands around shot glasses, all full to the brim with golden tequila.
On three, he says.  One . . .  Two . . .  Three!
In union we lick the salt off our hands, tip the drinks down our throats, and then suck the sour lemon.  The instant tequila slammer buzz increases my enthusiasm for the game.  Rhys refills our glasses.
Rules, Rhys intones.  We move around the circle, taking turns to say Never have I . . ..  We drink one sip if we have done it.  No questions.
OK then, Alice says.  Never have I ever thrown up in a pub.
Louis and Rhys sip their drinks.
Eew, Alice says, playfully pushing on Rhyss arm.  Your turn Louie.
Never have I ever had sex on my period.
No-one takes a sip.  Im not sure that impossible things are allowed, says James.
Not impossible for everyone, Louie points out.  Plus, Rhys said No Questions.
Thats no questions if you take a sip, dumb ass, says Alice, rolling her eyes.
I decide to break up the fight.  Never have I ever PLAYED THIS GAME.
James takes a sip.
Never have I ever kissed a guy.
Alice and I both drink.
Rhys:  Never have I ever fallen in love.
Alice looks put out.  Im the only one who drinks.
Alice:  Never have I ever farted and blamed it on someone else.
All three guys drink.  Alice and I laugh.
Louie:  Never have I ever called someone the wrong name while in the sack.
Rhys drinks.  Alice looks even more put out.
Me:  Never have I ever . . . shot a gun.
Louie drinks.  Glasses are refilled.
James:  Never have I ever fancied a friends parent.
I drink, as does Louie.
Rhys:  Never have I ever been arrested.
Louie drinks.
Alice:  Never have I ever been taken to hospital in an ambulance.
Louie drinks.
Louie:  Never have I ever been in a band.
Alice drinks.
Me:  Never have I ever kissed a girl.
Everyone else drinks, including Alice.  I raise my eyebrows at her and she giggles.  I notice Rhys eyeing her inquisitively, and cant help but suspect she just made it up, to attract his attention.
James:  Never have I ever grabbed an electric fence.
I drink.
Rhys:  Never have I ever cross-dressed.
James, Louie and I all drink.
This time Alice raises her eyebrows at me.  WhatI dressed up as Mulder when I was a kid, I say, mock defensively.
No questions, Rhys states.
Alice:  Never have I ever . . . eaten meat.
The rest of us drink.  Glasses are refilled.
Louie:  Never have I ever smoked dope.
The rest of us drink.
Me:  Never have I ever had a broken bone.
Alice and Rhys drink.
James:  Never have I ever peed on a bush.
Yeah right, Louie mutters.  He and Rhys drink.
Rhys:  Never have I ever lied in this game!
Alice drinks.
Alice:  Never have I ever wanted to kill someone, she says, eyeing Rhys with annoyance.
We all drink, laughing now. 
Im just getting into the swing of things for my next Never have I when Louie stands, clutching the wall to stop himself wobbling, and announcesThe band will be starting, lets go.  Then he hiccups and we all laugh again.
I stand, and I do wobble.  Rhys grabs my arm to stop me falling.  Alice narrows her eyes.
The Union isnt far, and on the way I walk as far from Rhys as I can manage, to appease Alices mood.  The others chatter and push each other around, good naturedly, but I just watch their drunkenness, a little amused.  
The Union is down a traditional Greenwich street, with gorgeous tall, brick-faced, Edwardian houses.  Its opposite an open-faced pub, which is spilling at the seams with students.  
Outside the Union itself, we join a queue and all find our new NUS cards while we wait for the bouncers to check everyones ID.  Were not waiting long, and are soon let into the dark and crowded club.  
Alice grabs my hand and pulls me through the crowd, toward the bar.  We end up pushed right into the wood at the front, and have to wait for ages to be served.  I can hear the base thudding through the inner walls, and am anxious to get away from this squash, and dance.  
Alice finally manages to get the bartenders attention, and as she shouts out what wed like, I spot a familiar face ordering further along the bar; the guy Alice thought was creepy, the one with the cerulean blue eyes.  
I try to look away before he sees me watching, but I dont manage it.  His eyes catch mine and for one second I see that trace of fire.  I close my eyes.  When I open them, hes gone.




Chapter 5:  On My Mind


MOJITOS IN HAND, we work our way through the mass of students, through a narrow hall, toward the sound of loud rock.  My eyes peel the crowd for the guy I saw at the bar; what was with the flash of fire?  Surely I imagined itbut . . . is that really likely, when Ive now seen it twice?  
Alice spots the guys at the back of the crowd, beers in hand, and I follow her to Rhyss side as a drum beat rolls through the air, bringing a song to a dramatic end.  The crowd cheers.  The first cords of Mustang Sally ring through the air as the noise dies down.  I cant help but dance a little as I sip away at my drink.  Im now pleasantly tipsy, alcohol swimming in my blood.
Alice tries to cajole Rhys to dance, going as far as holding his hand and trying to pull him toward the throng.  Hes not having any of it.  She has better luck with the other guys, who follow her onto the dance floor like puppies.  Alice leads them closer to the band, so I quickly lose sight of her among the dancers.  Rhys moves to my side.  He touches my arm gently.
So, who was it you wanted to kill? he asks, shouting to be heard over the music, and leaning in close.
My little bro, sometimes he can drive me crazy, I confess, joking.  What about you?
Aliceshes been coming on too strong, he says.
Shit.  I think shes just trying to be friendly, I say, sounding lame.
Yeah, maybe. . . .
Rhys drains his bottle of beer as I take the final minty sip of Mojito.  Do you want to dance now? he asks.     
I nod.  Shall we try and find the others?
I move onto the floor, squeezing and meandering through gaps in the crowd, slowly working my way closer to the band.  A tall Goth kicks off a guitar solo and the students sway, riveted.  
I turn to check Rhys is still with me, and am surprised to see him very close, our eyes level.  He loops his arm around my waist and rocks me to the side, in an inept embrace, his red highlights picking up hints of blue under the retro lighting display.  I twirl out of his grip, uncomfortable, but I keep on moving, trying to pretend everything is normal.  
As I bend and twist, I shoot glances through the crowd, worried that Alice may have seen Rhys holding me.  Rhys is dancing close by my side, but now everyone is close, and I have no choice but to keep swaying.  Hes actually a pretty good dancer, for a guy, more confident than I would have imagined; although maybe thats just the tequila.  The band shifts to a slow tune as Alice bursts through the crowd and shimmies between us.
I lost the others, she shouts.
This time Alice loops her arm around my waist, and Rhyss tooand pulls us in to dance, as a threesome.  Rhys wraps his arm tightly around my waist, protectively.  Shit.  Shit.  Shit.
I need the loo, I say, excusing myself from their grip.
I leave them entwined as I weave my way between other couples, thinking maybe I should get some water, try to sober up a bit.  Im just about to leave the dance floor when someone steps directly in my path.  I raise my eyes, somehow knowing before I see the truth; that the eyes Im going to meet are a perfect cerulean blue.
Hello, he says, his voice low and terribly seductive.
Hi, I mutter, trying to sidestep.
He anticipates my movement and steps in the way.
Would you like to dance? he asks.
I regard him warily, yet Im not able to stop gazing at his beautiful face, his blue eyes smouldering at me, making it pretty hard to refusebut I still remember the fire.
Im going to get some water, I say, trying to step away, again.
Let me.
No, thank you. Like Id let someone like him buy me a drink; its not like I havent heard of the date rape drug.
Again, I try to side step him.
Hey waitI wont hurt you.
OK, thats enoughI cant trust someone who says something like that, however gorgeous he might happen to be.  I wrench my eyes away from his annoyingly captivating gaze, hoping hes not about to try anything he shouldntlike the guy in that Leicester Square club did.  I dont want any new attempts at friendship to be ruined by me producing a weird magical cloud to protect myself.
I need to go.
This time he grabs my hand, stopping me in my tracks.  The second his hand touches mine I stop wanting to leave.  I look back into his eyessuddenly finding his presence comforting, relaxing.  I look down at our entwined hands, confusedwhat just happened?
Lets dance, he says.
I nod, and let him lead me onto the dance floor.  The slow dance has finished and now the lead singer is blaring out the words to an old Blur song: Park Life.  The students are jumping in a mosh, pushing each other around.  For a second I wonder whats become of Alice and Rhys, but then Mr Cerulean Eyes twirls me in his arms and all thoughts of the others evaporate.
Whats your name? I ask, holding his gaze as he guides my body into an uncharacteristically seductive salsasomehow keeping our movements in time with the music, even though the dance itself doesnt fit.
Aaron Knight, he says, his voice deep and melodious.  And yours?
ErinErin Lustleigh, I stammer back.
I cant help but stare at his face now, his lipsthey curve temptingly, and are a subtle red.  My whole body is thrumming at his touch; the way he is holding my waist, the way his hand is touching the bare skin on my arm; its driving me crazy.  I ever so desperately I want to kiss him, want him to kiss me.
As the song ends he twirls me one final time.  And then he lets go.  The air between us simmers as we gaze into each others eyes.  I want him to touch me again, I want to be reminded of how amazing it feels to have his hands on me.  I can feel each place hes already touched me; my skin is singing, longing for more.  
His lip is starting to curl into a sly smile; and I know why; he knows hes got me under his spell, and the problem is, I bloody well dont care; all I care about is getting out of this place and being with him, holding him, getting closer than its possible to be with anybody.  
I let my eyes wander away from his, down past his lips, and let them roam; to see the rest of him; to see what this man Ive suddenly become completely and utterly enamoured by actually looks like.  His eyes are quite heavyset, shrouded by course black eyebrows, which hes raising in subtle mirth.  His hair is a very dark brown, almost black, and its cropped short, maybe even shavedmuch shorter than is usually my taste.  
His skin is very pale, almost unhealthy looking, but this negative factor is counteracted by his obvious fitness; he is wearing a tight black t-shirt which doesnt exactly hide the fact thatand Im not exaggerating herehis body is totally ripped.  
Reluctantly I return my gaze to his face, and once more I catch a glimpse of that fire; although now it doesnt bring on a sense of fearI want to dive into those eyes and devour him.  
Im just about to take a step closer, considering doing just that, when someone grabs my arm.
Erin, the guys want to leavelets go, she says, tugging me away from Mr Cerulean.
I look back to protest, but he is gone.  Huh?
Back with the others, I let them guide me through the flashing lights and noise, back out into the clear night air.  I feel dazed, confused; somewhat empty.  Aaron.  Aaron Knight.  Thats what my body is missing; his touch, his gazethat ridiculously compelling look he was aiming directly at me, like no-one else in the world existed.
Alice interlocks her arm through mine as we follow the guys back toward our hall of residence.
So . . . you decided to give that creepy guy a go then?
Hes not creepy, I reply, my voice tinged with ice.
If you say so.
Before she can say anything else on the subject, I decide to change the topic.
You and Rhys looked cosy, I say, nudging her arm.
She suddenly looks depressed.  I dont think hes interested, she mutters, watching his back as he, Louis and James wander ahead.
Youve got the whole year to persuade him of your charms, I reassure her.  Maybe you should step back a bit, try to get to know him as a friend.  You might find you dont even like him as much then.
Maybe . . . or maybe we should play more drinking games!
Im NOT inIve got to be in earlier than you tomorrow, and I already feel kind of strangeand I dont want to feel like shit when I meet everyone for the first time.
Her face falls.  Whats wrong?
Im not sure, I just feel . . . antsy.
That doesnt sound good.  Look, Im sorry I pulled you away from Mr Creepy, but I really think you should avoid him.  I dont trust him.
I stay silent.
Finally Im closing the door to my room, shutting the outside world away.  I left Alice chatting in the kitchen, and somehow I suspect that taking my advice is not at the forefront of her thoughts.  Mind youIm not planning to take hers either.  I cant stop thinking about that gorgeously fit guy, and the way he touched me.
Aaron, I say, out loud.  I wish you hadnt disappeared on me . . .
Suddenly I feel on edge.  I look over my shoulder to check I really am alonethat its just me in this small room.  I slowly walk to the window, a peculiar fear making me afraid to even look out.  As I reach the glass my breathing quickens.  I reach for the catch and pull it tightly closed, then whip across my heavy curtainsrefusing to look outside.  
I collapse onto my bed and take a deep breathwhat is wrong with me?  I dont need to add paranoia to my problems right now.  I thought Id put thoughts of being watched behind me, after my first day.
I pick up a dirty glass and give it a wash out in my little en-suite sink, and then fill it with cold water.  I down that back then refill it and take the glass to my bedsidedetermined to drink as much water as I can and flush the alcohol out of my blood stream.
I settle down in bed, jam in my ear plugsprepared for when Alice takes the party back to her roomand pull the covers over my shoulders.  I feel safe tucked up in bed, but Im not sure Im going to be able to sleep.  My ears are ringing from the loud band, but even louder is the buzz of my brainrepeating every interaction of the night, over and over, in an annoying loop.  
I feel unsettled at the memory of Rhyss attention.  I feel frustrated by Alices relentless enthusiasm for partying, and her unerring ability to feel good regardless.  I need to work to feel good, in fact; I should work to feel good.  
I toss the covers back and fiddle amongst my belongings on the floor, searching for my alarm clock in the darkness.  I find its smooth cool surface and click the button across so it will wake me at seven a.m.  Probably unnecessarily early, but it will mean I can go for a run before anyone else is even up.  The exercise should wake me up and shake off any nerves about class.  
With that plan in mind I close my eyes again, but before my lids I see the face of Aaron Knight; his eyes flaming bright blue, burning me.
That night I do sleepbut I dream of Aaron; of dancing together, the feel of his hands on my skin, the way he made me know I was somehow safe and more alive than Ive ever been, all at the same time.  I fantasise hes in my room; holding me while I sleepkissing me. . . .  I toss restlessly, but each time I fall back into slumber, I drift into the same dream.
When the buzzing of my alarm wakes me, I groan loudlywhy cant I shake him from my thoughts?  And, I dont even bloody well have his number.  I have absolutely no idea when I will next see him, or if Ill ever see him again.  
Reluctantly I sit and rub away sleep dusttrying to rub away my thoughts.  It doesnt work, so instead I give up and rummage through my cupboard in search of running gear.  All equipped I down a glass of water and head for the door.
Of course, even though Im up early for a student, Greenwich is already alive with traffic and the pavements are crowded with early morning commuters; sombre face and heading for the railway.  I treat the town as a warm up, only starting to jog when I reach the river bank path of the wide Thames.  
I pick up my pace slowly, feeling my feet pound against the smooth tarmac, sidestepping the odd cyclist or fellow runner, avoiding a mother pushing a pram.  But, in general, the riverside feels sparse, almost desolate, next to the huge expanse of choppy river.  I let my eyes trail after boats taking passengers to the city centremeditating on anything but Aaron Knight.  
But, ridiculous as this is; I cant help but look for him around every corner, every alley, imagining him pulling me away from the river . . . distracting me with his body, his lips . . .
I run faster, as fast as I can push myselfuntil my hearts beating so hard Im gasping for air.  I turn back toward the halls at a slow jog, loosening up my muscles, enjoying the feel of power that exercise brings.  Back inside, I bypass the empty kitchen and closed doors, to my room, relishing the quiet of the morning, after the noise of the night.
I take a long shower, washing away not only sweat, but tension, and then plop myself on the side of my bedwondering how I should dress on my first day.  Should I choose something understatedaim to blend?  Or something more adventurousto make myself stand out, and look confident?  Tricky.  
In the end I opt for faded skinny jeans, a raspberry coloured fitted shirt and my short black leather jacket.  I put on just a smidgeon of makeup and tie my hair back in a knot.
The kitchen is still empty so I make a quick cuppa and pour a large bowl of cereal.  I take them both back to my room so I can eat the lot in peace.  I know Im hiding, but I need the solitude to prepare for the day.  I just pray we dont have to sit in a circle and introduce ourselvessomething I could do without; ever.  Once Im done eating, I gather up anything I think I might needpapers, pens, water, wallet, ID, umbrella . . . probably too many thingsand head for the door.  
This time Im confident about my routeafter Alice and I returned to our halls yesterday, I snuck out and rehearsed itso I walk confidently, map free.  The university grounds bring a kind of peace to my soul, soothing my rattled nerves.  I close my eyes and absorb the sunlight, feeling the subtle warmth bathe my skin.  
Then I enter the building, pass vending machines and follow the sterile passage to room 405.  Im five minutes early but the door is open and no-one is waiting outside, so I take a final deep breath, and then plunge into the room.  To my surprise its a tiered lecture theatre, very brightly lit, already half full with students, all sitting silently, self-consciously, no-one wanting to be the first to talk.  
I step as quietly as I can down a couple of steps then nuzzle into an empty seat, on a row only a couple of other people are sat.  They dont meet my eye, but stare unblinkingly at the empty and untended projector up front.  A couple of unfamiliar faces turn and watch me sit down, but they look too scared to as much as smile.  
I take out my water and sip at it to ease my dry mouth.  I watch as more students filter in and select seats, until I finally spot Victoria, another girl from my flat, and give her a little wave.  She squeezes past a couple of people who have joined my row, and takes a seat at my side.  I immediately notice she has gone for the understated looksimple black jeans and top, or maybe thats how she always dresses.
Hi, I whisper.
Hey, have you been waiting long? she whispers back, in a subtly confident Scottish accent.
A couple of minutesno teachers to be seen yet.
As I say that a man walks in.  He looks like hes in his sixties; he has grey hair and his stomach is rather on the rotund side under his stereotypically old school, tweed jacket.  I recognise him from my interview.  He was friendly and tatty, approachable, but with a drawling voice I suspect Ill have difficulty following if hes going to be teaching me.  
He fumbles with the projector until a wonky slide graces the screenwith the words History BA in large letters, and underneath that School of Humanities & Social Sciences in a smaller type face.  If its even possible, the silence intensifies, so I dont take this opportunity to ask Victoria why Ive barely seen her in our hall these last few days.
The lecturer coughs.  Hello everybody.  Welcome to the History Department at Greenwich University.  He clicks a button and another slide appearsthis one unhelpfully also saying Welcome.  I am Professor Greenplank, your year leader.  Im going to take this opportunity to lay out the course structure and introduce you to your key lecturers for this term.
I quickly pull my pad and pen out of my rucksack and jot down Professor Greenplank before I forget it, and as he flicks up a slide with names of the rest of the course team I jot those down toomore to make sure I dont phase out, than because I think it will aid my memory.  He reads out the list of names and tells us which modules each of the professors will be teaching.
Ah, Professor Greenplank says, as the door at the back swings closed.  Here is Dr Flynnewhy dont you come to the front and introduce yourself? he says, with a jovial manner.
I glance over my shoulder as footsteps hit the stairs, and freeze.  Dr Flynne I instantly recognise as the guy from the trainthe one who was watching me.




Chapter 6:  Victoria  


HE DOESNT LOOK my way as he descends, but even without closer inspection, I can tell by his profile that its most definitely him.  Coincidence?  I somehow suspect not.  Yet, I have no idea what this means.
Once at the front, he turns to face us, his square rimmed glasses flashing under the too bright overhead lights.  He is dressed much like before: a paisley shirt, black trousers, even the tie loose at his neck.  I stare at him, willing him to meet my eye, to somehow explain with a look; just what is going on.
Yes, as already said; my name is Dr Flynne.  Ray Flynne.  I will be teaching your Mythology module.  Its at two p.m. on Tuesdaysa two hour slotso, as a fun introduction to the subject, Ill try to keep your interest with tales of popular myth.  I will be covering all the usual movie monsters:  Vampires, Werewolves, Demons . . . and Ghosts.  Well be concentrating on local legend.  Next semester well move onto Ancient Greek Mythology.  Enough said, for now . . .  I look forward to seeing you all in my class.  When he stops talking his eyes skim the new faces, and he smiles slightly.
Ray Flynne nods to Professor Greenplank, and then takes his leave.  I gaze at him, again willing him to meet my eye as he passes, but he doesnt so much as glance in my direction.
As he leaves the lecture theatre another professor enters and the introductions continue.  I take notes, mindlessly, for my thoughts are now wrapped around Dr Flynne and his reasons for watching me on the train.  I want to chase him out of the room and demand an answerbut, what if it really was a coincidence?  
What if he recognised my face from the reels of student applicationsI was recruited after alland was trying to work out why he recognised me?  But then . . . why did he look familiar?  I already recognised him when I saw him on the train.  Could I have seen him when I came to the university for my interview?  I definitely dont remember meeting him, but maybe I noticed him. . . .  
And, what was with that weird dream I had, where I was attacked by a werewolf, and then he killed it?  That dream seemed ridiculously real, almost like a repressed memory.  Its pretty strange that I had a dream that featured Dr Flynne and a werewolf, and now it turns how that hes going to be teaching us about werewolves.  
None of this makes any sense.
Confused, I force my attention to the front as Professor Greenplank introduces another teacher, but the mystery reels through my brain as he talks, and darker thoughts sneak in: what if Dr Flynne has been following me?  What if I was recruited for a reason other than my academic abilities?  What if hes been implanting thoughts into my head?  Shit: what if hes stalking me?
When the lecture wraps up I gather my things, heart pounding faster than circumstances dictate.  The relief in the air is palpable, and other students begin to talk to each other.
Do you want to grab a coffee? Victoria asks, an edge of uncertainty in her voice.
Sounds good.  Why dont we get one to take away and wander into the park?  Ive not had much chance to explore it yet.
We stroll out of the lecture theatre, without having met anyone new.  Victoria walks quietly at my side, her naturally blonde hair shimmering enviously.  We nip into the Student Union to get hot drinks, and then head directly into Greenwich Park beyond.  
The air is cool on my face, whipping my hair around in a flurry.  Yellow and red leaves cascade through the air.  The Royal Observatory dome dominates the centre of the park.  I follow Victoria up the path toward it, careful not to spill my too hot drink.
What did you think of Professor Greenplank? she asks.
I laugh.  Ive met him beforehe interviewed me.
Victoria gives me a knowing look.  Me too.  She pauses, as if unsure what to say.  Shame we didnt get our timetables today.
Yeahweve got two more lectures this week though. . . .  I wonder what theyll be about.
Ive no idea at allour introductory pack wasnt exactly informative.
No.  Did you recognise any of the other teachers?
She looks thoughtful.  No.  Did you?
I wonder whether to confide in her, but decide against it.  Instead I askWhere do you come from?
Here.  I raise my eyebrows in question.  My parents live over that waybeyond the park.
But
I know, my accent.  We moved here from Scotland when I was about ten, but I havent managed to throw it off.
I like it.  If your parents live just over there, then why are you in halls?
I thought it would help me . . . umm . . . fit in better, she says, looking on the uncomfortable side, again.
Makes sense.
How about you?
Devoncommuting from home; not so much an option.
I guess not, she says, then chuckles.  Theres a bench over thereshall we sit?
I nod.  We wander off the path and take a seat under an old sycamore.  I remove the lid from my tea and take a scalding sip.  For a moment we sit in silence, watching some children scoot past; and a young father running to keep up.
Do you want to go to class together tomorrow? I ask.
I cantsorry.  Ive got to meet someone first . . .
I want to interrupt and ask her who, but a slight tension in her voice stops me.
. . . but, she continues, would you want to go to a boot camp session in the park, early tomorrow?
How early?
Seven a.m. she says, grinning impishly.
Alright thenwill be a change from my usual run.  I was worried youd say it was at five a.m.!  Have you been before?
Yeah, its pretty tough.  Do you think youre up to it? she says, the edge of challenge in her voice surprising me.
I laugh, a little uneasy.  Well seeIve never done boot camp.  It will be a good excuse not to stay out too late tonight.
Have you been going to Freshers events?
WellI went to the Union last night to see a band with some people from our hall.  I would have invited you . . . but I havent seen you around much, I say, and then smile apologetically.  Really I wanted to make that last part into a question, but Im hoping shell get the hint and confide without the pressure.  Shes so hard to readI dont want to scare her off with too many questions.
Its alrightIm not really a partier, she says, evasively.
We sip our drinks, continually watching activity on the main path.  A white rapper wannabe passes, singing out loud with his head phones on.  I cant help but share an amused glance with Victoria.  Mainly we just sit in silence, enjoying watching leaves whip around our feet, and small children leaping on crunchy dried leaves, that have clustered in piles around drains.
When our drinks are finished, Victoria stands.  Ive got to pop to my parents to pick up a couple of things.  Meet you in the kitchen, at quarter to seven tomorrow morn?
Yes, Ill be ready.  Have a good day. . . .
I watch idly as she cuts across the grass, walking in the direction she said her parents live.  Its impossible not to admire her lithe movement as she breaks into a gentle jog and takes a path meandering between some enormous trees.
I discard my cup in a bin, and instead of returning to halls, I walk the other wayfurther into the park.  I weave my way past elaborately tended flower beds and along the edge of a lily pad filled pond, where families feed a crowd of hungry ducks, and a fountain spills over a stone mermaid in the centre.
The grass is pretty dry, so I find a secluded spot and sit against a wide tree trunk.  For a moment I watch as a large squirrel gathers acorns in preparation for winter, and then I pull an introductory history text from my bag.  It seems the perfect opportunity to fit in a little preparation for the subject about which I know so little.  
I decide to tackle the parts I find most interesting first; the history of London.  The great fire and the plague seem like approachable subjects.  Kings and Queens I find the hardest to remember; to my amateur eye they all blur into one.  I hope the history of royalty wont be a major part of my course.
Once I get reading I find that, surprisingly, Im absorbed by interesting facts, and find Im even starting to get excited about the subject.  And, most importantlyIm distracted from thoughts of Aaron Knight and Dr Flynne.  
When I get too hungry to concentrate further, I nip to the supermarket and pick up a pizza.  Back in the flat I get the oven heating up and make a hot chocolate; to warm me through after sitting outside for so long.
Alice pokes her head round the door.  Erinyoure back!
I smile at her.  Been missing me?
As a matter of fact: yes.  Ive been moping around here all afternoon, and now I want to go out.  What shall we do?
I groan at the thought of more partying.
Come on, Freshers Week only happens oncewe have to make the most of it, she says, widening her puppy dog eyes at me.
Actually it happens every year, I point out.
Yesbut only this year are we Freshers.
She has a point.  How about a compromise?
She furrows her eyebrows.  A compromise?
Yes.  How about we go catch a movietheres a little cinema round the cornerand then go out for a drink.
She jumps up and down.  OK.
But . . .
No buts, she interrupts.
. . . I will have to go home after that, as I told Victoria Id go to boot camp with her at seven a.m. tomorrow.  Wanna come? I say, knowing too well what the answer will be.
Hmm . . . I dont think so.  Are you slightly crazy? she teases.
Maybe.  Do you want to share my pizza?
She checks out the box and wrinkles her nose.  Vegetarian, remember?
Sorry.  Ill get a vegi one next time.
You dont need to, my fridge is stacked up.  In fact; Ive already had a salad.
Sounds filling, I tease back.
She rolls her eyes.  Ill go get my computerwe can find out whats showing tonight.
Cool, I say, giving my hot chocolate a final stir, and sticking my ham and pineapple pizza in the oven.
Alice bustles back in and sets her laptop on the table.  I take a seat next to her and enjoy my drink while she connects to the university wifi.
How was your first lecture? I ask.
Scary.  We all had to stand and introduce ourselves.  I was so nervous, Ive forgotten every-ones names already.
Ugh, sounds horrible, I empathise.  I am so glad I escaped that.  It was just a lecturer introducing our modules and other subjects, and Victoria sat next to meso it wasnt too bad.
I havent seen her around much.
No.  Her parents live nearby so . . . maybe shes been spending time at home.
Shes probably got loads a friends around here alreadyshe must have gone to school and college locally.
Yeah, but she said shes not much of a partier.
Well have to try and convince her! Alice says.  Shes quiet for a minute as she runs a search.  There we go . . .
Anything good on? I ask.
The oven timer dings.
Ill read the descriptions while you eat.
She stares at the screen silently, while I fetch my pizza and start to tuck in.
Eventually she saysTherere only two films on at appropriate timesa romantic comedy which looks good, or a gangster type film, starring George Clooney.  That doesnt really appeal.  She pulls a funny face, making me laugh.
Romantic comedy it is.  How much time do we have?
She checks her watch.  Thirty minutes.  She shuts her computer and leaps up.  Im going to get ready, she says, waltzing out of the room.
I wolf down my pizza and hurry to my room, to do the same as Alice.  Ten minutes later were off out the door, Alice looking mightily cute in a flowery dress which gathers under her breasts, and hovers at her ankles.  I havent changed; I just touched up my makeup and gave my hair a quick brush.  
It literally only takes two minutes to get to the small independent cinema.  Warm lighting welcomes us, as we step off the dark road.
I need to pee, Alice says.
Go ahead.  Ill get your ticket.
I join the queue as Alice bounces through a side door.
Hi Erin, a voice saysa voice I recogniseever so close to my ear.
My heart skips a beat.  I turn and smile, excited to see flashes of blue flame, in two beautiful cerulean eyes.




Chapter 7:  Mr Self-Assured


HI AARON, I stammer, my cheeks heating to an embarrassing degree.
Take this, he says, handing me a small piece of paper, which looks like its been ripped off a pad.
What? I say, as I reach out automatically.
Our hands touch as I take the paper fragment: immediately I feel both immensely relaxed, and like I want to grab and ravage him in front of the cinema desk.
Ive got to go, he says.
Unfortunately this sentence causes an unpleasant wrenching in my stomach.  I dont want him to leave.
I hear the door to the lavatories swing open, and turn to see if its Alice, apprehensive about how she will react to Aaron.  When I turn back to him, hes gone.  Again.  How does he do that?
Are you OK? Alice asks.
Im fine, I say, slipping the piece of paper into my pocket.  I will look at it later, when Im alone.
You look flushed, Alice accuses.
Do I? I say, trying to sound innocent.
Shes just about to reply when were interrupted by an impatient high pitched voice.  Can I help you?
Sorry, I say.  Please can we have two student tickets to the Rom Com?
We chose seats right at the front and settle down to the trailers with a large carton of popcorn to share.
Do you think well see Rhys tonight? Alice whispers.
I shrug.  Shhh, I say, but teasingly.  Youre bound to see him soonyou do live together.
She nods and crosses her legs, munching popcorn with a crease between her brows.
I can feel the piece of paper folded in my pocket, and feel too impatient to wait until later, to find out what it says.
ActuallyI need to pee too.  Ill be back in a sec.
She nods.  Be quick.
I sneak under the fluorescent lighting in the hallway and pull the scrap free.  I read it quickly, it says:  Call me, Aaron.  Underneath that; a mobile number is scribbled, as if he was in a hurry.  I cant help itI break into the biggest grin.  I feel like doing an Alice and jumping on the spot, but restrain myself from giving in to that instinct.  I slip the paper away and return to Alices side.
About time, she mutters, rolling her eyes at me.  The cinema lights dim further and the film flashes onto the screen.
I grin at her, and take a handful of popcorn.  Enjoy the film, I whisper.
She looks at me, and I just know she wants to ask me whats got me so excited, but the film starts at the perfect time, and I am saved from more questions.
As soon as I get back in my room I whip the paper back out, and run my fingers over the textfeeling the deep impression from a firm writing hand, studying the perfect curves of the letters, even though it seems they have been written quickly.  I wonder . . . did he scribble the note when he spotted me from outside . . . or did he have it prepared, just in case?  Either way, Im happy . . . and I want to text him right now.  But I know its too soon.  I dont want to put him off by seeming too eager.  
Im too psyched to sleep, so I pull an old classic off my desk, to read by the dim light of a lamp, and recline against my pillowsintent that I will distract myself with To Kill a Mockingbird.  I will not text Aaron Knight until after boot camp tomorrow.
I wake early, book still on chest, light still on.  I turn over and groan when I see the luminous red numbers of my alarm; its five a.m.  Thats too early for any sane person.  I get up and snap off the light, then jam in earplugsbut its no use: Aaron has surfaced in my mind and he wont leave.  I can almost feel where his fingers touched my hand last nightits like he has lingered with me, way past the duration of his company.  I want him here with me now, holding me in bed, kissing my neck. . . .  Aaron Knight. . . .
Its like my body is calling to him, coaxing him toward me, pulling him into my web.  Its taking a concerted effort not to reach for my phone this instant, and ask him to meet me now.
I dont fall back to sleep, but stay in bed until my alarm buzzes at a still hideously early six a.m.  I dont think I can manage boot camp without fuel, so I stumble, in a daze, into the kitchen.  Im still wearing my clothes from last night.  The fluorescent lights are quite unwelcome as I make a tea and pour muesli.  
Breakfast in hand, I sneak back down the hall to consume breakfast in bed.  I cant stop visualising Aarons face, so I pick up the book off the floor and fumble for my place, pulling at the curtain so I can read the text without straining my eyes.  I give up on that idea when I realise its still dark out.
I scrub at my teeth and equip myself in sports bra, running tights, trainers . . . the whole shebang.  Yawning sheepishly, I return to the kitchen to meet Victoria.  Boot camp passes in a blur of icy air and extreme exertion, to the back drop of sunrise over Greenwich Park.  
Victoria is impressively fit, and obviously excels at the routine.  I have some brushing up to doparticularly my upper body strength.  I suspect my arms and stomach muscles will be killing tomorrow.  Regardless of this, we agree to make boot camp a weekly date.
Victoria shoots off afterwards, and leaves me to lust over Aaron Knight in peace.  
I jog back through the park and take back streets through town to reach our halls, taking a brief break from thinking of a certain extremely sexy man, to ponder Victorias continual elusiveness.  She seems friendly, and like shes keen to be friends.  But, I dont get why she never gives any details about where shes going . . . or where shes been.  She said she was leaving for a meeting . . . but; its too early in our course for such things, isnt it?
I let myself back into the flat and quickly wave to Louis and James, who are munching on toast while skimming trashy newspapers.  In my room I take my phone off charge and flop onto my bed:  I am going to text Aaron right now.  
I take his message off the floor, picking it up gently so Im sure not to crease it, and hold it in my hands, heart thudding away against my ribcage, hands sweaty; both nothing to do with the exercise Ive just completed.  I select new text but am suddenly stumped as to what I should say.  Should I ask him out on a date?  How soon . . . ah shit . . . this is painful.  What if he doesnt reply?  What if I see him again and its awkward?
I roll onto my back and close my eyes, thinking it through.  Content I have my answer, I return to my tummy and type . . . 
Hello Aaron, this is Erin.  You gave me your number at the cinema . . . and then mysteriously disappeared ;)
My thumb hovers over the screen for one long moment, and then I bite the bullet: I press send.
The phone vibrates an instant later, nearly giving me heart failure.  
Meet me tonight.  Pub by Cutty Sark.  9pm.  
WhoaMr Self Assured.  A deep part of my mind realises that if I wasnt completely and utterly in the throws of his charm; I would be annoyed.  Yet completely the opposite is true.  I have no questions about meeting him tonight.  In fact, it seems much too far away.  How will I make it through the day when I know Im seeing him later?  
Shit.  He better show.  This better not be a mean joke.
I stick on some American rockViolent Femmesas loud as I figure I can get away with at nine a.m., and hit the shower.  I while away the morning pampering my body, and when Ive had as much of that as I can handle, I go back to the History text, trying to prepare for my two o clock classhaving no idea what to expect.  
When the time arrives I wander slowly through the town centre, holding a scarf tightly around my neck, protecting myself from the icy wind which has intensified since this morning.  I sneak into the back of the lecture theatre at exactly two o clock, taking a seat next to the lanky guy who said hello at registration.  I spot Victoria a few rows down, but its too late to join her now.
Morning Freshmen, Dr Flynne says.  His voice is amplified; it rings through the room.
I jerk my eyes up in shock, and that instant; they connect with his, and I swear he recognises me.  But then, his eyes are on the students at the front, and Ive no clue if I imagined it or not.
Are you OK? the lanky guy whispers.
No.  Umm.  Yessorry, I say.
You look pale.
Nerves, I whisper, smiling in what I hope is a friendly way, when my mind is swarming with further possibilities.  My thoughts of stalkers, conspiracies, etc., etc. are interrupted by Dr Flynne continuing.
Professor Greenplank has been taken ill, so I said Id fill in.  Im following his plan, so . . . when youre cursing about this exerciseblame him.  Right, Im going to read out lists of whos in which tutor group, and after Ive finished reading out everyones names; I want you to all gather in your groups, then I will set your task, he finishes, gracing us with a good naturedyet slightly sarcasticsmile.
He flicks a sheet of plastic at the projector, and up spring the tutor group arrangements.  He proceeds to read them out.  I cant see my name on the slide, so I concentrate hard on what hes saying.  After each group listing he points to an area of the lecture theatre where that group should meet.  He changes the slide, revealing another long list of names.  I quickly spot mine, and my stomach flutters with unease.  I suppose I should have known . . . 
And in my tutor group are: Victoria Peet, Erin Lustleigh, Tom Pearson . . .
I dont hear the rest of the names as my heart is pounding in my ears, and I miss where he tells us to meet.
Alright then, please gather in your groups.
For a second there is silence, but then everyone shifts at once and shuffling ensues.
Whos group are you in? the lanky guy asks.
Umm . . . Dr Flynnes, I say, keeping an eye on Victoria, so I dont lose her.
Oh, Im in Professor Stiles, he says, looking disappointed.
See you, I say, and he smiles in return.
I spot Victoria reaching the far right hand corner, below the projection screen, so work my way down the tiers to meet her, dodging confused students on the way.
Hi, I say, sliding onto a bench at her side.
Aching yet? she says, grinning.
No, I imagine the pain will kick in soon.
I look at the others gathered by us: there are two more girls, and three boys.  They all look fit and confident, making me feel inadequate.  Another girl joins us and sits near my feet.  She has naturally red hair, tied back in a pony-tail, and a splatter of freckles across her nose.  She smiles and says hi.
Silence falls.  Dr Flynne speaks.  Now I want you to do a quick projectas a group.  Chose a subjectany subjectit doesnt need to be anything to do with history.  Go and research it in the library, then put together a five minute presentation.  You wont be able to get books out yetthe library tour is tomorrow and you can all register for cards then.  Just find the area for your chosen subject, gather info, and be back here in an hour and a half . . . to perform.
Shit.
A second later someone echos my internal voice.  Shit.  What are we going to do?  Its the redhead, and she looks as nervous as I feel.
I dont answer as I spot Dr Flynne approaching, behind her.  Hes not looking at me specifically.  In fact, to me it seems hes trying not to look directly my way.  Maybe its my imagination, or maybe its because I look on the verge of panic, or maybe . . .
Hi, just thought Id introduce myself, before you do your research, he says.
Hi, we all mutter back, Victoria most confidently of us all.
As hes not looking at me I can examine him at ease.  Today hes gone for a different look; casual, unintimidating.  Hes wearing black jeans and with a dark blue jumper.  He still has a trace of stubble, and his close cut hair is appealingly tousled.  He brings his green eyes to meet mine, and I realise everyones been telling him their names.
Im Erin Lustleigh, I say, blushing furiously.  I want to hide under my rucksack and never be seen again.
Hi Erin, he replies, immediately looking back to the others.  Ill be arranging individual meetings as the term progresses, to check how youre settling in.  If you need me before that my office is on the third floor of this building.  He moves away.  Glancing back he saysSee you back here soon.
We all start, having forgotten about our task.
Library, Victoria says.
We follow her out of the lecture theatre.  One of the guys speeds up and talks to her, so I stay back and the red-haired girl walks by my side.  Im still contemplating an individual meeting with Mr Flynne, when she breaks my thought train.
Hi, its Erin, isnt it? she asks.  Shes quite petite, and is wearing leggings with a simple long jumper, pulled tightly at her waist with a wide brown leather belt.
Umm . . . Im sorry, but I cant remember your name.
Its Sam.  What on Earth are we going to do this talk on?
I dont knowbut I do know one thingit wont be very good!
She giggles, and we trot to catch up with the others.  A few twists and turns through elegant passages bring us to the grand library.  Dr Flynne is already there, holding open a barrier for us to pass.  He doesnt meet my eye as I go through.
Sam and I hurry on.  Victoria leads us into a meeting room and we all pull up chairs.
We need to hurry, Victoria says, taking the role of leader.  Does anyone have a topic idea?
Sam is silent at my side, and my mind is too filled with thoughts of other things to focus, but a tall guy wearing a shirt and waistcoat leans in and, with a conspiratorial whisper, he suggestsGhosts.




Chapter 8:  Ghosts


ANY OTHER IDEAS? Victoria says.  
We all shake our heads.
Ghosts it is.  She draws out a pad.  Lets brainstorm a few ideas to research, pick one each, then get to it.  If we each write one or two paragraphs: that should add up to about five minutes talking.
Were all silent.  Victoria looks at us pointedly.
Ghosts and their history in Greenwich, I say, thinking of what Dr Flynne said yesterdayabout us studying local mythology.
The others quickly fire off a few more ideas, and I select my own to research.  Just the idea of standing in front of all those people and talking about anything; is causing my hands to sweat uncomfortably.  The tall guy nips out of the room and accosts a passing librarian.  He returns with the whereabouts of the Ghost section.
When we find it; Victoria informs us we have one hour to do the task, and get back.  I perform a quick scan of the shelf and am pleased to find a volume called The History of Paranormal Sightings in Greenwich, in no time at all.  
I flick it open and eagerly peruse the contents.  Ghosts is first up, but I cant help a quick skim downward; Vampires, Werewolves, Demons, Witches, Fairies . . . they all catch my eye, among other less familiar paranormal entities.  
I never would have thought Id end up studying such things.  I can see Ill be returning to take out this book, just as soon as I get my library card.
I take a seat at a study desk and open the relevant section.  I practically copy the first paragraph, just making sure I change enough so I wont be accused of plagiarism, and then hurriedly jot down a few famous sightings and their locations.  Once I think Ive written enough I mouth the words in silent practice.  
I have five minutes to go over it before we have to get back.
There is a long history of ghostly sightings right here in Greenwich, including at the University itself.  The first ever historical sighting of a ghost in Greenwich was at the Royal Naval College, then Greenwich Hospital, in 1725.  Since then scholars have assembled numerous reports of paranormal activitynot only ghostly apparitions and poltergeists, but also unexplained noises, and even unsolved murdersand compiled them in texts which are kept in Greenwich University Library.
A few famous sightings include the Wizened Old Man who has repeatedly been spotted by workers at Greenwich Observatory, The Twins, a couple of teenage boys who are renowned for appearing in the University Great Hall at Halloween, and in Greenwich Church, the scariest of all (in my opinion): a baby is often heard crying in the bell tower.
As we hurry back to the lecture theatre, I cant help thinking; its a shame we didnt have time to pop to the pub and do a couple of shots of tequila.  I dont know how Ill stop my hands from shaking when the time to speak arrives.  
Fortunately we are called on first, and the eight of us anxiously approach the lecturers dock.  Victoria introduces our topic, and then beckons me to the front.  I read out my notes, making myself glance up at the sea of nervous eyes, but I refuse to look toward Dr Flynne.
I manage to get the words out, but not without burning cheeks.  I can tell people are listening, as a few heads look warily about the room as though expecting to see a ghost right here, in the middle of a crowded lecture theatre.  As Victoria introduces Tom and asks him to step forward, I slink to the back and take a silent sigh of relief.  I did itsurely nothing Im going to experience at uni will be as nerve wracking as that.
I phase out as Tom, the boy who suggested the subject, discusses whether ghosts are fact or fiction.  As he talks its impossible not to worry about why Dr Flynne looks so familiar.  I try to think back to my pastsurely there must be a memory deep in my brain; I can almost feel it, but cant quite touch it.  Could it possibly be something connected to my dream?  No.  Thats completely impossible.  Werewolves?  Really?  I cant believe Im even considering that they could exist.  It must be something else.  
Frustrated, I give up as the next group take the floor.  I make a decision: when I have an opportunity, I will swallow my fears, and just ask him if weve met before.  
Decision made, task over, my thoughts are free to stray back to Aaron Knight, and our impending evening alone; my stomach flutters with excitement.
Dr Flynne dismisses the class once the final group has finished.  I hurry awaytoo much going on in my mind to be in the mood for socialising.
I take a walk in Greenwich Park to kill time.  When I return to the flat to make dinner, the whole place is buzzing with activity; Alice, Rhys, the other guys, even Victoria; are all in the kitchen.  Beer is being consumed, voices are loud.  I dont think Im even noticed as I slip past and dump my rucksack in my room.  
I crouch down to study the contents of my fridgedetermined to make something healthy, even if I am in the midst of a party.  I select stir-fri noodles, king prawns, garlic, onion, red pepper, and a hot chilli pepper.  Cradling them in my arms I make my way to the kitchen, going in as Rhys is leaving.  He smiles coyly at me, then taps my bottom as he goes past.
Hey! I complain, but he runs down the hall before I can retaliate.
Alices greeting is less warm than usualI suspect Ill find it easy to get away later.  Victoria, sipping a can of lager, joins me by the counter as I dump the ingredients on a clear piece of worktop.
You were amazingly confident in class earlier, I say.
She shrugs.  Im used to presentationsI was in the debate team at school.
That explains it.  I thought what we had to do was horrifying, I say, and shudder for effect.
She laughs.  Alice has persuaded me to go to the Student Union with you all this evening, she confesses.
I dont think I can go, I say.
Oh.  Got a date?  Alice says, approaching from behind me, as I chop the onion; breathing through my mouth to try and fend off tear inducing chemicals.
As a matter of fact, I have, I say, blushing.
Anyone we know? Victoria asks.
Please say its not the creepy guy? Alice says.
Heyhes not creepy! I say, on defensive.
Alice rolls her eyes.
Creepy how? Victoria asks.
This time its Alice who shivers.  I cant say what it istheres just something off about him.
I like him, I say, turning away from them and pouring a little olive oil into a wok.
He is seriously hot, Alice whispers to Victoria, behind my back.
I look over my shoulder and scowl at her.  I intended the effect to be humorous, but I fear it actually looked cold.  Alices face freezes.
Casually, Victoria asksWhere are you meeting him?
I hesitate briefly, but then I reason there cant be any harm in telling her.  That pub by the Cutty Sark, at nine.
Its a good pub, she says.  I get the impression shes attempting to defuse the tension thats arisen.  Ive been there a few times.
I havent been yet, I say, feeling lame.
Well, were not off to the Union till lateryou could always join us after your date, Alice saysIf it doesnt work out . . .
I just need to pop out for a bit, Victoria says.  She spots Alice about to object.  Ill be back before its time to go out, she reassures her.
See you soon, I mutter, as she whisks out of the room.
Ugh, she never stays around for long, Alice grumbles at me, before leaving me alone to cook.  She joins James and Louis at the table, who are possibly playing poker; they are competing for small coloured disks, not money.  As soon as Rhys comes back in; she giggles loudly at a comment from Louis.
I add the final ingredient; king prawns, and give my meal a good stir until the prawns have turned pinkthen I scoop the whole lot into a giant bowl and join them at the table, to watch the game.  Rhys pushes a beer my way, and I dont refuse; its still two hours until Im meeting Aaron, and moping in my room till then wont make the time go any faster.  Although, food eaten, watching poker doesnt do much to kill the time eitherand I feel too restless to even contemplate learning the rules.
After Ive finished my beer I leave them to it, deciding to start getting ready.  My fingers fumble with my phone, and I bring up the text from Aaron.  I long to press reply and ask him to meet me earlybut no, I will not do that.  I drum my fingers aimlessly for a while, then stick the Violent Femmes back on, drowning my thoughts by singing along, while brushing my hair for considerably longer than necessary.
I find a warm beret at the back of a drawer and pull it snugly over my head, retouch my eyesgoing for the smoky lookand slide some silver cords into my ears; delicate butterflies dangle from the end of the woven chain.  
It is too cold out today to wear a dress, and anywayId worry hed think Im making too much effort.  So instead I leave on my jeans and V-neck t-shirt, but cover the ensemble with the warmest jumper I own, my thick black scarf, and top the outfit off with my white trench coat, tying the belt at the waist to try and make the outfit look less chunky.  
I cant wait any longerat least if I go for a walk; my feet will be moving, walking off some of the circulating adrenaline.
I quickly wave to the poker players in the kitchen, but disappear through the door before Alice can ask me why Im headed out so early.  Icy air ruffles my free hair, so I tie it in a knot and tuck it into my hat, then pulling my scarf tight I walk through Greenwich.  Little candlelit restaurants, and noisy bars, beckon me with their warmth, but right now I feel like the freedom of walking along the river at night, watching reflecting lights shimmer off the Thames.  
But, when I reach the river, the night is darker than I had imaginedit seems cold and dangerous away from the bright lights of the lively centre.  I consider turning back, sitting on a bench and watching the time pass me by, but something draws me on . . . a feeling I should continue.  
I walk along near the railing, peering over the edge at the water, lapping against the concrete wall, only just catching enough light to make out the gentle froth thats gathered in the wind.  I dont feel the freedom I craved, instead I feel on edge . . . but I still have half an hour to kill.  I continue on, taking the occasional glance over my shoulder, wary of being followed.  But the night is quiet . . . too quiet.  I can see a bar ahead, outdoor seating empty, glasses abandoned.  I shiver, and decide, reckless as Im feeling, to respect my better judgement.  
I turn, but as I do, I see a couple emerging from an alley, clothed in shadow.  A passing river cruiser lights the shore with a focused beam, shifting past the pub, toward the couple.  As it hits them I freeze, noticing two things at once; the girl is wrapping a scarf over her neck, but Im pretty sure I caught a glimpse of blood before her pale skin was covered by thick wool; the guy is Aaron Knight.  
Heart pounding, just about to sprint away; I too am caught in the beam.  At that moment Aaron looks my way and I know its too late to escape.  His eyes fix on mine.  Then the beam leaves us and were plunged into darkness.
I can still see his silhouette, but hes about thirty metres awayI know I have to take this opportunity to get away.  I sprint back toward town, the sound of my feet thunderous in the quiet, the river turning into a blurry black cloud as my eyes fill with tears; due to fear, betrayal . . . and the chill bursting against my skin.
Erin!
I know its him, following me, but I dont stopI dont want to hear it.  An instant later hes skidding to a stop, somehow in front of me.  I consider running back the other way, but to what?not safety.  Instead, I face him.  
He looks different, somehow.  Theres more colour in his skin and his hair looks longer, darker.  His eyes are blazing with fire.  I have no doubtI know I am not safe. 
I am tall, but he is a head tallersomehow I never noticed before.  He is dressed all in black, right down to the leather jacketand something about him reminds me of a wraith.  I now know; can almost feel it, right in my boneswhat Alice meant before.  I want to kick myselfI should have trusted her judgement.
I am not going to hurt you, he soothes, coating me with the musical tones of the seductive sound.  His mouth splits into a full smile, enchanting, and the fire in his eyes recesses to their depths.
Right now would be a good time for my strange magical ability to kick inbut its like Im being slowly blanketed in Aarons charm.  I step forward, my feet no-longer under my command. 
Give me your hand, he teases, his cerulean eyes holding me in his sway, his thrall.
My hand elevates, floats toward him, like its not even a part of my body, yet; as soon as he touches my hand with his cool fingers; my hand hums back to life.  I meet his eyes in awe, and he rubs his thumb against my palm, soothing my soul, putting me at peace with his presence . . . more than at peaceelated, to be with him.
Still want to go get that drink? he asks.
I nod, hopelessly compelled; I would do anything he asks.  I know it, yet, for some reason; Im not scared.  Nothing frightens me now; nothing can upset me while by his side, while hes touching me, sending delicious tendrils of scrumptious feelings through my blood stream.  
I do know theres something I should be asking him . . . but, whatever it is has faded into insignificance, next to his complete and utter sexiness.  I want to wrap my arms around him here, and pull him into the dark . . .




Chapter 9:  True Colours


I LET HIM drag me toward the bar.  He doesnt let go of my hand, thrilling me with the gentle circles as he plays with my palm.  At the door to the pub he pulls me closer to him, my stomach pressing against his, and he meets my eye.  I can see flames dancing within the blue.  
Ever so slowly he lowers his head, as he entwines his free hand around my waist, under my coat.  The air between us simmers with electricity, my body humming with anticipation.
The pub door opens, blasting warm air on my face, breaking the moment.  Aaron catches the door as two well wrapped men leave.
Later, he whispers, in my ear; so only I can hear.
I let him lead me to the bar, even though the last place I want to be is surrounded by noisy boozy people.  The thing I want most . . .
What would you like to drink? he says, his voice caressing my skin like hes all over me, inside me.
Reluctantly my eyes leave his firm body, and I skim the bar for ideas.  A cocktail poster catches my eye and I sayA Margarita please, barely thinking straight.
He orders two.
As the bartender makes our drinks Aaron doesnt so much as stop caressing me; its driving my body crazy, my mind wild.
A surge of young males push us closer to the bar, and Aaron shifts his weight, not letting go of my hand, but he leans my back against his body, sliding his free hand around my waist and holding me firmly against his chest.  He runs his mouth from my chin to my ear, and I feel his breath on my skin, smell his breath on the airsweet, fragrant.  He inhales deeply at my neck, pulling my body even tighter against his.
The bartender slides our drinks across polished wood, and Aaron hands him a note.  Letting go of my waist he passes me one chilled and salted Margarita.  Taking the other drink, he pulls me back into the crowd, not bothering to wait for change.
He guides me toward a curving bench, high backed, at a circular table.  The bench opposite is already occupied by a couple of female students, lost in conversation; they barely notice us.  Aaron motions for me to go in first.  He slides in next to me.  
He lets me go so I can slip out of my cold weather gear.  I let my eyes feast on his body as he removes his jacketall hes wearing underneath is a tight black t-shirt.  His cerulean eyes meet mine and he smiles.  My heart flips.  I cant keep away from him, and as he lifts his arm I slide into his embrace; more than willing.
Drink, he orders, not brutallyhis voice laced with silk.
I comply with his wishes, and cant help but enjoy the salty sour tang.  Feeling giddy; I drain the glass, and he slides the second before me.
Are you a student? he asks, his voice low, but carrying clearly over the background rumble, as though everyone but us has faded away.
Yes, its my first year.  How about you?
No.
But I saw youin the Union?
He shrugs, placing his free hand on my thigh, his fingers slowly caressing the inner rim of my jeans.
Will anyone miss you . . . if I dont take you home?
I gulp, and watch flames run riot in the cerulean.  His fingers trail up my stomach, over the thin material of my t-shirt, up my neck . . . to my jaw.  He trails them up and down, tenderly, soothing me, making my body turn to mush and my brain to goo.  I grab his neck and pull his lips to mine; hungrily, possessed by need.
He returns my kiss, but gently, hesitantlylike hes holding back.  I want to kiss him harder, a natural response to the increasing speed of his caresses, my skin burning beneath his touch.  I have never wanted anyone so badly in my life.
I break away from his lips.  Can we get out of here? I ask, biting my lip to prevent a moan escaping as his hand strokes the skin at the nape of my neck, pulling hungrily for my lips to return to his, the fire in his eyes consuming me.
He holds back for a moment, as though considering the most appropriate course of action.
Finish your drink first, he says.
I wrench my eyes away from the flame, and have to concentrate hard to make my eyes adjust to the dim light of the pub.  When my vision clears; I pick up my drink, and take a sip, noticing the girls sharing our table have left.  I cant drink as fast now, my head is swimming in Aaron, my body bathing in his scent.  
Someone, possibly familiar, slides into the seat opposite, as I lick salt from the cocktail rim, and off my swollen lips.  Then that someone is joined by another familiar face.  I feel Aaron tense beside me.  His hand drops from my neck, and a second later I feel more myself again.
Hi Erin.
I concentrate really hard, trying to work out who the faces belong to.  Finally my mind clicks back into place.
Victoria.  Alice!  What are you doing here? I ask, aware of an uncharacteristic slur making my words blur together.
Alice looks alarmed, and eyes Aaron with disgust.
Victoria speaks, eyes narrowed.  You should leave.
For a second I am confusedis she talking to me?then I realise shes looking at Aaron, and her blue eyes are full of authority.
No, I slur, releasing hold of my drink and grabbing Aarons arm.  I turn to him, and see his eyes have returned to an opaque ceruleanall signs of flame gone.
He pries my fingers away.  Later, he whispers, once again, his voice too suggestive to resist.
I grip him harder.
He touches the back of my neck, his fingers resting once more on my skin.  I instantly relax.
Later, he says.  This time I let him go, unable to do otherwise.
Aaron rises, taking his jacket and turning away, not sparing Alice and Victoria even a cursory glance.
Alice leaves Victorias side in a second, and is on the seat next to me.  Erinwhats he done to you?
My eyes fill with tears, confused by Aarons departure, drunk from his presence, his touch.
Suddenly I feel sick.  I look at Alice, beseechingly.  Get me out of here, please . . .
Alice and Victoria shuffle out of their seats, help me get my layers back on, then each hold one of my arms as we pass standing drinkers; gathered in small groups.  Outside the ice cold air brings me further back to myself, and questions begin to trickle inbut they are pushed back by an unwelcome physical sensation.
Im going to be sick, I say, bolting away from my friends, into an alley, and retching next to a pile of rubbish sacks.
Alice strokes my back.  Hey, its OK Erinyoull feel better soon.  God, how much drink did he ply you with?
I shake my head, worried that if I talk the retching will resume.  I take a couple of shallow breaths, and then pull a tissue out of my coat pocket, to blow my nose and wipe my mouth.
I think Im OK, I say, standing up straight.
I notice Victoria; she looks alert, almost as though shes on guard.  Lets get back to the hall, she says.  She moves forward to take my arm.
I can manageI feel better.
Regardless of this, I dont think they trust my judgement; they stay close on either side.
We walk back to our flat in silence, and they take me straight to my room.  By the time theyre sitting me on my bed, leaning me against pillows, tucking my duvet around me; Im shaking.
Dont worry, Victoria saysYoure in shock.  Youll feel better tomorrow.
Through my shakes, I notice that Alice looks confused.  Victoria shakes her head at her.
Are you hurt? Victoria asks me.
I shake my head.
Ill make you a hot chocolate, Victoria says.  The sugar will help.
She leaves me and Alice alone.  Alice tucks the covers around me tighter.
Did he do anything? she asks.  When I dont answer she talks again, more forcefully.  Erindid he do anything you didnt want him to?
Once more; I shake my head.  Im so cold, I stutter.  Thankfully the slur in my voice has gone.
Alice takes off her coat, a woollen thing with a fake fur collar, and puts it on top of my duvet.
Alice, thanksfor looking after me.
Its OK.  Well, it was Victoria really.  She wanted to go and find you.  I said you wouldnt want us to, but she insisted.  She looks perplexed.
Thank you, I repeat.
Victoria comes back in, carrying a steaming mug.  I free my hands so I can take it from her, even though Im not sure I can stomach it.
Drink, she orders, unknowingly mimicking Aaron.
The chocolate is comforting, and my shakes ease.  Thanks.
I cant help but suspect Victoria knows something about Aaron, and Im longing to attack her with questions, but dont want to seem insanewhat if Im totally off track?  And Alice looks confused enough as it is.  Im confused enough as it is, now my memories are starting to filter back.  I remember Aaron appearing with that girl, blood on her neck, Aarons inhuman speed.  The effect he had on me.
You two must think Im insane, I mutter, closing my eyes and leaning my head back against the wall.
They both climb onto my bed and sit either side.
I dont, says Victoria, quietly.
She definitely knows something.
I do! says Alice.  What were you thinking?
I wasnt thinking.  I dont know what was wrong with me.  A part of me is dying to return to him now, but I know its wrong.  I know he is bad for me . . . I saw . . .
What did you see? Alice asks, as Ive stopped talking, eyes overflowing.
He was with another girl, he . . .
What?!  Why didnt you come home?  Why . . . ?
Hey, interrupts Victoria.  Shes a wreckshe needs to restlets talk about it after class tomorrow.
I open my eyes in time to see Alice narrow her eyes at Victoria, but she does shut up.  Thank god.  What am I supposed to say?
Things are slotting together in my mind . . . the blood . . . Dr Flynnes local mythology. . . .  But, something about the picture is missing: where do I fit in?  What is Dr Flynnes role?  Whats Victorias?  
The girls stay at my side in silence while I finish my drink.
Lie down now.  Go to sleepI wont leave you alone, Victoria says.
Neither will I, says Alice, her voice not entirely hiding a competitive jealousy she seems to be manifesting.
You dont have to . . .
Lie down, Victoria repeats.
I do as she says, helpless.  Im not about to objectI want nothing more than to go to sleep, to forget this evening, Aarons effect on me, the way I acted; I feel so sick.
Ill be back in a sec, Alice says.
Victoria turns the lamp on, the top light off, then sits quietly at the foot of my bed until Alice returns wearing her cutesy jim-jams.  She is carrying her pillow and trailing a double duvet along the floor.
Ill just get ready too, Victoria says.  You wont leave her alone, will you?
Alice shakes her head, and wraps the big duvet around her shoulders, then lies on the floor by the side of my bed.
You really dont have to . . .
I do, Alice says.  I dont know whats going on with Victoria; shes acting strangely.  And I dont want you to get any ideas in your head about Aaron: I dont think hes safe.  Im staying to make sure you dont invite him in.
She sounds so determined, I dont dare argue: I know shes right.  If he rings me . . . if he has the same effect on me again. . . .
I dont want to see him again.  Ever.
The thing isI have a funny feeling that I will.  That this is just the start.




Chapter 10:  Tricked


NEXT MORNING I wake to sunlight streaming through open curtains.  Alice is fast asleep and snoring gently.  Victorias covers are on the floor; she must have slept in front of the doornot that there was room to sleep anywhere else.  She must have just ducked out.
I rub my head . . . my memory . . . its so fuzzy.  What on earth happened last night?  I remember I was meeting up with Aaronbut?  Hmmm . . . did I meet him?  Ugh, my heart is going too fast.  I sit up.  Ow, my head.
I remember being here, and then going for a walk along the river.  It was freezing cold . . . then . . . I remember being here again.  I remember Victoria bringing hot chocolate, her and Alice saying they were going to stay.  Alice said something about Aaron being dangerous.
Im just rubbing my temples when my door edges open and Victoria sneaks back in.  Shes wearing pyjamas, but unlike Alices, they are grown upa deep blue satin.  She smiles slightly when she sees me awake.
Are you OK?
I groan, and smile ruefully.  I dont remember anything from last nightwhat happened?  I didnt do anything silly, did I? I whisper, screwing up my face in horror at the thought.
You dont remember anything at all?
I shake my head.
You were pretty drunk, she chuckles.  Alice and I found you with Aaronand you were so out of it we brought you back here.
Thank you, I mouth silently.
Im so embarrassed, and bloody frustrated.  What happened with Aaron?  Why was I so drunk, and . . . what must he think of me?
Weve got class in an hour . . . do you think youll be OK? Victoria asks.
Ill manage, I say, hoisting myself out of bed.  But I need a shower.
Me toopromise you wont go anywhere without me? Victoria says.
It seems like a strange thing for her to say, but heymaybe shes having a moment of insecurity.  OK.
I decide quizzing her on last night can wait till were on our way to uni.
Victoria leaves the room.
I shake Alices shoulder gently.  Alicewhat time do you have to be in?
Afternoon, she grumbles, and falls straight back to sleep.
OK then.  Ill be quizzing her later too.
An hour later I meet Victoria in the kitchen, envious of Alices lie in.  Victoria looks wide awake and perfectly manicured, her blonde air gleaming in the welcome sunshine.
Ready?
Im so embarrassed, I say, and as we exit the building I ask.  How did I leave things with Aaron?
Umm . . . not good, Victoria says, pulling an apologetic expression.
Not good how?
Wellhow shall I put it?
Pleasejust tell me.
You saw him with another girl.
I feel my face pale.  Oh no.
Yes.
Is that why I got so drunk?
I guess so . . . maybe he drugged you.
What?  Why do you say that?
You were slurring.
I was?
My heart is pounding hard again.
He didnt . . . ?
You said he didnt hurt youbut we were worried about youthats why we stayed in your room last night.
Did anyone else see me? I ask.
She shakes her head.  No, think everyone else was either still out, or in bed, when we got back.
Phew.  Dont think the guys would let me live that one down.  But if it went so badly with Aaron . . . why . . . ?
She looks at me enquiringly.
Why . . . umm. . . .  Why do I still want to see him?
I dont knowyou really shouldnt.  She suddenly stops, causing some angry looks from passing strangers, and turns to face me; her expression intense.  Promise me you wont contact him.
Youd think that would be an easy one to answer, considering what shes just told me, but a part of me is dying to see him again.  My skin is humming, calling out for his touch.  My heart wants him with me now.  Its almost as if my phone is begging me to call him right now.
I stay silent.
How about I distract you? Victoria proposes.  Why dont you come see my house, after classwe could watch films, and munch popcorn, all afternoon.
I smile.  That would be great, I say, thinking that maybe shes starting to let down her barriers, maybe Ill find out why she is . . . hmm . . . how she is.
We slide into the back of the lecture theatre, just in time.  Professor Greenplank is back, Dr Flynne absent.  Im gladat least I wont be dealing with his strange behaviour today.
Today is the library tour, but before you go I want you to have your schedules for the term, he says, passing out piles of paper to those in the front row.
As the papers work their way back toward us, I exchange a nervous glance with Victoria.  When I receive mine; I barely have time to look at it.  Professor Greenplank is summoning us all, to follow him back into the hall.
The library tour is uneventful, and after its finished we end up hanging around for some time, waiting to get our library cards set up.  Victoria stays by my side the whole time, as though fearful Ill bolt.  It feels like Ive been assigned a guard.
When we are finally ready to leave, I walk with Victoria toward the park.  Shes quiet, so as we walk I close my eyes, off and on, enjoying the feel of warm sunshine on my skin, trying to ignore the annoying pull Aaron seems to have over me.  I cant believe I saw him with another girl, and I dont even remember.  
It seems strangeuntil now Ive never drank so much Ive completely forgotten a night, although some friends from school made a habit of it.  Having a chunk of memory missing is freaky, and unsettling.  I should be pissed off at Aaron, but instead Im pissed off at myself.  Whats with that?
Do you mind if we just stop by somewhere on the way? Victoria asks.  I left the book Im reading at a friends house.
Of course not.  What are you reading?
Oh, some trashy romance.  Escapism, she explains.
I chuckle.  Yeah, escapism I can understand.
I kick my way through piles of dried leaves as we head off path, under a large oak.  The air is beautifully still, the calm after the stormor, I suddenly thinkis it the eye?
Unconsciously; I shiver.
Its not far, Victoria says.
Its OK, Im hoping the exercise will clear my head.
Hows that going?
Not good, so far.  Did you get a glimpse of the schedule? I say, in an effort to change the subject.
No, I cant wait to look at it, but we should wait till were at mine, and make tea.
Will your parents be there?
She shakes her head.  They work most days.
She gives me a funny lookalmost as though shes considering telling me something, but then she turns her face to look ahead and the moment passes.
We exit the park through an ivy shrouded archway, onto a steep hill with large detached Victorian dwellings.  We cut across and take a smaller road, on the level.  The street is tree lined, each house fronted by a dainty garden.  It feels quiet, purely residentiala different world from central Greenwich and our university bubble.
We take a left hand turn, downhill.
Here it is, Victoria says, approaching another large detached house.
Wealthy friend, I mumble.
She laughs.  She doesnt own it, its a shared house, of sorts . . . she says; another one of her enigmatic comments that puzzle me.  
Victoria has her own key, and lets us in without knocking.  The house is silent; it feels eerie.  I follow her down a dark corridor, the wall paper faded and peeling, lined with dusty ornate frames bearing old oil paintings.
Someones here, Victoria says, her furrowed brow puzzling me.  Dont worry, she says, opening a heavy door and motioning for me to follow her.  
As the door swings closed behind me I hear a lock click into place.  I frown, and turn to Victoria.  She looks pale.
Sorry I didnt tell you, she mutters.
What . . . ?
Hello Erin.  
I gulp.  Dr Flynne walks around the corner of the L-shaped office.  His brow is creased; he looks apprehensive.  Regardless of this I find his presence imposing, and I start to feel breathless.  
I fall silent, and eye the locked door warily.
Dont worry, Victoria says, again.  Well explain everything.
I turn to Dr Flynne, now figuring I have nothing to lose by speaking plainly.  This is my opportunity to find out the truth.
Why do I recognise you? I ask, scowling, and not bothering to mask the suspicion from my tone.
I will tell you soon, dont worryVictorias right to say thatyou are here so we can fill you in.  Come, sit down.
He takes a seat behind an antique wooden desk, on a reclining leather office chair, and gestures for me and Victoria to draw up a couple of dark wood chairs from the side of the room.
I turn and glare at Victoria.
Ill make tea, she says.
Dr Flynne nods at her.
Dr . . .
Call me Ray.
Dr Flynne, I say, ignoring him.  Is now really the time to adopt his first name? what are you planning to fill me in on?  I mean to sound threatening, but think I fail.  I feel ridiculously nervous; sick with it.
He dismisses my question with a wave of his hand.  You are here now because of what happened last night, he says.  I must look puzzled, for he continuesVictoria filled me in.  
I hear her approaching behind, but keep my focus on Dr Flynnes green eyes, waiting for a better explanation.  I cant help but suspect hes stalling, for some reason unbeknownst to moi, and I figure glaring might make him get on with it.
I feel a piercing pain in my arm, and jolt my eyes away to find out whats happening.  
What the . . . ? I say, as Victoria pushes the plunger of a syringethe sharp point penetrating my jacket, my skininjecting a deep yellow serum into my arm.  
I wrench my body to the side, but I know its too late.  For a second I sway, in horror, my vision blurs, and pain radiates outward from the injection site.  Victoria places her arms around me.  
I struggle, but start to feel horribly weak, and giddy.  Dr Flynne rises from his chair, and I search for his eyes, willing him to help me.  But I am stunned when my eyes meet his.  He looks immensely satisfied.
I slump into unconsciousness.




Chapter 11:  Captive


I WAKE, CONFUSED, not knowing where I am.  I feel a dull pain in my arm, swiftly reminding me what happened.  The first thing I remember is seeing Victoria push that needle into my arm.  Immediately my heart rate soars and my eyes fly open.  
Its pitch black.  Something cold and hard is around my right wrist.  As I move it I hear a scraping metallic sound.  My free hand shoots to find out what it is, and I feel the cool metal of a cuff, clamped on my wrist.  Fastened to the cuff is a thick chain.   
Shit.  Shit, shit, shit.
I give the chain a yank, but it doesnt move far.  Im trapped.  Ohwhat have they done to me?  What was it they injected me with? . . . And, what are they planning to do to me, while Im chained up in this horribly antiquated manner?
Hello?  I call out, but softly, fearfully.
The slightest echo is all that answers.
I start to feel my surroundings further, realising Im actually on something soft, and have a cover over my legs.  I think I must be on some type of makeshift bed.  I reach further, off the mattress.  The ground is rough, slightly damp.  It might be concrete.
I lie back on the bed, and feel my heart rate start to slow.  I dont appear to be in any immediate danger.  
As the panic eases, I realise that there are distant soundsI can hear London: the gentlest of background rumbles, a distant siren, an airplane.  There must be a window in here.  I must be in some type of basement room, but not properly underground.  Its very dark though.  I wonder if the window has been blacked out.  
Theoretically, if I shout really loud, someone might hear me, someone from outside this house.  But should I?  What if Im in danger, and I attract unwanted attention?
I groan, and pull the covers higher.  The air is chilly, and damp.  It wouldnt surprise me if there were spiders nearby.  Large ones.  I shiver: I hate spiders.
I lie still for a while, trying not to think, not to imagine the worst.  The knots in my stomach are lessening, and hunger is starting to kick in, my stomach twisting with it.  Im thirsty too.  My throat is really dry; I might be coming down with something. 
Or maybe its that bloody injectionits making me ill.  Maybe if I could just go back to sleep . . . although thats not likely; I keep seeing flashes of the needle, of Victoria.  The puzzling thing is: she didnt look angry.  She didnt look like she wanted to hurt me; she looked, ummsorry?for what she was doing.  I dont know . . . like, maybe she wanted to help me?  
Im guessing that Victoria works for Dr Flynne, or some such arrangement.  I have absolutely no idea what his part in this is.  I wonder if this is his house.  Ugh, I should have fled the uni when I recognised him that first day.  I know; it would have seemed melodramatic.  But as it turns out . . .
As I lie here, unable to do anything but think, my body, my heart; they are calling out for Aaron.  Aaron Knight: what really happened between us?  Why on earth cant I remember?  Did I really see you with another girlor did Victoria make that up?  
I cant trust her now, thats for sure.  I wish Id woken Alice up, and talked to her, before leaving this morning.  Then Id have another point of view to consider.
Its crazy how much I feel for Aaron; after so short an acquaintance.  I smile a touch, picturing his cerulean eyes in my mind, imagining running my fingers over his short, short hair, wondering how it would feelhow it would feel if he kissed me.  Umm . . .
An age later, a crack of light begins to show around the edge of some curtains.  They are covering what looks like a square foot sized window, near the ceiling.  I watch, apprehensive, as the light gradually intensifies, until I can just make out the features of the room.  I sit and squint, straining my eyes for clues to my whereabouts.
I do appear to be in some type of basement.  There is a stack of cardboard boxes in a corner, a couple of bikes leaning against a brick wall, a couple of stacked wooden chairs, some metal shelvesholding tools I thinkand a few old cans of paint.  A bare bulb hangs from a cord on the ceiling.  
Closer at hand; my chain, thick and rusted, is attached to some sort of metal ring thats embedded in concrete.  The cuff around my wrist bears a key hole.  I fiddle with it briefly, but cant get it to release.  Instead I opt for tugging on the chain.  I pull with as much effort as I can muster, breathing hard, but the metal hoop doesnt budge, not even an infinitesimal amount.  The chain seems unbreakable, without an axe anyway, and I dont see one of those just lying about.
Thats when I notice a bottle of water, lying on its side on the concrete floor.  Next to it is a packet of crisps.  I shuffle up my mattress, finding I can reach it no problem.  As I grab the bottle, I notice an envelope at its side.  
Hastily I drop the bottle, and grab the letter instead.  Erin is clearly written on the front.  I rip it open, and pull out a folded sheet of A4.  I smooth it out, and prepare to read; heart beating way too fast for comfort.  
But, damned as hell, its still too dark to make out the words; they are handwritten, and much smaller than my name on the envelope.  I carefully fold it back up and place it under my pillow.  It should be light enough to read it soon.
I reach for the water instead, hesitating for only a second.  If theyre going to poison me, its probably already done, with whatever weird substance they injected.  I take a quick gulp, then rip open the crisps; salt and vinegar.  I bolt them down, and they taste heavenly; probably due to my intense hungerIm not usually a crisp gal.  After Ive finished I drink half my water, not sure if I will get another.  
This is such a shitty predicament to have found myself in.  I bet no-one even realises Im missingand how long will it be till they do?  I bet it wouldnt take that much of a story for Victoria to persuade our flatmates that I went home, and its not like I have regular ring in times with my parents.  
In fact, theyd be pretty surprised if I rang them in the near future, I only checked in a couple of days ago.  If they havent heard from me in a week they might get a little worried, but Im guessing it would be longer than that, probably much longer, until they became worried enough to come and look for me.  
Im sure Dr Flynne will tell the uni some tale to explain my whereabouts.  No-one will be suspicious at all.
Its a little brighter now. I pull out the letter and, fingers shaking, unfold it.
Dear Erin,
I am so sorry about what weve put you through, but let me assure you, I was telling you the truth: I mean you no harm.  Dr Flynne means you no harm.  I am so, so sorry if you have woken up and realised youre chained to your bed, but its not permanentI promise.  We wont be keeping you here foreverjust until we know its safe for you to leave.  And dont worry about the injectionit knocked you out, but it didnt hurt youit made you stronger.
I promiseI will explain soon.
I will come and see you in the morning and, I know you will be, but pleasedont be angry.  Please listen to me when I come, and dont think Im crazy.  I will tell you the truth.
Dont be scared, you are safe here.
Victoria
Safe here?  In chains?  Whatever is she talking about?  I suppose its more reassuring than a death threator is it scarier?  Does it make her crazier that she really believes what shes doing is right?
I re-read the note.
What could she mean by it has made you stronger?  I dont feel stronger.  It doesnt feel like Ive suddenly got super powers or anything:  I couldnt break the chain.  Shes definitely insane.
I had wondered what was going on with her . . . but I never imagined it would be anything like this.  I hope to Godnot that Im even religiousthat she means it when she says she will let me go.  Please let her mean it.
Theres one thing she didnt mention in her letter: Dr Flynne.  Where is he now?
In light of the letter, I decide on one thing: its OK to give in to my thirst.  Victoria doesnt sound as if she means to kill me; not yet anyway.  I gulp down the remaining fluid, then lie on my back, staring up at the spider webby, plaster-boarded ceiling; wishingunreasonably, seeing as he doesnt even know Im in troublethat Aaron Knight would live up to his name, and whisk in here, break my chain, and save me.
To think, I was so annoyed with him yesterday, after what Victoria told me.  But now I know shes crazy, I just want to see him and find out the truth.  Is he really seeing someone else?  Did I get so hideously drunk I ruined my chances with him?  
I need to know if I still have a shot.  Its like his blood is thrumming through my veins, playing with my heartI need to see him.
I wonder what happened to my phone.
The door gently creaks, and I turn to see Victoria peeping around the edge.  She looks worried; not surprisingly.  
I narrow my eyes at her.  Please explain.
She comes into the room, once again looking perfectly manicured.  Today this annoys me, considering the state Im inwhich is very much her fault.  At least she has had the grace to abandon her usual look of absolute control.  
Erin, I will explain everything.  I know you must hate me, but once Ive told you why we did this; I hope you can forgive us.
She walks over to the window and pulls open the curtains.  Rays of light penetrate the dust.  She extracts a chair from the stack and takes a seat, out of my reach.
I stay silent, waiting for her to elaborate.  I didnt fail to notice she said us, referring to her and Dr Flynne, I suppose.  I wonder how long shes known him, whether theyre an item.
Victoria seems to realise Im not planning on speaking again, so continues.  You were in dangerplease believe mefrom Aaron.  He . . . well, Im pretty sure that he is, based on your behaviour, and other things.  He is a vampire.
She pauses, awaiting my responsebut Im not about to feed her delusion.
I am a hunter, as is Ray.  He taught me to recognise vampiresto kill them.  The injection we gave you: it protects you from the bite of a vampire.  That means you cant be turned into one, or anything else, so . . . it will protect you.
She pauses again, and when I fail to respond, she continues.
We didnt tell you first as we were worried you would run, and then it would be too late.  We were planning to induce you anywayto make you a hunter toobut we had to speed up the process, to make sure you wouldnt be harmed.
At this point I have to interrupt.  You were planning to make me a hunter too?  Since when?
Well, Ray has been watching you since you were a kidbut he will fill you in on that.  Hes going to come and see you in a couple of hours.  Unfortunately, I cant let you go until youve talked to him; until we know that you trust us, and wont tell anybody about what we do.
I can see Ive got some acting to do if theyre going to let me go, if Im going to save Aaron from her craziness.  Godif she thinks hes a vampire . . . she said she kills vampires.
I nod.  OK, Ill talk to him.  Id like to ask you more questions too, but I can only take in so much at a time, especially when Im hungry.
She smiles.  Dont worry Erin, you will believe us soon.  Well prove it to you.  Ill go get you some breakfast.
With that, she turns tail, and leaves; leaves me alone to decide how I should act, how I should play this, to get out of here as quickly as I can.  I need to be convincing.
Ten minutes later she returns with a bowl of cereal and a cup of tea.
Its all I could manage, she says.
I shrug, but take the food.  She places the tea on the floor.
She stays silent while I eat, having the nerve to flick through a magazine she brought down.
When Im finished I push the bowl aside, pick up my tea, and consider how I should proceed.
How will you prove vampires exist? I ask her.
I will take you out hunting.  Ill show you.
Have you killed many? I say, trying to keep the suspicion out of my voice.
You know, I get what youre doingI know you dont believe me.  If Ray says its OK, Ill take you out tonight.  Ill show you Im telling the truth.
I nod.  So . . . have you killed many?
Yes, quite a few.
How many are out there?
She shrugs.  Enough.  Evasive againwhats she hiding?
Why do you think Aarons one?  I dont remember him having any fangs.
No, he wouldntnot until he decides to change you, or feed off you.  Aaron . . . he . . . Alice admitted she saw blue flame in his eye.  Fire in eyes is a characteristic of many supernatural beings.  Also vampires . . . some like to get their victims drunk, before they feed off them.  It helps with altering memories, it means that any victims that survive the feed, they dont tend to reveal the vampires identity . . . before . . . before they change and it no-longer matters.  Plus, the alcohol in your system makes you more likely to trust them, to be influenced by the pheromones they secrete.
What do you mean? I say, unwillingly remembering how my opinion of Aaron changedfrom distrust to lustafter the first time he touched my hand.  
And, I cant say I havent noticed the firebut there must be another explanation for that: lighting tricks, coincidence. . . . 
I dont want to believe herof course shes delusionalyet I cant help but be unsettled by what shes said.
Vampires secrete chemicals through their skin.  If they touch your skin; pheromones pass overmaking you attracted to them and likely to do anything they suggest.
You sound like you speak from experience.
I do.  She doesnt elaborate.  So, will you let me show you?  Tonight?




Chapter 12:  The Truth


I GUESS.  AT least that way shell be with me; she wont be able to try and hunt Aaron.  Or if she does; I can try and stop her.  Or, I could somehow escape and call Aaron; warn him.
Umm, I say, trying to think of more questions to ask.  Ive given up on not feeding her delusion; if Im to get out of here I need to play along.
What vampire myths are truecan they only come out at night?
Yes, thats true.  All the standard methods of killing work toostake through the heart, beheading. . . .  They have venom thoughif they bite you, feed off you without killing, you become infectedyou become like them.
Some delusion.  If I wasnt so god damn annoyed with Victoria, and Dr Flynne, for what theyve done to me; I might have the strength to feel sorry for her, to try to help her.  But instead I can only think about the best way to save myself, to save Aaron.
How long have you been a hunter? I ask.
She raises her eyebrows.  Is that really what you want to know?
Hmmm.  Is there something you think is more important?
She shrugs.  Yes and no.  I would have thought youd be asking more questions about you.
But you said . . . I got the impression you werent going to tell me that.  You said I had to wait for Dr Flynne to fill me in?
Well, that would probably be for the best, but there is something I could tell you, that I could ask you . . . something that might help you believe me.
What?
Ray mentioned you have an ability . . . something youve maybe not told anyone about?
I crease my forehead, wondering if she could be referring to . . . but how could she know, how could he?
What ability? I say, in case Im totally off track.
Some kind of magic, something that can protect you when youre threatened.
So, they do know.
How does he know?
Ill leave him to tell you that.  But, remember your ability, remember that unusual things . . . can be possible.
Hmmm, she has a point.  But still.
So, is there anything else you can tell meabout me?
She shakes her head, and checks her watch.  Its not long till hell be here.  Do you want to keep asking me questions, or do you want some time alone?
I consider for a second; I would like time alonebut what if Victoria gets it in her head to go hunting Aaron?  But, shell probably leave when Dr Flynne gets here anyway.
Will you promise me something? I ask her.
She nods.
Do you promise that you wont go looking for Aaron?  That you will prove to me that vampires exist?  And even if, for some impossible reason, they do existdo you promise not to hurt Aaron unless we can also prove that he is a vampireand that he actually hurts people?
All vampires hurt people.
Do you promise?  I cant trust you if you dont.
I promise.  And anyway; there wouldnt be any point hunting him now, because its daytime.  Assuming that he is a vampire, hell be holed up somewhere dark.  It would be pretty impossible to find him; he could live anywhere in London.
OK then, I would like some time alone.  Please could you lend me that magazine?
She nods.  I brought it down for you, anyway.
No chance youll, umm, unchain me?  Promise I will stay here.
Solemnly, she shakes her head.  Sorry.
But I need the loo.
Theres a bucket there, and some loo roll, she says, pointing just behind me.
So there is.
Ill come back in a minute and empty it for you.
How humiliating.  Even if I somehow figure out she is telling the truth about everything, Im not sure Ill ever forgive her for this.
Alone in my room, business completed (and emptied), I am lying on my tummy, on my bed.  The chain is dangling heavily from my wrist as I flick through Victorias Cosmopolitan.  Its not something I usually read, but Im determined to distract my mind until Dr Flynne gets here.  I am anxious to hear what he has to say.  I want to know why I recognise him.  I want to know how long hes been watching me.  I want to know why.  I really hope Im about to find out.
A knock at the door sets my heart pounding once more.
I sit up and smooth my hair, then quickly check my eyes for sleep dust.
Come in, I call.
The door creaks loudly and Dr Flynne steps into the room.  He meets my eyes confidently, although I cant help but regard him with suspicion.  He smiles, but I dont return it.  He takes a seat in the chair Victoria vacated.
I cant help but feel intimidated.  Hes sitting there, wearing a suit; as usual his collar is undone and his tie loose.  His jacket is open.  Behind his glasses his green eyes are piercing; it feels like they see through me.  Suddenly I feel vulnerable, chained here.  I have no idea who he is, or what he might really be intending.  I avert my gaze, cheeks heating.
Regardless of the uncouthness of the situation, his manner is professional.
Victoria tells me shes summed up the situation already.  You must have questions for me.  Shoot.
I grit my teeth.  Please can you unchain me first?
Do you promise youll hear me out?
I will.
He kneels at my side and takes my hand.  Even though his touch is gentle, its impossible not to notice his strength.  I stiffen.  He slides a tiny key into the lock and opens the cuff on my wrist.  He returns to his seat, while I rub at where the cuff was.    
I cant bear to look up at him, but I want too many answers to stay quiet.  Victoria said youve been watching me.  For how long?  And why? 
My eyes well up and tears overflow.  I keep my eyes on a spider; I watch it spin a web behind Dr Flynnes chair.
His chair shifts, and he starts to rise.  For a second I panic, and my breathing accelerates, but then he seems to reconsider, and sits back down.
I met you when you were eight.  He sees my furrowed brow, and explains.  You shouldnt remember; we made sure of that.
Why?
We injected you with a compound that makes you forget.
Wh?
Let me explain, please.
I slump back against the covers, submitting.  I might as well let him tell his story, its not like Im going anywherehe may have unchained me, but Im pretty sure hes capable of overpowering me, should I try to escape.
I am a hunter, and I have been since I was a teenager.  I had a mentor, Patrick, who found me, taught me.  He was with me the day we found you.  We were in France, following a lead on a werewolf sighting.  He eyes me warily as he says werewolf.  Do you remember going to France when you were eight?
I nod, although memories of that holiday are hazy.
Patrick and I had tracked down the wolf, but it escaped us.  We were trailing after it, through the woods, when we saw you.  You stood up to the werewolf, and had a very unusual effect on it; incapacitating it, forcing the man to change back into a wolf.  You allowed us to come in and take it out.  We couldnt risk you telling anyone what had happened; either they would think you insane, or it would lead to further investigations . . . anyway, thats why we injected you.  He pauses.
I consider asking him what kind of effect I had on the wolf, but I think I can guessI still vividly remember the dream I had on the train, the dream about the werewolf.  I remember fangs coming toward me in a blur, and then that cloud of light, the way the man shook until it turned into a wolf.  
Although, this is all so ridiculousthere cant have been a wolf at all.  Or maybe it was a wolf, and it attacked me; causing my strange magic to surface.  Maybe they came in and killed a wolf in front of me, and when I saw Ray Flynne on the train, seeing him triggered the memory; made me dream that dream.  But . . . ?
Or maybe . . . if I can use magic to defend myself . . . couldnt that mean other strange things might also exist?  But surely it couldnt be true, and even if by some freakish spin on nature, it is, that doesnt mean that Aarons a bloody vampire.  Im pretty darn positive hes not; hes just a ridiculously sexy man whos got under my skin, and who Id love to be doing some certain unmentionable things with right now, rather than being here, listening to this nonsense.  
Like Victoria, Dr Flynne continues to talk when I dont respond.  We stayed with you until you woke up, then escorted you back to your family.  We said wed found you near the woods, and that you didnt feel well.  We realised at the time that you could be one of us, as your ability could help in our fight.  So, since then Ive kept track of you.  I saw to it that you were recruited, placed in my tutor group.  I was planning to watch you for longer, with Victorias help, to see if you were fit to join us.  But then Victoria informed me about the vampire, and I couldnt risk losing you.
Aarons not a vampire.
Of course, you wouldnt think so.  Thats my fault I guess, for playing with your memory.  We will find out for sure, soon enough.
How often have you watched me? I ask, tentatively raising my eyes to regard him.  Im surprised by the intensity of his regard, and quickly look back down.
Off and on, making sure you were OK, that you hadnt been found out.  Out of the corner of my eye, I see him smile.  I was glad you were open to coming to university here; that made things easier.
On the train; you knew it was me.  You followed me?
He nods.  I had to make sure you were coming, that no-one had . . . stopped you.
I grit my teeth again.  What was it you injected me with?  I feel like shouting it, saying how could you and all sorts of other things that might make me feel better.  The problem is; Im not really sure that would help my chances of being let free.
Victoria said she told you . . .
Yes, she said that it will protect me from being turned into a vampire.  But what was it?  How did you make it?  Will it have any, err, negative effects?
I didnt make itPatrick did.  I dont exactly know how it was made; science isnt my forte, but I know what hes told me.  The compound was made with small doses of the two main infectious agents; venoms extracted from the teeth of vampires and werewolves.  It means if you become exposed, or are bitten, by either of those creatures, it will not kill you, and you will not become one of them.  The only negative effect we know of is the period of unconsciousness you have already experienced.  However, there are other positive effects, apart from immunity.  Over the coming days you will gradually become stronger, and faster.  You will heal more quickly.
Okey-dokey.  So basically, according to him, Im now less human.  I think Ill save queries about that until theyve proven to me that such things exist; which I still think is pretty darn impossible.  They probably just injected me with a strong sedative.
For a second Im silent; not sure what to ask next.  I think Ive delved deeply enough into the delusion, and the past, for now; enough to know that regardless of the existence of vampires and werewolves, and who knows what else they might believe in, that I have been being watched.  
I have been in trouble for a long time, and getting out of it is not going to be easy.  I have absolutely no idea how much danger Im in, but it doesnt seem like they mean me any immediate harm; they seem to genuinely want me to join them.
What is it you want from me? I ask.




Chapter 13:  Sorry


I RAISE MY head and meet his piercing gaze.
I want you to join us.  I want you to be a hunter.
You want me to be a hunter?  Or youre going to make me be a hunter?
I want you to be, although . . . should you decide not to join us; I will have to inject you with that memory compound again.  We cant have you telling others about this.
So, you will let me go?  Regardless?
Of course we will; were not going to keep you here forever.  We just had to make sure there was no way youd escape before you knew what was going on.  We dont want you returning to Aaron unprepared, or going to the Police.
So, as long as I agree to be a hunter, and that I wont tell anyoneyou will let me go?
And, after weve proven to you that we are telling the truth, so we know that you do believe us, and are not just lying; to get away.
So, you are going to let me go out hunting with Victoria later?
Yes, if you want to.
I do.  Better than being cooped up here, or being injected by another compound that might do who knows what.
He nods.
So . . . what will becoming a hunter entail? I ask, curious as to how seriously they take this.
Victoria tells me you are already fit, so that aspect will not be too challenging a change.  You will need to up your training, improve your fitness further, although you will find it easier as the injection takes effect.  You will need to take martial arts classes, along with taking private lessons with me.  I will help . . . refine your skills.  
You will need to train with the other hunters too, and go out hunting with them.  It will be dangerous, but we will prepare you as best we can.  
You can stay at university, thats fine, hunting and training wont take up all your time.  And if you have problems, I can help you.  We will look after you.  You can discuss things as much as you want with me, with Victoria, and the other hunters, but you cant tell anyone else.
You are very convincing, I murmur.
That is because Im telling the truth.
I nod.  Well see about that.
Do you have any more questions youd like to ask now?
I shake my head, and then change my mind.  Yes.  What now?  Im guessing Victoria wont be taking me out until dark.
Thats right.  I cant let you go now, for reasons Im sure you understand.  Yeah right.  You have two choices; either I can lock you back up, or you can hang out with Victoriaif you promise not to try and escape.
Hmmm, tough choice.  Involuntarily I smile.  Idiot.  I think Ill go with the Victoria option.  At least that way I can keep an eye on her, make sure she keeps to her promise and stays away from Aaron.
He smiles too.  Sorry about all this, he says, gesturing to my surroundings.  Its not a sign of whats to come, I assure you.  Ill tell Victoria to try and distract you until tonight.  It will be easier if you dont think about what Ive said too much, not until youve seen that we are telling the truth.
I nod.  As if it will be possible not to think about what hes said.  The funny thing is; he really does seem to think that they will prove it to me.  Interesting.
Ill send Victoria in.  See you soon, he says.
He promptly rises, and leaves me with an apologetic smile.  Hmm.
I listen as his footsteps retreat over creaky boards.  Then he stops and I hear muffled voices.  A second later I hear lighter footsteps, coming toward the basement door.  It swings inward and Victoria steps in, a hesitant look on her face.
How are you doing? she asks me, hovering in the doorway.
I roll my eyes.  How do you think?
Well, Ray tells me Im aloud to take you out.  Are you willing to hang out with someone you think is crazy?
Promise you wont randomly inject me again?
I promise, she says, giving me a weak smile.  I went back to your room and packed a few things.  Do you want to come upstairs and use a proper bathroom?
Youre going to let me out?  What if I try to escape?
We hope that you are intrigued enough by what weve said to want to hang around until tonight, but . . . I have been told not to let you out of my sight.
What will we do?
How about those movies and that popcorn I promised you?
OK.
I scramble to my feet and straighten out my clothes.
I hope you brought my toothbrush.
I did, hopefully I got everything you need.
As I follow her up creaking wooden stairs, I askWhat did you tell Alice?
I told her you were so embarrassed by your behaviour that you decided to go home for the weekend.
Did she believe you?
Victoria shrugs.  I think so.  She seemed kind of annoyed though.
Great.
In the murky hallway Victoria picks up my rucksack, from a dank corner.  I almost say thanks as she hands it my way, but decide against it.  At this very moment Im not sure thanks is the most appropriate sentiment.
My bag feels light.  Wheres the rest of my stuff, my books, my phone?
I emptied it in your room, but your phone is upstairs; you cant have it back yet.  She points me in the direction of the bathroom.  Ill just wait out here.
As I turn my back on her, my eyes fill with tears.  I push open the scratched wooden door to a surprisingly bright, high ceilinged bathroom.  The wall paper is bubbling and peeling, but the room is welcoming; a nice change.  The suite is presumably original Victorian, or Edwardian.  Im a little confused about the distinction between the twonot great for a history student.  There are bars on the window.  
I brush away my tears and get down on my knees to see what Victoria packed.  Im pleased to see Ive got a change of clothessimple black jeans and top, and clean underwear.  As well as my toothbrush shes packed my makeup bag and combso I should be able to make myself look presentable.  However, I feel far from it:  I cant push aside the vulnerability that being in chains has awakened.
I splash my face with water, willing the tears not to return, and then take a peek in the antique oval mirror, above the sink.  I feared the worst, but in actuality I dont look too bad.  I thought my eyes would be puffy and red, but they look fine; I look as though Ive had a half decent sleep.  My cheeks look rosy and my complexion clear.  In fact, physically, I feel pretty good too.  I feel healthy.  Could the injection be affecting me already?
Shit.  I almost bang my head against the mirror in frustrationthe injection wont have any strengthening effects, as it was just a damn sedative.  It made me sleep well, and thats why I look alright.  Just because I was chained up, that doesnt mean I wasnt asleep for an obscenely long time.  I must have slept for over twelve hours.  Thats probably why my hair is a terrible mess.  I take to it with the comb, letting out frustration on my hair.  Now, half prisoner, whats the point in looking good?  
What if I do get a chance to escapeshould I take it?  But . . . a part of me definitely does want to know the truth.  Dr Flynne was incredibly convincing, I didnt just say that to swing him:  I was telling the truth.  If I were to run now . . . if I were to get away . . . a part of me would always wonder.  Insane, yes, but true.  
And where would I go, if I did escape?  If Dr Flynne really has been tracking me since I was eight, and for some reason; I do believe he has, then, what hope do I have of escaping him?  He must know, or be able to at least find out; the location of my family.  It wouldnt be too hard to find out who my friends were from school.  
Of courseI have some money in the bank, money courtesy of Ray Flynne and my scholarship.  I could use it to fund my escape.  I could board a plane to anywhere, find a random community, get a job.  But if I did that I would be leaving so much behind . . . my family, my course.  Im not sure I could do it, not unless I was one hundred per cent sure there was no other option.  And am I?  NO, the truth is: Im not.  There is hope of escape.  And . . . what if they are telling the truth?
Ugh.  I quickly change, and start scrubbing my teeth.  What of Aaron?  Theres no way . . . but . . . I admit it now: Victoria and Ray have sown a seed in my mind.  I cant help but remember the flicker of blue flames, and how I initially tried to evade him.  The yearning hasnt gone . . . but what if it is caused by a pheromone that hes using to control me?  What if I really am under his spell?
It cant be true, but . . .
I apply a touch of eyeliner, wondering.  Maybe that injection is messing with my mind.
Five minutes later I return to Victoria.  At least she doesnt comment on how long Ive been.  Maybe she realises how much I need to think.
In the murky hall I look her directly in the eye.  If . . . If you are lying . . .
Im not.
But if you areI am going to be so mad
Victoria grins.  Unbelievable.  What if Im right? she asks.
Well see.  I shake my head in disbelief, and follow her out of the silent, creepy house.
The day is sunny, yet crisp.  I cant say it doesnt seem weird to be outside after everything Ive been told this morning: it seems mightily surreal.
Its no time at all until we arrive at Victorias, and true to her word her parents are absent.  Her house is Victorian too, but its smaller, terraced.  Inside its light and airy, well-kept and homely.
As soon as I step through her door, I make a decision; I will not ask her anymore questions, not until I know whether or not she and Dr Flynne are talking shit.  Today I will do as he said, and let myself be distracted.
Regardless of this, the day passes incredibly slowly.  Victoria makes sandwiches for lunch, and after weve eaten we devour huge quantities of popcorn while watching four movies.  At dinner she rustles up spaghetti with chilli and olives, which is delicious.  She informs me well soon be joined by another hunter.
Do I know him?
She meets my eyes, her gaze level.  Yes: Tom Pearson.  Hes also in Rays tutor group.  Hes the one who
I remember, I interrupt.  He suggested the ghost topic, right?
Thats right.
She looks nervous, and I have to remind myself to hold my tongue.  No questions.
Hell be joining us for our hunt.  I cant guarantee we will find anything supernatural tonight, but if we dont; we will try again tomorrow, and the night after thatuntil you know the truth.
I just nod, although I sincerely hope that if such things do exist, we see one tonight.  What if this delusion just continues; we never see anything, they dont want to let me go?  What then?  I take a deep breath, reminding myself: blank mind.  Dont think until after tonight.
Come up stairs, lets get ready, Victoria says.
Her room is simple and tidy, painted white.  A single bed, unmade, is pushed against the wall, on which are hanging large black and white framed pictures of old movie stars.  She has a large oak wardrobe and a single overflowing bookcase.  Wooden floor boards are nearly hidden by a large exercise mat, and in a spare corner weights are stacked.
Victoria approaches the wardrobe and pulls out a leather jacket and scarf; she passes those to me.  It will be cold out, and the leather will provide some protection if youre involved in a fight.
She pulls a black polar neck sweater over her blue t-shirt, and dons a leather jacket herself and tucks her hair into a beanie hat.  She gets down on her knees and pulls out a large holdall bag, fluorescent colours now faded with age, onto the floor.  She unzips it and pulls the edges apart.
Weapons.
Remember what I said about wooden stakes not being a myth? 
She chucks a couple my way and, surprised, I just manage to catch them.  I eye one; its about the length of my forearm, the wood brought to a nice pointed tip with some kind of blade.  They look rough, made from locally acquired fallen branches, perhaps. 
I eye the darkness outside, bubbles of nerves surfacing against my will.
Theres an inner pocket in your jacket to store them, Victoria tells me, regaining my attention.  She slides a couple of stakes into her jacket too.  Although stakes are best for vampires, they will work on werewolves too, and are better than no weapon, whatever your enemy.  Do you know how to fire a gun?
I shake my head.
We will train you, dont worry, but for now youll need to stick to stakes.
I watch as Victoria attaches a strap to her calf, under her black jeans, and slides a gun in there.  Thats got silver bullets infor werewolves.  I probably wont need that, but at least Ill have it in case.  She picks up another gun and tucks it into her belt.  This one is more likely to come in handyits got wooden bullets, for vampires.  Bullets wont kill vampires, but if they run; a bullet will slow them down, so we can catch up.  We probably wont see anything else, but if we do Ill tell you what to do, even if its to run.  I dont intend for you to fight.  If you can; just stand back and watchyou should see enough . . .
A triple knock startles me.  Victoria beckons for me to follow, and draws a key from her pocket to unlock the door.  We stand back and Tom nips inside.  He is even taller than I remember, with neatly cut blond hair.  Today he looks less like a public school boy, as he has done away with the suit, and, like me and Victoria, he is dressed entirely in black: hunting gear.
Tom briefly meets my eye, but doesnt introduce himself.  He turns to Victoria.  Ready?
Yes.  I have already briefed Erin.
Good.  Lets go.




Chapter 14:  The Hunt 


TOM LEADS THE way.  I follow; feeling mightily conspicuous.  Victoria is behind.  Im not sure whether thats to protect me, the untrained one, or to stop me escaping.  Probably its that.
None of us talk.
We walk toward Greenwich Park, through the street lamp lit back streets of the suburbs.  Before long we are walking uphill, next to a high brick wall; at the edge of the park.  We reach an ornate black gate, but its locked.  We keep going.  A short while later Tom stops next to a tree.  
The leafy branches protect us from the light of the nearest lamp, and from being seen, but mean its hard to see ourselves.  Tom puts a finger to his lips, and we all stand still, listening.  Satisfied we are alone; Tom starts to climb.  Shit.  The tree is pretty large, a beech I think, and although it does have a few branches and knots to hold, it looks beyond the tree climbing adventures of my childhood.
Victoria gives me a little push, and I step forward, my heart sounding louder than it should.  I strain my eyes and grip the first knot, and then I slide my foot up, pushing it into a little indent.  I raise my right foot, holding on tight, and extend it as high as I can, wedging it onto another tree knot.  
Tom is already on a large branch, balancing without any apparent strain, as he crosses the wall.  Pushing my feet in hard, I lunge my body up and grab hold of a small branch.  I pry away my left foot and push it against flat tree bark, then, holding on firmly to the branch, I let go with my right foot and manoeuvre it higher, this time wedging it on a branch set around the side of the tree.
Youre doing well.  Keep going, Victoria murmurs.  Shes still on the ground, not at all far below me.  Tom is now out of sight.
Precariously holding on, I use all the energy I possess to keep my position.  I let go of the knot and reach for a large branch above it, my eyes adjusting to the darkness.  I know if I can get a hold of this one, the hardest bit is done.  I miss, sliding sweaty fingers down rough bark.  
I take a deep breath and try again.  I just manage to get hold of the side, and move my lowest leg onto a previous handhold.  With that as leverage, I push higher, and this time I get a proper grip on the branch, enough that I let go with my other hand and swing across, so both hands are clasping the bark.  I give myself one second to take a hurried breath, and then move my left foot onto the small branch I was holding before.  I push with my legs, and pull with my arms, pushing my body onto the branch.  
I hear Victoria scuffling below as she starts to climb.  I grab a higher branch and use it to get to my feet, and then take a giant step up, onto the branch that led Tom over the wall.  I dont have his balance, or his confidence, so I use other branches to keep myself stable as I shuffle forward, one tiny step at a time.  
A second later Victoria appears at my side.  How did she do that?
Over the wall, all I see below is gaping darkness.
Get down on your bum, then grab that branch there, and swing downward, then drop.
I swallow nervously, but lower onto my butt as she said.  I lean forward and hold on tightly to a small branch coming off the one Im sitting on.  
One.  Two. Three.  
I take my weight off the branch, and hold on for my life as I swing into the dark.  I swing too far, and swing back again, my arms killing.  I tighten my grip regardless, grit my teeth, then drop, bending my knees; ready to hit the ground.
My feet hit crunchy leaves, then springy grass.  I start to topple sideways, but firm arms grip me.  My heart goes through the roof.
Its me, Tom.  Calm down, he whispers.  
He must have heard my accelerated breathing, and if he heard it, what else might have?  Shit.  Shit.  Shit.  What is wrong with me?  Why do I keep believing them.  All this seems mightily scary, but really its Victoria and Tom I should be afraid of, not bloody vampires and werewolves.  Or, what were the anything else Victoria mentioned?  What could they be?  Shitity brickitythere better not be zombies out here.  No.  The darkness, the sense of apprehension, thats whats scaring me.  None of those things exist.
Victoria drops down next to us, so softly I cant quite believe she managed it.  I hear an owl hoot nearby, and its louder than her bloody drop.  Maybe she does have superpowers.
This way, Tom mutters.
I follow him, treading as lightly as I dare.  Ridiculous really, why bother?  But I know why I do bother . . . this is freaking me right out.  Not only are we trespassing, or maybe not that, but at least; entering where we are not allowed.  Its really, really dark here, away from the street lights.  I glance up and even the stars look clearer, blinking down at me, making me feel typically insignificant.
Tom stops not far ahead, and takes a seat on a park bench.  He pats the seat next to him for me to sit.  OK, so not what I expectedwill they be pulling out champagne next?  A nice romantic midnight picnic, perhaps?
I do sit, and Victoria places herself at my side.  I stay silent, listening to the sounds of the night.  Greenwich Park is large, but its not as big as Richmond Park; I can still hear traffic in the distance.  Closer at hand I hear rustling, probably animals scuttling in the bushes.  Probably.
We wait until I sense danger, Victoria whispers.
Oh, I say, my voice sounding small, even to myself.  Maybe thats her ability.
As we wait, not talking, nothing happening, I do begin to calm down.  Im thankful for the leather jacket as the night truly is cold, a course wind whipping around our throats.  Being out here doesnt feel romantic, or like risky fun.  Tom and Victoria are tense enough, quiet enough, for me to suspect they really are waiting for something.  They expect something to happen.  I expect us to sit out here all night and freeze our butts off.
Hunger is starting to resurface by the time Victoria speaks.  
Lets get moving, she says, swiftly standing and sneaking off like a jungle cat, into the trees.
I move after her as rapidly as I can, and Tom moves after me.  Hes as silent as a wraith.  I have no idea if Victoria has sensed danger, if shes just trying to stir up some action.  Or, maybe shes decided its time to give up, to go home.  But Im not about to ask either, I dont want to blow our cover if there actually is a cover to blow.
Victoria is hard to see in the dark, as is anything, but she is just catching enough star light for me to see her movement.  We walk downhill, closer to the centre of Greenwich.  After about ten minutes Victoria suddenly stops.  The three of us cluster together under a tree, and Victoria points ahead.  Tom nods in understanding.
Victoria starts creeping out into the open, away from the trees, away from the mass of crunchy leaves.  I look back and notice Tom has pulled a black hat over his pale hair.
I hear a groan ahead and snap my vision toward it, but I cant see a damn thing.  However, I know the noise wasnt Victoria.  She starts to move even slower, and at this speed even I can move quietly, but I fear Ill give us away by the sound of my heart rate, which is really thumping away now.  Its quite uncomfortable.  Without thinking my hand moves toward the stake in my inner pocket, then I stop, realising how ridiculous Im being.
I hear another groan.  It doesnt sound like a monster, it sounds like a woman whos . . .
I spot a hint of light under a tree.  For a second Im not sure what it is, but then my cheeks flush; its someones bum and its bloody well moving back and forth.  I feel like groaning myself, but in mortification.
I hear yet another groan, and this time set eyes on a small woman between the man and the tree trunk, the light just catching the side of her cheek behind his shoulder.  I think he is kissing her neck, and she is clutching onto him.  
For a second I expect Victoria to turn and back track, but she stays still, watching.  Waiting.  Please dont tell me shes some kind of voyeur.  
I glance at her face and am pleased to see she doesnt look like shes taking pleasure from the situation; she looks kind of disgusted.  She gives me a look, and Im not exactly sure how to interpret it, but I think she wants me to keep watching them.  
I quickly glance back to Tom, hes concentrating hard on the spectacle before us.  I notice hes pulled out a torch, but its not on.
Suddenly the woman groans more loudly than before.  The guy groans too.  He leans back, and then shoots his face toward her neck.  She yelps, and makes a strangled gurgling sound.  
Victoria coughs, a kind of ach hum, to get their attention.  
The man releases the woman, who slumps back against the tree, and he turns toward us.  His eyes are burning blue.  
Theres a click at my ear and a beam of light illuminates his face; and blue flames dance where eyes should be.  For a second I think it must be Aaron, and my blood simmers, but then I realise the guy has lighter hair, and hes stockier.  
Its not Aaron.  Phew.  But I dont know who it is, or whether it is a who at all.  
The stocky man snarls at us, the torch-light glinting off long fangs, which are actually dripping with dark red blood.  His forehead is bumpy and deformed, and as he jumps forward I see he has long talons instead of fingernails.  
Victoria pulls one of the stakes out of her jacket and jumps forward to meet the man; the man who I can see really is a vampire.  No waywhat Im seeing cant be right.  
I step back again as Victoria darts to the side, sticking out a leg and sending the vampire flying.  I back away further.  
Tom keeps his place, keeps holding the torch, illuminating the fight.  The vampire jumps to his feet, so swiftly I barely see him move.  He turns to face Victoria, and then glances from me to Tom.  He sprints away.  
Victoria swaps stake for gun, and she points, then shoots three times.  Her gun must be fitted with a silencer as I hardly hear a sound.  
Tom lights up the vampire.  As the first shot hits him; he falters, the second hits him and he stops, the third and he falls.  
Victoria runs after him, swiftly jumping on his prone form.  Somehow she is already holding a wooden stake.  She rams it into his chest from behind.  
For one second all is still, and I hear another groan, not a pleasurable one this time, from the woman under the tree.  
I want to flee, but my feet take me to Victorias side.  She climbs off the body and pushes it onto its back.  Tom shines his light onto the face of the dead man.  Its fangs have retreated, but its head is still bumpy.  There is blood around its mouth.  The body is already blue.
Immediately I feel sick, and step back.
Victoria turns her face to regard me.  She looks eerie in the torch light.  You see?
I am just about to nod, but a flash of movement makes me look up instead.  
Victoria swiftly stands, drawing another stake.  I catch sight of another incoming blur and Tom drops his torch, cursing.  A second later he has a stake in his hand and is locked in battle with a blonde woman, who is far too agile to be human.  
I freeze like a startled deer, then decide what the hell; I leap into the battle, coming to Victorias aid as she is thrown against a tree by a dark-haired male, whos emitting a low feral growl.  I step in front of her and thrust out my leg to ward him off, so she can recover.  
I am knocked aside so easily its ridiculous.  I roll onto my side, as Victoria jumps back to her feet.  
I catch sight of yet another incoming blur.
Hide, Victoria hisses at me.
I scramble onto my knees and retreat into the shadows of a tree, trying to get a hold of myself.  I am obviously not going to be much help, I am not as strong as Victoria and Tom, not as highly trained.  Victoria draws her gun back out and shoots, but the vampire shes fighting dodges her.  A second shot leaves the barrel and hits its target, just in time.  Victoria drives a stake into its chest as the next vampire arrives and barges into her side.  The three of them are knocked to the ground as Tom stakes his vampire, and leaps to Victorias aid.
Panic hits me and my breath comes in giant gasps.  I know one thing: Ive got to get out of here.
I turn and run.




Chapter 15:  In Trouble


I RUN TOWARD the light of Greenwich, the salvation of people en mass.  It is so dark I can barely see where Im placing my feet, but in the distance I can see the huge gates that lead out of the park, and glowing street lamps beyond.  My foot lands on uneven ground and I stumble, but just catch my balance before falling.  I push harder; Ive got to get away.  I just want to be back in my room.  I dont have my key card, but if I bang hard enough, surely someone will let me in.
I reach the gates and grab hold of the metal bars.  My spirits plummet; they are locked.  Stupid: I should have aimed for a patch of wall with a tree, like how we got in.  I look back over my shoulder, but against the lights of Greenwich the park looks like a black hole.  I can no longer hear the sounds of Victoria and Toms battle.  
I turn and eye the gate; the design includes sharp metal spikes along the top; theres no way Ill manage to climb over.  I turn my back on the gates and look into the darkness as my breathing slows, and as that happens I start to feel ridiculous; I shouldnt have run.  
Shit, Victoria was right.  Dr Flynne was right.  They are not insane.  I should have believed them.  Not only that, I shouldnt have deserted Victoria.  I should go back, see if theres any way I could help . . . I still have the stakes.
Tentatively I raise my foot, but cant persuade my body to move away from the gates.  I groan; how pathetic am I?  I close my eyes and lean back, but as I do I feel a strange prickling at the back of my neck, and I jerk open my eyes, immediately alert, my body zinging; ready to act, to defend myself.  But, as my eyes dart around, not seeing anything, not hearing anything within the park, I turn back to the light.  Behind the gates stands Aaron Knight.  
Shit.  Shit.  Shit.
I take a step back.
Hello Erin.
I take another step back.  And another.  This might be a good time to re-join Victoria.
Aaron smiles at me, his eyes crinkling, his pupils flaring blue.  I turn and start to sprint back in the direction I came, drawing a stake out of my pocket.  I hear a light thud behind me, and a part of me just knows that Aaron jumped the gate.  He bloody well jumped it.  What chance do I have of escape?
Victoria! I scream, now not caring if I attract the attention of the vampires she was fighting.  
A heartbeat later his arms are around me; one at my waist, one over my mouth; muffling my scream.  Yet, as soon as his hand touches my skin, all sense of fear fades.  I drop the stake.  I feel relaxed, and he lets me turn in his arms, meet his eyes.  The flames sizzle and sway, so bright in the darkness.
Hi Aaron.
He takes my hand and rubs in gentle circles, like before, immediately sending me wild.  My blood ignites and I push my body to his.
Lets get away from here, he murmurs, against my cheek, the skin to skin contact making me forget everything, forget why I had thought to run.
I nod.  Im desperate to be anywhere with him, as long as its alone.
He clasps me tightly in his arms.  Stay quiet, he whispers.
I nod again, and lean my shoulder into his ever so firm chest.  My air is whisked away as he soars over the ground, deeper into the park, into the darkness.
When we stop I have no idea where we are, its too dark to tell; I cant even see the stars, and I dont care because with one hand Aaron is stroking my cheek, with the other hes holding my hand.  The only thing I can see is his eyes.
I missed you, he says, his voice caressing the skin his fingers arent yet touching.  Where have you been?  Why havent you answered your phone?
Hmmm?  Ive missed you, I . . . I cant think about where Ive been, whats happened, all I can think of is him.  . . . want you to hold me.
I want to more than hold you.
Please, do with me anything you want, I say, melting my body into his, pulling at his shirt, finding the buttons and fumbling until I can pull them apart, until my hands are on his chest.  Its so cool, so smooth.  I run my lips along his collar bone, my hands finding their way under his clothes, holding his body as close as I can.
Erin, he murmurs, and then he pulls my lips to his.
His kiss is intense, all signs of holding back gone.  And as he kisses me he pulls off my jacket, flinging it on to the grass.  In one motion Im on top of it, and Aaron is on top of me, pinning me to the ground, kissing me hard, taking away my breath.  His kisses move from my mouth, to my jaw, and down to my neck.  
Twin points of pain explode where hes kissing, and I gasp, coming back to myself.  I try to push him off, but he is immensely strong.  I can feel blood leaving me at a frightening speed.  I can hear him gulp as it travels smoothly down his throat.  My heart races, and I push again.  
Breath quickening; I start to panic, and as soon as I do I feel the almost familiar surge of something in my veinsthat something that Dr Flynne claimed was magic.  
That magic simmers in my cells, travelling around my body, collecting, meeting in my mindand, as my body starts to fade, the lack of blood weakening me to a state beyond caring, beyond comprehensionthat magic surges forth, lighting the night, lighting Aaron.  At once his teeth withdraw.  I feel another sting as the twin points leave my skin, but then my awareness of life fades away.  
I see no more.




Chapter 16:  My Decision


WHEN I COME to, I cant bring myself to open my eyes.  I need time to acclimatise to the light, which seems disturbingly bright after the darkness of my last memory.  An image jumps into my head: Aaron with his eyes full of flame.  He grabbed me, whisked me away; put me back under his spell.  He bit me.
God, how I wanted him to touch me, wanted him all over me.  Pheromones; thats what Victoria told me it was.  They must be incredibly strong; I cant believe how much they affected me.  I wasnt even drunk.  Hmmm . . . maybe thats why my memory is intact, unlike last time.
I cant believe this is real.
My thoughts start to still, and I become more aware of my surroundings.  I can hear the beep, beep, beeping of a machine.  The pull of curtains over a rail, hushed voices . . . I must be in hospital.  But . . . how did I get here?
I brace myself, and slowly open my eyes, squinting; it really is bright and at first all I see is a blur, but then the room comes into focus.  I am lying on my back, so the first thing I see is a white ceiling, and the source of all things bright; a fluorescent strip light.  I lower my eyes and see a flimsy curtain hanging off a rail, surrounding me.  
I lower my eyes further and I see Victoria, asleep in a chair at my bedside.  She looks vulnerable, soft somehow, without her usual consuming control.  Her blonde hair is messed up and she has a smear of dirt on her jaw.
I move a touch, to lean and shake her awake, but a pain in my arm stops me.  I look toward it and see tubes attached to my forearm.  I look up to see they are attached to a blood bag, and an IV.  Immediately I feel weak, and kind of sick.  I wonder how much of my blood Aaron drank before my magic stopped him.  I wonder what happened after I passed out.
Victoria, I whisper, trying not to shock her.
Her eyes snap open, and her face breaks into a wide smile.  Erin, thank god, youre alright.  She shifts her weight around so shes on the edge of her chair, close enough to talk quietly, without being overheard.  What happened, after I told you to hide?
I . . . I completely freaked.  Im so sorry, I should have stayed to help you
Victoria interrupts.  No, you shouldnt.  I told you not to, youre not trained yet.
I shrug.  I feel bad though, you were in trouble
I was fine, I am fine.  I do this all the time.
Anyway . . . I tried to hide, but I panicked.  I ran.  But . . . I wasnt thinking.  I should have gone back the way we came, but I ran toward the main gates of the park . . . and then I couldnt get out.  Thats when Aaron showed up.  I started to run back to you but he got me, he touched me, and all I wanted . . .  
My eyes well up and I turn away.
Hey its OK Erin, you will be OK.  Did he, did you sleep with him?
I shake my head.  No, but I would have, I say, feeling sickened.
He must have known we had you, that you were going to be a hunter.  He must have meant to kill you.
I nod.  I think so, I say, my voice shaking.  What happened after . . . after my, umm, ability, kicked in?  He stopped feeding on me, but then, I think I passed out?
I could sense you were in danger, and came as soon as I could, but not in time to stop him biting you.  Im so sorry Erin, I should have got to you sooner.  I should have looked after you better.
Its OK, if I hadnt run . . . you could have, I say.
I wince at a pain in my neck, and reach to it with my free hand, but all I feel is some kind of gauze patch taped there.
Is it bad? I ask.
No.  It will heal, faster because of the injection we gave you.  At least . . . she says tentatively.  At least you wont become one of them now.  Do you still hate me for what I did . . . injecting you?
I shake my head.  I dont hate you, but . . . I am confused.  I just wish you had explained it all to me first.
I know, but you wouldnt have believed me.  If Id taken you out to prove they exist, without you having the injection first, then . . .
Yeah, I know . . .
We both fall silent, awkwardly.  I suddenly panic.  How long have I been in here for?
Victoria smiles gently.  Only a few hours.
Phew, for a second I thought it could have been days.  I spot a glass of water on a table beside my bed.  Victoria sees me looking and passes it over.
Thanks.  I take a long sip, feeling too weak to drink more, yet.  So, what did happen . . . after I left you, and . . . when you found me?
I felt that you were in danger, but the last vampire wasnt yet dead.  We finished him off as quickly as we could, and I came running to find you.  Tom stayed because we couldnt leave the bodies, and he had to inject the girl, the one who was bitten.  Sometimes its possible to stop the venom taking hold, if we inject them in time . . .
Was she OK?
Im not sure yet.  Tom took her back to headquarters
Headquarters?
The house.
I nod.  I should have known.
Anyway, I got to you just as that cloud of magic threw Aaron away from you, but then . . . I guess when you passed out the magic dissipated.  He was just about to attack you again when I kicked him away.  She laughs, and I raise my eyebrows in query.  He kind of scowled at me and then ran off.
Hes still out there?  You didnt kill him?
She shakes her head.  No, I couldnt follow himI was too worried about you . . . you looked so pale.  I got you to the hospital as quickly as I could.
I close my eyes, my head hurting.  If Aarons still out there . . . he could be . . . hurting other women.  He could be killing them, or turning them.
I turn my head away from Victoria again, feeling sick.  Tears overflow my eyes.
I hear Victoria shift uneasily in her chair, but she doesnt comfort me.
Do you want to sleep? she asks.
I shake my head.  Can I . . . can I see Ray, ummDr Flynne?
I will call him.  I wont be long.  With that she gets up and leaves me alone with my thoughts.
I dont have much time to dwell on them however, as no sooner than Victorias left me alone, a nurse pops in and starts checking my vitals, asking how Im feeling, that kind of thing.  I wonder what Victoria told them happened, and decide thats something it would be best not to ask the nurse.  
I wish my parents were here now, looking after me, but . . . Im sure they have no idea Im in here.  I cant imagine Victoria told them, and maybe its best they dont see me like this, that they dont know the danger Im in, or what Im planning to do.  They might be so worried theyd make me go home to recover . . . and I cant imagine theyd be happy to see me return to uni when Im better.  
Yet, I cant imagine not returning.  I want to recover.  I want to get back to my life, start my classes.  I want to meet the other hunters, and get to know people on my course.  I want to learn about history, and especially about mythology.  And, most of all; I want to see Alice again, apologise for whats happened, my absence.  I want to make sure I havent ruined my friendship with her.  Hey, I even want to see everyone else from our hall; Rhys, James, Louis . . . they would be a welcome trip back to normality. 
As the nurse leaves, Victoria returns.
Hes coming, she says.
How long?
I already told him what happened, so hes ready.  He should be here within half an hour.
Can I . . . is there a mirror I could use?
Victoria has a quick look in the drawers, but shakes her head.
I groan.  Do I look really bad?
Again Victoria smiles gently.  She shakes her head.  You look pale, and you have shadows under your eyes, but you dont look awful.
I can tell shes lying.
Can I have a moment, by myself?
Victoria nods.  Ill be right outside.
I manage a weak smile.  Thanks.
With my one free hand I try to prune my hair into shape, and wipe at my eyes, trying to remove makeup thats smudged from tears.  I reach for my water and swell it around my mouth, trying to dispel the terrible dryness.  Satisfied Ive done as much as I can; I close my eyes and wait.  
Its not long until the curtain moves to the side and Dr Flynne steps into my enclosure.  He looks tired, dark shadows framing his green eyes, and his shirt is rumpled.  His expression is set, expectant.
Professor I . . .
He waits, silent, regarding me with his piercing gaze.
I want you to teach me . . . please.  I need to protect other women from Aaron.  I need, no . . . I want . . . to become one of you.  I pause, take a deep breath, and lower my voice to a whisper.  I want to be a hunter.




The End

Keep on turning for a sample of Book 2





Fighting the Flame (Hunters Among Us, Book 2)




Chapter 1:  Lies


ALICE STEPS INTO the hall.  When she sees me her eyes light up, but then she narrows them suspiciously.  Where have you been?
I . . .
Her eyes widen, and suspicion is replaced by concern.  Erin, are you all right?  You look so pale.
I laughif only she knew.  I think Im OK now, but Ive been ill.  I decide not to mention that I was taken hostage by our flat mate, bitten by a vampire, and that Ive just been pumped full of fresh blood during a lovely stay at the local hospital.  Instead I lieIve been at my parents.
Yeah, Victoria said, but I started to get worried when you werent back for class yesterday.
Umm, thanks for thinking of me.  I cant believe I missed my first proper lecture.
I step past her and swipe entry into my room.  Alice follows me inside.
I was planning on coming back Sunday night, but suddenly came down with a stomach bug.
Alice screws up her face.  Youre OK now though?
Yeah, I plan on going to class.  I look at my watch; its midday.  Ive got Mythology at two.  Did you have class yesterday?
She takes a seat on the edge of my bed and nods.  It was OK, introductory stuff reallypretty simple.
I catch her looking at the plaster on my neck.  Its nothing; my cats just a little wild.  So, how was your weekend?  I shift my voice to a whisperAny luck with Rhys?
Alice smiles and shuffles back on my bed.  She lifts up her feeton which are cute bunny slippersand hugs her legs to her chest.  We did hang out.  I went to the Union with him, and Louis and James, on Saturday night.  That was funa good band was on.
Did Rhys pay you much attention?
We danced.  Does that count?
Most definitely.
Alice giggles, and I can see talking about Rhys did the trick; Im forgiven.
I unpack my rucksack in front of her, glad that Victoria put in things its feasible I could have taken on a trip home.  I pull out my phone and plug it in to charge.  Victoria finally returned it, and my wallet, so I guess they really have decided I can be trusted to keep their secret.
Have you heard from Aaron at all?  Alice asks.
No.
Thats good, Alice says, mistaking my tone for sadness, when really Im bloody angry at him.  He failed to tell me he was a vampire, and nearly killed me, and now I want to kill him.  And I hope to do that before he gets to anyone elseif he hasnt already.
Yesit is good.  I know that.  I smile.  Thanks again for looking after me the other night.  I realise I havent had a chance to
Dont worryI was glad to help you.  But . . . she breaks off, pausing to challenge me with a direct look.  It would have been nice to have a phone call.
Im so, so sorry.  I would have, but I was such an idiotI only realised my phone battery was dead on the train, and that Id left my charger here.  I dont have a spare one at home.  
Another lie.  
Really I was locked in a basement, and didnt exactly have the luxury of a phone . . . but I suspect telling her that wouldnt be in keeping with my promise of secrecy.  I hate lying to her; its making me feel terribly guilty.  But, if Im really going to train to be a hunter, I suppose I had better get used to it.
I search the floor for my pad and class schedulethe things Victoria emptied from my bag while I was locked in that basement.
Watcha lookin for? Alice asks.
My uni stuff, I
Is that it? Alice says.
I let my eyes follow Alices gaze and spot a very neat stack of my possessions smack bang in the middle of the desk I havent yet used.  I should have knownVictorias room was freakishly tidy and minimalist.
I whisk my schedule out from the bottom of the pile, scattering my things into a more comfortable mess, and take a seat next to Alice to inspect it.  
Alice peers over my shoulder.  Hey, thats not too badyou only have two nine a.m.s, and you have a whole day free!  That is so not fair.
I realise shes right; I do have Fridays off.  It says its a study day.
Alice shrugs.  I dont reckon well have much to do this yearfirst year uni is supposed to be a doss.
For you maybe, but remember I havent studied history before.  Ive got some catching up to do, I mutter, wondering if Dr Flynne has made my day free of lectures with another purpose in mind: hunter training.
Youll be fine.  Listen, do you think youll be well enough to come out tonight, theres another band . . . ? she taunts playfully, trying to make me smile.
I really would, but . . . tomorrow?  I think I should give myself a bit more time to recoversubjecting my body to alcohol poisoning so soon after a stomach bug: not a good idea.
Alice giggles.  You know Ill hold you to that, its not so fun going out without you.  She leaps off my bed.  Ill leave you to get ready, Ive a lecture myself.  She gives me a little wave and a smile as she heads toward the door.
Hope its OK, I mumble, looking back at my schedule.
I actually only have four lectures, each taking up a two hour slot, and it looks like theyre all in the same building, which makes things easy.  Monday mornings I have to be in at ninetypicalfor what looks like it will be the most boring thing of the week: Introduction to History: Themes and Practice.  And its taught by Professor GreenplankI will definitely be falling asleep in that one.  
Today Ive got Dr Flynne for Mythology.  I am intrigued about this one, regardless of it being taught by the man who arranged my capture.  After that I have a meeting with the man himself, to discuss becoming a hunter.  I cant deny that Im nervous.
Tomorrow I dont need to be in until eleven, when I have Poverty and Wealth with a Dr Merton.  On Thursday I have to be in at nine again for History Headlines: World Wars with Professor Stiles.
I smile, pretty pleased.  It looks like I wont be spending that much time in class, and, at least for the immediate future, I will be able to focus on the most important thing: getting myself prepared to destroy a certain vampire.  
I shiver; just thinking about Aaron is horrible, remembering what he did to me.  The worst thing is the way I felt when he touched meit made me feel so good that I forgot about everything thats important, and I trusted him.  If Im going to finish him off theres no way I can let him touch me again, or I will fail, and he will kill me.
I put my schedule aside, and begin to ready myself for class.
An hour later Im sitting on a bench in the serene university grounds, tucking into a substantial BLT.  It tastes unbelievably nice.  I hadnt realised how hungry I was until I opened my fridge and discovered the only things it contained were the dregs at the bottom of a milk cartongone offand some wilted rocket.
Sandwich eaten I walk toward the enormous building where all my lectures are to be.  Im a bit on the early side, so take my time.  The air is crisp, but it feels good; refreshing after spending the weekend in a curtained cubical that smelled of disinfectant.  
I reach the lecture theatre and nip in at the back before the room fills up.  I can see Victoria at the front, sitting next to Tomthe other hunter I metand they are chatting in hushed tones.  I dont really want to sit with them; Tom wasnt particularly friendly the night they took me out to prove vampires exist and the night didnt go too well, me ending up getting bitten and all.  
And Victoria.  WellIm not sure how I feel about her.  I now know that she was right, that vampires do exist.  I know that she was telling the truth, and that she and Dr Flynne believed they were doing the right thing by capturing me, and injecting me with the vaccine that apparently will stop me being turned into a vampire or a werewolf.  
But the way they went about it is . . . hmmm . . . disturbing.  I resent her, but I hope that I can get past it, because I need her, and I need Dr Flynne.  I need their help, and their equipment, in my fight against Aaron.  I know they have much to teach me.
I jump as someone takes a seat at my side and says hello.
Hi, I say, blushingI had barely noticed the other seats fillingand turning to see who has chosen to sit by my side.  Its the lanky guy, as Ive come to think of him, and decide I better remedy that.  Whats your name?
Larry, he says, and I try not to giggle, immature I knowbut Larry just reminds me of lanky so its going to be pretty hard to get that out of my head.  Whats yours?
Erin.
Nice to meet you, he says, and extends his hand.
I take it and shake, chuckling.  I like that hes friendly, as everyone else seems to be so shy, even more so than me.
Dr Flynne walks down the steps and my eyes immediately track him.  Today hes wearing a pale pink shirt tucked into black jeans, not a look many could get away with, but on him it looks handsome.  The room falls silent, waiting for Dr Flynne to talk.
He looks up at the tiered seats, and smiles faintly, and then for a second his eyes meet mine.  He nods an infinitesimal amount, and I gulp, before his eyes return to his projector slides.  I think he looks satisfied that I made it in.  Just his presence is enough to make my heart beat faster, although Im not exactly sure whythat effect started before he held me captive, so I dont think its fear.
Dr Flynne clears his throat.  Welcome to your first Mythology class.  He smiles, this time warmly.  Greenwich has a long history of paranormal sightings, and legends.  Vampires for example . . .  
He goes off on one about historical sightings and their meanings to the culture of the times.  I try to concentrate, and jot down his main points, but my thoughts start to stray toward my meeting with Dr Flynne, alone, after class.  I cant help wondering about what I should say, how I should go about it . . .  
It seems like no time at all until the lecture is over, and everyone starts rustling with their bags and notes.
I turn to Larry.  I wasnt well yesterday, did I miss much?
He smiles.  Not really, it wasnt vampires.  Want to grab a coffee and copy my notes?
I blush again.  Idiothes going to think I fancy him.  I cant, Im sorry.  I have a meeting with my tutor.
Oh, OK.  Thats Dr Flynne isnt it?
I nod.  Whats your tutor like?  The other day you said it was Professor Stiles?  I noticed weve got him on Thursday.
He chuckles.  I wouldnt know; I havent met him yet.  See you tomorrow, he says, thrusting his notes into my hand.  Just give them back then.
Thank you so much, I say, and smile shyly as he walks away.
Victoria turns and catches my eye, and she tentatively smiles.  I wave back, but cant bring myself to smile at her.  Tom doesnt turn.
I swallow nervously and head toward the third floor and the office of Dr Flynne.


End of sample.  Fighting the Flame is available to purchase now!




Author Bio


M.D. BOWDEN lives in England with her partner and two young children. She enjoys spending time with her family, in the sea, on the cliffs, and reading as much fantasy as she can get her hands on.  She is also author of The Two Vampires series and Gateway to Faerie series.

Note from Author:
I hope you enjoyed Tempted by Fire, and I would love to hear what you think.  You can contact me on Twitter or Facebook, where I also post news of my latest releases.

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/manderbowden81

Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/mdBowden81

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mdBOWDEN


