


Mosa II

The Empire

Written by Jungwhan Kim

For God did not send His son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through Him be saved. -  John 3:17

Contents

Chapter 1	7
Chapter 2	16
Chapter 3	26
Chapter 4	42
Chapter 5	47
Chapter 6	62
Chapter 7	76
Chapter 8	82
Chapter 9	93
Chapter 10	103
Chapter 11	111
Chapter 12	125
Chapter 13	130
Chapter 14	141
Chapter 15	150
Chapter 16	162
Chapter 17	168
Chapter 18	179
Chapter 19	184
Chapter 20	190
Chapter 21	194
Chapter 22	199
Chapter 23	208
Chapter 24	219
Chapter 25	235
Chapter 26	241
Chapter 27	248
Chapter 28	253
Chapter 29	261
Chapter 30	274
Chapter 31	286
Chapter 32	291
Chapter 33	297
Chapter 34	306
Chapter 35	315
Chapter 36	323
Chapter 37	328
Chapter 38	335



Chapter 1
The Basileus Republic

The man walked up the marble stairs and entered the round hall where flock of people walking in every direction. The ceiling was high, the massive pendant which depicted assorted water drops hanged in the middle. Security guards were talking from a distance, wearing black sunglasses.  The man moved to the entrance of the ballroom where the red carpet laid. He showed his identification to the host who resembled a red nutcracker.
Enjoy the evening sir, said the host, politely, gesturing at him to go in. The man walked inside the ballroom in surefooted steps and paused for a moment, staring at the crowd. 
Table sixteen, table sixteen murmured the man, skimming through the room filled with men with tuxedo and women with fine dresses. There were green, orange, purple garden salads with white dressing and sprinkled nuts on the top. Alongside, white chicken breast and bloody burnt beef steak seasoned with salt and pepper laid flat on plates. Waiters and waitresses walked around with white gloves, pouring wines into the glasses.
The mans name was Protter. He was living in the country called Basileus Republic, working in the intelligence agency. He was having a dinner with his long time friend, Heston and his wife. 
From afar, one man raised his arm and waved at him, and the woman with a white silky dress showed her teeth. Protter grinned and went up to them.
His name was Heston, was a broad-shouldered, athletic looking man while Protter was skinny and bit baldy. They were both working in the intelligence agency for seventeen years now. 
Whats up buddy! exclaimed Heston.
Hello Protter, said Gloria, smiling.
Good evening, said Protter, sitting down in the chair. Heston sipped the wine from his glass. He seemed like he had a couple of drinks already.
Sorry Im late; I had to make some soup for my wife. She is sick in bed now, said Protter.
Oh my, is she alright? said Gloria. The summers over, people should be more careful.
Shes fine; she just slept with no blanket yesterday. Shell get over it soon, said Protter.
Gentle, said Heston, derisively.
So, did you guys order a meal yet? said Protter, facing them across the table.
Not yet, we just ordered this wine, said Heston. They say is a new brand, very disappointing though.
Uh huh, said Protter, stressfully, looking at the menu. He gestured at the waiter. When one of them came near, they all ordered the food.
I assume you would love to talk about those deformed animals walking around the city street now, but we figured it is not a dinner conversation, laughed Heston, glimpsing at Gloria. She shrugged innocently.
I bet the workload is piling up for you, said Protter.
Yes, but thats nothing compared to what youve gone through recently, said Heston, smirking. Hows your project?
You already know the answer, Protter sneered, frustrated about the topic. The ballroom was filled with conversation, munching sounds and plates clattering. Heston grabbed the wine and poured it to Protters glass.
Honey, Ill be right back, whispered Gloria to Heston, leaving her seat; she headed toward the restroom.
I had to say, Protter, how embarrassing this is. You cant even deal with that small country, said Heston, seeing Gloria walking away.
Who would have known? Protter sighed, gulping the wine to ease his burning chest; it was dry and bitter. Veron Komer wasnt pursuing a nuclear war. Although we knew he pursued the biological warfare, producing the bothlinum and plague bacillus But this was quite out of blue for us.
Yeah, I bet Nina Polchinski herself is surprised too, muttered Heston.
 Those media pundits are having a feast now, muttered Protter. Biological terrorists, the war, and the end of the dictatorship bluh bluh bluh they actually called Nina Polchinski the modern day Robin Hood.
Its not a bad description, said Heston, sipping the wine. Did you manage to track her down? 
She disappeared, said Protter, simply.
So whether Veron Komer intended to make those deformed creatures is pretty much clear now, said Heston. But Im guessing that he disappeared too.
Yes, said Protter. We dont even know whether Komer is alive. The agency is on fire! There are too many associates related with this filthy mess. I mean the drug cartels, various weapons dealers and other rebellious militants all took part of this It turns out that Veron Komer promised fortunes and and ensured the safety for them, said Protter.
I bet they are going for Ninas neck, muttered Heston.
Considering the time and resources they put in, said Protter. Presumably, yes.
Did the agency get something out from those guys? asked Heston. Before Protter could answer, Gloria emerged from his back and sat down.
They just talked about the cells which became popular since few years ago. After the success in this so-called Ephemera technology, Komer sold it to various other warlords in the world, meaning there are more creatures lurking around. said Protter.
Talking about the Cassandra again? said Gloria, smoothing her dresses with her palm.
Oh, yes, said Heston. Im sorry.
Dont bother. Im very much concerned with it too. I and my friends talked with a great length yesterday. Although the topic is too gory for me, I found it quite interesting, said Gloria.
Really? frowned Heston.
You know every government is full of problem with women, this case, they were literally destroyed by a woman, said Gloria, smiling. Heston and Protter looked at each other.
Are you saying she is a feminist? said Heston, playfully. Protter cackled.
Shes a hero, said Gloria, gracefully sipping the wine.
Aye, brave little girl, said Protter, heartily.
Do you think shes alive? asked Heston.
 Well, I think she is, said Gloria, sweetly, her eyes beaming with hope.
Hard to say, said Protter. Cassandra is a slaughter house now.
Heston cleared his throat and glimpsed at the waiter coming near. He brought dishes, steak for Protter and Gloria, and the grilled fish for Heston.
Enjoy, said waiter. If you need anything else, please let us know.
The waiter walked away; they looked at the food impatiently and hastily grabbed folks and knifes.
Ah! Good good, exclaimed Heston, drooling.
 Nevertheless, I do feel sorry for the girl, how did Nina end up in Cassandra? asked Protter, munching the meat.
I have no idea, said Heston, slicing the big chunk of fish and melting it on his mouth. 
Do you? said Protter, sardonically, curling his lips.
Simard Polchinski, Nina Polchinskis grandfather, was the military general in Cassandra before Veron Komer came to power. He was ill-obsessed with the bio tech, the report indicates that he could do some of the fancy tricks himself too, said Heston, cheerfully detaching the skin of the fish from the bone. That is, until he is killed by Veron.
I guess now that Nina earned the freedom, she will not return, huh? said Protter. Now all we have to do is cleaning up the mess she made.
I disagree on that. If she survived, Protter, if she did, I certainly think she will come back, said Heston.
To Cassandra, you mean? snorted Protter. Veron is as good as dead. Why would she ever want to do that?
Oh? Do you want to bet? smiled Heston.
Bet? said Protter, raising his eyebrows.
Yes, said Heston. His wife glimpsed at him, slicing the steak.
Well, ok, said Protter; he sniffed, clearing his throat. What do you want?
Hmm lets see, said Heston, looking at Gloria. I want the painting you have gotten from the auction. My wife loves it. Gloria smiled. Protter thought for a while, poking another meat from his plate and munching it. A moment later, his eyes sparkled and his mouth formed a smile.
Ok, I know what I want. If indeed Nina comes back to Cassandra and become a queen or something, muttered Protter, gazed at Heston and Gloria playfully. Invite her to this restaurant.
Heston and Gloria were left in shock but a moment later, Heston burst into laughter. People around them started looking at them. Heston grabbed the wine glass and raised it in the air.
Deal, grinned Heston, and they cheered.

Few years back, in the military research department where Simard worked. They were mourning for the death of the brilliant student, Alice Cvitanic, who discovered the Ephemera cell in the first place. Initially, it came from the crazy idea of hers to enable a massive production of cells to prevent people from dying when they inhale the poisonous gas. Simard was driven by an intellectual curiosity to finish her work. With his childhood friend, Jeffery Danver, they started the secret project.
But during the project, the civil war broke out and current regime lost its stand. Veron threw Simard and Danver into prison for an interrogation. However, they were released from the prison because Veron was pleased and very much interested in their research.
Although Veron have indeed been partnered with Simard for the project, Simard never really intended to help Veron. He tried to destroy the cells as it could lay horrible consequences.
They were pursuing the experiment by ignorance and persistency, carefully examined Alices work and successfully was able to put that into a practice, but as they did the real experiment using infants, Simard felt guilty and decided not to pursue the project. Danver however, disagreed with Simard that he believed that this technology will save millions of orphans from Verons hands, but Simard was horrified. Later this conversation was slipped by one of the secret police and afterward Veron contacted Danver to ask whether he could complete the project without further help from Simard. After the assurance given by Danver, Simard was killed.
Veron needed a much bigger production facilities in a secretive area. That is when Veron contacted the billionaire, Ricky Guido, who was suffering from the death of his wife, spending days and days in his castle with alcohol. Ricky had no children at the time, as his wife was barren.
Veron contacted him for the project in the Island of Riddles for the construction of a maze. Ricky threatened Veron to leave his presence as he abhorred the dictatorship, but later, he decided to undergo the project.
However, surprisingly, this massive behemoth has fallen by an outcry of the little princess, Nina Polchinski, so the partnership was cut off completely.

Chapter 2
The Aquarium

One orange lady bug was walking on the yellow leave fallen on the pavement. A moment later, the group of people ran over, squashing the bug, fleeing away for their lives. Suddenly the car appeared from the corner, turning wildly, making a loud screeching sound; it smashed few people and crashed on the wall. The driver plunged through the window to the car, hitting his head on the wall.  The flame broke out; the wind drove away the ashes. Scream and gunshots were heard, it was worse than the days of civil war.
The destruction in Cassandra was great, many have tried to get off the island but end up getting devoured by the creatures. There were no poor or rich, no ruler or slave; they all clustered around the shores grabbing the boats and ships to get out of the land. The night was dark, the thunder roared and the rain fell to the blood soaked ground.
People were helpless, all things swiftly passed away. Their body broke like bread; they cried and wailed. The storm raged in the sea, the giant wave engulfed the overloaded boat.
Titto peeked outside from the window, the black smoke rose and the series of panicking gunshots were heard. Veron Komer and other officers were still inside the base as they were afraid to go out. 
Titto assumed there will be snipers covering the ground. Also, he was afraid of a possible ambush from Nina Polchinski, as she will make sure that Veron doesnt escape. So he thought it is better to release the creatures and create an utter chaos. 
We will ride the tank as our runaway vehicle; we will head to the nearest Navy Fleet and use the submarine to escape, said Titto, toward the officers whose faces were white as sheet.
Those creatures can attack those who were using a cloaking device, as they rely on the smell and sound rather than their vision. Also, a massive attack from this monstrous creatures will be able to make everyone panic. 
Titto ordered officers to release Valentine and Melady from the cell. Also he fetched Thompson family from their house. Melady Thompson was a mute girl who worked at the small restaurant until Veron took her to his chamber and forced her to become his concubines. Valentine Komer, Verons wife, was disturbed and frightened by this chaotic situation. The officers brought Verons heir, his only son, Morris.
Morris was a fat, spoiled, annoying little kid who liked to kick and wail at every living creature. Even when Veron locked up his mother in the cell, he didnt even flinch, let alone visiting her.
Valentine looked extremely haggard and bloodless due to recent turmoil. Seeing Veron, she merely looked away, not talking to him, and grabbed Morris to her bosom. Melady was crying upon seeing her family, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson, whom they have not seen her for years. Titto was walking around in circle impatiently, looking at the clock on the wall. A little later, the army general named Logan Muller came into the room.
Tank is ready, your highness, said Logan.
Logan was the officer who has long served the army; he was a cruel and valiant. He won many battle during civil war, but he lost miserably against Nina Polchinski. His wounded pride made him burned with rage, pleading revenge ever since.
Lets go then! bellowed Veron.
The only problem with this trip was that they had to step outside of the tanks at some point, where the situation was far from controllable if the base is overtaken. There were ten tanks ready to go, they divided and entered the hatch. In the square, the soldiers ran and ran so they could escape. Quivering soldiers were firing their gun randomly as the creatures gushed right in the middle of the group, biting them. The bullets hit the others and many fell on the ground. The creatures dragged their limbs and shook them violently. The tanks ruthlessly crushed them and went out to the main street. The street was extremely congested. They crushed everything on their way.
After a rushed trip through the street, they could see the blue ocean. The check up area was deserted; the blood was splattered on the window. The ripped flesh lay on the ground. The yellow, black striped barricade was blocking the entrance, their huge thorns spiked up, but the tanks just crushed it and went inside. One of the tanks almost drove over to the sea as the driver was panicking. They moored right on the main building where the most navy ceremonies were hosted at. They opened up the hatch, looked around, seeing nothing, they went down quietly. The ships were out of light, merely floated on the water, the mooring rope stretched and loosened by the tide, making a loud noise. All looked like haunted ships, dark and lifeless. They had to reach the submarine base which was located inside the building.
The moon was pale, there was a silence. They entered the building. Tall bronze statue of Veron stood in the front. The hallway was dark, they used flashlights. The dim light flashed on the dark corridor, heavy dusts formed in the air. The windows were cracked, only heavy breathings and the anxious footsteps were heard in the deserted hallway. They needed to get to the floor where the submarines were located.
How far is it, Veron? whispered Valentine, soaked with sweat. She was grabbing Morris tightly. They could see the corpses and the puddle of blood. There were bullet holes on the side.
Very near very near, gulped Veron, flashing the seriously ripped corpses, his hand shaking. The fragments of the window cracked and snapped under their boots. Veron pinched his face; he is hoping that this was merely a dream, but he groaned in pain. They walked slowly, going down to the huge stone stair case, their gun raised.
When they approached the huge door, Titto pushed it open, it creaked. Mrs. Thompson made a whimping sound.
Shh said Titto, looking at Mr. and Mrs. Thompson embracing Melady. Melady was shaking, confused and scared, trying to calm down. When they arrived on the main floor, there was a huge garden in the middle, full of luxurious pine trees, and the pond. They normally have circled around to get to the end, which led to the dock.
Titto halted, extending his arm on the side, stopping people from approaching the garden. There were creatures feasting over some prey they have hunted. The lifeless corpse of some soldier was being ripped apart by the herd.
 We cant go this way, said Titto, feeling like he was walking inside the lions den.
We can take them, can we? said Veron, brusquely, looking at several creatures lurking around, but Titto gazed at the slightly open door across the garden. There were many shadows under the light. He led them with his pistol ready.
It is completely blocked, your highness; we have to go down to the aquarium, and then go up. said Titto. Valentine didnt like the idea, her eyes widened. Titto waved them back and they were out in the hallway again. They stepped toward the spiral case on the left corner. One of them tangled his foot and fell, making a huge metal sound, as the gun hit the rock. He almost rolled down the stairs, but the guy next to him caught him. All of them leered at him, held their breath, worried that those things might hear them. The area was clear. They pushed open the fancy door, which the carved fish and octopus were carved on it.
Do. Not. Shoot. hissed Valentine, seeing the massive glass ceiling surrounding them. Rare, colorful fishes swam around, showing off their shining fins, playing inside the water.
Everyone, draw the knife, said Logan, lighting up his cigar. He unbuttoned his sweat-soaked collar and took out the blue knife. It glowed in the dark. If men falls from the front, next row replace them. 
The soldiers did as he said, babbling with anxieties. One ugly dolphin appeared from the side, cheerfully jeering at them.
They moved on, the gold, red, grey fishes with various sizes and shapes swam. Turtle swam really close to the window, showing its yellow belly, paddling its short leg. Originally, this aquarium was made by some flattering officers for their career. It normally had that beautiful twinkling light on the ceiling but now only dim flashlight loomed in a darkest corner. 
Veron seemed to be reminiscing the past when it first came out. Things seemed not too distorted back then. He was boiling with anger every time he thought about Nina Polchinski, her selfishness brought the destruction, he said to himself. Blushing, he growled lowly with the hatred against Nina.
Daddy? whispered Morris.
Yes my son? said Veron.
Why are they so cruel? Those underlings? asked Morris, with his whining voice.
Oh son, you dont know them, all they want is to rebel against me, you have learned this from the institution, daddy is really proud of you. said Veron.
Yes, those people will pay for this. Those those insolent people, said Morris. Veron gladdened his heart as his son shared his thought.
Yes, thats my boy. It is used to describe those people. You are going to be a good ruler someday, I know it. Now when the time comes, daddy will punish those bad people, said Veron.
Valentine looked at them sadly and bitterly, but she no longer had a tear left to shed. They were about a halfway through. The soldiers seemed to be getting courage as nothing happened so far. Their eyes turned from fear to contempt.
Titto was starting to regret his decision, it would have been better to face Nina than this gruesome death, also he was worried about what these corrupted officers might do later on. As now the regime has been collapsed, there were no reason for them to continue serve Veron, although they seem to have a difficulty understanding the situation. But soon, he knew they will go for Verons throne and during the course, he and Thompson family wont be safe. He was full of worries and anxieties.
Those ugly creatures muttered one of the soldiers. How dare they touch the royal army? the others looked at him and agreed.
Yes, we should show that we are glad to serve Veron our ruler, the descendents of gods, cackled one of the soldiers. They chuckled.
We are almost there, said Logan.
But suddenly one of them kicked something dull. And their laughter died immediately, frozen. It was one creature on the floor, sleeping. It was smaller than others, about the size of a rabbit. It opened its reddish eyes and looked at them, sniffing. Melady startled, grabbing her fathers arm tightly.
 Ha! said Logan, taking out the gun. He went up to the creature and shot its head few times. It squealed and died.
I said no gun! screamed Valentine. Dont you know whatll happen if you hit the window?
Pardon me my lady, muttered Logan. But we have arrived, he said and opened the door. The smell of sea was getting stronger. They have entered the big open space; dim moonlight was shining from above.
The submarines are near, said Titto, his gun raised, staying close to Thompson family. Dont stop.
A moment later, they were right in the middle of the wooden boxes containing ropes, anchors and also some torpedo launchers. They could see the submarine from a distance. One guy was on the submarine, he looked as if he was forced to come out to look. He looked as if he was scared to death, looking around restlessly.
Logan cackled. I guess the creatures didnt bother to come to such a royal ground,
Hey rookie! We are here! shouted Logan.
Shut it officer, hissed Valentine, but soldiers didnt listen to her and talked among themselves, cheerfully waving at the submarine.
We are here! You glutton! shouted one of the officer.
Its an order! shrieked Valentine.
Alright, alright, shut up my comrades, lets move, shall said Logan.
And then they were attacked by the herd of creatures running toward them from the corner and from the top of the boxes. The soldiers surrounding them were shooting at the creatures in the dark, fell like a doll so they starting to run for their lives. Without luck, one of the creatures jumped from the building and plunged to Valentines body, and bit her head. She made an awful gurgling sound. Veron cried out, grabbing the creature and wrestled to take it away, but it was an useless attempt, Valentines body was lifeless, helplessly gave the last breath.
Morris panicked, Veron cried out, pulling the pistol out and shot its head, and bellowing with rage. But soon other creatures jumped from the building. They all gushed toward the submarine with a full speed, the soldier who was standing on the submarine waved at them intensely. 
They ran and grabbed the hatch and just jumped inside. Some of the creatures jumped toward the water, Mrs. Thompson screamed with horror as the creature went near her but it slipped its foot on the metal skin of the submarine and fell on the water. The survivors were now in the submarine, they closed the hatch. The creatures howled and jumped on to the submarine, scratching the surface. The submarine dived into the water and they escaped from Cassandra. 
The citizens of Cassandra were throwing money for their lives but it was no use. All people, men, women and children were left to die. There were agonizing cries and shrieks of terror.

Chapter 3
The Island of Riddles

The pirates and bandits who were out in the sea saw the destruction from a far, glimpsed at it and did not return to Cassandra. 
Alvin seemed to be calmed down, seeing the vast tide on the blue sea. Sense of freedom filled his heart. The land was nowhere to be seen, the grey clouds were moving slowly from the sky, the ship jumped up and down against the waves. The wind blew, messing up his hair, flapping his coat. The ray of sun came down occasionally. From time to time, the engine slowed down and the ship jerked as the propeller blade stopped abruptly. Lifeboats were out on the deck, the sun is baking the metal surface. 
Deep inside, Alvin was concerned about his family, Diana Cline, Tasha and Jake. Diana Cline was initially a maid when he was in Cassandra; they adopted two children after the peculiar encounter in the past. When situation became like this, they filed the marriage to the court as they didnt want more suspicious glares from Verons officers.
Gilbert should be waiting on the spot he told him to go. Hopefully those drunkards army do not get wiped out in the wilderness, he murmured to himself, missing his family. The soldiers were taking a nap and chatting amongst themselves. 
Alvin was the former Captain of the paratroopers division under Nina Polchinski who was the head of the military group called Machina. He was living away from Nina for some times. But later he came back to rescue Nina from Cassandra to take her to the shelter which was built by the mysterious architect called Ricky Guido in the Island of Riddles. He heard that it was the place where prisoners and criminals escape and hide. 
Captain Stein, who was the chief advisor to Nina, came near. He had a big bandage over his cheek.
How do you feel? said Stein to Alvin. The chilly air blew toward them.
We have pursuers, said Alvin, gloomily. We are rebellious, Stein, our end is dark.
Huh... yes, indeed bitter, muttered Stein. I think Nina finally recovered from the shock. She was shaking for few days.
What, did she really think that we are going to win the war? said Alvin with a dry laughter.
We won the war, said Stein, brightly. And we escaped from that stinking place.

Well, I guess we dont have to deal with Verons officers, said Stein, closing his eyes and enjoying the sea breeze.
Did Simard make those things, Stein? asked Alvin.
He did not, said Stein. Her name is Alice Cvitanic, one of the interns in the research department in military. Although final touch was contributed by Simard, most of the works are from her.
Huh that is why they call it Alices Experiment, muttered Alvin.
Correct, said Stein.
Alvin saw Simard few times before when he was in the paratrooper division in Cassandra. He looked cold and distanced when he visited the office. Alvin saw Nina there, that skinny little Nina. Alvin ran away after Simards army lost, and later when he heard Simards place got raided by Veron, he went back to the hideout in the town called Oldvale. When he entered the house, the door was opened. He raised his gun, hoping it is just a homeless. But when he entered, he heard someone crying. He searched the house, trying to find the source of noise. When he entered the room, he saw that the wall inside the room was broken, red axe lied on the floor along with the fragments of woods and the scattered bills. There he found Nina cowered on the dark corner, crying.
 Perhaps Ive been wrong about you after all, I didnt thought you would come back, said Stein.
What was your impression? asked Alvin.
Selfish, ignorant, said Stein, grinning. And stupid.
Alvin laughed, leaning against the fences.
You are right about that, Captain, said Alvin, looking up in the sky.
Alvin, you dont know it yet, but surely the LORD lives, our future is bright, said Stein.

Perhaps I missed you after all, said Stein, laughing. Glad to have you here. Im going to get some tea. Madam Wanda made some sea salted popcorn, check it out if you are interested, said Stein, tapping Alvins shoulder.
Aye aye, said Alvin.
When Stein arrived at the dining area, there were popping sound inside the huge metal pot.  The soldiers were walking around with a brown paper bag munching popcorns.
Hello, Captain! shouted Wanda, vigorously. Would you like some popcorn? I heard there was a herd of dolphin. Oh I love dolphins, arent they so sweet?
Yeah, said Stein, dully. I would like some tea please.
And oh Captain, I wanted to talk to you this! I heard over the dining table, well, not that I wanted to overhear their conversation. He was talking loud enough for those people outside could hear! Michel, yes, Michel Duffie! Thats his name, he is planning a horrible crime! shouted Madam.
A horrible crime? said Stein, frowning.
Yes! Yes! He said he is going to kill dolphins and eat them! screeched Wanda, her face gushing with blood. Oh, that cute animal! How can he be so cruel? And he said to me that he want me to skin it! And I aint gonna do that!
Ill give him a warning, murmured Stein. Tea please?
Oh, yes of course, my good Captain. Yes, yes please do! What would you like today? said Wanda, cheerfully.
Just a tea, muttered Stein.
While waiting for the tea, someone poked his back with the elbow. It was Nina. She winked at him.
Hello admiral, said Stein, kindly, slightly grabbing the tip of his cap.
Hi, smiled Nina, sipping hot cocoa as usual. How are you?
Feeling pretty good myself, said Stein. Wanda put the cup and slid it over to him.
I distributed every soldier to have a gurka sword, said Nina, pointing at the window across the table; there were Michel and Paul doing goofy sword fight. And I also made Alvin the Captain over paratroopers I hope James doesnt mind. He seemed really disappointed.
We should consider his contribution to the battle, said Stein.
Well, yes, but I shouldve listen to you, he is not fit to run a paratroopers. All he does is playing pilot while they jump off to the battlefield. Sarah played a role better, I promoted her.
To? asked Stein.
Lieutenant; and James is now degraded to commander, said Nina. Stein nodded. Wanda hand him a tea and popcorn in a brown bag.
On the deck, Michel swung the sword around, playing dumbly with Paul.
Does any of you guys heard about the Island of Riddles? said Sarah, watching Paul and Michel. She made a fishnet bed connecting pipes and the fences. She was tying up the rope from to dangle around the ship.
Not at all maam, said Michel.
Nah, said Paul.
Madam Wanda is cooking bunch of chicken now, said Sarah, her glass glittering with ice.
Huh, I thought we are low on that, said Michel.
Yes, but we cant eat it if it is all green and moldy. The refrigerator somehow stopped working, said Sarah, struggling to loosen the tangled net.
That is unfortunate, said Michel. Prepare for the hunger march, brother, the blades run into each other; it wrung with the light metal sound.
Yeah, yeah, muttered Paul. But if we put the chicken to the other ship, then we might not
We thought of that, after Madam Wanda put all the chicken inside the pot, said Sarah.
If we are lucky, we might even eat those monsters, said Michel.
I hate those things, said Sarah. I mean the smell, the looks! Im seeing on my dream now.
Well, thats that, Im going fishing, said Michel, glimpsed at Sarah with an oily look, Oh lieutenant, what would you like to have for a dinner?
Shut up, said Sarah.
Why bother fishing? Paul frowned. We are having chicken for a dinner.
Because I would love to try this! Michel grinned, pointing at the nice harpoon he got from the officer from the ship. Michel went to the rear of the ship and saw a herd of dolphins jumping ups and down.
Few minutes later, Michel caught dolphin. The shrieks of terror was heard when Wanda saw the dead dolphin, and refused to give out the food to Michel. In a dinner time he just roasted dolphin on the deck, alone.
This is nice, said Nina, looking at the sunset. It seemed like her heavy chains were cut; she felt refreshed but weak. She leaned her body against the fences. Her pajama formed a wave as the wind blew. Alvin, who was walking along the deck, approached Nina.
Nina put the machine suits, armories and logistics on all three battleships while the submarine followed. James and Nottingham was on the other ships.
How are we on the food, Nina? said Alvin, munching chicken, handing some to Nina.
About two weeks supply, muttered Nina, biting the chicken wing and picking the bone out.
Fuel for machine suit? asked Alvin.
Five days, at most, answered Nina. She felt strange, few hours before she was in the midst of the battle field, pumped up with adrenaline. Now all of that is gone. She is not feeling joy however, not accustomed to this peaceful air.
So, you came back, Alvin Caravel. How do you feel? I feel pretty good you know, smiled Nina, sheepishly.
Good to be finally start breathing, snorted Alvin. The war will start soon though. All the refugees will head toward the island.
Yeah murmured Nina. Dont want to think about that right now. But I feel really good that you came back for me.
Im worried about whether my family is alright, said Alvin.
Oh, said Nina, her smile fading a little. I thought the marriage was a disguise, said Nina, her hair blew against the wind. She felt a chill of the night air.
It was, said Alvin. Saved me from Verons eyes. But well, things happen you know.
Nina coughed a little, looking away from Alvin. She felt a searing pain, and the bitterness followed.
Im glad, well, I Im getting cold, said Nina.
Get some rest, you been through a lot, said Alvin.
I will, said Nina, rather coldly. She walked into the ship and went downstairs to the dining room, and stayed there for a while. Alvin and Nina was more than ten years difference in age. But she fell in love with him in the past, when Alvin took care of her in hard times. She kept it inside her as he was his subordinate and there were too many things to deal with. When Nina was sitting at the table, Sarah was just walked out from the restroom. She was grabbing her belly with a greenish face.
Hey Nina, said Sarah with a dying voice, waving her hand. Arching her back, she leaned on the wall, taking a deep breath as if she is having a labor.
Was something wrong with that dolphin? frowned Nina. Sarah shook her head.
I didnt eat that, it stopped being cute after it got roasted I think Wanda poisoned me, said Sarah, turned around and walked back to the ladies room. 
About half an hour later, Sarah came out again. She saw Michel standing dumbly and Nina crying. Sarah leered at Michel angrily.
Michel, what did you do? demanded Sarah.
I I dont know, said Michel. I thought she was mad about dolphin, well, she Uhh, started crying and
 Oh, it it is nothing, said Nina, wiping her tear.
Get out, you, hissed Sarah to Michel who was dumbfounded.
Of of course, said Michel. He quickly glimpsed at Nina and hurriedly went out.
What is wrong? said Sarah, watching Michel going out. Still nauseated, she sat down on the chair. Nina sniffed. Come on, whats bothering you?
I I didnt know said Nina, crying. They are serious.
Ok said Sarah, tapping her shoulder awkwardly; she frowned at her stomach pain.
Does, does guy always like that? You know just forgetting all the time in the past and moves on just like that? said Nina.
Uhh said Sarah. She didnt know what to say.
I thought, if I let him out for a while, then he would come back for me, I thought he was that kind of person But well he did! But he doesnt think of me that way, said Nina.
Did did Michel went out for a while? murmured Sarah. Nina leered at her, harshly; Sarah gasped.
 You you guys are same! Nina cried out, blushing, and walked out, bashing the door.

After Nina got out, the door sheepishly opened. Michel peeked inside and saw green-faced Sarah, who was ready for a third round in the ladies room.
Ok, what was that? asked Michel.
I dont know, said Sarah, sadly. She seemed to like you, is that a good thing?
No it is not a good thing, said Michel.
Huh maybe I should talk to her later, said Sarah.
Next day was a bright sunny day. Sarah was full of energy, led early exercise with soldiers. Paul and Michel didnt run, claiming that they were having a seasick. 
After breakfast, Sarah and Paul were reading an outdated magazine, trading with other soldiers with their own. Krieg and Jessica, who were top engineers in Ninas army, were repairing the cloaking devices and Machina suit.
They turned off the engine for a day in order to catch fishes. However, it was hard for those inexperienced fishermen to capture the right amount that is needed for the trip. Nevertheless they had a good time. They felt the life in Cassandra slowly disappearing, their hearts started healing. 
Michel went down to see the torpedo launcher for a check-up, while other people were fishing. After few minutes, he took a boat from the deck, lowered it to the ocean surface. He paddled and went to the middle of the ocean, singing a song. Paul and Sarah looked at him pitifully and waved him off. Michel went to the great distance, Stein frowned at him. There were numerous fishes swimming underneath, gliding inside the water.
With a full swing, Michel threw something afar and he did it two more times; swiftly, he ducked to the bottom of the boat.
BANG! The water scorched from the sea. The soldiers were startled at the sound and looked at the sea to see what is going on. The numerous fishes floated to the surface. 
Baby, grinned Michel. Sarah, dumbfounded with Paul, looked at the swarm of dead fishes.
The soldiers cheered with joy. They all lowered the boats and started to dive into the water. They picked up the fishes and seasoned it on the deck. They hanged some of them using a string under the sunlight to dry them.
Michel was a hero for the day; they lifted him up and carried him around the ship.
Dismantled Torpedoes, smiled Michel, touching fist with Paul and Sarah who were grinning happily. The soldiers made a smoked fish for the night and stored it inside the ship. The ship was moving in a full speed now. They brought the beer out and had a party on the ship.
Late at night, there was a thick mist. The ship slowed down, Stein frowned to see through the mist but wasnt able to do so; he grunted and went down to the sonar room.
The crews were at sleep; few of them, including Sarah and Nina were still up drinking in the room. They sang a song and laughed. Michel got knocked out and was snoring loudly so the soldiers threw him over a pile of smelly fishes and left him there.
Stein was observing the green dots flickering on the radar screen. His eyes sparkled.
We have arrived sir, said the soldier, watching the dot on the radar. Stein glimpsed at the soldier and stared at the radar. 
Turn off the engine; inform the admiral, said Stein.
At dawn, they were approaching the beaches. The soldiers were getting ready to land.
Waterproof sleeping bag, Woolen socks, Mosquito nets, Stoves, said Jessica, smiling at the various stuff spread on the deck. She took a slimy peach from the can and ate it. The soft sugary object melted inside her mouth. She glimpsed at people packing the logistics inside their huge backpack. It was still misty but they could see the huge shadows of the island from a distance.
All ready to go, said Krieg.
But as they approached, one of the ships exploded. The soldiers were screaming and yelling. Some of them ran up to the dock to see whats going on. They saw the crushed skin of the ship on the bottom. It was a sea mine. 
Is everyone all right?! shouted Nina. But before she could say another word, the bullets were fired from the mists. Nina ducked on the floor. The rocket flew and hit the wall of the ship. The ship turned its cannons and fired at the forest; the soldiers lowered the boats and approached the shore. The ship continued to shoot the artillery toward the island. After few rounds of shots, there was a deep silence grasping the wind.
On the shore, they searched the region but the enemies were gone. Nina ordered them to find the corpses or tracks, but they couldnt find any. They are now all gathered on the shore.
Is this the closest ground Alvin? said Nina, looking at the foggy island.
Yes, answered Alvin. Nina coughed a little, frowning. They will come back.
Casualties Captain? said Nina.
Four dead, three wounded, admiral, answered Stein. One of the ships is heavily damaged.
  There are many caves nearby; we have to set up the temporary base there. Get the Machina suits ready, we will form a defense line, said Nina, glimpsing at Alvin. How far is this lost-and-found?
About fifteen days, muttered Alvin. Its a creek; its a perfect place to set up a military base.
Hope your friend is not rusty on the battle Alvin, said Nina, looking at Alvins anxious face.
The island is huge murmured Nina, looking at the map of the island. I dont think we can travel with the Machina suit; we will pick the handsome amount of soldiers and fetch your family. Oh, Captain Stein?
Yes, admiral, replied Stein, turning to Nina.
Fire the spot one more time, said Nina.
Yes admiral, said Stein; he signaled the ship and they fired the cannons toward the forest.
Nina and crews ran toward the marshy banks and covered the ground. Ship moved toward the caves nearby and hid there. They started setting up the base, wiring booby traps and the barricade around the caves.
Nina gathered few of the ghosts and they formed a rescue squad. Alvin, Stein, James, Sarah, Paul and Michel were among the group. Captain Nottingham, Krieg and Jessica stayed in the temporary base. The squad packed few food and other equipments; they were strapped with cloaking devices. When they were done, Nina stood in the middle.
Now lets move quickly, she said, and moved toward the dark forest.

Chapter 4
The Pirates War

The sea became smooth; the reddish sun started to show its face upon the horizon. The chopper flew into the air, breaking through the clouds.
Karl Wolff was touching his black rifle, staring at the pocket book he grabbed from the gas station while heading to the chopper, also fetched few potato chips along with it. Tyler was leaning against the wall, leaving the potato chips untouched, haunted by the memory of the burning city; people were squirreling around, shooting at the hideous creatures who were attacking them. He wandered whether the people at the school survived. It was pretty well guarded basement, with many soldiers to protect them. But Karl said it is unlikely and thought it was a most dangerous place you could be.
Tyler clutched the rifle Karl gave him; he couldnt sleep well, afraid that he might have a nightmare. He was fumbling the rescue flare from a bag. The bag contained few survival kits which included compass, grenades, coil of wire, antibiotic cream, canned food, knife and bullets.
The pilot made a humming sound. His name is Toby, was a friend of Karl as he provided some of the trading route regarding cocaine. He was a junky, spending all his time in his room with cocaine. Still now, the white powder was in the dishes nearby the pilot seat. Tyler was frightened that the chopper will go down, but Karl didnt seem to care.
Tyler heard lots of rumors concerning Karl, and they were all bad. When he was appointed as a professor in the school, the parents got mad and protested to the principal. But Karl managed to keep his position as he had many friends in the political arena. Many say he is a secret police, spy or assassin. Tylers family is safe however, because they were out of town when this thing happened. Although by this time, they were probably devastated at the news. Karl didnt let him find his parents in nearby country, saying it is tedious and told him to shut up or hell throw him off the chopper. Tyler didnt complain, at least his parents are alive; he will get a chance to visit them again. What made Tyler afraid and curious about Karl is the rumor that he was a cannibal. He wasnt sure he works as the extra meat Karl is carrying.
He lolled back, completely drenched. Opened the bag of potato chips and crunched it. The salty, oily flavor spread in his mouth.
 Sir? Where are we going? asked Tyler, munching potato chips.
Some island where most of those things dwell, said Karl, with a low tone.
But sir, why? asked Tyler.
There is a man who owes us an explanation. We are going to look for the disappeared billionaire in the Basileus Republic few years back. He was saying to others that he was building some resort for his retirement plan, said Karl.

The name of the man is Ricky Guido. He drove the stockholder crazy when he sold all his estate at once, said Karl. Beloved by the journalists and conspiracy nut jobs, his face was all over the news.
Are you talking about that nut job!? shouted Toby the pilot, sniffing. There was a white dust around his mouth, his lips quivered slightly.
Yes, this happened in the same time when there was the raid in Simard Polchinski and his households, muttered Karl. Presumably it made Nina very upset.
Simard Polchinski, Ive heard about him sir, Professor Randolph was talking about him. said Tyler.
Yeah, yeah, he created those monsters! I know it! He is the one! Toby bellowed, slapping his thick leg.
Yes, Randolph likes to brag about his contribution to other professors. I bet you watched him talking and talking about Alices Experiment and the so called breakthrough in science havent you? Randolph indeed plagiarized Simards idea after his; he was trying to get all the credit for himself regarding that technology. He knew that Simard position is very weak, as he was basically a prisoner under Veron. So he made a move to steal Simards database. I mean his eagerness to become an asshole is utterly amazing grumbled Karl.
 silenced Tyler, crunching more potato chips in his mouth, feeling a little thirst.
 We will soon be arriving in the island. I dont know whether Nina survived the catastrophe. Even if she did, it is hard to predict whether her strategies will work in the wilderness. Nevertheless I do hope that she is alive right now, muttered Karl, excited. If anybody survived from the Cassandra, they will probably heading to the same direction as us.
We are expecting our park to be packed! All those pirates and slayers! shouted Toby, laughing.
Do you know what is going to happen if we meet, kid? said Karl, his eyes dangerously beaming. Tyler shook his head. 
The kingship war, grinned Karl, his eyes bulging out, tapping his black rifle. The one who gets Rickys shelter will rule the others.
Tyler felt a weird chill in his heart. Karl looked at him with such eyes filled with some sort of hope, which he didnt know how to describe it. It wasnt an ambition, nor greed or power. It dangerously glowed, made Tyler get a chill on his back.
Toby started humming the country song. He had many questions which he was reluctant to ask. But on the other hand, he was too curious not to ask; he stared at Karl for a while, who was looking at the magazine now, and opened his mouth.
Professor Wolff? said Tyler. Karl didnt reply, continued to read the magazine. The pilot started humming, drizzled the cocaine in his mouth, savoring it. Is it true, what people say about the murders in the abandoned barns?
And there was a long stunned silence. Toby stopped humming; he surely got a good hearing. Karl glimpsed at Tyler.
Partly, grinned Karl.

Chapter 5
The Quarrel

The village in the Island of Riddles looked very rural and small. It was made by Ricky by connecting the trains on the massive metal structures he built. It was in order to move the location whenever there is a heavy pressure from the outside forces. The village was made out of total eight trains. When moving the trains sometimes went underground and once in a while they travelled on the ground. It was very hard to know the whereabouts of the trains.
Highly sensitive political criminals and other refugees who were running away from their own government escaped to the shelter. Majority, but not all, was fighting for the liberty of the state. Ricky used to keep them in the secret rooms inside the underground tunnel. However as Veron was a subcontractor when they started the project, few of Verons officers were living inside the room along with them. Ricky was reluctant on having Verons officers inside the secret rooms because they might become a snare later on. But nevertheless Ricky brought them in, to smoothen out the process of completion of the shelter. Instead, Ricky built the alternate underground bunker underneath the island in case something happens in the secret rooms.
When there was an outbreak from Cassandra, Rickys worst fear has been realized. The remaining Verons officers, who were living inside the secret rooms in the underground, have revolted against him. Verons officers feared that Nina Polchinski or other foreign government will look for them for the crime of the genocide and the walls would not be enough to protect them. 
They have demanded Ricky to let them enter the bunker but Ricky refused. Now they have killed Rickys guards, blocked the entrance of their lodging area, and released the creatures inside the village, which ran and attacked the villagers. This movement was led by the person named Tim, whom Sharine and Kevin met during their run. Tim was one of Verons officers sent to oversee the construction of the shelter. Although kept the most of the details, Tim wasnt lying when he told Sharine and Kevin that he was a special investigator from the foreign land. He was making sure the operation runs smoothly. 
Ricky pushed the emergency button to flee from the location. The eight trains all ran to different locations on the island. Sharine Pestice, the castaway in the island and Kevin who were one of the hunters in the village were out in the wilderness for a picnic when this happened.
Sharine and Kevin opened the hatch, and saw the structure have been changed. There was no more spiral staircase but the huge sunken ground, where the light shone from above. They stared at the blue sky and the greenish trees on the surrounding.
Huh Hey, you sure this is the right place? said Sharine.
Yeah Kevin frowned and stared at the device. Sharine frowned at the blinding sight of the light.
Is this usual? asked Sharine, her voice little trembling.
No said Kevin.
Did you tell the tower that we are leaving? said Sharine, impatiently.
No I said I went out for a date, muttered Kevin. Sharine was boiling with anger.
You idiot! shouted Sharine.
Suddenly, they heard the howling. Kevin looked up, there were low growling from above; many disgusting warmish heads with fiendish teeth looked down at two little preys. Sharine aimed one of them and shot the thing. The creature squealed and fell to the metal structure. The other growled and snarled and started jumping toward them without much of a thought, squashing their body due to the height. Sharine and Kevin ran back to the hatch and closed the door. They ran down the stairs, on the second basement they stopped.
Wait! Wait! said Sharine, pulling Kevins back collar, Kevin slipped his left foot but managed not to fall on the floor.
 What should we do now? hissed Sharine.
Umm murmured Kevin and Sharine grunted. 
Great, said Sharine. At that time, there was a squealing sound echoed inside the tunnel.
Did that just came from above or down? said Sharine, frozen.
Down, Kevin gulped, clutching the machine gun.
Move, move move! hissed Sharine, hurriedly went down into the tunnel. Few creatures were seen; Kevin aimed at one of the creatures gushing toward them. Sharine shot at them.
I cant see anything said Sharine under the dim light, trying to aim at the running creatures inside the tunnel. As the mine cart were parked right next to the stairs, it wasnt too hard to find. Sharine stretched her arm forward and hopped inside.
Sharines arm wasnt fully healed, although able to move, the strength wasnt in it. They heard many shrieking sound surrounding them. They quickly pulled the lever and the cart started galloping forward.

One of the trains stopped in a region, hidden inside the woods. Glock stepped outside of the train along with other hunters. They took out axes and mauls and started setting up the barricades. As ammos were cutting short, they used melee weapons to kill the creatures. They needed artilleries in case other militants attacked them.
Thank you, said Glock, drinking the water which one of the hunters gave. He put aside the blood soaked hammer on the side, next to the crushed skull of the creature. Glock later went to the train where the Molly is. Molly, with her kitchen wares and ingredients she brought, continued the caf business inside one of the rooms in the train. Molly greeted him with a smile and gave him a gourmet sandwich. They opened up all the windows to freshen the air. They could hear the birds chirping. Mollys scent traveled with the wind. She cheerfully carried the fruits basket which lay on the floor.
Im going to make a jam today! exclaimed Molly.
Great! Ill make you a fire, said Glock. There are some logs that I chopped off this afternoon.
Sweet! said Molly, and the little girl came out from the kitchen. It was Laura, youngest of Rickys daughter. She smiled; her mouth is covered with brownish apple sauce. 
Hello there little lady, how are you? said Glock.
Good! said Laura brightly, showing her teeth. 
Did you say your prayers for the daily food? said Glock.
Yes, said Laura, smiling. I do it on every meal!
Good girl! How about a horse ride for you eh? said Glock. Laura ran toward him and hung on his huge arm. Glock lifted her up and put her on his shoulder.
Ill be back, said Glock to Molly. Molly laughed softly. Glock ran toward Rickys house. But when Glock got to Rickys house, he wasnt there. Two other girls, Lauras sisters, opened the door for Glock.
Hello Glock! said Elizabeth. Maggie was running around in the living room.
Hello there, Maggie, said Glock.
Im not Maggie! bellowed Elizabeth.
Sorry, uhh, Elizabeth, have you seen Ricky? muttered Glock.
Oh he went down to the tunnel. He said he will contact the other parts of the village, for the check up! said Elizabeth.
He was quite angry when he left! shouted Maggie from the living room.
Well, everything is under control now kids, it was brave of you to endure such monstrous creatures, said Glock.
Wait, are you going to leave us? said Maggie, who came near to Glock.
Uhh murmured Glock. Well, you see, everything is under control, there are no more monsters around.
Yes Glock, so please dont go, said Elizabeth, charmingly.
Yeah, Im bored! said Laura. Show us some tricks! 
Glock wanted to go back to Mollys place. But three girls were looking at him now, their eyes glittering.
All right, Alright, sighed Glock. Ill stay I guess,
Yeae! Ill bring some tea, Glock! Play with my doll, they want to have tea too! said Laura.
Of course, of course, murmured Glock, and entered the house. Elizabeth told Glock that Ricky went down to the transmission center underground. It was to make sure everyone was alright. Glock was worried about Sharine. He surely hoped that she was with Rove, his friend who runs the motel in the village. 
Ricky checked all the families. There seemed to be no casualty during the mess. They all have reported except Seth, the head of the hunters club, who was always lousy about keeping track of number of people in the group. Seth said he was mending the list, which made Ricky furious. He threatened to fire him.
Few of the villages were relocating the area. As they have seen some of the hostile population. Later Ricky went back home, seeing Glock and his daughters inside the house. He smiled, gave thanks to Glock for babysitting. Glock said good bye to them and went outside. It was chilly night, Glock was still curious about what happened to the Sharine.
Glock went down to the underground. There were several guards standing to take care of the creatures from approaching. They nodded to Glock as they passed by. He passed by many rooms until he approached the one with the open door. It was the room full of machines and wires. There were few people there, communicating with other divisions. 
Glock asked them to contact Rove in a third division. One of them nodded, sipping a cheap black coffee. A moment later, Rove was on the line.
Hey Rovvy, said Glock.
Hi Glock, said Rove. One of them almost snatched me while I was running toward the train. Luckily it missed.
Quick enough for your age eh? said Glock. Rove chuckled.
I saw you crushing them like a bulldozer, said Rove. Im so relieved that all the villagers are safe.
Good, good, said Glock; he sighed with relief, wiping his sweat from his forehead. So how is she doing?
Whos she? said Rove.
You know, that woman with a wounded arm, said Glock. There was a silence, Rove seemed like he lost the word.
 She said she is going to meet you, I thought muttered Rove.
Glock panicked. His body shook and sweat gushed from his body. Her face came to his memory: the mysterious night when they fought, her poor body passed out in his raft and her eyes flickering with hope when she saw the village. How she have finally found the resting ground, and he let it slip! Now she is in the wilderness!
Glock went out of the communication center to find Ricky. He first went to Rickys house but the children said he went out again. Grunting with frustration, he asked the villagers where Ricky went. The villagers told him that he is having a meeting with the hunters regarding the defense. Glock walked up to the room inside the train where many foot prints were around the doorstep. Glock pulled the doorknob and swung the door open.
Sharine is gone! bellowed Glock. Inside the room, there were bunch of hunters gathered around for a meeting; they all stared at him. Glock ignored the fixed gaze upon him and walked up to Ricky.
Well have to send the rescue squad! added Glock.
What happened, Glock? said Ricky, raising his eyebrows.
She left! Sharine Pestice, your friends daughter! I cannot find her anywhere! shouted Glock, outraged.
 Have you checked all the divisions? asked Ricky.
Yes! She never came back to her room! bellowed Glock.
Now, now, calm down, said Ricky.
Ricky! yelled Glock, like thunder it vibrated the room, the hunters were startled.
Gentlemen, we will continue this later, I have to talk to him in private, said Ricky, dismissing the crowd. The hunters squeamishly went out the room, glimpsing at Glock as they did. When they were alone, Ricky gestured Glock to seat.
When did this happen? asked Ricky.
This morning, Ricky, said Glock, putting his hand on his forehead, and collapsing down on the chair, it made a huge creaking sound.
Was she alone? frowned Ricky.
I I dont know, said Glock. There is no reason for her to leave like that, I mean She needed the shelter, she couldnt have just left.
Ricky looked really old, his wrinkled became deepened than usual and he walked around feebly toward the fireplace, looking at the flame.
Its unfortunate that Ms. Pestice left the town, in a time of such emergency, muttered Ricky.
Unfortunate?  It is your friends daughter you are talking about! Glock stood up, protesting.
Calm down Glock, there is nothing we can do at this point, said Ricky.
How can you be that insensible? I mean we have to send a squad, Ill lead them, Glock grunted, standing straight, making a fist.
I will not allow that, said Ricky.
For your dead friend, dont you have any sense of duty? She came to the village so she has a right to seek our protection. That is our law! Come on, there has to be some conscience left in you! shouted Glock. 
Think again Glock, snapped Ricky, coldly however weakly. Glock mouth dried, blood spiked up to his head.
Why? growled Glock, boiling with anger.
Why do you pity her Glock? You dont even know her, snarled Ricky. Glock didnt resist the anger and bellowed. The chair fell down and the vase on the table stumbled and crashed on the floor. He ran toward him and punched his face. Ricky knocked on the ground, hunters came in, yelling.
They were grabbing Glock on the corner. But it was hard as Glock was huge and strong. Glock pushed the people and broke free so they aimed the gun at him. He breathed heavily, looking at Ricky on the floor. The blood was coming out from Rickys mouth. Few hunters gathered around and helped him up.
Stop stop! shouted one of the hunters.
What is wrong with you Glock! said the other.
I had enough of this, growled Glock and went out without looking back. The door remained opened; it swung as the wind blew.
Are you alright sir? muttered one of the hunters. He startled as the door got closed due to wind.
Yes, yes, said Ricky, adjusting his jaw, it made a cracking sound. Is there someone else who is gone?
Uhh yes sir, we just found out from the second division, his mother started crying out. Its Kevin Morrison sir, said the man.
Ricky didnt say anything; he didnt recognize the name. He coughed a little, but managed to stand up.
 The island is a mess right now. Soon all of them will start look for us, said Ricky.
But we have enough artillery for our defense we can deal with few pirates said the man.
Not just the pirates, but the world. We should prepare everyone to enter into the bunker, said he. Ricky was pale. The hunters looked at each other, scared.
Underground bunker was the bunker used in the emergency situation. It had the six month supply of food and drink. The location of the bunker was hidden from the outside world.
They think I created those monsters which destroyed the handsome profit they are getting from Cassandra and screwed up their street. Pissed them off pretty bad I shouldve been more careful, said Ricky sighed with disturbance. He first had to deal with Verons officers as they have released a good portion of creatures inside the tunnel. As they were in a direct control of the facility, the damage it caused was great. Ricky also had an override protocol to release all the creatures at once inside the tunnel. But he is saving that for the right timing.
The villagers came around and talked about what happened, murmured among themselves. They have heard about Glocks quarrel with Ricky and the troublemaker Kevin. Most of them thought Glock acted too violent as Ricky was quite old. They didnt even greet them and hunters avoided them too. Glock had enough of those accusatory looks among the villagers, Glock grunted and went to the Mollys place and stayed there.
Come on Glock, they will be alright said Molly. She gave him a hot tea, but he did not drink. Molly sighed, sipping her own, looking at Glock.
I bet that Kevin, that scoundrel, got out with her to show off his hunting skill! growled Glock, punching the table. The salt and pepper jar clattered inside the metal holder. The tea danced, spilling over the side. Molly flinched a little. I heard he boasted to his buddies that he had a date!
Are they going to get them? asked Molly, grabbing the towel to wipe the spilled tea on the table.
No, they say it is too dangerous, said Glock, grimly.
She is still in recovery, I hope the wound cures it well, said Molly, stirring the honey into her tea. It was a nasty wound, quite a wild girl she is.
 Yes, I brought her some herbs, I think it would help her heal the said Glock.
Well, she is quite beautiful I guess, said Molly. Glock coughed a little, sensing his ears got reddened. He glimpsed at Molly shyly and sipped the beverage.
I didnt You know, helped her just because... I mean I think you are pretty muttered Glock. And Molly laughed.
Thank you, giggled Molly. 
They chatted for a while, about what was going to happen, who is attacking them and so on. Glock drank almost the whole pot of tea.
Theyve found some man in the forest today, muttered Glock. One of the hunters found it while hunting for a deer. I came to look at the man and saw his body swelled up badly.
Was it a creature? asked Molly. Lighting up the oil lantern as it was getting dark. Glock shook his head.
I dont know, we think it is some sort of a plague he was bleeding from his body as if the skin melted, said Glock. Molly gave a horrified glance.
Are we inside the red zone? whispered Molly, setting down her mug on the table.
Im not sure He would have told us if
I better go talk to Ricky, snapped Molly, walked toward the door, grabbing her leather jacket and went out.

Chapter 6
The Outlaws

Poe Baring was the head of the refugee camp for many years now. He was a vigorous and fatty man. Poe was quite fond of his mustache and managed to maintain it while they were traveling in the wilderness.
The refugees were mainly consisted of those who got defeated by Veron Komer during the civil war. They ran and hid in the wilderness. Poe was the ex general leading an army, Gilbert was young lieutenant back then. They were warned by Alvin in Cassandra to get out of the country before a chaos and were at the Island of Riddles now. Nancy, Cline, Jake and Tasha were with them.
They were used to traveling. They knew how to set up the camp, how to find the water stream, hunting and guarding people at night. They doubled the security than usual due to the constant attack from the creatures and bandits. Whenever they came close to the creatures nesting ground, they kept coming and coming after waves. 
Theyve found out that the creatures dwelled mostly on the marshy ground covered with thick trees. So, theyve decided to travel through the mountains. They stopped occasionally in a stream. It was cold and refreshing. 
Poe had an old dog named Donald, Jake was interested in the old hound sticking its tongue out and running inside the woods cheerfully.
He is my old buddy, Donald, said Poe. Jake was excited about his dog. He petted him and threw bones to the dog.
Thats a weird name for a dog, said Jake.
Brave one, almost tore up by wolves one time! exclaimed Poe, ruffling Donalds head.
Poes son, Evan Baring, about the same age as Jake, didnt want to share his dog. He always looked at other kids with malicious eyes, attempting to harm them. Evan was training his dog to bark and bite the strangers. 
Poes wife, Catherine, was a hysterical woman. She always grumbled and was talking to herself. They didnt know much about her past as she never mentioned it. Diana saw that curled lips and eyes of hunting prey and refused to go near her.
Tasha was excited about the hunting. But unfortunately, when Tasha visited the guards to participate in hunting, Catherine was there. She let out a hysterical screeching. No foreigners, especially underage, are allowed to use gun in the camp! Catherine shouted.
People in the refugee camp also, were frightened about some girl from the outside world using such a horrible weapon.
Tasha, as usual, ignored them. Poe and guards at the camp didnt stop her from doing it either, rather looked at her interestingly. However, night after night when Poe saw his wife with the bubble around her mouth, he started to get worried about whether she might murder Tasha. So, he talked to Gilbert quietly regarding this matter.
Diana didnt want to take Tashas gun, as she knew what that gun was to Tasha. Plus, recently Tasha stopped calling her name Diana, but she called her, mom.
Few of the refugees came to Diana last night, the group mainly consisted of local middle-aged ladies but there were some men with them.
Put the gun away from your child! It reminds me a bad memory! said them. They looked at Diana as if shes somehow odd. Diana frowned at them but nevertheless she took Tashas pistol by force and gave it to Gilbert. Tasha hasnt noticed until later in the tent, when Diana tried to comb her hair. Tasha, seeing that her pistol is gone, was outraged, saying that it was Alvins last present.
But mom! screamed Tasha, her fuzzy hair rising.
No honey, muttered Diana, trying to grab Tashas head but she resisted.
I may never see him again, is that alright, just giving that to that filthy stranger? shouted Tasha, her eyes bulging out.
You shouldnt call him like that, Tasha. He is taking care of us, said Diana, standing up.
I dont care! shouted Tasha, full of tears. Look, Im going to take it from him, I will! 
And she ran off, out of the tent crying.
I cant do this, sighed Diana, dropping the comb on the blanket and sat down on the chair.
Most of the men in the camp were drunkards. They even had their own brewing factory back in Cassandra. But now that they are out in the wilderness, they became sober. Some of them were trying to make wine out of berries but it wasnt going well. The wives and elders seemed to be pleased at their soberness as they didnt have to clean the puke on their bed. Today they too, are climbing up and down in the mountains.
The tents were folded and carried by young men, as it was lightly built. The roads were swampy and bumpy.
Hills it is the hills, said Nancy, lamenting, shadows looming over her face.
Mosquitoes, said Tasha, slapping Jakes back. Jake jumped and leered at her.
Diana missed Alvin, although she acted as if she didnt. She hoped when all this ends, she will punch him. Nancy was groaning as if she is dying, but luckily she was pretty healthy.
The air was cold and damp. Gilberts shabby beard grew longer and longer, looked like the caveman. Gilbert went to see Nancy and Diana.
How are you? said Diana, slightly touching the rough skin of the tree which some parts covered with the pine juice.
Its the pain, said Gilbert, wiping his sweat from the forehead, This untouched ground dead beat to march.
They stopped marching in the lunch time; they were in the middle of nowhere, inside the thick woods. The yellow bee floated around among the dry grass below the tree. Gilbert gave his water bottle to Nancy. She took it and gulped few times.
Thank you, said Nancy, wiping her mouth with the sleeves.
Sorry about the location, I think Alvin didnt consider much about the length we need to walk rather than driving, muttered Gilbert and added, That blockhead.
 I understand, said Diana. How far are we talking?
Well, twenty days, said Gilbert.
Twenty days? screamed Nancy.
Come on Gilbert, we cant be that far, said Diana.
Im afraid we are, said Gilbert, showing her the map. Diana blinked.
 Why did he choose that place in the first place? said Diana.
Its a creek, surrounded by mountains. It would be the perfect location to set up the military base. Although Im concerned that the creek mightve been occupied already then it will be very cumbersome, said Gilbert.
So are we going to fight? asked Diana.
Yes, we will, but we are going to set up the temporary base before we get there. We need a place for women and children to stay during the battle. And then, well send our group of men, grinned Gilbert. Possibly we could use some reinforcement from Nina Polchinski.
I always heard the rumors about this island, and it wasnt a good rumor, said Gilbert.
What rumors? asked Diana.
A ground pursued by cults and robbers, said Gilbert, darkly. Furthermore, some part of the region is contaminated by the nuclear waste. It is strangely quiet though.
So why did we come here for? said Diana.
According to Alvin, there is the stronghold in the island. Its like some sort of shelter for the refugees to hide. I think that is what Alvin is looking for. I certainly hope that we do not have to search the hazardous region, muttered Gilbert.
I want to join the squad, said Diana.
Im sorry Mrs. Caravel, but that is out of question, said Gilbert.
Why not? Diana protested.
Because if you are hurt, or in this case probably dead, I dont know what Im going to say to him, muttered Gilbert.
But, said Diana, irritably.
My answer will be the same, said Gilbert. The sun appeared from the cloud, the ray of light appeared through the canvas of the leaves and branches. Gilbert went away. Nancy, who was listening from behind approached her.
Nuclear wastes? muttered Nancy.
Yes mother, I have a bad feeling about the river, said Diana, looking at the dark part of the forest. Or anything about this island
They avoided traveling through the vast plains, afraid of the snipers. Series of shallow caves were seen from time to time. Poes dog seemed excited to lead them. They have encountered with several other militants, but the long time experience of civil war has played the role. They went through the underbrush; they swung the knife to make a way.
They went up the hills and down again, and in the valley they have found the stream. It looked clean, Diana was relieved as the water looked clear and the fishes were swimming inside. The hazardous region seemed to be far away enough. They started climbing up the mountain. Upon the hill, they have picked the spot near the pond, where they could view the landscape. The scout gathered around and found various tracks for wild animals.
The camping area was set. Poe had a huge round tent for himself. They went hunting for the afternoon and came back. They cut the thick skin out of wild boars. They broke the bones and to roast it by parts. The ladies made the baking-powder biscuits. They washed blankets, stew pans, coffee pots in the stream. Tasha and Jake were lying down on the grass to relax.
Yo, Jake? said Tasha.
What? said Jake.
You want to play a game again? says she.
Nah, Jake shook his head.
I need to get the gun, come on urged Tasha.
I get too tired of it. said Jake.
Oh Jake please? said Tasha, pleading. You look very handsome today.
 No, answered Jake.
I hate you, said Tasha.
Look, there is no need to play game, go in now, when Gilbert is out for lunch, he is busy roasting the meat, said Jake. Tasha nodded and smiled. She looked at Jake with beaming eyes and dragged him on the grass.
Oh, no, Im not your watchman, said Jake. Diana will kill us.
Later on at the lunch time, there was a huge meal. It was a celebration for establishing the temporary base. At the lunch, Tasha saw Poes son, Evan, lingering around to get some meat. Evan hated Tasha; he somehow got jealous of her. No one knew the reason why, and he even thought that she was rich, that her parents hid a lot of money in secret. He created a rumor that Alvin was a professional robber and a con-artist, doing all the bad stuff while he pretended to be in the right hand of Nina Polchinski.
Evan was talking to the group of town girls. Yeah, I bet Alvin Caravel is just as cruel as Nina, that stupid bitch! She caused all this mess! Alvin is just a thief! That is why he was able to walk around as if nothing bothers! Ha! I bet he made many friends with Veron.
Really Evan? said one of the girls, her hand on her mouth.
Of course! exclaimed Evan. He leered at Tasha from a distance. There is that girl who thinks she is some kind of gunman. I mean you know, like father and daughter, they are alike!
The girls giggled and looked at her also.
How horrible she is, she grew up in the orphanage, I bet her mother is a whore, said one of the girls, filled with malice. Her eyes widened and blinked rapidly.
What? I thought she was Alvin Caravels daughter, said the other girl.
Shes not Alvins daughter, said the boy with a large squashed-in face. She is adapted.
No, she is not! Dumbass, do you have a brain? shouted one girl. Alvin Caravel, that war maniac adopting a child? You fucking think thats possible? Im telling you they made up the story, she has that filthy whore blood.
I mean look, shes so fucking cunt, Oh Evan, Im bored, lets make her know who we are! said the other girl.
No, shes friend with Gilbert, he is my fathers friend. You see, my father is too generous said Evan. But I dont like Gilbert either, he is Caravels friend after all! Why cant they get along with the normal civilized people like us? Those freaks 
Oh, Evan, you are so noble, said one girl.
Wait, where is she? said the boy. They looked around, she was gone. Only people were busily roasting the meat in the camp fire.
Ill find her, growled Evan, and he ran to find Tasha. Tasha was inside Gilberts tent, her heart pumping intensely. Jake ran off as he saw one man walking towards him. Tasha frowned at Jake leaving her and startled as she heard someone approaching. When the man entered the tent, whistling, Tasha hid under the sleeping blanket. The man didnt notice that Tasha was there, he was looking through the shelves. He was whirling around the room, scratching his head.
Oh! he exclaimed. He grabbed the Kerosene bottle next to the entrance. When the man was gone, she hurriedly looked for the pistol. On the top drawer next to Gilberts books, there laid Tashas pistol. She was filled with adrenaline. Tasha grabbed it and tucked it inside her pants; she hurriedly tided up the blanket to remove suspicion. She looked around, the room looked just like when she came in. Tasha crouched and slowly peeked outside. Seeing no one, she sneaked out.
That little brat! said Tasha, mad about Jake, trying to get him.
He probably went to the woods, hell come back when Im sleeping and hope that my fury went down! she thought. Its not going to happen! She ran past by the people and went to the deserted area behind the tent. She was looking at the woods to find Jake but abruptly, someone yelled from her back.
Hey! Hey you! shouted Even, running toward her. Tasha froze at the spot and looked at him. Evan was tall, broad shouldered boy. She merely stared at him, worried that he mightve seen her coming out of Gilberts tent. The smell of roasted meat filled the camp. Someone was playing guitar in a distance.
What? said Tasha, harshly, trying to cover the suspicions.
You are new here, so I would like for you to join our club, smiled Evan, catching his breath. Tasha breathed out slowly, relieved. She glimpsed at Evan and walked toward him slowly.
Fuck you and your club, snorted Tasha. What am I, your cunt?
Evan was shocked at her reaction, the anger roused inside but he suppressed it. He coughed and broadened his shoulder, to make himself bigger. 
Do you know who I am? said he.
You are Poes son, said Tasha.
Yes, I am, said Evan.


Uhh yeah, and I want you to pay the respect to me, since you are under my hostility. You can bring me some food, and clean my room. muttered Evan, coming near her. The shadow of him shaded Tasha; he looked down at Tasha who was about half of his size.
Is that so? said Tasha, frowning.
Oh and if my toilet paper runs out, make sure to make a fluffy dry leaves and pile it right near my bed, said Evan, tapping Tashas cheek.
Or, what? growled Tasha, stepping back.
I Ill make you! shouted Evan, raising his fists. Tasha took out the gun and pushed it against his chest. Evans arm lost his strength, seeing the metal barrel pointing at him.
Give me a break, will ya? said Tasha, coldly, cocking the pistol.
How did How did you get that! muttered Evan, raising his arm, backing up from her.
Gilbert gave me, she lied.
You you cant! Im Poes son! Just because you are friends with Gilbert, doesnt mean you are outside our law! Dont Dont you dare point that on me! screeched Evan, with the high pitched voice. His face went white as sheet.
Outside the law huh? Tasha smiled shrewdly. Yes, indeed, we are the best outlaw ever existed. She pulled the trigger three times, which hit his hair, and slightly scratched his ear. He shuddered and muttered gibberish, wailing and peeing in his pants.
You you are cruel! he screamed and ran away. Tasha stared at Evans back for a while, standing there.
Im in trouble, muttered Tasha.

Chapter 7
The Cults

In the chopper, Karl saw the greenish spot which appeared from the thick white mist. He looked at his side, Tyler fell asleep, peacefully. Karl tapped his shoulder. Tyler opened his eyes, still drowsy, and looked at Karl.
Dont see a thing, complained Toby. There are lots of mists
Karls eyes got sharpened at the thick smoke ahead of the chopper; the orange light was looming from afar. He went up to the front window, looked through his binocular.
We have to land soon, said Karl.
What? No! We have to go near river, we are in the middle of nowhere! said Toby, pointing at the map. The white dusts diffused into the air.
Land the fucking thing, growled Karl.
What? Ive been saving the murmured Toby, but he was interrupted by the orange flare coming toward them.
RPG! RPG!!! bellowed Toby.
Duck the fuck down! shouted Karl. Toby swung the helicopter, it plunged down, and the rocket hit the tail. The chopper vibrated intensely, Tyler was in the air and bashed on the wall along with other stuff.
Got hit! Got hit! shouted Toby. Tyler started screaming. The helicopter span through the clouds and mists and they now are seeing the greenish island. From the dizzying height, the white waves broke against the rock like galloping horses.
They crashed on the trees, the wood cracked and walloped. The blade of the helicopter moved violently, shredding the branches.
After a while, Tyler heard the bird chirping. Something was grabbing him. It was warm. He looked up and saw Karl covering him, his blood dripped down to Tylers head. Tylers eyes become wide and shook.
Karl? Karl! shouted Tyler.
Shut up, groaned Karl, spitting on the floor, his tooth came out.  He cracked his body, grunting with pain.
Are Are you alright? murmured Tyler, his voice shook.
Do you think Im alright? My fucking tooth came out. he grabbed his nose and adjusted, it made a bone cracking sound. He yelled with rage. Tyler tried to help him get up.
Get away, get away, said Karl, pushing off Tyler. Tyler looked at him and laughed weakly, relieved.
We better hurry, said Karl, try to open the door but it was stuck. Karl started kicking the door to open. Karl groaned as it didnt move. He gripped the rifle and shot the door, he kicked it again and it fell to the ground. The body of the helicopter shook, slid a little from the tree. Tyler flinched, grabbing the handle; he was soaked with sweat.
Hey pilot! bellowed Karl. Are you alright?
But there was no answer, the mist was still thick, Karl was worried that whoever attacked them will come to plunder.
Get out of the chopper, said Karl to Tyler. Tyler nodded; he grabbed the branch and hopped to the trees. Karl went to Toby but he didnt move. He checked the pulse in silence, and sighed. He put his hand on Tobys shoulder.
Good bye buddy, he murmured and grabbed the backpack and threw rifle to Tyler; he caught it in the air.
What about said Tyler.
Hes dead, said Karl.
I Im sorry, said Tyler.
 Keep your eyes open, said Karl.
Tyler gulped and nodded. They came down the trees. Karl went down, stooped low; they moved quickly toward the bushes. Karl and Tyler entered the forest and walked on the sunken lane. The shadows approached them. But they were men coming toward them among the bushes. They froze on the spot.
Ill cover you, whispered Karl, grabbing Tylers shoulder. Run there, he said, pointing on the side. 
Tyler was scared to death. Karl reached from his pocket and pulled out the grenade, and pulled out the pin. 
Now! he hissed.
Tyler ran toward the trees, the man shouted and shot at the trees. Karl threw the grenade at them and fired the machine gun.

At that time, in other parts of the island, the hatch was open. Sharine and Kevin peeked outside. They walked around the forest for some times. Through the mists, leaves and branches, they traveled. The ray of the sun came down from the broken clouds.
After a while, they heard some noise in a distance, drumming of some sort, they listened and went near.
 There were people dancing. They seemed like natives, have cut up the head of the creatures and made an idol, and had feast and played harlots. They had large piercing on their bodies like ancient tribes and danced, doing sacrifices and eating the men they captured. The skinny little old ladies were aside, standing on the piles of skeletons, and spread the ashes toward the people. What it seemed like a tribal leader was yelling at people, muttering of some sort with a huge golden plate. Sharine and Kevin stared at them from afar.
I can smell it from here, muttered Sharine, grabbing her rifle. That filthy smell of rotten flesh
What are they doing? muttered Kevin, holding his machine gun. Sharine didnt answer, her stomach coiled. The people were going frenzy, the drum became louder. They let out weird shrieking and screaming, both men and women, old and young alike.
We are outnumbered, we have to go around, said Sharine, frowning. Kevin nodded.
Do you know where we going? asked Kevin. Because Im not sure where they might have been.
We need to follow the railroad track, what it seems to be recent? said Sharine.
Bad idea, muttered Kevin. Normally Ricky moved to confuse the trackers, go round and round in a long way. And we will have to track them at least fifty miles radius.
Do you know the pattern? asked Sharine.
No, not really.
Do you have any idea why they left?
They do this in the time of emergency; I think Seth told me in the past. Although he slurred the speech so we didnt really get it said Kevin, scratching his head, trying to remember. Yeah No Umm...
Sharine punched him. Kevin screamed and fell down, grabbing his nose. Her wounded arm still ached; the bone was still in its recovery. It gave the dull disturbing sense.
Thats for acting stupid, hissed Sharine. You are lucky to have me, you dumbass!
Sharine still had herbs, which Glock gave. She tore up the bandage and put the herbs on her wound, wrapping it around the arm tightly. The searing pain came from her scratched bone. She made a muffed sound filled with agony. Kevin looked at her and helped her to tie up the bandage. Her sweat drenched from her forehead.
How How many grenades do we have? said Sharine, breathing heavily.
Seven, sniffed Kevin, bleeding from his nose.
Lucky number, Sharine picked up the sniper rifle on one hand, cocking it, and headed toward the cults.
Wait! Where, where are we going? shouted Kevin.
We are going for the spoils, said Sharine. Cover me partner.

Chapter 8
The Struggle

Captain Nottingham ordered the soldiers to set up the base around the cave. Krieg and Jessica set up the defense line using the Machina suit, aided by the ship artilleries. Some of them decided to take the rubber boats and explore the caves. The squad led by Nina was sent to find Alvins family.
They marched on the marshy road. Not far from the base location, they have found the military base nearby. Nina observed it with her binocular, there were many wounded people. Nina presumed that it was the same enemy who attacked them.
Do you think they will avenge our base? said Nina, cocking her rifle.
Yep, said Alvin, drawing his machine guns.
This is duck hunting, wipe them off from earth, scoffed Nina, and activated the cloaking device. It took about an hour to destroy the whole base. All of them fell on the ground; they burned the base, the black smoke rose up to the sky.
 Who are they admiral? said Stein, looking at the ruins and the burnt camps.
Bandits, muttered Nina, stepping on the blackened wood. It squashed into ashes; the dust flew in the air.
Easy victory huh? said Alvin, grinning. There will be bunch of these who will come for Rickys neck, better enjoy the spoils, any of them alive?
There is nothing to interrogate, said Nina, walking up to one groaning man on the ground and shot him.
Admiral! shouted Stein. James flinched.
Cold as usual, muttered Alvin. Well, well, I missed you, Polchinski.
Nina laughed, putting the pistol back in her jacket.
No spoils, Caravel, we have enough to carry. Move on now, said Nina.
They marched until night. After sun went down, they settled down to have some food and water. They had bread and smoked fish. James and Alvin sat in front of Nina.
Many have left Cassandra, I would very like to form an allegiance with militants that arrived in the island, but I dont think we are going to have much luck. We all lack of resources even to survive, they will try to plunder. We have to find this man called Ricky Guido soon. Else, it will be pretty hard to hold the ground, said Nina. Hopefully the batteries dont run out before we get to the creek. Its been a while Ive fought without the cloaking devices.
Watch out for the fucking mines, chuckled Alvin.
Yep, those fucking mines, laughed Nina. Im going to get some water, 
Nina stood up, and went to the fireplace where the soldiers were boiling the water they got from the pond. 
Alvin sniffed and turned to James, who was eating fish next to him.
 So, how was this Pestice lady you have encountered? asked Alvin, smirking. James seemed to be little afraid of Alvin. Ever since he entered Ninas army, he always had that jealousy upon seeing Alvin, as he was valiant and let the troops well. Stein added more to his feeling as he loved Alvin like a son. He rebuked Alvin and took care of him when he was in the army. But he didnt like James, even made a suggestion to Nina to fire him as James is not fit to lead the troops. James became a Captain as a result of Ninas continued nagging. These facts made James hard to deal with Alvin. He felt discouraged upon seeing him.
What? said James.
You know, that legendary assassin, Im eager to meet her during my career but never succeeded. It became an obsession now, Alvin grinned.
She is beautiful, said James, coughed a little, biting the bread.
Bewitching, is more an accurate term, added Alvin. Were you too, infatuated?
James frowned, swallowed the water from his bottle. 
No, said James, unsure, his eyes shook. Alvin looked at him and laughed.
She grew up in the orphanage, found on the street. She had no name, didnt even know where she came from. But later she was picked up by a secret police and put to the orphanage. Well, because of her unnatural looks, all men approached her like beasts. Also, among the peers, girls burned with jealousy, they attacked her with the razor and boiling water tried to ruin her. According to rumor, Sharine managed to hold them off by stabbing their body with a pencil and scissors. The principal at the orphanage named her Pesticide, as she always tend to destroy the group of people. Later she changed her name to more girly way, Pestice,

She grew up quite roughly and never backed down. Have done pretty good job, as a result, she couldnt really adapt to the organization and all the hierarchy. People think that by her wits and skills she survived, but it was mostly due to her appearance. No wonder those stupid thugs falling in love with her, going war with each other, even dreamed about being tortured and killed by her. She destroyed six mafias by her own, chuckled Alvin, biting his smoked fish. He chewed it few times and swallowed it. Ironically, that Helen of Troy ends up being in the string of the pendulum, so-called the keeper of balance, the Assassins Chamber.
So you mean she is just a dumb beauty? said James.
No, said Alvin. It is true that she has skills, but no assassin by self can destroy the group of militants like that, 
I think you are wrong, I think she is smart and strong girl, said James. Alvin frowned and stared at him for a while; James avoided his gaze. Alvin burst into laughter.
You are a funny guy, said Alvin, chuckling; he stood up and went to the fireplace to get water. James felt his ear heating up, disliking Alvin even more.

At that time in the Basileus Republic, the city light was brightly shining. The car strolled down the street. Heston was wearing a light brown Burberry and Protter with grey suit. They were off the work, in the street for some night snacks; they grabbed the hotdogs from the vendor, talking.
I dont see why my wife hates this awesome thing, said Heston, biting the hotdog.
Yeah, said Protter, his lips dripping with the ketchup and mustard.
My wife is now into some gambling So random, I cannot even comprehend in my mind. Ill be knocking on your doorstep, freezing myself to death soon, said Heston, gloomily.
Huh, I always thought Gloria was not the type, chuckled Protter. Its good to have some fun from time to time, I guess, how about the work?
I sent few of the newbie to the border patrol agents, to get some testimony out of them. But they are many, many many, said Heston. I had enough worries about Cassandra long time ago; I mean look at the number of refugees it produced and all those terrorist bombings at the embassy! They are upset about pretty much everything.
Any good news? said Protter, putting more pickles on his hotdog.
No, not really, said Heston, with a gloomy face.
Apart from the politics and bullshit, the Island of Riddles have long been handled by the waste management unit some parts are overdosed with the hazardous material, said Protter.
Those lame ducks They didnt know Rickys working there? Why didnt they report to us until now? sneered Heston.
I guess they didnt want to mess around and get shot, Protter shrugged. Plus, Island of Riddles have been long been pursued by a sort of cult groups in underground channel.
What about Nina? asked Heston.
 Honestly I dont give a shit about what Nina Polchinski is up to, although many government officers, Heston glimpsed at the building, are crazy over her.
What they are concerned about is Ricky, and a possible allegiance with Polchinski, said Protter.

Ever since his wife died, you know how he can turn against us, said Protter.
Yep, muttered Heston, sensing his mouth dry. He gulped down the coke. That poor billionaire.

In the southern sea, Veron was inside the submarine. The huge metallic whale-like body glided through the deep pressing water. Titto was reluctant to talk to Veron, because he seemed ill and insane; he started to talk alone.
Verons son, Morris, was whining all the time in the submarine, crying out that the submarines were too dark and narrow. The officers and Veron looked at him thinking that he is weeping for the death of his mother and showed fake tears made out of saliva. Veron scolded Morris to be strong and stupidly believed that those officers are showing a real grievance and mourning. 
Titto was with Melady and Thompson family, who was already frightened at the tight, narrow, tiny, dark place, where everything seemed to be squashed in. Melady shuddered at the sight of soldiers sly looks and eyes full of contempt concerning them. The soldiers were being angry at them, rejecting them from being here. Veron, bearing guilt, gave small nurses office for Melady and Thompson family to stay; Melady prayed in the room.
One of the soldiers opened the room to hand out the food; he sneered at them, curling his lips, and gave out the beans and potatoes. Titto, who was heading toward the room, saw this and walked toward the soldier.
Knock first, will you? threatened Titto to the soldier. The soldier stiffened. His eyes were full of loathing.
Im sorry sir, says the soldier.
Give me the key, demanded Titto, spreading his palm.
Its the Emperors sir, snarled the soldier, not moving.
Then Ill give it to him. said Titto, grabbing the key out of tightly held fist of the soldier. The soldier looked as if he was about to hit Titto, but he didnt, he merely saluted at him.
Of course sir, he said and walked down the hallway. Titto looked at them bitterly, shaking his head and knocked on the door.
Come Come in, said Mrs. Thompson, and Titto entered. Their eyes seemed to be little relieved at the sight of him. Melady looked at him with a tear gurgling eyes.
 Oh Titto, we havent expressed thanks for getting us in this turmoil. said Mrs. Thompson. Bless you, thank you very much.
Titto didnt say anything but instead he looked on the hallway. It was empty, Titto looked at the frightened face of Thompson family and reached for his belt and reached for the pistol. Mrs. Thompson shrieked a little; Mr. Thompson covered her, and dragged his daughter near him.
Well be there in two days, whispered Titto, handing Mr. Thompson a pistol with a cautious glare.  In case we have two days. Put it in a pillow case, if someone tries to open the door by force, get it ready, and find me.
Titto put the finger on his lips to stop Mr. Thompson from saying anything. Mr. Thompson put the pistol inside the pillow case. Titto heard the footstep approaching. He froze for a moment and stood up hurriedly.
Im glad that you enjoyed your food, you stinking pigs! shouted Titto so that the soldier can hear; he grabbed the steamy potato from the dish and threw it on the floor and got out of the room. He glared at the soldier who was walking pass the hallway.
Are you going to salute to your superior officer? said Titto.
Yes yes pardon me sir! shouted the solder.
You sea freaks, growled Titto, pushing him by shoulder and passed by. The soldier glimpsed at Thompson family and the potato on the floor at the nurses room. He scowled and walked away.
Titto knew as the hierarchy has been damaged, it is matter of time the soldiers become rebellious and try to behead Veron. He didnt like Veron at all; but still, he felt sorry for the recent loss of his wife.
They will come for the kid, thought Titto. He tried to warn Veron but it was hard to do it in the confined place where people cannot be trusted. Furthermore, Veron was not the person who keeps the information to himself. The atmosphere was tense and heavy. The peoples eyes were bulging with red veins and the sound of Sonar and gurgling breathing filled the room. Titto strapped the knife on his belt, looking cautiously. He didnt sleep well at night. 
The fight broke out on the next day among the soldiers. One of them grabbed ones hair and bashed his head on the metal scope in the submarine. The blood scorched out, although it was hard to distinguish as the red light glowed on them. It was a mess; the guy looked at the bleeding man with an arrogant and murderous glare, breathing heavily. 
Veron didnt seem to mind, spending time with his son. The higher ranking officers saw this and beat both of them up, the screaming echoed inside the room, for hours and hours. Mr. Thompson clutched tightly on the pistol, hugging his wife and daughter, not sleeping at all. Titto was worn out; he couldnt think anymore. It was a long journey.

Chapter 9
The Wilderness

 In the Island of Riddles, Alvin was looking at the corpses of creatures, which attacked them while they were sleeping. The lookouts killed them. They walked for few days until all the food ran out. 
Alvin took out the picture while on a break and looked at the photo of Diana, him, Tasha and Jake, laughing inside the picture.
Feeling a sense of duty? said Nina, from the back, leaning against the tree.
Yeah, muttered Alvin. Never really serious about it.
Oh really? said Nina, coming near him. Good for you.
How far is it? said Alvin.
Couple of days. We have to go around the mountain region; it seems like those creatures are moving by the herd when they attack. Luckily for us, they are not very clever, said Nina, tapping her head, smiling.
Huh, said Alvin.
You seem to sleep really well yesterday, giggled Nina. Stein got mad at your snoring.
Early scouts wondered around the forest and caught a deer. They took out the cooking pot and started making a stew. Yesterday, they cut the tree barks and started chewing it to ease hunger; the smell of the deer meat drove them crazy. They went up to the pot where stew was boiling; all haggard and shabby, they took out their light aluminum lunchboxes and went up to the cook.
Not ready yet! bellowed the cook, waving them off. Shoo!
Few of the soldiers came back with some rabbits; they hurriedly skinned them and brought to the cook who threw them inside the soup. The guards who were on duty at night took a short nap on the grass. The crickets cried out inside the long grasses. The wind struck and the leaves fell, whirling in the air. 
At last, the stew was ready. There was a swarm of joy! The soldiers lined up and waited in the line. 
Bit moldy, dont you think? said Alvin to James, eating the last piece of bread. James frowned, hating him, moved and sat near Nina. Whats up with him? asked Alvin. Stein shook his head and just ate the soup.
Suddenly there were bellow of screaming and anger. Sarah was beating the cook up with her fists, the panicking cook struggled, and hitting Sarah with a scoop, but Sarah blocked the scoop with her elbow and punched his flat lumpy face.
Everyone gathered, not bothered to break them apart, merely cheered. Stein put down his meal and walked up to them.
Sarah Johnson! Behave yourself! shouted Stein. What is going on here!
Sarah, breathing hard, let the cooks bloated face go.
Im sorry Captain, murmured Sarah, standing up, tapping her clothes to take the dusts off.
Dont you see we are not in the fancy restaurant? I watched you since you are a rookie! I told you over and over that your temper is like a steaming pot! shouted Stein.
Its not that murmured Sarah.
Still! Do you not realize we are on a very important mission? shouted Stein, rigidly, and he went on and on.
After stream of disciplinary remarks, Sarah sheepishly went to the soup pot and with a scoop; she took out something black and huge. Stein was horrified and everyone flinched.
My apologies, muttered Stein coughing and walked away. It was a rat, about the size of a small puppy, dangled on the scoop.
Later in that day, that cook carried an extra bag. They walked straight for nine hours, it became dark; they slowed down and rested on the spot. Michel, Paul, and Sarah went out to look for some water.
Urrrrgg moaned Michel, his stomach growled.
Shut up, hissed Sarah.
Im hungry, said Paul.
Yeah yeah, muttered Sarah.
I miss food, mumbled Paul with a loud grumbling inside his stomach.
Guys, come on, you all were trained for this, groaned Sarah.
Yeah, we are saying the exact same thing, said Michel. 
We ate rats during the training too, whats the fuss? said Paul. 
No, it was pretty nasty said Michel. And then Sarah stopped abruptly, hitting Michels chest with the back of her palm.
What? said Michel.
Shh said Sarah, pointing at the rumbles among the bushes in front of them. Both Michel and Pauls eyes beamed. Their gun blazing, theyve slowly approached.
A deer or boar? said Michel, slurping his saliva, aiming at the bush.
The bush stopped rumbling; there were low growling and something jumped out, (Ah shit, groaned Michel) it was a hideous creature which the skin was reddish and ill. Sarah and Paul opened the fire. The thing got hit with the bullets, screeched and fell down; as it did, its slimy body pushed Sarah. She tripped by the trunk of the tree and fell on the ground.
Paul gave Sarah hand. Sarah grunted and stretched her arm; but as Paul grabbed her hand, he startled. He let go of her, aimed and pulled the trigger; the bullet flew right next to Sarahs ear. There were a moment of silence, and Paul, breathing deeply, lowered his rifle. Sarah, dumbfounded, frowned and leered at Paul. She then glimpsed on her back and there laid a huge snake, blown its head. Slowly it fell on the ground. Sarah screamed and jumped toward Paul, clinging on him. Michel approached the snake and grabbed it. He grinned and gave it to Paul. Sarah leered at Michel but Paul grabbed the snake and put it on his shoulder. Sarah jerked and moved away from him.
What? said Sarah.
Its a good food, murmured Paul.
No it is not, argued Sarah.
Youve eaten it when you were training, said Paul.
Yeah I figured its not a good food, said Sarah.
Ok Im still going to take it, whistled Paul and he head toward the base. Sarah grudgingly murmured something in under her breath; her stomach rumbled loudly. Michel laughed, tapping her shoulder.
I feel very miserable right now, murmured Sarah.
That evening, Sarah was sitting next to Nina. Both were munching moldy biscuits around fire. As it got chilly, they shared one army blanket. Paul and Michel went up to Sarah and Nina.
I agree, have nothing to lose is a dangerous state, murmured Paul, mouth full of rat, ripping it off from the stick. The nose of the cooked rat snickered.
So, Ms, you want it rare, medium or said Michel, handing Sarah the chopped slice of snake.
No, said Sarah, gloomily. Go away.
The cold blue moon shone upon them.
I need a shower, Nina breathed deeply, smelling the grilled rats and snakes mixed with stench from clothes. 
A hot one, groaned Sarah. She sat down, highly discomforted. But rest of the soldiers seem to be having fun, roar of laughter was heard around fire. Nina twitched her mouth.
Hey Captain Stein? Feel like a pirates already eh? grinned Sarah. Stein remained rigid at the biting mosquitoes and ants. Grunting, he slapped his cheek and leg. Alvin shuddered as one of the mosquitoes came near his ear. 
James was complaining under his breath. I worked so much to become a Captain and now what is this crappy treatment? Why am I here? Anyway I
Shut up James, said Alvin. James stopped muttering and leered at him, hating him.
Full of moist in the soil, some of them eroded, said Nina, yawning, scratching her neck; she looked at the yellow clay on the ground.
The soldiers were roaring and cheering. They were into some type of tournament. Paul and Michel, who were surrounded by them, spat out the rats back bone, competing against each other for who spat further.
Savages murmured Sarah; she just lied on the ground and fell asleep. Later, the scouts brought the report to Alvin. He nodded and the scout went away.
 There seemed to be cults nearby, said Alvin.
Uh huh, said Nina. 
And bunch of others going for your neck, said Alvin, throwing rock and hitting the tree.
Give me a break, groaned Nina. 
Come on Nina, isnt this what youve wanted? said Alvin, chuckling.
What do you mean? frowned Nina.
Heading for the throne? suggested Alvin.
Yeah, whoever gets to that underground bunker will win the island and possibly Cassandra, I presume, said Nina.
I forgot to congratulate you. You earned your freedom after all, chuckled Alvin.
Yeah, said Nina, smiling brightly; her eyes glittered. I did,
So, should I call you the pirate queen now? chuckled Alvin.
No, said Nina, giggled. The king.
After the soldiers done eating, they all fell asleep. They are more relaxed now.
 
The submarine merged from the ocean surface. They went near shore and opened the hatch. They got out and stepped on the sand. Titto retrieved the pistol from Mr. Thompson to avoid an unnecessary trouble. Veron didnt bother to find Ricky. He merely ordered others to set up the camps and the barricades. They were thinking about contacting Tim, one of Verons officers living inside the Secret Room inside the underground tunnel. 
The officers contacted few cults they already know for grains and killed pirates and bandits for spoils. 
There were relatively many creatures near their location, so they dug the trenches. They sharpened the woods and plucked it in the ground to hinder the creatures from approaching and to make it easy to shoot them. It looked like an army base during wartime. They tried to contact the officers who were inside the tunnel, but were reluctant to go underground as the creatures were loosened there.
 Yep, weve got someone, said one of the officer; the soldiers were grabbing ten prisoners with proud eyes. One of the women was trembling and shaking before them. They had paintings all over their bodies with red marks, which seemed like a blood, over their neck and back. 
Cults and gypsies, grinned one of the officers. He ripped out one of the golden earrings they had, the woman screamed as her ear ripped.
Shut up, said the officer, start kicking the woman by his boot. The man among them cried out with anger. Logan, the army general, shot him; he fell on the ground. The women started shrieking and wail. Logan smirked and connected the fishing rod to his head and hung it around the woman like a neck glasses.
Tell your people, sneered Logan, grabbing the womans hair. Bring all the grains.
He pushed her and she fell on the mud, and the soldiers started laughing at her. She was shaking; she stumbled and ran. Veron was watching rest of them without sensation, almost bored.
Do whatever you like, said Veron, watching at the rest of the prisoners. The soldiers cheered; his son Morris laughed annoyingly, watching them like an excited pig.
Titto stayed in silence and watched them dragging everyone out. Titto sensed that the nightmare is starting again. The dictatorship and the hideous cycle in Cassandra, it is all coming back. 
I had enough, mumbled Titto. He is planning to escape with Thompson family, but he wasnt sure how he can pull it out. Thompson family was located safely in the separate ground. He ordered soldiers to build a separate lodging area for them, which they did it with much grumbling and rage. 
Titto was watching wearily at the soldiers. They were contemptuously looked at Thompson family as they gave food, as if they were accusing them for not working. Mr. Thompson volunteered to dig trenches along with them as he didnt want to be humiliated as being a burden. He worked hard until the sun went down. There was an air of mockery concerning Thompson family. Titto knew it was just a matter of time, before they will start harming them.

Chapter 10
The Tomb Raiders

BANG!
The gun fired, the smoke came out from its barrel, the chief tribe man was hit in the head, fallen to the ground.
BANG!
Another fired, and killed the men who were panicking when their chief fell on the ground. People panicked and screamed amongst themselves, kneeling on their idols and bowing before them. Sharine fired again and again. One by one they fell. They cried in panic, one of the men, who were frightened, ran away, he was shot in the head spilling blood on the idol and dead on its foot. There were now wailing and squirreling around, they threw out their clothes and scattered to the forest. Sharine and Kevin hid behind the bush.
See baby? grinned Sharine, looking at the chaos she caused. I dont think they have the ammos, hopefully some meat, lets go,
They hurriedly went down the hill. The cults seemed to be all flee away when they got down there. The smell became thicker and their appetite disappeared however when they approached altar. There were a naked little boy cut in four pieces, all the organs and fluid dropping on the rock.
 The idol was shaped with wood, painted with white, red and black, depicting the creatures lurking inside the island. It had the red eyes and the bloated face with fangs. Sharine frowned with disgust. They have looked around the field, where theyve left, there were caves, which seemed like their dwelling ground, and the plantation. When they got to the grain field, she heard the bone cracking, she turned around and shot it, the old woman fell down, bleeding from her ear, on the pile of human skull.
Lets check the cave, muttered Sharine, cautiously looking around, lowering her stature, and Kevin entered the cave. They grabbed the torch on the wall, Kevin lighted with the lighter he had.
They entered the largely open area. There were a lot of grotesque tools and drawings on the wall.
Im not too sure I want to eat now, murmured Kevin, using his torch, he lighted the torches on the wall, grabbing his nose, as stench is unbearable. 
Sharine used a rod and attached to one of the grenade and pulled it across the pillar of the cave. Kevin looked at her, the drop of water came down from the ceiling, and it hit Kevins cheek. He frowned as it was bit sticky. He looked up and startled, yelling and rubbing his cheek with his shirt.
There were some corpses hanging upside down from the high ceiling. Wrapped by a heavy chain, the pack of flies was flying around it, licking their rotten flesh.
Eww said Sharine in disgust.
Hear anything? said Kevin.
No, I dont think this is their house, said Sharine, looking at the metal torturing device on the corner. More of their prison. We need maps, grains and weapons...
Ok dont stay too long though, I certainly hope we dont get captured, said Kevin, looking at the corpses swinging slowly from the wind.
 Shoot me if you have to, muttered Sharine, shivered a little.
Is is your arm alright? said Kevin, looking at the bandage wrapped around her arm.
Oh? Oh yeah, said Sharine, grinning. Its healed pretty much. Help me loosen it. Kevin went up to her and loosed the bandage.
Thanks, said Sharine, shuddering.
What did you do before you came here again? asked Kevin, but Sharine just smiled and didnt answer.
They went deeper and Sharine stepped on the water, and there walked for a while. It was getting colder, and the cool air was going in and out. 
My mother will kill me, if I go back, mumbled Kevin.
Why? said Sharine.
Because I left without saying anything, said Kevin.
Oh said Sharine, sarcastically. I wonder what that feels like.
Are you an orphan? asked Kevin.
Yes, said Sharine.
What was it like? asked Kevin, without much of a thought. Sharine seemed offended by this, she leered at Kevin.
Sorry, muttered Kevin, realized he made a mistake. They walked in an awkward silence. Kevin didnt know what to say.
The kids at young age, when their parents die, do you have any idea what happens? said Sharine, coldly.
No said Kevin, looking at Sharine with a guilty look.
You cant think. You are just standing there. It feels like time just stopped. You keep crying out for your mom and dad, who dont belong in this world anymore. And whatever the past memory you had with your parent just repeats in your head over and over, especially the last moment. You cry uncontrollably, and you cant forgive yourself for not saying that you love them. You want to kill yourself, but you cant, you are just laying there on the floor, staring at the blank space, as if nothing in this world matters anymore, Sharine breathed deeply and continued in a calm manner. They are the greatest parents in the world, whom I ever had, and ever will.

Yes, that is what orphans feel like, and if you think you know their pain, I say you dont know shit, said Sharine.
They silenced for a while, Kevin was looking at Sharine nervously but Sharine just walked gloomily. They lightened the torches as they went further in. And then they stopped, looking at the metal bars blocking their way.
Near the metal bars, there was a water tub where bunch of people seemed to be boiled in; there were hands and legs spattered on the floor. Sharine groaned with disgust.
Kevin looked around. There were shelves filled with the jar containing organs. Also, there was a wooden table with a knife stuck on it. It looked like a slaughterhouse; they looked around, holding their gun tightly. 
Kevin put his torches inside the metal bars and he peeked through it. But it was dark; he couldnt see what is in there. He tried to look through, slowly pushing his head toward the bar, and lighting up with the torch. He could see something vaguely from the corner, looked like another corpses, but he wasnt sure.
Uhh Sharine? said Kevin.
What? said Sharine, looking at the intestine floating inside the water.
There is somethi AHHHHHH!! bellowed Kevin, jumping backward. He hit his body against the shelves. Few bottles fell and crashed on the ground.  A liver and eyes leapt from the ground.
 There was a loud howl that echoed inside the cave. It was one of the creatures, the biggest one Sharine saw so far. Its huge jaw tried to get through to Kevin; it started chewing the bars, snarling. Its massive paw was scratching the bottom, making a scratching sound. Kevin crawled to Sharine, shuddering, Sharine gave him a hand.
So thats what they were feeding, said Sharine. The creature continued to make noise and bit the bars. Hey aey, Kevin?
Kevin looked at her and stood up. He was still shaking from the shock.
We need to open that gate, said Sharine.
What?! screeched Kevin.
If they worshipped this fellow, all their good things will be inside, give me the grenade, said Sharine, Kevin pulled out the grenade from his backpack and handed to her. Sharine walked to the tub full of limbs. 
She grabbed the torn out leg from it and forced to stick the grenade inside. Kevin looked at her as if hes about to puke. Sharine stuck it deep enough and wrapped it around with a fishing rod; only the safety pin stuck out from it. She hit the leg against the tub few times; seeing that the grenade didnt fall off from the leg, she walked up to the metal bar.
Eat baby, smiled Sharine, removing the pin and pushed the leg inside the bar. The creature sniffed and bit the leg. It started swallowing the leg voraciously. Sharine backed up slowly and pushed Kevin toward the back. It was sticking his head up, the thick fatty neck moved like a pudding. In the next moment, the grenade exploded. It blew the creatures head into pieces. The blood and skins spattered all over like fireworks. Its massive body fell, making a big puddle of blood on the ground.
Yep, murmured Sharine, she shot the lock with her pistol and pulled it open. The bar was gluey from the fluid from the creature. She frowned and rubbed it on Kevins shirt. They climbed over the huge creatures body and slide it on its back. They raised the gun, looking around. Fortunately, there were no more creatures in the room. Kevin glimpsed at the torches on the wall and he started lighting up.
When the torches lightened up the room, they realized that the room was pretty big and round. It looked like a coliseum. There were other two doors on the wall. The scorpions were walking in the room along with the maggots.
Hey Sharine? said Kevin.
What? snapped Sharine.
Im really really sorry, said Kevin.
For what? frowned Sharine.
Well, asking you know that said Kevin.
Oh that Its fine, so shut up, said Sharine, messing up Kevins hair, grinning.
Thanks, murmured Kevin.
Which way? asked Kevin.
You go that way and I go here, said Sharine, pointing at the doors.
No, we need to stick together! said Kevin.
Yeah yeah, said Sharine, laughing. She raised the gun and pointed the one on the right. That one.

Chapter 11
The Foundation of Empire

Purple and white flowers lay on the field. Nancy came out and yawned like a bear, tapping her belly. She burped. She is eating better than when she was in Cassandra, those refugees sure could hunt. The greasy food however didnt go along with her digestive system as she didnt eat lot of meat back in the days. Nancy scratched her hair and the huge yellow gluey pimple popped. She felt a weird satisfaction; she took her finger right in front of her and started sniffing it.
Diana was still sleeping; she is sleeping really well these days, as the police stopped bothering her for Alvins mess. Her body was sore due to all the walking and traveling but she felt energized.
When Tasha almost shot Evan, townspeople came and interrogated Tasha about what was going on. She merely told them that he was sexually harassing her. Tasha told them so convincingly that they ended up punishing Evan.
Gilbert made a proposal to Poe that Tasha and Jake should bear arms and do the guard duty. Only then they will let Tasha keep her pistol. Catherine grudgingly protested. But as they will be short on guards after they send scouts to the creeks, she ended up saying yes.
Diana, on the other hand, didnt want Tasha blazing the gun around like Alvin. So Diana and Tasha end up having a teenage war. The problem was that Diana wasnt mature enough. She never nurtured Tasha and they were not much difference in age. 
Jake merely watched them fight, yawning, as they always had the same pattern. Diana hides the pistol, Tasha seeks it out, and Diana hides it back. Then Tasha will wail and bellow at Diana. Give me back my stuff, give it back! And Diana will shout, Leave me alone! Leave me alone!
Diana couldnt handle it very well and was subject to frequent explosions. Nancy ended up acting as a mediator. Diana wanted Tasha to act with manners, as all her manners were taught in the orphanage by peers and corrupted workers. Tasha was always the source of trouble whenever they were invited to the dinner from neighbors due to frank comments and crude remarks. Jake was doing alright, although he was too shy to say anything. He still had that obsessive desire to play the game. Tasha was slowly learning from him on how to do it.
Jake said he is worried about the military group arriving in the island and talked to Tasha about how to deal with them.
What do you mean by conquering? said Tasha. We are just kids. They wont give any authority just because we do the guard duty and surely do you want to start a war?
Yeah, since we have got out from that horrible place, we need to protect ourselves from the enemy. If we let it alone, they will devour us, said Jake.
I can protect you! said Tasha.
No, there are too many, said Jake.
Thats why we do it, whats the fun if it is easy? said Tasha. 
We cant just sit here. We need to find someone who is with us! shouted Jake.
Cant we wait until Alvin comes? said Tasha.
No because otherwise she will hit us first, said Jake. We have to make people realize that we need Ninas army.
Whos she? frowned Tasha.
Catherine, said Jake. She is not fond of Alvin.
I know that, shes afraid that Poe might lose power because of Nina Polchinski. But exactly how is she going to pull this out, if she wants to well, perhaps assassinate Alvin? said Tasha. Do you really think some amateur can kill Alvin and Nina?
If Alvin is sticking his neck out to seek us, then, yes, said Jake.
I disagree, said Tasha. But I can see how she can distract the scouts to not to seek them out in the first place.
... said Jake.
But if we try to scandalize Catherine, we will have a conflict from inside. You should do this peacefully, said Tasha.
Peacefully? said Jake, amazed. Really, is that what you think?
Im not the person to conquer, contrarily to what you think, said Tasha. By the way if you are out there to invade the enemies, then you are no different than the one in Cassandra, plus you wont be able to play the game.

What, you want to give up? Protecting the faith and preserving the good, isnt that what you believed? Do you really want to give that to corruption?
No, but still
Jake, why did you want to get out from Cassandra? said Tasha. Who do you love baby? Who do you really love, my baby? 
Jake didnt reply; he closed his eyes. Searing pain arose inside his heart.
 We cry and wail, baby, finally we have our own dice and chips, said Tasha, grinning. So, what we have to do is making a fool out of Catherine.
The only way is then making others invade us, but thats too dangerous, said Jake. Or somehow somehow we have to make them come to their senses that we are not safe out here.
Uh huh, said Tasha. Im curious. How do you play the game?
Jake silenced. He grabbed the pebble from the ground and threw it to the air; it scorched to the sky and fell among the forest.
In every human relation, including the most civilized society to the tyrannical nation, it is possible to dominate one another. Because it is not the rule that matters, it is not the odds that matters. People are restricted by their own ability. If we view this as the matter of the strict capability, the move we can make is quite limited. It is safe to say that we dont really have a choice. Therefore, out of the tears and dusts, bullets and lusts, it is possible to be free from anything. And of course, Jake glimpsed at Tasha. It is possible to do anything we desire.
Tasha smiled at Jake, ruffling his head, laughing.
Who said we are kids? said Tasha.

Diana got some soup from the kitchen for Nancy and children. As she walked next to the tent, she heard the ladies talking, along with the sound of boiling vegetables and meat.
Oh hush, they are only kids. But I do worry about their father, Alvin Caravel, said one of the ladies in the kitchen, with a high pitched voice. Others held breath; only the chopping sound of vegetables filled the air.
Is he dangerous? asked the other.
Dangerous indeed! He is the best friend with Gilbert, that rogue! screeched the lady.
Gilbert! Oh that scoundrel! You see, if it wasnt for our generosity, he would be begging in a street Id say! shouted the lady. There was a sound of a crunch snap of an apple.
Ha! I dont think Ill let my boy play with such horrible kids! Look at that girl! She is acting like a killer now, like her own father, said other woman. The chopping sound against the cutting board became more intense.
One lady cracked open, letting out her shrieking laugh. I bet their murderer father looked at his servant girl and just took her as his wife without much of a thought! Oh those wretches dont care about what is good in inside! shouted her.
Oh you have such a beautiful heart! Im sure your husband loves you very much! bellowed the woman.
Oh thank you! Such a blessing to be loved by my love! said the lady.
Diana had enough, she shook her head and went back to the camp and saw Tasha. She was ruining Dianas flowers in the vase. Diana sighed and put down the soup on the table.
 Oh Tasha, are you too young to be in love? said Diana, her hand on her hips.
Yep, muttered Tasha. You forgot my age again.
You are twelve, said Diana.
No Im not, replied Tasha. 
Yes you are, Diana argued.
No Im fourteen, said Tasha.
When is your birthday? Diana frowned. 
You dont know how to raise children, said Tasha.
Of course I do, objected Diana.
No youre not, said Tasha, shaking her head.
Really? Diana went up to her and hugged Tasha. Tasha, surprised, struggled to get out. Diana held her for a while, Tasha stopped resisting.
Believe me I know, said Diana. She kissed Tasha, on her cheek and let her go. 
Diana cleared the torn flower, and threw it outside the tent. Tasha looked at her and felt really bad. Suddenly, Jake entered the tent. Tasha glimpsed at him.
Ill be back soon mum, said Tasha, grabbing Jakes arm, and went out with Jake. 
They walked across the camp; few people were walking around. The delicious smell of soup travelled through the wind. Theyve now made fences around the camp.
Did you do your homework? said Tasha, frowning. We need to take care of those gangs first. Ive seen them looking at us, their eyes are bad. Soon they will come for us.
Well Im guessing they act based on the sense of superiority, isnt it? said Jake. Tasha nodded.
 Just like in orphanage, said Tasha, bitterly.
 They will then try to look for the scapegoat. They are going to find someone to blame and the obvious target is us, said Jake.
Isnt Alvin going to get us though? said Tasha.
Duh Eventually, muttered Jake. But I dont want to whine about this petty matter.
Oh really? What should we do about it then? said Tasha, sardonically. I think you have dealt it well in the past.
Very funny, said Jake.
Thank you, said Tasha.
Those workers in the orphanage always used money to spend it on maintaining their underlings, to use it on prostitutes, or to bribe their position. We have to find out where their wealth lies, said Jake, bitterly.
I bet they are poor themselves Jake, said Tasha.
Then well have to find out where they spend most of the time, or whom they trust, said Jake.
I know that, they spend time bitching and trusting their high ego, said Tasha.
 Who is their favorite person? asked Jake.
Adults? said Tasha.
Yeah, like a hero or wannabe, said Jake.
Catherine, answered Tasha, amused.
Catherine? said Jake, raising his eyebrows.
Yeah, Poes wife, said Tasha, crossing her arms.

No hope of winning eh? said Tasha, giggling. If they cry off to that bitch, shell execute us.
So, are you saying that we are just going to sit here and let them throw shit at us? said Jake.
Pretty much, said Tasha, smiling. We are the sheep for the slaughter.
Well, Im not going to let them touch a hair on you or Diana! shouted Jake.
Yes, next time, try to carry that out in action, said Tasha, sarcastically, implying his run while Tasha was getting her gun in Gilberts tent. Jakes ear became red. Humiliating but, the only thing we can do is doing something useful for them.
Why? asked Jake.
Because they wont hurt the source of money, answered Tasha. It is good for extracting information.
If they do, arent they going to betray us later? said Jake.
If it comes to that, I will use my gun, grinned Tasha. Jake grunted, shaking his head.
They are discomforted about the fact that you are Alvins daughter, possibly because they are afraid of losing power upon his arrival. It seems it is likely that Evan will act like a tyrant against the foreigners like us, said Jake.
We are not related, snapped Tasha.
Not according to them, sighed Jake.
So even if we are beneficial to them, they will not listen? said Tasha.
Yep, said Jake.
Ill need your help then, said Tasha.
What are you talking about? frowned Jake.
Game, whispered Tasha, charmingly. Can you game them?
Who am I? Nina? Im not that good, said Jake, scowling.

Nancy came back to the tent, with the basket full of berries. She hummed and entered the tent.
Look what I brought, said Nancy. She looked at Diana who was crying silently. She startled as she saw Nancy came in, the tear dropped on the soil. She quickly wiped her tears and hid the picture she was holding. Nancy looked at her pitifully, putting the berry basket on the table next to the soup Diana brought earlier. Nancy approached her and put her arm around her shoulder.
 I married a rogue! Diana muttered in anger. That irresponsible scoundrel! He made a widow out of me!
Hush Diana, you know hell come back, said Nancy, putting berries into Dianas mouth. She blushed, and melted it inside her mouth.
Now that he is out, Im going to teach my children about something good! I want them to behave like ladies and gentleman. said Diana, swallowing the berry. They are only children. What was he thinking? Teaching them how to scheme?
You know it is different in Cassandra, all you can think of is a place to breathe, said Nancy.
Still, Im not going to teach my children about selfishness before I can teach them about love and devotion! shouted Diana. Nancy blinked and her face eased. She looked at Diana and hugged her, patting her back.
I thought you would never learn, said Nancy, her hand trembling a little.
Mum, said Diana.

About an hour later, Diana marched toward to camp to find Tasha and Jake, holding pen and paper. Tasha glimpsed at Diana walking toward them. Sensing danger, she poked Jake to alert his senses.
Children, it is time to learn. Im going to teach you how to read and write, said Diana.
I know how to read! Piece of cake! shouted Tasha.
No youre not, said Diana.
But we might get invaded, said Jake. Tasha nodded with him.
Weve got a plenty of guards here, those men will protect you. Time to learn kids, you will regret it when you get married, said Diana.
I dun wanna get married. I dont think I can raise Tasha, laughed Jake. Tasha leered at him and he stopped.
Well, I think we are ought to be brave, suggested Tasha.
Yes I do admire your sense of noble passion. Otherwise this guy here, Diana glanced at Jake. Wouldnt be alive in the first place.
Jake blushed, his face looked like a carrot.
But in a mean time, I have to teach you a lot of things, it is harsh world and we have to stick together as a family. Ill teach you about literature, with a touch of romance, said Diana, with a daydreaming look.
If this isnt about math, Im all in. But Id have to say its more fun if someones head blows up right in front said Tasha.
Now thats enough violence, snapped Diana. Alvin writes screen plays for the school too.
All of them are tragedies said Tasha. Diana ignored her.
Well then, Im guessing it is settled. Come along kids, said Diana. Tasha and Jake looked at each other and tagged along with her.

Chapter 12
The Petty Kingdoms

Sharine and Kevin were confronted with the more ape-looking creatures inside the room. They looked like the naked, hairy, dirty old men. They had round bellies and shallow cheek bones; there were feces all over their asses. With their hollow looks, they stared blankly at Kevin. The room was filled with candles and sculptures made out of woods and bones.
Wrong room, he said and started shooting at them. Sharine pulled out the pistol and shot them too. They started snarling and ran toward them madly but they were all shot down. The ground was covered with their juicy fluids. The guns fumed smoke as the powder burned.
Drenched with sweat and blood, Sharine and Kevin quickly examined the room. There were strange drawings and a goat skull hanging on the wall. Under it, there was a table full of dissection tools and glasses containing blue liquid. In the corner, there were baskets full of mushrooms and the cage full of live bats, fluttering and shrieking.
What were they doing in this room? Sharine frowned.
I dont know muttered Kevin, picking one of the red mushrooms.
Do you think these are humans? said Sharine, looking at the corpses. Maybe they just covered themselves with paints
I dont know, muttered Kevin.
There is nothing here but some wooden toys said Sharine, looking at the wooden figures standing on the ground. The bat screeched on the corner, bashing against the cage. And those things
The bats made screeching noise at them. There were bunch of bat shits on them and around the cage.
It would be very nice if we get out of here, said Kevin, feeling sick. Sharine cleared the table, the glasses and other miscellaneous tools fell on the ground. She went up to the shelves, pulled out a bunch of scrolls and put it on the table.  The dusts fumed and few of them bounced on the table. She examined them one by one, untying the string and spreading it open. Seeing that it contained the symbols and words, she discarded it and opened another one.
Is your arm alright? murmured Kevin.
Yeah, its just a bone, said Sharine.

Would you mind? said Sharine, handing him the scrolls.
Oh Uhh yeah, of course, said Kevin.
Find a map, said Sharine, spreading one, and throwing on the ground again. They coughed due to dust in the air; finally on a ninth one, she found a depiction of the island.
Bingo, grinned Sharine. She folded it over and tucked it inside the back of her pants.
Seemed like they have their petty world, said Sharine, stepping over the corpses. I think those skeletons outside were other cults living in the island. Few of the scrolls were some sort of treaty
From who? asked Kevin.
Im not sure, said Sharine.
These people are originally slaves from various nations, said Kevin.
You mean they are not the natives? said Sharine.
No, when Ricky made a village, he made so-called secret rooms inside the tunnel and granted the protection for specified individuals. But as those people didnt like to be fed by us, they brought bunch of other slaves from the traffickers for their plantation, said Kevin.
So are you just feeding them? asked Sharine.
Its to ensure that there are no conflicts in the island, it is better to keep peace by feeding them. said Kevin. But if they act separately and make plantation for them to gain power in the island, he will release the creatures to ruin their crop. That was an agreement between us and the people dwelling in the secret rooms.
You mean you villagers are farmers? asked Sharine.
Yeah, couple of them although Im a hunter, grinned Kevin.
Do you know about Veron Komer, or the underground production facility? said Sharine.
No, not really, said Kevin, shaking his head. All I know is that secret rooms are extremely well hidden. Although after few years, they started going out in the forest to be independent from the village crops That is why there are many creatures jumping around in the island. said Kevin.
Huh Thats why there was an attack in the southern sea, murmured Sharine.
There was an attack? inquired Kevin.
Well, that is the reason Im here, said Sharine, smiling. But thats that, continue your story,
They cultivated the land above, had a conflict among themselves, and subdue others as slaves. Ricky got mad and released the creatures in the island; but as the creatures attacked them frequently, it appeared to them as some type of gods. So they sacrificed their own kids and friends on the altar to ease their anger. said Kevin.
Yeah, yeah, said Sharine, walking toward the stairs. But if they were from the outside world and had a war amongst one another, why would they run away from us?
 What do you mean? said Kevin.
Dont you think it is strange? said Sharine, stepping down on the head of the corpse.
Maybe they are just slaves or maybe they are some local rulers sent by those secret roommates, said Sharine, tapping the corpses with her boots. But if they had a conflict serious enough for Ricky to release the creatures, where is the army that caused it?
Before Kevin answered the question, they heard the bomb going off from a distance. Kevin and Sharine looked at the dark stair.
Is that your trap? said Kevin, his eyes widened.
Presumably, said Sharine.
Hurry! said Kevin. They ran up the narrow and sloppy stairs.

Chapter 13
The Bitter Past

Protter was having a drink in the bar with Heston. They ordered some sausages and the spiced creamy mashed potato on the bottom. The rain is coming down gently from the sky. They cheered for nothing to celebrate.
You look like a fucking cherry, said Heston, who were having a Bacardi. He was laughing at Protter, who was blushing from the beer.
Thank you, said Protter, bitterly.
Seriously why do you have beer, if you cant handle one? said Heston.
I needed it these days, alright? said Protter, slurring his speech. There were ten bomb threats and five death threats in the agency this month,
Quite an improvement, said Heston. Used to have twenty.
Yeah yeah, lets celebrate, muttered Protter, sarcastically, held up his glass.
Oh ho, cheers, grinned Heston; they touched the glass and drank. Protter felt buzzed; he wiped out his mouth with his sleeves. 
More people are somehow suspecting that creatures lurking around the country are our fault. Hopefully they dont order landmines on their backyard, sneered Protter. Heston chuckled
We have secured the area and attacked those creatures. They have nested themselves in a subway but we managed to wipe them out. But other countries are not doing so well. The civilians attacked, property damaged, congestion in the street and panic all over the city, said Heston.
I guess our president is sending troops to Cassandra Poor Ricky, soon they will find about his involvement, and they will try to take him out, said Protter.
Yeah, its a shame said Heston. I think we can see him at the wanted lists now.
Protter was concerned about Ricky and he knew that Heston had no pity on Rickys arrest. Heston and Ricky have a history on fighting over Rachel, Rickys deceased wife, when they were in college. Furthermore, Ricky, before he disappeared to the island, hacked into Hestons database to find out the list of the corrupted government officers and some of the secret dealings in Cassandra. Heston was under the fire when one of the agents found out that the information have been leaked. It almost cost his job. 
Protter, however, didnt want Ricky to be arrested. He certainly wanted to save Ricky from the life sentence. Ricky helped out Protter a lot when he was indebted. He was his roommate in his freshman year. Ricky had a rich parent, and was top in his class but he wasnt proud or boasted about it; rather, he was bit shy. Heston and Rachel were dating at the time, but they broke up later after the severe fight.
Protter invited Ricky to the party from time to time, playing pools along with a loud music. Ricky was the king at poker; he was their financial resources for beers and liquors. But as Ricky was weak at drinking (even weaker than Protter), he just slept on the floor and those who just got bankrupted threw a prank on him every time. They hang out together in bars and classrooms all those school years.
 Later after graduation, Ricky had a huge success in the mining industry. His stock price skyrocketed.
He wasnt sure how he could manage to save Ricky. Whenever Protter talked about Ricky, Heston tried to avoid the topic. This made Protter worry that Heston still had a grudge against Ricky about Rachel.
As Rachel got sick, Ricky was devastated. He did everything he could to save her but it was no use; it was a permanent disease. Heston didnt even go to the funeral, although he mourned for her secretly. After twenty years later from that day, Ricky disappeared to the Island of Riddles.
Have you interrogated Verons officers? said Protter.
Yes, they confirmed it for us, Ricky is currently breathing in the island, said Heston and finished the beer.

At that time, in the Island of Riddles, Ricky was deep inside his thought, looking at the blueprints of the underground maze. Verons officers have breached the parameters inside the secret rooms. They have declared the war against other people who were living inside.
Most of the battles took place on the ground as they were fight over the plantation. They were expanding the region and started conquering the island. 
The situation was overwhelming for the people living inside the secret rooms. They started to move along the tunnels and start bombing the rooms, but it was too dangerous to fight inside the tunnel as it was a confined space. 
Furthermore, there were invaders from the foreign land. They couldnt keep up with guarding their plantation, as the external forces attacked the easy prey rather than the well guarded ones. Verons officers conquered the plantation and as the supply of crops were cut, the dwellers in the secret room revolted against Verons officers.
Ricky was thinking about executing the protocols that would wipe out the island. It was to move everyone to the underground bunker. Then Ricky would release the waves of creatures preserved in the underground; it was an overdrive which Verons officers have no control over. Their army will be overwhelmed and the island will be filled with the creatures. They will either flee from the island or only the few will survive. Then as the creatures have nothing to eat, they will eat each other to the point Ricky can manage it. Then he will go out and restore the village and clean up the island. 
But Ricky didnt want to do that as he wanted to preserve the people in the secret rooms. But if the war becomes hard to bear and grow into a grave threat to the villagers, then he will execute it. 
The segments of villages are at peace now, so far it was very quiet. Ricky sipped the tea and closed his eyes in the conference room. The soothing aroma of the tea calmed him down.
In Rickys house, on the second floor attic, Laura and Elizabeth were playing board games with each other. Maggie was reading in the corner. And they heard a door bell ring.
Ding Dong           
Uragh, groaned Elizabeth, losing the rock-scissor-paper with Laura. Laura, I remember all the position, and Im winning! 
Elizabeth stared at the game board for a while, trying to remember the picture.
Dont pretend to remember, I know you cant grinned Laura. Elizabeth leered at her angrily.
Maggie! Help! shouted Elizabeth, looking around the room. But Maggie was gone, the door bell rang again.
Ding Dong
You you! said Elizabeth.
Oh oh, our poor guest is waiting, teased Laura.
Elizabeth screamed and hurriedly went downstairs and opened the door without looking as she was in too much of a hurry.
Uh Hi, Elizabeth, said Glock, with a guilty face, scratching his head. I brought some sweet potatoes and hams, Molly made I
But before he finished the words, Elizabeth slammed the door and chained it. She blinked rapidly and shuddered, she ran upstairs. Maggie was somehow back, reading books as if nothing happened. Laura glimpsed at Elizabeth playfully.
Who is it? asked Laura.
Oh, that dumb brunt, said Elizabeth, with a scorned look.
Glock? said Laura.
Yeah, and this ones wrong! Elizabeth pointed the finger at the board.
No its not! shouted Laura.
Yes, yes it is! I was definitely winning and now what is this? Maggie! Where have you been! bellowed Elizabeth.
I was here, said Maggie. Laura, Elizabeth is going crazy.
Yeah she is, said Laura. Elizabeth slammed her hand on the board and cleared it.
Ha! Now that youve done it! Bring it on! shouted Elizabeth.
You bet, said Laura, grinning.
Glock was standing in front of the door with the brown bag in his hand. His head down, he stood there for a while; after a deep sigh, he walked away. The moon was shining down, with a little cloud around it.
Glock? said the voice from the back.
Glock turned around. It was Ricky, standing before him with his hands in the pockets. His face still had a bruise. His wrinkles were many and deepened; he looked feeble due to stress and lack of sleep.
Come on in, said Ricky, his voice cracking from the chilly air; he opened the door. Glock was reluctant, didnt want to see the little ones in the house. Ricky was holding the door open and glimpsed at him. Its alright Glock, come in.
 Glock walked into the house; it looked cozy as usual. It was only second storage room they have it on the train. There was an old wooden table and walls lined with bookshelves. And near the fireplace, there was a blackened armchair. There was Rickys old fish basket on the corner, a huge sandglass next to it, and the picture of Rachel was on the wall. They could hear the clock ticking.
Wait here, said Ricky, and took steps toward the stairs to meet his daughters upstairs.
Molly came by earlier, said Glock, impatiently stopping him. But she said you werent here.
Ricky turned around; the wood creaked under his foot.
Im a busy man, chuckled Ricky. Would you like some tea?
Oh, its alright Ricky, its... I brought you some sweet potatoes Molly made it, and I shouldnt stay, uhh, Mollys waiting for me. Glock lied. He gave the bag to Ricky.
I see, said Ricky, receiving it.
Uhh You know, she is eager to know whether we are inside the red zone, you know, the nuclear dumping ground said Glock.
We are not, said Ricky.
Oh yes, thank you, yes, uhh I Im really sorry Ricky for the other day muttered Glock, fumbling with his fingers.
Its fine Glock, and would you, sit down? said Ricky, with a hoarse voice. Please?
Glock sat down at the table. Ricky nodded and went upstairs to meet his daughters. Glock looked around the room. He heard muffed conversations from upstairs and the sound of thumping as the girls leapt around. Few minutes later, Ricky came down; he went to the kitchen and poured water into the black pot. And he carried it and hung the pot near the fireplace to boil the water; he threw a fire inside it.
The village is under attack Glock, said Ricky; the orange light reflected on Rickys face. Although Im more worried about the revolt from Verons officers
Ricky went to the kitchen and put out the jar of tea. And put some leaves in the pot. It dropped from the air and danced on the boiling water. Would you get some cups for me Glock?
Of of course Ricky, said Glock and went to the kitchen and grabbed two mugs. Looking at the little bubble forming from the bottom of the pot, Ricky dipped the cup into the pot and gave it to Glock and one for himself. When they sat down together, sipping tea, they didnt speak for a while. At last, when the quarter of the tea is gone, Ricky opened his mouth.
Im worried about our customers living in the secret rooms. They were having their war amongst themselves As Verons officers conquered the most of the plantation, their portion is diminished greatly. So whatever they have in their hands need more guards. But as it is more difficult now, they declared war against Verons officers. They demanded us to give out the rooms where Verons officers dwelled but our boys refused as it was against the rule, said Ricky.
Are they attacking ours too? said Glock.
Yes, they are, they formed an allegiance to be independent from us and Verons officers. They were clearly upset. They attacked our guards, so we had to move out. said Ricky.
When did this? murmured Glock.
A week ago, Glock, Im afraid we need to get into the bunker soon, said Ricky and sipped the tea. Glock looked at him with fear. We are able to override the system at the production facilities, and then Verons officers and others will be overwhelmed by the creatures.
But Ricky, if we do that, all would be lost, said Glock. It is not clear that we are going to survive either, if they reproduce each other then
Yes, well, it is the worst case scenario. I havent lost hope on the compromise, not yet. Ill send the group of hunters to the wheat field nearby to take out the rebels. Hopefully we can get things under control, said Ricky.
 Glock silenced, staring down at the tea.
And I want you to lead them Glock, said Ricky,
Me? said Glock, surprised.
Yes, prepare for the battle, said Ricky, gulped the tea. 

Veron too, was trying to contact his officers in the production facilities, but the access was denied at the room where they used to enter in the past. In the base, they were not only suffering from the attack from the creatures and bandits, they were being tortured by vipers and scorpions in the region. Their bodies were swollen and some of them were suffocated to death.
Veron ordered Logan to attack every plantation nearby for spoils, which Logan did and conquered them. They have treated cruelly at the cults and made many slaves out of them.
Few of the cults escaped to warn others. The dwellers in the secret rooms were furious, that Veron is trying to destroy them once and for all. They made a pledge together among the woods to blot Verons ass off the earth. Tim, the chief officer of Veron who were deployed in the Island of Riddles, have heard that Veron was here, but didnt bother contacting him.

Chapter 14
Overwhelming odds

Nina Polchinski was suffering from the attack from the various militants who were constantly arriving to the island. Most of them were mercenaries and pirates, who were longing for the ancient world. They came to the island to set up their own kingdom. Nina dealt with them easily; but still, their number was numerous.
It was a dry march, the sun was baking the soil, and there were no clouds, dry leaves started to falling upon them. Their tongue was starting to feel like a sand paper; they had to find a lake soon. They kept walking and walking for their dear life. Suddenly, Alvin raised his hand and everyone stopped at the spot. He saw the movements on the hills. They hid among the trees and discussed on what to do.
They brought tanks said Alvin, looking at the numerous amounts of trained militants through binocular.
Why did they come to this forsaken island? murmured Nina. It is a nuclear dumping ground.
Im not too sure about their motives They are different ones than those from before, said Alvin. We will be engulfed by it.
What a gruesome tragedy, muttered Nina, she grabbed the dry branches, which broke like a burnt bush.
Are you going to fight? said Alvin.
Yeah, what am I supposed to do? Sob myself to death? said Nina.
They got the higher ground and I think they are setting up the mines now, said Alvin, looking at the enemies on the lower part of the hill.
Neither the tank can move freely, said Stein, putting his hand on his chin. They are just trying to hide in the wood.
I agree that they are shy to get out, they put the land mine all around the mountain, army of snipers and barricades set up for them, said Nina, turning around. Sarah? 
Yes maam, said Sarah.
We have to pressure them from here. They will play defense, and try to engulf us with their massive army said Nina. Well be waiting from the other side, when I order you, set the bush on fire. Then, divide the army in two and move to the north and the south. Blow the tanks and shoot the soldiers. We will kill everyone, and no one will escape.
Lock and loaded, grinned Sarah. Lets present them the nightmare.
Nina formed a squad and moved to the west, making a round trip. At that time, Sarah and Alvin ordered people to soak the land with kerosene. When Nina moved to the other side, she spread the army and aimed at the hills. She talked to Sarah with the walky-talky.  Sarah ordered them to set the hills on fire. As the black smoke arose, Sarah moved to North and Alvin moved to South.
Yep, said Nina. Create a pressure, Stein.
Roger that admiral, said Stein. He led the squad and started firing at the hills, pressuring from the west side. The enemy saw the shelling from the west side, so they have put the artillery aimed at west and started firing. 
When they focused on Nina, they rooted themselves in, It was a while later the enemy noticed the smoke and the flame moving toward them from the east side. The fire travelled fast. When the fire started engulfing the hill, they started panicking and attempted to move down the hill.
 The explosions of mines were seen from a distance. They were panicking. They are moving toward the North and the South to engulf Ninas division. 
We are here, over said Sarah, contacting Nina from the south side. And few minutes later Alvin contacted her. Weve arrived, over, Im getting old, said Alvin.
Shoot them, said Nina; her walky-talky made a whizzing sound. Killem all. 
They opened the round toward militants who were hurriedly going down from the mountains. It was a great slaughter; the bullets fell from the sky like rain and the bombs kaboomed! Trees got shattered and uprooted and rocks exploded. The flame crackled and started wrapping around the hill.
One bomb came near Nina; the impact of explosion made Nina flew back on the ground, the dirt spread over her. The cloaking device got broken. Her ear wringing, she tried to see. There were sudden yelling and man running toward her; few bullets zoomed past her. She clutched the pistol and fired at him and he fell flat on his face. Paul leaped forward in front of her and started fired at the enemy. She heard a loud machine gun fires and screaming.
Some of them deactivated the cloaking device as they didnt want to stand in the line of fire. Only the snipers continued to activate the device. Stein was firing at the enemies, stiffened as usual, the enemy had lots of artilleries but they were lousy shooters. Their sound slowly died out. After hours of shooting, they had to move out due to flame and smoke. The hiding enemies came out from their hole and exploded with the mines they have set up.
We need reinforcement, we need reinforcement, over, said Nina with walky-talky.
Roger that, over, said Alvin from the other side.
Alvin threw the empty cartridge from his gun, but when he reached for another one, he found out he was completely out. He gushed through and grabbed the rifle from the dead soldier and fired at the hill.
We are moving out! I repeat, we are moving out! Well move to the west! bellowed Alvin to the soldiers, they noticed it and moved. The machine guns continued to roar.
 Soon Sarah and Alvins division joined Nina. The machine gun slowly died out. They stopped firing. The flames approached them fast, so Nina had to move out quickly. She shouted at them to move out. They backed up and started running away from the fire. It was a great victory.

It was few days later when the people inside the island heard about this battle. At the time various military groups in the island made their own flags and started expanding their territory. When they heard about the battle, they were frightened and made truce with each other to remove whoever did this. 
Nina stayed low, they remained to be hidden. They went for some food and ammos, but werent interested in the expansion of the empire. As in Cassandra, it was mere game for them. They annihilated the enemy without leaving the prisoners, killed all that is in their way.
This cold tactic produced fear which made them notorious in the island, although they didnt know who did this. They called these unknown warriors as the shadows. This rumor also went into the ear of Veron, when he was enjoying his food from the plantations he expanded. When he heard about this, he knew that it was the work of Nina Polchinski. He burned with rage.
That fiend! She is trying to haunt me till Im dead! Veron bellowed. Why cant she just leave me alone?
But the moment later, an insurmountable sorrow overcame him, along with the despair. With the trembling hands, he just collapsed on his chair and silenced.

After the fire died, Ninas army got to the lake and rested there. James seemed to be discouraged and was in agony because he was no longer a Captain anymore. Not only that, Stein didnt trust him at all; during battle, he gave the command to Sarah instead. He walked up to Stein to complain.
Captain Stein, sneered James, frustrated.
Yes, Commander? said Stein.
Why didnt you let me handle the troops but gave the command to Lieutenant Johnson? said James, his lips trembled.
The troopers seemed to listen to her better, James, said Stein, simply. He turned to James and raised his eyebrows. Is that a problem?
No, sir, said James, suppressing his anger.
The army was thirsty so when the lake was seen from a distance, they ran toward it. But when they went up, they found it that there were many corpses floating around.
We have to move up to the mountain, admiral, said Stein, looking at the bubbly water. It looks contaminated.
Alright Captain, said Nina. But lets rest here for a while, lets scout the region.
They rested for a while, tempted to drink even the contaminated water. The scouts were sent to the hill to find a stream.
About an hour later, they heard one man screaming and the sound of a struggle. Nina glimpsed at the source of the sound, saw one man wrestling violently with two of Ninas men.
When they brought him to her, they kicked his leg and forced him to kneel down. He growled like a stray dog, his eyes bulging out. Nina, Stein and Alvin walked up to him. 
Its a spy, admiral, said one of the soldiers, aiming a gun to the back of his head. He ran as soon as he spotted us.
When he saw Nina, he seemed to recognize her face. Nina looked at him coldly.
Veron Veron will kill you, Polchinski, he laughed, choking and coughing, his face covered with dirt and sweat. He was bit epileptic, drooling from his mouth. 
 Nina merely looked at him coldly.
Yes, yes, he will Kill you, said he. He is different now, he wont make mistake Numerous and cruel, everyone is submitting under him! You? Ha! Soon your forces will be trampled like ants. Oh he is powerful knows what you are up to, muttered the man.
Nina stared at him. She glimpsed at Alvin and nodded. He went up to him and aimed the gun on his head. The gun roared and the man fell on the ground. Stein looked at Nina with a worried glance.
Our old enemy is near, said Nina.
They moved in to the upper stream of the river. They were gathering of the fruits from the trees. When they got to the high hill, they saw the stream of water coming down from the mountain. They could hear the waterfalls. They drank the water there and rested for a while.
Michel was standing in front of Paul and Sarah.
Four men as group, there are some edible fruits and roots there; you can test Paul to check for poison, said Michel to the soldiers. And luckily there are some rabbits, Lieutenant Sarah mentioned to me no more rats, but you can ignore her orders,
Yes sir! they scattered and went into the forest. Soft wind blew in the air. 
It was a great victory but there was no real cheer. It was a cold and brutal. Alvin was shot in the arm and one bullet grazed his stomach. The gunshot wound shivered, strapped roughly with the scraps of clothing. He didnt pity the enemy, but he wasnt sure what he was doing was right thing to do. He went up to the deserted hill and whispered a prayer.

Chapter 15
The Rebellion

Among the muddy trenches, Veron had taken up his old Cassandra flag in the base. They built wooden houses and the fences. He forced the slaves to knit, portraying his face, and he hung it over the wall. Also, he ordered some of them to carve the wood to depict his body. 
They have expanded quite a lot. Having been supplied with water, meats and grains, they were growing even further.
The guards formed a defense line and the watchmen stood in a tower theyve made. Logan walked to the commanding center which they have dug the ground and covered with logs. 
Morris was playing with one of the guards with a gurka sword; his fat gloated face wiggled like a pudding as he jumped up and down. Titto and Veron were there, talking, but they stopped when Logan came in.
Your highness, it has been a month since we have arrived, surely we are pursuing that Nina the outrageous fiend? said Logan.
We are not pursuing anything here, said Veron. He was sitting in a carved chair made by his slaves.
Are we preparing to go back to Cassandra sir? asked Logan.
If we go back, we will all be executed, said Titto.
I didnt think I was talking to you, Slade Titto, sneered Logan, and looked at Veron. Sir?
My answers same, we cannot go back, muttered Veron.
Logan looked at the dull face of Veron; he looked like he just woke up from the nap. Logan sensed his blood gushing to his head. Veron leered at him, raising his eyebrows, Logan startled.
Is that a problem, Logan? said Veron, with a threatening tone.
No sir, said Logan. Have a pleasant afternoon sir.
Logan saluted and walked out. Seeing his back, Titto was little worried. Titto knew that Logan was planning to capture Nina Polchinski, which Titto wont do. Titto hated himself for not being able to make decision to get out of this wall. He was worrying too much about being captured again to Veron. 
On the other hand, he didnt really care anymore; his heart was filled with too much shit that he didnt expect anything good for his life. 
Nevertheless, when he sees Thompson family, he wanted to live. He loved them! But at the same time he was afraid, is he really worthy? Was he fit to live?
Later, after hanging the knitted portrait on Verons room, Logan visited the soldiers who were guarding the trenches.
There was a big fire in the hill from the eastside, said one soldier to Logan, handing him the burnt device. We went there for a checkup but there were no one breathing. But weve found few queer types of machinery there.
Logan examined it for a while and scoffed. It was damaged and burnt, but it was same as the one Ninas army was using. He threw the blackened device on the mud and started stepping with his boot. 
That Nina the fiend! Outrageous! I will go out to get her! growled Logan, spattering the mud. Burn her alive I say!
Yes sir! It is that treacherous insolence that caused this destruction; we will torture her first and kill her. shouted the soldier. And everyone agreed amongst themselves.
Yes, my comrades, we do. But now Veron is all worn out, scared of that girl, sneered Logan. Few of them became cautious at this comment.
Time will come for us; there are plenty we can spoil from those weak natives and bandits that come here. Let us crush them and grow bigger! And then, we will finally have our revenge, said Logan, grabbing his fist hard. And other people put the fist together, interlocking them.
When this is over, we will have that bitch walk on the carpet full of nails, sneered Logan, his eyes bulging out. Let her bleed to death!
Yes sir! they shout in unison. 
The soldiers were strengthened, burning with a thought of revenge; their breath fumed the blood vapor. Veron merely thought the recent prop up in the army were due to his mysterious power of portrait.  Titto was trying to find the one soul he could trust, but found none under his command.
 Rotten to the root mumbled Titto, shaking his head.
As the soldiers submit with strict manner again, Veron seemed to be pleased and became haughty. They ruthlessly dealt with the enemies and took slaves to further his kingdom. 
Verons son, Morris, was eager to avenge Nina Polchinski too, upon his mothers death. Night and day he practiced the shooting at the wooden target and even toward the slaves. They did the sick play with the slaves by releasing them in the field and shooting at them like ducks.
Titto knew the war zone is limited to the certain region. He closely studied the map and the caves for an escape. He told Thompson family to be alert and be ready to leave. Melady seemed to be depending on Titto now. Her eyes were full of tears all the time as they were living in the dirt and muddy trenches. 
Titto looked at the cold moon that was shining in the sky; the soldiers caught the wild boars and were eating inside the trenches. 
The soldiers are no longer puppets, thought Titto. They are free from the control and surveillance. This is very dangerous situation and Veron doesnt seem to get a clue as usual. 
 What is the strategy? Nina, how did you escape? murmured Titto under his breath, closing his eyes. The numerous thoughts flashed through his mind. Systemic imbalance Unwillingness to let go of the control Because if they let go, they will go mad They will try to humiliate us, because they love to be in control, to play us under their palm. Helplessness and vulnerability of the victims is what they want. That exhilarant feverish pleasure but Im not sure, how to shield from that reckless cruelty
Titto sighed with frustration, pulling his hair out, thinking again at the protocols. The face of Logan appeared in his mind. Titto stroked with anger, grunting.
I dont know, I dont know. Nina Oh little girl, why do I envy you? said Titto, bemoaning, looking at the starry sky.
Cant sleep? said the man from behind. Titto startled and looked around. It was Logan; his white teeth formed a darkish smile.
What are you doing here? snarled Titto.
Oh it is just that said Logan, with a disgusting voice. I was concerned about the chief advisor of our honorable army deeply concerned I see.
Arent you? said Titto.
Oh no, I found him disturbed! said Logan, exaggerating his snobbish tone. Arent you happy that we are rising again, and survived from that fiend?
Titto looked at Logans snooty face and snorted. He started laughing. Logan frowned at this.
Survived? Logan? What do you mean we survived? chuckled Titto, amused.
 Logans smirk faded, as if he chewed on the dung.
We are defeated by a little girl, Logan. That is how you describe the situation. We didnt survive, we ran away, jeered Titto.
Why you growled Logan, but he thought a better of it than to finish the sentence. Instead, he continued his mendacious remarks, Yes Slade Titto, how wise of you to look at the matter in most clear way, Im sure your practical judgment will be very useful in our army.
Logan leered dangerously. Titto felt the shiver on his back. The cold sweat came out; he was fully convinced of the coup now.
Well, then nighty night, sir, said Logan and walked back to the trenches. Titto looked at him as he went by; he looked around and headed to Veron.
There is no way Im going to submit to Logan; I stayed loyal even in the righteous cause, what kind of man I am if I betray my ruler for unrighteousness? murmured Titto.

Next few days, it was a continuance of dry weather. The grass was crunchy, the dust formed. Logan sent some messenger to make compromise with the pirates who were growing stronger each day. Logan was seeking to make a deal with the pirates although he thought himself as superior. 
Daily job for the pirate named Captain Baldi was robbing the ships near shore. He made a handsome profit out of it already, as the people had neither proper mooring area nor security when they came to the island; it was an easy plunder. Logans base was nearby shore so they came across each other.
Few days ago, when few of Verons officers and the crews of Captain Baldi confronted each other in the shore, Captain Baldi waved his hand and approached them. Playing with his fancy classical pistol sealed in gold, he grinned widely. His golden tooth shined under the sunlight.
Your highness, we have no reason to fight, I do my work on the sea you do it on the mountains, said Captain Baldi, smiling, bowing like a performance actor. So, if we stick together, well be better off, Aye? What do you think?
Baldi reached for his brown bag and Verons officers aimed at him, raising the tension between them. But as soon as Baldi took out the shining stuff from the bag, they lowered the gun and dropped their jaws.
He gave the handsome amount of jewelry to them. The officers murmured something to each other and went back to Veron. The pirates then played at the shore, with rum in their hands.
Veron was excited about the jewelry, fumbling with it greedily. But after long consideration, he said no, although he is going to keep the jewelry. Logan protested but Veron merely dismissed him. The reason behind is because Nina was doing the same thing before she came to power. Titto was actually proud of Veron that he eventually learned something. 
However, Titto was concerned that they need to protect the trading route in the sea, given the fact they are living in the island. It wasnt very good idea if they were isolated. 
Logan however, disobeyed the order. He thought he was a good negotiator that pirates will go for the treasure like low lives and not like his royal body. Logan sent the messenger secretly to pirates in the night. He was planning to overthrow Veron.
Morris was practicing how to shoot in the forest. He was always angry as he wasnt good at it. So he decided that he should climb up the trees to hide from them. It was his own way of expressing anger other than kicking and spitting at the instructors, as he knew they will get into a big trouble if they lose him.
He was looking at the landscape from the trees. It was beautiful, the flock of white birds flew into the air and the river reflected the sun from a distance. About an hour later, Morris was trying to get down but realized he is too afraid to go down. It didnt look so high when he started climbing.  He squealed for help but no one came. So, he just sat there. 
The night came, the air became colder. The crickets were singing. The mosquitoes started attacking Morris, which he resisted and scratched violently. He started whimping like a dog. He shivered; he tried to crouch but was too afraid that he might fall from the trees. So instead he hugged the tree. 
Suddenly he heard the bushes rustling. Morris first thought it was the creatures; but when he looked down, he saw one man running. He didnt seem like he was looking for Morris, as he zoomed past Morris before Morris could cry out for help. Morris frowned, wondered why he was in such a hurry. His voice became hoarse as he was shivering. It was very cold, he was suddenly afraid of being freezing to death. About an hour later, the rays of flashlights were seen among the dark and the officers were crying out for Morris.
Im here! shouted Morris. They came and saw him on the tree. He was waving at them with a big smile. His piggy eyes glittered and his jell-like body vibrated with excitement. They gathered around the spot and spread their arms so he could jump down. Morris smiled like a little pig and jumped. The men there caught him, stumbling at his weight.
Adler! Adler! shouted Morris to one of the soldiers.
Yes, your highness said Adler, grabbing his back.
I saw one soldier escaping! bellowed Morris.
Sir? said Adler.
I saw one soldier escaping! Ive seen his face too! squealed Morris.
I dont understand sir, I, maybe youve seen a wild animal. Theres no one left the base today except us, Ive already said Adler, his face became darkened.
Udall! Yes, Udall, I remember his name! Yeah! Im smart! Morris said delightfully. Adler looked at the officers with concerned eyes. They went up to Logan who was waiting in the forest to meet them. Adler went and whispered to Logan, Logans face got distorted.
Well, our plan just got changed, said he, looking at Morris loathsomely. The cold breeze swiftly passed by.
You stupid kid, smirked Logan. He pulled out his gun and shot him. Morris dropped dead on the ground.
Verons officers easily toppled off Veron from his throne. Along with him, Titto, Melady, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson were also held as prisoners.
They were waiting at the Verons house, where the soldiers were taking the portrait out of the walls and trampled over it. Veron yelled with rage, threatening to kill them. Later the door creaked and Logan went inside, smirking.
Logan! Whats going on! shouted Veron.
Well, your highness, I thought you are being sluggish, sneered Logan, curling his lips. So I thought it was the time to step in.
Logan put out the cigarette and breathed in, calming down.
You! You are breaking the law! Our ideology! Dont you know Im descendants of gods? bellowed Veron.
What are you? A retard? sniggered Logan, and other soldiers laughed too. He fumed out the smoke. We are the law.
Veron try to say something but the word didnt come out. With his trembling eyes he just stared at Logan with reproach.
What are you trying to do Logan? said Titto, with a low tone.
Well take revenge toward that rotten bitch that has driven us out of our home and left us in this stinking place. Ha! Her death wont be pretty! said Logan.
If you are thinking of going full blown war against Nina Polchinski, you are an idiot, sneered Titto.
Ha! Its because this stone head right here did a lousy job. But me, Im a gentleman, and civilized. Ill spare your girl, Slade Titto, not raping her like he did, said Logan, glimpsing at Melady.
You will pay for this Logan! bellowed Veron, inflamed with anger.
Think again, before you spit out, said Logan and gestured to the soldiers, they started beating him up. Veron screamed. And then he turned to Titto, with his threatening stature. And you too, Titto, watch your tongue,
They tied them up with ropes and threw them inside the prison.

Chapter 16
The Cataract

Merciless and cruel picnic murmured Sharine.
Sharine glimpsed at the angry people that came back with their masters. They were fully armed and angrily shooting down at the stairs. Kevin fired at them back with his machine gun, leaning himself against the wall.
Sharine was shooting at them up, more were coming. They had to act quickly or they will be dead in seconds.
Holdem back! said Sharine, firing upstairs with her pistol. The angry shouts became louder.
Sharine went back down to the room and reached for the one of the bats inside the cage. It screeched and bit her.
You fuck! Sharine shouted and punched the bat. The cage dropped. All bats went frenzy and went out, flying everywhere. Sharine grabbed one of them in the air and ran up the stairs.
There were awful yelling and shouting with the language they did not understand. Sharine hurriedly tied the bat a grenade. The bat screeched and tried to bite her, but Sharine managed to tie the grenade on the bats leg by wrapping around the string. Few bullets flew by and Sharine ducked. She glimpsed at the shrieking bat and released it. The bat flew, completely freaked out. 
Fly baby fly, said Sharine.
Sharine grabbed Kevin and they laid flat on the stair. There was a loud explosion, it shook the cave. The utter silence followed. Sharine and Kevin looked up the stairs and saw the cloud of dust. They raised their gun and went up slowly. When they got up, they saw the pile of corpses. Sharine sighed in relief. Kevin was too shock to say anything.
See? You are lucky to have me, muttered Sharine, grabbing one of the machine gun the soldiers were holding and gave it to Kevin. Now lets go to this door.
Sharine entered the stair on the left. They walked for a while. It was dark; Kevins torch lightened the way. They heard the sound of the running water. Few bats leered at them from the ceiling. Slowly they moved and saw the light from a distance; Kevin lowered the torch and set it on the ground. They moved quietly toward it. When they arrived, there was an old man dozing from his chair, snoring with his mouth drooling. He was grabbing a paddle on his right hand and the other paddle was on the floor. Next to him, there was a boat tied to the pillar. They tiptoed and got on the boat. The boat creaked and moved toward the stream. There was a rope connected to the other side, they grabbed it so that they wont get sucked into the stream. The water was pretty rough.
Look! said Sharine, pointing at the pile of grain sack on the other side. Suddenly the old man started screaming from behind. They looked back and saw the creatures attacking an old man, devouring him.
They were shocked, and started paddling faster. But, before they could reach the other side, there were bunch of creatures swimming toward them. They snarled and bit the paddle and tried to climb up the boat. Kevin opened fire but they kept coming and coming. During the struggle, Sharine let go of the rope as one of them jumped into the boat and swung the whole thing. Sharine shot the creature in the head multiple times and kicked it; it squealed and fell back to the water. Kevin was shooting at the water and he shot the paddle on the way. It vibrated intensely and shattered into pieces.
Shit, said he. Sharines jaw dropped. Next moment they were gliding with the violent current. They screamed and grabbed the boat for their dear lives. 
The stream was intense and fast. There was a blinding ray of sun, they were grabbing the rack. They felt like the ground disappeared. There were white sprinkles of water in the air. She gasped, couldnt breathe, they fell from immense height and plunged into the water. The shivering water surrounded them. The mists were swooshing up from the white foam of water.
She was inside the water. She opened her eyes desperately, it was cold and freezing, every part of her muscles was screaming. She looked above, there were bubbles forming in spiral. The fragments of boat were floating; she looked around and saw Kevin whirling around like a doll. She swam, grabbed him and rose to the surface. 
She breathed into the air, coughing; Kevin was unconscious. She felt intense dizziness but managed to swim toward the shallow water. She dragged him out, her strength was failing. She saw him not breathing, his face was pale. She dragged him out to the land and kneeled. She pushed his chest with her both hands few times. She felt as if the blood is being sucked out from her brain. She looked down, the vision blurred; she started punching Kevins chest, blew his mouth, and punched his chest again. She knew she is not doing it properly but she was desperate to carry it out. After few bashing, Kevin puked water in the air, and started screaming.
He pushed Sharine away and started coughing. Sharine sat, shuddering, and looked at Kevin. Sharine smiled in relief, seeing him alive, and she just passed out.
How much time it passed, she didnt know. She had many dreams which she doesnt quite remember clearly. There were bunch of feverish illusion. She remembers waking up, seeing the camp fire and falling asleep in the next moment. She dreamt about her past, all the horrible thing which happened to her, the blood and darkness, the torture and murder. She was crying in the dark alone. There were many men and women screaming. There were hideous laughter and delirious cheers. Sharine felt like she was slowly drowning. She choked and couldnt breathe. She struggled and her body started shaking violently. And then she gasped, waking up. She had a throbbing headache, her forehead drenched with sweat. She grabbed her head and breathed deeply.
The vision blurred, she tried to see; she was covered in Kevins ripped, shabby jacket. She felt a cold pain over her stomach. She groaned; her body felt like stone, countless needles poking every part. 
Good God, you are alive, said Kevin, startled by her sudden movement, approached her and calmed her down. Sharine sat, her hands on her forehead, breathing in and out.  She sensed the warmth, protecting her from the cold air. She move to the side and crawled a little toward the side of the warmth. Something smelt good. She closed her eyes, and fell asleep.
She opened her eyes slowly, groaning. She pushed herself up and sat, covering her face with hands. A moment later Sharine sensed Kevin poking her back. A delicious smell traveled through the air; she turned around and looked at the fish on the flat rock. Without much of a thought she ate desperately; there were no bones as Kevin removed them all. Kevin took another bowl and gave it to her. She saw Kevin, half naked. He looked shallow and old.
Did I sleep for few years? Dumbass, whats up with your said Sharine, and stopped talking. She started trembling.
What is that? murmured Sharine, staring at Kevins leg.
A tear dropped from her eyes. His leg was gone, he looked like a skeleton. She was shaking. Kevin was leaning on the tree.
What happened? said Sharine, looking at his bony cheekbone.
Its nothing; it was dangling anyway when I woke up, muttered Kevin, looking at the waterfall. From the fall I guess,
And you just went out to catch a fish? said Sharine, angrily. Are you a mad?
You had the piece of wood sticking in your body, and you saved my life. What kind of man do you think I am? It is the least thing I can do, Kevin chuckled,
Sharine lifted up her shirt, and saw Kevins T shirt wrapped around her waist, the sharp pain aroused.
You are one tough fellow, muttered Sharine. Did you really cut your leg off?
I shot it, it was dangling anyway said Kevin, smiling, tapping his gun. While I dozed for a while, some of the creatures went by and took my leg.
 Pathetic, muttered Sharine, she grabbed his face and pulled it toward her, and she stared at his eyes for a moment, and she kissed him.

Chapter 17
Discipline

Cleverness is over the meticulous law. And heart over any cleverness, 
 Simard Polchinski

After the occasions Evan had with Tasha, he never really messed around with her anymore. He was too embarrassed to tell his gangs what happened.
Nah, we are too cool for them, he merely said.
Diana was trying to teach the children, about poems and prose, but children werent very excited. So she merely asked them to write how to avoid the certain situation like those happened in orphanage. She thought maybe it will help her understand them better.
Jake said he have to do the guard duty the day after tomorrow. Tasha said shes going to teach Jake how to shoot the target so they went into the woods. Tasha hopped around Jake.
 Do you mind washing your face?... NOOO! Jake screamed as Tasha wiped her face on his clothes. Jake tried to take her off but she end up blowing her nose on his clothes.
No, I dont mind, grinned Tasha, playfully. Urgh today was a shitty day. I had to endure some nutty woman who was upset about me existing.
No, they are saying because you carried guns. And you arent really polite to people, said Jake.
Hey hey, you have to be on my side, said Tasha, twitching her lips. Stay here. 
Jake stopped. She went further down to the woods and picked few pebbles and put it on the rock. Tasha ran back to Jake, grinning, and hand Jake her pistol.
When going for a long shot, aim a little lower, said Tasha.
Do you think Alvin will be waiting for us in the spot? said Jake, looking at the pistol.
Of course he will, said Tasha.
You know he is back with former friends and all, why would he care about us? said Jake, aiming at the target. You do know that Alvin and Diana were married just to avoid Verons eye. You know, its not really a marriage.
Tasha didnt respond; her face became rigid. Jake shot the target; he missed. Jake sighed and lowered the pistol.
So, when the cause is gone, there is nothing to said Jake raising his gun. And Tasha walked right in front of him. Jake startled.
Woooa, I almost shot you! blabbered Jake, almost jumped at her action.
Will you stop whining? said Tasha. You dont know shit about Alvin, because all you think about is yourself, do you? You selfish bastard.
 Jake stayed silenced.
Alvin went back for Polchinski for a sense of duty, why would he go back there in the first place huh? shouted Tasha.
Yeah, it was close to suicide, murmured Jake. I mean, yeah, he was crazy enough to march there, fighting against the formidable regime?
You, you know what? You havent changed a bit since you came out from the orphanage, muttered Tasha, blushing. I mean why would you? Because you dont have reason to? Yes, you can make a game out of others life, thats a fucking talent you got. Now Jake Caravel, try to play now. Can you save anyone? Then save Alvin for me.
Jake silently watched Tasha; he flinched a little when she called him Jake Caravel, which she never addressed him in that way before. But Jake had enough of Tasha bossing him around; he doesnt want to be treated like a kid anymore.
 Yes, you are noble and brave. You rescued me from time to time! I get it! You are just some crackup head! What do you expect me to do, huh? You are being bad to Diana, she misses him too! What about you? You are living inside your ego, acting like some tragic hero! You narcissistic cunt, exploded Jake.
What did you call me? said Tasha, angrily, raising her eyebrows.
I said you are a cunt, said Jake, throwing the pistol a far, pushing her. Are you mad? Cunt?
Tasha stumbled but did not fell. She was mad, lowering her stance, was ready to attack.
Go on, do you think I cant handle one little girl? sneered Jake.
Well said, said Tasha. She grabbed the rock from the ground and ran toward him and they started fighting.
In the tent, Diana was looking at what Jake and Tashas wrote. Nancy was making a blanket out of the deer skin they caught.
How is it? said Nancy, kindly.
 It is a piece of work, said Diana, narrowing her eyes, on the paper. More of a cryptology, she added, looking at the hardly recognizable handwriting.
What did they wrote about? asked Nancy.
Well, I guess it is mostly about the thing Alvin taught them. And their dark experience at the orphanage Rage and despair said Diana.
Those poor children, said Nancy. Later in the afternoon, Gilbert dropped by and gave the chunk of boar meat they brought. Nancy took out the berries from the basket and put it on the plate.
Thank God for the food, said Diana, looking at meats and fruits. Where are those kids, anyway?
But as soon as Diana took her jacket, Tasha and Jake walked in. Diana glimpsed at them, their face was bloated. Jake had a nasty cut and bruises on his face. Nancy gasped, dropped the folk but Diana wasnt surprised at all.
Dinners ready, said Diana. Lets say a prayer.
The children looked at Diana and sat at the table quietly. Diana didnt mention a word about their wounds throughout whole evening. Diana talked about other topic; she didnt bring up the topic about Alvin either.
At that time, Alvin was laying down on the grass looking up at the sky. Stein was sitting next to him. Stein got injured on a shoulder, medic wrapped around the bandage around his arm.
Arent you too old for this shit? murmured Alvin.
Maybe, said Stein.
I have a question, said Alvin.
Go on, said Stein, grunting.
 Why did you let go of the admiral position? Well, Nina, you know, was unstable at the time, said Alvin. Im not saying she is stable now but you know she was worse before.
The better question is, why did I put you in our army in the first place, chuckled Stein. Alvin laughed.
Those days, chuckled Alvin, were so full of shit.
Yep, Im having the best time in my life right now, said Stein. Who knows? We also might have a chance to live.
The wind breezed toward them. The soldiers were walking around, chatting casually, looking at the sunset.
Live Alvin closed his eyes and smiled.
I was with Simard for a long time. He was only man I could trust, said Stein. 
Uh huh, said Alvin, looking at Stein.
It was my duty, said Stein. I dont regret making her the admiral.
Stein remembered the first time he entered Simards army when he was just a rookie. He was a young, passionate, and idiotic kid. He was fat and pimple faced at the time. The training was harsh, he struggled inside it. Simard worked at the military research department for the adoption of the military technology to his troops. And then, the civil war broke out; they fought against Veron well but they were overwhelmed by the enemy. Eventually he surrendered to Veron.
Simard asked Stein not to call him admiral anymore, he scattered his army and ordered them to hide. Simard were never warm toward Stein but he was always like a father for Stein. He disciplined him and took care of him. During all the years Stein met with Simard, Stein thought he was an asshole. But later he was the one whom he missed the most. This was the reason he decided to put Nina to the power and taught her everything he knew.
When they were all captured, Veron was interested in Alices Experiment.  He proposed that if Simard choose to work for Veron, he will release the prisoners. Simard accepted the offer.
Stein was captured in the cell and Verons officers were pronouncing the execution day to the prisoners; he was just sitting there, accepting it and praying. But few days later, the soldier came and entered the cell. He took him roughly out of the cell and brought him to some government officers. They said to sign the form and hes free to go. 
Stein asked them the reason why. Why are they doing this? They answered, Your boss is our dog now, and sniggered.
Later that week, Stein was looking for Simard. He worked in the construction area, lifting stones, struggling to earn his daily bread. He was curious about Simards whereabouts, walking on the ruins. Stein made a good friend with the guard working there. He later asked him a favor whether he could give him the address where Simard Polchinski lived. The guard was reluctant but gave him the address anyway as it was no longer a wartime. The address was written in a shred of paper. Stein followed the address one night. He walked and walked under the starry sky and stopped in front of the shabby wooden building. He walked up to it and knocked.
Few moments later, the door opened and he saw Simard with a haggard look. Simard smiled weakly at the sight of Stein.
Didnt expect you, said Simard.
So, is this the house the dictator gave you to live? said Stein, his voice was hoarse.
Its quite a nice place. said Simard, chuckling.
 said Stein, and they stared at each other for a moment. Simard looked tired, and had a bitter look. 
Come in, said Simard and they walked inside the room. Simard hit the light and sat on the couch, and gestured Stein to sit. But Stein didnt bulge. The room was cold, they could see their vapor.
I had to do it, Stein, otherwise they wont let you guys go, muttered Simard.
Then you shouldnt have let us go, said Stein.
 Let them have what they want, its not a big deal, waved Simard. Too many bloods have been spilled
 I thought you were with me, said Stein. I thought I knew what I signed up for.
I did what I could, said Simard. He stood up and went toward the kitchen; he was limping. He opened the refrigerator and took out the water.
And you just admit your defeat? said Stein. And helping Veron for the rest of your life?
Simard glimpsed at Stein, who was trembling with anger. He gestured to Stein again to sit down, but Stein ignored him. Simard poured the water in the cup and put it on the table. But Stein didnt move to get it.
 Stein, why are you here? said Simard, sighing.
Duty, answered Stein. And you owe me an explanation.
 Duty? said Simard, frowning.
Didnt I swear to you, that Ill fight for you till the end? said Stein.
Touching, I say, noble, you risked your life for me. chuckled Simard. But let me ask you a question, Stein. Am I really worth it?
 Stein leered at him, stiffened and rigid. Simard grabbed the cup of water and gulped it down.
Its a pretty simple question. Do you happen to join my army against your will? I thought since you risked your life, there has to be some compelling reason behind it? said Simard.
Dont fuck with me Simard, said Stein. We all want to kill Veron Komer.
I dont deny it, perhaps Im not the best person to give you this lecture am I? said Simard, bitterly.

But dont get me wrong, my good friend. Im not trying to defend myself. But nevertheless, tell me, why are you here with me? said Simard.
There was a long silence. The air seemed like it froze. They could only hear the sound of the clock ticking.
 Because I fear God, said Stein, closing his eyes.
Simard silenced and merely looked on the table. Stein sighed and walked toward the door.
Time will come, Stein, muttered Simard, his eyes beamed. Stein went out and didnt look back.
And that was the last time he saw his face. Simard disappeared with a black smoke and ashes after Verons raid. And then, that little Nina Polchinski walked into his life.

Chapter 18
Guard Dogs
 
Logan ordered the soldiers to put Veron, Titto, and Mr. and Mrs. Thompson inside the cage they have made. They dug a hole on the ground and blocked it with logs. The soldiers guarded them so they cannot escape.
Next to the base, near the small stream, Logan grabbed a pebble on the ground and threw it to the tree. It snapped and splattered on the water. He lit the cigar with his Zippo, a small puff fumed the heat; he breathes in the smoke from the glowing butt, felt ticklish in his lung. The soldiers were walking around proudly as if they are in Cassandra. Same old stuff, same old stuff.
Its our destiny, murmured Logan, smiling. We will return to Cassandra.
In the cage, Veron was rubbing his shoulder; his face was all bruised up and filled with nasty scar. But it was worse mentally. At the night of the overthrow, which was hardly a coup, Logan threw Morriss head in front of Veron and laughed at him. Veron almost went insane, he didnt eat or drink; he merely stared at the muddy ground, talking to himself. Sometimes he laughed, sometimes he cried and suddenly he cursed Logan and wanted him to be dead.
 Well, this is it then. Our luck, if we had any, just went out, murmured Titto, nearby Thompson family. The soldiers were talking cheerfully, laughing amongst themselves. They talked about conquering the island and returning to Cassandra to become great. They loved the new ruler, Logan, who was now a hero for them.
What is going to happen now? said Mr. Thompson, sweating a little. 
Titto looked at the family who were frightened in the corner. He felt a little easing inside his heart. Veron had a trouble getting his words out.
I dont have an answer, said Titto.
Titto! You are the chief advisor, tell us what to do! shouted Veron.
Well, Im glad you are willing to listen to what we were doing for last twenty years said Titto, sardonically. Remember, you are not on the throne anymore and I dont take request from the asshole.
Veron looked like as if he was slapped in the face. He leered at Titto with anger but didnt speak anything. Titto felt triumph in his heart, as if something blocking his heart suddenly got unclogged. Veron was muttering to himself like an old woman. 
My good man, we will help, just please, is there a way to save our daughter? said Mrs. Thompson. Titto glanced at Melady, who was merely looking at Titto with her big eyes. This made him burn with anxiety and worries that he might lose her.
We have to use their pride, muttered Titto. Flattering, although in this stage it is useless
But, there has to be some way! said Veron.
Since they already achieved their goal, probably they will thrash us and make us like circus monkeys. They will humiliate us and play us like toys. Its a sick, giddy merry-go-around, said Titto, turning to Veron and added. Just like you.
Fight them, muttered Veron, he tried very hard to ignore Tittos last comment. But his senses are betraying him. His muscle bulged and fists hardened.
How, Mr. Genius? Maybe you can worship the stone like you did it before, oh oh, Titto, there is a turtle in my dream what should I do? What should I do? I mean go the fuck to sleep, said Titto. Veron bellowed, swinging his fist, and they started fighting.
Veron pushed Titto on the wall and started hitting him with elbow. Titto grabbed Verons ear and bashed it into the muddy wall and punched his face. And then they were on the ground, rolling and grabbing each other. Mr. Thompson ran and broke them apart.
Stop! Stop! Both of you! What are you doing? bellowed Mr. Thompson.
The guard came near and glimpsed at them, but they didnt bother punishing them. They thought they are losing control in desperateness. They smirked and went away laughing.
Careful Mr. Komer, you no longer have an authority. Stop acting like you have one, sneered Titto, wiping the blood from his lips.
Verons nose was bleeding, he merely stared at Titto. Veron looked at Titto with disbelief and soon was ashamed and started lamenting.
Well get out of it, said Titto to Veron, removing the mud from his head. Soon they will come for Melady, and I wont let that happen, so shut up. Let me think.
Titto was deep in his thought, looking at the sky. Veron was suddenly wailing like a dying dog, everyone startled. The guards came, looked into the cells and frowned. They fired few shots on the mud in front of Veron. Veron, surprised, leapt from the ground and cowered in the corner. The guards spat and went away, grumbling.
One day I woke up in the morning and I was more than just a part of these monstrous events, murmured Veron in the corner. Everyone ignored him.
Few minutes later, Mr. Thompson went up to Titto and whispered to him.
Titto? said Mr. Thompson. In Cassandra, when you were ruling people You have tried to defend your regime from Nina Polchinski, but you couldnt do it. What happened there, do you remember?
Im not Nina Polchinski, murmured Titto.
But still, you mustve learned something from her. hissed Mr. Thompson. Is the security too tight?
Titto didnt answer him back. Mr. Thompson sighed and sat on the muddy floor. Mrs. Thompson went near him and embraced him. Melady was sleeping, tired from the dehydration and anxiety. She let out her soft breathing. Titto just lay down on the ground and looked at the sky. After a while, he opened his mouth.
It is pretty clear to me now that the intensity of surveillance is not the problem. When I was in Cassandra I looked for the systematic imbalance, tilt it, and adjusted several times see whether it collapses, muttered Titto. Even if theyve got all the data of the enemy, it doesnt matter if they dont know which part to use it. One wrong move will pay the consequences. One cannot trap others forever. Even if you have hundreds of dogs guarding and surrounding the wolf, you cannot trap that wolf. Yes, it will escape, dead or alive it will Nina indeed escaped.
Everyone silenced and looked at Titto, Veron glimpsed at him with a little interest.
The question is, I dont know how she did it, said Titto, grudgingly. He sat down and covered his face.

Chapter 19
The Proposal

Heston was alone in the office inside the intelligence agency, examining the report. The papers were scattered on the table. He took out the aspirin pills and put them in his mouth. Heston glimpsed at the bottle of whiskey on the floor. The surface of the water danced inside.
Heston gulped the whiskey and slid it into his stomach. The burning sensation trickled down inside his throat. He could hear the propeller blades rotating from the distance. Heston rubbed his tiresome eyes, yawning and stretching. He got up and went toward the window to get some fresh air. There was a good portion of bird feces dried up on the window. 
Heston saw from the report that now everyone is heading toward the Island of Riddles. 
Men have an innate desire to dominate, he thought.
Currently President in Basileus Republic set up the puppet ruler in Cassandra, restructured the political parties and set up the voting system to spread democracy. But Heston knew it wouldnt last long. But he wasnt too pessimistic about it. Now that Veron Komer is toppled off by Nina Polchinski, various warlords will be pretty much discouraged to rise into the power.
Lot of parties existed before the civil war, guessing Veron outgunned everyone, he thought. Now that theyve heard that we have lost track of Nina Polchinski, not confirming death, they will be too shit scared to rule Cassandra.
He had to deal with the nuclear waste management as it was too dangerous to dump it on the Island of Riddles anymore. Many governments seemed be interested in the island after they have gathered the intelligence regarding Ricky. They addressed to the public that their national security is at stake and they will take a necessary precaution in the island. They were still talking whether to deploy the troops or not, but he knew that they have already sent a spies in the area. He knew there are many lurking secrets inside the island, concerning the power grasping the Cassandra.
Those refugees in the island are those who try to hide from the Assassins Chamber murmured Heston, pouring whiskey to his glass. The Assassins Chamber is the secret organization that contributed to the so-called order in Cassandra. They are known for killing the party leaders that opposes Veron Komer.
Heston determined to deploy agents and drones to the island to check for any abnormality. It would be necessary, now that Veron is gone, those refugees in the shelter will try to come to rule Cassandra again. Although the question was how will they get their army?
Suddenly, he heard the creaking sound. He froze, looked around, and stared at the dark corner of the room. He blinked but saw nothing. The scent of an alcohol loomed inside his mouth. He sensed a slow creaking again; he felt a chill and the sweat immersed from his back.
He looked around the room quietly, but there was no one there; he slowly pulled the desk drawer to take out his gun. But as he put a hand inside the drawer, it suddenly jerked and closed, which caught his hand. Horrified, he shouted in panic, however only the muffed sound came out.
Slowly from the dark, the silhouette appeared. It was a woman. Shortly, many others surrounding him also come into view. Heston, flabbergasted, merely stared at them. The one who was grabbing his mouth let him go. Her hand was dripping with liquid as Heston slobbered all over. She rubbed her hand on her pants with disgust.
Who who who muttered Heston, realizing that all the members who just came out from nowhere were all women.
Shh said one of the women, aiming the pistol on his forehead. She put away her foot from the drawer. Heston gasped and pulled his hand out from it, rubbing his hand in pain.
Such a useful tool that Polchinski uses, quite a dangerous thing, grinned one of the women, tapping the cloaking device which was attached on her shoulder.
Hello Heston, smiled the other women, taking off her headgear. Sorry to bother you in this late hour, weve been too excited about the tour. Its been a while I visited Basileus Republic.
He is about to wet himself, giggled one of them, and others cackled. Heston, with a shock and amazement, looked around this strange group of ladies. They were all wearing a black uniform with the cloaking devices attached. Some were carrying a sniper rifle, but most of them were lightly armed.
What what do you want? said Heston.
Names Lucy. Im here to make a proposal, said Lucy, pulling out the cigarette from her pocket and pressing it between her upper and lower teeth. She flicked the lighter and ignited it.
P Proposal? muttered Heston.
Lucy gestured to one of her underlings and she handed Lucy the package. She glimpsed at it and threw it on the desk. We would like to work together on catching Nina Polchinski,
Is that cocaine? said Heston, shocked.
What do you think? smiled Lucy. One of the members went to the window and closed it and blinded it with curtains.
Are are you insane? In the agency? How how am I going to sell this? Even bring this out of here? Heston stuttered.
I think you know, said Lucy, cackling.
Heston felt the surge of blood running through his head, angry. The members were gazing at him as if they are looking at a puppy.
What makes you think I am going to let you get away with this? said Heston, trying to sound brave than he is. Are you cartel? Terrorist? Even if you kill me, we will track you down!
At this, they burst into laughter.
See? See? I told you, some of them giggled, poking other one with her shoulder as if she won the bet. Lucy stepped on the Hestons lap with her boot and pushed the pistol at Hestons throat, smiling shrewdly. Hestons heart was about to burst. Others giggled.
You cant track us down, Heston, said Lucy. Youve been on our asses for years but with no results.
Lucy grabbed the cigarette and rubbed the glowing butt on Hestons chest. He screamed in pain. Lucy knocked him over to the desk and grabbed his mouth. The whiskey bottle dropped from the desk and crashed it on the floor. 
Other members didnt even flinch, they stood like statues. The whizzing sound came from the one of the members. She moved her walky-talky near her mouth and merely whispered we are under control, out. And then she observed Lucy and Heston. They are on the hallway too, Heston thought.
Shh said Lucy, rather charmingly. She swung the cigarette near his eyes and threw it on the desk. Heres my saliva for you to look at, its not too hard to find out my name on your list. Well going to have a problem if you think this is just a bad dream.
Who are you? muttered Heston.
We are from Cassandra, said Lucy, chuckling. We are the Assassins Chamber. 
Heston fell into a silence, gulping.
If you do what we say, well reward you. If not, lets see whether you can handle it, said Lucy, smiling, standing up. Come to this place, tomorrow at 21:00. 
She dropped the piece of paper next to Hestons face and walked backward, putting on her headgear. They activated the cloaking device. Next moment they all disappeared.
W wait! Wait! shouted Heston, but there was no response.

Chapter 20
Captain Baldi

So, what you are saying is that you want me to protect the sea, while you play along in your playground? said Captain Baldi to Udall, the messenger sent by Logan. Baldi, wearing the pirate hat with beaded braids, was looking at the proposal that Logan wrote. It listed the details about the distribution concerning spoils and foods.
Yes, yes! said Udall. The pirates seemed to be in vigor mood, they gathered around the Udall which made him nervous. They were making fun of his petty uniform and the sheepish look. They roared with laughter. They were on the ship; the tide rocked the ship gently. Baldi flipped the pages. 
So in the time of distress, concerning the spoils, trade in food Huh murmured Baldi, reading through the contract. Well, Mr 
Udall, said Udall, blinking stupidly. The pirates laughed again, treating him like a monkey at the zoo.
Mr. Udall, I like your deal, smiled Baldi, glimpsing up playfully. But it came to my mind that. Urh, I need to see your base first. If we can talk to you over drinks itll be better. Its such a nice island! It is beautiful! We are not in a hurry do we?
But, but we are in a hurry! shouted Udall.
Well, Mr. Udall, you might be, but we are not, grinned Baldi, drinking the bottle of rum, and burped at Udall. Udall frowned with disgust. 
The pirates laughed and Baldi cackled, tapping Udalls shoulder.
Well, the meetings over. See you later, said Baldi, and gestured to his crew.
The crews burst into laughter and grabbed Udall. Udall resisted but it was no use, he squealed in terror. The crews carried him over their shoulder, went to the edge of the ship and threw him over the deck. He screamed and plunged into the water.
Baldi waved at Udall, who was struggling in the water, and crews waved at him too. Udall swam to the coast and started running. When Udall disappeared among the woods, Baldi looked at one of his crew, who was really short.
Eh Pablo? said Baldi, smiling playfully.
Yes Captain, said Pablo, with a squeaky voice.
Follow him along, said Baldi, gulping his rum. The crew cheered and grabbed him. They carried Pablo to the deck, swung few times and threw him over deck. Pablo screamed and splashed in the water. He swam to the shore and followed Udall.

In Poes refugee camp, they sent a squad to meet Alvin in the creek. Gilbert was planning on going with them, but Poe ordered him not to. Its about three days journey for the squad. If they dont come back in seven days then Gilbert will form his own squad and go. They left in dawn. 
About twenty men left, they needed more people to do the guard duty. They brought the kids around Tashas age and made them to stand at the gate while the adults patrolled around the region. Tasha went back from the first duty in night time. She yawned and collapsed on the pile of blankets inside the tent. She took out Alvins old revolver from her pocket and threw it on the table.
Diana gave her some soup but Tasha shook her head and just went to sleep. Jake blew the soup at the table, put the mouthful of it and swallowed it. Next to him, Nancy was sipping the herb tea. The air was bit chilly, as it rained yesterday.
Diana talked to Gilbert about the squad. Gilbert said he had to stay because Poe didnt want him to leave the base. He assured her that he gave the squad the picture of Alvin and that those men were trustworthy. Diana was hopeful to see Alvin again! She was filled with excitement.
Poe, however, seemed to be in dread about current situation, as more hostile population arrived near region. The scouts from the coast arrived yesterday. They reported to Poe that many ships have arrived in the island and they were savaging the camps nearby shore. 
He dared not to move toward the creek with women and children involved. He needed Ninas army, and he was anxious to move to the creek. Catherine however didnt want Nina Polchinski in her presence. She planted few of her men inside her squad to discourage the search. 
The pirates were on the move, they collaborated with themselves. They started surrounding the island. Captain Baldi started attacking the other ship and submitted them under his command. They are ready to ravage the whole island.

Chapter 21
The Bribery

It was an old abandoned tavern. Heston couldnt even read the name of the store. He frowned at the address again and looked around. It seemed like it was the only building with the light on in the entire block. He looked around, but didnt see those mysterious ladies he saw in his office other night. The burnt spot on his chest ached.
Probably they are on the cloaking device, mumbled Heston.
There were few people on the iron stairs attached to the building, smoking outside. They didnt even look at Heston. In front of the entrance, there was one guy sleeping on his cooled-down puke, snoring. Heston pushed the bar door, grumbling. It was the greasy, sticky door; there was one noodle thread and the carrot piece on the middle of the door. Heston took out his handkerchief and rubbed his hand, and entered the tavern. 
It was a shabby bar. A rotten stench of fungus greeted Heston. There were many drunkards bellowing at each other; some of them were on the floor, snoring. Heston didnt have any problem finding the assassins as they were only women in the bar. 
They were talking to two muscular men; there were some expensive liquor bottles on the table. When Heston came near, Lucy touched the mans shoulder and whispered to him. The man looked at Heston threateningly with sparkling eyes and turned around and smiled foolishly at Lucy. The man then looked at Heston again with a rigid face, stood up, stretched his muscle to look bigger and walked away. The other man followed, waving at Lucy with his huge arm.
Heston shuddered; he glimpsed at Lucy. She gestured him to sit. Lucy gave a glass and poured him a drink. Lucy was wearing a green dress. She smiled seductively with her red lips; she was quite beautiful. She was strapped with a long pistol on her thigh.
He gulped down the liquor; his stomach burned as he didnt have any lunch or dinner. He felt a sudden buzz, relieving petty anxieties out of his mind. She smiled softly and poured him another.
You made it, smiled Lucy.
Are you the headmistress? asked Heston.
Yes, since our former one is dead in the sea, said Lucy.
Well, you ladies sure got some guts. Dont you know I can arrest you right now? said Heston.
Only if you want to die so badly, said Lucy, smiling, sipping her drink.
So, what do you want? Im not sure I would want to do anything risky concerning my carrier, said Heston.
We were planning to make you king in Cassandra, said Lucy. Heston scoffed.
A king? frowned Heston. Are you kidding me?
If you dont want to be a king, then you dont have to, you can spread your democracy there, if you wish, said Lucy. All we need is to get our business going, Heston.
Your business? said Heston.
Yes, our business, smiled Lucy.
What is your business? asked Heston.
One of the assassins went up to Heston and started sweeping the device around him to look for the bugs.
Are you trying to dig our organization? Heston? said Lucy.
No, said Heston. The assassin crouched and swept his shoes.
Maybe since you have been working in the espionage division for many years, you might have something that will impress us, said Lucy.
I dont have any bugs on me and no one knows Im here, said Heston.
Yes on the first, no on the next, muttered Lucy, whirling the drinks inside the glass. Your wife knows.
 Heston silenced. Suddenly the sweeping device made a beeping sound when checking for his left leg. Heston froze on the spot. The assassin grabbed on the tip of his boots roughly and pulled out the wiretap. The assassin threw the wiretap on the table. It was about the size of a dayfly.
Thats thats not mine, muttered Heston, his face going pale, looking at Lucy examining the bug.
I know, its ours, smiled Lucy, putting it in her pocket. The assassin retrieved the sweeping device and stood up.
It would be very helpful if Basileus Republic is on our side, said Lucy, laughing softly.
I thought the Assassins Chamber only had twenty five members, said Heston. How exactly are you planning to take over Cassandra?
We dont, we let someone else to do it for us. But, currently no one is willing because they are shit scared. Nina Polchinski became very tedious object for us. said Lucy. 
So you want the protection from the Basileus Republic, said Heston.
Wrong, snapped Lucy, raising her eyebrows. All we need is the database.
The database? frowned Heston.
Yes, we need the blueprint of Ricky Guidos maze, said Lucy.
Heston silenced; the laughter of drunkards was getting louder.
We have recruited mercenaries and other military organizations from the poverty stricken towns nearby Cassandra. Bunch of petty criminals, Id say. They are always easy recruits, said Lucy.
Uh huh, so are you trying to catch Nina Polchinski with the group of thugs? said Heston, sardonically. Are you trying to make a strong first impression to your peers? Well since you became new headmistress?
Id say you are underestimating us too much, smiled Lucy. But the answer is yes.
Heston gulped what was left in his glass.
Deal. said Heston, hiccupping. He put his glass on the table.

Chapter 22
Hello Molly

Sharines arm got better. She used the palm to press the elbow, stretching the muscle, and didnt feel the pain at all. She was glad, jumping around, did some boxing move. But she was stopped by an abrupt pain from her stomach. Sharine walked to the forest and got some rabbits and berries. The wound on her stomach wasnt too bad; at least it escaped the vital organ. She came near and cooked for Kevin, whom contrary to Sharine, became much worse state. Sharine cleaned the garment with drizzling water from the waterfall and changed his bandages for the wound.
Occasionally the creatures attacked them during the night, attracted by the smell, but Sharine managed to shoot them all. However, the ammo was getting low; they only had two rounds left for Kevins machine gun. Sharine changed to semi-automatic when shooting with Kevins machine gun.
Fifteen, muttered Sharine, firing at the creatures loitering around the water. She grunted and went up to the head blown creature. She dragged it as far as possible due to the stench it fumed.
Kevins health was degenerating fast as the wound got infected and fever spiked up. Sharine went out to look for the same herb which Glock gave her. But she was out of luck. Kevin seemed to be enjoying this situation however, he was laughing a lot.
You seem delightful, said Sharine, irritably.
You are very strong woman, said Kevin, looking at her stomach wound curing good, and started laughing again.
Look, Im going to look for the herbs for your wound, I still cant find them, said she, and put his machine gun next to him. She took her sniper rifle which only had six bullets left and her gurka. She strapped it to her back and looked at Kevin who was extremely pale. Sharine touched his sweaty head; it was hot, almost burning. Sharine thought about tying him up in a tree so the creatures cant get to him, but the rough treatment might kill him. He said he can protect himself but he was too weak to even finish the sentence. She gave him the pistol.
Dont die Kevin, said Sharine, feeling her mouth drying up. Too many died at my sight.
Kevin breathed deeply; he leaned his head against the rock and fell asleep. Sharine looked at him, closed her eyes and whispered a prayer. She kissed his forehead and stood up.
You better be here when I come back, muttered Sharine and went into the woods, hoping to find someone who can cure him.

Near that location, Gilbert was worried about continued attack on hunters. Some of the rogues hid among the bushes, disguised as a pile of corpses and surrounded them. They robbed them and held some of them in captives. Poe and Gilbert were frustrated at this continued attack. The ladies at the camps were mourning for their husbands return.
 Bunch of militants is ravishing the island now, said Gilbert to Poe, hearing the sound of wailing and lamenting from the ladies. They are at war against each other, amongst themselves. They are going to use our men as human shields
Damn them, said Poe, his huge cheek vibrated with anger.
Five of them got captured today, said Gilbert. And we havent heard back from the scout yet.
Its been four days, we should wait for two days, and you may go with two others and go. We cannot afford more, said Poe.
Well be quick, Poe, said Gilbert.
Please do, sighed Poe.
Two days two days, muttered Gilbert, shutting his eyes tightly.

Sharine glimpsed at the brownish fur among the bush. Slowly she went, silenced her steps, she aimed it through the scope. It was a deer! It was biting the branches for the leaves. She held her breath and pulled the trigger. The gun roared; it echoed in the forest.
She smiled. She approached the dead deer. She jogged across the thick woods and saw the huge body lying before her. There was no way she could drag this to Kevin. She nevertheless tried, struggling, but within a few feet, she gave up. Instead Sharine took out the knife and cut the chunk of the meat.
 Bear with me baby, said Sharine. She plucked in the knife into its belly and started cutting it. The warm blood poured on the ground, soaking the dirt. As soon as she cut the arteries, the blood scorched to her face.
Psst Psst said Sharine, spitting the blood, wiping it from her face. She cut the strong muscle of the deer, wrestling against the stodginess of the flesh. At last, a good chunk was cut. She grabbed it and held it up, teetering due to its weight. It was heavy but manageable. The blood dripped from it and covered her.
At the time, Gilbert was on the move to search for the lost guards in the forest. He led the group of guards with them and marched through the woods. After a while, they heard the smashing sound of a waterfall from the downside hill. As they were thirsty, they went there for the water. They moved cautiously, as there might be rogues nearby.
When they went near the pond, they stopped as they saw a pile of the creatures. Gilbert looked around and spotted the one-legged man. He frowned and gestured his men to spread over an area. They all raised their gun at the one-legged man. One of the men went near quietly and roughly took his gun. The one-legged man suddenly opened his eyes, but he didnt have strength to resist. The gun slipped from his weak grip. The mans eyes filled with horror.
Grunting, Sharine was walking toward Kevin. She could hear the waterfall now; but as she approached, she felt a weird chill from her back. Her eyes narrowed; by instinct she stopped on the spot before going further. Flies flew around her body, buzzing near her ear. She slowly lay down the meat she was holding. Her hand slowly touched her sniper rifle.
Five shots, murmured Sharine.
 Something was wrong, she looked through the scope. There were several men standing and some of them inside the woods too. About twenty men were surrounding Kevins spot, looking around. She wasnt sure Kevin was alive or not, she couldnt see.
Sharine closed her eyes; she had no strength to fight and nearly about to faint. Her body was battered with days and days of struggles with wounds, hunger and lack of sleep. She had no chance of winning this fight. 
Suddenly, a twig snapped from behind. She closed her eyes, laughing to herself that she acted carelessly. She dropped her gun on the ground and raised her hands in the air.
Few men came toward her, carefully examining her blood soaked body. Someone took her knife and the rifle from the ground. He nodded that she was clean; others lowered their guns. One of them took her by her arm and walked toward the waterfall. Others went back to their spot, continuing to guard the area.
When Sharine approached the group of men surrounding Kevin, they were startled by her appearance as she was soaked in blood. The man who brought Sharine roughly pushed her to the ground and aimed at her.
Sharine glimpsed at Kevin, who was looking at her also. She sighed in relief. Gilbert frowned and waved at the guard to withdraw his gun.
Who are you? said Gilbert, examining her. Others looked at her as if they were looking at some dangerous lunatic. 
Castaway, said Sharine. She looked at Gilbert with wearisome eyes, frightened about what men might do to her. The bunch of men, fully armed, looked fierce and valiant.
Let us go please, my friend is severely injured, said Sharine, glancing at Kevin, who now looked like a squid spattered on the shore.
 I have my orders, there have been many disturbing activities going on around here. I have to take you, said Gilbert, coldly.
Treat my friend, and Ill be your slave, said Sharine, kneeling. The men mumbled amongst themselves. Gilbert snorted.
You dont have to do that, frowned Gilbert. But still, I have to take you.
How how far is your village? asked Sharine.
We are not from here. We are the refugees from Cassandra, said Gilbert. Sharine felt as if something cold dropped inside her stomach. 
What are the refugees doing in this island? she thought, as she didnt hear about what happened in Cassandra yet. Gilbert gestured others to carry Kevin. They lifted him up. Kevin groaned in pain, drooling.
Please, Sharine pleaded. Dont treat him roughly. He is in a very bad state.
They headed toward the camp swiftly. Sharine looked at Kevin with a concerned face.
What is your name? asked Gilbert.
Molly, said Sharine, saying the first name that popped into her mind. Molly Pepper.
When the group arrived, they called the caregivers inside the camp. The men entered the tent and put him on a pile of blankets. Two ladies went inside the tent with medical kit. Kevin looked like a green corpse. The ladies wiped his face and chest and poured alcohol on his wound. Sharine sat down next to them, watched and stayed there. 
Sharine had an intense headache. Her limbs were failing. She couldnt breathe; she went outside for an air. And then she collapsed and started puking. She felt extremely weak; she sensed the refugees gathered around the tent and were looking at her. Sharine coughed; there was no strength on her legs. One of the caregivers went outside and brought Sharine inside the tent. She forced Sharine to lie down.
Your boyfriend is going to be alright, lady, said one lady.
He is not my whispered Sharine, but the voice didnt come out. The caregivers tried to wash her face with hot towel. Sharine felt a soothing steamy towel; her vision blurred but she felt good.
Are you sure you dont want to take her to the bathe? said the woman, looking at Sharines body covered with blood.
I dont know, she has a horrible stench, but I think she is going to pass out if we try to bathe her, said the other.
Lets do it later then, said the woman. Oh my, what is this?
Alerted, they saw her half ripped clothes wrapping her waist and the wound inside.
My my, what did you do, lady? said one caregiver.
My dear my dear. said the other, carefully unwrapping the shabby clothes from her waist. She grabbed the new bandages from the kit and applied the medicine on her wound. The wound stung, Sharine flinched.
Sharine couldnt think; she was overwhelmed by the fatigue. All her bones were aching badly and the senses were almost numbing. She stared at a blank space with her half dead eyes. Two ladies were working busily to treat the wounds. Sharine closed her eyes and passed out.

Chapter 23
The Trial

Sharine woke up in the next day. The strong scent of medical herbs was filling the room; it had that sweet and bitter scent. The tent was pretty big; there was even a water barrel on the corner to take a shower. Sharine looked at Kevin, who was sleeping; he looked as if hes about to die but somehow he continued breathing. There were new bandage for him and her. It was still dawn, it was misty. The air was chilly. She covered herself with the blanket and stared at the ceiling.
She was in new clothes made out of wools. It was cozy and comfortable. Her muscle felt like a stone; she hardly could move. She had a hard time before in Cassandra but nothing like this.
She was thinking about what happens after this. Maybe she will somehow survive and return to the Assassins Chamber in Cassandra, or she could find the village and have a normal life with this half-dead guy snoring in front of her. But all these wishes were relying on the chance that no refugees will recognize her face. If they do, they will probably try to execute her in the wilderness. She knew the life in here isnt going to be like in the village. Her heart stopped when she heard that they were from Cassandra; it was highly probable that they were refugees hiding from Veron.
She was thinking of escaping from the camp, but seeing Kevin, she gave up. She knew that it was not possible to drag him out from the camp.
She was the headmistress in the Assassins Chamber, and in fact killed many of the rebels under Verons regime. They acted purely on profit, didnt care about anything else. They were notorious for their shrewd and meticulous scheming. They made profit by maintaining balance in Cassandra, stopping one group from growing too large. 
So far, things looked good. These ladies in the camp chatted among themselves about the young couple they have rescued from the wood. They saw she was up, and offered her some meal. She didnt talk much as she was afraid that someone might recognize her. But it was a useless attempt. About an hour later, Gilbert and two other men, strapped with guns, came in and stood before Sharine.
Well, that was fast, chuckled Sharine, seeing bunch of men who came inside the camp and stood before her.
Hello Molly, said Gilbert. We have some question.
Kevin was sleeping while Sharine was taken. Sharine looked at him, smiled weakly and went out the camp. She was taken in the middle of the open space. The guard threw her on the mud. The big, barbaric guy with a ridiculous mustache grumped and sat on the chair in front of Sharine. The skinny woman strolled along and sat next to him. The crowd gathered around. Some of the kids were shouting to spread the news throughout the whole camp. And then a stupid looking boy sheepishly walked across the space and sat next to the skinny woman.
Rather than the grudge, Poe was rather entertained at the situation. He sat on a chair, like an old barbaric king, looking down at the prisoner they have caught. His wife leered at Sharine with weary eyes, pouring Poe a drink. The people were angry and had the blood thirsty look. They were screeching to hang her for the crime she has committed in Cassandra. They called her a murderess and the assassin. They surrounded her like a mob. 
Sharine Pestice? said one elderly woman, with a trembling voice. The others murmured with amazement and some with fear.
She is an assassin! someone clamored, accusing her.
Infamy! The murderess! She killed many of us! the other shouted in an upheaval. The sounds coming out of them began to rise. Nancy and Diana were among them, worried, looking at one woman on her knees. Tasha and Jake too, watched her. She was a beautiful woman, despite the turmoil she endured in the island.
Anything to say Ms. Pestice? said Poe, gloated, amused at this unexpected gain.
Yeah, who am I speaking with? said Sharine.
Call me Poe, Poe Baring, said Poe, enjoying the situation.
Im guessing your people are refugees? Sharine taunted, looking at the swarm of angry people.
Oh? How did you know? inquired Poe.
Looks and stench, said Sharine. The crowd reviled and some of them spat to her. They threw the mud and pebble at her. Sharine groaned as few hit her body. The guards stopped them from throwing the rock. Sharine looked at Poe directly.
What you are accusing me of, I dont deny any, said Sharine, smiling. I guess we die, when we die.
Arrogant one! shouted one man, throwing rock at her, which hit her cheek. She screamed and fell on the side. Her head on the mud, she bled from her face. The crowds were going out of control.
Gilbert just came out from the tent after tying Kevin up as Catherine ordered him to. He went to where people were roaring. And then, Gilbert saw the Sharine lying down on the muddy ground, breathing weakly, shaking. He walked through the crowds to get to Poe. On the way he saw one man taking out the pistol and aiming at her. Gilbert pushed the crowds, ran toward him and twisted the mans hand. The gun fired at the sky, missing Sharine. The people silenced at the gunshot.
Gilbert looked at the man harshly. The man, startled, dropped the gun.
Whats wrong with you? said Gilbert.
What? said the man, confused. She is murderess and I But before he could finish, Gilbert slapped him. It made a loud whacking sound. The man fell on the ground, grabbing his face. The crowd murmured.
Gilbert, breathing deeply, walked toward Poe and stopped right next to Sharine. The crowd saw him and silenced.
 There is a man dying here and she came to surrender! And we have tied the wounded man and trying to kill the woman! shouted Gilbert.
She is murderess! She needs to be put into justice! crowds bellowed.
Really? Does any of you have evidence that this woman killed anyone who we know? bellowed Gilbert. There was a silence. Sharine stared at Gilbert with bruised face. But again there were rage of complaints. Seeing this, Catherine stood up.
Of course she leaves no evidence! She has done this many times! Catherine shrieked. 
Indeed many times! the crowds shouted.
We are criminals! We ran away from Veron Komer in the first place! And you want to kill this young woman? said Gilbert.
How despicable of you to treat us like a criminals! said Catherine, with contempt. Are you siding with Veron Komer, along with that filthy little woman who worked under him?
The crowds roared in rage.
Im not siding with Veron, said Gilbert, his eyes beaming. And Verons regime is already gone. There is no reason for this madness.
Shut up Gilbert! I order you! screeched Catherine, her eyes bulging out. Evan was trembling next to her. We have the law! We need to follow!
Tasha and Jake were horrified at Catherine. They knew Catherine was bitchy, but not to this extent. Diana grabbed them and pulled them to her bosom.
 For what? Are we that sort of people? You are no different than Veron! bellowed Gilbert. Catherine dropped her jaw.
How dare you! shouted Catherine.
The crowds threw the rock at him too. The Gilbert blocked with his arm took out the rifle and shot it on the air. The crowds silenced. At this, Poe stood up, pulled out his own gun and aimed at Gilbert.
Put the gun down, Gilbert, said Poe, grumpily. Gilbert looked at Poe.
Not going to happen, Poe, said Gilbert. The guards cocked their rifles, and aimed at Gilbert and Sharine.
What what are you doing? whispered Sharine to Gilbert, shaking, not believing what she is seeing. There was a mixture of tears inside her voice. Why are you
Gilbert didnt look at Sharine, ignoring her; he merely aimed his rifle at the guards. Sharine didnt finish the sentence; she dropped her head, sniffing.
The rest of crowds wearily watched them, the air seemed like it froze. Poe didnt want to lose Gilbert who led the army and had been loyal to him for all these years. Catherine gazed at Poe with some kind of sick wish. Evan seemed excited, licking his lips. Poe coughed as everyone stared at him, waiting for his words to come out. The guards continued to aim at Gilbert but were reluctant to shoot him; their leader was about to disappear from this earth.
Are you sure you want to let her go, Gilbert? said Poe.
No regrets, muttered Gilbert, putting his hand on Sharines head.
It seemed like time has been stopped. Sharine could hear her own heartbeat. Gilbert just aimed at one of the guards and breathed calmly as if he is shooting the target for leisure. Poe snorted and let out the long rowdy laugh. The crowds stared at him.
Suit yourself, chuckled Poe and withdrew his pistol. The guards sighed in relief, and lowered their guns too. The prisoner goes free. 
Catherines face became distorted and started protesting against her husband, but Poe ignored her. Sharine seemed to be dumbfounded. The crowds were getting wild and mad.
One more word coming out of you, I will burn you alive! bellowed Poe, and the crowd silenced.

Poe grunted and left, Evan followed him. Catherine glimpsed at Sharine loathsomely and went away. The crowds scattered. Seeing that everyone left, Gilbert walked away also. Sharine was left alone on the muddy ground. Sharine hardly realized what just happened. The people left. They all left.
Later Sharine was brought back to the camp where Kevin lay down sick; his pale face regained some color. He was breathing peacefully. Sharine smiled at him, her senses seemed to be burnt out. The fatigue overcame her; without changing clothes, she just fell asleep.
When she got up, she realized that her boots and clothes were stained with mud and blood. She took them off and washed her body using the water barrel in the corner. After drying her body, she changed to the garment the caregiver gave her.
Nancy called Tasha and asked her to sneak in and put some of the food for her to eat, since everyone seems to be reluctant to do so. The people were discussing even to stab her and hide her body in the woods. In the late evening, Tasha went to Sharines tent and saw her sitting next to Kevin. She put down the plate full of fruits and left the tent. Sharine glimpsed at Tashas back. Sharine looked awfully skinny, wounded and grieved, although her beauty remained.
Sharine grabbed few fruits and munched them. The sweetness spread inside her mouth. And then she lay down next to Kevin; she could hear his breathing. She touched his face with her eyebrows. 
Did the bravery finally paid off? she thought.
She could hear a song from a distance. Some man was singing a love song, playing guitar. It was sweet; it made her to forget about certain things and to remember some of the things. She felt like her curse has been lifted up and the warmth entered her heart again.
She sensed that it was the middle of the night; the guards were dozing before her. She thought she could take a walk around. There was no wind at that night, the sky was clear. She breathed in the air.
Kevin did not wake up next day; he was sleeping like a pig. Sharine merely stayed near bed, recovering slowly. Gilbert was readying himself to go to the creeks with three other guards, but was worried about them harming Sharine after he is gone.
He actually called Tasha to do the job to protect Sharine. If she heard anything quirky, she was to act as a messenger and run to Poe like a little bird.
Sharine enjoyed peaceful days. The refugees werent that hostile to her. She just slept and ate, waiting for Kevin to wake up. The gossip continued however, often induced by Catherine, they cursed and threatened her to put to the justice. 
Next day, after Gilbert was gone, no one bothered to feed Sharine, so Diana volunteered to bring her food. She didnt, however, know how to start the conversation with her. She always looked at Sharines mystic feature and said Its not poisoned. 
Eventually after four days, Kevin opened his eyes. He looked at Sharine with his mummified look.
Hello stranger, muttered Kevin, smiling.
Hi dumbass, said Sharine.
I forgot your name, said Kevin, chuckling.
Its Sharine, said she.
 Well, I think your name is pretty, said Kevin. Not as your face, nor as your boobs.
Sharine laughed.
Come here, said Kevin, smiling, spreading his arm. She went near him and they kissed.

Chapter 24
Good Morning

It was Saturday. Protter woke up earlier than usual as one car set up a burglar alarm and wouldnt turn off. For about ten-fifteen minutes, the car was honking. He groaned and put the pillow over his head. It didnt go off, he and his wife were just waiting for it to shut up, but it kept going and going. Their angers were building up. Suddenly his wife, Mary, got out of the room and returned with a cherry pie from the fridge. She opened the window and threw it on the car. The pie spattered and the whip cream splattered all over the window. Not surprisingly, the alarm got louder. Mary grunted, experiencing nerve damage.
You want to eat outside honey? murmured Protter, Mary merely grabbed the clock and threw it toward the car. The car window crashed.
Ill get my coat, said Protter and got out of the bed. Mary didnt do her hair; she merely put the pants on, grabbed the coat and got out of the door. They were heading toward the brunch restaurant. In the car, Mary was still recovering from the shock. She grabbed the cap lying in the corner of the car and put it on; she started snoring.
Good morning sir, maam, said the waitress. Protter ordered the pancakes, salted sausage and hash brown on the side. Mary said she wasnt hungry; she merely ordered the coffee. Her fuzzy hair was pushed under her hat.
Very pleasant, said Protter, pouring the maple syrup on the top of the pancakes.
I never drink coffee in the weekend said Mary, putting her hands on her forehead.
Exciting, said Protter, half heartedly.
Very, said Mary, yawning. Dont you have to drop by the agency today?
Why? frowned Protter.
I saw your text, said she, stretching herself. She cracked her neck.
Im not going, said Protter.
Very nice of you, murmured Mary.
This case is driving me nuts, said Protter.
I feel sorry for that girl too, yes such a pity, said Mary, with a hoarse voice. She reached for her pocket and took out the cigarette. Protter raised his eyebrows, but Mary ignored him and lighted up her cigarette.
Honey, we talked about this, said Protter.
Im not pregnant, baby, said Mary, inhaling the nicotine.
All right, hopefully the waiter doesnt kick us out, said Protter, putting some amount of tips under the salt bottle.
I feel sorry for the girl, sighed Mary.
What girl? said Protter.
Your case, Nina Polchinski, kicked some ass back in that fucked up country, and ran to the island, said Mary.
How did you know? said Protter, giving her a dirty look.
I bugged you, answered Mary.
Did you bug me again? said Protter, almost jumping out from his seat.
I have my temptation, murmured Mary.
You know that is a serious breach of national security. Do you know how much damage it will cause if this slips? muttered Protter, almost leaping out from his seat.
Oh, dont be such a baby, Mary frowned.
Baby? Baby?! shouted Protter, people started looking at them. The waitress came and sheepishly put down the pancakes.
I know Ricky have been protecting, well some of those high political weirdoes, but if he tries to protect her, hell be in a big trouble. said Mary.
Im not talking to you, said Protter.
Hes your friend, and youll feel bad afterward if you dont do something about it, said Mary.
 Without talking, he shoveled the pancakes in his mouth.
Come on, dear, said Mary.

 How about Damiew? suggested Mary.
What about him? said Protter.
Well you know he just got out of the prison said Mary, tapping the end of the cigarette on the floor, the ash dropped. Completely broke, single, trying to take care of his sister Im sure you can manage some backroom deal for your friend.
I never wanted my wife to be so demanding, muttered Protter.
Aww I love you too, smiled Mary. Eat, before it cools down.
 Protter grumbled something under his mouth. Mary smiled and sipped the coffee. Protter had a lot of things on his mind because the movement of pursuing the ancient barbaric world was spreading like a disease across the nation. No longer they cared about the ideology or philosophy, they just did whatever they wished to do. The world became a weird mindless mess, filled with crazy and distorted conquests. 
The creatures were creating a mess inside the other nations, as Veron used local mafias to produce some of the creatures in the underground channel, in an exchange of the drug route that came from him. Those mafias were buying all the local businesses after their values went down. Also ensured a protection for them and charged the high fees. 
Now those creatures are out in the street, all they do was pointing fingers at each other. Although it wasnt a problem in Basileus Republic, who had a supreme military might. The creatures, after they have been released, began to sprout all over the countries, making a breeding ground. The civilians were attacked and the economy plunged down.
The citizens of Basileus Republic, however, didnt really care, it wasnt a threat to the civilization, some of them looked at it with mere curiosity, rather than the threat to the world. The people didnt want to send their kids overseas and interfere with what the world has to deal with. The president didnt care either; he merely sent the forces to Cassandra to stabilize the region. So only the agents in the intelligence agency busily moved to gather intelligence, and did the covert operation.
They werent sure about the new ruler in Cassandra. As the whole hierarchy was destroyed, it became a pitifully weak government. The ruler looked like a mouse thrown into the pack of cats. If they were attacked again by any military group, there will again be war. No one bothered to fight for the puppet government at this stage.
Protter thought Nina becoming a ruler in Cassandra was not a bad idea, but he didnt know where she was or whether she is alive or not. And he wasnt sure other foreign government would let Nina to take over Cassandra.
But in order for that crazy idea to happen, Ricky and Nina have to become allies. Protter determined he is going to take Ninas side, and he is going to arrange the meeting. 
Urrrgh, he groaned. After he got home from the breakfast, Mary went back to sleep, saying good night. He pushed the button on his cell phone and called the one which he hasnt contacted for more than eight years.
Damiew Murph was a Special Force undercover unit working under the intelligence agency; he was a demolition unit bombing various runaway vessels of various warlords. But he had to hide in the prison after his face was exposed during operation.
But he wasnt picking up the phone. On the second thought, it might not be a good idea for him to contact him directly. He might not only refuse but try to kill Protter for sending him to prison.
Now lets see, whom I can trust? murmured Protter. He called another number and the young bright voice came out from the phone.
Heeello! Sir! said one young woman, with a playful voice. Its Saturday sir! she added.
Hello Dorothy, said Protter. We need to meet, its urgent.
Er Urgent sir? said she. There was a sound of the frying oil heard over the phone.
Yes, it is an important matter, said Protter, lowering his voice. Come to the Belly Felly restaurant in front of the Pavery square building at six oclock today.
Ok, sir, said Dorothy, the sound of light metal clattering was heard over the phone. Is this well risky, sir?
Its related to Cassandra, but I do not want to talk a said Protter.
Ok sir, Ill be there, Dorothy interrupted.
Good, said Protter, and hanged off the phone.
Dorothy was a personal assistant of Protter, first started as a young passionate intern wearing rectangular red glasses. She was a hacker. With her group of friends, she hacked into the database in the intelligence agency and posted the pictures of kittens there. After this, her and all her friends were captured and were facing a jail time. At the time, Protter needed some assistance regarding his operation so he has offered her a deal to work for the agency for few years. After she signed the form, she was assigned under Protter since.
After the call, she put down the cooking pan and put out the scrambled egg on the plate. She picked up the apples from the basket and washed it in running water. The apple crunched between her jaws.
Later in that evening, she went to Belly Felly restaurant. She was running little late, she was thinking about an excuse inside her head. But before she could approach the door, one man took her hand and they walked past the entrance.
Umm murmured Dorothy, but before she could say anything, he slid a little USB drive with a piece of paper wrapped around it. Dorothy grabbed it and hid it inside her pocket.
Keep walking, said the man as they went around the corner.  On the end of the street, grab a taxi, and go to the address that is written on the paper.
What is this address? said Dorothy.
You have to meet the man named Damiew Murph, your first case in the agency. Convince him to find Ricky Guido, and give him the drive; well give you the detail soon, said he.
Dorothys heart pumped at his name. Damiew was a skinny, handsome man, who she guided his mission for some time in the past when she was new to the agency. Dorothy had a feeling for him as he was kind and really good looking. However, after when his face got exposed to some dangerous organization, he had to stay in the maximum security prison for the safety reason.
She didnt hear from him since then, hopefully he is not too mad at her. The taxi driver stared at the address, and grumbled to her that it is a bad neighborhood. He said someone threw a rock at his car window last time he went there. He asked what business does a lady like her have there, as she was wearing a business suit. She merely replied that it is none of his business. He grumbled and zoomed past the cars. 
She paid the fare and the taxi driver nodded. As soon as she got out of the car, he boosted with the high speed and disappeared from the corner of the street. It was a ghetto neighborhood, the wind blew and the empty can made a clattering sound and strolled past her. From a distance there were bunch of young men playing basketball inside the wired fence. Also there was one guy, just standing there on the stairs, day dreaming. She frowned and entered the apartment.
But when she went up to the room, it was vacant. The door was wide opened and there was a janitor cleaning up the apartment. She asked her where the former resident went and she said she didnt know.
She made trip to the office to ask the manager. She was a hysterical looking old lady; her nasty wrinkles were deeply engraved on her face. When she saw Dorothy, she blinked with glittering eyes filled with greed and her lips formed that freakish smile. She asked her whether she came for the real estate business. So, soon after Dorothy spoke, her face became crumpled and grumpy. When she mentioned the name, Damiew, the manager shrieked in terror and started barking at her.
It turned out that he didnt pay the rent and threatened the manager with gun that he would kill her family if she contact the police, and lived six months for free. She cut out the water and electricity but he still wouldnt move out. Afterwards, the police came and dragged him out of the room to the street.
When Dorothy nevertheless asked her where Damiew went, the manager started throwing stuffs at her. So Dorothy had to ask that day dreaming man standing on the stairs. He stared blankly on the space without looking at her, he just pointed at some shabby building across the street.
Ehhh tha baseman tha basemat murmured the day dreaming man. Dorothy said thanks, walked toward the old cracked, grey building and went down. It was a rustic door with a rat hole on the bottom. She was filled with excitement; she knocked on the door.
Hey! Damiew! Open up! shouted Dorothy. She banged on the door and the door suddenly got opened. There was a shabby man with a chaotic hair standing in front of her.
What the fuck is this? said Damiew, holding the bottle of vodka in his hand.
Damiew? said Dorothy, unsure, denying her eyesight.
Yeah? murmured Damiew, gazing at the woman in a business suit.
You are Damiew? asked Dorothy.
Waddu you think? said Damiew, narrowing his eyes. Wait do I know you?
No, Dorothy smiled. I brought an order from Protter. 
I dont give a shit about you guys. Your boss put me in jail! said Damiew, slurring his speech.
We apologize, said Dorothy.
Wait a minute, you! You are the one who put me there. bellowed Damiew, spattering his saliva on her face. Dorothy wiped her face with sorrow.
Yeah, things happen, said Dorothy. What am I supposed to do? Let you die? 
You!... You! shouted Damiew, scratching his head violently, struggling to remember her name.
... Its Dorothy, murmured Dorothy.
Yes! yes! thats youraa name! said Damiew. Youre an asshole.
Thank you, said Dorothy.
Come on in then! No time to be bound in the past, I need work anyway, said Damiew, waving.
Dorothy was pleased at this. Smiling a little, she entered the house. Damiew slipped a little as he stepped on the pizza slice on the floor. He offered a couch but Dorothy sat on a small chair. Damiew burped and went to the bathroom, and start taking a shower.
After about thirty minutes, he got out from the bathroom and grinned at Dorothy, who looked miserable.
Coffee? said Damiew, little sober than before.
No, said Dorothy, sniffing, smelling fungus.
Well, I think you need one, said Damiew, and went up to the kitchen. Dorothy frowned at him, rolling her eyes.
After a while, he came back with coffee. He sat down, looking at her. Dorothy didnt touch the cup. They havent seen each other for eight years. They stared each other for a while, just sipping coffee. Few minutes passed by, Damiew broke the silence.
Im retired. I have a plan on opening a small shop maybe, said Damiew.
Oh come on, Damiew, you? Opening a shop? said Dorothy, laughed a little.
Why you think Im so stupid? Even running a small shop? shouted Damiew.
You scare off customers, said Dorothy.
Well well maybe Im going to play nice after all, said Damiew.
How about now? said Dorothy.
After you are gone, he added.
Are you interested in work? said Dorothy, grabbing the coffee and sipping it.
Yeah, I guess, murmured Damiew.
Ten thousand.
No.
Twenty.
No.
You are bullshitting me, said Dorothy.
How about a date? said Damiew, glimpsing at her.
A date? said Dorothy, raising her eyebrows, snorting. With you?
Twenty and a date, then yes, grinned Damiew.
No, snapped Dorothy.
Why? said Damiew.
Because you are a pervert, said Dorothy.
Why am I a pervert? frowned Damiew.
Are you not? asked Dorothy.
Of course not, do you think all guys from prisons are like some animals? Damiew protested.
Prove it, said Dorothy.
 No, youre right, said Damiew.
No money, accept the deal, then Ill go out with you, smiled Dorothy.
You are bullshitting me, said Damiew.
Come on, all is provided, food, equipments. All we need is some guts, show me your love, said Dorothy.
No love, Initial amount and a date, thats it, said Damiew, lying back on a couch.
Deal, smiled Dorothy.
I just got played here, am I? murmured Damiew.
Yep, said Dorothy, stood up and without looking back she went out the door.
When did she become a fox? said Damiew and sipped the coffee.

The agents contacted Damiew the next day; he was brought to the boathouse and given the instruction. He was to be riding on the cargo ship that travels near the area. Dorothy will be his close contact from the boathouse, to assist him on the way. She will provide him the satellite pictures and the map of Rickys maze. The agents will send the drone to fly over the island for their communication.
Still in his house, Damiew was looking at the blue print of Rickys maze; the device showed him the map in 3D. He slid his finger at its surface and was amazed at its complexity. Few minutes later he leaned back on his dirty couch and checked his personal handgun.
Town made out of trains huh? said Damiew, smiling, gulping his vodka. Suddenly, the creaking sound was heard from the back. A poor and dirty man appeared from the dark, yawning, stretching his muscle.
The floor is wet said the man, indignantly. Now my blanket is wet, man.
He dug his hand into his pants and started scratching. Damiew frowned at him.
Screw you, said Damiew.
What is your problem man? shouted Jago. He was a partner and a friend since he first worked as an undercover agent.
Well Im happy, I got a job, said Damiew.
What do you mean you got a job? said Jade with sleepy eyes, trying to open his eyelids.
Im going on a business trip, said Damiew. Tomorrow.
Well, fuck that, you drunkard, grunted Jago, sniffing at his finger. Im going to bed.
Wait I need a favor to ask you, said Damiew.
No, said Jago; he went into the room and slammed the door.
Little insurance is not a bad idea  murmured Damiew, and put down the vodka bottle on the table. I need someone to dig my grave anyway.
Next day, Damiew rode a cargo ship and went near the island; during the course, he jumped out from the ship. The lightening struck from the sky. Damiew appeared from surface of the water, stepped on the island.
 Im in the zone, I repeat, in the zone, said Damiew, heavy rain soaked his shoulder. He felt as if he has landed on the dead mens land.
Roger that baby, said Dorothy from the other end of the connection.

Chapter 25
Rogues and Assassins

The Assassins Chamber recruited the rogues in the isolated region inside Cassandra. They went to the farmhouse where the people gather to gamble. They threw the bundle of bucks on the table. The heat and tension, the spike and bitterness continued. When the assassins walked in, one bodyguard showed the way to the backroom.
Good, now shall we enjoy the evening? said Lucy, looking at the group of people gathered in the room. They leered at three ladies who just walked in.
Too many people, said Lucy.
The bald, broad-shouldered man who sat in the middle of the room was named Ned. He was the man who was leading this group. Ned glanced at Lucy.
 Fat one, to the bald one, said Lucy, pointing at the men, standing behind Ned. Get out.
The men took out their weapons, growling. Ned scoffed and gestured his men to leave the room.  They grunted, looking at each other and reluctantly left the room. There was only one bodyguard left.
Hello Ned, smiled Lucy.
Hello Lucy, grinned Ned. I should congratulate you; for becoming the headmistress.
Cheers, said Lucy, with a dry voice. Ned gestured the ladies to sit down. His hand was full of scars and it was rough. Lucy and other two assassins sat down on the couch.
Seen your headmistress once, she is beautiful, said him, sniggering. Well, you are not bad either; we can have a good time together, mistress,
Know your place, dog, said Lucy, smirking. The body guard frowned at Lucy, moving his muscle in discomfort.
Ouch, said Ned, smiling.
Well, I havent seen you for a while. Hows the business? said Lucy.
Well, the chief of police department got fired and some young stupid kid came along, bugging us instead. We are teaching him how the things run around here, growled Ned, drinking whiskey from his shot; he poured the drink and slid it to Lucy. The shot glass was not properly cleaned; it looked filthy even under the dim light. Lucy glimpsed at it and didnt touch it.
We are shipping off to the Island of Riddles, said Lucy.
Island of Riddles? glimpsed Ned.
Yes, we have a source that Nina might be in there, said Lucy.
Huh... alright, said Ned, dully and with a little disappointment.
So are you said Lucy.
We will prepare the ship from our local customers, said Ned, yawning. It was always been our best interests to maintain good relationship with the Assassins Chamber; you guys drop the words that have been useful to our industries
Good, said Lucy.
 Ive seen you since you were with Pestice. Well, she was more interesting than you, said Ned.
 Lucys smile faded.
I dont know why but, said Ned, stretching. You bore me, Lucy,
 Lucy leered at him and clenched her teeth. Ned stood up and waved at his body guard.
Your organization is dying off, good luck trying to stay alive, muttered Ned, licking the last drops of his whiskey.
Its an insult for us to even deal with you thugs, said Lucy.
Really? said Ned, his eyes sparkling. Ha! Start to be more useful than right now or our business is over.
Ned laughed and got out of the door with the body guard. After they left, Lucy was trembling with a humility and anger. She swung her arm and knocked over the whiskey they were drinking. It fell and crashed on the floor.
Do you think they are using us to find Nina? said the assassin. Seems like he wants the replacement.
Yes said Lucy, sniffing. If we fail to capture Nina Polchinski, our life will be over.
Careful, Pestice was killed by Nina Polchinski. She is not to be underestimated, said the assassin, looking at Lucy. If Ned is backstabs us, we have no solution.
 I know, I know, muttered Lucy. Just let me think.

The Assassins Chamber was originally the rebel forces against Verons regime.  During the civil war, they were trying to take over the country after Verons army became weakened by the government at the time. But when Veron came to power, he captured the original members of the Assassins Chamber in order to prevent the coup. But instead of punishing the rebels, he made them to remove the potential rebel activities in Cassandra. This was the reason why they were sometimes referred to as the String of the Pendulum, the Keeper of Balance. This enabled them to do things that normal thugs couldnt do, swinging their power as if nothing mattered. They risked very little, played an unfair game. Initially the Assassins Chamber consisted both male and female members.
The fact was they didnt pay slightest loyalty to Veron. Sharine Pestice, who survived from the training of the espionage unit, hated Verons regime. Her hatred stuck to her bone. She did a good job keeping their hands off of certain matter and let business prosper on its own. As no one dared to question the authority to Veron at the time, the economy started growing, giving more power to Veron and the Assassins Chamber. But the amount of bribes that have entered the Assassins Chamber corrupted the organization. That was the time when Sharine removed all the male members from the group and acted as a sovereign group, free from Verons regime. And when she saw Nina Polchinski, she kept her members from touching her, even supported her to grow. 
But when Sharine Pestice was lost in the ghost ship operation in the southern sea, they sensed a serious threat to the organization. The rebels, including Ned, started rising against the Assassins Chamber. As the situation come to this, Lucy bluffed that the organization became stronger as Veron regime fell, which, the reality was an exact opposite. This was the reason she contacted Heston in the first place; it was to look more powerful.
Hopefully they dont notice, thought Lucy.

Chapter 26
Foolishness

In the Island of Riddles, Verons soldiers were having a rough day. For a whole past week, the numbers of the creatures have been increased exceedingly. The pirates didnt do anything to help them, they didnt even do it for themselves either; they were merely drunk at the beach, singing the sailors song.
When Logan sent a messenger concerning the reinforcement, the pirates laughed at him. Logan was furious but couldnt do anything about it, as pirates were many in number. Titto, who was still in the cage, tried to read what was going on from the guards occasional remarks and their frustration.
One day the guard came and gave the watery porridges for them to share. Titto looked at the guards as the quantity was ridiculously small.
Is there something more I should be depressed about? asked Titto.
Oh yes, said the guard, spreading his chest. We are going to build our empire larger and stronger than you ever did. We are smart, you know, we made a deal!
A deal? frowned Titto.
Yes! said the guard, letting out the foolish laughter. With the pirates, those low lives are too dumb to realize that the treaty is strictly advantageous to us! We went up and we made them sign the treaty! Those savages are scared of us
Congratulation, murmured Titto. I hope you prosper. Maybe get a pretty girlfriend.
The guard sniggered and punched Tittos shoulder playfully. Titto frowned, and forced his smile.
I think you are not a bad guy! I think, when we become larger, you might even be my advisor! shouted the guard. Ill talk good about you to Logan.
How generous, said Titto, sarcastically. But the guard didnt notice the tone.
Dont worry, we wont be harsh like that crook did, laughed the guard, pointing a finger at Veron. 
Veron was murmuring about his son in the corner. Occasionally he collapsed on the ground, grabbing his heart and in the next moment he just stood up, starting to hit his head against the log. After the guard was gone, Mrs. Thompson looked at Titto with concerned face.
Pirates? whispered Mrs. Thompson.
Yes, I guess we have a hope after all, said Titto, laying back on the ground, grabbing the handful of mud and dropping it.
All we have to do, he grinned, is wait,
The rain poured down in the evening, it started to fill inside the cage. Titto hugged Melady to maintain the warmth. The soil eroded. The guard ran back to the hut to bring his raincoat. Seeing the mud flowing down from the log, Titto stood up and started digging the soil to loosen up the log. Mr. Thompson noticed it and helped him. The hands were plunged to the rocky soil, and spattered on the ground. After few minutes of desperate struggle, Titto tried to lift up the log, but it didnt move. The rain was shivering and the log was heavy. Mr. Thompson helped him and dug out the soil deeper.
Again, they pushed it but it didnt bulge; they panted and leaned against the muddy wall. Mrs. Thompson and Melady came and grabbed the log together. Their hands were touching the wet wood.
Ready? said Titto. And they nodded. Push! At once they pushed the log with all their strength and it tilted, the soil eroded. They panted and let go of the log.
Ok, one more! Push! shouted Titto. The log got lifted up from the ground. They breathed heavily.
Thats it, thats it, said Titto, lightly covering the soil on the top of the log for the guard not to notice.
Did it work? said Mr. Thompson.
Its weak enough, thats good, thats good, said Titto, shaking the log, chuckling. 
However, the guard didnt come back, it was taking too long. A moment later, they heard the gunshots and people were yelling. They thought it was the creatures, but it wasnt. It was a raid. 
They looked at each other with wearisome eyes. But as the gunshots became louder and intense, they quickly stood up and to lift up the log.
Now or never, PUSH! shouted Titto. They yelled and pushed it; it popped up from the ground. They moved the log to the side and fell on the ground. They created the gap large enough for them to get out. They were panting on the muddy ground and let out the exhilarant howls. 
As they were getting out from the cage, Titto glimpsed at Veron, who was sitting on the corner looking at them. Titto walked toward him and offered the hand. The cold rain soaked them and the thunder roared. Veron sniffed and grabbed his hand.
The battle was intense.
Kill them! Kill them all! bellowed Logan, angrily, shooting at the pirates. 
Captain Baldi gave a maddening laugh, grabbing his rum bottle and shooting the officers with his pistol. Titto and others moved quickly and ran through the trenches, heading toward the forest deep.
In the midst of chaos, one of the bullets hit Logan from the back. Bleeding from his chest, he puked blood. He was kneeling and his hand touching the cold ground. He fired at the pirate who shot him. Logan coughed and looked at the dark sky. The cold wind grasped him. Searing with pain, he saw from a distance that Titto, Veron and Thompson family were escaping. He aimed and fired at them. But it missed, they safely got away. One of the pirates swung the sword at Logan and cut his head. Logans head fell and dropped it on the ground.
They ran and ran, deep into the woods. Melady fell on the ground as the road was swampy. When the sound of battle died off, they slowed down. But on the way, Veron stopped on the spot and overcame with sorrow. He dropped on his knees and sobbed. Others stopped and looked at him with horror; he was suddenly bellowing and screaming. Veron was trembling on the ground. He suddenly got up, let out a derisive laugh and started running toward the other way. He spread his arm and stumbled on the way.
Come on, said Mr. Thompson, grabbing Tittos arm. Later they found one small cave. They went inside, shuddering from the coldness. Four steam of breathes fumed from their mouths.
They sat down and waited; no one pursued them. No sound was heard except the pouring rain.
Melady seemed to be in peace at last; she leaned to Titto, and fell asleep. The sight of her childish feature tortured his soul. She was only sixteen, but seen too many. He kissed her with pity. Sharp pain aroused from his arm. He just realized that one of the bullets hit him. But he too, felt safe now.
God save us, we are the broken people, said Titto, bracing her hair. His dried up sorrow cracked inside his heart. Slowly, they felt the darkest hours slowly passing away; the light is seen, slowly revealing itself.
Veron ran back to his base; the pirates were already gone, no soldiers were alive. Like a lunatic, he started hugging his dead comrades. He even bowed down to them, dragging their corpses and screaming loudly. And after a while, he started looking for Logan. After the maddening search, he eventually found the Logans head lying on the ground. He laughed nervously and fixed his gaze upon it.
Karl and Tyler, who happened to be near that location, went for the spoil as the gunshots died down. They approached and saw Veron crushing head on the rock, laughing. There were many corpses surrounding him. Tyler closed his eyes at the sight. 
Karl frowned and realized that it was Veron Komer; he walked toward him. Veron didnt notice anything. Karl cocked his pistol and shot him, the gun roared, the bullet went through his back. Veron gasped and tried to turn around. But before he did, Karl fired the second bullet which hit his head. He fell on the ground next to Logans head.
 lets go, muttered Karl, Tyler followed him.

Chapter 27
The Seed of Corruption

There were many fights, Ninas army had a plenty of spoils more than they could bear. However, the power was low on cloaking devices. Some of the soldiers were wounded but nothing severe. There were many groups of militants on the island, fighting for the throne. They made boundaries and claimed their territory. 
Ricky determined that the whole island was out of control and already passed the point of no return. As the three parts of the village are destroyed, he ordered everyone to move down to the underground bunker. He was to release the wave of creatures which were large enough to wipe the whole island.
Tim, who was leading Verons officers and having a war against the people in the Secret Rooms have lost the ground.  The mistake was that they were too greedy about the plantation that everyone in the island basically attacked them. And one of Verons officers betrayed them and revealed the room they were dwelling. The people living in the Secret Rooms all went there and killed all the officers. Tim died there. The one who betrayed the officers was expecting a reward but end up being killed as they were afraid that he might expose the location of the Secret Rooms. Verons regime was, finally, wiped off from the earth.
The cult slaves hid in a cave, frightened at the sight of the horrible war. The pirates were having a party, as they could get more resources from outside of the island.
Damiew was trying to find the hatch which leads to the tunnel, dodging from the stray bullets, guards or scouts. He moved swiftly, contacting with Dorothy constantly for the satellite pictures to avoid the big hostile group.
Ninas army almost arrived at the creek. Sarah stepped on the buttressed roots, hopping from it.
I feel nauseated, said Sarah.
Are you pregnant? said Michel.
No, said Sarah, frowning.
I saw Paul jerking off at your potatoes, maybe youll have his baby, said Michel, smiling. 
Sarah looked at Paul as if shes about to puke. Paul shook his head violently, denying their accusation. Sarah turned to Michel and flipped him off.
James seemed like he is never going speak to Alvin again. He was grumbling about the fact that he signed up for this army in the first place. He complained about Ninas ignorance and delay in many matters. James felt like the surrounding is slowly choking him. He was horrified about the uncertain future, that it is his fate to die in the wilderness. His back and neck were stiff from the rough journey.
Shut up or Ill vomit in your mouth, said Sarah to Michel, who was rambling again. Suddenly they stopped as Nina put up her hand to halt. She gestured everyone to stay low. Everyone crouched. Alvin came near Nina and looked around the vast forest. Stein sharpened his gaze and cocked his rifle. James had no clue what was going on, looking at their faces.
Did you sense it? said Nina.
How did they find us so fast? said Alvin.
Our ship, muttered Nina.
Uh huh, said Alvin, sitting down, leaning against the trees.
Whats happening, admiral? said one of the soldiers.
Snipers said Nina, drawing her weapon, looking at the sunlight reflection from the forest. Ninas eyes got sharpened.
Who are they anyway? grumbled Nina, glimpsing at the hills.
I dont know, muttered Alvin, leaning against the trees.  The formation is pretty good.
Yeah five of them are on the east side, said Nina.
Did they see our tracks and timed the distance? said Alvin. Or is this a coincidence?
Im not sure I dont see any base from here, so they have been waiting for somebody for sure. said Nina.
Well, thats that, we have a work to do, said Alvin. The west is empty.
If they were really waiting for us and know that we have a cloaking device, their infantry units are likely to be with the snipers and the west field is a mine field, said Nina.
Nice, said Alvin. Go straight then?
Yes, we will move further enough and attack them from the back. said Nina.
We have to wait, said Stein, Nina and Alvin looked at him. He was looking at the plain; there were several camouflaged soldiers on the edge of the plain.
If they sense the puddles spattering by themselves, they will open fire, said Stein, looking at the muddy plain on the bottom of the hill. Not to exclude the possibility that they have set up the booby trap there.
 We will go around the hill toward the west first, and then we will go toward them from there. said Nina. Step on the buttressed roots, not the soil, to avoid mines.
Yes maam, said Alvin, smiling.
Now Nina is leading us to the mine field! mumbled James, alone. What is she thinking? She said we are expected.
 I cannot die like this! shouted James in his head; he became impatient and was grumbling a lot. Michel and Sarah saw him with a suspicious glare, but remained silent.
Im the Captain of the legendary ghost army, Hrmph Hrmph! No one can touch! No no, I might die fighting, no, that Nina is a crazy bitch! Cant she see anything, that we have no hope on winning? James muttered under his breath, his face down to the ground, hissing.
Some of the soldiers were looking at James and thought he was going mad. When James looked up they pretend they werent looking. And James fixed his gaze at Sarah, who quickly dodged his eyes.
Yes, I cannot die like this said James, smiling.

Chapter 28
Karls greeting

Sharine was standing before the moonlight; she was fully recovered. She was disarmed but the guards were looking at her suspiciously and with caution. They seem to be afraid of her. She is much calmed down now. She felt as if the bad blood being sucked out. She was wearing Dianas clothes as her clothes became a rag; she wasnt even sure which hole was for the arm. Kevin is slowly recovering too; he is much healthy now, although leg was still healing.
She realized that she is not welcome here. Now that Gilbert was gone from the camp, they might attack her; she raised her alertness. Her body ached but she felt refreshed.
At the time Sharine didnt know Tasha, and took no interest in her. Tasha was holding the wooden tool which looked like a bowling pin. Tasha approached her.
What? hissed Sharine.
The wooden leg for your friend, said Tasha, put down the amber oak tree toward her. Sharine glimpsed at the wooden leg, not touching it.
I heard about you. You are that legendary assassin, muttered Tasha, her voice shook a little due to excitement. But Sharine ignored her, her hands on her hip, leaning against the tree.
I guess it is true what they talk about you, said Tasha, looking at her beauty, reflected under the moon.
Leave kid, hissed Sharine.
How did you escape? asked Tasha. Sharine frowned, as she did not yet heard about the news in Cassandra.
What do you mean? asked Sharine.
I mean... Cassandra, you are from there right? How did you escape? said Tasha.
I rode a ship, said Sharine. Tasha seemed to be confused at her comment.
Yeah but oh never mind, muttered Tasha, and slowly backed up.
 How did you know kid? inquired Sharine, curious. 
How. Did. You. Survive. In. Cassandra? asked Tasha again, slowly as if she is talking to some elderly person.
Your chief took my gun. But that doesnt mean anything to your safety, hissed Sharine.
 I mean, really few, almost none, escaped from Cassandra, said Tasha.
...What do you mean? Sharine stared at Tasha, examining her.
Oh, I see. You are here before it happened, said Tasha, raising her eyebrows. Sharine looked around the camp again; few guards were singing a song under the tent. One man was rolling the big wooden barrel. They seemed quirky enough to be in the island. 
She wondered whether Veron did the ethnic cleansing business.
 Quite probable Is this why this group came to the island? she thought.
Are you curious what happened in Cassandra? said Tasha, her eyes sparkling with excitement.
Yes, said Sharine, sulkily.
Fine, Ill tell you, said Tasha, clapping her hand, clearing the throat. I dont know whether this is good news for you or not, but Verons regime is gone.
There was a heavy silence. Sharine snorted and started laughing hard; but she stopped abruptly as her stomach pain aroused.
Shit, I feel like Im on a period, said Sharine, suffering in pain, spitting on the ground. So kid, who is this famous coup leader?
He destroyed himself, said Tasha.
Are you sure about your sanity kid? sneered Sharine.
I feel perfectly fine, thank you, said Tasha, twitching her lips.
Then why did you ran away if Veron destroyed himself? questioned Sharine. Were you dogs under Veron?
We are not, and we cant go back. You know, those things are lurking around right now. They were created under Verons command, whispered Tasha.
Sharine wasnt sure whether to trust her words, but it was easy to prove after talking to few refugees inside the camps. It explained why such group with women and children arrived in this dangerous place to begin with.
Well, Ms., it happened so fast for us too. So, you have arrived before this happened, is that right? said Tasha.
Sharine thought of the strange attack she had in the ghost ship operation. 
Yes, said Sharine. What is your name?
Tasha Caravel, said Tasha. Sharine blinked, nodding slowly. She offered the hand to Tasha.
Im Sharine Pestice. Didnt know Caravel had a daughter, chuckled Sharine, shaking hands with Tasha. So, if you excuse me, Ms. Caravel, I have to lie down a bit.
Sharine groaned and grabbed the wooden leg. She used it like a cane and walked back to her tent. Tasha grinned widely and went back to Diana too.
At the time, Karl was looking at the camp, examining it from a distance. He held his gun and aimed it toward the gate.
Karl was still quite drowsy. Tyler screamed at snake last night, waking him up twice. Also, Tyler was murmuring in his sleep, having a nightmare. 
Karl yawned and cocked the rifle. But in the next moment, he stopped and lowered his gun. He frowned at one of the guards, taking out his binocular and watching it closely. The huge smile appeared from his rigid face.
Wait here, said Karl, giving Tyler his rifle. Tyler looked at him, dumbfounded. 
Go up to the trees. If I signal by raising my arm, said Karl, waving his hand in the air. Then be alert. If I raise my arm second times, shoot whatever that is breathing near me.
Tyler looked frightened but nodded quickly. He started climbing up the trees next to him. Tyler wobbled but managed to get to the high ground; he grabbed the trunk of the tree and positioned himself. Karl glimpsed at him and pulled out his pistol. Sniffing, he walked toward the gate.
Jake was on his first duty today, shit-scared. He walked around anxiously; the other guard was dozing, leaning against the wooden fence. When Karl marched toward him Jake startled and aimed at him.
Dont aim that to me boy! shouted Karl, raspy in voice, aiming his pistol at the dozing guard. Jakes eyes became big, his hand quivered a little. 
Karl, Jake muttered. Amazed, but he did not put the gun down.
You got some hardworking watchman here eh? said Karl, looking at the dozing guard who just woke up. The guard startled and filled with horror, looking at Karl and Jake respectively.
Hes about to wet himself said Karl, chuckling. He turned to the guard and gazed at him threateningly. Dont do anything stupid.
Dont move, said Jake, aiming at Karls chest.
Really Jake, are you going to shoot the one who saved your life? grinned Karl.
Jake gulped, sweating from his neck.
Drop your gun, or Ill blow his head, growled Karl, cocking his pistol.
Not a smart move Karl, said Jake, glimpsing at the further trees to check whether there are snipers; he moved to the side, slowly, hoping to see the reflection of moonlight from their scopes.
What, are you trying to teach me now? Karl laughed.
You are outnumbered, snarled Jake.
Throughout my whole life, said Karl, grinning.
You are cannibal, my father told me, said Jake, snorting.
Really? And who that might be? said Karl, chuckling. As Jake stepped further, he saw the little flicker from the one of the trees; his sweat formed from his forehead.
Alvin Caravel, smiled Jake. Ha! You are no match for him.
Karl frowned at Jake, still fixing his gun to the man. He raised his left hand in the air.
One more move, Jake, and then those guys will blow your head, threatened Karl, glimpsing at the forest. Also, if you scream, they will blow your head.
Jake gulped, the other guard seemed like he peed in his pants.
Liar, said Jake, aiming at Karl.
Why dont you test it? snarled Karl.
What do you want? Food? growled Jake. Karl laughed aloud; he seemed not caring about the men hearing him.
Kid, lets say you dont know me at all chuckled Karl. Disappointing though, I thought Ive properly introduced myself to Caravel, his eyes glowed dangerously; Jake felt a chill from the back of his spine.
I just came for a truce. I presume you know that we have no way of surviving in this island unless we find Rickys underground bunker. said Karl, dropping his pistol on the ground. And it seemed foolish not to use some help from you rogues.
The bunch of men appeared from Jakes back, aiming at Karl. They slowly surrounded Karl.
Aye aye, I surrender, grinned Karl, the man hit his head with a butt of the rifle, he fell on the ground. They took him to the camp.

Chapter 29
Many Rooms

Ninas army safely went around the west hill. They surely hoped there were no creatures lurking around the region; otherwise theyll have to give up their position. The night was deep and they were still long way from the enemies. Plus, they were near the pond. So they decided to stay there for a few hours. 
Sarah said to Michel that she is going to wash. She couldnt rest as her whole body was itchy. She went to the pond and stared at the water. It looked muddy but it wasnt a time to complain. She took off the clothes and touched the water.
James looked at Sarah from a distance. He looked at her and the urge inside him burned. James approached her without much of a thought. But as the bush rumbled, Sarah pulled out the gun and shot at it.
Stop! Stop! bellowed James, waving his hand in the air, Sarah, who was still naked, stopped shooting.
Pardon me, Captain, said Sarah, coldly. James was examining his own body to see whether he was hit.
You are one wild girl, Sarah Johnson, said James, with a nervous laugh. Sarah glimpsed at him reproachfully, got out of the pond and started drying her body with a towel. She grabbed her long hair and made a pony tail behind.
Hey umm You know Sarah, I was the one who hired you, because I like you, said James, staring at her body.
Im sorry Captain, you are being an asshole, said Sarah, putting her clothes on. You are not my type.
Oh I like it, said James, almost comically. Sarah scoffed and started laughing. Jamess face got distorted at her reaction.
Go away, Captain, Ive got a gun, and you dont, said Sarah, shooing him off with her pistol.  Now why do I sound like Nina...?
Oh... Sarah, I dont think you can resist my charm, said James, winking, making a weird cute face. Sarah tried to prevent the finger from moving further in. She gave him a sickened look.
What is that attitude? Eh? Ive heard what youve done in the past. Ha! I shouldve have known, no sane mind ever comes under Nina Polchinskis command, growled James. Sarah face got rigid.
And why did you come then? said Sarah, putting on her pants with her one arm.
 I was so hungry grinned James. See... I was the Captain of most notorious army in this world. Its your fault that Ive lost the position! Im Im going to get it back, lieutenant.
Sarah stepped back, clutching the pistol. Suddenly the bush rumbled and Michel appeared. 
Oh, said Michel, with a dumbfounded look, lowering his gun. Sorry Captain, I heard the gunshot.
It was a rat, snapped Sarah. She grabbed her stuff and went near Michel. James looked reproached. 
Oh, said Michel. Sarah grabbed Michels arm and headed back to the division.
James, furious and humiliated, just looked at them loathsomely, wanting to kill them. 
Few hours later, Ninas army activated the cloaking device and hopped toward the hill where the snipers were hiding. They were looking at the small number of militants there.
This sugarless phenomenon is driving me nuts, murmured Nina. 
Not so brave without the machines huh? smiled Alvin.
Look whos talking, said Nina.
It is hot enough now. Dont bother, we still have time until night, said Alvin.
 Are they moving, Alvin? said Nina, hiding behind the trees.
Still as rock, eight snipers, and some militants and said Alvin. Dogs, the real ones,
Sneak from the back and put the grenade in the hole, said Nina.
No, snapped Alvin.
Why not? hissed Nina.
Possible booby traps, and wont the dogs bark? said Alvin.
You want to shoot them all? said Nina.
Much safer, said Alvin, taking out his machine gun.
All right all right. Lets go, said Nina and raised her gun. The others did the same.
It was an easy kill; the enemy didnt even know what to do when they opened fire. They were exterminated. Nina looked around; seeing that no one is alive, she deactivated the cloaking device. Then rest of the army closely examined the corpses. They were going through the corpses but nothing valuable came out. Paul frowned at the corpses and went around and around. Sensing something fishy, Paul walked toward Nina.
Uhh admiral? Captain? said Paul.
What is it Sergeant? said Nina, taking the sniper rifle from the ground and strapping it over her shoulder.
These snipers, they are all women, said Paul. Nina frowned and looked around. Nina went up to one of them and closely examined her, looking for the tattoos of sort; but she was clean, there were nothing on her.
Search the others, said Nina.
Yes admiral, said Paul and the few. They started searching them again, but found nothing either. Stein stared closely at one of the snipers, slightly touching their cheek. The face looked familiar from the past.
What is it? he tried to remember. Inside the memory Stein was in the small office, the three people were dead on the floor; the cards and money were scattered on the table and the floor. There were group of women cackling inside the bar, standing beside the corpses. The people at the bar hid under the table, frozen and scared; they stared at those fiendish looks. 
Stein gushed back to reality, felt a chill from his back. He stood up and looked at Alvin wearily.
Its the Assassins Chamber, said Stein. After those words hit their eardrums, they fell into a silence. Michel dropped the corpse he was holding; it hit the head on the rock, making a squishy sound. No one spoke for a couple of minutes.
Move quickly, said Nina.
Nina, if it is really the Assassins Chamber said Alvin.
Alvin, we need your army! said Nina.
Admiral, pardon me, but I dont think it is wise to move right now murmured James, interrupting her.
Why? said Nina, frowning.
Well, we have a cloaking device and they, well dont have these headgears murmured James.
James, said Nina.
Yes, admiral, said James.
Do you doubt my judgment? sneered Nina.
No, admiral, said James, sheepishly.
Obey, James, for your sake, said Nina. She turned to the soldiers. James zipped his mouth, coughing.
Drop the load, we have to move fast, said Nina to Alvin.
Ok, muttered Alvin. Everyone drop the unnecessary luggage and run!
They started running toward the creek. But the situation was bad. After the Assassins Chamber heard the gunshot, they surrounded the area. When they ran for while, the booby traps exploded in the woods; two men became pieces. Bullets and rockets showered at the spot. As they went down the hill, Nina sensed that the booby traps were depicting an inverted shape like a fish trap. Among the woods, there were also an iron wires blocking the way.
Run run! shouted Nina, going forward. The enemy pursued them from their back. Rockets and grenades flew. The bark of the trees float in the air, the rock cracked open and the soil started rumbling.
Now, hide hide, whatever you are. hissed the assassin, looking at the turmoil right in front of her Just a little more, fall down to the pit. She pulled the trigger; the grenade launched and hit the trees nearby James.
James had a heavy blow on his upper body, the cloaking device broke; his whole chest felt like the fire went through; it started bleeding uncontrollably. He felt cold, his strength fused out from his body.
I muttered James. Instantly, several bullets hit him; they pierced through his leg and stomach. He dropped dead.
Ninas army opened fire at the enemies but they were well hidden, they couldnt move fast due to booby traps. Alvin caught something on his foot and rolled on the ground. The cloaking device got damaged and part of his body got exposed.
Alvin! shouted Nina. She ran up to him and covered him so the assassins cannot see. They silenced for a while, laying flat on the ground. Alvin groaned and looked around to see what tripped him off. He saw the black hatch handle on the ground.
Tunnel, said Alvin. 
What? hissed Nina. Shut up!
Tunnel! shouted Alvin.
Nina glanced above and saw the hatch door also; it was half covered in dry leaves. She crawled toward it and pulled the hatch open. Nina pushed Alvin into the tunnel and pushed the emergency button on her walky-talky, calling everyone. 
She covered the open hatch door with her body so it doesnt look notable from afar. She pressed the button again, all the walky-talky let out the high pitched sound. The soldiers noticed and turned back. The head gear they were wearing showed the location of Nina. They went near her and jumped into the hole.
She saw the leaves flying in the air. Many men were entering the hatch, some of them fallen from the distance. Nina then saw the flare from a distance; the rocket flew toward her. She jerked and quickly dropped to the hole pulling the hatch door. It banged shut; the blast vibrated the door. Nina twisted the handle and it locked. There were heavy breathing and groaning inside.
Urrgh, said Nina, catching breath. Stein went to her and sighed with relief.
Are you alive, Paul? said Sarah, giving hand to Paul who just rolled on the stair.
Yeah, said Paul.
Will you move? groaned Michel, pushing Paul who was sitting on his body.
They all deactivated the cloaking device. Paul hit the flare to light up the area. Many of them were injured badly. They treated each other using an emergency kit. They rested for awhile.
Inside the tunnel, the rotten stench was coming up from below. The orange and yellow funguses were growing on the wall. The water was dropping from above. It was dark and cold.
The hatch door was making a ticking noise and the handle was slowly turning by itself. Nina realized that its only going to stay locked for a while. Few explosions were heard from above. The metal door vibrated but remained bolted shut.
Check this out said Michel lighting the hatch door. There is something here.
Michel saw there was one phrase written on the corroded surface. The light flickered as his hand was unstable. It was paved on the metal surface,
There are many rooms, but do not enter. There is only one way.
Riddles murmured Michel. I hate riddles.
What is it? said Nina, coming near. Sarah came along too.
Any luck Nina? said Sarah, approaching from behind.
Nope, said Nina.
Nina took out the flare from her pocket. She removed the cap and struck the end. It sprayed the fire. She frowned at the blinding light and went to the handrail. Looking down at the dark space below, she dropped the flare. It dropped further down, lighting the surrounding. They saw a massive structure of stairs and various black metal doors. A moment later, a light tapping sound echoed inside the tunnel; it hit the bottom.
This is huge said Alvin, looking at the flare down below. Their eyes were filled with awes and wonder.
Suddenly, they heard squealing and the next moment, the flare was gone. They startled and clutched their weapons. They saw a couple of creatures climbing on the metal frame. Alvin pulled his machine gun and shot at the creatures; they shrieked and fell into the darkness.
Do you think there is a breeding ground down here? Captain? said Sarah. Alvin sniffed and rubbed his nose.
I dont know lieutenant. But we cant stay here too long, muttered Alvin.
We dont want them to snipe us either said Nina glimpsing at the hatch door. Lets move and find another exit shall we?
I got two rounds left, muttered Alvin, handing her the clip. They walked, not knowing where they are going, but moving far enough to get away from the assassins.
So are we having a tour? murmured Michel to Sarah.
Yeah, said Sarah, looking at the rustic doors on the side. You want to knock one of them?
This reminds me a bad memory said Paul, remembering the sewage trip he had in Cassandra.
They walked for a while, the flame slowly died out. Nina felt some kind of bitterness in her heart, which she didnt know exactly what it was. The wound in her heart, that was lost in the storm, slowly loomed inside. She tried so hard not to remember, but she failed to do so. 
After Verons raid, she was afraid of going sleep. She still remembers her grumpy grandfather watching television from his rocking chair. Alvin used to take care of her at the time, young, immature and more childish than now. He comforted her when she was scared and felt miserable. Many things happened after that. They tried to gather the scattered army in Cassandra and put it under the flag. She still remembers what he said when she became an admiral.
In my life and death, said Alvin, grinning. I will protect you till the end.
Was it love? thought Nina. Or was it not?
Perhaps she will never find out.
They walked for hours, and they stopped at one hatch above them. She went up and opened the hatch; she looked around using her binocular. Glimpsing at the starry sky, she went down the stair. The breeze came in, the smell of fresh grass traveled through the wind.
Alvin? said Nina.
Yes? said Alvin.
We have to say bye, she said sadly.
 What are you talking about? said Alvin, frowning.
Too much noise, said Nina. The position is near. Wait until dark; it is one day away, go to north.
Where can I find you then? asked Alvin. Nina looked away bitterly.
Nina? said Alvin.
I Ill find you. said Nina, her voice trembling. Go back to the base near shore. Hopefully Captain Nottingham held the base.
...
 And now get your wife, go, said Nina.
Alvin stared at Nina, slowly shaking. 
She is trying to find Ricky, thought Alvin. She knows that it is the only way.
There is nothing he could do at this stage. Alvin put on the headgear and strapped his rifle. He went near the hatch and touched the cold metal ladder.
May the Lord keep you, said Alvin. It was an honor, Nina Polchinski.
Alvin activated the cloaking device and went up to the hatch. Nina nodded, the tear came down. The hatch got closed.
 Take care, she whispered.

Chapter 30
The Reunion

Karl was tied up in the pillar and Sharine walked near. They both recognized each other. Sharine smirked, as she was amused to see Karl in this unexpected place. They didnt tie up Tyler but kept a close watch on him. Tasha and Jake came along with Sharine.
Karl is known in Cassandra for the incident that happened in the farm in a rural area. The children were disappearing in the farm at that time and later the farmers spotted Karl in the barn, when he was holding the headless corpse of the baby.
 However, Karl wasnt the one who killed the baby, although he never really tried to prove his innocence. It was the creature who attacked the girl who was babysitting the baby. The creature devoured the girl and ripped out the head of the baby. At the time, Karl was investigating the mysterious attacks that were happening inside the country. 
Nevertheless, everyone in the camp thought Karl was a sick psycho. Sharine was interested in what Karl has to say about Verons fall. She knew that he didnt partake in Verons oppression and had many connections with mercenaries.
 Yes, I worked independently from Veron, said Karl to Sharine. He even tried to kill me, not because I was against the regime, but because he got freaked out about my methods I use for my work.
Yes, said Sharine, laughing. I heard. 
Aye, its a shame we havent met in Cassandra. grinned Karl. I thought assassin business was bit bitchy.
Oh? said Sharine, charmingly. Id say you are very lucky I havent seen you there.
Maybe, shrugged Karl. Well, past is past.  Didnt we all, spend our times in that young mens playground?
No regrets said Sharine. Have done what has to be done.
Karl laughed aloud; the guards stared at Sharine and Karl suspiciously.
It is quite a pleasure finally meeting you, Sharine Pestice, said Karl, his eyes blazing.
I know you are in a trafficking business, said Sharine. Its a shame that you didnt die.
And I know most of you assassins just stand there and watch, when those six, seven-years-old meet their fate, chuckled Karl.
Sharine silenced in pain, trying not to think of the memory back in Cassandra, those young corpses in the rustic garbage trucks.
See you cant really blame Veron, he is just a slave making bitch, who didnt know which way is up, sneered Karl. Tyler and Jake seemed to be horrified by the conversation. See, they say infants are not humans. What Veron did with Alices Experiment, was for the humanity
You are lunatic, snapped Sharine, crossing her arms.
Am I? Ms. Pestice? sniggered Karl. Well, the good news is, Veron is dead.
There was a silence, Sharine frowned at Karl. He just snickered, looking down at the muddy ground. Tasha and Jake exchanged their looks.
 How do you know? frowned Sharine.
I shot him, grinned Karl. Two days ago.
I have nothing to do with Veron; he was Ms. Polchinskis case, said Sharine, coldly. 
See, assassin? I was right about you didnt I? said Karl.
Think again, said Sharine, coldly, disgusted at him.
I will, Karl chuckled. By the way I thought you were dead in that ship.
I managed to survive. Werent you shot by Caravel? said Sharine, smirking. Jake gasped, Tasha twitched his belly.
When I tried to dig up the files for Nina Polchinski, Ive set up a trap for Caravel. I think that made him upset. The bullet went through my chest, about half an inch from my heart, said Karl. Sharine laughed.
I think we both have some issues with Nina Polchinski, arent we? said Sharine. She turned around and walked away from him.
She head toward her tent. Tasha followed, grabbing Jakes hand.
Oh oh bye Mr. murmured Jake and dragged by Tasha.
Karl snorted and struggled to move his arm, getting the sore from it. They have tied him up too hard.
Who is she, sir? said Tyler, seeing them leave, astonished at Sharines beauty.
She is the headmistress in the Assassins Chamber, said Karl. At age fifteen, she killed fifteen gang members with a nail from a steel shop. When the police spotted her, she was all covered in blood, standing on the pile of corpses.
Tasha and Jake were tagging along Sharine, asking question.
What did he do, Sharine? asked Tasha to Sharine. You know back in the day.
You really dont want to know, murmured Sharine, bitterly.
Perhaps I am said Sharine, breathing deeply. Sick of this.
 She walked, leaving Tasha and Jake, and entered the tent where Kevin was still being treated.
She was looking at Kevin, breathing softly. He looked a lot better now. Sharine walked toward him, sat down by his side. She looked into his eyes.
Hi, said Kevin.
Hi, replied Sharine, touching his cheek.
How are you? said Kevin.
Discouraged and feeling cornered. said Sharine, smiling weakly. But somehow Im at Gods mercy, or the curse. The works which I dont understand, nor do I claim to know. So my beloved, I dont know much, set me as a seal over your heart, as a seal upon your arm, for love is as strong as death, passionate love unrelenting as the grave. Its darts are darts of fire, divine flame.

After Alvin left, Ninas army went down the stair and found the mine carts. They pulled some of them from the side and connected it to the one that was on the track. The creatures attacked them. They fired at them, the roar of machine gun echoed in the third storage below. They tried to get out by riding the cart but more creatures gushed out to them. The army moved slowly, using the cart as a shield, throwing grenades. Their ammos were running low, and they were out of grenades.  Nina just pulled the lever down and advanced in full speed; it smashed through the pack of creatures. They used their gurka swords to slash the creatures. But soon they were overwhelmed, the carts had to stop.
Hold the ground! bellowed Sarah, standing back to back with Michel.
There are many rooms but do not enter, murmured Nina, pulling the trigger to the creatures jumping toward them. It hit the cart and squealed. The screaming and yelling filled the space. The army formed the circle and fought. That was a time when she realized that there were manholes on the side. She realized what the riddle meant.
Nina got out of the cart hurriedly and gushed to the manhole. She lifted up the lid and looked down to the darkness.  The cold air gushed toward her. They were completely surrounded. At the moment, Sarahs eyes met Nina. Nina smiled weakly and closed her eyes.
Help us whispered Nina and she dropped into the darkness.
Nina! shouted Sarah and followed her. Michel and Paul looked at each other and went in too. Stein looked at them and shouted the men to get into the hole. The creatures ran toward them, they all dropped into the darkness.

Moonlight was dim. Among the woods, Alvin turned, sweating, and shot at the dark. There was a howling sound and hurried steps. He used up all the bullets, he took out his knife; it flashed against the moonlight. But he didnt thought he could take all of them, so he just ran as fast as they can. The cloaking device deactivated as the power ran out completely.
Alvin panted and stopped to catch a breath. Seeing that he is no longer being pursued, he walked for hours and hours. He had no idea where he was, he merely looked at the compass. But he knew he was very near, the terrain was getting rocky. He was very tired, his leg trembling. Alvin took a rest on the spot, almost collapsing down. 
Next day, the dawn came and he realized he was at the creek. The magnificent landscape filled the view.
He looked around with the binocular, but there was no sign of the Gilbert and refugees. The creek was deep and vast. For few days, he searched the area. He captured the fish from the stream to eat. But no one was here, the area was completely deserted.
Was he too late? Or did they meet the Assassins Chamber? he thought. 
All the worries were swimming inside his head, but he was too tired to think. He lost his senses and fell asleep under the tree. A moment later, he almost screamed. Someone jumped down from the tree right next to his face. One man pointed the gun at him. Alvin stared at him, but the man didnt shoot. Instead the man lowered his gun and few other men came out from the woods.
Always careless, said Gilbert, smiling. Thats my pee spot.
 Alvin smiled in relief; he grabbed Gilberts hand and Gilbert lifted him up.
Good to see you my friend, said Alvin.
You look extremely awful, grinned Gilbert.
Hows Diana? asked Alvin.
Oh, shes getting used to eating food with her fingers, said Gilbert, chuckling. By the way, next time, be more specific about the location.
I sorry, said Alvin.
Yes, shame on you. All my scouts spent time looking for your ass and I came later and still couldnt find you, said Gilbert.

Diana was sitting in the chair, hearing the song coming from somewhere in the camp. She didnt quite hear the lyrics but she could sense that it was a love song. Also she heard occasional clapping and some men shouting from a distance. It was a peaceful.
Diana, closing her eyes, enjoyed the cool evening breeze. Nancy went to the pond to wash Tasha who refused to take a bath for three days. Diana didnt like that sympathetic look of Nancy toward her. Nancy seemed to be thinking that, (although she didnt say aloud) either Alvin got himself into more trouble or dead. This made Diana sad.
Tasha and Diana were getting along fine now. Tasha seemed like she was having too much fun in the camp. First the legendary assassin popped out from nowhere and now there was a cannibal tied up in the middle of the camp. Tasha hopped around as if it is her birthday.
Diana just wanted to listen to the cozy song. She just sat down and smiled.
She heard the tent opening up. So she glimpsed at it, thinking that it was Nancy; and she silenced, just staring at the person who just entered. Alvin was standing there, scratching his head.
Alvin had a hard time realizing she is real. The pain swept around his heart and his breathing became much slower. 
Urr Umm he said. Diana suddenly stood up, blushing and started throwing stuff at Alvin.
Honey, uhh, honey? muttered Alvin, ducking. He got hit in the face and crouched on the ground. Diana broke and started sobbing. Alvin approached her and she started slapping him. He tried to stop her but she slapped anyway, screaming. He held her and pushed her against the table. She grabbed his head and kissed him.
There was a feast at that night, not only the initial squad survived, but also theyve successfully have made a wine from the berries. Alvin didnt tell them about what happened to Nina. He didnt want to spoil their cheerful mood. Gilbert sensed that the situation was not good but silenced on the matter too. They made a drum out of the skin of the animals.
They gathered the woods in the middle of the camp and set it on fire, the flame rose and the orange warmth spread. People gathered and roasted the meats and biscuits.
Whooa! How did you made this? said Alvin, gulping down the berry wine. Gilbert was sleeping on the ground, snoring. Well Gilbert enjoyed too much, 
Good good huh? said one of them.
 Well, we prepared some dishes that go along with the drink, said them, offering the various unknown vegetable dishes theyve made. It all looked gross and weird. Alvin picked one of the red plants and bit it.
This looks not bad actually said Alvin, taking a bite; the men there wanted to find out whether it is poisonous.
Nope, no way, said Alvin, frowning, spitting out.
Are you alright? Are you feeling alright? muttered one of them, giving out the yellow plants to him. Again, Alvin bit it and frowned.
No, I dont think this is alright, said Alvin, feeling his tongue hardening. He took another gulp of berry wine, hiccupping.
Well, how about this? Is this alright? said another, with a little disappointed look. But he turned into a bright face quickly when he handed Alvin a big purple plant with a yellow stripes.
 I will tell you what, said Alvin, cracking his fists. Lets try whether this is poisonous.
There were shouting and yelling among them. Alvin threw one of them on the table knocked him on the ground. But soon, Diana came and dragged Alvin out from the fight, pinching his ears. Alvin was screaming all the way to the tent.
They seemed to be in such a good mood that they gave Karl a wine and meat; Tyler was feeding him. Karl, red faced, ripped the huge deer leg out of Tylers hand and swallowed it. The town girls were dancing around the fire. Catherine was tied up in the camp somewhere, burning with rage, as she tried to shoot Sharine during the party. 
Jake wasnt feeling good; he swallowed the weird plant which Tasha gave him and felt sick, vomiting all over. Nancy thought Jake was drunk; she took him to her tent and grounded him there.
Sharine was just giggling and hugging Kevin on the grass with the wine bottle, pulling his wooden leg and playing it around. 
You are a creep now! Sharine giggled. 
The guitar guy, who was playing since the early in the evening, sang a love song near them. Later in that night, it started pouring cats and dogs but no one bothered to go into the tents.
No no, you are my mermaid, said Sharine, drunk, touching Kevins lip with her finger.
Am I? said Kevin.
 Yes, now flap your fin for me, said Sharine, smiling. Kevin merely looked her in the eyes; he was completely captivated by her. The rain fell from the sky soaking their bodies. Sharine looked at him silently, she looked extremely beautiful.
I love you, said Kevin. Sharine seemed little surprised, but kissed him in the next moment.

Chapter 31
The Scandal

Protter went home after a meeting with the newspaper reviewer, Mr. Collins. The yellow leaves were piled up on the pavement, some carried by a cold wind. He strolled slowly into his garage. The bicycles passed by him. Protter was on the phone with the Mr. Collins, disputing about the recent hot topic in Cassandra.
Yes, yes, hold on a moment, yes, muttered Protter, entering the house while on the phone. He threw the key on the shelves and walked in. Mary, his wife, was sipping coffee. There were chocolates on the dish. 
End of this month yes, of course. Alright, thank you very much sir, said Protter; he put down his phone on the table. Mary was looking at him rather curiously.
Hello dear, said Protter.
Who is it? smiled Mary.
Its Mr. Collins, said Protter, sitting down on the chair. He reached for the coffee Mary was drinking and gulped it like water. They are going to publicly humiliate Nina.
That is stupid, muttered Mary, picking up the chocolate and melting it in her mouth.
If they make a hero out of Nina, they think it would encourage the action of coup. They are trying to protect the current government in Cassandra. said Protter.
Cant they say Nina was struggling under the dictatorship? said Mary.
Most of them believe that is the case, but still they are going to treat her as a rebel. It is easier that way, treating her as some fool who caused nothing but troubles, said Protter.
Uh huh, I got it now; its about those creatures that got out. They want to say that Nina was behind this arent they? If anyone inside this nation was earning some profit from Veron, it is the ideal way to remove the connections. Blame the girl, who is crazy enough to destroy the whole country for her petty freedom. said Mary, sarcastically.
Yes, yes, that is the case. So please, lets keep our hands off this matter, muttered Protter, sipping coffee, and shuddered a little at the taste. Bit dark and bitter today.
Well, you cant just sit around here and let this happen do you? said Mary, angrily.
There is not much I can do about it, mumbled Protter. Please keep it quiet on this matter; Ive heard all the associates with Alices Experiment are dead.
Dead? said Mary, frowning.
One shot in the forehead, four shots on the chest, said Protter.
Oh you think if we talk, they are going to kill us too? said Mary.
I didnt say that, and they are not going to kill us, said Protter.
Then why? murmured Mary.
Because if we blabber about it, they are going to show the evidence that shows Ninas involvement, said Protter.
Involvement? asked Mary, blinking her eyes, rapidly. What involvement?
Press thinks some mad scientist named Gerald Danver created these creatures. But actually it was made from Simard Polchinski, Ninas grandfather, muttered Protter. There is some link between Alice and Simard that indicates more than mere teacher-student relationship. 
Are you thinking what Im thinking? Mary frowned.
Well, thats that. The thing is that the man who put Alices method into a practice was Simard Polchinski. Danver merely helped alongside him, said Protter.

So when if the press talks about how Gerald Danver stole Simards work, then the situation becomes very bad for Nina Polchinski. People will probably accuse her for creating the creatures said Protter.
But Veron Komer killed Simard Polchinski, said Mary.
Its not clear the raid at the time was executed by Veron. The only witness is Nina Polchinski herself, said Protter.

Im afraid our friends are quite clever, muttered Protter, realized that coffee was gone. More coffee please?
 Do you think we should inform Nina Polchinski about this? said Mary, grabbing the empty mug.
I dont know how, and that too wont be good, said Protter.
But shes quite clever too! She destroyed Verons regime at the age of twenty four! shouted Mary.
Yes, shes a military genius, highly unstable, does the schizophrenic reasoning. But she is dumbest-you-can-be in the political arena, she might even try to kill us, said Protter.
 That poor kid, murmured Mary, fumbling the mug. Protter nodded.
Oh yes I almost forgot, your assistant called today, said Mary. I was distracted in the morning because someone gave a huge scratch on our car.
Well, probably that someone was pretty mad at us, because we threw the pie and the alarm clock on his car, muttered Protter, flatly.
Such a child, grunted Mary, shaking her head.
Well, by the way, what did Dorothy say? asked Protter.
From Damiew, about the immediate evac, said Mary.
I cant do immediate evac said Protter. Too many eyes I can only provide a runaway vessel.
A vessel? inquired Mary. 
I contacted the pirates around the region. They said they would take the job, said Protter. Why did he ask for the evac? He should be focusing on his task.
Ask your assistant; Ive got no clue, said Mary and smirked at Protter. But, WOO, pirates, I didnt know my husband is an outlaw.
They took our retirement money smiled Protter.

Chapter 32
The Underground Bunker

AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! bellowed Michel and Paul while falling. They fell into the water.
They were splashing and coughing. Soon, the laughter and howl echoed. 
Were alive! shouted them.
They looked around with a flashlight. Seeing the ladder in the middle, they swam there and climbed up the ladder. 
When they went up, they saw several mine carts there. They all rode it and it lurched into motion. Moving into the tunnel, the carts galloped. It moved very fast, going up and down and turning around. It continued until everyones stomachs were upside down. Then suddenly, it swooped down to the underground. They screamed, gripping the handle of the carts. And then it gradually slowed down.
When the cart stopped, they were in front of the huge metal door. Paul and Sarah were puking on Michels shirt. Stein was lying down. After a half an hour later, the soldiers begin to get out of the carts and came up to the huge metal door, examining it. Few lights were on, but they had no idea how to enter this huge massive gate.
There are some cameras, said Sarah, glimpsing at the corner of the cave, the red light was beeping. Nina was vomiting, kneeling on the ground.
Suddenly there was a rumbling sound and the thick gates started opening. Several men came out with the guns.
Drop all your weapons! Put your hands on your head! said the man in charge. And Nina and others did so and they entered the bunker.
Inside the bunker, the villagers were here. Ricky was inside the commanding room and was in the middle of the heated discussion about what to do with the island.
Of course we are going to release the creatures! What are you, insane? Are you trying to starve us to death? shouted one man.
But if we release it how are we going to deal with the mess? Do you think we would be left unnoticed, after all these events? They will think that it is us who are responsible for the genocide in Cassandra! bellowed the other who were sitting next to Ricky.
All right! Alright thats enough! yelled one short man, ringing the bell on the table. It is a lunch time! Gentleman, we will continue this later!
The men at the meeting murmured and grumbled with each other. The wave of people went out from the commanding room. Ricky, exhausted in the room, rubbed his throbbing head and drank a glass of water. One of the officers walked into the commanding room and stood in front of Ricky.
Sir, we have the intruders, said the officer.
Intruders? said Ricky.
Yes sir, they were standing in front of the bunker, answered the officer.
Pirates? said Ricky, gulping down the water.
Its Nina Polchinski sir, said the officer. Ricky jerked and fumed the water out.
Polchinski? said Ricky, coughing.
Yes sir, said the officer.
Ricky blinked at the officer. He cleared his throat and stood up from the chair, grunting.
 Bring her to my room, said Ricky, wiping his mouth.

The bunker was humongous. It had a round ceiling with few ventilators. Underneath, there were various rooms where people spread the laundries on their balconies. There were kids running around and the guards were patrolling. Some of the men were handling the logistics. There were many tunnels leading to the outside. Few people were moving in and out of various tunnels, using the mine carts. There were three elevators in the bunker.
The guards put Ninas soldiers in the bathtub and released the water hose to them. It was almost a month since the last time they took a shower; the stained sweat and thickened blood fell off from them. After cleaning, they gave out the white shirts and jeans for them to wear. They felt extremely drowsy. When the guards took them to the lodging area and left them there, they fell asleep without much of a thought.
Few hours later they came in and took Nina while others were at sleep. Nina entered the elevator. The guard pushed the button and it rumbled. They went down deeply to the underground. When they arrived, they started walking through the corridor, passing couple of doors.
Nina saw the open door from a distance. They walked toward it and went inside. The room was round and oval. It had a warm, cozy atmosphere. Yellow light was looming from the lamp and there were a lot of books on the shelves. There were three girls and one old man in the room. The old man whispered something to the girls and they went out with the guards. 
Nina was standing on the doorway. The old man seemed like he was about to leap around. His eyes were beaming with excitement upon seeing her.
Have a seat, he said kindly. Nina plopped down at the seat. Her arm just hung from her shoulder like a noodles due to fatigue.
Nina Polchinski said he. Nina was now tired of people making that stupid expression. 
Yeah yeah, she thought.
Ricky gave her some cake on the table. Nina glimpsed at it and took a huge bite, munching it. She felt good as she tasted the sugar again.
Must be hard to adopt three children, said Nina. Her stomach growled so she took another bite at the cake. There was a picture of girls on the table, two of them were laughing and one was crying.
Well, Laura is trying to become a vegetarian. said Ricky, pointing at the picture. She, Elizabeth, loves animals, especially squirrel. This one doesnt clean the room.
I should thank you for your help, said Nina.
Youre welcome, said Ricky, leaning back on his chair.
May I ask where am I? said Nina.
You are in the one of the safest place you can find on this earth, smiled Ricky. My name is Ricky Guido; I built this place many years ago.
Nina gulped at the name and surged with the relief.
Ms. Polchinski, many things are to be discussed while you are here. said Ricky. Pardon me for bring you here in such a hurry, but I needed to see with my own eyes. You see, we have many enemies

My men will escort you back to the lodging area, said Ricky and pushed the button on the table.
Nina felt weird when the guard walked her back to the lodging area. After the days and days of turmoil and life-threatening situation, she finally became free from the oppression and from the pursuers who wanted to kill her. 
She was on the main floor again,  She now saw her soldiers. Sarah, Michel and Paul were waving at her. She ran and hugged them.
Dont call me admiral anymore, said Nina.

Chapter 33
Rachel

Nina dreamed about her childhood. She crashed the window and grabbed the loaf of bread begin to run. There were angry shouting, gun shots and screaming. Nina went into the crowds, gasped for an air.
She rushed inside some fish shop, sprang in the air and went over the counter. The owner, who was slicing a fish, looked shocked. She, rubbing her back, got up quickly and gushed toward the owner. 
You got a gun? Do you have a gun! said the girl, desperately grabbing his collar. The owner frowned and pushed her. She fell on the ground. 
Who are you? said the owner, curling his bushy mouth. What are you doing in my
At that time the gun roared, and blasted the vase on the counter. The owner bellowed in anger and ducked, laying flat on the floor. She looked around and saw the gun handle next to the safe. She crawled there and grabbed the gun slowly.
Come out you snitch! said the man who just entered the fish shop. He pulled the trigger again; the picture on the wall crashed and fell.
Nina clutched the shotgun and checked the barrel. It was loaded. The owner looked blue. Nina glimpsed at him, reached toward his pocket and took out the cigarette. She, smiling, tapped his dumbfounded face. The man was slowly walking toward them; he pulled the trigger again, hitting the cashing machine. It rang loudly and became pieces.
Her heart pounded fast. She quickly lighted up the cigarette, made a deep swallow and cocked the gun. 
Suddenly she blacked out, the sceneries changed in her dream. She was now on the cold, dark and rusty room, looking at one woman who was in chain. The woman looked like shes from some lunatic asylum; her hair was messed up, clothes torn apart and there were many scars on her wrist. Nina too was tied on the floor.
One man entered the room and sniggered. He was carrying a bat, he walked toward the woman. He first shouted at her to answer his question. When the woman started shrieking and shaking her head, he started beating her up. Nina was screaming at him to stop, but she couldnt move. The searing pain burned in her heart, pumping blood. The man leered at Nina, walked toward her and kicked her stomach. She groaned in pain. 
Laughing, the man went back to the woman and started bashing her feet. The awful screaming continued. After a while, the man looked bored. He snorted and grabbed the womans hair and gazed at her bruised face.
Come on, laugh, the world doesnt know you exist, said he. And he backed up a little, raised a bat and swung it straight down. Nina heard the neck crack. Like a slow motion the woman fell down with a chair.
Nina started screaming and wailing. Her eyes her eyes stared at a blank space.
She woke up, gasping for breath. She grabbed her forehead. She realized she was still inside Rickys bunker. Her soldiers were still sleeping, majority were snoring very loud. Nina looked around and saw Stein, Michel, Paul and Sarah next to her.
Steins face was finally eased from the rigid form. Nina smiled at him and lay back on the bed again, staring at the ceiling. 

Next day, after breakfast, Nina went to see Ricky. Ricky was just getting out from the conference room after a fierce debate on whether or not they release the creatures.
Refugees? Rescue mission? said Ricky, amazed. You mean you want to go out there again?
Yes, please. Let me bring them home, said Nina.
From my understanding, you are not even sure they are alive, said Ricky, frowning. Are you sure about this?
Yes, said Nina. The officer who was hearing the conversation interrupted them.
But sir, if she inform something to the enemies then said the officer.
The gate is pretty safe, officer, unless they attack with the nuclear bomb, it will hold, muttered Ricky.No worries, the bunker is safe. If you want to go, Nina Polchinski, then you may go. Just knock on our door; we will open it for you.
Thank you so much, said Nina.
You are either brave or crazy, chuckled Ricky, glimpsing at the conference room. Good luck to you, Ms. Polchinski. Perhaps I dont have to release the creatures after all.
At this, the officer raised his eyebrows and looked at Nina with a doubtful face. Nobody among the villagers really wanted to destroy the island. 
Nina was excited that she may able to save the rest.
How can I get to the surface? said Nina.
Talk to this guy, said Ricky, pointing to the officer. Whenever youre ready.
Nina wasnt planning to ask anyone to come with her; there was no need anyway. All she needed to do was to get to her base and bring them here. 
They will be safe in here, thought Nina, beaming with hope.
Nina charged the cloaking devices and strapped them on. During the lunchtime, when her army busily ate, Nina packed lightly and went to find the officer whom Ricky pointed to. But when she was walking on the corridor, Sarah appeared in front of her. She was with Paul and Michel. Nina stopped.
Admi I mean Nina umm, said Paul, coughing awkwardly. Are we getting our Captain?
Nina, my baby girl. Dont leave us, said Michel, pushing Paul. He hugged Nina and started kissing her cheek, traumatizing her. Sarah hit his head with the fist.
Im sorry about that Nina, said Sarah. But I cant let you go.
 Nina leered at Sarah.
Why? You want to lose your family again? frowned Sarah. Me, and these crack heads, are on your side, you gumdrop.
No, said Nina, shaking her head.
Why? You are not our boss anymore, I am saying this as a friend, said Sarah.
I cant bear dead friends anymore, said Nina, trying to go through. Ill go insane.
Since when were you sane? Come on, what are you afraid of? I bet that little heart already died inside you. said Sarah, blocking her.
 Nina felt her heart beating madly as if the bomb just went off.
I had enough, said Nina, wincing, fighting the pain inside her heart.

Im sorry, said Nina, try to walk through them; but Sarah, Michel and Paul continued to block her way.
Move! said Nina. Thats an order.
No, said Sarah.
Move! shouted Nina.
Seriously what is with you? said Sarah. We have to say good bye, just about to anyone whom we ever knew. Come alone and leave alone, such a humbling theme weve got there aint it? But come on, we love you, since you havent noticed. And we are not going to let you leave us.
Sarah tapped Ninas shoulder. Nina broke down; she was shaking on the spot.
I hate you, cried Nina.
Yeah yeah, I know, muttered Sarah and hugged her.

Later that day, Ricky visited Glocks place. When he got there, Glock was with Molly. Ricky wanted to reinforce Nina Polchinski with some of the hunters to guide her. However, he didnt want to destroy the young love starting in Glocks life. Ricky instead went to Seth, the head of the hunters club.
Ricky was already mad at Seth for not keeping track of the list of members. They discussed the matter for a while. But Seth didnt like the idea of helping Nina Polchinski.
Come on Ricky, said Seth. The island is a mess. You cant fix something like this.
I dont want to destroy the island, Seth, said Ricky. If we could just help Nina Polchinski to grow, then the island will be in peace.
Ha! In your dream, sneered Seth.
She destroyed Veron Komer, said Ricky. Seth chuckled, leaning back on his chair.
I heard about the girl, yes, pretty impressive, said Seth, his eyes bulging out. But can you really trust her? The fact is that you have collaborated with Veron. I mean, to her, you are just a bastard like Veron.
We can keep it under control, said Ricky, firmly.
Im surprised that you came here, Ricky. You shouldve have gone to Glock first. He was eager to be out in the wilderness you know. Ever since your friends daughter got out of the village, said Seth, chuckling.
Yes, perhaps I should have, said Ricky, thickly.
Well, not like you, I dont trust her, said Seth. Ricky looked at him angrily and stood up.
From now on, I release you from all duties, Seth, said Ricky.
Wait, wait, what? said Seth, laughing.
I said, you are no longer the head of the hunters club anymore, said Ricky.
Is this a joke? said Seth, angrily.
Im afraid not, Seth, said Ricky.
Seth silenced, observing Rickys rigid face.
Well, thank you very much, muttered Seth and stood up. He pulled out the badge which he was wearing and put it on the table. Without looking at Ricky, he went out the room.
Ricky decided to go to Glock tomorrow, as it was late at night. He went to the elevator and went further down to his room. When he got to the room, his daughters were already at sleep.
Ricky sat down at his desk. He was looking at his wifes photo in the room. He felt stupid. Maybe she appears in his mind whenever she wanted to. She is saying hi to him from his memory. She stayed in his heart for too long. Something he tried to forget but failed to do so. He remembered her saying to him,
Time is flowing fast, yet no one cared. We became lost, drifted away and tangled away. Dangerous yet seductive, oh your beautiful eyes. Sweet, sweet love, come closely and hold me tight. Dance with me in this wretched place, where tear dried up on the cracked soil. Put your arm around my waist; with you, the world can be beautiful. Dont go, dont go stranger.

Chapter 34
The Strategists

The headmistress Lucy was mad when she found her four members dead in the hill. When they heard the loud bang from the hill, they came to see what happened. The group of assassins who shot at Ninas army gathered there too, explaining to Lucy.
It it happened so fast murmured one of them. They came out of nowhere
The members of the Assassins Chamber were talking amongst themselves. Ned, who was leading the rogues, was with them, looking around the field. 
How was it possible for the enemies to escape? he thought.
The haunted ground, field full of skeletons, murmured Ned. 
Lucy was crying out with rage, leaping around. She demanded the answers from the one who initialized an attack. But they merely said they were shooting at the invisible intruders. Lucy didnt listen and started accusing them that they were the one who betrayed her and killed their own division.
Get a sense Lucy, said Carol, one of the assassins who attacked the hill.
Your group fired at the spot where our allies were standing, said Lucy, raising her gun toward her. Not checking whether they are alive or not!
Ha! said the other assassin, pointing at Lucy. See everyone? This is what Im talking about. She is not fit to lead our group.
Shut up Casey, this is not the time, said Carol.
So, invisible? snorted Lucy. The enemy was invisible, is that what you are telling me?
Yes, said Casey, shrugging.
Look, we didnt attack our allies. We attacked the spot little away from their position because those enemies set off our booby traps, said Carol. 
Why are you acting like a blockhead? You know Nina Polchinski uses the cloaking devices, sneered Casey.
Lucy didnt know what to say back, so she merely stared at them. Ned came near them.
It is true, they were wearing a cloaking device, said Ned.
How do you know? growled Lucy. Ned, without speaking, threw the small device to Lucy. Lucy caught it in the air. 
She saw the microwave device that enables the cloaking. Lucy frowned at it. Although damaged, it was recognizable; she has seen a similar device in Cassandra.
Should we search the regions? said Carol.
Yes, yes, said Lucy. Look through the corpses.
They searched the region. It wasnt too hard to find the invisible corpses as the power was getting low on cloaking devices. Some of them were flickering on the ground.
Lucy approached one of the corpses and looked closely at it. It was James; his face was covered with worms and ants. Lucy doddered off the bugs from his face. The assassins didnt even bother to examine him further; he was the one who contacted Sharine Pestice to the ghost ship operation. Every member in the Assassins Chamber knew his face. There was only one group that fits the description. 
In that parched hope and shivering despair, muttered Casey, giggling. I guess she survived. 
Lucy burned with rage.
Ill kill I will kill you Nina Polchinski!!! screamed Lucy. Her voice echoed in the mountain.

At the time, Karl was still tied up in the camp. He looked more haggard than ever. Sharine and Alvin went near Karl and talked to him. Sharine brought some dry biscuit and started feeding Karl.
Nice doggy, said Sharine.
 Karl didnt reply, he just bit the biscuit and munched it.
 Well, many militants come to conquer. Most of them wont survive, muttered Sharine.
We need to go to the creek, said Alvin.
I dont mind but, most of them will die on the way, said Sharine. But if we just sit here, then we will be engulfed by the war. We need more army.
Ive seen many drones flying around these days We have to move into caves or the underground or they will try to remove us by air bombing said Karl.
No, they wont, said Alvin.
Why is that? said Karl.
Simply, bombing cost money, said Sharine. But providing us with the weapons, will bring profit. Unfortunately thats a privilege for the pirates now; we have to go to the shore.
Very good, was that your agenda in the Assassins Chamber? said Karl.
 Exactly an opposite, said Sharine.
 How do we find the merchants even if we get to the shore? said Alvin. Cassandra is shit right now and weve got nothing to trade. 
What do you suggest then? said Sharine.
We have to move to the creek and meet Nina, answered Alvin.
You seemed to be too trusting on that little girl, sneered Karl.
Mind your own business, said Alvin.
Machina suits which Nina is using are pretty good things to have but its not enough. Ideally, we need Ricky on our side, said Sharine. The problem is that my boyfriend is born ADD and got PTSD after his leg got chopped. He doesnt have a clue how to go back to village.
Well, thats that. Im not too worried about other militants; what Im afraid of, is your friends. They are going to come to this island soon or later, grumbled Karl, looking at Sharine.
Why do you think that? said Sharine.
Well, the pendulum has fallen and I doubt they will be killed by those lame creatures. What choice do they have, other than coming here? said Karl.
My old friends are quite disturbing, said Sharine. We dont have a chance against them.
Is that for real, oh oh, headmistress of the Chamber? said Karl, with a mocking tone.
Yes, we dont have a chance, said Sharine.
Are you thinking of truce? asked Karl.
They wont listen, said Sharine.
Disappointing said Karl.
 I need land mines and wires. Does this camp have it? said Sharine, but Alvin shook his head.
Nope, said Alvin.
This girl is scared now, chuckled Karl. Sharine frowned at Karl; Karl smiled her back.
 Where is Ms. Polchinski? asked Sharine to Alvin.
 She went into the tunnel, answered Alvin.
Huh is she alive? said Sharine.
Havent got a clue, said Alvin.
If she is alive, is she going to get you? said Sharine.
Yes, said Alvin.
Faithful little fella, are you that nave? said Karl.
Yes, said Alvin. Karl rolled his eyes.
My mouth is really dry Will you be kind to hand me that water? said Karl to Sharine. Sharine grabbed the bottle and spattered at Karls face. The water dripped from his face.
Nice doggy, smiled Sharine.
Thank you very much, said Karl, licking at his lips.
 We all have to move. If Poe doesnt listen, well have to do the coup, said Sharine.
 What? shouted Alvin.
You know, to keep things under control, said Sharine.
Are you nuts? said Karl.
If we dont stay here, we are going to die anyway. Poe is much easier to deal with than the assassins, said Sharine.
So you are saying the assassins will soon attack us? said Alvin.
One way or the other, said Sharine. Eventually the strongest will hit us hard and my bet is on my friends.
Bullshit, said Karl.
If we have a coup, arent the other militants going to attack us? Then it is all over, said Alvin.
Quite right, said Sharine, putting her hand under her chin; she thought for a moment.
Maybe it is lucky to have a humongous island, sighed Alvin. We will have to move to the creek after all.
No, go back to your mooring area, said Sharine. Where the rest of your armies are at.
Why makes you think I have a reserve? frowned Alvin.
I presumed it is stupid idea to give your ships to the enemy. said Sharine, charmingly. It wouldnt hurt to have some reinforcement. At least we dont die like a pack of farm animals.
So, after we get our army, are we going to prepare war against the Assassins Chamber? said Alvin.
No, find Ricky, we want to hide there, said Sharine. Karl rolled his eyes.
But, said Alvin.
From my understanding, Nina took her best men to get to the creek but they failed to come to the creek. Is that correct? said Sharine.
Yes, said Alvin.
Sorry to discourage you but, you cant fight against the Assassins Chamber, said Sharine. In Cassandra, we let Nina grow in the first place. Weve been planning the coup for ourselves way before you guys did. But as Nina did a pretty good job, I wanted to make a truce with her. That is why I did the ghost ship operation. If it wasnt for that, Nina would be dead long time ago.
Really? said Alvin, offended.
Yes, we are the string of the pendulum. No schemers can breach our territory, said Sharine. And I guess if they are indeed in the island, they will be coming for my neck. Lucy will be delighted...
Quite a friend youve got there, sneered Karl.
 Fuck you, smiled Sharine.
 I guess we are out of options, then, said Karl.
Exactly, smiled Sharine and turned to Alvin. Good luck convincing Poe. If we are lucky, you might see your queen after all.

Chapter 35
The Lost

Damiew was in the tunnel looking closely at the GPS device which carried the blueprint of Rickys maze. The room number and the rail lane changed from time to time. But the device allowed him to ride which carts and which room to enter at the specific time. 
He was carrying a very powerful gun, which was often used to hunt elephants. So far he has killed more than fifty creatures inside the tunnel.
The mine cart moves whenever someone opens the hatch to enter the tunnel, mumbled Damiew, reading what Dorothy texted on the device. It moves toward that direction like a taxi. 
There were many turns during the traveling, as if all it does is going around in circle. He guessed that the lane changes by design because he has never confronted with the other carts on the lane.
Interesting, murmured Damiew, looking closely at the GPS device. 
He decided to take a break; he stopped the cart and moved to the first storage. He changed the screen of the GPS device and started calling Dorothy. However, when he called, she didnt pick up the phone. Damiew shrugged and called her again, but still, there was no answer. He went down the stairs and continued to travel.
Few hours later, Damiew stopped, stared at the device; there was a blinking yellow dot on the screen, indicating that he has arrived at the destination. He shot the creature which was biting the rail track in front of him. The bullet hit on its back, it shredded the spine and good chunk of flesh came apart from the creature. It died without making a noise. 
Damiew climbed up the stair, grumbling, and found the location of the room. He glimpsed at the device and the room number respectively and felt a triumph. But when he entered the room, he just saw the spiral case and the huge sunken ground. 
The sun ray was coming down, baking the soil and tanning the multitude of creatures. As the door made a creaking sound, they all stared at Damiew, growling. Damiew closed the door sheepishly and locked it. 
Huh, said Damiew, calling Dorothy again.
The phone was ringing in the boat house in the Basileus Republic. Heston picked up the phone, smirking. He was very excited when Damiews voice came out from the phone. Protter was cuffed, standing near him, held by agents.
Heston glimpsed at Dorothy, giving her the phone, insisting her to talk. Dorothy looked at the phone with horror.
Hello? Hello?! said Damiew. If youre not going to say anything, why did you pick it up?!
Talk, he said silently, only moving his lip. His smile faded and the eyes beamed dangerously. Dorothy, scared, took the phone and coughed lightly.
Hello? said Dorothy, her voice trembling.
Hey, theres nothing here! Nothing! Its empty, there are a lot of creatures but shouted Damiew.
Ask about Ricky, whispered Heston to Dorothys ear. Dorothy winced, frightened.
Damiew? said Dorothy, gulping.
Yeah? said Damiew.
There there is nothing there? inquired Dorothy.
Yeah! Duh! said Damiew.
I dont know it is supposed to be there said Dorothy. Heston stared at Dorothy, frowning.
 What do you mean? Are you nuts? There is nothing here there is said Damiew.
I I miss you, Im scared said Dorothy. Her tear came down. Heston rolled his eyes and snatched the phone from her.
Hello Damiew. said Heston. Its been a long time.
Damiew paused for a moment, little surprised at Dorothys reaction.
Who am I speaking to? said Damiew with a thickened voice.
Its Heston. See Im really pissed about you little boys and girls working against our national interests, said Heston.
Against it? said Damiew, frowning.
Yes! We have a reason to believe that you are engaged in treason, by conspiring with Ricky Guido to conquer Cassandra, sneered Heston. You do know that this is a sensitive issue, since we have established the government of our interest there.
Damiew wondered whether Heston was telling the truth. He knew that they have put the puppet government in Cassandra but he didnt really investigate deep enough before he took a job.
Bullshit, said Damiew.
Oh? You didnt know? sneered Heston. Well, we have Protter in custody. If you give a testimony against him, we might reduce your term. Well, we can talk all about it when you get home. But if you stay there then
Dont worry, Ill find you, said Damiew and turned off the phone.
Hello? Hello? said Heston, but there was no answer; he flushed. He gripped the phone hard and threw it on the wall. Heston looked at Dorothy and Protter loathsomely.
Take her away, said Heston, pointing at Dorothy.
Yes sir, said one of the agents.
No! No! Let me go! You bastards! Dorothy screamed on the way out, struggling to break free. The door closed and Heston was left with one agent and Protter. He turned to the agent.
Do the special investigation in the island of riddles, said Heston.
Yes sir, said the agent, smiling shrewdly.
Heston was working covertly with the Assassins Chamber. He colluded with few of the agents to work with him; it was for the throne in Cassandra. Heston didnt trust the Assassins Chamber fully. He knew it was not possible for them to establish the thrones if Ricky is protecting the current refugees inside the bunker, as those individuals were connected deeply with the underlying power in Cassandra. Therefore, it was crucial for him to search for Ricky first and the Assassins Chamber was the best means to do it.
Heston was avoiding Protters eyes, as his face was full of disappointment at his friends betrayer.
Dont look at me like that We are all at the table, with the dice and chips, muttered Heston. Cant we just relax and sip martinis, Protter? Well, I guess it doesnt matter now, I could put Nina in to the crime of genocide.
She delivered justice, Heston, said Protter.
I couldnt care less if she gives me the location of Ricky Guido, said Heston.
 I shouldve guessed, said Protter. So, the creatures werent the problem in the first place. It was to make sure Nina and Ricky meet first and you are going to take them out completely by deploying troops. Running to the Secretary of Defense now?
Close, said Heston, smiling. You are not rusty at all.
Why? said Protter, sadly. Do you want Ricky to die that bad? He is our friend! 
 Dont interfere, or you wont be safe either, growled Heston.
... Are you really, going to kill me too? said Protter.
Hestone didnt speak for a while; he sighed and reached for his cigarette as his lungs were stuffy. He lighted up and puffed the smoke. The burnt air filled and tickled his lung.
You dont know about Ricky, Protter, said Heston.
What? What do I not know about Ricky? groaned Protter. We were friends since
Im not talking about that, said Heston. Im talking about what he became after his wife died.
Rachel? said Protter, his eyes glittering.
It was true that Ricky closed his heart to everyone around him after his wife died. Ricky became quite distant to the others, he was always into something. And he disappeared later.
He is a dangerous man, muttered Heston, somberly.
What do you mean? inquired Protter. But Heston didnt answer him; he walked out of the room.
Protter was left alone in the room, confused and lost. Ricky indeed was devastated when his wife died; he attempted suicide and ended up being in an emergency room after his neighbor called a police. He didnt die, but disappeared month later. That was the reason why everyone thought Ricky was dead until recently.
Indeed he built a secretive maze in the island. Ricky was always obsessed with the puzzle. But who cares about that, if Ricky is fighting against a bad guy like Veron Komer? What was Heston talking about?
Protter closed his eyes, unable to think anymore.

In the Island of Riddles, Damiew was looking at the device and then he dropped it on the floor, stepping on it. Theyve been exposed. Now he cannot go back; he didnt want to go to prison again.
Damiew went down the stairs, to the mine cart, he has to get out of tunnel now. But go where? he thought. He went down and stopped inside the cart. He is planning to get out of the island. He pressed the lever and the carts started moving.
Damn it said Damiew. He stopped and bashed his fists on the carts. 
And then he took another device from his backpack and observed it for a while. It was the same type of transmission device he has planted inside his house secretly before he came here. 
If he calls, it will connect him to Jago, his roommate who was supposed to dig his grave back at home. He pressed the button. Somewhere in the ghetto part in the Bascileus Republic, in that fungus and rat dwelling house, the phone started ringing.

Chapter 36
The Slip of the Tongue

Some villagers were wounded during the attack; they were staying at the hospital wings to get treated. The hunters still went around with the gun, marching and checking whether everyone was alright. 
Molly was doing the caf business as usual inside the bunker, renovating one of the rooms. She cooked and baked. She made break hours from 3 to 4 p.m., as it was too busy. When there was a break, Glock came by and chatted with her. She swept the floor with a broom during a break. Glock came to help, mopping the floor behind her.
They were murmuring about Seth getting fired from the headship of the hunters club. Seth simply went back home quietly without complaints and didnt get out of the room much.
Molly had a question for Glock. At first, she thought she misheard the phrase, but now she became too curious not to ask.
Glock? said Molly.
Yes? Glock said, raising his head.
This girl, Sharine Pestice, how did Ricky came to know her again? said Molly.
Well, I not sure, he merely said she was his best friends daughter, answered Glock. Is there something wrong?
No, no, its probably nothing, muttered Molly, sweeping the floor.
What is it? asked Glock.
 Ricky built this bunker because he has contracted with Veron, right? said Molly, narrowing her eyes.
Yes, said Glock. Urrum, it was to kick out some of the militants in the island and providing privacy for Veron in an exchange. 
And, this girl is from Cassandra right? said Molly, poking her broomstick under the table and sweeping it.
Yes, she is, muttered Glock.
How come? asked Molly.
What do you mean, how come? said Glock, blinking.
She is from Cassandra and Ricky is from Basileus Republic said Molly. Isnt that little bit strange?
Glock frowned, shrugging.
I dont know whats so strange about it, its not important, said Glock.
Oh come on, of course it is, said Molly, twitching her lips. What did Ricky say about her past?
He said she was a friend of his, Henry Jefferson, but Im guessing Sharine used her mothers last name to hide her identity. said Glock.
So Henry was a rebel? inquired Molly.
Ricky said he saw Henrys execution. Veron was accusing Henry of treason, said Glock, trying to remember the conversation he had it with Ricky, because Henry was on the same side with Veron at the time.
So, before he built this village, he has known Henry Jefferson, who was on the same side as Veron, said Molly.
Yeah? said Glock.
In other words, he met Henry before he contracted with Veron, said Molly. 
Glock stayed silenced at this and had to think for a while. He could see now what Molly is getting at, the timing was little off. What was Ricky doing in Cassandra in the first place before Veron contacted him to build an underground shelter?
Nah, it cant be, Henry was probably acting against Veron like the undercover agent, said Glock.
Really? said Molly, sardonically. 
Nevertheless, the way he deals with Sharine was indeed strange said Glock.

Do you think he lied to us about Sharine? said Glock.
He is not lying, if it slips in a speech like that, said Molly.
I admit I dont know much about Rickys past, said Glock. He doesnt, you know, want to bring it up. He said it reminds him of his wife...
I know it is quite random question to ask but, said Molly. Do you know how Rachel died?
You mean the cause of death? said Glock. Molly nodded.
 No, not really, said Glock. Why do you want to know?
Never mind, said Molly. Well I think the room is clean enough. Do you want some cup of tea, Glock?
Oh, yes, thank you, said Glock, grinning.
And you should give the children some present to give, like a toy. Who knows? They may like you again, said Molly.
Probably they will treat me a kidnapper, said Glock, sadly. Molly snorted.
Oh, they are kids Glock, they are not that complex. Give them candies, it will help, said Molly, smiling.
Uhh ok, said Glock, dumbly.
Ok, then, Ill have to prepare for a dinner for our customers, said Molly. Do you mind giving me some hand? 
No, no no, Ill help, said Glock. I can wash dishes,
Good, just dont break it, said Molly, laughing. They went into the kitchen.

Chapter 37
The Secretary of Defense

Gloria was in a party with her friends while Heston was off to work for an important meeting with Secretary of Defense. Heston was being promoted for a good job capturing the information leaks in the agency. But she was sad as the perpetrator was Protter. She was quite upset about how Heston acted so ruthlessly on his best friend.
She was worried about her husbands health as he was overworking nowadays. It happened ever since that mysterious meeting he had in the tavern. Her friend, June, warned her and asked her to check whether he was having an affair.  Gloria doubted but tracked him down anyway.
Mary worked inside the agency before, now I cant ask her how to tap the phone! complained Gloria.
Did you smell any perfume from his shirt? said June. Or lipsticks on it?
No, no nothing, but he worked as an espionage unit for some times in the past, maybe he is good at hiding stuff! said Gloria, gloomily.
Well, we have to see, if the tail is too long he will get caught, said June.
Drinks ladies? said the waiter, walking near them with the cocktail glasses on the plate.
Thank you, said Gloria, taking one of them.
Well, keep an eye on him, okey? He surely seemed acting odd recently, said June.
Oh, Im just upset about him accusing his own friend. I cant comprehend this situation, they have been friends for twenty years now? said Gloria.
Yeah, it is strange, sighed June. Well, they are bit secretive anyways, both of them.

Inside the conference room, Heston gathered agents to conduct an operation in Cassandra for stabilizing the region. Protter was held captive in an interrogation room.
Well, the rebels are grabbing this opportunity to do the terrorist activities. They bombed our embassy and other government-related buildings; others are vandalizing the whole city But weve managed to take control of the situation, said the agent.
Good good, said Heston.
Are we suppose to smoke out Nina Polchinski in the island, in case she returns and topple off the government? said the agent.
Yes, Ive been talking to the Secretary of Defense about this. Unfortunately it is the necessary act we need to take, said Heston. Ricky is alive, he have been hiding terrorists inside that island for decades now, 
The agents looked at each other in amazement, muttering with one another.
Is this true? said the agent.
What is your source? said the other.
 Heston seemed like he is pleased at where this conversation is going. He cleared his throat and opened his mouth.
I know because one of our own friends, inside this very agency, tried to contact Ricky Guido in secret, said Heston.
They murmured together again, restlessly.
Who is it, Heston? said one. What is he up to?
Bring him in, said Heston and one of the agents nodded and got out the room. Ill tell you when our Secretary of Defense gets here; he seemed to be interested in the matter too. He will be arriving in five minutes. 
Heston and few others glimpsed at the clock.
Seemed like that old man is dealing with a hard shit even to his end of the term, grumbled one of the agents.
Yeah, poor guy, said the other.
Heston merely smiled and lay back on his chair with his hand behind his head. The agent brought Protter into the room. He was still cuffed. Protter looked at Heston intently but Heston avoided the eye contact. Exactly five minutes later, the Secretary of Defense, Walter Hutchinson entered. The agents stood up.
Hello gentlemen, said Walter.
Hello sir, said them.
I have to go to the generals meeting in twenty minutes, so lets get this over with fast, said Walter.
Walter sat down on the chair. Heston was smirking. The assistant brought coffee for Walter.
According to our president, in this hour of peril, he does not wish to deploy troops to so-called Island of Riddles. The conflicts in the island are none of our concern. Veron Komers regime has been collapsed already. There are no threats left for us; therefore, no further action is necessary, said Walter. 
Hearing this, Heston immediately became disappointed, and didnt bother to show his expression. Protter sighed in relief; his cold sweat soaked his back.
But those genetically modified creatures which have invaded our country are said Heston.
Yes it is quite a kids game for us isnt it? said Walter, his eyes beaming.
Sir, there will be continued attacks in Cassandra if we dont act now. When there is a conflict, it is easy for those terrorists to expose themselves and easy for us to eliminate them, once and for all, said Heston spattering his saliva on the table.
Have you been listening to me at all? We are not at war, frowned Walter. Only necessary precaution is the covert operation to gather intelligence. I have a reason to believe that when Veron Komer was still in power, he was building this underground bunker inside the Island of Riddles.
I do not aware of Veron Komers engagement, lied Heston.
Is that so? asked Walter, sarcastically.
Yes, sir, we have no evidence whatsoever that said Heston but Walter interrupted.
I know Veron also had an interest in that island. But you see, interestingly enough, said Walter, inclining his head. Ricky Guido now has a power over the Ephemera technology.
Heston looked furious; trying to grasp what is going on. Protter glanced up at Walter with some kind of hope.
It means unlike Veron, Ricky have a sole power over the ruling in Cassandra, plus he is our citizen, he knows our way, said Walter. Well, currently our puppet government in Cassandra is pathetic and evil as Veron Itll be very tedious to deal with rebels and corruption anyway. So, if the will of the people in Cassandra want liberty, they should get it for themselves. 
Heston is now impatient, if the situation flows like this it will be harder for him to rule Cassandra. If Ricky rises to the power with Nina, he cannot do anything about it.
Heston, if you are concerned about our national security that much, I can give you my word that if Ricky acts against us, I will be the one who will deploy the troop and remove him completely, said Walter.
Protter smiled and dropped his head, trying to suppress the joy in his heart. Heston looked as if he swallowed dung.
And for you Protter, you have caused me a lot of trouble. But, at the same time it was quite a pleasure. But next time, be aware, some of our men are quite cunning chuckled Walter, glancing at Heston who looked reproached. And Walter turned back to Protter. Good luck to you, perhaps one day we can sit down and have tea. 
Walter stood up, smiling. He glimpsed at his watch. 
Little late, hmm, I hope they dont get mad, said Walter. Good night gentlemen, God bless you all. 
And he walked out with the agents.

Chapter 38
The Island War

The journalists gathered and broadcasted about the peace in Cassandra and an extermination of the creatures. About 30,000 creatures were killed; the pile of corpses burned in the street corners.
Protter was released from his charge but it seemed like the long time friendship between Heston and Protter had ended. It left Protter in a state of dismay and disappointment. Heston didnt bother to apologize to him. They ignored each other whenever they encountered in a hallway inside the intelligence agency.
Heston continued to pursue his own goal, collaborating with the Assassins Chamber. Now that the situation became like this, he had to act fast. He have contacted Lucy, provided the information and executed occasional drone strikes in the region.
Dorothy was relieved that she was back in the agency but was excited for the other reason. Someone, who claimed to be Damiews roommate, contacted her in secret. His name was Jago; he said to her that before Damiew left Basileus Republic, he made some arrangement, in case something happens to Damiew. Damiew was contacting Jago all along during the trip, without notifying Dorothy or Protter.
Dorothy was careless when checking the Damiews background, as she thought Damiew was just a wasted alcoholic veteran who was desperate to pay his rent. Dorothy still couldnt believe when Jago handed her the transmission device. But as soon as she heard Damiews voice coming out from the device, she was leaping around the room.
Now will you go out with me? said Damiew. Or am I still not your type?
Ill think about it, said Dorothy, giggling.
Well, see you later then, chuckled Damiew.
See you! Oh! Is it okay to contact Protter? said Dorothy.
Of course, hell have to pay extra money, grumbled Damiew.
Ok! Ok! Ill contact him! Ill call you later! said Dorothy, smiling widely with her pink cheek. She glimpsed at Jago, who looked discomforted.
Thanks! said she, beaming.
In the Island of Riddles, Sharine and Kevin got married; the refugees all gathered around and celebrated the wedding.  Poe was in such a good mood that he accepted Alvins proposal to move the base to Ninas mooring area. Gilbert thought it was pretty good idea too.
Tasha and Jake were now getting along well in the camp, didnt get into trouble recently. They seemed to hang out more with the refugee kids. Still, Evan and few others were observing Tasha and Jake maliciously, waiting for the revenge. They thought it was outrageous that not only Tasha fired the gun at Evan, she get away by lying.
Nancy stayed mostly inside the tent or near the fireplace as the weather was getting cold. She was happy that her son-in-law returned to them.
Now the refugee started to move again back to the shore. They folded the tents, carried the food and water and started walking.
Captain Baldi, after wiping out the petty rulers in the island, destroyed many plantations by pouring the sea water on it, ruining the soil. Baldi wasnt interested in the island; he merely was interested in spoils. He and his crews merely wandered around the ocean and attacked whenever they feel like it and sold the goods to their customers.
As the plantation got ruined, those who have been living in the Secret Rooms had no choice but to come out and surrender to Baldi. Soppy looking groups came out from the underground and walked toward the shore where pirates were drunk under the sun.
They have spotted Ninas base inside the cave near shore, where Captain Nottingham was in command, but the defense was too strong. They didnt mind much about their presence as they werent interested in conquering the island. However, they were pretty much interested in getting Rickys neck. Bounty was high; his dead-or-alive poster flied all across the globe.
Titto and Melady got married too. With Mr. and Mrs Thompson, they were now living inside the cave. Titto hunted for the day and returned at night. 
Ricky moved the village around, and directed Nina to go to the village and set up the base there. The eight trains moved to the original spot and glued together. Ricky deployed some troops to protect the village. 
Nina opened the hatch, slowly raised her head, peeking. The sunshine was streaming through the damaged tree. One skeleton was sitting against the tree, his jaw cracked by the bomb shells.
Thanks for helping us out, big guy, said Michel, tapping Glocks shoulder. Glock, when he heard about the situation from Ricky, volunteered to act as a guide.
He didnt want to leave Molly, but he didnt want to lose the island either. If he is lucky, he would be able to find Sharine too and bring her home.
I had to put the two persons worth for this guy, said Michel, tapping at Glocks cloaking devices.
Do you know how to use this? smiled Sarah, politely.
No, grunted Glock.
First, squeeze this into your head, said Sarah, putting the headgear on Glocks head and loosening the straps to the furthest; his face looked like a tied beef roast. 
Ok, now turn on the transceiver here. And push this button, said Sarah, pushing the buttons located on the headgear and Glock disappeared. So, your head gear allows you see our position because it tracks a unique signal from your device.
 Thank you, murmured Glock.
Oh, youre welcome, said Sarah, smiling. She turned to Nina and poked her.
 So my dear pirate queen, what is our prey now? said Sarah.
The whole island, grinned Nina.

Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid.
John 14:27
