Fifteen Stones

The Wandering Herd
2nd book of the Stones Series

Paul Telegdi


Dedicated to my mother-in-law, Jean Haines Smith, my most avid reader.
First written: 1998
Copyright  2014, Paul Telegdi

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever

Published by Paul Telegdi at Smashwords in June 2014

Foreword
Fifteen Stones follows upon the success of Fourteen Stones which set the scene that begged to be further explored, and of course, I was eager to follow up to find where the story would take me. To my delight, it kept surprising me and the further I got into it, the further I wanted to go (already I could see another sequel growing out of it).
So if you liked the first, youll like this one, Im sure. And if you do, leave me a kind word on Smashwords or where you live on the Internet so that Chaiko and Dawn may be remembered.
Just a quick note: some readers have questioned the young ages of my protagonists; my answer to them is that prehistoric people lived a short life so they had to mature and start early to make their mark.
Also, to really enjoy this book, please read 14 Stones first.
Prologue
Somewhere in the wide open plain under the pale starlight, hulking, dark shapes drifted along the water course. The herd was spread out for the night across the full breadth of the valley.
The moon was still below the horizon, but already its glow preceded its ascent into the sky. An owl perched on a dead branch of a tree hooted, as if measuring out the passage of time. By some ancient wisdom it knew that half the darkness had already passed. It hooted again, more loudly this time. Some of the animals were roused from sleep and turned toward the sound. One snorted explosively, exhaling a burst of vapor into the frigid night air. A small event it was, but a disturbance radiated out from this source, passing through the herd like a shiver, then slowly succumbed again to the inertia of the resting beasts. Once again the heads became heavy and drooped low, the eyes closed, the noses almost touching the ground, stirring up the dust with each exhalation. But even in sleep, the herd was drifting slowly north by northeast.
To these creatures it did not matter what year it was, for they were ruled by the rhythm of the seasons alone and now was the time to head north. With daylight the animals would rouse themselves, coalesce into one solid mass and resume their journeynorth by northeast, across raging rivers, through rifts and mountain passes, over ice fields, across dry desolate places, treacherous, soft marshes and stony flats, driven on by the instincts of their kind to fulfill their imperative. Move, move, move, each heartbeat commanded. Move, make way, follow the others, the hoofbeats insisted. And the herd rolled over the land, stamping its passing into the ground as a curtain of dust hung high above them. The rest of creation hurried from its path, watching the constant flow that was the herd moving north by northeast. Weary, the fox watched as day after day the herd rumbled by, the incessant pounding of the passing weight trembling through the ground. The badger dug deeper into his hole. The groundhog retreated to the lowest level of its burrow, while the roof of its den crumbled under the collective impact of the passing herd.
The moon rose above the rim of the earth and flooded the plain with its light. Shapes sharpened into focus, and shadows deepened. The owl, still on its perch, spread its wings and hooted its greeting. An old bull feeding nearby raised his head and cast a baleful look around at the company of worn-out bachelors of which he was a part. Most of them were asleep where they stood, swaying slightly with the rhythm of their breathing.
The bull lowered his head and sniffed the ground. After days of the constant flow of animals, the grass languished under the weight of dust. Out of habit, his tongue extended, wrapped itself around a clump of grass, tore it loose and drew it inside his mouth, his teeth munching through the sheaf of stalks. The bull chewed stolidly on, the teeth grinding, much too aware of the taste of dust. He ate instinctively, not because of any hunger or appetite, but to feed a compelling need. Eat for strength, for the strength to move north by northeast.
He shook and tossed his shaggy head to shoo away some flies buzzing around his nose, attracted by the mucus of the inner folds. Regularly his tail flicked to either side to drive off some insect bothering his flanks. There was no tree near enough to rub against, no convenient boulder to scrape his sides. He shook his head again, and a cloud of dust was expelled from the fur of his massive head and neck.
He lowered his head again to bite at the limp, dusty grass. He ate nonetheless. There would be no better fare until they reached the northern plains. Till then, there was plenty of dust to breathe and to eat as he was doing now. Even the watering places were dirty with churned up mud. If he longed for anything, it would be to arrive at a virgin pasture with beckoning clear water. Now, he chewed complacently like any cow. But he was not a cow! He had been a lead bull not too long ago! For six years he had led and dominated his own small herd with the help of a few subservient males. He had covered many cows, and his offspring had grown numerous. He had met all challenges and defended his right to rule until a young bull half his age dared to stand against him in the field at the end of a long season of fighting. The old bull was weary and full of scars, but what did the young bull care? This was a bisons way of settling rights of claim. The old bull fought with cunning experience against the boastful strength of youth so eager to prove himself ... and that day he did. An unexpected rake of a horn slashed a ragged tear from throat to cheek. The strength of the old bull bled from that wound, and slowly his power faded, but still he did not yield but met each charge squarely on, head against head in the best tradition of bulls. Finally he was driven to his knees and his body could rise no more. His head dropped into the dust, blood flowing from his neck and nose. The foe bellowed his triumph in victory, but did not stay to watch, for the new master was worried in his turn about his proprietorship of the herd he had just won. Such was the way of bulls.
The old bull had lain there in the dust, slowly bleeding from his grievous wounds, waiting to die. But he did not die. He staggered to a creek, and in its waters cooled the raging wound fever. He grazed on reeds and grasses on the banks and in time he grew stronger. The wound slowly healed and welded together into a bright red scar that shone through the mat of his pelt. But the bull had become an old bull, old in spirit if not in years. The whole herd knew of his defeat; it was stamped into his posture, and his every step bore witness. He found acceptance in the company of old males where there was no conflict, no strife, no competition of any kind. The rest of the herd looked upon them as he-cows, all harmless, impotent, unworthy of recognition.
The bull lowered his head to chew on another mouthful of grass. The buzz of flies increased and more insects, attracted by heaps of dung everywhere, filled the air. The bull flicked its tail ineffectively from side to side. He looked for One-Horn, his travelling companion, to see if they could rub against each other to rid themselves of these pests, but the other bull was asleep, head hung low, a rope of spit hanging from his mouth. The old bull belched, and his stomach deflated as the gas escaped. But the insects were unbearable: ticks burrowed into his hide, night crawlers were dense in his pelt. His winter fur had begun molting, and the cast-off coarse hairs were irritatingly itchy. Scar-Face stiffly dropped to his knees, then awkwardly rolled onto his back. He rocked himself from side to side, grinding his back into the dirt and gravel. He did the same for each side, relishing the scouring of sand and pebbles digging into his fur, easing the maddening itching. With a twist and a heave he rose again to his feet, much relieved. Content, the bull looked up at the moon and lowed softly, feeling the pleasant rumbling in his chest. When he was young, that sound had echoed over pastures, much bolder in challenge.
******
Bison did not keep track of years, following only the changing of the seasons, but the last season was all wrong, out of time and out of place. The earth had shaken, and the hills groaned, and rifts had opened up in the ground that swallowed entire herds. Mountains fell, cliffs collapsed, and age-old paths disappeared as the earth danced and redrew itself. Rivers vanished, streams dried up. Storms lashed at them in the open, and the sun that followed was killing, merciless. Many dropped from heat and exhaustion, never to rise again. In that year-of-confusion, the herd went astray, and when they finally stopped their running, they found but sun-baked dust at the end of their journey.
Bison did not count numbers, but at some level even they noticed the shrunken herds. There were hardly any yearlings about, since few were calved, and of those, few survived the harshness of the year that followed. The old succumbed as well, their bones trampled into the dust of the trail from south to north and back again. Every valley on route had gained a new bone yard, where many stopped, lay down, gave up and died. The carcasses were fought over by predators, the bones scattered. Here and there were dried-out hides loosely draped over a rack of bones, bugs and insects making homes in their shelter.
Bison did not dream, nor indulge in hope. They sought to find comfort but otherwise were driven by their need to be somewhere at certain prescribed times of the year. After all, one belonged to the herd, and the instinct of the herd was to move. As soon as it stopped moving, the animals would disperse, to find their own way in a sea of grass waving in the wind.
Still, when the whole herd moved the earth trembled as groups upon groups surged by for days on end. Herds within herds raced by in a drumbeat of hooves. And the ground shook, and even far away the sounds of their moving could be heard. It was good to be in the midst of this rushing mass, shoulder to shoulder, sides onto sides, heads aligned and flowing over the landscape like a tidal flood.
Bison never wondered who led the herd, or how they knew where to go. It was enough to be in the middle of this river of beasts, heads bobbing in unison, the shock of the ground rolling through flesh and bones, all hearts beating the same, all heads pointing the same, north by northeast in spring, in fall the other way. Down a ravine, splashing through a creek then charging up a slope again. A thundering line of bison ahead, as far as the eyes could see, and more, many more to come, still behind. To the side, the rest of natures creatures waited for the herd to move on by in a dizzying blur indistinct in its vast numbers, cloaked by the dust. A badger scampered to safety just ahead of the hooves. A snake was not so lucky, but was trampled into an unrecognizable lump. Vainly did the scavengers of the air circle overhead, the constant flow and press of shaggy bodies giving them no opportunity. A bit at a time the snake disappeared.
******
Now a cloud passed before the moon and the old bull lifted his head to look at it. The ugly line of scar shone visible in the pale light. Scar-Face, the old bull, was well marked. He snorted; there was a rotten smell in the air somewhere.
Just then the owl in the tree screamed a warning; a nearby bush erupted with ferocious violence as a large grizzly suddenly burst into view. One swipe of his powerful paw struck down a mature bull struggling into consciousness from the depth of sleep. The claws ripped into the hide and tore through muscle and flesh, crushing bone with a sickening crunch. Blood sprayed broadly into the air. The bull dropped to the ground already dead. The bear reared above its kill and roared out its challenge and disdain at the rest. Instantly an empty hole was created around the victim and its killer, as the rest pulled away in alarm. The bear lowered himself to all fours and sniffed at the carcass. It was excited by the smell of blood still gushing from the wound. The bear raised itself and again roared out its claim to the kill. Then it dropped down, sniffed, and started to tear at the meat. The herd resumed its slow drift north and flowed by the feasting bear, somehow aware that a price had already been paid and a threat thus neutralized. Bison knew, of course, that a solitary bear was not a pack of wolves, whose appetite was many footed and much less easy to assuage.
Bison were used to death, and death was everywhere, stalking them, surrounding them. Death came in many forms, sometimes lightning quick, sometimes agonizingly slow. But it was not the nature of the bison to worry much about anything. Though it feared, it did so in reflex response, more akin to fright; then when danger passed, it thought no more about it. Now as the bear feasted, then paused in his repast, the herd passed by unconcerned.
The herd moved, inexorably on its way regardless of consequence. Each took resolve from its neighbors, encouragement from the endless mass that was in front, and something akin to pride for the mass that followed. Was there anything as powerful as the charge of a full phalanx of bison? Surely not a bear. Was there anything more compelling or self-reinforcing than the full flood of beasts ranging over all the land? Surely not! The dust hung above them to inform all creatures of the plains that the bison were coming. The bison were running, and would soon be there.
Among all the press of bodies and the forward march of feet, in the drumbeat of countless hooves, there was one old bison with a scar from neck to cheek, moving with the rest, north by northeast.

Chapter 1
Chaiko awoke into a late spring night. Cautiously, not wanting to wake his mate Dawn, he sat up in the still frigid air. The vapor of his breath swirled about him. Shivering, he drew the fur tightly around himself. Dawn hardly stirred with the new baby in her arms, wrapped warm in a bison pelt.
It was still dark. The light of the moon and of the few stars barely reached into the cave. Chaiko fumbled about, found his wooden leg where he always kept it near at hand, and strapped it on. He stood up with practiced ease, hardly aware that his left leg was not entirely his own. More by instinct than by seeing, he made his way among the sleeping forms to the guard fire that burned at the entrance to the cave. The fire had shrunk to a smoldering heap of ashes, but he could feel the heat radiating from the few embers on top. He sat down beside it and gathered the bison hide closer about him, trying to capture the rising heat in the folds of the robe. It was cold enough that his breath smoked, and his nose and the back of his neck were nipped by the chill in the air. He threw a few branches onto the fire and waited until the flames took hold, reaching his hands toward the radiating warmth.
He wondered what had awakened him. He was sure that there was no danger or his instinct would have warned him. He felt restless but without a specific focus. Maybe it was the building anticipation of the coming season as there was much facing the clan just awakening from winters lethargy. Foremost was the uncertainty about the herds; would they be back after the upheavals of the previous year? It was crucial for their existence that the herds return.
Last year at about this time, a severe earthquake had shaken the ground, the sky had filled with smoke, ash rain and a vicious storm had lashed the countryside. In the aftermath of this upheaval the herds did not arrive. There followed a drought that dried out the land. All animals disappeared and the grassland turned into a burnt-out wasteland. Then a fire consumed the plain from horizon to horizon. Protected by a strip of sand desert that the fire could not leap, this Green Valley alone had survived with the animals that had found itnot many, but enough for Chaiko and his clan to last through the following winter. It was, therefore, more than ever crucial for the herds to return: the bison, the elk, the antelope and the horses.
Chaiko fervently wished that his spirit could leave his body, as some old stories taught, and soar over the distances to search out the herds and lead them back to the broad fertile plain between the mountains to the west and the hills to the east that comprised the hunting ground of the Standing-Rock Clan. It was not his habit to evoke the spiritual, but as shaman he was supposed to be able to do all that, and certainly could not overlook anything that would enable his clan to thrive. The trouble was that he knew little of the spirit world, woefully ignorant of its workings. It behooved a shaman to know these things, he remonstrated with himself, to cast magic before a hunt, to call the animals forth for the hunters, to mesmerize the game, to devise spells to cleanse unclean things, to purify, to enhance luck and to heal with spirit power. But he was blind to all these. More so, he found it abhorrent to muddy his thoughts with spiritual considerations. Yet he needed to know about them.
The problem was that there was no one now to teach him. His predecessor, Samar, like himself, had been appointed to the role, not trained from childhood in the ways of spirits and magic. His mentor had known only a few incantations himself, which he repeated by rote, but which were of questionable value at best: the Fire-Walk, the Crane-Spell, the Singing-Rock Song, and the Water-on-Water Rite. The rest seemed to be gestures, and Chaiko had not listened closely to Samars explanations of them. At the time, of course, no one realized that Chaiko, a useless cripple, would succeed Samar as the next shaman of the clan. At the next Gathering of all the clans, he would ask the Council of Shamans to initiate him into the intricacies of this vital knowledge. Until then, he did not know how to proceed.
It was a common assumption that dreams were an opening to the spirit world. Even a child knew that much. But how could he effectively take advantage of this fact in some practical sense, to avoid wasting the knowledge? He had tried to attend to his dreams to make some sense of them, but the haphazard succession of events and images left him dizzy with confusion. He despised the lack of control in them. Still, he often dreamed of Samar and of his own parents. Were their spirits trying to tell him something? He just did not know. Thoughts like dreams hid behind reality, a reaction to them perhaps, a reflection of them. Chaiko had always insisted on keeping his thoughts orderly and clear. It was therefore not surprising that he tended to rely on them rather than to wait for the spiritual to reveal itself. The responsibility of being a shaman often confronted him with concerns that he would have preferred to avoid. He sighed deeply and looked out into the night.
The pre-dawn light slowly ate into the darkness on the eastern arc of the sky. As always Chaiko was conscious of the changeover from night into day, and he watched as the trees stood out, silhouetted by the rising brightness. He threw more wood on the fire and watched the flames grow from little tongues to a solid cone of heat and light. As the flames ate greedily into the wood, Chaiko was reminded of the evil rapacity of the great fire that had consumed the whole of the plain last year and nearly killed him. Fire, perhaps the most useful tool of man, was also a most reluctant servant, not to be trusted, but to be kept strictly under control, imprisoned in its circle of stones. Its cheerfulness hid an evil appetite. This early in the year, however, the ground was still drying out from the spring thaw and a fire would find no easy foothold in the wet soil and grass.
In a nearby alder, a bird left its nest to greet the day that was vanquishing the night. Its call was wonderfully melodious and evoked instant replies. The exchange woke the rest of the world: bird calls echoed under the trees, a chorus of frogs joined in and then the barking of a fox. An owl settled heavily on a branch, its large eyes already hooded against the light. The first glint of gold appeared above the earth, embracing its surroundings, and suddenly color filled the land.
Chaiko, clutching his robe closely about himself, walked through the still wet grass to the edge of the hilltop and looked at the valley floor below. A dense mist hid it from view, the milky whiteness shot through with gold where touched by the rays of the sun. Anxiously he peered south-west but the opaque curtain still obscured the view. He had hoped to see bison there or elk at least. Maybe today the herds would arrive, long lines of elk heading north and clusters of bison drifting along the river bed.
He heard a noise behind him. He turned to see his brother Baer, wrapped in a bison robe, approaching, driven by the same need to know: had the herds arrived? Behind him the cave was stirring; Tanya, his mate, was already feeding the fire. Baer nodded to Chaiko and he, too, peered to the south-west into the milky whiteness below. He grunted when he realized that there was nothing to be seen through the mist. They were soon joined by Cosh. The lines tightened on his usually unperturbed face as he looked to the south-west. The three exchanged glances, each preoccupied by the same concern. Where were the herds?
The mist wont lift for a while yet, Baer said, but made no move to go back to the cave. Chaiko closed his eyes and turned fully into the sun, enjoying the gentle warmth that bathed his face. There was nothing to say. The herd would or would not come regardless of how long they waited and anticipated. Not entirely true, he corrected himself, a positive attitude often evokes a positive outcome. His right leg was cold but his left had no feelings, being made of wood. There is an advantage to be found in everything, he reminded himself wryly. He shrugged and turned toward the cave, limping only slightly as he made his way back.
Dawn, wrapped in a soft pelt, was awake and nursing the baby, her face softly tender. She was making cooing sounds to encourage the baby who needed little encouragement, but nuzzled her noisily, sucking. His arms waved haphazardly about, his tiny fingers closing and opening. Chaiko dropped down beside her, but she was in a private world, with a beatific expression glowing on her face. It seemed to him that she had retreated there more and more since the babys birth, sometimes excluding even him.
The sun climbed higher into the sky and filled the cave with light. The surfaces touched by its golden glow slowly warmed and the somber mood lifted with the receding chill. The sky was clear and though the sun appeared somewhat distant, the day promised to be seasonably mild.
The valley was still shrouded in mist. People went to the edge of the downslope, peered into the haze below, looking to the south-west, hoping to be the first to spot the bison emerging from the fog. Time and time again they returned disappointed, the milky whiteness having stubbornly denied them the view.
As was their habit, Baer, Cosh and Chaiko collected by a small fire apart from the rest, to discuss and make decisions for the coming day. They sat quietly while Tanya passed around their morning meal of smoked meat. Although smoked meats tended to taste alike, especially after a long winter, Chaiko recognized the flavor of bison slowly seeping from the tough piece. All winters were long, concluded Chaiko to himself. Some were milder, some were harsher, but all winters were long. It seemed that even his bones ached for the warmth and brightness of summer, for fresh meat fed on young grass, for the crisp taste of new vegetables and fruits. He chewed on the meat like the others, who were doubtlessly thinking the same, that though the winter had been mild, summer could not come soon enough.
We need to know about the herds, Baer said, coming straight to the point. Cosh nodded emphatically. As chief scout, it was his responsibility to search for the game in their hunting domain. Since late winter he had been obsessed by this question about the herds. Would they show up this year, as they always had before, except for last year? Life was unthinkable without them.
Crow and Lana left the cave and were heading to the edge to look down. The three leaders watched the two young persons as they reached the edge and turned to the south-west as everybody else had done. With heightened interest they observed them, reading into their postures the anticipation of discovery as they leaned after their gaze, then the disappointment in the slight sag of their muscles, the tilt of the heads, the curve of the backs, the consoling looks exchanged. It was a disappointment of impatience rather than of finality, so the leaders concluded that the mist had not lifted yet.
We have enough meat for a moon, enough seeds for half, and some dried berries, but no other fruits, Baer resumed with their concerns.
We have plenty of rhubarb, Chaiko could not refrain from interjecting, his countenance frozen to hide his merriment. Cosh pulled a face and fidgeted. He was reminded of the days of hunger in the hills last year, when they had subsisted on sour rhubarb for breakfast, at midday and for the evening meal, to fill out the few other foodstuffs they could glean from a countryside that had already been picked clean. Baer knew his brother better, and watched him levelly until Chaiko could not contain himself but burst out laughing. Cosh looked at him in rising indignation.
I have a great recipe for rhubarb ... he tried to get out between fits as he saw Cosh wince at the mere mention of the word. Cosh had really grown to hate rhubarb, but ate it stoically to give a good example to the younger people, who were even less charitable toward the lowly vegetable. Baer smiled weakly, but Chaikos amusement was not enough to deflect him from his major concern.
We need to know about the bison, he repeated, calling their attention back to the topic at hand.
Most years the bison are already here by this time, commented Cosh in his matter-of-fact manner. The sap is flowing. The willows twigs are turning yellow and will soon be in bloom, the trees are in full bud, the birds are back rebuilding their nests, the fish are swimming upstream. The fox is digging a new lair.
Then where are the herds? Baer exclaimed, challenging them to come up with an answer he could accept. Cosh shrugged his shoulders. It was not his habit to muse over why something was not, he was too concerned with things that were. These was-nots had been Samars responsibility, but the old shaman had died, weakened with hunger in the hills. Without looking at Chaiko, the two expected him to come up with some answer.
The spirit world stands in the shadow of the real, Chaiko intoned with a straight face. Its influence is widespread and far-ranging. Perhaps its the spirits who turned aside the bison, deflected the elk from its rightful path, and led astray the antelope. But who can read the mind of a spirit? Cosh tried to delve into this implied complexity, but Baer looked at his brother quizzically; why was he so full of hilarity this morning?
Chaiko wanted to lighten Baers cares, not add to them, so he hurried to correct himself. The bison know the way, the elk have travelled these same paths all their lives, generations of them have walked the same way. So have the antelope, and the horses. Its their nature to walk the ways they have walked before, just as it is the nature of man to build a fire and call it home. For a woman to suckle a child. For a child to run to the parents to seek protection there. If everything is true to its nature, then what could have happened? Last year, an earthquake, storm, drought and fire turned them. But this year, they will be back. The route might have changed. A mountain pass might have filled up with rubble from the earthquake and a river might have swollen or been blocked by shattered rock. All these things can slow them down, but cannot stop them. For it is in the nature of the beast to follow the rhythms and tides of the seasons. They cannot do otherwise. Baer and Cosh nodded, reassured by this piece of wisdom.
A beast without memory is no beast at all. But were they born with the memory or was it something they learned? How could that be figured out? Chaiko mused to himself, his inquisitive mind nibbling at the edge of a new puzzle he had just stumbled upon. Baer, however, needed answers now.
Then youre sure that they will be back? On this point he wanted absolute clarity. Though he understood what Chaiko had said, he wanted Chaiko to refocus fully on this matter, even hoping to elicit more ideas from him.
Chaiko looked at him and nodded. Does a river search out a new path each year? but half his mind was still on something else. His assurance was enough for Cosh, who had grown to respect Chaikos abilities, but Baer wanted more. Could they have died out, killed by the earthquake, the fire or the drought?
Cosh sucked in his breath and waited, suddenly tense again. Chaiko sighed deeply but turned his attention back to the topic. An individual might die, he answered, but not the whole of its kind. Even a half can die but not the whole. Something always survives, as you survived in the hills and I on the plain. The clan had survived the great fire by escaping into the hills, while Chaiko had found refuge in the river which then carried him far from his clan. Dawn had also survived by herself. In fact, survival was the nature of both man and beast. Often life hung on by a thread, yet insisted upon it and clung to it. Like a spider to a spider web, looking flimsy but, for its purpose, more than adequate.
Should then we expect fewer numbers? Baer asked, wanting to consider everything.
Chaiko chewed on a grass stalk, lost in thought. That seems reasonable. Yes, we should expect fewer. Some would have died in the quake, some in the fire, and some in the drought. I dont think many calves could have survived the hardship of last year. In the coming years we will miss the loss of that generation.
Would there be enough for the clan to live on? The whole clan? Baer drilled his brother. He had his own thoughts, but wanted to know Chaikos.
I do not know, his brother replied. There are about twenty of the hunted for every hunter. Maybe thirty grass-eaters for every wolf, cougar or bear. But it is man who kills more than he eats; most he stores away for winter; some he kills for its skin, even for its color. How many would that make? We shall have to see how many will come. He could guess, but then there were only varying degrees of certainty.
Baer got up, the two followed and they went to the edge to look again to the south-west. The sun was higher in the sky and shone down into the haze, illuminating it, making it harder to penetrate because of the glow. Gusts of wind played on the slopes and tore holes in the white curtain, but the distance remained impenetrable to their eyes. Finally Baer shrugged. We shall wait until it lifts. He looked at Cosh for any suggestion, after all he was the lead scout. Cosh nodded; as always he was ready to follow or do wherever Baer suggested. The three returned to the cave.
Tanya looked at Baer and arched her eyebrows questioningly, but he merely shrugged his shoulders. Dawn holding the baby looked at Chaiko, trying to read the expression on his face, but the look of those half-hooded eyes was carefully blank too blank, like a mask. She nonetheless recognized that expression; he was thinking naughty thoughts, and she reddened. In broad daylight no less, she fumed to herself, with everyone about and a baby to take care of. Does he not see that they could not leave the baby alone to search out some privacy in the forest or on the river bank? Men, they are always thinking of themselves only! Her mind suddenly flashed back to their early days and nights of pleasure, when she could not get enough of his attentions. A flush of longing for those days coursed through her and a feathery feeling filled her stomach. It was spring after all. Maybe tonight when the others are asleep, she whispered, her blue eyes sparkling with promise and he nodded.
Dawn turned her attention back to the baby. Was there ever a cuter, more perfect child anywhere, anytime before? Surely not, she thought with pride. With a finger she gently touched his palm and immediately his chubby little hand closed upon her finger. She shook her hand lightly, but he would not let go. She pulled a little harder, but still he resisted. The eyes of mother and son met, and she could not help it, she smiled her love and pride and he smiled back with that silly wide expression of total joy that lit up his face and melted his mothers heart. It was a new expression for him which he was practicing. Dawn could not get enough of it. Look, Kaiko, look. Look at your son, she called to her mate as if there were no more important thing in the world than this moment between a parent and child. Chaiko obliged, turned and looked at his son. Yael waved his arms with enthusiasm, burped, and bubbles of white froth spilled from his mouth.
Oh, you little fountain, Dawn cooed, and wiped his mouth with a soft piece of chamois. Next you will be spouting from the other end.
She lowered her head and pasted a noisy kiss on his chest. Yael chortled in delight, his chubby little arms waving and his curled up legs kicking from the pleasure he experienced. His sounds were becoming more varied and expressive. The smile on his face also grew more differentiated, and Dawn drank in every nuance of it. It never seemed to tire her. Look, look, she would call, and Chaiko would dutifully look again at his son wriggling with enjoyment, basking in the full attention of his parents. But even pleasure was exhausting. Yaels movements slowed, his eyes closed and he was asleep. Dawn felt a sweet disappointment flood through her from being deprived of the joy on his face, akin to the coolness and the loss of radiance one feels when the sun hides behind a cloud. Were there any feelings more precious than the ones between mother and child? Dawn mused, content.
Around this family idyll, the life of the cave flowed on. Over the winter, Crow and Lana had become inseparable. Her liking of him had deepened and there was never any question of his feelings for her, not since the fire when he had dared to declare himself. Around them, Ido, her closest friend, felt awkward and shut out of this relationship. It was not that they tried to exclude her; in fact they tried to draw her in, but could not share with her the same intensity that they had for each other. Indeed, Crow and Lana were a happy combination, neither oppressed by memories nor by great concerns for the future. For both the present was enough.
Shy by only a few moons of twelve, Lanas body had developed, curves filling out the straight lines. Inside she had changed too. She felt light of mood, prone to ringing laughter and filled with an unquenchable optimism. There was a fever growing inside her that barely let her sleep, so eager was she for each day, for each measure of time she could spend with Crow. She touched him gently, hugged his neck and badgered him to carry her, or sweep her up in his arms, which he gladly did. Each contact was electric, coursing through the whole of her body with a lingering after-touch. She could not get enough of these feelings and was constantly after him. Sometimes the intensity so overwhelmed her that she thought she would swoon with pleasure and delight. These new feelings were so powerful that she worried that she was becoming sick, but her mother reassured her that it was part of growing up. Tanya did not tell her how fortunate she was in having the ability to enjoy even a simple touch to such an extent. Oh, to be young again, Tanya thought at those times.
Crow, having struggled with these feelings and yearnings longer than she, had himself under better control. He could therefore indulge her need for exploration but was careful never to let it get out of hand. Still, there were times when he had to run away from the intensity of feelings and sensations her play aroused in him. This puzzled her. Why should one run from pleasure? Ido was too inexperienced to help her and sometimes Lana was reluctant to confide in her mother, wanting to keep these precious moments to herself alone. She became more possessive of Crow, demanding his time and all his attention, but she also rewarded him with a caress, a tender kiss, a hug that melted into him. Sometimes he had to struggle for breath, so easily could she take it away. Noticing this, she would laugh delightedly and its ring would echo in the cave causing everyone to look.
When Ido asked, How can you toy with him so lightly? Lana looked puzzled at her friend and replied offhandedly, Crow likes to play. Go ask him if he doesnt. Ido, who would have loved to command so much attention, envied her but disapproved of her friends teasing of Crow and the way she ordered him around. Lana seemed to be so lighthearted. Here, then someplace else again. When Ido would have a man after her, she would treat him right, she promised herself. At the present there was only Makar; she pulled a face, he was such a ... a lump. He had the personality of a rabbit, hopping first this way then that. Anything to make people laugh. She did not like having him hop after her.
Around the fire, Tanya and Ile were also exploring this situation. With spring here we can expect Tusk back soon with the rest of the clan, Tanya offered.
It cannot happen soon enough for me, Tanya. Makar has been after Ido, and for all his joking, he can barely amuse her. Ile shared in her daughters disdain for the youth. Hes always underfoot. I cant take two steps without stumbling over him and his jokes. We cant eat jokes, I tell him. I dont know how Ido can put up with him.
Tanya looked with sympathy at her friend, but she also felt for Makar. The poor youth is trying so hard, she thought. Growing up without parents can be so devastating. Emma has been taking care of him all these years, but she isnt his mother and does not try to be. Aloud she said, At least you have laughter around your hearth, she commented, trying to find something positive about the situation.
Laughter? Well, listen to this, her friend reacted. What did the hunter say to the brown bear he had followed all day and all night when he finally caught up to him? She paused, then, Here, you dropped this. Now I ask you, is that really funny?
Tanya clucked her tongue in sympathy, but even though it was not funny, she had to fight to keep her laughter down and not risk offending her friend. She quickly looked away for something to distract her from exploding with suppressed laughter. She saw Chaiko look at Dawn with yearning in his eyes though he sought to hide it, and Dawn appeared to overlook it. Ah, spring, Tanya murmured, casting an unconscious look toward Baer who was still talking with Cosh. But my mate will not have any other thoughts until the herds are spotted. She cast another look around and found Lana and Ido weaving a garland of dried flowers into Crows hair, who indulged them patiently. She frowned lightly; her daughter had better learn that Crow was not a plaything.
By midday the sunshine had real warmth and people gratefully shed some of their coverings. The mist still hid the valley, only the tops of the hills standing out like islands in the midst of a white lake, but under the suns warmth the mist was thinning away rapidly. Baer, Cosh and Tanya were looking down as the tree tops emerged, then more and more of the land appeared as if after winter snows melting. But there were no herds to be seen anywhere. Soon only the hollows and the twist of the river were hidden by the swirling white smoke, so the watchers had to give up all hope this day of seeing bison herds dot the land.
Baer looked around and asked, Wheres Chaiko?
Tanya gave him a peculiar look. Yearning.
Yearning? he asked, surprised.
Yes, yearning. Pining for a soft look and a tender touch, I expect, Tanya said, with a provocative look of her own.
Now what got into Chaiko to make him so frisky? This morning he could barely contain himself. But then he shrugged. No male was likely to involve himself in another males pleasures. He looked at Tanya with light suspicion, recognizing that look in spite of the innocent face she presented. Hrump. He cleared his throat.
Baer went back to the fire that was smoking lightly and was soon joined by Cosh. With no herds in sight they took stock of what they still had: a cairn and a half of meat, and a stack of dried fish that Chaiko had caught in the river. Some grain, some vegetables and a few berries.
Cosh was estimating. The game that found shelter from the fire here was enough to see us through the winter, but when snow fell, the rest wandered off, dispersed over the plain. It will be harder hunting them spread thin as they are.
A little later Chaiko turned up. He had gone to Crooked-Bend on a nearby creek to cut down the sapling he had marked last year. It was straight and stiff and promised to turn into an excellent spear. As he sat down he nodded pleasantly to the others.
Saw a Kingfisher strike into the water at Crooked-Bend and pull a fair-sized whitefish from the water. It could hardly fly with such a heavy load and the fish very nearly twisted out of its beak. The fish sometimes liked to lie just beneath the surface, sunning themselves, enjoying the warmth of the upper layers. There were four more birds cruising in the sky. The others nodded in understanding at the allusion of abundance.
Chaiko took the news of no sightings calmly. Tomorrow, he said, dismissing their worries optimistically. Baer suppressed a flash of irritation at his younger brothers lack of concern and swallowed back a dry comment or two. Seeing that little could be accomplished that day, Baer dismissed their meeting. He did not want to sit there glumly brooding, especially when his brother appeared so relaxed and casual. Each went to his own fire.
Dawn was playing with the baby again. He was flat on his back, arms and legs waving in the air, as Dawn tickled him with a feather. Delighted chuckles and gurgles bubbled from his mouth. His face was distorted in the joy of her attention. Her face reflected his joy, in a totally unabashed way that people reserved only for babies. As Chaikos shadow fell upon them, she looked up, her face becoming guarded to cover her bliss. No herds, was all he said as he sat down heavily on the other side of the fire, folding his wooden leg under him. He reached for the piece of wood he had been working on and ran his hand over its familiar contours. The dense grain was smooth and felt good in his grip. The balance felt right as well. For him there was always a sense of great satisfaction in handling a well-made item. This was to be another Falcon to add to the many he had made over the past winter in anticipation of the demand that would come when the rest of the clan was reunited with them. Where are you Tusk? he asked, the vision of the big hunter clear in his mind. He held the picture, and thought well of him, willing good for him and for the group he led. He was not inclined to be spiritual, or to search for magical solutions; nonetheless he believed that wish-thoughts had the power to help. In the optimism that he was feeling, his wish-thoughts were exceptionally positive. He stole a glance at Dawn. She was still playing with the baby, but feeling his gaze upon her she looked up at him, and for different reasons both averted their eyes. She can read my thoughts, he commented to himself, disquieted yet reassured at the same time by that possibility. She spends much too much time with Yael, playing and teasing him. How can he grow up to be a hunter if she so pampers him with attention? He will prefer the company of women rather than the rough company of men where he belongs, Chaiko grumbled to himself.
Dawn had indeed read his mood, if not his exact thoughts. She felt his unvoiced disapproval of her spending so much of her time on the baby. Surely, he cannot be jealous of the baby? Of his own son? Yael was such a good-natured boy; he hardly cried and almost never made a fuss. And he was so ready to play, to smile and to laugh. There was nothing so rewarding as a babys laughter. Could he not hear that? How could he close his ears to it? If sunlight were to turn to sound, it would surely sound like a babys laughter! All her maternal instincts roused, she shielded her baby with her own body, as if she were a lioness protecting her cubs from the moods of the father lion.
Chaiko noticed immediately the change in her body posture and protested silently to himself. No, it was not you coming between the baby and me, but you allowing the baby to come between us. But how was one to tell a mother that? He lifted his eyes toward the skies in silent supplication.
The sky was a clear blue that suggested the cool air above, but at ground level it was pleasantly warm. People who had nothing to do basked gratefully in the sunshine. The morning passed in waiting to see what the mist hid and without instructions, people wandered in and out on various tasks of their own. The more industrious collected firewood from branches broken by the weight of winter snow or gathered dried long-grass for weaving. Most stayed close to the cave. There was to be no hunting without some word from the leaders.
Makar was helping Emma to freshen up their bed places with some clean sand and fresh pine needles. Emma looked a little older as she had suffered through the winter with a lingering cough that her herbal medicines could not quell. It was not until milder weather arrived that she could get rid of the congestion in her lungs. She still felt weak. She was afraid that she was developing the same condition that had killed old Uma the year before, weak lungs. Makar had quieted somewhat over the winter. He had set his sights on Ido, hoping to engage her attention before the rest of the clan returned and some other young man could displace him in her regard. He tried hard to suppress his impulsiveness that so easily got him into trouble. Ido was not flattered by his attentions to her; her feelings could never surmount the fact that the rest of the clan viewed him as a featherbrain. Thus, in spite of all his efforts at pleasing her, he never got more than a frosty response. It was to his credit that he persisted without becoming pushy.
Shortly after the evening meal, Crow came over and Chaiko looked at him in surprise, for it was unusual to see him alone of late. Chaiko searched out Lana at the other hearth, busy helping her mother put things away. He quickly appraised Crows expression and noted a slightly harried look about him. Lana looks happy, he observed, giving Crow an opening.
Yes, she is always happy, Crow admitted, but that was not what he wanted to talk about. But not because of me. She lets me play with her ... she shares her time with me, but she hides her heart. There was no reply to that, so Chaiko waited. Last year in the hills we were closer to one another. Last year we belonged to one another. I dont know what happened to change that. She still likes me, but ... I could be anybody ... He could go no further.
Chaiko hastened to reassure him, She is stretching her wings to see where they will take her, like a young bird that has just learned to fly. She needs to find out how high she can fly and what she can see from there. To choose you, dear friend, first she has to have a choice to select from. He squirmed with dissatisfaction; the words sounded stilted and distant.
There is Makar ... Crow said, unconvinced himself. Both knew that Lana was fond enough of Makar for all his antics, but never thought of him in any romantic context. That idea she would find hugely amusing.
To find out who is taller, you first have to stand next to him. Now I know that you are the most suitable for her, but she has to see it for herself. You already have her friendship ...
She wants more, Crow agonized. What else could he give her beside his heart, his life?
To find our place in life, each of us must look first. She is looking, Chaiko said simply. It was not the answer Crow wanted to hear and downcast, he left. Chaiko felt annoyed with himself. He had not handled that well. The stiff and formal phrases neither consoled nor reassured. It was much easier to be a shaman from a distance and not get involved in peoples troubles. He wondered if he should have told him to be less available to Lana, maybe then she would worry about him for a change. No, he decided, it was not Crows nature to withhold. Let the two work it out for themselves. To gain something you must risk losing it. But would you be so complacent if it were Dawn and you facing the same situation? Probably not, he grimaced to himself.
He and Crow were of the same age and if it werent for the River of Rocks that took his leg, Chaiko would have been a copy of him, consumed by common things in life instead of wrestling with the problems of the whole clan as a shaman. Sometimes, it burst upon him in a flash how much he had changed because of his injury that had set him apart from the rest, made him thoughtful and self-reliant. Looking from this end of his experience, perhaps a loss of leg wasnt such a high price to pay for the wisdom it fostered. He shrugged; life found its own momentum.
Absently he rubbed his neck, then sorted the strings hanging there: one for Bogans tell-mark; one for the bone flute of the stranger; one for the warthogs yellow tusks to remind him how close he had come to death, and one for the bag of his year-stones. He realized with a sudden shock that another year had passed and it was time to start looking for a new stone for his fifteenth year. At fifteen, he felt old, because of the responsibility he carried for his people and the weight of wisdom that was required of him. Samar was not a true shaman and neither was he, but he would have to act like one, for the clan had no other.

Chapter 2
The following four days brought little change. Each morning after the fog lifted they still saw no signs of the expected herds. A watch was mounted to the southwest but the approaches remained empty. It appeared that the many wish-thoughts went unanswered. Baer, remembering the hunger in the hills, started to worry about it happening again. Furrows etched his brow and anxiety darkened his countenance. Tanya worried about him, as well as all the others, for she too remembered the desperate search for food and the growing helplessness in the hills. How hard it must be for a man to struggle against nature, she mused, something that he could not compel with his weapons and strength.
Chaiko strove to keep his mind clear. The people needed the strength of his ideas not the weakness of his fears. He held that hope was a better counselor than despair. Fear was at times useful as a whip, to compel them to some action, but deeds rooted in hope were his preferred choice. It was much harder to convince others of this viewpoint. Still, as their shaman, he was in a good position to exercise influence and filled the role naturally, for like his brother, he never questioned the responsibility of leadershiphe simply accepted it. Others turned to him because there was a very real need for them to do so, and he had the reputation of being proficient in the art and power of magic. What better recommendation for the post?
Cosh was generally unworried about the future. Worrying was not a part of his personality. Yet as chief scout he felt responsible for finding the herds the clan so badly needed. Day after day the emptiness ate at him and in some manner he blamed himself. What must I do? he pleaded with Chaiko, as if it all depended on him.
You can do no worse than your best, Chaiko told him cryptically, intending to break through the mans sense of self-condemnation, but knew it was not enough, not even for Cosh. Does a scout see what is there or what he wants to see? Cosh shrugged his shoulders, there had to be bison somewhere. Can you hold up the sun and not be burned? Chaiko almost yelled at him to shake him loose from his obsession. Well, neither can you spawn bison when no beasts are there!
Use your magic. People say you have magic, so use it, Cosh implored him. Do not wait until hunger claws our bellies and our stomachs growl as the rest of our bodies melt away. The famine in the hills had marked him too. He remembered all too well the loose skin folds sagging like an emptying bag, the hollow eyes devoid of hope.
Crow was even more emphatic. Use magic! You know how. Use it! Do not let hunger steal upon us, day by day. He was fighting for his happiness, well remembering the misery of hunger that had robbed them first of desire, then of vitality and finally even of hope. It was unfair that once again his best years were being threatened by looming hunger.
Chaiko had no ready answer for them. For their sake he wished he had the power to do as they asked. He sat on the crown of the hill facing southwest and called to the bison herds, Come. The grass is green again and tender. The waters are cool and fresh flowing under the shade of trees. There are soft places to lie down on. There is clean sand to roll in, soft mud to wallow in. There is the smell of sunshine on the leaves and the wind plays among the grasses. Follow the tracks you have made; let them lead you as they have year after year. Come! Your destiny calls you home...
It was not that he believed overly in calling animals or casting spells, but he did know enough not to disbelieve it either. He reasoned that in any case it looked good to the rest of the clan to see him exercising the age-old calling of a shaman. So he called, casting wish-thoughts on their way, and though it comforted the rest to watch him, it felt hollow, not easing him any. Still he could see no harm in it as the wishing focused his intent on the desired outcome. Only to Baer and Dawn did he confess that he had no magic powers to change the path fate had in store for them. Baer nodded in understanding, but it increased his worries. Dawn nodded because she was his mate, what worried him, worried her.
Alone again, Chaiko sat by his fire, staring into the drift of smoke. He recalled the time when he was just a cripple, how hard he had tried to be useful to the clan in any way he could think. Still, hed had no status or respect; his contributions went largely unnoticed. Now, as a shaman, something he had not asked for, he had too much respect and too many demands on him. How could he convince people that he had no magic, not even any real spiritual awareness? That he had only his thoughts to work with, to find solutions. And yet it was the cripple who had taught him to look, listen and to think.
As was his habit, when deep in a stream of thoughts, his fingers played with the items hanging around his neck: the bag of year stones, the bone flute, the warthog tusk and Bogans tell-mark. He wondered if Bogan ever felt overinflated by peoples expectations. No, Bogan was truly wise: he must have crossed the Rainbow Gate, there was no other explanation.
Absently he blew into the flute, playing a four-finger melody. The flute had belonged to the stranger who had camped on clan land last year, got caught by the firestorm, and perished. Chaiko and Dawn had buried what little was left of him. It was still a puzzle as to who he was and what he was doing there. The flint and the flute were the only clues left of him, and Chaiko called him Yellow-Flint after the strange color of the stone.
Chaiko blew into the flute, remembering Crier-Bird. The sound intrigued him and after finding a suitable piece of reed, he made a simple, one-hole copy. Testing it, he produced a shrill sound that echoed through the cave. Sounds like the cry of a falcon, he said to himself. Binding the reed to a talon, he shot and the talon screamed with the fierce call of a falcon. Chaiko was pleased, he had found a voice for his talons.

The weather continued to be mild, the sun a little warmer every day. A few short showers watered the earth, the combination of sunlight and moisture turning the land a lush green. Fresh shoots pushed through the tangle of old growth that had protected the seed from the harshness of winter. Even some of the fire-damaged trees in the burned zone sprang new shoots, and the buds unfolded into young leaves. The first flowers appeared. Birds swooped up into the air after the clouds of insects. The land was manifesting its resiliency. It seemed that only the herds were missing.
Must we move again? Cosh asked Baer, afraid of his answer. Where to? Baer shrugged his shoulders and looked at Chaiko. But Chaiko had no answer for him. That morning they had opened the last storage cairn that had food enough for about a moon and a little more. They needed to replenish their dwindled supplies. Baer was eating himself with anxiety for their future. Still, Chaiko refused to worry. Though by nature he was a worrier in that he spent more time thinking about the future than about the present, he refused to give in to the despair the worry pointed to. The three sat in silence, each lost in thought as the smoke swirled about them, the voices of the others in the cave sounding carefree compared to their mood. Finally, Baer roused himself and sent Cosh with Crow and Makar on a sweep of the plain to the north to hunt whatever they came across, but also to take a good look at the animals with which they shared the plains. If the herds did not arrive, then they must live on these, mostly deer and a few horse-like creatures. Glad to be doing something active, Cosh collected the two young men then departed, heading north. Baer went back to Tanya and the two talked quietly; she tried to calm the fears that his frozen face hid from the others but not from her.
Each spring the herds have returned and because of their numbers the Standing-Rock Clan has flourished. They are already late, and there is still no sign of them. What would the clan do without them? He fingered the soft fur he was sitting on and thought there was no animal more vital or useful than the bison. But for that very reason, the clan had become dependent on them and now found itself so vulnerable. We would have to hunt for deer and rabbits, I suppose, he added dejectedly.
It will not come to that, Tanya said quietly. She did not try to gainsay him and risk pushing him into an even more pessimistic mood. Besides, she had concerns of her own. Lana was growing up much too quickly; her body was changing, but her attitudes were slow to change with it. She now had the body of a woman with sensuality and yearning awakened, but like the child she still was, she knew only to play with it. That girl was heading for trouble, she cautioned herself, and did not know it yet.
Chaiko went down to the river and walked along its bank. The silver flashes below the surface told him of fish in the water, and he was glad to see such numbers in the pools and in the currents. There was also an abundance of frogs among the reeds, diving into the water as he neared them. Further on, where the river opened up into a sizeable pond, he was pleased to note a large variety of waterfowls. Moreover, tracks in the soft soil of the path along the waters edge showed prints of diverse small game, small but certainly edible. With some reasonable growth of greens and fruits they would not starve. But how to convince hunters to hunt frogs? He would have to convince himself, if need be, to eat grubs; he shuddered at such unpleasant prospects.
Returning to his fire, he sat sunken into himself, concentrating on the problem the clan faced. There seemed no way out of the dilemma. To survive with any level of comfort, they needed the herds. They might survive without them, but the following winter would be very, very long indeed. Dawn came and gave him Yael to hold so that she could run off to do something womanish with Tanya and Ile. She did not tell him what. The baby squirmed in his arms and complained, perhaps sensing that his sunshine had gone behind a cloud and he was left to face the cold. He vented his disappointment in a loud wail. Chaiko fumed. Was this any way to treat the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, simply dumping a child in his arms? The baby spit up a mouthful of milk and Chaiko had to clean it up. But then he reminded himself that at one time he too was as small and helpless, and that babies soon grow up to be men. So he softened his mind, cradled his boy to his chest and hummed a deep note that resonated comfortingly between them, chest to chest. Rocking back and forth, the baby was soon asleep. Yaels weight in his arms was negligible, but not so the burden of the responsibility he owed to his son. Suddenly, he was infused with the awareness that he was holding his own future in his hands, and it was up to him to protect that. Once again he was back at the problem facing them.
At another fire, the women sat together weaving grass mats for which there was always great need. Since Crow had gone, Lana was in evidence, and close to her was Ido. Tanya was discussing their situation in calm tones. The bison have not come back. Last year they were turned by the earthquake, the drought and by the fire. What can be keeping them?
Could they have forgotten the way? Ile wanted to know. They paused to think that over.
Chaiko says its their nature to follow their path and because of that they will be back, Dawn contributed. She wondered if the elk had returned for her people to migrate to the summer grazing grounds. She hoped so, but her past life seemed so far away. She had learned another language meanwhile, and now she was of the Standing-Rock Clan. Mated to the shaman of the clan, she thought with some pride. Does that make me a shamaness?
They will be back, Emma said with an easy assurance, not thinking too deeply. The alternative seemed too horrible to be possible; hunger again as in the hills, hollowed-eyed, empty-stomach hunger that killed the appetite but fed the longing. No, no, the herds will be back.
Have you seen any rhubarb about? Tanya asked in all sincerity. Iles eyes widened in surprise, and she winced as the memory of the bitter-sour taste filled her mouth. Surely things cannot be so bad that they must already look for rhubarb. Seeing her reaction, Tanya burst out laughing, and one by one they all joined in, even Ido who was the shyest.
You should see ... Cosh turn his mouth down ... at the mere mention of rhubarb ... Ile had difficulty getting the sentence out between spasms of laughter. Emma was shaking with mirth, her hand covering her mouth to hide some missing teeth. The bell-like laughter was Lanas, of course. Ido merely shook silently to some inner rhythm. The waves of laughter were slow to subside. They had needed that laughter, Dawn thought gratefully. Ah yah, rhubarb!
If meat will be scarce, we must find more seeds and roots, Dawn suggested thoughtfully.
Eggs. Lots of eggs, Tanya put in.
Mushrooms are good when theres no meat, Emma added to their list.
Nuts, Lana chirped in, wanting to help.
Tanya lowered the mat into her lap, looked at her daughter and gently reminded her, Nuts will not be ready until fall. But you girls can find lots of berries.
Both girls brightened at the suggestion. Ido knew all the spots to find strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries, just leave it to her.
Dawn was still thoughtful, Chaiko is good at catching fish. Maybe Crow should learn too. She looked pointedly at Lana, who merely shrugged her shoulders. The two were only a few years apart, Dawn sixteen and Lana twelve, but they seemed ages apart in experience and maturity. Lana had a freshness that innocence lent her, Dawn a poise that few could match. Neither was beautiful in the strictest sense, but there was so much inner quality to their faces, such lively, expressive countenances that beauty was ascribed to them both. With Dawn, it was hard to look past those clear blue eyes.
There are last years apples on the southern slope of Round-Top. They are winter dry, but still quite tasty, Ile said in her quiet way, And same with grapes.
Tanya was encouraged. From all their suggestions she could see that they could survive even if the herds did not show. Still those hungry moons in the hills had left their mark on them all. Emma took the girls to her fire to show them how to braid cord with a double strand weave, one reinforcing the other.
After the three left, Tanya confided, Baer is burning his head up, using an expression that meant to worry to the extreme. Cosh too, Ile was quick to add. This took the others by surprise; Cosh worries? He worries about Baer, Ile explained. Oh! Then the women looked at Dawn to find out what Chaiko was thinking, but she took her time to find an answer. What was the turtle thinking? she asked herself with a tinge of guilt that she actually did not know. Maybe she was losing herself in Yael, she thought, with a shock of realization. Chaiko is not worried, but I do not know why not. Both women looked at her, taken aback at this surprising admission. Who should know better than a mate? Tanya and Ile exchanged quick looks which Dawn noticed, becoming angry at herself for giving them this opening. But then she relaxed; they were her closest friends and allies.
Meanwhile Baer joined Chaiko, and seeing the father play with his son eased the worry lines on his face for a moment. He recalled how much, not that long ago, he had wished for his crippled brother this very thing, family, happiness, status and a future he now held in his arms. Perhaps he should see in this the sign of all their futures, that regardless of any eventuality, the clan would survive and thrive. He remembered his own happiness and optimism at holding Lana in his arms.
There was a shout from outside that drew all eyes there. It was Lana, looking down into the valley pointing. The herds! Bison! flashed through Baers mind. But she was pointing northeast. Cosh? All hurried over and following her arm, found two figures sprinting in the distance. Crow and Makar. What could that mean? The two were obviously racing one another, but why? Where was Cosh? Was he all right? They all tried to read their own reasons into the behavior of the runners. Crow was in the lead, but not by much, vaulting rocks and bushes. Chaiko had a familiar feeling, then a flashback to the desperate sprint last year by Crow to reach him and warn him of an approaching fire. Involuntarily he looked to the west searching for a curtain of smoke there. He shook the vision from his mind, but there were goose bumps all over his skin.
Crow, first to reach the bottom of the cave-hill, took a route uphill heedless of difficulty. Chaiko clucked his tongue disapprovingly of his friends careless disdain for all obstacles. Come on, Makar, Lana yelled spurring on the competition. The two were obviously laboring, driving themselves up the path at a punishing pace. Finally they were almost within reach. What is it? yelled Emma to her son, but Crow had other uses for his breath. Makar was in no better shape, winded and gasping.
Crow reached them and collapsed, his face red and sweating, his chest heaving. Makar arrived and likewise collapsed, leaving the onlookers infuriated, stewing in their impatience. The two runners were spent, their sides heaving like fish out of water. Cosh? Ile pushed herself to the fore, a worried expression on her face. Both shook their head no. Crow pointed to the northeast. Herds? Baer asked to eliminate that possibility. Both shook their heads again. It was Tanya who asked next, Tusk? This time both responded by furious nods of affirmation. Tusk! At last! The watchers rushed to the rim and looked hungrily to the northeast. There was nothing to be seen yet.
A little later when the two finally caught their breath, Crow was able to report that while they were scouting northeast of the river, they had run across Gill and Kray. The two had ranged ahead of Tusks main group to find the next standing-stone to lead them on. Cosh had decided to stay to guide them in, but sent his younger companions back with the news of Tusks return. Makar did a credible imitation of Cosh, Let the cave know that the clan of Standing-Rock is almost home, then swaggered about, which was never a part of Cosh, though it raised a few smiles and even a chortle from Ile.
This was big news! Tusk approaching with the rest! The clan was about to be reunited! Joy instantly filled the excitement, and curiosity heightened their anticipation. The people were hungry for any tidbit of information. Crow and Makar were now deluged with questions. What else did they say? How was Tusk? Kor? They had no answers, for they were so caught up in being the first to bring this glad news that they had not stayed to learn the details. All they could say was that Gill and Kray looked just the same. Emma wanted to know more and interrogated each, but could not extract anything new from them. Why do you have eyes and ears but do not use them? Have you no tongues to ask? she remonstrated with them. Sheepishly they shook their heads.
People waited by the edge, searching for the first sign of their coming. Alerted by a flight of birds that took to the air, then a short time later by another flock, the watchers grew more excited. People rushed to the best vantage points, peering into the distance. But it was Ido who first cried out at sight of them; a group strung out in an extended line, too far away for anyone to make out much detail. It seemed to the watchers that the line moved excruciatingly slowly, and their hunger to be reunited grew even more frustrated.
Finally the figures took on personality, and people yelled out joyously as they recognized each one. Cosh was in the lead, as was to be expected, showing them the way. Then the rest: Tusk in the forefront with the hunters, then women and children, then more men. The group reached the foot of the cave-hill, paused, and at Coshs pointing, looked up. The two groups waved to each other, filling the distance between them with glad shouting.
As the group below started up, the group above started down. They met midway in a swirl of happy confusion. There was a strange young man escorting the women, led by Calla and Nebu. Yaya came heavily with her children Sosa and Tay. Walking beside Ela came a strange young girl. Then came Rea bent under a heavy load, Malek carrying spears, and Kray. Last to come was Stow, carrying a bundle of furs. Burdens were cast aside and the two groups merged into one.
Baer grabbed Tusk and gave the larger man a bear hug. To have him back with all the rest of the clan was an enormous relief for Baer. His heart felt suddenly light, unburdened of this great worry. Tusk had a wide grin on his face that did not want to go away. People had to take a second look; they were not used to seeing him so radiant. Tael pressed through the crowd to present himself to Baer. The leader of the clan reached out a hand and took the younger man by the shoulders in greeting. Calla searched out Tanya and launched immediately into an accounting of their status and condition, returning authority to the headwoman. Tanya gave her but half an ear as she greeted the remaining women. Ela had tears in her eyes as she hugged Tanya and then Ile. Yaya was pregnant again and Emma hurried to her side solicitously. The strange girl, introduced as Ulla of the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan, was Stows new mate. She looked about timidly, making big round eyes at meeting the rest of her new clan. Daughter of Andor and Shila of the line of the Wolf, sister of Komar ... she timidly tried to recite her lineage in a formal introduction of herself but was lost in the hubbub of people. Welcome, Ulla of the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan, Tanya said, taking her hand and leading her aside to settle the girls obvious apprehension. Nebu stood shyly aside waiting for someone to notice and acknowledge her. Unperturbed, Kray stood at the edge of all this, waiting for some order to form out of the mingling.
Kor, Gill and Rae hurried to Cosh and were soon engaged in loud greetings, each talking over the others voices. There was much laughter from sheer joy. Stow grabbed Crow and Makar and they all tried to talk. After such a long separation people bubbled with the pent-up pleasure of meeting again.
The two groups had melted fully into one another. Chaiko with Dawn holding the baby stood about a spears-throw up the slope quietly waiting for the excitement to consume itself. He alone realized that the new group would expect him to be dead, so he maintained his distance. Dawn felt slightly uneasy at the arrival of these strangers. Suddenly her home was being invaded all over again and her feeling of belonging to the clan suddenly evaporated. She was unsettled by the thought that she must prove herself yet again.
It was Tusk who first noticed. Who are they? he asked pointing. Baer replied simply, Chaiko.
Chaiko!? Tusk asked stupidly. Chaiko is dead. Died in the fire...
Chaikos name spoken aloud created a hole in the happy commotion. The new arrivals were stunned, and those greeting them were reminded of how incredulous they themselves had felt on being reunited with Chaiko. Chaiko? Tusk mumbled in confusion. He peered but did not recognize Chaiko in the erect figure standing there. So totally was the memory of Chaiko fused in his mind with a cripple that even the familiar face could not overpower it. Chaiko? echoed all around.
Suddenly a new wave of sound built as the greeters hurried to reassure the new arrivals that it was true. It really is Chaiko ... he survived the fire ... that is Dawn with him, his mate he found on the plain ... she is a bird spirit ... he is a magician ... a shaman ... But by then Chaiko was among them. He first greeted Tusk who still looked dumbfounded at the sight of him. Of all the expectations he had built up, from best to worst in what he was going to find, this outcome he never would have imagined.
Malek the painter, who was used to looking beyond the surfaces at inner substance, was the first to really recognize Chaiko, and now hurried over to greet him properly. He hugged and slapped him on the back. Soon Chaiko was surrounded by people celebrating his return. But how should they greet someone they thought long dead? With tears of course. So not a few were shed by the new arrivals and even by the greeters reliving their own astonishment at Chaikos resurrection.
It was nine-year-old Ruba who first noticed Chaikos wooden leg and drew attention to it. A new round of astonishment swept the crowd. He grew it ... He is a magician ... Of course not, he made it of wood ...
It was Tanya who with her arms around Dawn and Yael introduced them to the rest of the clan. This is the mate of Chaiko. Dawn is her name. She is daughter to the People-of-the-Elk who live farther to the west. In her arms is Yael, son of Chaiko. She spoke happily, proud as well to show an increase to their numbers. Dawn was quiet, assuming the calm dignity that so befit her. The new women soon collected about her, curious, as she smiled at them disarmingly.
Tusk, recovered somewhat from his astonishment, formally introduced Ulla and Chandar of the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan. Ulla was Stows mate. Chandar, a good-looking young man seeking new grounds to explore, had come on his own. Welcome. You are welcome, came in chorus all around and the happy excitement built up again.
At a short word from Baer, the baggage was collected and the procession continued uphill. Tusk looked appraisingly at Baer; he seemed to have recovered his strength and health. At the time they parted, Baer had been weak and despondent. I am glad to see you so well, he said.
And I you, replied Baer. He was feeling good. Heated up by the emotions of this reunion, he felt complete, as his clan was now fully reunited. There were more problems to face, but they would face them together; right now it was time to celebrate. Tusk kept looking over at Chaiko, still half disbelieving. But how did he escape the fire, when Crow barely made it to safety? Baer quickly filled him in.
The clan crested the hill to the open plateau in front of the cave. The new arrivals looked appreciatively around. This, their new home, was a spacious, well favored cave that they would need not share with anybody. The people of the Lesser-Bear-Claw had been more than hospitable to them, but they were still another clan.
More wood was piled on the fire and everyone quickly found a place to sit down. Many grins were exchanged and there was a great deal of mutual pounding of backs; people had missed each other, their identity had been foreshortened by the separation.
Baer stood and the clan quieted expectantly. Welcome back, all of you. Tusk, Kor ... and one by one he named them all, and had a smile for each, gladness radiating from his eyes. It is good for the Standing-Rock Clan to be together again. As a body misses its limbs, it is good to be whole again. There was a general murmur of agreement from all around. To the new people, we say welcome, Ulla, and welcome, Chandar. We share with you all that we have, and we stand with you as you stand with us. He paused to allow the rest to fill in their acceptance with nods and murmurs of affirmation. We wish also to make known to you Dawn, mate of Chaiko, and their son Yael. Let it be known to you our joy in them. There was happy applause again.
He is so cute! Ela exclaimed, marveling at the infants intent look, so reminiscent of his parents, his eyes alive with curiosity and interest. People nodded, happy to share even such a little thing as praise.
Baer continued, Tusk, my friend, last year when hunger hunted us in the hills and the food ran shorter and shorter, the clan was split because there was no other way. Because, sick as I was, I could not go, but trusted you to lead the clan to safety. Looking about I see you have done what was asked of you and I thank you from my heart. Welcome back, all. We have much to tell each other. He then told them of their story: the hunger and hopelessness in the hills and how Chaiko had found them; their shock at seeing him alive and mated; how Chaiko had led them here to this valley which had survived the ravages of the fire that had destroyed the rest of their world; how this cave had now become their home. The details of the story of course took much longer but everyone listened with rapt attention. Those who had experienced it were proud, proclaiming, I lived through all that. The new arrivals were spell-bound, especially by the story of the reunion with Chaiko, and they turned amazed eyes upon him. Finally Baer sat down. He did not mention Falcons, since he had decided to have a demonstration tomorrow.
Tusk then stood to tell his story. He was not an accomplished speaker for he thought of himself as a doer of things, but the honor belonged to him. He talked in bare sentences that left the listeners to fill in the details for themselves, so in large part, the story people heard depended on their own imaginations. Cosh found his tale too brief, while Baer found the same story gripping.
Tusk and his group had crossed the highland plain and the mountain range beyond. In the broad valley on the other side they had found the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan. They were welcomed with great sympathy and offered all possible assistance. Their cave was large enough to accommodate them all with ease. They, too, were experiencing a lean year, for the drought had reached them also, though not as harshly. The effects of the quake were milder and the storm that followed just a shadow of what the clan had experienced. And there had been no fire there to devour everything. They soon fell into the new rhythm of life, hunting over a wide range of land, mostly deer, antelope on the grasslands, and moose in the marshes and among the scrub-bush. In the mountains they hunted the sheep and the sure-footed goats. The plain, hemmed in by the mountains, was level with only a few trees that hid in narrow canyons carved out by the few rivers that crisscrossed the land. There was an abundance of seeds and roots but few nuts or berries.
The winter was long, filled with the tedium of waiting and worrying about what was happening to the rest of the clan left behind. Their hosts remained generous throughout, though tensions were slowly building between the two cave-bound groups. It was resented that the Standing-Rock people remained a close group unto themselves, respecting Tusks leadership above that of the caves. But Laars was a wise leader and when things were reaching a breaking point, he fostered the mating of Ulla and Stow who had been hot for each other. With the two groups now joined by blood-relation ties, the tensions eased and the remainder of their stay passed pleasantly. Still it was with relief when spring came, the land dried out with the mild weather, and they could start home.
On reaching the valleys of the hills at the old campsite they found the signs that Baers group had erected, pointing west toward the plain, and they followed the route marked by them until this morning, when they had run into Cosh. The story, simply told, simply ended there. Tusk sat down.
Murmurs followed the recounting; questions and answers flowed back and forth as the two groups sought to reaffirm that they were indeed one again. Only little Tay made big eyes at all these strangers who, nonetheless, looked familiar.
Tanya, Ile, Emma and Dawn passed some food around and for awhile there was relative quiet. But soon after, many conversations sprang up as people tried to catch up with each other. There was much laughter mixed with a few sad remembrances of Samar and Uma whom they had left buried in the hills. Someone asked, Wheres Simm? and the conversations paused for the answer. Self-importantly, Tael took on the reply: He is eating his way through the Lesser-Bear-Claw larder, at which everyone laughed, remembering how fond of food he was. He decided to stay there to spare himself the long journey back. Besides, he found an equally round mate there whose family was glad to have him for his lightness of heart. This gave a new impetus to the conversation. Chandar was content to stay quiet, just listening. Tanya and Ile flanked Ulla and made her feel welcome. She was soon laughing but kept looking at Baer, who was imposing again in his full vitality. She looked at Chaiko and his wooden leg, then at Dawn who was born to people she had never heard of before. As she slowly realized that the world was larger than she had ever imagined, she felt even smaller than her shyness predisposed her to. Her eyes grew round again and in their roundness refused to blink. Her neighbors found the effect disconcerting and had to look away.
With such diversions the day passed quickly. Tanya, as was her right, reorganized the cave to make places for all. This meant establishing new rights and was typically a difficult undertaking that required all her intuition and charm. But by evening the cave had changed, new boundaries having been set, and not surprisingly it felt more crowded. There was, however, ample room for everyone and remarkably, the new cave began to look and feel like the old cave.
Around the counsel fire sat Baer, Cosh, Chaiko and Tusk, much relieved that the clan was again whole. The only worrisome note was that, with the additional numbers, they had food reserves for perhaps two weeks, probably less. But the chief hunter of the clan was back, as were the rest of the hunters. They soon decided to mount a hunting expedition the next day to the southwest and perhaps spot the expected herds. Cosh would scout and Tusk would lead the hunters, just like old times. They smiled at each other. Baer, Chaiko and Crow would go the other way for deer, but failing that, Chaiko would teach them to fish in the river. Grateful to Tusk for the care he took of his clan, Baer had arranged this on purpose; he wanted Tusk to have the full honor undiminished by his chiefs presence on this hunt. Let Cosh show him the effectiveness of Falcon. Good hunting, Brothers of the Spear, as the main hunting society was known.
The stars were shining in the clear night sky when Chaiko returned to his hearth. He had some difficulty finding it since everyone had been moved to accommodate the additional people, and because he could not recognize Dawn under all the furs and robes in the faint flickering firelight. Finally it was Tanya who directed him to his place. Dawn shushed him, warning that Yael was already asleep and he had better not wake him. He settled next to her warmth and she moved closer to him. The excitement had not quite died down and the murmur of noises came from all around. He himself was restless, as if the added numbers had given him more to think about. Sleep stole upon him slowly that night. He dreamed of the earth shaking again and fire that filled the horizon. The reunion had reawakened some unwanted memories, but for a brief instant he saw his mother and his father young again, and he woke with a great longing for them. A late-rising moon just breached mid-sky and the air was clear and cold. He resisted going to the guard fire as had been his habit not so long ago. He was shaman now; the new people, even Tusk, viewed him with respect.

Chapter 3
Tusk was the first to rise in the dim light of the morning. The sky was clear, the air cold, his breath smoking. He walked to the guard fire, threw some wood on the heap of ashes then continued on to the brow of the hill to look at the countryside beyond. Of course. the lay of the land was new to him. But there was little to see, except for a few darker shape of trees looming out of the grayness of the morning mist.
He was grateful to be back and not have the sole responsibility for his group any more. He had been glad to return that authority to Baer. Consequently, he felt light-hearted and free again, free just to be a hunter, what he was best at. He had long given up his ambition to rule the clan, as he found thinking of the needs of other people too draining, often unrewarding, and not in his nature. When called upon, he would lead but with an effort, constantly having to remind himself that leading meant serving, like Baer. Well, that was over for now, he thought gratefully. He looked out onto the plain, still hidden with only the hilltops above the smoke of mist. The light was dawning in the east, and there were birds already stirring in the branches. He drew a deep breath through his nostrils, tasting the air but smelling only smoke. The day looked to be the same as yesterday, he concluded. He heard a small noise behind him and turned to find Baer and Cosh on their way to join him. He shook his head to show there was nothing to see, but they came anyway to peer into the grayness that blanketed the countryside. Baer expelled a long sigh; it would have been nice to see something and not be forced to wonder for half a day what the mist might hide.
The three returned to the council fire where Chaiko was already waiting for them, yawning and adjusting the tie that affixed his wooden leg. Tusk looked wonderingly at the fifteen-year-old he saw in front of him, but could not reconcile what he saw with the tales of wisdom, power and even magic that people spread about him. Yet, clearly, the man before him was not the cripple he remembered, not the invisible man he used to be. In fact he was more of a stranger than any stranger Tusk had ever meta man who had grown up within sight of him. How had he missed all that? Their eyes met, and Chaikos cleared instantly of sleepiness as his look seemed to penetrate the older man. Tusk shivered and believed all claims of magic made about him.
Ile and Dawn brought some dried meat for them to chew on, which they did dutifully, their minds on other things. Food was Baers first concern, and he quickly broached the topic. We have less than two weeks of food and that only by sharing out sparingly. He let the thought grow in their minds. The herds are not back. Everyone knew that of course, but it needed saying once again to synchronize their thoughts. No bison, no elk, no antelope has been sighted. He looked at Cosh, the lead scout, who shrugged his shoulders, feeling the blame in his heart, and answered, We saw a few deer ... in the distance. Everything is well dispersed ... They have the whole plain on which to roam, as the grass here is the same as elsewhere, perhaps even better in other places, because the fire burned off old growth and allowed fresh new grass to grow. The largest group of animals that we saw were seven deer going for a drink at Crayfish Creek and a small herd of horses on Turn-Around Trail.
Tusk pricked up his ears at the strange word. Even deer? Is that some kind of new deer?
Chaiko smiled at that. Cosh was momentarily confused by the question, but then introduced Tusk to the new counting words they had learned from Dawn. Seven. Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. He showed the count on his fingers.
Tusk remained unimpressed. We need more meat, not more words.
You are right, we cant eat words, Baer agreed with him, amused, but we have Falcon.
What is this Falcon I hear mentioned so often? Tusk now wanted to know.
Instead of answering, Cosh got up and returned shortly to place his Falcon into Tusks hands. He then gave him a couple of talons. Tusk frowned at the strangely-shaped wood whose ends were tied together with a taut string, turning it this way and that way in his grasp. He could make no sense of it. This was Falcon? The others watched him with anticipation, for they knew the discovery that lay ahead of him. What is it? he asked, somewhat put off by their obvious enjoyment of his puzzlement.
Ah, that is real magic of Chaikos making, Cosh answered with uncharacteristic mysteriousness. Tusk frowned even more, his face craggy like the hills they had left behind. Finally he threw the wood from him in exasperationthere was no magic in it that he could see.
Cosh collected Falcon and nocked a talon onto the string. This is magic that teaches wood to fly. That made no sense to Tusk. Teach wood to fly?
Look at that empty nest over there on that bush, Cosh directed, but though Tusk looked he could find no nest. Look further, the scout pointed, but Tusk could still not spot the nest. By that bald rock. Finally Tusk saw a nest very far away. It was an old nest somewhat torn by winter winds, but it still showed as a clump among the fresh leaves. So? he queried, not understanding what was intended by it.
As a bird returns to its nest, so will Falcon show it the way, he said and shook Falcon in his hands. The others looked at him in genuine surprise, for they had never seen this side of him. Cosh speaking in riddles? Riddles that were not helping Tusk in any way. He was caught between rising irritation, as he realized that they were playing with him, and the interest awakened in him by their uncharacteristic behavior. Where could this be leading?
With dramatic deliberation Cosh fit a talon to the string, raised Falcon, pointed the talon at the nest and drew back slowly, forcing the wood to curve. Tusk looked open-mouthed at all this. It was unreal that his friends were doing such strange unexplained things. Then Cosh let the string go. Tusk heard a snap and a hum but could not figure out what had happened. He was aware only of how closely they were watching him. What? he stammered, knowing something had happened but not understanding what.
Look at the nest, Baer advised him kindly. Tusk did, but the nest was no longer there. He jumped to his feet; this was indeed magic. How? ... Where is your little stick? he demanded of Cosh. Instead of answering, Cosh took another stick, nocked it, pulled back slowly and released. This time Tusk saw the stick leap forward and instantly disappear. He was dumbfounded. Magic! A dread fright froze his heart. Cosh took him by the arm and drew him along to the bush and beyond, to where the talon had carried the nest. Cosh pointed to the nest on the ground, with two sticks through the thick of it. Tusk looked at the nest, back to the council fire, then to Falcon and shook his head. How had Cosh thrown the sticks so unbelievably far and how had he hit the nest with them?
Those who knew stood back, delighted with his confusion, well remembering how they had felt. Chaiko himself was filled again with awe at both the simplicity and the complexity of the thing. The weapon was simple enough in itself, but the thought that wood could fly like that was still rooted in mystery, even for him.
It took a while for Tusk and the newcomers, who now crowded around, to recognize what was happening. They could track the talon in its flight and see it strike where Cosh had said it would at an unbelievable distance, but understand they could not. Those with more experience hurried to explain. Chaiko teaches Falcon to make its talons fly. He ties the wood to obedience and bends it to his will so that it can do nothing else. All one has to do is to point, and the talon will fly along the path its commanded to go.
It took some time to sink in that anybody with a Falcon could do the same, and soon they pressed close, clamoring to tryto be first. That honor was given to Kray. Baer had reasoned that Tusk had better see that the first attempts were harder than Coshs expertise had made them look. Baer did not want Tusk to lose face in front of his hunters. When his left forearm had been wrapped with skin, Kray did his best to follow all the helpful instructions shouted at him, but he nearly nailed his foot to the earth with his first shot. At that the crowd quickly drew back to give him more space. Cosh showed him how he had to hold the string and talon firmly together and then to let them both go at the same time. The next shot was better, but nowhere near the suggested mark. With a few more shots, however, everyone could see how his aim was improving.
After Kray, Stow was given a chance. He took Falcon in his hands, his face aglow with reverence. He did as he had seen and drew back on the string, much surprised by the resistance of the slender piece of wood. He looked about questioningly.
Aim it, Cosh offered helpfully.
Aim it? The concept seemed alien to Stow. After a lifetime of practice, his spear no longer needed to be aimed. It needed only to be pointed. But how was he to point this new thing? At what? he asked of Cosh.
At that clay bank. Cosh gestured toward a bare patch among the rocks.
Stow frowned at the beige color of the clay. It seemed such an unformed target, with no heart, possessing no vital spot.
Go on, Cosh prompted, aim the thing!
Aim? again Stow asked stupidly. There were much too many things to attend to all at once. His arm already felt tired holding the curve in the wood.
Yes. You must show the weapon where it must go.
Stow raised Falcon, pointed it and let go of the string. The talon flew but halfway, but its direction was straight on target. Everyone cheered. The next talon shattered on a rock, still in-line with the clay. The next landed in the clay itself. A cheer went up again from the rest, and a smile stretched from ear to ear on Stows face. He shook the weapon in triumph but surrendered it willingly to the next aspirant. He knew to rest on his success. One by one they all tried, filled with exhilaration at the snap of the string and instantly caught up in the frustration of missing the mark.
It was only the midday meal that finally interrupted all their attempts but in spite of chewing mouths, there was still an excited buzz as they discussed this amazing new weapon.
Tusk tried, hitting close to the target. He had obviously profited from seeing the others shoot before him. His third attempt hit the target fully and everyone cheered.
Why, there is no animal that can outrun a talon or even hide from it, Tusk exclaimed as its full implication was taking root in his imagination. A wonderful weapon, he continued, praising Chaiko. Chaiko smiled at him, but had to suppress himself from expressing the thought, Sometime you will realize that this implement will make a weaker man your equal in the hunt, at the cost of your pride. I hope that you will remember then the feelings you have now.
The demonstration had clearly been a great success. In the enthusiasm of the newcomers, even those already practiced with the weapon rediscovered their initial excitement. It seemed that this amazing instrument was insurance against hunger. What animal could outrun its speed and reach?
The day was already well advanced. Under a benign sun the air was pleasantly mild. The mist had lifted somewhat earlier but still revealed no signs of the herds. The demonstration had delayed all plans for the hunting expedition, so that finally Baer postponed it until the next day. The newcomers had come a long way; a day of rest would be appropriate. As well, people were still in the mood to celebrate the reunion. Soon groups formed around the fires, the newcomers mixing with the hosts, exchanging stories, glad to be together again.
Tusk had taken Cosh aside to discuss the new weapon and the hunting technique it required. They went to the rim and Cosh, with arms pointing, explained the lay of the land. The chief scout was reporting to the chief hunter.
By the council fire only Baer and Chaiko remained. The two brothers were a study in contrasts. Baers brows were knitted in a deep frown while Chaikos were smooth and peaceful. Needful though the rest was, Baer regretted its necessity: he had become a miser with time. There were empty food storage pits to be filled or soon their stomachs would yawn, likewise empty. He looked at his younger brother and wondered how he could keep so calm. Of course, he had not been there to share in the slow starvation, but had come in time to rescue them from it. All the same, Chaiko, too, should share the burden of worry that was nagging at him. But what can one demand of a man who had walked through fire to save himself?
Worry is the mother of bad luck, Chaiko interjected as if reading the others thoughts. Baer looked sourly at his bother. It seemed to him that everything had a mother, and a clan-saying to cover it. Crawling is the mother of walking. Looking is the mother of seeing. Planning is the mother of doing. Trying is the mother of success. Listening is the mother of wisdom. Mother, always mother. Why were there no fathers to things? Wait ... Was not impatience the father of error?
Tanya, Ile and Dawn were sitting by the gently burning fire, sorting through a pile of skins. It was a long way from the Lesser-Bear-Claw and Tanya had noted that the newcomers footwear was in tatters, hardly useable. She meant to remedy that lack. The three friends sat together in comfortable silence, passing skins back and forth, matching color, size and strength.
What think you of Stows new wife Ulla? Tanya asked, lowering the skin she was examining onto her lap.
After a short consideration Dawn replied, Best ask the women who spent last winter with her. They would know best.
She is soft, with skin like a newborn babe, her flesh is soft all over; it jiggles when she laughs, Ile declared without much preamble.
Tanya smiled: both replies were characteristic of her two friends. Dawn always thoughtful, charitable, Ile always quick to the point.
Soft? The word struck a resonance in Dawns memory and she intoned in a gentle melodious voice, Somir abal calle, somet abo halamar, somis a calundar o meo. A polis o somet a aloma, et somet te mancha cela ...
Huh? Tanya and Ile looked at her big eyed.
Its a love poem, Dawn tried to explain, which tells of a girl praising her lovers qualities.
What does it mean? Tanya was more than just a little curious about the habits and attitudes other people held about love.
Soft is my lovers hair, softer are his eyes, but softest is his smile that caresses me. His kisses are softer than his lips, and softer is my mouth welcoming him. Come, my love, lay your head on my bosom and find softness there... Dawn paused to search for the correct words.
Let me guess, Tanya offered. Soft are my softest places ... Ile started to titter and soon they all were giggling. No, but really ... Tanya prompted Dawn to go on.
Soft is his embrace, Dawn tried to continue, but hard is his... she had to pause again for the proper word.
Tanya and Ile looked at each other and both suggested, Desire.
But she corrected them again, Soft is his embrace, but hard is his passion for me, insisting, he is ... Then all three of them burst out laughing and collapsed from the hilarity.
Do your people say all that? Talk to each other about sex and things? Ile wanted to know, her eyes wide again.
It was Dawns turn to be amazed. For such direct people, the clan was not inclined to talk about intimate things. In her culture matters of sex were considered commonplace and open to discussion. The clan, she concluded, might be more open in other respects, but not as touching this. They were all weak from laughter but it felt so good just to enjoy the moment. Tanya looked about surreptitiously; it would not do to be overheard discussing such private topics.
Later toward the evening people collected expectantly about the fires. There was a bit of awkwardness since both groups had developed different routines, and it would take a little time for everyone to adjust again to being one larger group. Out of habit the new arrivals looked to Tusk for leadership, but he showed exaggerated deference to Baer to cue his followers.
After a modest meal, Baer stood to address them all. He had no compelling need that he had to discuss, but the expectations were such that some response was required from him.
Dear friends, we are together again and we take great comfort in each others company. And so we should. All around us there are rocks standing to declare to the world that this is the home of the Standing-Rock Clan. Baer looked at Cosh, who had erected standing-rocks after standing-rocks and he smiled. To the east, all the way into the hills, the rocks stand. They led you here to find us. To the north, all the way to the river that crosses the plain and took Chaiko to safety, the stones have marched. To the west, where Chaiko found a mate in the wilderness, the standing-rocks multiply. What shall north say to the south? Ask Cosh, for he and Makar went back to our old cave and found it undisturbed and unoccupied. On the shores of the lake further south, the rocks stand and even in the shallow water to claim this land as ours. This cave is our new home. Its better situated in the middle of our hunting range. From here we can see the animals roam over the entire valley. He paused. I should not have mentioned the animals and called attention to the fact that the plain was nearly empty, he thought.
Make no mistake, the herds will be back soon. Their numbers will darken the pastures. Where the ground was burned last year, new grass grows greener than before. Where bush and trees choked the land, the way is now clear. The land awaits the arrival of the herds. He tried to hold onto that vision, but there were too many worries behind his words and he did not sound convincing to himself. He looked at Chaiko, who read the trouble in his eyes and stood up. Baer turned toward him and said, Listen to the words of your shaman, the Master of Falcon. He will tell you. Abruptly he sat down, unsatisfied with his own efforts.
Chaiko felt all eyes on him as the expectation mounted. He waited, and the silence lengthened. After a while people became unsure; what came next? They stirred restlessly. Chaiko moved two steps to his left and two steps back till all eyes were on him. Remembering Samar, he closed his eyes and tried to see with the third eye.
To the south a great herd is moving. Dust underfoot and dust all around. Dust floating high in the air, shimmering in the sunlight. The ground trembles at the pounding of countless hooves and the thunder of their approach precedes them. Run, rabbit run, the bison are coming! Hide, coyote, for you are no match for the herd. Fly away, bird, for your nest will be shaken out of the tree by their passing. As he spoke he used his arms and hands to show an extended wing, then the nest falling to the ground.
Look, people, have you seen carrion birds in the sky of late, marking some death on the ground? No, not one, for all flew south to circle over the coming herd. And he looked and searched the sky that was now empty in the fading light. Look south, and when you see the birds in their numbers, the herds will be beneath them.
Look south, people. Do you not see that smoke on the horizon? He pointed and involuntarily they all turned to look. Chaiko shaded his eyes and gazed into the distance. That is not smoke but dust. The dust of their coming! He paused again, looked on the ground as if preoccupied, then froze. Do you not hear the pounding of their feet? Look how the grass trembles at their approach.
He fixed his eyes on the south arc of the horizon, then crinkled his nose. Does not the wind blow from that quarter? Can you not smell their sour odor? The sweat of their running? The heat of their exertions? The heaps of dung baking in the hot sun? Surely it could not have escaped your notice? Noisily he sniffed into the air. He then nodded convincingly, as if he could smell, hear and see all those things.
Tomorrow, when you wake and you look to the southwest, search that horizon and look for those signs. And tomorrow, perhaps, or the day after, or the one that follows, you will surely discover the signs drawing nearer, for the bison are coming. More numerous than the grass of the fields. More numerous than the stars in the depth of sky.
Baer wished that his brother would be proven right by the fulfillment of such predictions, but he knew that Chaiko was putting into words all their wishes, to focus their minds to prepare.
Hunters, check your weapons. Women, build your racks for drying all the meat. Let not the herd surprise you with your hands in your laps, unprepared! Yaya quickly took her hands from her lap and hid them behind her. Women, see to your cutting implements, for surely you will need them. Children, gather firewood, for much wood will be needed to smoke and cure the meat. Look for seasoned wood, not green stuff that has a bitter flavor.
Hunters, turn from your doubts and fill your hearts with confidence. Know you not that an uncertain heart will spoil your aim? Will you waste your throw? Resolve in your mind that your aim will be sure because you have proved it in practice.
It is said that good luck follows a lucky man, but I tell you one better: a man who is prepared to take advantage of opportunity betters his own luck.
And forget not, you Hunters, to have the patience of a stone. For luck will reward the hunter who is prepared and patient to wait for and recognize his chance. Be ready! Chaiko finished his speech of exhortation and paused significantly.
A very brief silence followed his words, then Makar jumped up and blurted out, Luck and preparation. Yes, I am prepared to be lucky... Kor, sitting beside him, reached up and tugged forcefully at the boys wrap. Makar had but two choices, either to stand naked without a wrap or to sit down. Wisely he chose the latter.
Be quiet as a stone Kor muttered, dampening somewhat the young mans enthusiasm which tended to spew over everything and everybody.
Tanya thought quietly that hunters spent so many words on encouraging themselves, but only a fraction on the women and the children. Did they not need to be strengthened in resolve as well?
Chaiko held up his hands again for attention. Quickly people turned towards him, wondering. Had not everything been said already? Apparently not. However, he took his time getting around to it until they started fidgeting with curiosity.
Is the lion any less fearful without its claws or the elk better defended without horns? Will the bear leave his great strength at home? Where was this heading? the listeners wanted to know. Well, you Hunters, prepare your weapons, for surely you will need them. Make sure everything is ready for the hunt. He paused significantly. This night I give you a weapon... A shiver of excitement swept through the crowd. A weapon that will make a weak man stronger and add strength to the powerful. This weapon will make a slow man fast to outrun an antelope and more accurate than the eagle dropping out of the skyI give you Falcon. He lifted the weapon high and plucked its string. The sharp twang of tension cut into the silence. He walked over to Tusk and he put the Falcon in his hands. The lead hunters face was filled with reverence. All day he had observed the use of this weapon by the experts and quickly developed respect for its proven capabilities. Still in his hands it felt fragile and insignificant, unlike his hefty spear.
Then, according to protocol, Chaiko offered the next weapon to Kor to honor the great value the clan placed on him. The old stone worker accepted it and ran his gnarled hand over the smooth wood. He tested the tension of the string and shook his head in wonder. With a craftsmans feel he approved of the workmanship. He thanked Chaiko for the honor but returned the weapon to Chaiko. I am an old man and have neither the strength of arms nor the steadiness of hand to do justice to such a weapon. Give it to a younger man, who can still learn ... The regret was unmistakable, but so was his admiration.
One by one, according to rank and age, the rest received their weapons in reverent silence. Most held it as if it were some fragile treasure about to break. Chaiko smiled encouragingly but did not intrude on the solemnity of the occasion. The new man, Chandar, accepted his present with heartfelt thankfulness. His eyes mustered the curve of wood with great pride.
Tael stood up, eager to receive his, conscious of the honor due to him. But though the winter had been long and Chaiko had spent many hours working each piece, he had no more to give. He turned to Tael and said consolingly, I am making a Falcon especially for you, and you, he said including Kray and Stow. Crestfallen and humiliated, Tael sat down, glowering.
Having completed the presentations, Chaiko had few more words left to say. Hunters, now you must teach Falcon to obey you. Use your time until the herds arrive to practice. The new people nodded eagerly that they would do all this and more. Chaiko smiled and sat down. With that, the meeting was over, everyone feeling that a great deal had been accomplished. Certainly the clan was now stronger, not only in numbers, but also in confidence. They were also vastly better armed.
Chaiko settled down for the night, in his general self-satisfaction forgetting that he had wanted to lie with Dawn. His mind was still busy with all that he did not say. It would be a bad thing if the herd were to arrive tomorrow. There would be lots of talons flying everywhere well wide of the mark. But, perhaps in a few days, the clan would be more nearly ready.
Wrapped in his furs, Baer was much encouraged by the meeting. Thanks largely to his brothers efforts, the clan was no longer fearing what would happen if the herds did not arrive, but was focused on what would happen when they did. Suddenly there was not enough time to prepare for the hunt that was coming. The happy excitement energized everyone, including Baer. He thought that he should have been able to do as much himself, but then he reminded himself that his brother was now the shaman charged with such things.
When sleep did not come to him, he reached under the covers toward his mate, but this time she was asleep and unresponsive.
Soon, no one was awake except Tael, still seething with indignation that he had not received a weapon as his just due. Why had Chandar, that upstart, been given one but not he? The man was not even a son of the Standing-Rock Clan. Just because he was a little older? And that snot-nosed kid, Makar, had one and he was not even a hunter yet. That arrogant pup, so puffed up with boastful pride with a smirk on his face. How dare Chaiko pass over him when he was more deserving than any of them, especially those decrepit old bones, Gill and Rea, who called themselves hunters.
It galled him to find so much injustice leveled against him. How dare Chaiko talk to him in such condescending tones? He wasnt a real shaman. He was only fifteen and not deserving of the honor of that rank. He was the leaders brother, but that should not earn him the position.
The more Tael thought about it, the clearer the injustice perpetrated on him became. If one rightly thought about it, Chaiko did not even deserve the recognition for creating Falcon. Why, last year he himself had bent wood just like that and tied the ends with a string. It is true he did not recognize it for the weapon it was, but in time he would have. The way he saw it, Chaiko usurped the credit that was due him. Once again he had been robbed of honor! Once again he had been cheated and overlooked! The anger ate at him, the bitterness driving him mad. Whatever else happened, he promised himself, he would get even. He would prove that he was more worthy than all the rest put together. He would invent something even greater that would put Falcon to shame.
The night passed slowly and the clouds outlined in the moons silvery light floated idly across the sky. Nature was sleeping. But Taels brain, seared by all the injustice he had experienced, fomented revenge. The bile churned in his stomach and his mouth filled with a bitter taste. Just wait, you will all see, he muttered, feeding the dark rage that filled him.

Chapter 4
The sun was not yet up, but people were already moving about in the darkness, stirred up by the meeting the night before and eager to get started on the day. There was a happy buzz of anticipation as plans were discussed. Those who received Falcons were impatient to try them out and wanted to rush out to hunt. On hearing this Cosh forbade any such premature venture; they must first practice and gain some mastery of the weapon, he directed. He knew full well, by his own experience, how difficult it was to achieve proficiency and how much dedication it took to practice day after day.
At first light the women hurried to stand on the brow of the hill to see if Chaikos prediction had been fulfilled. Of course, the view was obscured by heavy mist that soaked up the sunlight, just as it hid everything else. A few large birds with wings extended appeared far away above the white fog.
Do you suppose those are carrion birds? Vultures, maybe? Calla asked, hopeful but uncertain.
Excitement coloring her tone, Yaya recalled, Beneath them would be the herd, did not Chaiko say that?
Those are gulls. Look how their whiteness glints in the sun. Vultures are black, corrected Ork who was standing beside his mother.
But Nebu had her own opinion and offered it gently, as was her habit, Those are storks, my dear, not gulls. A much larger bird. Look at the wingspread.
On such an early morning flight? The sun is hardly up yet, questioned Calla skeptically.
They are returning from the south, Nebu answered her, looking for their homes, all wanting to be first to reclaim their nest and not to find it occupied. You know they steal the nests from each other. First-comer makes the claim for the season, continued Nebu, who had for years listened to her husband, the painter, hold forth on one of his many passions, birds. Look, they are flying due north. If they were gulls, or vultures, they would be circling.
Tanya and Ile arrived and peered into the distance. The thick mist threw their gaze back. I guess it will be near midday before we can see anything, Tanya observed conversationally, looking about, smiling at the women. There was an awkward silence imposed by the long separation. Calla, Nebu and Yaya looked at the mate of their leader whom they had not seen all winter. Each of them was trying to balance what had remained the same with what had changed with the clan. Tanya was aware of their looks and the thoughts behind them. She looked down at Tay who was looking up at her, wonder-struck. My how you have grown, she said in a cheerful, kind voice, you have grown into a beautiful young girl. That, perhaps, was the best touch, to remind them of the grace and kindness that were her hallmark qualities.
It is good to be home, Calla said. After their separation she had taken upon herself Tanyas role of leading the women and attending to their needs. She was now obliquely returning that authority to Tanya, at the same time reaffirming her alliance.
The others hurried to do the same. We missed you all, Yaya said simply. We ... I missed you, said Nebu, tears from the wounds of separation mixed with tears of relief and gladness at being reunited. At that, all the women started sniffing with an overflow of emotions, except Ile who was mad at herself for as usual missing something right in front of her. Confused, she looked at the others hugging and holding onto each other.
Tanya was reminded of her vision of the clan; their lives like a tapestry intertwined and interconnected. Now, after their separation, some of the strands needed to be reconnected, woven back in. She hugged Nebu again, large tears rolling down her face. Let Baer make decisions for all of them, let Chaiko find them the right spiritual path, but the care of this tapestry, the quality of all of their lives, was her responsibility. Last she hugged Ile, who burst out crying herself, frustrated for still not understanding the underlying nuances. Hush, tush, Tanya said, quieting her friend.
Of course this was all too much for Ork, who had raced back to the cave at the first sign of all these outpourings. Women were strange, he observed to himself, not for the first time either. He was six and still very much under their sway. But at six he was looking forward to some teaching from the hunters and could hardly contain his impatience. He would grow up to be a Man, a Hunter, he resolved over and over again. Back at the cave, he went looking for his friend Sosa to see what manly mischief they could get into.
The clan had been reunited for two short days and in that time the cave had changed radically. It was not only that the open spaces had been carved up under Tanyas direction and everyone assigned a place, but also that the ethics of respecting one anothers privacy had now become all important. It was, of course, common courtesy not to trespass through someone elses hearth without invitation, nor to callously step over a sleeping form or wade through their bedding, but also that the eyes and ears must ask for permission to cross boundaries of privacy. It was very hard at times not to overhear, not to catch sight of something unintended, not to react to something happening at the neighbors fire. Already Sosa had to be reminded repeatedly by his mother Yaya not to carelessly throw dinner bones over to the neighbors. On the long journey home the boy has forgotten all his good manners, she apologized profusely to Ela, who thought privately that the boy had never been taught any to forget. In her turn, Yaya could not help but notice the growing sullenness Tael was showing around the fire and the edge of bitterness in Elas voice as the two fought a silent battle of wills between them. It is none of your affair, she told herself more than once, all the same wondering what the trouble was.
Tanya had thought and planned throughout the winter where to locate everybody. She had done an admirable job, balancing temperament and compatibility, rank and entitlement. Of course many compromises had to be made. For instance, the place of the leader was at the focal point of the cave, to easily oversee everybody and all happenings and to be readily available. And also to have a good view of the outside. This often did not mean the most comfortable place. In any case, since Chaiko and Dawn had found the cave, lived in it by themselves for almost the whole of the summer, and had already established their fire and their claim of choice, that had to be respected in the new division of space, even though it made subsequent assignments more difficult. Growing families were given first consideration and allotted the most comfortable and convenient spots. Old people were given the most protected places, out of the weather. Unattached males were relegated to the least desirable spaces, even though they were hunters all. It was sometimes hard to balance all these often competing needs, but by and large, Tanya felt satisfied with her assignments and most people were grateful for her sensitivity. Dawn had been explaining some of her peoples views on life and the importance of achieving harmony, and so Tanya had tried to incorporate this concept into her planning. Of course, there were some things that could never be fixed or regulated perfectly.
By the bachelors fire, Gill and Rea were bickering as usual. Rea wanted to trade sleeping places with Gill so that he would not have to sleep next to Tusk. Gill had no preference other than not to give in to any of Reas wishes, not easily anyway.
Why should I trade places with you? And what difference do a few measures make this way or that, anyway? We are all stuck together in the back of the cave. Why dont you go and petition Tanya for a new assignment for all of us, with more view and sun?
I cant do that and you know it! Rae shot back, but then tried a more conciliatory tack. We have been friends a long time; surely you can grant me this small wish.
Gill watched his friend with suspicion. It was their habit to try to get the better of each other at every turn. Tusk does not snore. I would have noticed that, he mused aloud, trying to find his friends motivation for this request.
No, no, he does not snore, Rea interrupted with impatience.
Well then what? Gill demanded. There must be a reason for your request. I will not even consider it unless I know it, Gill declared.
Rea twisted a scraggly growth of beard unhappily, caught by the dilemma of the situation. Then, since there was no way around it that he could see, he took a deep breath and said rather mysteriously, You know how Tusk likes dill for seasoning?
Everyone knows that. He keeps loudly asking for it. Sometimes I get sick and tired of the taste, just because he asks for it. But so what?
Well, Rea paused even longer, it does not agree with him.
Dill does not agree with Tusk? Gill was taken aback.
It upsets his stomach, confirmed Rea in his most confidential tone.
So? Gill could not discover any connection between dill and ones sleeping place.
It bloats him up. Rea was irritated at Gills denseness; did he have to explain everything to him?
Fill him with gas? but Gill was still not enlightened by this revelation. Sooo?
Sooo! All that gas has to go somewhere and all night he passes it. Every time he turns over gas leaks out of him. He is a restless sleeper and turns over a lot. And it has a pungent odor, Rea complained bitterly. Havent you noticed it?
I thought that was you! interjected Gill, for whom things had become suddenly very clear.
Me? I do not pass gas! Ever! Rea was scandalized.
Come, come. We all pass gas. What else can you do with it? Or do you keep it all to yourself? Gill was enjoying his friends discomfort. But then he returned to the business at hand. Let me see if I understand you. You want me to trade places with you so I can be closer to this odoriferous source of delight?
Well, you do not have my sensitivities, Rea answered defensively. You know what a fine nose I have. Remember when in the hills I smelled the bear in the next valley? You agreed with me that I had a very fine nose then. Perhaps the best in the whole cave, you said. Well this nose of mine is now getting me into trouble. I cant stand it. It seems so unfair to stick the best nose so close to someone so inclined to produce large volumes of irritants. That did seem unfair. As soon as I see that they put dill into the food, I know I am in for a long night. Please, you have to change places with me.
Well, I must warn you it is not much better in my place. But all this time I really thought it was you. Imagine that, Gill was shaking his head, wondering. Dill, you say? Why dont you ask Tusk to refrain from eating the stuff? That would solve your ... our problem.
For the first time in this conversation Rea felt encouraged; his friend had said our problem. Ask Tusk? No one asks Tusk for anything, except maybe Baer and Cosh. Why dont you ask him?
Gill shook his head. He was beginning to see a real problem here that was not going to be simple to fix. The two of them put their heads together and tried to work on several solutions, all, unfortunately, unsatisfactory.
By now the morning was well advanced. The mist had cleared sufficiently to see that the herd was still not back. Of course the mist still covered plenty of places where even a sizeable herd could be hidden, but not the main body. So today was not going to be that day they all had been looking forward to.
The men were soon busy practicing. The twang of Falcon strings hummed in the air, followed by the swishing sound of talons in flight. Before they had started, Tanya, Ile and Dawn had wrapped each arm in skins and explained why they had to. Everyone was eager to proceed. Those who were already accomplished in the use of the weapon were in great demand to give instructions. Even Makar was sought after, which puffed him up with importance. He had Rea and Gill to contend with, but both were anxious to learn; after all, they had their seniority as hunters to defend. Cosh taught Tusk, while Crow took on Malek and Chandar. Kray and Stow stood aside enviously watching and listening.
Talon after talon flew through the air, shouts of encouragement sped the shafts on their way, and shouts of joy or groans of disappointment greeted each result. Baer, listening, was pleased. The sounds had an excited quality, just the mood he needed for the next few days. Hope the herds show up soon as Chaiko has predicted, he thought. Until then we must practice. By last winter he had recovered from his injuries and had had a chance to learn to use the weapon with fair proficiency, but it was Cosh who was the best. He could shoot most accurately at the farthest of targets, even while moving. Chaiko probably came next, and close behind him, continuing their childhood rivalry, was Crow. Only then came Baer and Makar. Looking at all the activity of the men shooting, Baer wondered what the next rankings would be. He hoped he would not be too low in the new order.
For a while Baer watched Chandar, considering his qualities. The first impression had been good: tall, clean and open features, quick, intelligent eyes and a ready smile. His teeth were exceptionally white, so probably he was healthy as a pig. (Momentarily he was deflected by this saying. Why should pigs be any healthier than other animals?) Tusk had reported that Chandar was a skillful hunter, knowing when to wait and knowing when to act. Obviously he was strong, and his limber physique promised agility and speed as well. Baer watched as their new member drew back the string with a smooth determination, aimed and released. Very good, Baer acknowledged; the talon had come within an arms length of the mark. It had taken Baer days to accomplish that much. Yes, it seemed that Chandar was going to be a valuable addition to the Standing-Rock Clan. It was surprising, he thought, with his good looks and abilities, that he had not been snapped up by some girl and mated already.
The sun stood at midday and all the mist had dissipated, confirming that no herds were in evidence. Emma loudly called everyone to mealtime and reluctantly the hunters put down their weapons to go. All of them were excited by the progress and bragged to each other of their accuracy. Ruba, Ork and Sosa had been busy retrieving talons, running the whole time back and forth, their faces red, their eyes sparkling with excitement.
The meal was an uninspired affair of dried meat from the storage cairns served with some young clover leaves, and for afterwards some white flower which just hinted at being sweet. Emma promised to do better for the evening. Tanya was glad to have the extra help to relieve her of the cooking, and Calla was eager to show off some of the new recipes she had brought back from the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan. Afterwards, the drinking skin was passed around to wash down the meal. It had a pleasant fresh flavor, since Emma had crushed some mint leaves to soak in it. Though it was not much as meals go, its mood was happy. When Kray called for a round of applause for the cook everyone gladly joined in. Emma blushed a deep red, which she had not done since she was an inexperienced young girl. Naturally this set Makar off, for he thrived on applause, and he did one of his usual imitations: a long-legged crane walking through a shallow tidal pool, trying very hard without success to shake some mud off its feet. People were soon laughing hard, especially the people who had just returned from the Lesser-Bear-Claw, having forgotten what an accomplished prankster and mimic Makar was. Ido made a small grimace of distaste, yet laughed along with the rest. After that, Lana sang some songs in her light, pure voice, people coming in on the refrain. To everybodys surprise, Chandar had a very pleasant, smooth voice. Lana tried to convince Dawn to dance, but she declined, still feeling shy in front of all these strangers.
The meal was finished, yet people so enjoyed being together once again that they were reluctant to return to their pursuits, and probably would have stayed longer, even Tusk, but Cosh got up to get on with his day. So everybody dispersed: the hunters back to practicing and the women to their tasks.
Ruba was now nine and had grown noticeably over the past winter, starting to fill out in girth and strength. His father asked him to go into the hills to find some color, ochre if lucky, but perhaps some yellow. He left, taking his minions, Ork and Sosa, with him. Malek intended to start a painting and needed more colors for the undertaking. The back wall was reasonably smooth and out of the way enough so that he could work undisturbed. With this in mind, he had gone to Baer and petitioned the leader for permission. Baer listened courteously to the request and gave it due consideration, but referred him to the new shaman of the clan under whose responsibility this seemed to fall, for paintings had spiritual implications which were properly the jurisdiction of the shaman. Malek thanked Baer and went to Chaiko and repeated the request. The shaman thought but a short time before giving him full approval. Paintings would increase the clans hold on the cave. Content, Malek returned to practice with the others.
Cosh soon noted that of the newly initiated, Chandar and Malek seemed to have made the most progress. Chandar was smooth and well coordinated and learned quickly to adjust to changing distances. Malek had a quiet, purposeful approach, looked first, shot, then readjusted as needed. Tusk was having a bit of trouble with his aim. As with all things, he put too much power into it, bending the wood just a little too much, letting go of the string too abruptly, and then pulling the talon off aim by the resulting kickback of the weapon.
Cosh tried to explain to him, When we were children and we played the bear-nut game, do you remember it?
Sure, Tusk said readily. A boy, who was the bear, would hang on another boys arm, the nut-tree, and pull down hard to shake the nuts loose, and the tree would try to hold the bear off the ground.
Do you recall what happened next? Cosh asked.
The bear would suddenly let go of the arm and the tree would punch himself in the nose. Tusk rubbed his nose ruefully. It took me a long while to learn not to punch myself.
Yeah, the trick was that as the tree, you had to anticipate the bear letting go and be ready for it. Cosh paused, watching Tusk nod his head. The same way now, you have to anticipate that when you release the string, the pull of the wood suddenly disappears. If you are not prepared for it, but still strain against the pull that is no longer there ... Cosh looked at Tusk questioningly.
I punch myself in the face again, nodded Tusk in understanding. Yes, I must learn to anticipate. After that his aim improved quickly.
Women paused and watched the men practice. They tracked the graceful flight of the talons and marveled at the distances they covered. Its magic, said Yaya, I dont know where, but that is magic. Seeing the talons fly, they all agreed with her.
I would like to know where the magic is, Nebu asked, in Falcon or in the talon?
If you ask me, it has to be in the talon, offered Calla. Its doing all the flying.
But it is Falcon that does all the bending, Nebu answered, still puzzled.
Well Id like to know which really is the weapon part. Can anyone tell me that? Calla inquired.
The others just shrugged their shoulders. This was clearly a man-hunter thing and women had no business messing with it anyway. Ulla did not yet feel secure enough to make a comment. In a strange place among strange people, she was just hoping that they would all accept her. At home, back in the hills, wood was not taught to fly, or turn into a leg for that matter.
Well, ask Chaiko. He made the things, Falcon and talon, Nebu advised. At that they all turned and looked at their shaman. Chaiko was sitting by the fire working on a new piece, for there were still Tael, Kray and Stow who needed weapons. The women wondered at the changes in him. In their old world, Chaiko was a cripple, hardly worth the notice, but today he was in the centre of their lives, their shaman, leading and guiding them. Life was full of surprises.
Just then Ela approached them tentatively. Have you seen Tael? I have not seen him anywhere since morning. Its not like him to miss a meal. The girl looked miserable. Hrump, Calla thought to herself, they must have had a fight.
I havent noticed him since morning either. I think I saw him heading for the river. Leastwise he took the path that leads that way, Nebu offered.
He probably went to hunt for otter. You know what a fuss he made when you last cooked that, Yaya suggested. Not likely, Calla thought, Tael was not that fond of any food. Tael was fond of Tael, and that was that.
Perhaps he ... Ulla began, in spite of herself drawn into the puzzle, but when they all turned toward her in surprise, her voice dried up and she stammered, Nothing... no, nothing.

It soon became obvious that quite a few talons were being broken in practice and more would soon be needed. Chaiko looked around but could not find Ruba, Ork and Sosa. He called to Lana, and she hurried over dragging a reluctant Ido behind her. Of course Chaiko was very fond of Lana and she of him because they had spent much time together when he was just a cripple. He was very gentle and friendly to Ido, who was afraid of him although he had never given her any cause. The possibility that the fool magic thing had given people the wrong idea about him, crossed his mind. He carefully explained to the girls what he needed, where they would find it and how they should cut it. Lana nodded happily; she would do anything he asked. On parting he could not refrain from adding, You will make magic with me, but regretted it immediately as he said it when he saw Idos face cloud over in confusion. Lana gave a ringing laugh. On the practice field Crow looked around to find her. Whos that? Chandar, beside him, asked. Thats Lana, Crow said simply, keeping the pride out of his voice. Lana, Chandar repeated, nodding his head.
Across the fire from Chaiko, Dawn was busy smoothing a piece of moose hide with an antler. She wanted to make new foot coverings for them and moose hide looked very promising. She was thinking of lining it with deer skin, tough and waterproof on the outside, but soft and comfortable on the inside. She liked the idea. But first the moose hide had to be made more pliable.
Yael was lying on the furs within easy reach. With all the activity flowing in and out of the cave, the shouting and the cheering, even Yael caught the infectious excitement in the air. He chortled happily, babbled, then made a new sound. It obviously surprised him as he tried it out again and again. He was sounding highly pleased with his efforts and launched into a whole sequence. Dawn lowered the hide onto her lap and looked at her son in amazement. This was not babbling. There was the rhythm of a language behind the sounds, a definitive rise and fall and a clear cadence in the tones. But it was too early; no baby she had ever known started this early. She stole a glance at her mate to see if he had noticed it, too, but he was absorbed in his work. He will probably think I imagined it anyway and accuse me of making cobwebs out of nothing, she thought a little sourly.
Dawn was acutely aware that all the activity around them was generated by Chaiko, or at least, focused and directed by him. That speech last night had taken her by surprise, and it was jarring to come face to face with the shaman of the clan, who was so different from her mate. Of course, she noted how much respect the others paid him, which in turn reawakened her own respect, sadly eroded by the length of winter and the close quarters of the cave. In the last moons of her uncomfortable pregnancy she had blamed him for the imposition of her condition and had not entirely relinquished this resentment. But last night he was again larger than himself. His eyes were different, looking into their futures, and the words he spoke were different, full of fire and passion, so unlike his usual reasonableness.
He was also infuriatingly right most of the time. But surely not about the baby, she reasoned. Not the baby. How can a mothers love be too much for a baby? It isnt like overeating. Too much love will not break peoples hearts; too little will. I want to give my baby what I never had as a child, being there and caring for him. My mother was kind and calm, calm and kind, but never hugged me or kissed me out of turn. Just for greeting, more polite than caring. There is such fierceness inside me for my baby. I will love him today, tomorrow, forever. I will always, always take good care of him. I will always be there for him. He will not lack anything. How can he say that I spoil my son? The indignation was once again rising within her; How dare he ...? But then she paused; she wanted to heal the rift not widen it. She swallowed and swallowed, as she had been taught as a child: to eat anger and pass it through to get rid of it. She did not believe it then and certainly she did not believe it now, nonetheless the action helped to calm her down. She must do something now, she resolved but what? She must somehow prove her worth, to stand against the crushing weight of his prestige and his infuriating tendency to be right. To resist just giving in to him all the time. What could she do that would give her some power?
She jumped up and took a small pouch from a larger sack, grabbed her digging stick, and left the cave. Outside she paused to observe the happy commotion of the men practicing, then went the other way. She approached a small level patch of ground lush with grass, bordered by a press of bushes. Few ever had cause to come this way, as this area offered nothing of value and led nowhere but to a steep hillside that fell precipitously toward the river.
Dawn took her digging stick, stabbed it into the earth, then leveraged a clod free of the ground. A dense interlace of grass roots resisted her efforts. She stuck her stick into the ground again and loosened more and more of the soil. Tay had followed her, attracted by the noise of the stick striking into the ground.
Daun, you angri? she asked, her eyes big with wonder and worry.
No. Dawn is not angry.
Why then Daun hitting grund? the little girl wanted to know.
Good question. How was she going to explain all this to people if they asked? She wiped her brow, but her hands were dirty and smudged her face. Tays face grew even more worried, then she turned and ran away.
Dawns anger at Chaiko had by now evaporated. Her resentment was likewise dissipated by the expended effort. The next time she struck the ground it was a conscious effort of will. She was surprised again by the resistance in the soil. Two more strikes and she had to pause and think all this through. What did she want to do anyway? She sat down on the grass and wiped the perspiration from her face. In her thoughts this had been much easier.
All excited, Tay had run back to Yaya and tugged on her wrap for attention. Her mother ignored her, too busy extracting a stone from the fire with two sticks and rolling it into a clay-lined hole in the ground in which she was cooking some broth, meat and a few roots. The stone hissed as it was dropped into the soup and the vapor from its heat boiled to the surface. This was a tedious task and required her full attention. Tay gave up and ran to Tanya. Tana, the little girl pleaded, Come. Daun veri angri. She hurt grund. Come. Surprised, Tanya first looked for the girls mother, Yaya, but saw that she was busy. She thought to ask the little girl more questions, but Tay was tugging at her with unexpected determination.
Tay led her, and soon they both saw Dawn raise her digging stick and drive it into the ground. This certainly looked odd even to Tanya. Again and again Dawn stabbed the soil, grunting with the effort. She was a disturbing sight, her hair disheveled, sweat pouring down her brow and cheeks, her face covered with smudges. Her behavior made no sense at all.
Dawn? Tanya called out concerned. What are you doing, dear?
Surprised, Dawn looked up. Seeing the concern on her friends face, her first thought was, And you think that I spoil my child, too. She stabbed the digging stick into the ground again, looked up, then said in a level voice, I am making holes.
I see, Tanya said but did not. Why are you making holes?
To make a place in the ground, Dawn said, not wanting to explain; she did not want anybody laughing at her.
To make place for what, dear? Tanya asked, puzzled beyond measure. This was not the Dawn she knew.
For these, Dawn said, and extended a hand which she slowly opened for the other woman to see.
Why, these are seeds! exclaimed Tanya, a little too much astonishment showing in her voice.
Yes, these are seeds. The seeds of rye grass we harvested last fall. We ranged far and farther to harvest spikes of these. We filled our baskets full and went back for more. This is a very useful plant. Makes flat cakes or stuffing in roasting birds that I find the most delicious. They store easily and when soaked overnight, they swell and split and make a very nutritious porridge. It was my fathers favorite. Especially after he lost his teeth. The words bubbled out of her in her eagerness to communicate her idea.
Yes, all true I am sure, puzzled Tanya, Very useful indeed, but why stick it into the ground to waste?
Because this seed grows into a plant, and will bear more seed abundantly, Dawn said reverently.
But why would you bother? There are fields full everywhere, waving in the wind.
Yes, thats true. Theres rye grass by the river bank and fields of it by Big-Frog pond, Dawn said in the voice of a visionary. But the rye grass I plant will stay here within sight of the cave. Here it will grow all summer. It will bloom and bear fruit and ripen. In autumn I will walk over here and pick a basketful and have it baking and eat it before you are halfway to the fields of rye grass waving.
Tanya dropped onto the ground and dug her fingers into the dirt Dawn had loosened. The dark soil felt warm in her hands. The idea was novel to her; she had never heard anything like it. Stick seeds into the ground? She squinted at her friend in deep thought. You believe it will work?
I think so. When my people harvest roots, like white roots or yellow, they break off a piece and stick it back into the ground. The root grows there again the next year. I think it will work the same with seeds. I just dont know how deep to plant them.
But each seed is such little thing, why make such big holes? Tanya wanted to know.
Oh, the digging is not for the seed, Dawn explained; It is to make space, not for the seed, but for the plant that will grow from it. To put fresh water into a bowl, you first have to empty it of the old. Chaiko was always fond of saying that.
But this was all too much for Tanya and her confusion persisted.
Think of a tree, Dawn tried again. Nothing can grow in its place because the place is already occupied. But if the tree were removed, burned, other things could grow in its place. I am ripping up these grasses, digging up these plants, so when I plant my seed, the plant that comes up has a place to grow. I think.
Tanyas head was buzzing with these new thoughts. Every seed planted will bear many more seeds... she tried to imagine the increase.
Tenfold... maybe even more, Dawn said.
Nobody has done this before, Tanya said wonderingly. Dawn, this is new ... New what? ... Knowledge, she said in awe.
Then a further thought occurred to her. This is rye, but cant we also plant oats ...? her voice climbed with excitement.
Dawn rummaged in her wrap and pulled out a handful of wheat. We can plant rye, oats, rice, peas, herbs, and berries ... her ideas were spilling out, a whole winter full of thinking suddenly released. We can plant apple trees, hazelnut bushes, walnut, acorns ... She stopped, her breath taken away by the largeness of what she was proposing. Tanya was struck by the weight of all these ideas. Trees? Whole trees? Her eyes were big and round and her mouth hung open. Tay, who had been standing by, now thought she had two crazies to worry about. Mommy, she stammered and ran off toward the cave. She was going to bring her mother back, but she decided in her little head not to risk it. She did not want to have her mom turn into whatever Daun and Tana had become.
They will think were crazy, Tanya said, but I think your idea will work. Dont you?
Yes, I think it will, nodded Dawn with conviction. The talking had helped her commit to the vision. Now, I must do as I have said, she resolved to herself.
What do we have to do first? Tanya was an organizer, less of a visionary.
I am not sure. But I think it would be good to clear out some more grass before planting.
Yes, we must uproot the tree, to make room for other things to grow. Tanya could see the wisdom in that.
The two woman set about loosening the soil, taking turns thrusting with the digging stick while the other pulled grass from the loosened clumps and shook the soil from the roots. It was hard work, and soon they had to pause and reassess the situation.
Your seed had better bear fruit more than tenfold to be worth all this work, Tanya commented.
Maybe we should just plant a small patch to try out the different seeds, and if it works, next year we can enlarge on it, Dawn suggested thoughtfully.
That is a very good idea, Tanya agreed. We do not have to tell anybody about this until we can see that it works. That way no one will be disappointed if it does not. Except me, thought Dawn sourly. I think it would be better to plant with confidence, to harvest with confidence. Did Chaiko say that too? No, I think that thought was all mine.
They worked a much smaller area, loosening the soil, clearing out the grass and weeds, then planting it with the various seeds. Not too deep, Dawn said, guessing, just one finger-width deep. The whole afternoon was spent in this pursuit. When they were finished there was a clear patch of bare earth that was certainly going to puzzle anyone who came across it. But very few would come this way, which was why Dawn had chosen the spot. After that they went to the spring and cleaned up. They returned to the cave to find that their absence had been noted but they were not yet missed. In fact, only Chaiko had felt growing concern that she would leave Yael alone so long in his care.
Dawn picked up her son and offered him her breast. With typical greediness he sucked on the nipple and the milk filled his mouth. He swallowed, but some came seeping out of the corner of his mouth. Soon the hunger eased and the sucking gentled, but even when he was full, he kept gently sucking, playing with the nipple. My son, she thought with love and felt fulfilled. People just could not understand how it felt to be the very centre of someones world, she thought, to be so needed, and to be able to make such a difference. All of us were born into this world crying, all of us learned the pains of hunger, thirst and being cold. We have learned the frustration of being plucked from a warm, giving breast. Learned the loneliness of being put down... I shall fight against that for my son! He shall lack nothing that I can give him! And when he looks up at me, I shall be there, reflected in his eyes, always!
Later she glanced up and saw Tanya looking at her from across the cave, and the two women smiled at each other. They both felt closer than ever before, now that they had a secret to share, but even beyond that, a dream. A dream that would benefit not just themselves but all people... Her breath stopped with the clear recognition. This was how Chaiko must have felt when he talked about Falcon belonging to all people. Suddenly she felt very close to Chaiko again, and the next time their eyes met she smiled brightly at him, causing him to pause and wonder why.
A delicious aroma of meat cooking filled the air. It was dried meat that had been soaked all day in garlic water to soften and fill out, and was now slowly being roasted. Emma was making a special effort, planning to serve soaked barley mixed with ground nuts and chopped leeks for flavoring. Yaya was cooking some vegetable soup into which went odds and ends that people had collected and given to her throughout the day.

There was the usual hustle and bustle around the main cooking fire where Emma busied herself importantly. Ulla, who was so eager to please, was soon helping her out. The boys were required to collect more firewood, which they did reluctantly. Nebu had to admonish them rather sternly when they returned with decayed moss-covered offerings. No, it must be hard and dry. Ruba, you know better, and if you dont you should. She sent them off again.
Has anybody seen my dill? a concerned Emma asked the women. Did one of you take my dill? But no matter how much they looked, they could not find her spice.
I have to have dill to season the meat, Emma complained loudly. Now what am I going to do?
Oh, do not spill your water, Calla admonished her, I will give you some of mine. With that she went and looked among her own belongings but came back empty handed. She was deeply troubled. I swear I had a whole bagful. I used some only yesterday.
The missing dill became quite a mystery, and occasioned a wide range of speculations. Some said that both Emma and Calla must have mislaid the seasoning, while others thought it was probably all used up. The most creative conjecture was awarded to Gill, who claimed that the dill-wasp was responsible for the loss, but only Rea seemed to have ever heard anything about a dill-wasp. Oh yes, he affirmed, It has a similar connection as the honeybee to nectar; but the dill-wasp goes only after dill. At that point, Tusk started to mutter about dill-wasps and Gill hurried with a promise to hunt down any dill-wasps he came across. Gratefully, Emma thanked him.
With impending dusk stealing upon the landscape, Tael returned. He appeared sullen and out of sorts, stalking to his place and searching through his belongings. Where have you been all day? Ela asked him timorously, but he hissed at her angrily not to mix into man things. Ela bit her lips but did not cry, though big tears were filling her eyes. Privacy notwithstanding, everybody noted this little exchange, and Ela garnered much sympathy. It put a damper into the evening that, up to that point, had been quite enjoyable. Baer decided that tomorrow he would have a talk with Tael to let him know that such conduct would not be tolerated.
When the meal was served the cheeriness returned. Most people were happy with their accomplishments for the day and an animated buzz of conversation filled the cave. Tomorrow the bison will come, some said, and we are ready. Not quite, countered Cosh, but he was pleased with the progress he had noted, so he kept his thoughts to himself.

Chapter 5
During mealtime, Chaiko became aware of a softening in Dawns attitude toward him. When their eyes met, she smiled and did not try to evade his looks or hide her face from him. She passed him the food with more deference and waited more patiently on him. He frowned and searched her closely. Aware of his scrutiny, she lowered her eyes modestly and showed herself the old Dawn, quiet and in harmony. He kept his eyes on her, noting that her face was more alive and the looks she flashed were sparkling with energy. He had to wonder what time of the moon it was.
After the meal Chaiko returned to his work. The much-awaited Falcons were nearly finished for Tael, Kray and Stow, although more oiling and rubbing were required and one still needed a little more shaping. Taking a quick stock of his seasoned wood, he decided to make smaller weapons for the boys Ruba, Ork and Sosa, so that they, too, could start practicing. He then spent some time thinking about how he could fit the wood to their size and strength.
After tidying up, Dawn bent over Yael and watched the delight spread over his entire face. She could not help but respond in kind. She made cooing sounds through pursed lips and he replied with joyful sounds of his own. The baby waved his fat arms at her and she picked him up and placed him to her breast where he nuzzled her noisily. He did not suck hard as he was not really hungry yet, but took great comfort from the nipple in his mouth, the smell of sunshine on her skin and the rhythm of her heart beating reassuringly. Unconsciously she started to sway and hum a simple melody, the vibration of sound joining their bodies.
He was such a warm thing; she enjoyed the feel of him in her arms. He was noticeably heavier, and she took pride in her sons growing, both in size and in strength. He held onto her with more vigor, so that lately she had to peel him away. She looked at his head with pleasure: new soft hair was growing in, darker in color than the yellow fuzz he was born with, and his cheeks were chubby and red.
Soon he was contentedly asleep in her arms, his mouth still working her nipple. Gently, she lowered him and covered him in the softest of skins. Sleep well, my little son, she whispered kissing his cheeks lightly. It was too bad that one had so much else to do.
She got up, picked up her water skins and joined some of the other women at the spring, taking turns filling their water bags for the night. They were in a happy mood, teasing one another, so that even Ulla dared to laugh. Her flesh does really jiggle, Dawn noted, but she was very pretty with a smooth, soft face and an expressive mouth atop a soft and round body. Dawns people, who prized softness, would consider her to be even more beautiful. Yaya splashed some water on Nebu, and she indignantly splashed some back, all the women scattering to avoid the spray. The squealing suddenly stopped as Ela approached, and a pained silence prevailed. Only Calla went to the girl and patted her arm reassuringly. There, there, child, tomorrow it will all be better. You will see. Ela flashed her a grateful look, but it was tinted with embarrassment, too. She loved attention but not this kind.
On returning to the cave, Dawn found Chaiko by Baers fire, from over there keeping an eye on Yael as he talked. When he saw her return he gave a small wave, returning oversight of the baby to her, and sank deeper into the discussion. Dawn looked about. All fires were lit and banked, modest flames eating holes into the darkness of the interior and projecting a dance of shadows onto the walls of the cave. A steady quiet murmur filled the interior as people settled down. Dawn hung the water bag in its place and went to check on Yael. He appeared restless, his face creased in an unpleasant expression, and small, complaining sounds were coming from him. Concerned, Dawn leaned over him, peering into his face, noting the worry lines. He must be having a nightmare, she concluded. She caressed his cheek, patted him reassuringly and cooed quietly. Soon he settled down and as he relaxed, the frown lines were replaced by his usual expression of contentment. Dawn kept caressing him still. You need me, son, she said in undertone, half a statement, half a question, Dont you, my dear? The baby gurgled in his sleep and she wiped the drool from his face.
Cosh joined Chaiko and Baer and soon Tusk ambled over, too. It was too late to start up the council fire, so they had an impromptu meeting right there. Tanya withdrew slightly from the men and sent Lana to visit Ido.
Chaiko had been saying that Falcon belonged to all of the clans and that they needed to send runners to teach them how to make and use the new weapon. Cosh had heard about this often enough during the course of the winter, but it was new to Tusk. He quickly warmed to the idea, especially because he was grateful for all the kindness that the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan had shown them and thought this would be a great way of repaying them. It would also prove the clan saying: Kindness will be with kindness rewarded.
The real problem was who to send, since everybody was needed here at the cave. Chandar was the only unattached person at this time, but in spite of all his good qualities, it would be awkward to send a new member to represent them in such an important mission as this. Makar was still too young and flighty to be suitable. Without saying so, Rea and Gill were judged to be too old for the journey, especially since they had had to travel great distances recently to get here. No, someone young was needed, but old and experienced enough for the task. Malek was fully immersed in planning his projected painting and thus was not considered. The consensus seemed to settle on Kray, notwithstanding that he had two children and a mate. Tacitly Taels name was never proposed, which small fact did not escape Tael who was lying in his furs not too far off, certainly within earshot.
Lets sleep on it, Baer decided and they all went to bed. The fires were banked, and except for the guard fire in front, the cave became fully dark. Outside, the moon glowed palely over the landscape. The cycle of moon begins anew, Chaiko mused. I must not forget to mark it on my counting skin, was his last thought before he slipped into sleep.
The next thing he noticed was that it was near dawn with the sun about to smile into the darkness. The birds outside were already stirring in expectation of daybreak and a light wind agitated the leaves to fill the background pleasantly with their rustling. Chaiko thought how the wind might drive off the mist more quickly and give them an early answer. Let it be today, he wished. The anticipation of the clan was still high, but the constant waiting could wear away their readiness and, in time, make them despondent again. He stood up, wrapped his furs about him and headed to the lookout. Outside, a golden burst of sunlight dazzled him, the tender warmth of its rays caressing his face.
The flood of golden light transformed the landscape. In the near view, dewdrops clinging to the grasses and leaves sparkled like wide-scattered jewels in the sun. Farther off, the color bounced off the layer of mist or was trapped and absorbed. Here and there the mist swirled as the wind tore into it, the layer already much thinner.
Behind him, Baer, Tusk and Cosh approached. Chaiko shook his head to let them know that nothing was yet visible. Still, they came and stood with him peering into the murky distance. Tusk stretched, unfolding his long arms, expanding his massive chest with the fresh air. He grimaced as his joints cracked with the effort. Beside him, Chaiko felt puny.
Cosh the scout carefully examined the land that was obscured by the mist. Here and there tops of trees were showing which gave him some reference. The bald rock of Round-Top was revealed, bathed in golden light. We ought to go hunting, he said.
Yes, hunting, Tusk agreed with him, brightening at the prospect, especially after the heavy responsibility he bore in getting the rest of the clan back safely. Besides, a hunt was a hunters answer to everything. The details were quickly settled. Cosh would lead Tusk, Gill and Rea to the southwest to hunt and to investigate the condition of the pastures there. If the herds came they would need fodder. The younger men could be led by Malek on a shorter excursion to the west, then north along the line of the wasteland. That group would include the new man Chandar, Tael, Kray, Stow, Crow and Makar with the assignment to hunt and to see if they could find any tracks across the barren wastes.
The details thus decided, the four leaders headed back to the cave. The word was quickly passed around and was greeted with enthusiasm. When Cosh allowed that the new hunters could take their Falcons, further rejoicing broke out. Everybody was most anxious to prove his weapon on a real hunt. Tusk took his familiar spear. Though his skill had improved, he lacked the confidence to trust the weapon yet. He hefted his heavy spear, but noted with some passing sadness that his companion of many hunts was suddenly devalued by the deadly effectiveness of the new weapon. There was no denying that the talons could outfly any spear.
The preparations were suddenly interrupted. In front of them all stood Ela, hugging herself protectively and stammering timidly, Hes gone ... Taels gone.
Yes, he has gone to relieve himself in the bushes for sure, child, Calla offered.
But Ela shook her head. He left in the middle of the night. The moon was still high in the sky ... The young woman started to cry.
A shocked silence followed this revelation. Tael gone? Where? Why? Surely it was all just a mistake? Tanya moved closer to the distressed girl. Mistake or not, the girls pain was obvious. She took an arm and patted her reassuringly. Nebu took the other, and they supported her, consolingly.
Hes been so mean of late. Always angry with me. Ive done nothing to displease him. He has not been the same since Toto died, the tortured confession burst from the girl. She rolled her head from side to side as fresh sobs convulsed her. Over her head, Tanya looked at Nebu, her eyes full of sympathy. But there was no comfort they could offer for the death of a child, none at all.
It wasnt your fault, Nebu whispered, her hand tightening on Elas arm.
Tael was made crazy with grief too, Tanya tried, stroking the girls hair.
He was away all day yesterday. Last night he came back late, didnt say a word and then he hissed at me, his eyes full of hate, of me. ... And I have done nothing. The young woman was overcome by a fresh wave of tears.
I know, Ela, I saw, Tanya murmured, trying to calm her. They had all seen it last night. Baer was going to talk to Tael today. Maybe Baer should have called Tael to account right then, and all this could have been avoided, proving the clan saying that he who hesitates to do what is needed will soon be overtaken by the need he has ignored.
This drama caught everyones attention. They stood around indecisively, unsure of what to do. Most were choked up with emotion, shifting uselessly from foot to foot wondering what to say. Emma blew her nose loudly in a skin and then wiped her eyes.
Excuse me, a voice called out somewhat tentatively. Everyone turned to face the new man Chandar, calling attention to himself in the middle of this crisis. What could he want?
Speak, Baer commanded curtly without much sympathy.
My Falcon is gone, said the new man, and four talons with it.
A new shock surged through the crowd. Baers face was suddenly contorted by grim lines. Gone how? he asked, but he knew already.
Falcon is a very valuable weapon, Chandar said. I laid it beside me last night and covered it with fur so that the moistness of the night air would not touch it. This morning, it was not there. And the four talons were also gone.
Even the slowest among them were starting to put the two events together. First the disappearance of Tael and now the missing Falcon. The bones chilled at such thoughts. Baers face turned even grimmer. Theft will not be tolerated!
The implication of this latest revelation burst upon Ela, and she suddenly unleashed fresh cries of anguish. Everybody winced at the pain in her tone. Tanya and Nebu moved closer and threw their arms about the poor girl. Calla rushed over, then Emma and all the rest. Even Tay joined the women clustered protectively around one of their kind, tears freely running down their faces.
The men looked on incredulously at this show of solidarity among the women, but did not know what to do themselves. They all felt touched by Elas plight, even hurt for her sake, but did not know how to express it. There was plenty of shuffling of feet, clearing of throats, and racking sighs of helplessness.
All the commotion woke up Yael who started to cry, his chubby arms waving in distress. Even through all the noise Dawn heard him and hurried to his side. She picked the baby up and clutched him. She continued to cry silently, but did not return to the women for fear of upsetting her son even more.
Of the men, it was Chaiko who recovered first. As a cripple he had quickly learned how to stuff an overflow of emotions out of sight, and did so now. He strode to the fore and called out in a loud voice, People, a bad thing has happened and we are all upset about it but let us not lose our purpose. We are sad for our sister Ela but we shall not let a wicked deed steal our peace. He walked up to the group of women and took Ela gently by the arm. Ela, we all share your disappointment and are sorry. You did not deserve this. But know that the clan stands with you. We are here for one another. Such is the way of the clan. Ask what you need and you shall have it. We will not let our sister be hurt or go without. He led her gently back into the cave, to her bedding, and then left her in the care of Tanya and Nebu.
From then on Baer took charge. He told everyone to return to their fires, rest a spell and then prepare for the hunting expedition to which they had been assigned, realizing that people had to win back some of their composure before they could set out. Then he told Cosh to go and see if he could pick up Taels trail. Do not follow. Just see in which direction he went, was his instruction.
After that a choked silence settled on the cave. To everyones great relief, Elas cries subsided, but the silence that replaced it was in its own way just as painful. Such a rush of events. Such an unbelievable act by one of their own. No one could remember anything like this ever happening. In time people started to whisper to each other, while the children, quietly sneaking away, ran into the forest where they could yell and shout, which, after the constraint of the cave, they were only too glad to do.
Cosh returned. His report to Baer was short. He went east, heading toward the hills, out of our lands. Baer merely nodded tersely. To himself he allowed, Good. Had he been caught, we would have had to do something drastic ... perhaps distasteful, to punish the thief. This way ... let guilt run from itself and be its own condemnation. The back of his mind protested again. It is better to deal with things ... do not delay again, but he closed his mind to the objection; he had enough worry with the lateness of the herds. Where were they?
Soon after, the hunting parties departed, leaving the cave even quieter than before. The women were subdued, shaken by the events of the morning. They sat quietly, exchanging gloomy looks. On the other hand, with every step away from the cave the mood of the men lightened. It was not that they were callous but they could not do much with tears, whereas hunting they well understood. Action was the answer to every situation. Let the women wring their hands; the men would hunt.
It was turning out to be a beautiful day. There were few clouds in the sky and the sun shone down with benign warmth. The mist soon disappeared but revealed a still empty plain. No great herds of bison, no long line of elk, no herds of antelope and horses.
Back at the cave, as time passed, pain consumed itself as the depression lifted slowly. One by one the woman ventured forth on some errand. Yet they were all uneasy. Through Ela they had all been hurt, and they could not shake off this foreboding feeling as easily as the men. Still, it was significant that all who could stay away from the cave did so for as long as they could. After a time even Ela rose and went to get some water from the spring. When she approached, the others quieted and cast their eyes down in a somber, guilty mood.
Dawn had remained in the cave. To console herself she clutched Yael in her arms, rocking back and forth. The baby was soon asleep. Carefully she laid him down and returned to softening the moose hide. There were four pieces, all becoming nicely pliable. She rubbed some grease onto them, smoothing them down with a round river pebble. She worked steadily and soon there was only one skin left to do. Yael whimpered and she shushed him, but when he persisted she picked him up. Just then Chaiko came in and dropped a pile of green sticks he had harvested from the woods. Dawn frowned to herself, thinking, he will probably assume I have played with the baby all this time. However, Chaiko was much too busy thinking about the different sort of woods he had collected, but he did notice that her softness of the day before was gone, wiped from her face. He sighed and returned to his work. The sap was still flowing from the sticks, the young bark slippery. He thought that perhaps when the sap hardened it would add to the flexibility of the wood. He would have to see. Soon he was totally absorbed by his work, oblivious to all else.
Dawn was finally finished with the moose hide. It glistened from the grease and all the burnishing. She had all four pieces laid out and was matching sizes of deer skin that would fit inside. Pleased with her progress, she closed her eyes, and visualized the footwear. She opened them again, smiling. Yes, she was sure it was going to work just as she had imagined it.
Yael was up and fussing again. She crawled over and looked down on him. She never tired of the recognition that crept into his eyes, and the instant happiness it occasioned. Just than a shadow fell upon the ground, and she quickly turned around, a defensive expression on her face. It was Tanya smiling at her, but the smile hid a guarded thought, that it was not good for the baby to have so much attention. She should say something, for look what happened to Tael because nobody said anything. But this required some thinking about. It would take a great deal of tact to come between a mother and her child.
I went to our plot to see if any of the seeds have shown themselves, but none have yet, said Tanya conspiratorially.
They would not be up yet, Dawn responded.
I thought not but I could not resist, admitted Tanya. How long will it take?
I dont know, confessed Dawn, maybe a half moon.
Oh. Tanya was disappointed. That was a long time. She gracefully gathered her wrap, held it out of her way and went back to her hearth to engage Lana in some task.

Late, almost toward evening, the group of young hunters led by Malek returned. They had all shot at something with Falcon, but had all missed. Crow did on purpose, reasoning that one groundhog was not worth the price of making the others feel inept. Indeed, the acolytes made a great point of the fact that Crow, too, had missed. That Makar couldnt hit anything in his excitement was foreseeable for all.
Malek reported to Baer and Chaiko, in his usual thoughtful way. We saw little in terms of game. We came across some tracks of family groups of deer and some antelope and even an elk, but the droppings were hard and the signs were all days old. The wasteland seems empty of life and I doubt that even a lizard can live there.
They can, Chaiko affirmed, having crossed the wasteland last year about four times, and was thus a little more intimate with what lived there.
Didnt you see anything significant at all? Baer asked, keeping the disappointment out of his voice.
Malek shook his head no but then paused. We saw something ... odd, he said settling on that word. We came across a coyote in the flatlands. He was after a rabbit and in the heat of the chase did not notice us. When he did, he was quite close and hugely startled. He let the rabbit go and slunk away in a hurry. He was most eager to get out of our sight. We were surprised, too, and did not shoot after him. Who would want a smelly coyote anyway?
What is odd in that? Baer wanted to know. It occurred to him that odd was an odd choice of words to describe such a commonplace event.
A little later, we saw the coyote behind us. It was slinking from cover to cover and following us. When Crow and Chandar went back to investigate, he once again ran away. But a little later he was back again tracking us. Surely it was not hunting us, was it?
Baer shrugged his shoulders. He could find no significance in the coyotes strange behavior, but it bothered Chaiko. Bear next wanted to know about Chandar.
Malek closed his eyes and thought awhile. He is a good man to have on a hunt. He is quick, has a good eye and can already use Falcon well. He is a fair tracker and is quick to recognize the lay of the land. What else can I tell you about him? He is very companionable, and I never heard him complain.
Yes, I read him that way, too, admitted Baer, but he is too good. Why should anyone let go of such a valuable a person?
Oh, I heard tell at Lesser-Bear-Claw that he had grown restless there. There was some talk about being on the wrong side of an affair of the heart. Sometimes you can catch him heaving great sighs and then making big round cow-eyes. But when you ask him, he hurries to deny it. So what should one think?
The others nodded sympathetically. Affair of the heart. Baer thought of Tanya, and Chaiko thought of Dawn, both shuddering at the thought of being on the wrong side of that. Having thus finished his report, Malek nodded and went off to find his mate, Nebu. He also wanted to show his boys Ruba and Ork how to mix colors.
The two brothers sat in silence for awhile, thinking over the information they had been given. Baer sighed. Where is Cosh? he asked in a dissatisfied voice. Then he turned to Chaiko and challenged him, What do you think about the odd coyote? Be a shaman, in other words!
Chaiko thought before he answered. Coyote is not a cowardly animal. I heard tell it sometimes stands up even to a bear. So why should it run from Malek and the rest? Somewhere this coyote has learned to fear man. But then, why should it follow men over a distance? I tell you, this coyote knows men too well for my liking. It was expecting man to kill and hoped to scavenge some scraps.
Then that coyote knows too much, agreed Baer.
But then where has the coyote learned all that? Coyotes hunt alone or sometimes in a pack. They like to claim a hilltop for their own and control the territory around it.
So? Baer wanted him to come to the point.
That coyote did not learn about man from me, I would have known. I would have seen it following. And so would the rest of us. So, where did the coyote learn all that?
Baer was fully alert now, his brown eyes boring into Chaikos. Do you think there are others near about?
Possibly. To the west, on the other side of the mountains are Dawns people, the People-of-the-Elk. Last year there was someone else, not of our people and not of her people. But the fire caught him in the open and he died. Dawn and I buried what remained of him.
Baer looked at his brother and wondered, not for the first time, how he had survived the fire sweeping over him. Maybe he does do magic, as people claim about him. But he denies it.

The sun was low in the sky when Tusk, Cosh, Gill and Rea returned. Strung from a pole was a fat buck, all four staggering under its weight. Three talons were sticking out of the carcass: one that found the heart and two the hindquarters. It was a good bet that the one that killed belonged to Cosh. The two others farther back must therefore have belonged to Rea and Gill.
Tusk was enthusiastic, even though he had had no part in the kill since he had taken only a spear. This buck came around some boulders. He surprised us and we surprised him. Cosh yelled for Gill and Rea to shoot, and since the buck was running away, they hit him on the hindquarters as you can see. Then Cosh, with Falcon drawn, waited until the buck had to get around something and turned his side to us. That is when Cosh shot, and a great shot it was. The buck fell and was dead instantly. As for me, I was squeezing my spear in excitement, a spear I never got to use. Falcon changes everything. And he shook his head part in admiration, part in apprehension; it changed the world a little too much for his liking.
The fresh meat immediately lifted the mood of the cave. People did not forget the sad event of the morning, but put it briefly aside to enjoy the prospect of a feast. Eager hands skinned and cleaned the buck and soon several roasts were over the fire, a delicious aroma swirling about with every puff of wind. Ruba tried to catch some dripping with his hands for tasting, risking being burned for the pleasure.
Cosh had little to report beyond the bare outline of the hunt they had already heard from Tusk. He did enumerate the number of trails they crossed and the animals that used them. There was, unquestionably, game on the plains but spread thin. Of the herds, of course, they saw nothing. The grass was lush, just awaiting their arrival. When told about the coyote and what they suspected, Cosh agreed that the odd behavior indicated that there might be other people about, but he had not seen any.
By the bachelors fire, Gill was suggesting that both of them should be awarded claims of Second-Spear, the clans way of accounting who had rights to what share of the kill.
We shot the buck in the butt, protested Rea.
Yes, but we hit it first. Accordingly, we have a right of claim on the skin and an extra portion of meat.
You shot it in the butt, Rea repeated. Cosh killed it with one shot into the heart.
The buck had its back to us when we shot, Gill retorted, still arguing his claim. Where else could you hit it? Claiming does not question where you hit it, just if you hit it. Each continued to debate thoroughly the merits of his position.
The sun had long set and the moon was high in the sky when the meat was cooked enough to be served. Emma apologized that she did not have enough seasoning, no sage and no dill. Tusk muttered darkly something about dill-wasps and Gill was quick to agree with him.
The evening was turning into quite an occasion, with roasted meat served hot off the fire. Everybody attacked his serving with gusto. There was nothing like fresh meat. It was tender, almost falling apart in their mouths, deliciously full of taste. Soon the faces shone with grease.
The portion that Chaiko was given was very inviting, served still steaming on a broad leaf. Beside it were tender shoots of alfalfa and crisp celery. The savor filled his mouth with anticipation. To do honor to the food and to heighten the pleasure of eating he practiced the correct form of etiquette; he held the meat in his left hand and used his right to pinch a piece and to convey it to his mouth. He took a bite and closed his eyes with the pleasure of the flavor flooding his mouth. The first bite was always the most delicious, the expectation most heightened, and the senses most aware. The meat was especially succulent, hardly needing any chewing. He almost swallowed it, but held back to prolong the enjoyment. Taste tended to wane quickly, especially as the stomach filled up.
Kray was admonishing his son Sosa to mind his manners and not to wipe his mouth on his wrap. Properly, he should wipe his face with his hand and then rub his hair with it. Grease was good to slick and nourish the hair, it was commonly held.
I have told him that many times, Yaya added.
Oh, Tay called out with surprise and pain, Mommy, the food bit me.
What can you be talking about, girl? There was no bone in your piece, her mother Yaya exclaimed.
No bone, insisted Tay, tooth. She held a small piece of something in her hand. Her mother took it from her and inspected it.
Well, will you look at that! she said in astonishment. It does look like a tooth.
Let me see, her mate asked, holding out his hand. Thats not bone, thats a flint, he called out in surprise.
The word flint caught Kors attention nearby. Let me have a look, he said across the boundary stones. Kray gave the chip to Tay who happily ran and gave it to Kor.
Its flint all right, Kor determined, but of the most peculiar yellow color. He turned toward Kray and asked, Where did you find it?
Kray shrugged, I did not find it. Tay did, in the meat.
In the buck? Kor asked in astonishment.
Yes, Yaya chimed in, she said it bit her.
After that people around the fires were curiously passing around the tooth that bit Tay. Nebu gave it to Ile, who after looking at it, handed it to Dawn. Seeing it Dawn uttered, Oh! in surprise. Chaiko lifted his head and looked at her inquiringly. She passed it to him. Swallowing his mouthful, he wiped his face on his wrap and peered at the shard in his hand. It was yellow flint! He sat up straight and looked up to meet Dawns eyes. There was no question, this was yellow flint, they nodded to each other.
The previous year when they had lived here all by themselves, just the two of them, they had become aware of someone else in their vicinity. It was a solitary hunter, a stranger of some different people. They had come across an old campsite where they found flint of the same yellow color. The stranger had died in the great fire that swept the plain, but his presence had threatened their peace and security. Strangers in clan lands? And now, in Chaikos hand was a piece off the same yellow flint!
Who found this? Chaiko asked aloud. People turned, then pointed to Tay. Chaiko went to the little girl, knelt somewhat awkwardly because of his wooden leg, smiled at her and asked, You found this piece of stone?
Tay stared with big eyes at the Master of Magic, but said, correcting him, It isnt a stone. Its a tooth and it bit me.
Where did you find it, Tay? Chaiko asked as gently as he could.
In the food, Tay was pointing.
In the meat? Chaiko asked.
Tay bit into it and it cut the inside of her mouth, Yaya explained. It was in the meat.
Chaiko went back to his fire lost in thought. Dawn was settling the baby down in the furs after having fed him. Now she looked up at her mate questioningly. He nodded his head, yes, but then shrugged his shoulders. He let himself down heavily by the fire and sat there, preoccupied with his thoughts, the meal forgotten. He had had these same feelings before, last year, when he first became aware of someone in the vicinity but did not know who or how many. An uncomfortable, unsettling feeling. Tomorrow, he must talk with Baer at length about this.
It was late into the night by now and people settled down quickly to sleep. The moon shone brightly and the landscape was etched in pale silver. A few clouds were in the sky, like islands in a sea of stars, far above and far away. A shooting star traced a quick line across the sky, then just as quickly winked out.
Chaiko was still lost in thought. It could not be Dawns people, the piece of flint proved that. Neither they nor the clan had flint of such color. Could it be that Yellow-Flints were again in this land and the coyote had learned about men from them? What would be the wise thing to do under the circumstances? He, the shaman ought to know how to respond to such things. His mentor and predecessor, Samar, could not help him, of that he was sure. Maybe not even Bogan, the greatest shaman of all the clans who founded the Council of Shamans. He sighed into the night. There were herds of bison to worry about and now there was the possibility of strangers to cause concern. Sleep finally overtook him in middle of a thought. He dreamed that his spirit left his body and he soared over the land, looking for strangers, looking for the herd.
******
The herd was moving in a broad front across a wide valley of high grass and gentle hills. Under the shine of moon and the light of stars the herd progressed, driven on by instinct as the animals sensed nearing their destination.
The main body descended a hill and splashed through a shallow river, slipping and stumbling upon the loose gravel bed. A hapless cow with a broken leg stood aside bellowing in pain. The herd flowed around her, countless numbers of them, through the water, their pelts dripping wet. It did not pause, closed upon itself again and moved on. A dense solid line of bodies charged up the far side, pushed into the grass and beyond.
Not every one of the herd knew the way or bothered even to look about. There was a mass of bodies in front to follow, a press of bodies on either side and a mass pushing from behind. It was enough to be a member of the herd, to run as they ran, in an unbroken stream of shaggy bodies. Up and down the legs lifted; the hooves slammed into the soil to throw some dirt behind. Dust and thunder enveloped them, their sides heaving as they ran in the coolness of the night. They would rest awhile in the morning to graze on dew-washed grass, and pause again in the heat of midday. But now, with the moon to light their way, the herd moved inexorably on.
At the forefront of this mass, the lead group picked its way through the countryside. It thundered into a narrow valley hemmed in by cliffs on either side that gradually tightened even more. Twice now the way split up ahead and twice now the lead group chose the fork to the east. But the landscape had changed. Part of the cliff had collapsed in the earthquake of the year before, and the spill of rocks barred the way, pushing the herd through a gap tight against the opposite western walls. The herd quickly bunched up as it funneled through this constriction. On the other side, the line of animals thinned and here and there gaps appeared. The beasts lumbered on, the cliff wall on their left spinning by. Shortly after, the ground dropped away toward the west again and the lead group turned that way. The rest followed. Down a slope, then up a rise. Then a level stretch. Then suddenly unfamiliar hills appeared ahead, cut by a myriad of valleys. This was not the way! There was no friendly recognition of the land beckoning them on, no memory of these valleys and hills. The herd had lost its way! Too many changes to the landscape, cliffs that had collapsed, new waterways, and new hills that grew and obstructed ancient pathways. One error perhaps would not have mattered, but a string of them had misled the herd. The lead group milled in confusion but not for long. There was now no turning back, for the herd was following and it must be led even into the unknown. It had spent last year wandering through this same labyrinth of hills. The lead group led on and the rest followed.
Behind, at the constriction of the landslide, the herd bunched up and the press backed up as more of the trailing herd arrived. As more and more tried to push through the gap, the slower the pass through became. From the narrows the line thinned out even more into a single file of beasts, running on, following. Down a slope the line went, bearing still to the west. A bull stepped into a gopher hole and went down with a bellow of pain, his fate thus sealed. The next in line veered aside to avoid the fallen bull, looked about confused in the dust, then ran on further to the east. When he emerged from the dust, he was alone and the way ahead was clear, to his surprise. But other bison were forming up behind, pushing him on. The old bull then led out of some instinct, bellowing his startled bewilderment, the scar from his neck to chin shining red.
The whole of the trailing herd followed this group that had so inadvertently stumbled onto the right way, heading north by northeast. The followers thus had become the leaders. But the unbelievable had happened. The herd was split! Two thirds went north, lost, into a maze of hills, while a third continued on to the northeast.

Chapter 6
Tanya awoke to the sun seeping through her eyelids, its rays warm on her cheek. She sat up and stretched languidly, then straightened her wrap before getting up. Others were just stirring sleepy-eyed, too, as it had been late by the time people settled down to sleep the night before.
The women were still upset by Taels desertion of Ela, and it awakened in them the unthinkable, their own fears of abandonment. Thus they had sought some reassurance from their mates that night, clinging to them and hugging them tight. Of course the men misunderstood these gestures of reaffirmation and before long the innocent hugs turned into full intimate rituals.
Tanya smiled as the memory of last night flooded her, and delicious shivers coursed through her body. That is why I feel so good, her heart sang in contentment. Last night Baer had been aroused to full ardor, but was gentle, warm and vigorous all at the same time; returning kiss for kiss, caress for caress; touching her in just the right places to keep her body burning and straining for release. When that release came, it came in a flood. All her feelings, joys and fears, were washed away in an overwhelming tide of passion that left her spent and content.
Their lovemaking had become infrequent over many moons. After his injury, Baer had been unwell and even pleasure became painful. Then as his body slowly healed, a black mood of hopelessness had taken hold of him, and he thought less and less of being amorous. In the isolation that accompanied these events, the couple had fallen out of the habit of seeking one another. But last night had been wonderful for her; all her passion and longing stored up for so long just added to the intensity of her release. Afterwards, as her heart slowed and the pulsing in her ears whispered I love you with each beat, that wonderful peace claimed her. She had been reminded of when she was first in love with him, unsure and inexperienced, but with every sensation, every feeling magnified and multiplied, culminating in that feathery floating feeling of ecstasy. Now just a happy glow remained, empty of all hurt, devoid of all resentment, all passion spent. Oh, he had enjoyed it too, of that she was sure. He had had barely time to turn over before he was asleep. Men must care only for the heights they reach, she thought, and less for the peace afterwards or they would try to stay awake longer to enjoy it. In the quiet of the night she lay, heard suppressed, hidden sounds from other sleeping places, but she was too tired even to smile. It was as it should be.
Not far away, even Calla had cradled Kors head and caressed his thinning hair. What could she want? Kor puzzled, not used to such tenderness from her.
Baer finally stirred, propped himself on one elbow, and yawned like a lion, with a growl that cleared his throat. Tanya watched his eyes flicker then look at her as he, too, suddenly recalled last night. The two exchanged silly grins of pleasure. Go on now, my bear, she said smoothing the hair on his chest and giving him the waterbag. As he drank he reached for her, but she was away.
On the other side of the fire, Lana awoke. She rubbed her eyes, stretched and looked around. She looked at her mother then looked again, noting color in her cheeks and a golden glow that radiated from her face. There was also a litheness in her step. Lana looked at her father just getting up, and saw a similar eagerness of movement, and a face smooth of worry lines. Her parents were suddenly years younger again! Lana broke into a smile. Her eyes then sought out Crow across the cave. He waved back at her.
Dawn woke, still cradling Yael. She stirred gently not to wake him but he sensed her smallest movement and woke too. He smiled at her and was reaching out his chubby arms towards her breast. She suckled him until his demanding noises turned into pleasurable sounds. She swayed from side to side, and hummed under her breath.
Chaiko had fallen asleep seated, but during the night he had fallen over and was now oddly stretched out, half on, half off his fur. When Yael was finished feeding, she burped him, and put him back down on his side propped by a roll of furs. She knelt beside Chaiko and with care not to wake him, gently removed his wooden leg. Last night Dawn had felt the same insecurities as had the others, but Chaiko had been still preoccupied with the puzzle of the yellow flint and she had fallen asleep listening to muffled sounds from the other parts of the cave. This morning she looked about wondering who. It was strange that the tragedy of Elas abandonment had released so much pleasure-seeking. However, it was not insensitivity that drove it; the pleasure was to repudiate the pain, rebuke the insecurities.
Baer sat down by the council fire that Tanya and Ile had lit, and soon Tusk joined him, followed by Cosh. They waited as Dawn woke up Chaiko and sent him stumbling over. Baer quickly looked at each of them. Tusk was the same, awake but unconcerned. Cosh appeared more relaxed than usual, the tension erased from his face, but Chaiko looked slack and drawn. Bear frowned; it bode not well when their shaman was consumed with worry half the night. What could have kept him awake?
It was Tusk who came to the point. What shall we do about Tael?
Cosh perked up because if anybody was going to be sent to get Tael, it was going to be the scout.
Baer, however, was in no hurry to let things come to a head. Im reminded of a man who would shoo away a pesky fly bothering him, but misses the fly and slaps himself on the face, and is left rubbing his stinging cheeks. Tusk looked somewhat puzzled by this reply. If Tael comes back, we will do something about it, but since hes out of our reach, we will waste no time on the matter. Others nodded in acceptance.
Where are the herds? That is what I would like to know, Baer asked, the worry once again building. It had been three days now since the meeting, and the hope they had gained then was fading. They all looked at Chaiko, expectantly.
The shaman closed his eyes and thought. He remembered his dream last night of leaving his body and his spirit flying over the land. Was it a dream or was it a vision? he asked himself, unsure, but he answered, The herd is coming, although they might be fewer in numbers than before.
The directness of the answer took them all aback. This was not Chaikos usual reasoning, just a flat statement of fact. Baer looked at his younger brother, his eyes closed, listening, a picture of incongruity, only fifteen years of age, hardly yet a man. The eyes opened but they did not see. They are coming, said the voice again, a voice that did not sound like Chaiko at all. Then Chaiko shook his head and seemed to be himself again.
Last night Tay bit into her portion of meat and found this in her mouth. Chaiko passed around the bit of flint they had all seen last night. Its a piece of yellow flint thats not from around here. It was embedded in the hindquarter of the buck you killed yesterday. I think that that he had been hunted before by man, and this piece broke off a spear head that had struck him.
There was a wound on the flank that did not look quite healed yet ... Cosh hurried to add, but stopped as the full realisation of the import of all this hit him. There were strangers in the land of the Standing-Rock Clan! Strangers! He held his breath then released it slowly.
Chaiko nodded then continued weaving the evidence together. Yesterday Malek reported the odd behaviour of a coyote that followed them about, who knew the ways of man. Yesterday you brought home a buck with a piece of flint stuck in his flesh. There was a stranger living on this plain last summer, but he died in the fire. He had the same yellow flint and I named him Yellow-Flint after it. But as we say about wolves, there is never just one wolf, for they hunt in packs, just like men.
Silence greeted his words. Extra mouths to feed on less, was Baers first thought, his lips pulled into a grim line. Tusk did not even like the word stranger. Stranger was one who did not belong, had no right of claim. Cosh saw it just as one more thing to be aware of, to look out for.
They waited for Baer to speak, but he waited awhile in thought. There may be strangers in the land. The coyote may know, as you say, but Im not a coyote to understand his speech. Last night we ate the buck, so we cant ask it how it got the flint into its side. Chaiko looked a little startled by how lightly Baer was taking the whole thing, and saw his brothers face looking younger than before. Baer went on with more resolve. Be watchful! Be careful! But we shall not be afraid in our own land! The others nodded their agreement. Let the strangers be wary, for they are among strangers, too! Do not voice around the fires about the strangers. We do not want to scare our people, but quietly let a few know; the rest will learn from them soon enough. Look unconcerned.
Should we send runners to the other clans? Tusk asked, troubled. He was thinking of the friends he had made at Lesser-Bear-Claw. To tell them of Falcon and warn them of the possibility of strangers in our lands?
No, replied Baer without much thinking. With strangers around we need every man. Then his brow darkened as he added, Especially since Tael has run off.
Baer squinted into the rising light of the morning and into the distance covered yet again by thick mist. Cosh, you take Malek, Chandar and Crow. Head ...? he cocked a questioning eye at his brother, who pointed south, south. By the time you get there the mist will have cleared. Look about and see what you can find. Cosh nodded. Tusk and I will take the rest, and swing to the south-west, to hunt and look for bison. He quickly looked around to see if anybody had anything to add, then slapped both his knees with open palms and got up with spring and determination in his movement. This was more like his old brother, Chaiko approved. With his wooden leg he was a lot slower to get up.
The women led by Tanya, bringing over the morning meal to the council fire, were caught by surprise at the early dissolution of the meeting and followed their mates back to their respective fires. On the way, quick words were issued about the expeditions, and the tempo of the day suddenly sped up. People hurriedly finished their food, got weapons ready, wrapped their feet in hides and picked up their carryalls. Soon the two groups formed up just in front of the cave, Cosh and Baer still conferring. If you see anything, warned Baer, do not make contact! Just observe and report back. We will then figure out what to do.
Yaya rushed up to the group and put a piece of dry meat in Krays pack. She then stood on tiptoe and gave him a little peck on his cheeks for the tenderness of the night before. The rest of the group broke into calls of encouragement and applause. Yaya blushed, and ran back to the fire to cover her face in embarrassment. Stow, who felt very much more mature since he was so newly mated, called out, It takes a brave hunter to face a bear, but a dedicated hunter to leave the embrace of his woman behind ... Kray reddened and the rest laughed good-naturedly.
Gill and Rea were discussing the rumor about strangers that was going around. It seems suddenly that we are full of strangers, complained Rea, uncomfortable with the thought.
We were strangers ourselves at Lesser-Bear-Claw, replied Gill, taking that side of the issue in their usual back and forth banter.
That was different. That was a brother clan with the same language and the same customs. We share a common history, Rea reasoned.
Baer came back to his group. He had quickly rethought his plans, it having occurred to him that they had better not leave the cave with only Chaiko and Kor to protect the women. He called to Malek. Go and start your painting, to strengthen our hold on the cave. It would help to have some spirit power on our side, he reasoned. Then he looked about, calling, Chandar and Makar, and when the two responded, he continued, you two stay to protect the cave. Chandars Falcon was stolen anyway and Makar had the legs to carry a message to him if the cave needed to warn him for any reason. The two young men were disappointed of course, but an order was an order.
With things so arranged, the two groups broke out, heading down the slope to be quickly swallowed up by the mist.
Tanya went to Ela to spend some time with her. The women were taking turns keeping the young woman company, not letting her dwell too much on her hurt. Tanya combed Elas hair talking of small, comfortable things, of blueberry cakes and honey glaze. Ela then combed Tanyas hair, envious of the silky smoothness, length and sparkling sheen. Every woman should have hair like that, she sighed deeply, maybe then their mate would not run away; her mouth turned down and her eyes filled with tears. I am not going to cry, she commanded herself, I will not!

Seated in his customary place, Chaiko was working on a Falcon. Shaved curls of wood surrounded him like a nest. His nose inhaled the fragrance of the wood, just the right smell for the degree of seasoning he wanted. He was shaping three new pieces of wood, one for Ruba, and two smaller for Ork and Sosa. Three others were nearly done, waiting for a final polish, then to be strung. Perhaps tonight he could make the presentation to Chandar, Kray and Stow. Maybe he should give them already. His eyes searched and found Chandar piling a load of wood onto the pile along one side of the cave, but he decided no, the presentation should be made an occasion and should be witnessed by the rest. The new man was good, he concluded, always seeking to be helpful.
Chandar, he called and the young man came over to him readily. Close up they appraised each other. Chaiko was impressed by the smooth strength of his muscles and the grace of his bearing and movement. There was a sense of composure about him that was very reassuring. Chaiko peered into Chandars face, aware that women would find its clean lines attractive. A broken heart? This man was too much at peace to be pining away.
In his turn, Chandar mustered his new shaman. He was almost ten years older than Chaiko and taller by a head, but felt his own inexperience as the eyes of the shaman swept over him. He had the uncomfortable feeling that the shaman could read all his thoughts ... well then, let him read, and he did not look away. In the heightened awareness of the moment, all that he had heard about the shaman flashed through his mind. He couldnt see the cripple in the man, but at the same time he couldnt see the man who had walked through fire, was the Master of Falcon, and had magic at his command. Yet there was an undeniable sense of power about the shaman.
Chaiko picked up the Falcon that was intended for Chandar and measured it against him, for his height and reach of arms. He was satisfied that his estimate had been right. The wood was stiffer than most, adapted to the extra strength he anticipated in those muscles.
We need more talons, he said. Go into the woods, find hardwood. Be it from tree or bush, a piece this long. He showed the length required with the spread of his hands. Each has to be straight to be true. Skinned of bark it has to be finger-thick at least. If the wood is stiff, it is good; if too flexible it is not fit for talons. Hardwood has hard bark, soft-skinned wood is soft throughout. Chandar nodded his understanding and left on the errand. Chaiko looked after him approvingly. There goes a man who will not suffer moss to grow on him ... and knows how to obey.
Ido was sent by her mother on an errand to collect certain buds for coloring skins, but Lana did not to go with her because she did not want to get her hands stained. Instead she came to Chaiko and gave him a carefully wrapped package of young grape leaves artfully tied and woven together. Chaiko smiled at her in approval of her tidy workmanship. It was a packet and a puzzle at the same time, how to undo it without tearing or forcing the leaves. He examined it with care as she watched him, delighted as he tried but failed on the fourth leaf. She laughed in the ringing tones of a singers voice that vibrated with pleasure. She took it from him and deftly undid the rest to present him with a handful of raspberries, the first of the season. He was touched that she did not save them for Crow; she gave them to him. But they had always been close. When he was but a cripple, she had been his only real company beside Crow.
Lana sat clasping her legs, tightly drawn up against her chest, her face tilted sideways resting on her knees. What do you think of the new man? she asked, as always, with laughter tickling the back of her throat.
What new man? he baited.
The one called Chandar, of the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan now accepted into our midst, she said in exaggerated, formal tones, a good imitation of Baer at his most pompous. Chaiko had to laugh.
Hes comely and will surely break many hearts wherever he goes, he replied, using the catch-phrase formulation that described a man who was a little too attractive.
The way I heard it, someone broke his heart, she said turning more serious.
The wind whispers many things, but I can never keep all of its sighs and murmurings straight, he admonished her kindly.
Now dont you play the shaman with me, she remonstrated with him in turn. He laughed with delight, and she bounced up and was gone. He tried one of the berries. It was small and a little hard with only a kernel of woodland flavor. But this was the first of the season and he was flattered.
At Lanas laughter, Dawn had turned and watched their exchange. She was somewhat envious of the free flow of words and gestures between Chaiko and Lana. It seemed so simple and natural for them to communicate. Dawn and he were always much more intense with each other. Lately, no, since the last moons of her pregnancy, the distance between them had widened and filled with silences. They had found so little to say to one another. How had that happened? Certainly the baby had absorbed a great deal of her attention, but Chaiko had grown more and more into the shamanless approachable. He did not want to hear about what the baby gurgled, or what the baby did. He seemed to withdraw as soon as she broached the topic of the baby and his care. And certainly, the care of the clan seemed more important to him than either Yael or her. She sighed. It was not always so, she remembered.
The sun stood high in the sky and the mist was rapidly clearing. Everybody stopped to gaze to the southwest to see what they could see. Tanya hoped that the bison had arrived, to guarantee the well-being of the clan, of course, but also to prevent her mate from relapsing into that morose preoccupation about the bison and why they had not come. No, a more relaxed Baer was needed, who had time for her. She flushed with pleasure at the memory of their recent tryst.
There were but few birds circling in the sky and there was no cloud of dust rising above the mist. A little at a time, the hill tops and high places emerged out of the mist that was shrinking, receding. Finally, as gusts of wind drove off the remaining fog, the plain stood revealedempty yet again. Another day without bison. Baer will not be pleased, Tanya thought, disappointed. A pleased Baer was more likely to share his pleasures. Downcast, the watchers dispersed.
Lana sniffed her hair and did not like the smell of smoke caught in the strands. She got some soap root and dried lavender and headed for the pool. In a private little nook of the wood, the spring that supplied the cave collected into a waist-deep pool that people frequented to wash themselves. It was too cool yet for a full bath so Lana knelt on the grassy bank and leaned over the water. She looked at her reflection critically, not pleased with the pixie-likeness that stared back at her. I have to grow up, she said to herself, and become a woman. Like her mother, graceful and gracious. But mother was born that way, while she was born to be what? She sighed deeply, but shrugged off her mood.
Lana slipped the top of her wrap to her waist. She cupped water in her hands which she poured over herself, shivering at its freshness. Again and again, she tried to lean forward more, not to let the rest of her body become wet. Still, as a trail of water found its way down her back, goosebumps rose on her skin and her nipples hardened at the shock. She pressed her lips together and kept wetting her hair until it was thoroughly soaked. Then she rubbed the soap-root and the lavender together in her hand and worked its slipperiness into her hair. She hummed to hold back the cold.
She rinsed then washed again, her mind wandering. Hope the bison come soon and everybody can relax. Maybe Crow will shoot one. He is good with this new weapon Chaiko has made, and there would be a nice new robe to soften the sleeping place. A flush of desire overtook her at the thought, and she closed her eyes to visualize it, but the vision did not want to come. It takes so long to grow up, she complained, I am now twelve and can soon be mated.
She rinsed her hair again and wrung out handful after handful of strands, the water running down in rivulets to disappear under her wrap. She shivered. Then her thoughts jumped again and landed on the strangers whose presence had cast a shadow over their lives so suddenly. Only few words had been spoken, but she was not fooled; she felt the threat in the air. Be careful, her mother had said. Quickly she cast her gaze about, then froze, for there under a tree stood Chandar. She gasped in fright and her hands instinctively covered her budding breasts.
How long had he been standing there, the new man, still a stranger to the clan? How long had he been watching her? Her heart beat faster and faster.
Chandar stood there quiet, not moving, not looking away. His eyes stayed on her still, in spite of her discomfort. She stayed there frozen, kneeling by the pond, her arms across her chest. What was she supposed to do? Then she blushed. What was he thinking? She stole a look at him but his face was expressionless. A man may hide his face behind a mask, keep his hands out of sight, and even cover his feet, yet his eyes can never lie, but will reveal the innermost thoughts, familiar clan wisdom flashed through her mind. She risked the briefest of looks into his eyes, but the twelve-year-old could not recognize what was hidden there. She cast her eyes down in confusion once again. When she next looked up, he was not there under the tree, but she had not heard him leave. What must he think of me? she wondered. Yet not knowing filled her with a shiver of embarrassment, delicious in itself.
Toward the evening the two hunting parties returned, each empty-handed, neither having seen anything worth mentioning. The people gathered at the fireplaces and sat down to more of the buck. The meat tasted good, but lacked the special flavor of yesterday from the anticipation lent by having endured a long stretch of eating nothing but dried meat. After the meal, subdued conversation discussed the disappointments of the day.
Chaiko stood, waited a moment until people noticed him, then called out to Chandar. Puzzled, the young man rose to stand in front of the shaman. With a flourish, Chaiko held aloft a new Falcon, showing it to the assembled cave, then presented it to Chandar. The young mans face lit up with pure joy. Having experienced the sorrow of losing the first, he was all the more thankful for this generosity. He struck the string and it vibrated with the hum of power to murmurs of appreciation all around. Then the shaman gave him four talons as well. May this weapon serve you as well as you serve our clan, Chaiko intoned. Chandar accepted them with solemn grace befitting the moment. He was quick to sit down, clutching the weapon close to him; no one was going to take this one away from him, ever. Next Chaiko called Kray, who stepped forward to receive his Falcon, thanking Chaiko in a clear voice and promising to serve the clan well. His family, Yaya, Sosa and even little Tay called out to him proudly. Finally Stow received Falcon with a humble expression, emotion choking his voice as he tried to put into words what he felt but could only utter, Thank you, thank you ... and had to sit down, quite overcome. Ulla was beside him with a wide smile on her face, pride overcoming her shyness for the moment.
The presentation lifted the mood as Chaiko had intended. To heighten the moment even more, Tanya asked Lana to sing. Gladly, she performed one song after another, her light voice flowing smoothly through the rise and fall of each melody. The love of music glowed in her face and in each tender, pure tone. She captivated them all. There was no better medicine to lighten the evening than music sung so beautifully.
After a while she introduced songs that called for a refrain and the rest enthusiastically joined in. Once again it was noted that Chandar had a very nice voice. Song after song rang in the air as darkness enveloped the night. Then the singing stopped, but people were reluctant to break away from the warmth and togetherness that bound them. Baer sat with pride shining on his face. Tanya smiled at Lana, thanking her with her eyes.
You have a beautiful voice, Chandar said, praising her, and for the first time there was an expression other than calm in his voice and face. It speaks to the soul. At that, a twelve-year-old heart fluttered with something other than modesty. Then Crow came to stand near her, his face aglow with the fire her songs always lit in him.
Dawn was rocking her baby, and close by stood Chaiko, his face soft again, his eyes turned tenderly on his mate and child. Dawn looked up at him, turning to show him the quarter profile, her preferred side that he had not seen for some time, not since before Yaels birth. Her heart quickened while his pulse soared, and the blood started to sing in his ears.
That night as people settled down, the fires collapsed onto themselves, the stars grew brighter in the night sky and the moon lit up the land. Crickets chirped and frogs croaked on a distant pond, filling the night air with steady background noises. There was a brief thrashing in the grass as some mouse fell victim to a silent hunter of the sky, the white owl. The wind blew gently into the cave bearing the fragrance of sun-drenched valley land.
In the cave among snores and rustling of furs the people slept, some dreaming, some simply immersed in the darkness of their sleep. At the fire of the shaman soft noises grew in urgency and vehemence, to increase in beat, to collapse into a choked-back half-cry, then to gently settle down again. Two bodies lay intertwined, fully spent.
The night passed to the turning of the stars and the track of moon across the sky, then the lightening in the east, till the sun unfolded over the land. The entrance of the cave lit up, and golden light flooded into the deepest recesses. But no one stirred. Yesterday had been long, and made longer by the spontaneous celebration far into the night, attesting that the Standing-Rock Clan stood firmly together.
Outside there was a calming sound of the wind rushing through the leaves and grass, as gust after gust bent the branches and tore into the mist. A bird rose into the air, turned into the flow and rested as the air flowed by it, not moving from the spot. It stayed awhile thus hovering, then folded its wings to swoop down to the ground where it looked around for bugs.

Emma was the first to get up, hacking and coughing, trying hard to clear her throat and ease the tightness in her lungs. She took a long drink, but it was her breathing that was constricted. She stumbled off to relieve herself in that private place in the bush reserved for the women. Ela woke next, but seeing the empty place beside her, fell back into her furs and covered her head. Tay woke up and looked about, surprised by the quiet, but soon amused herself playing with colored rocks, smooth and round. Gill woke up, raised himself on one elbow and looked around. Not seeing anyone up yet, he lay back down, turned his back on the sun and closed his eyes again.
Ruba rose next, rubbed his eyes then got up. He stood over his younger brother Ork who was not moving yet. Dissatisfied he walked over to Sosa and finding him asleep as well, poked him with his toe trying to kick some life into him. Sosa complained in his sleep but only turned over. With nothing to do Ruba wandered out into the open, squinting into the sun. Arrogantly he stood on the open slope and peed into the grass. Then he quickly looked about to see if anybody spotted him doing something that was not allowed, to dirty the approaches to the cave. A large beetle crawled on the ground and he took up a stick and directed the bug with it, first one way, then back, preventing its escape into the tall grass.
From a nearby bush a bird erupted and Ruba looked up to find a rabbit standing there looking at him, its nose rapidly sniffing at the air. Very slowly Ruba picked up a rock and sprang up to throw it at the creature. The rabbit ran and was well away, but the stone would have missed in any case. Nonetheless he threw another into the bush that was rustling.
Ruba was now at the brow of the hill in the full sunshine with the breeze playing with his hair. He yawned. He reached under his wrap and scratched himself where he was itchy. Lately he was growing hair where he had had no hair before, his groin calling attention to itself. He scratched some more and wondered about the odd sensation.
His eyes wandered out over the land. Noting the nearly cloudless sky, he concluded it was going to be a nice sunny day. Good, maybe he and Sosa could go hunting for eggs, if they could get away from his pesky brother Ork. The trouble was, Ork and Sosa were nigh inseparable, shadows of one another.
Rubas eyes wandered along the river snaking across the valley floor, edged by trees. The willows were dark green but the other trees were still a lighter hue. The river led his eyes into the distance to the smoke that was hanging there.
Smoke? Fire! His eyes flew open wide as he stared toward the far horizon. Fire! He wanted to run into the cave yelling, but then something stopped him. Smoke should rise higher ... then he saw it for what it was, a cloud of dust rolling in the air in the distance. They are here! The thought flashed through his mind and his heart jumped in his chest. They are here! And he was racing back up the slope, toward the cave.
They are here! They are here! They are here! he shouted, his throat suddenly hurting as in his excitement he strained the small muscles of his vocal cords. The pain was real and tears flooded his eyes. He ran into the cave, croaking, They are here!
People sprang up from their sleeping places, eyes wide open and ready but not knowing where to turn in the suddenness of such a rude awakening. Cosh grabbed Ruba by the arm and shook the boy, shouting, Whos here?
It did not help that Ruba could not see for the tears in his eyes. For the moment he forgot the needed word so could only croak, They ... They are here! his voice weak and hoarse.
There were not that many possibilities to fit the situation and instantly people rushed for the open, then to the brow of the hill to scan the distance to the southeast. There, above the horizon, was the cloud of dust for all to see.
Bison! Baer muttered the magic word, relief washing through him.
Bison, Tusk repeated.
Bison, Cosh said to himself reverently. The lumbering beast was his one great passion.
Chaiko was rushing down the hill still fumbling with the strap attachment of his wooden leg. Bison? he asked, his voice breaking with excitement and was greeted with a joyous reply from all around, Bison!
And bison they were, of that there could be no doubt. Nothing else in their world cloaked themselves in a dust cloud like that. And though they could not actually see their shapes, all were convinced.
Yiyyi! Tusk shouted into the air, Lets go hunting!
Hunt! Hunt! Hunt! The hunters chanted. And even the women joined in, briefly filled with the same bloodlust as the men as the shouts rang in their ears. Even Chandar, who was not that familiar with bison, his clan hunting upland game, was caught up in the joy and excitement of the occasion. But no one whooped and hollered louder than Makar and of course, Ruba could only croak out a few words. Ork and Sosa were laughing silently at him, clutching their throats in mimicry of the older boys difficulty.
The men rushed back into the cave to collect their weapons and the women their carryalls and packing gear, for on a big-scale hunt they would go along too.
Wait! People wait! Baer yelled into the tumult. And people paused and looked expectantly at him, eager to follow his direction. But to their surprise he sat down. The bison have arrived. Good. Once here they will not go away. I know you are all impatient. But do you seriously want to go hunt and lug the meat all that distance? I certainly would not. He looked around questioning. The others exchanged foolish looks as they realized what they had proposed.
Its good to see the bison coming. Its good to know they are here. And Im impatient to hunt them too, but tomorrow or the day after theyll be here, within easy distance. All the heads were nodding now in agreement.
Cosh, Baer called loudly, go, take with you two young men, and scanned the eager faces, wanting two of the fastest: Crow, he said looking around, and Chandar. It would be good for the new man to learn the ways of bison. Go and see how large the herd is. How many young are with them? What is their condition? Is there meat on their bones? Are their pelts thick or scraggly? He rattled off the most obvious of his concerns. Dont forget to look at their waste to judge what and how much they have been eating! What is their health? Cosh nodded, he did not need to be reminded. He knew bison. With a wave of his hand he turned and led off with rapid strides that the other two found hard to match. The three disappeared down the slope, leaving behind them a huge hole in the conversation.
The crowd remained on the hill watching until the three reappeared from the scrub bush onto the open grassland of the bottom land of the river basin. Cosh was first, pressing through the grass, Chandar next, and then Crow hard pressed to keep up.
Back on the hilltop, Baer reflected that there went their hopes for the year, hanging on what the three would find. His eyes lifted to the cloud and peered into it, but he could see no dark shapes or dots, just a shimmering dust that was rising higher as the heat of the sun increased.

Chapter 7
 By midday half the herd was already in the valley, spilling out of the mountain pass and spreading out on the bottom land like a flood given its way. The momentum of the migration still drove it on, and out of habit the herd charged into the unending fields of grass, trampling a broad avenue into the virgin pastures, then fanning out in all directions, track after track separating. As the main body melted away bit by bit, its forward movement slowed and soon just drifted leisurely on, grazing.
Someplace in the forefront of this tide, the old bull Scar-Face was tired of running and tired of the interminable dust. He did not yet notice that the dust had ceased when they reached the grassland; he could still smell it in his nose; his eyes were still full of it, and the back of his throat was caked with it. It would take him days before he would adjust to the new environment of the plain and regain his sense of smell and taste.
All around him the earlier cohesion of the migration was breaking down as more of the beasts veered away on tracks of their own. Small herds and families swerved from the main flow, reasserting their own identity. Soon they shrank to just a group of bachelors, five in number. His long-time travelling companion One-Horn was not with them, but maybe they would meet up somewhere in this wide open land. The group passed a cow lowing, hoping for a reply from her calf lost in the last rush into the grass.
Even through the smell of dust, the old bull detected water ahead and led the group toward it, over a rise to a meandering stream. They were all thirsty, and at the sight of it they broke into a canter. The bulls splashed into the water and were drinking greedily, the water soon sloshing about in their bellies with each swallow. The old bull paused, having to take a breath, then lowered his head again to drink. This time he could taste the water, so clean, cool and fresh, with no trace of silt or mud or contamination by the herd. He lifted his head and the water rushed from his nose and mouth. He was still thirsty but his stomach was uncomfortably full already. He gazed at the gently moving water, the sandy bottom clear, each pebble, each bottom plant magnified. A silver flash of fish startled him and he backed out onto the bank. He lowered his head and tasted the grass gingerly. It looked green and was crisp and juicy. There was no grinding dust between the teeth as he chewed. He gathered a second mouthful, which tasted of the sun, fresh air and fertile soil without a hint of mold or rot. Gradually recognition filled him, as the bull well remembered the taste. His memory was locked onto the flavor, less well onto the vista of the wide plain spread out in front of him. They had arrived; they were again in the summer grasslands. He bellowed softly in greeting and his companions answered one by one. If a bison could be content, then the old bull surely was.
Scar-Face looked back to the south, where the dust still swirled high into the air as the rest of the herd defiled onto the plain. The line of beasts was broken, with sporadic groups of stragglers trying to catch up with the rest. He lowered his head to fill his mouth with grass again. The old bull then looked north to a gently rolling land as far as the eye could see, with fields of waving grass welcoming them.
At the sight of the sea of green, the urgency that had throbbed in the animals veins and had driven the migration onward, slowly ebbed and their progress slowed even more, drifting out of habit north. More and more the herd around them scattered. The small group crossed the stream again, and the old bull paused midway to drink, luxuriating in the waters freshness and being freed of the shove and press of bodies fighting for a sip of churned up muddy water. The bull snorted into the air, into the freshness of the breeze blowing, untainted by the heavy odor of sweat of countless bodies, or from the stench of excrement. The bull splayed its legs, arched its back and stretched, the small bones of his vertebrae crackling deliciously. A few steps beyond, he dropped down on a slip of sand, rolled over on each side, twisting, grinding himself into the sand, working its coarseness into his pelt to scour his hide. He stood up much relieved of the itching. He then briskly shook his body and massive head from side to side, his sides quivering, his fur flying right and left; the whole record of his journey, written in dirt and dust, was thus unburdened, smoking from his pelt. It all felt utterly satisfying. Yes, Scar-Face had arrived. A few more days like this and the old bull would feel whole again.
It had been good to run with the herd, to be a part of the seasonal ritual that throbbed in every bisons veins. It had been good to see their own numbers, though less this year. It had been good to display the power of the herd making the earth tremble with its passing, and to stamp its will into the soil. That was the glory of the herd on the move. But now it was the time of dispersal, resting, grazing, restoring; to mate, to give birth, to suckle and to grow fat on the unending plain of grass. Layers of fat to lay up for winter. Yes, the herd had arrived.
There were hoofbeats approaching and the five instinctively drew near one another and closed rank. A small herd of bison came around a curve of land led by a young bull in full pride of strength. On seeing the bachelors there, the young bull pulled up short and the rest obediently followed their leader. The young bull snorted into the air, questioning, and studied the group in front. He then took a few short steps forward, pawed the ground with his front legs throwing dirt into the air, shaking his head from side to side menacingly, and made sure to show a small but wicked set of horns. It grunted, then bellowed a full challenge.
The old bull and the rest turned away, lowering heads in submission, to munch on mouthfuls of grass, pretending not to see the challenge, pretending to be peaceful he-cows. They each turned the head away and showed full side. The old bull belched disarmingly, and swished his tail from side to side, pretending unconcern. He lowered his head again to pretend to be feeding. The young bull took a few steps in a mock charge and the bachelors gave way and moved aside. At a grunt of command, the cows moved by and spread out by the stream to drink thirstily. The young bull stood between his herd and the strangers, quivering with aggressive energy, showing arrogance in his stance. Like all lead-bulls he was ready for any challenge, anywhere and anytime.
The old bull remembered the feeling. There was little separating him from the young bull; two years of fighting perhaps, and one defeat. That was all it took, one defeat. Until then the cows were glad to receive his seed and bear his offspring, but afterwards they did not even notice him. The old bull sniffed the air and tasted the smell. His experienced nose told him some cows would be coming into heat soon. He threw a sideways look at the herd and turned his head to watch it covertly. The young bull instantly took offence, prancing toward him to intimidate. Scar-Face dropped his head, bit into the grass and became a peaceful he-cow again chewing his crud. Ah what, in his time he had cast his seed and sired many young.
There were then fresh arrivals, a line of bison pushing toward the stream, intent on drinking. The young bull snorted, faced the new threat, grunted a short command and his herd followed him in a compact little group to disappear in the untouched grass. The newcomers hardly looked at the five bachelors; they themselves were a motley collection of old cows and a few broken down bulls.
The old bull crossed the stream, the four others in tow, and sauntered up a slope. Near the top Scar-Face stopped abruptly at a strange unidentified smell of something alien. He extended his neck and drew the air noisily through his nose, testing it. He did not know what it was, but it was not bison, nor bear, nor wolves or lion. There was a strange mixture of killing and smoke in the whiff, just a suggestion of each. His feet shuffled nervously as his eyes scanned ahead into the grass near the crest. The bull beside him was also becoming agitated. He too had noticed something.
The old bull did not know what he faced. He was smart enough not to risk it. Without further hesitation he turned aside and retreated down the incline, the rest following, to take a wider route around the suspicious spot.
At a distance, he looked back but could still see nothing. He tossed his head, showing the bright red scar on his cheek. He was fast becoming a cautious, prudent old bull.
******
Hidden in the grass on top of a hill Cosh, Chandar and Crow looked out with great interest on the land spread before them. A scattering of bison drifted by, with dots of more in the distance. Chandar and Crow were together cautiously peering just over the grass, staying behind cover. Cosh was slightly ahead of them, more exposed perhaps, but he was more experienced in the art of stealth, and had a better view of the herd from his vantage.
Thats a bison, Crow told Chandar who had grown up in hill country and mountains.
Ive seen bison before, Chandar protested mildly, but not so many.
This isnt many, Crow added with a dismissive wave of his hand. In fact, what we see is only a few. You should see when the whole herd fills the valley. Crow remembered sitting on his fathers shoulders, and watching the herd pass by for days.
A handful of bison advanced up the hill, paused suspiciously near the top, then retreated and made a wide detour around their position. Crows fingers itched to draw on Falcons string and send a talon into the broad side of a beast. But they had been instructed not to hunt at all; this was a scouting expedition.
Did you see that bright red mark on that bison? Chandar asked excitedly. He had never been this close to a bison before.
He got it probably in a fight with another bull over some right of claim, Crow guessed.
How can you tell a male from a female? Chandar asked. Indeed, with the tall grass covering the animals flanks, it was hard to know.
The males have broader shoulders, a more pronounced hump at the withers and a more massive forehead which they use to butt each other, Crow expounded, pretending more knowledge than he possessed. He shooed away a fly buzzing him. That was a bull in a company of males, probably too old now and given up on fighting. They fight a lot you know, the males. All the time. For the privilege of mating with a cow, for grazing pasture and for claiming a drinking place. They do not seem to need much pretext. He broke off a piece of grass and twirled the stalk between his teeth, cleaning them. He kept his eye on Cosh, as he did not want to miss a signal of silent finger-talking used between hunters. You should see them fighting. They like to go at each other, head to head, with such force that sometimes the skull cracks or even splits and the brain splatters out through the nose and ears. Crow enjoyed the look Chandar gave him.
Cosh signaled, and his fingers talked. Be quiet, follow, move right, then down, then left, Crow interpreted the signs, whispering instructions to Chandar. The three moved, careful to keep concealed, down into the valley. They paused at the stream, where Cosh read the prints and with a stick stirred into a pile of excrement; a swarm of flies immediately descended upon the uncovered insides. Cosh nodded to himself and they made their way up to an outcrop. Cautiously they peered over the top and had a good view of the herd radiating out into the plain.
The three scouts dropped down and the grass closed over them.
******
Chaiko was fumbling through his collection of things bundled in various skins and tied up. That was Dawns doingorganizing everything neatly. The trouble was that it was sometimes hard to find what he needed. He came across a bag of badger skin that had belonged to Samar and held his set of shamans tools. Chaiko had not examined it before as he knew so little about what to do with it. But a shaman had to do what a shaman was supposed to do. He sighed and took each item out to inspect.
The first was a rattle made of turtle shell. He did not know if it was supposed to have any magical properties, but it made a loud dry sound when shaken. A good way to call and command attention, he thought and laid it aside.
Next there was a carefully folded skin with three eagle feathers inside. The eagle was an honored bird for its power in flight, for the courage of its dive, for the accuracy of its strike and not least, for being all-seeing, above the common view of things. Three was considered a lucky number, but he did not know why and doubted if anybody else knew. But three was a good number to send out on a mission, for if one got into trouble the other two could cope with it.
Chaiko unwrapped the next bundle to discover a few bones of Grey-Wolf, the only relics the clan had. Chaiko stared long at the bones, now almost crumbling with age. He knew how much store Samar had set on these few bones of a wolf, but he had no confidence in them at all. Carefully though, he packed them away.
He took a small pouch full of small pebbles and let the pieces cascade through his fingers. These were Samars years, he thought sadly. There should be one more, he concluded, for the old shaman died before choosing the next stone. Using Dawns counting words, he painstakingly tallied up the stones, reaching a total of fifty-two. This was a goodly span of years, much more than most would achieve.
Next followed a number of trinkets he could neither identify nor figure out what they could be used for. Perhaps as memory aids, like year-stones, to commemorate something worth remembering.
Then he found a roll of deer skin. He unfurled the skin and examined the inside. Painted on it was a series of signs in black and red in regular procession. He knew these to be Samars recording of the phases of the moon and associated seasonal events like the time of arrival of the herds, the swarming of fishes, first snowfall and the like. He knew that Samar was most frustrated with this, because it could not keep proper track of time from year to year. He rolled the skin back up, but made a note to himself to look at it again soon, for the idea was worth working on.
Then he unpacked more objects, which he thought were spirit items but was not sure how they related. One was supposed to bind spirits and trap them in an artifact of sorts, but this confronted him with the murkiness of the spirit world, and he felt discouraged. A shaman must make some accommodation with it: ask for intercession or the like on behalf of the clan. Healing. Hunting magic. All that lore a shaman was supposed to know. He must come to terms with the spirit world; his position required it of him.
But how? He knew so little about this, less perhaps than most. He knew that behind the real world of the senses was the spirit world. But so were thoughts, and dreams, or were they just a reflection of reality? Trance through fatigue or hunger conjured up visions of the spirit world, did it not? It seemed so unlikely to him. But a hunter is a hunter because of his confidence. Can a shaman do less? Could he see the spirit world but at the same time not believe its existence? Who could help him? Another shaman, perhaps. Or possibly Malek, who looked at things with different eyes. Chaiko rose, determined to ask the painter.
Dawn looked up from her work and smiled at him, still full of peace from their lovemaking the night before. At sight of him, she was again flooded by that memory, and was reminded how good it had felt. But he did not return her smile; his eyes were somewhere else, and preoccupation with some thought filled his expression. The turtle was thinking again, she observed to herself fondly and she returned to the nearly finished footwear in her hand.
Chaiko found Malek at the back of the cave working a section of the cave wall. With a stone in hand he was chipping at the surface to even it. On impact, a small powdering drifted down and the air smelled lightly of stone dust. There was a pleasant rhythm as stone met stone, while Malek hummed a melody to help him with the tediousness of the effort.
To Chaiko the wall appeared smooth enough already but as a craftsman himself, he respected others practising their craft. Malek paused and ran his free hand over the surface testing its smoothness by touch. He shook his head, unsatisfied, then noted a shadow and turned in surprise to find Chaiko standing there.
I came to look, but I see nothing is ready yet ... the shaman said.
Come, Malek motioned and led the way farther along the wall. He stopped, lifted the torch and pointed at about eye level. Looking closer in the flickering light, Chaiko at first saw nothing until his eyes adjusted, then as if emerging from the stone itself the figure of four bison appeared; a bull in lead, two cows and a trailing calf.
The shapes were drawn with a few flowing lines of charcoal, partially filled with dark brown, ochre and accentuated by a few marks of lime. The effect was astonishing. The simplicity captured the character of the bison better than reality. Pictures to hold the spirit of the animals, he rejoiced. He had been right to come to the painter.
Is the spirit of bison in there somewhere? the shaman asked.
Malek was taken aback by the question; was a shaman asking him that? He thought hard and tried to explain. I dont think the spirit is in the painting itself. The pictures merely evoke the spirit of the animal within each observer. The shapes, the drawings merely wake up the recognition inside each of us who is looking. That is why each of us sees different things in the same picture... The pictures remind us, rather than fill us. He looked questioningly at Chaiko, to see if he understood. Chaiko wanted to understand. He could see the point that a spirit could not be held by simple lines and splotches of color.
When I paint, I try to show the intent of the animal, not the object the animal is. I try to paint the relationship the animal has with its world, including us. I try ... I try ... the voice of the painter trailed off. They both recognized that their language was sometimes inadequate to express what was needed.
Chaiko nodded. This is very good, he said with approval of the work, very good indeed. And for the first time he could remember, Malek smiled at him. Chaiko left the painter feeling that he had indeed learned something about spirits, but was it the bisons or was it mans?

Chapter 8
The scouts returned late afternoon of the next day. They had camped on the open plain, surrounded by the noises of the herd moving north. Now they were tired from hurrying to bring back their discoveries. Baer wanted to hear them right away, but Tanya kindly but firmly insisted they be given a chance to wash, eat and drink before making a report. Due to her intersession the scouts refreshed themselves while the rest of the cave seethed with impatience.
Then Cosh stood and without any preamble launched into his report. The herd is back, but not all of them. Perhaps only a third or even less. They are, however, in ....
Wait! Baer interrupted. The herd is missing a third? Or is the herd the third youre talking about. This was a very crucial point that needed confirmation right away.
What? Cosh was confused, as he had already been thinking far ahead. The herd is but a third of what it usually is.
So then, two thirds are missing. Or maybe even as much as three fourths? Baer was considering the frightening implication of these ratios.
Three fourths? Cosh was stumbling over the difficulties they all had with numbers. Very few ever understood ratios. He took a breath and tried again. The herd we saw was less in number than in other years. It was less than half. In fact it was about half of half ... A groan rose from all around as all of them tried to figure out this new arithmetic.
Baer held up his hands for quiet and tried again. You saw, say, about ... one third only? He decided it would perhaps be easier to work with a simple third and avoid getting into half of half altogether.
But Cosh did not know how to get from a quarter to a third quickly and his confusion showed it.
Well less than half, Baer tried to help. How much less?
But Cosh could find no satisfactory answer to that. How much less than half? Did he not say half of half already? Baer held up his hand again. Lets leave the numbers till later. And the whole crowd nodded in unison.
There are no yearlings around except for the rare one. It looks as if last years generation did not survive. There was a murmur of sadness at this news.
The animals are in reasonably good shape, but it will still take them about a half moon to fatten up and fill out. Now you can see a few ribs and the hip bones jutting out, even through their coat... He took a quick breath and continued on. The furs have started moulting and some already look terrible, hanging in tatters. Early moulting is usually a sign of trouble, an indication of stress. Anyway the pelts right now are not worth taking. In a moon and a half perhaps, for soft new fur, and not till late fall for a full winter pelt.
They seem to be in good health generally. Their scat is the right color, firmness, and full of dust as usual when migrating, and there was no sign of worms or other vermin.
The grass looks better than in most years. It is thick new grass; the fire cleared out the old. The water courses are full and running clear water, and there are fish in the streams. A good indication that the waters were healthy. So there is plenty to eat and drink for the herd. But there is not much shade to be found. Most trees were burned by the fire and the few that survived show only part foliage... he tailed off. Was there something else?
There were few questions after that. Most people only wanted to know when they could go hunting. Baer kept quiet, deciding to discuss the rest in private counsel. The crowd dispersed, though a few came to Crow to see if they could get something useful out of him. But he could add little to what had already been said. Kray went up to Chandar with whom he had formed a closer bond, and asked him his impressions. Chandar replied that he had never seen so many animals together at once and he was surprised that the clan considered the numbers so few. To him the numbers he saw more than sufficed.
Around the council fire Cosh was more direct. Dont hunt at all for a handful of days; let the animals put on some weight first. Travelling has melted the flesh off them. Then hunt sparingly, only enough to supply ourselves with fresh meat, and wait for the fall hunt to take full meat for the winter larder and harvest the pelts when they have recovered their winter coats.
Tusk agreed with him. Baer just nodded in response.
Chaiko added a few prohibitions of his own. For now, take the old and the males only. Leave the cows to drop their young and let them take care of them. We must allow them time to fill the gap in the line of generations.
Baer said, This year we will take strictly what we need and no more. With that the meeting ended.

Lana and Ido were coming back from the creek with bundles of willow switches, laughing and teasing each other. But the laughter quickly subsided when they noticed the new man, Chandar, standing on the path. Both girls immediately straightened, and modest, demure expressions replaced their mischievous grins. They noted again, as the whole clan already had, how handsome the new man was.
They were set to pass him, with an appropriate murmur of shy recognition, when he called out, Lana, I hear that you know a lot about birds and I would like to give you this nest that I found while scouting, in hopes that you can tell me what kind of bird made it. He pulled from behind his back a nest which he presented to her. Both girls looked at it in surprise that stopped their breath. The nest was a very neat, tightly woven affair, in its centre an egg of a sparkling color, and beside it a cluster of white flowers in a lace bed of delicate ferns. A small roll of aromatic bark and a red rosehip berry completed the composition. Oh, Ido said melting, shyly stealing a look at Chandar who stood there quietly enjoying their reactions. Lana was frowning lightly.
The nest is the work of a swallow, pasted somewhere to a cliff wall; the flower is the lily of the valley, growing only in the shade, not on pasture land, as does the fern. The rose hip came from the bush yonder, she pointed, and the egg is obviously a colourful pebble you found in the river bed. Her voice provocatively challenged him and he laughed delightedly.
Lana grabbed Ido and pulled her along. Ido kept looking back in wonder. Is that not a perfect arrangement? she asked, out of earshot. Is he not wonderful?
That he is, admitted Lana dryly, but how he had known that lily of the valley was her favourite flower? Or that she loved colored rocks which the egg plainly was, a very pretty, almost perfect pebble, smooth and round? She frowned again.
Beside her Ido looked at her friend, envious. She thought Lana had made yet another conquest and Lana was not even happy with it. Would there ever be someone left for her only? But please not Makar!

Kray, who worked wood at times, was tremendously impressed by the Falcon that was given to him. Unconsciously he reached for it, caressed the smooth wood and admired its deep burnished color. He could not comprehend the strength locked into the graceful, slender curve of the wood held at bay by the stout string. For Chaiko he had nothing but admiration and awe for the magic that was obviously used to make such a powerful weapon. He looked guiltily toward the shaman, acutely conscious that he had looked down on the cripple before. Now he was afraid that the shaman could read it in his eyes.
Tay, who was sitting in his lap, reached up and grabbed his nose to get his attention. Fater, you give Tay eggs. Many eggs. Tay love eggs.
Fondly caressing his daughters cheek, Kray promised her he would find her some eggs, and then set her aside, rose and wandered over to the shamans fire. He waited politely at the boundary stones to be invited to sit.
Come, hunter Kray, Chaiko gestured in welcome, hiding his surprise, for though they had shared the same cave all their lives, they knew each other hardly at all. Kray sat down self-consciously. Dawn hurried over and offered a few mushrooms to the visitor, the only thing she had at hand. Kray took one and dutifully nibbled at it, though he found it hard to swallow since his mouth was so dry.
I hope you and your family are well, Chaiko opened as form required and his visitor was quick to reassure him. Chaiko then noted that the weather was fine and promised to be sunny all day. Kray rejoined that the clouds on the horizon were fluffy and light and it was not likely that they would bring rain. Chaiko then suggested that perhaps they would have a mild summer, and the two men sat facing one another, nodding their heads.
Then having done enough of the polite ritual to satisfy the conventions between people who knew each other, though not very well, they both fidgeted, ready to start on the actual concerns at hand. Shaman, Kray began with a nervous clearing of his throat, I thank you for the Falcon you gave me. It is a great weapon, full of magic. Chaiko nodded encouragingly, though inside the reference to magic irked him. Why do people always insist on attributing what they do not understand to magic? Kray continued, It is very beautiful and wonderfully made. I work with wood and know how difficult it is to control it. Then he took a deep breath and launched into his petition. I know I have not the skill and am not worthy ... still I would be most honored and would work very hard if I could be permitted to make talons ... he paused, anxiety flooding him as to how his offer would be received.
Chaikos face lit up. An excellent suggestion and your offer would be most gratefully accepted! There was no mistaking the gladness in his voice, and Krays face brightened with relief and pleasure. Indeed this was a most welcome offer as Chaikos time was taken up too much with the making of talons. The two men beamed at each other. Soon Chaiko and Kray had their heads together talking wood. Dawn and Yaya exchanged looks of surprise. How did that come about so suddenly?

Emma was bustling around her fire and kept stumbling over her son Crow and Makar awaiting something to eat.
Food will not be ready yet, she said irritably. Her back tooth was aching and she was not disposed to be kind about anything. Why dont you two find something useful to do?
Makar wisely kept quiet but Crow dared, Like what? There is no hunting, and gathering wood is for women and children. He spoke thus, reminding her that now he was a hunter and not under her sway.
Well then, mighty hunter, she said in full ill humour, why dont you chase after that little girl of yours instead of vexing your elders?
Crow was taken aback by this exchange, since his mother did not typically harass him. He stood up and said, That is what I was meaning to do anyway. I certainly dont intend to sit about and listen to an old woman. Makar kept very still, rightly sensing that one of his humorous vignettes would be misplaced in the present atmosphere.
Shortly after, Crow caught up with Lana spreading fur covers out over the bushes to air in the sunlight. She was flushed with the effort, her hair straying into her face which she kept sweeping out of the way. As Crow approached she looked intently at him. He gave her a geode, which he took apart to show the crystal lined hollow inside. How beautiful, she exclaimed, accepting it, thrilled to have received two such gifts the same day. She looked at his bright open smile, and without meaning to, started to compare him with the straight, strong features of Chandars face. She shook her head to clear it of questions, smiled up at him and said, Thank you.

For two days the bison herd drifted north at a leisurely pace, dispersing over the plain. To the watchers the thinness of their numbers soon became apparent. Still the hunters were itching to start hunting instead of scouring the bottom lands for less worthy game. Let them gain some weight, Cosh went from fire to fire, entreating.
Around the council fire the leaders discussed the mounting impatience. It soon became a necessity to organize the hunt to boost morale, so a limited hunt was therefore planned. Two parties were decided on, to sweep up either side of a broad valley on a parallel course and trap bison between them. Everyone was to take part, except Kor, Calla and Emma.
Pick a few targets, Baer recommended, and let the hunters shoot at those. This hunt is to get fresh meat and to bloody the weapons, not to count a great number of kills. Pick only one or two, no more.
That will ruin the pelt, with six, seven talons sticking into each, Cosh complained.
In its present condition of moult the pelt is not worth much anyway, Tusk contributed.
Do not shoot the females or the young; pick on an older, subservient male, Chaiko added, emphasising his concern.
After the morning meal it was made known that a general hunt was being organized. Everybody was filled with instant enthusiasm and wanted to rush off right away. Finally a hunt!
Tomorrow! Baer yelled over the din of rejoicing, We start first thing tomorrow, thus winning another day for the beasts to put on some weight. Hunters, look to your weapons. Women, look to things that you will need. There will be two groups. One led by Tusk and Cosh, the other by myself and Chaiko.
Chaikos heart leaped in his chest. This recognised him as a hunter! A year ago he despaired for the honor of this rank, but with a few words, Baer had now confirmed it. Certainly, a year lay in between, a year in which Chaiko had taught himself to hunt and become a hunter, but this recognized him officially in front of the clan and even better, no one challenged it, not even Tusk, who was a stickler when it came to traditions and hunting lore.
The rest of the day passed very slowly, filled with impatience. Makar was strutting about the cave as he was invited to take part as a hunter-to-be. If he could claim a kill to present to the clan he would be initiated into the ranks of the hunters. Everyone wished him well and showered gestures of good luck on him. To relieve the pressure, he mimicked a bird, this time an eagle soaring high scanning the ground for game, then selecting a likely target, diving out of the air, wings folded, falling, then striking and crushing the hapless creature in the death grip of its talons. Ork often had to play the victim, and he ran, screaming and laughing, but allowed himself to be caught though he could easily outrun Makar. People watched this play with amusement, glad of the diversion. Rea called to him, Makar, maybe we will pretend to make you a hunter, and you wont have to kill at all. That put a damper on the mood of the hunter-to-be; it was not the first time people had failed to take him seriously. Anxiety chased his excitement, and he alternated being under the sway of one, then the other. Crow tried to bolster his confidence. You will do well, dont worry. Just believe in yourself. It was hard, however, to assure someone with the temperament of a rabbit, one hop this way, then one hop in an opposite direction. How can I be confident without experience? Makar asked, not unreasonably. Then have confidence in your teachers, Crow stated with the detachment of one who had already passed his defining moment and had gained the perspective of hindsight.
Chandar was the other person to receive much attention. Although no one questioned his competence as a hunter, it was well known that this would be the first time the young man had faced bison. This occasioned a flood of well-meaning advice and good wishes. Try to take a bison from the flank, in the broad target of his side. Never from the front. He has a thick skull to protect him and dense fur on his chest. Dont get in front of him. They like to put their heads down and charge, to run at you and trample you into the ground. Thus Gill shared his wisdom. Chandar accepted all wishes gracefully and listened attentively to all advice, though he confessed to Kray it was making his head spin, especially the ones that had spiritual implication. Just how much patience does a stone have...? he asked.
Ido approached him shyly and offered a good luck talisman to protect him and to ensure success. It was made of an eagle feather for strength, an owl feather for wisdom and stealth, and a crow feather for audacity, attached to the fragile shell of a snail: there was no luckier creature, able to survive from year to year so unprotected. Chandar accepted her offering with great charm, smiling at her brightly, whereupon she retreated in blushing confusion. The men came patting Chandar in gestures of acceptance and camaraderie. It was good to have a new hunter, all agreed, certainly a lot better than corpulent Simm who had stayed with Lesser-Bear-Claw in his stead. Even Lana waved at Chandar, who nodded and smiled back at her.
Tanya was another focus of attention and activity, directing the women in their preparations. She sent Lana back and forth with various reminders for the women, and was herself busy with checking baskets and carrying skins. Not like that, but so, she corrected, showing Ela the best way to attach a bundle. Tanya had kept the girl close, who had flourished under her gentle oversight. Only now was she growing to realise how misused she had been by Tael. The hurt was slowly changing into relief, although she continued to burst into tears easily, sometimes at the most inopportune moments, like in the middle of a conversation.
Chaiko and Dawn were sitting together by the fire, their preparations complete. Do you remember the deer we got...? he asked her, reminding her of their various hunts together last year. Then she had been a full partner with him; now she would accompany the women with Yael bundled on her back. Do you remember the straw clan? she asked in her turn. Yes, he remembered. With just the two of them on the hunt, all the responsibility for success had been on him. Now it was shared among the whole clan, which was certainly much easier. But it was the pressure and heavy burden of consequence, then, that had made him think and act so innovatively. Food for thought, he mused. Success could lead to complacency; failure and hardship were better teachers, sometimes, if a person was ready to learn.
A thin wisp of smoke rose from the fire, just enough for comfort, and the two of them sat beside it companionably. The distance between them, if not entirely gone, had certainly narrowed. Yael stirred and waved his arms about, bubbling happy noises. Chaiko leaned over his son and peered into the cheerful face. A shadow crossed the babys expression. Wheres mommy? the sounds clearly asked. Chaiko burbled back in like tone and the two of them conversed back and forth. Then the baby laughed and his mother beamed a happy smile, watching father and son play.
After a while Chaiko became thoughtful again, all his attention turned inward. Dawn was bundling grass mats to pack meat into. Beside them, Yael fell asleep. Abruptly Chaiko looked at her significantly and said, Sesko all hamarad eta. Kuriko alte mirondar.
Esta elf mirondar, she replied without thinking and then realised with a jolt that he had spoken in her language. Why? He only spoke to her this way if he did not want someone to overhear. She looked about but nobody was within hearing. She frowned. Certain words he liked, like shalandar that seemed to express love better in her language than in his; shifonas to whisper: kluff-luff for huff and puff. She did not know why he had become so attached to these words and he only laughed when she asked. Why was he talking in Eku now? To fly, a bird must leave its nest, he had said and she had corrected a warm nest but the exchange made little sense. He rarely did things without reason, so what significance did these few words have?
Siskomar ero kurukulos, he said  take not what is unwanted.
Hela? she puzzled, why?
Ekorode se merika ostumar ... iki .. iki, he was painfully searching for the right words. Nosomer, estu elenar obe ro timok.
He had quoted part of two sayings, juxtaposing them in a novel context, but she was at a loss to know why. She felt strange, acutely disquieted. Instead of reassuring her, hearing her language suddenly made her uncertain. The few words reminded her of all the customs of her people and made her aware of how much she was transgressing against them. She realised with a shock the full extent of how much she had changed. From a quiet and undemanding girl of her people, she had changed into a quiet undemanding woman who nevertheless grew to expect things to go her way. Was he reprimanding her in some roundabout way?
Isokar teo ti laminar. Isokar etu tes keru, isalo cokomar. Yet another saying; a lizard on a rock is not the rock, though he pretends to be, hiding in the color of it.
Dawn was thoroughly confused. The sayings were almost correct in form; more jarring to her ears were the inflections in the wrong places. Her language seemed so out of place in the present context of where they were, which disoriented her. What could he want? At the same time she was surprised by his fluency. Last year, when they had been alone, she had learned his language, but in the exchange, he had apparently learned hers too. He was now quoting back sayings her people used to hide behind, which she had also used as a form of defense against the directness of his culture. But why now? What did he want of her?
He squinted at her but offered only the cryptic comment, She who forgets where she comes from, forgets a lot. She was speechless; she waited for some explanation, but it didnt come. Chaiko had again sunk into himself. She fidgeted uncomfortably as her mind buzzed with questions but Chaiko was already out of reach. She sighed, not for the first time. The trouble was that his thinking often led him to ideas and conclusions that seemed so far away that he was unable to share them without lengthy explanations. Most of the time he did not even try and after a while she did not either. All the same it was highly disconcerting to find oneself in a middle of some meditation with no idea how one got there or how to get out. She fidgeted but did not interrupt his preoccupation. Still, it left her thinking about her people and family and she sighed deeply. She was a long way from her past, long in distance and time and now customs as well.

Emma was puzzled and went to Tanya to complain. It is strange, I went to the river bank where there were always great clusters of dill growing in the full sunshine, but I found none there. I looked in all the usual places, but nowhere was any to be seen. With fresh meat coming from the hunt we need dill for seasoning. I dont understand what could have happened.
Dill-wasps were seen around, Tanya offered by way of an explanation. Why dont you use some bay leaves instead?
We have just a few of those left, Emma grumbled, and the new growth has no flavour yet. She went back to her fire shaking her head.
The boys Ruba, Ork and Sosa were tired of collecting wood for all the fires that would be needed to cook and smoke the expected haul of meat. First Nebu drove them to get more wood, then Yaya took her turn sending them on the same errand. Finally the boys rebelled and went off on their own, scaling a cliff to collect bird feathers and nests. Down in the mud-hole pond, they captured a few frogs, then took them up the cliff and encouraged them to jump into the pond way down below. They shouted with glee, betting on whose frog could jump the farthest. Not surprisingly, the frogs did not share their enthusiasm for height or distance, and hid themselves in the mud.
The boys then ranged farther afield, finding dried cattails, and some burrs which they tried to put under each others wraps. Good fun that was. Ork then spotted some snails crawling along their slime trail in the grass and started gathering them.
Ugh, Ruba shuddered in distaste, they stink you know, most awful, so that no other creature will touch them. Look how bright their color is that warns all predators off.
I know, said Ork, and for days his fingers would smell, but he had a plan which he shared conspiratorially with his pals. With growing glee the others joined in the hunt and soon had about a dozen of these unpleasant creatures together. They found a stick that was split lengthwise and stuffed the snails into the gap. They covered them with a few feathers and wrapped a few turns of dry grass to hold it all together. Then they marched back to camp. Yaya wanted to know where the wood was, but they promised to get some more, just as soon as they had something to eat.
Then Ork and Sosa got into a fight and tumbled about on the sand with the whole cave watching. The men cheered while the women remonstrated with them to stop. In the meantime Ruba placed their cunning contraption unnoticed onto the bachelors fire and quietly retreated in a roundabout way.
Stop that, you two! Ruba called loudly, wading into the fight to separate the two combatants. Dont you realise you are age-mates and brothers to one another? Well then, behave! And thus they made peace. Malek was praised for such a son.
Everyone then settled down again and the conversations resumed.

Around the bachelors fire Rea and Gill were at it again, as usual. Gill wanted to trade his footwear for Reas. Sure, mine has a hole in it, he admitted, but yours has two if you notice. I will trade my one hole for your two.
That was not how Rea saw it. Yes, but I can fit six of my holes into one of yours... but then he suddenly lost interest in the conversation as a peculiar odor flooded his sensitive nose. He coughed and looked startled at Gill who also suddenly became aware of a noxious smell. Dill ...? he asked, but the other shook his head. Tusk, too, had suddenly lost his stoicism and looked about, alarmed. The smell ripened both in its richness, variety of unpleasantness and growing intensity. They scrambled to their feet and fled out of the cave. People looked after them astonished, but as the smell hit them, they too sought refuge in the open. The boys Ruba, Ork and Sosa had to be rescued, so overcome were they by the noxious fumes, shaking and rolling on the ground, helpless with great inner quaking.
Hacking and coughing, people were trying to get rid of the smell. Astonished, they asked each other what could have caused such an outpouring of stench; where had it come from? Rea was still spitting; he could not escape the memory of the odor that was still tormenting him. Kray was pounding him on the back to give him some relief. I think hes asking for dill ... he said to Gill, who just shook his head.
It took a while before the clan could trust going back into the cave. They went about sniffing suspiciously but could find no cause. All the same, pockets of the smell wafted about and caused great consternation where it paused to linger. It took a while for them to settle down again, but they were all jumpy, and when Sosa was seen running for the open, half the cave jumped up to escape with him, not wishing to be overtaken by the smell again.
That night the excitement of the coming hunt made everyone restless, unable to calm down. Dawn went over to Chaiko and suggested that he tell a story to help them relax. Doesnt anybody else know a good story? he grumbled, but made ready. People quickly collected around.
In the beginning of days when the land was still empty of life the Great Spirit called forth all kinds of creatures from the womb of the earth to fill the land. It called forth bear, lion and wolves and set them into their places. But all these creatures were vicious, well armed with sharp teeth and claws. They fought and killed each other off, so that the Great Spirit had to create them again and again. So then It created some deer and made them quick, some bison and made them strong, the elk to hide in snow, and the antelope with feet that jumped, so that the hunters had to chase them and were too tired to fight each other.
The Great Spirit filled the air with birds, filled the water with fishes and hid in the grass many kinds of bugs and things that crawled even under rocks, and creatures who burrowed deep into the ground. But one of the shyest things It created was a sundog. It was a puny creature that had tiny teeth for nibbling on roots, tiny claws to dig in the softest of soil and a very timid disposition. The poor sundog found the world a harsh place to live, for it had no weapons to defend itself; it was not fast enough to escape the many who hunted, or colorless enough to hide and not be seen.
The sundog complained bitterly to the Great Spirit, You have made me weak and all the others stronger. You have given me no means to defend myself. And you have made me slow. How can I survive in this world you have created? There is no place for me here.
The Great Spirit had to agree with the sundog, so it gave him big teeth, but it did not have the mouth to hold them. It gave him big claws, certainly bigger than its hands, and tried to give him a shell like a turtle, but it was much too heavy. Then the Great Spirit made the sundog big, but found that the heart of the sundog was timorous and afraid. Big or small it wouldnt fight, not even to defend itself.
Finally the Great Spirit tried one more thing, I shall put on a curse so that whatever touches you, meaning to cause you harm, will much regret it and will never forget it. With that the Spirit covered the sundog with spikes, and to this day whoever touches a sundog will get sharp barbs in the flesh that will stay and fester and will not let it be forgotten that a sundog is a peaceful creature.
Today we call them porcupines. And if you are gentle you can hold one in your hand, but try to harm it and it will surely stab you most grievously. To this day it remains a timid creature unable to hurt anybody on its own, but the Great Spirit in Its wisdom has turned the viciousness of the attacker against itself to protect such a peaceful a creature as a porcupine.
It was a nice story, all agreed; the point was somewhat obscured like all the stories that Chaiko told, and needed some thought to unravel it. The people dispersed and went to lie down, not a few wondering if the sundog was indeed well served. Would it not have been better if the spikes had been made poisonous? Then even a sundog would be greatly feared and much respected.
At the fire of Malek and Nebu, Ruba and Ork were whispering, then burst out in laughter they could not suppress. Sosa soon joined them. This called upon them heaps of irritation, but nothing worked to quell their hilarity. What had got into those boys?

Chapter 9
The morning light found the cave busy with activity, preparing for the hunt. Baer sat by his fire, quietly chewing dried meat and thinking through the plans once more. Tusk also remained by his fire and suffered people to come to him for advice. Cosh went from group to group giving instructions. Chaiko was burning wads of sweetgrass to purify the hunters and their weapons. It mattered not that he did not believe in it much. As was expected of him, he muttered incantations of wish-thoughts: Be strong, be patient, be tireless and the bison will come to you. It seemed there was no end to the things he could wish for them. He intoned, The animals will wait for a patient man but will run from a man in haste.
Repeatedly, hunting calls echoed through the cave, feeding the general excitement. Yi-yi-yiyiyiii! the reply bounced back from the walls. It was customary for someone to start, then for the others to join in, demonstrating their solidarity, a crucial quality on such an important communal effort. The Feast of First-Fires would follow a successful hunt.
This year, though, the hunt was more symbolic as there would be only a token kill of two bison to allow the animals to fatten and recover from a disastrous last year. Take only the old! Cosh instructed over and over again, with Chaiko repeating this injunction, Spare the rest, and leave the cows!
And chew forever on the tough meat, Gill grumbled sourly.
As was to be expected, Makar could barely contain himself. He flew from person to person wishing each well on the hunt. He was going along as a hunter-to-be. People indulged the excitement of the young man, for a new hunter was to be honored and celebrated. Crow gave him an eagle feather as a talisman, and he was proudly displaying it, woven into his hair.
By then, everybody was anxious to start, but the leadership conferred once more. They, at least, were serious about the order of the hunt, for even if this was just a token hunt, it was a rehearsal for a later main effort. Moreover they had a wonderful new weapon and had to develop new hunting methods to fit it. Certainly they needed a new way of approaching and closing with the animals, a new overall strategy.
It was not too surprising, therefore, that when Stow was overheard belittling the hunt, he was sternly reprimanded by Baer himself, who then gave a short talk to rouse the rest. Chastened, Stow said little from then on.
Finally, the word was given, and the clan spilled out of the cave, formed into a marching line and in quick order set off with Cosh in the lead. Emma, Kor and Calla called after them their good wishes.
After long deliberation, a site had been selected not too far to the west, where two converging ridges of rocks pressed in on a valley, forming a constricted funnel. The plan was to drive as many beasts as possible through its narrows and have the waiting hunters on the other side select and kill at their leisure. Two groups were thus organized, one led by Tusk to drive the beasts through the funnel, the other waiting on the other end, comprised of Chandar, Kray, Stow, Makar and Crow. Makar was given lead position to ensure his claim to a kill that was required to make him a full-fledged hunter. The others were young and needed the experience.
By midday they found the valley and the line of rocks. There was a good number of beasts grazing there peacefully, thinly spread across the whole of the open space of the valley floor. It seemed a little ridiculous to expend all this effort for only two bison, but this would test a strategy for later hunts. The groups separated to take their positions as assigned. The first task was to round up the dispersed herd and get it moving.
On the rise overlooking the terrain, Baer and Chaiko had a good view of the deployment. With them stood Yaya holding onto Tay. A little farther along the ridge, Lana and Ido were to be placed to relay signals as needed. Then everybody was in position.
Now? Baer cocked an eye at Chaiko, but his brother merely shrugged his shoulders.
So be it. Baer proceeded to commit them to the hunt by unfolding a large bison robe which he twirled above his head. The robe circled and circled in the air, then Baer threw it as high as he could. The robe opened up, then like some ungainly bird, fell to the ground as the prearranged signal.
At this sign Tusk, Cosh, Rea, Gill, Malek and some of the women circled around the bison and spread out, each making as much noise as he or she could. The booming voice of Tusk resonated over the rest. The bison, however, were not particularly alarmed at the appearance of the humans, but continued grazing, with only a few lifting their heads to look. Yi-yi-yiiii! the shrill hunting call resounded, but the herd barely reacted with only a shiver of disturbance. Cosh yelled as loudly as he could until he thought his voice would break, but the bison continued placidly with their feeding. Rea and Gill were already hoarse, their faces contorted with their exertions. Malek whistled through his teeth. Tanya, Ile, Dawn, and Nebu uttered shrill cries that cut above the noises of the men, but still the herd barely moved. The animals looked at them uncomprehending, not recognizing them as a threat.
Tusk, getting angry at their complacency, strode up to the nearest beast and with the shaft of his spear delivered a mighty two-handed blow across its back. The cow bellowed its pain, and jumped forward to head-butt its neighbor in the side. As that animal fell, in turn, its front leg caught in the ground and broke with a sickening snap. The loud cry it uttered was filled with anguish, and that sound caught the attention of the herd. It shifted uneasily. Tusk lashed out again and a new voice was added to the growing chorus of complaints. The herd started to move, pressing in from the periphery. The steps became a gait which soon broke into a gallop as more and more of the herd was swept up in the movement.
The recent migration still so fresh in its blood, by instinct the herd drew together and closed ranks as it moved with increasing speed up the valley. There was an exhilarating moment as the speed rose and the herd synchronized, and the rhythm of its movement pulsed even and regular. The hooves hitting the ground became a drumbeat for its run, inciting them on.
Good, Baer approved, that was neatly done.
Yes. And they got most of this herd, added Chaiko, also pleased.
The herd was moving, its pace quickening and a plume of dust rising above it. Then the ridgeline of rocks started to force the bison into the centre and the herd became more compact. The up and down rise and fall of shaggy bodies pounded out a new urgent rhythm upon the earth. Into the funnel charged the herd.
Waiting on the other side, the hunters could not see the approach of the animals. That was why they had sent the three boys Ruba, Ork and Sosa, who had begged for this honor, into the funnel to give them advance warning of the herds arrival into the neck of the trap. The boys looked out on the valley and from one side to the other saw a line of brown bodies advancing with a dust cover rising high into the air.
Now? Ork asked his brother nervously, deeply aware of the vibrations growing in the ground.
Not yet! Ruba decided, equally balanced between fear and excitement. He could outrun any herd, of that he was sure!
The herd moved rapidly deeper into the funnel, the rise of rocks closing in, forcing them closer and closer together. The animals had lost all their individuality and were welded by the press into one body with only one purpose: to run and run until there was no place left to run. At the head of this press was an insane bull, eyes full of panic, mouth bubbling froth and mucus dripping from its nose. Fear sat in his bones and terror was driving him on. Behind it was the full stampede of the herd with no place to go but forward. A few of the smaller animals stumbled in the press and fell to the ground; the rest closed and trampled over their bodies mercilessly. It was a race, run or die, run or die, each hoofbeat pounding this dictate into the will of the herd. Run or die!
As the gap narrowed, the pressure on the centre increased, and the crush of bodies grew unbearable. A cow was lifted off her feet and was carried along by this living tide. At the edges, a bison ran full tilt into the rock face, was crushed and ground up by the flow of bodies rushing on. The rocks were painted and slippery with blood. But there was nowhere to go to escape this mad rush. Forward! Press on! Run or die!
Ahead, in the constriction, Ruba decided it was time to make a run for safety; he led, closely followed by his brother Ork and then by Sosa. In their bravado, the herd appeared yet far behind. But to the observers on the hill, the gap appeared much narrower. Oh, I hope theyre going to be all right, exclaimed Yaya, holding onto Tay.
Dont worry, the boys are fast, Baer reassured her, but inside he was fuming; who had allowed the boys to be so exposed?
But the herd was fast, too, and the gap was rapidly closing. As the funnel tightened more and more, the press increased, growing tighter and denser. But instead of slowing the herd, the constriction had accelerated its forward motion to rush it through the narrows. More beasts were lost at the sides, painting the rocks crimson red. More blood was splattered upon the rock walls as the succeeding rush trampled through their remains. The dictum was very simple, the arithmetic equally sparse, run or die, run faster and maybe survive.
Ruba was running in earnest now, as fast as he could, his face contorted with the strain. Right behind was Ork, panting and a step behind him, Sosa. Behind them the open space was shrinking as the maddened herd was running for its life. The throbbing of hooves, striking the ground like approaching thunder, drove the boys on. Sosa looked back.
On the rise the observers were aghast. The herd was closing on the boys rapidly. Yaya was crying incoherently, No, No! NO!
Run, boys, run! Baer shouted but could not be heard over the roar of the herd throwing itself into the funnel, ramming their bodies into the constriction. Chaiko was frozen by a growing feeling of helplessness.
The boys were now running as fast as they could with terror in their hearts and panic in their minds. Again Sosa looked back at the line of closed pressed bodies, the ground boiling with dust under their feet and the earth trembling at their approach. Above them a cloud of dust rose into the air like some malevolent bird of prey extending its wings. Sosa stumbled but saved himself from falling. His mouth moved, babbling his terror. But in that look back, he lost a precious instant.
On the high ground Yaya was beside herself. My poor boy, please run. Faster my son! Sosa! Please run...
As hearts constricted with the unfolding tragedy that no one could prevent, Baer and Chaiko watched grimly on. Their hearts grew harder yet to shut out the pain.
On the ground the boys were yelling, too. Run, Sosa, run! Ork pleaded with his friend. Ruba, his lungs bursting with their need for air was gasping, Run! Run! Run! But Sosa could not run any faster and he knew that he was losing this race. He looked back and saw the flashes of eyes large with their own terror, crazed by the mad dash. The herd rushed on and could do nothing else. Run or die!
The main body of the herd had reached the narrowest section and the congestion was so great that the succeeding press climbed onto the backs of those ahead and continued running on. The herd ran now on two levels; the beasts below ran, the beasts above ran on the backs of those, and the tide of them spilled through the gap.

Sosa looked back, his thoughts strangely quiet and clear all of a sudden, like water in a mountain stream, everything magnified. Sosa would have liked to swim again, to run through fields of grass. He would have liked to laugh again by the fire and to play just one more trick on Ruba. He looked back and felt the hot breath of the herd on his neck and he fell. He tried to rise, but a tired hopelessness held onto him and he sagged and surrendered to the inevitable. He waited for the pounding hooves like hail to fall on him and grind him to bits. He was filled with sad regret.
On the hilltop Yaya yelled, Get up! Sosa, get up! Her hands flew to her throat and she was gasping for air. Then mercifully the dust covered the final scene, and the yell changed to a screech of anguish. She collapsed into a heap, clutched herself and keened her grief, rocking back and forth. Oh, my poor son! Tay, not understanding what was happening, was wailing too.
On the ground, as the dust descended, Sosa took one last breath and braced his body for the onrush of hooves. But then something jerked him to his feet, and something dragged him along. Sosa looked but could not understand what his eyes were showing him. The shape of Crow was hauling him through the dust. But the herd was nigh upon them and the pounding of their hooves had become one solid rumbling beat. Did he not know there was no escape? Sosa puzzled at the shape that was Crow.
Just then, ahead of them, another figure emerged from the dust, the new man Chandar, and as Crow dragging Sosa went by, he stabbed a spear at the nearest of the beasts, burying a good length deep into the chest. Though pierced through the heart and instantly dead, the rush of the beast carried its lifeless carcass forward, and swept Chandar along with it. Finally it stopped, and for two heartbeats the beast provided shelter from the flow. But then the bison started climbing and jumping over the fallen and they were again in peril of their lives with the full flood of beasts to either side cutting them off from safety. It seemed that in the next instant the hole would close over them forever. Crow and Chandar, holding onto Sosa by either hand, were pulling at the uncomprehending boy. It was no use, there was nowhere to go. But to stay was certain death. Crow faced the mad rush, and thought of Lana; if he had to die, he would die with a vision of her.
Then a beast came crashing down colliding into them with half a length of talon sticking out of its chest. A mist of blood-spray from its nose blew over them as it exhaled its last breath. Another bison, climbing around the carcass, also dropped lifeless with a talon buried in its chest. Crow looked behind to see Makar standing in the midst of the rush calmly drawing string and taking aim, sending a talon whistling on its way to kill yet another beast. The four carcasses piled up in front provided a barrier that forced the herd around them, and the four humans took shelter in its lee.

Baer, Chaiko and the rest on the hilltop looked on horrified as the herd overran the entire length of the funnel. Ruba and Ork were jerked to safety just ahead of the flashing hooves. Then rolling dust obscured the entire vista as the roar of thunder passed by.
It seemed a long time until the last of the herd pushed through and spread out on the other side still at a dead run, terror of the stampede still driving it on into the distance. And as the pounding of the hooves faded, the blood drummed louder in their ears as their hearts raced to hold back the unacceptable. The dust still rose above the rim of rocks and hung high in the air. The quiet grew quieter still.
Yaya was rocking back and forth, her lips forming soundless words, Sosa, my dear Sosa. Baer looked at her then had to look away. Tay looked at them all, her eyes begging for understanding but her face fearing it. Chaikos face was pinched with sorrow, but there was nothing he could do. Dead was dead.
Lana and Ido came rushing up, red with emotion. Did you see it? Lana asked breathlessly.
Baer frowned but did not respond. Chaiko made a sad face but also did not speak. Yaya continued rocking, her eyes hollow with the shock.
Did you see it? Did you see it all? Lana asked again.
Yes, we saw it! Baer said sharply, his eyes warning Lana to spare the feelings of the grieving mother.
Lana looked from one to the other. She looked at the dust floating above the valley floor and then at them again. Understanding suddenly flooded her face. She threw herself on her knees beside Yaya, took both her hands, and with cutting intensity said, Hes all right. You dont understand. Sosa is all right!
But Yaya did not seem to understand her words; the meaning would not penetrate her grief. Lana shouted again, Sosa is all right!
How? Baer demanded.
What happened? Chaiko echoed.
From their closer vantage, just ahead of the dust, the girls had had a better view of the events. Lana explained, The boys were running, but the herd was catching up and Sosa fell. He was about to be trampled but Crow, dear Crow, rushed in and pulled him from under the hooves. Then brave Chandar intervened, killed a bison, and that gave them a little more time. But the bison were pressing again. Then Makar stood in the gap, and shot and killed and killed again, a pile of beasts ... and behind them they hid. But they are all right! All of them! Lana turned to Yaya and shook her harshly and yelled into her face, Sosa is alive! But the woman still did not respond.
Baer and Chaiko spun about to look, but the dust still obscured the view. Lana yelled, Yaya! Listen, Yaya! But it was of little use. Chaiko stepped to the woman and slapped her hard on the face, then again the other way. Her eyes cleared briefly and Lana said again, Your son is alive! He was saved by Crow, Chandar and Makar... Ido was nodding her head in confirmation.
My son ... alive ? the woman heard, but was afraid to believe. And again and again Lana had to tell her. Baer and Chaiko just nodded at her begging, questioning looks. She rose, she wanted to see, she wanted to feel her son in her arms again. But the dust still hid the valley below. The herd had vanished into the distance, still pulling a haze of dust behind it. The rumble of its charge was slowly fading to a murmur.
The dust was settling, and the air was gradually clearing. Little by little the view emerged and the carnage became visible. Everywhere dark shapes were lying on the ground, overrun by the mad stampede that had been the herd.
Then the funnel cleared too, and in its constriction a pile of bodies appeared in a tight cluster. Then a group of men. Far below, Crow grabbed Sosa and held him high to show him, safe and sound, to those on the hill. Yaya groaned in relief, then fainted. Baer was barely able to catch and ease her onto the ground. Lana and Ido leaned over her solicitously.
Chaiko looked around at the full view and clucked his tongue. We wanted just two bison, he said as he beheld natures irony. There were more than forty, fifty bodies discarded, in the middle, against the rock painted bright red by their blood.
Above them the first carrion birds appeared, drawn by instinct to the carnage. Soon the four-footed scavengers would also arrive, lured by the smell of gore on the wind. There was little time left to secure the meat. But there was too much, more than they could possibly handle.
Go to Crow, Chaiko, and organize them to collect the fallen bodies, Baer ordered. I will get the others. The bison on the other side we will leave for the scavengers to clean up. We will take only what we can. Then he spun about, with the girls at his heels, and went off to collect Tusk and his group, with mounting ill humor. This was not foreseen, he grumbled to himself. He did not like it when things did not go according to plan. He liked it less when events took such a catastrophic turn as they had here.
Chaiko found a way down through a split in the rock embankment, although he had some difficulty with his wooden leg slipping on the smoothness of the stones. Yaya and Tay struggled alongside him.
The group of young hunters was still dazed by the onrush of events. Both Crow and Chandar were trying to wipe off blood and gore they had been spattered with, and Makar stood still, overwhelmed by the suddenness of it all and his own actions. The three boys were together again, unable to believe the narrowness of their escape. Yaya ran up to Sosa, grabbed him with both hands, and shook him vigorously. Sosa was pale and strangely quiet, his eyes distended, big and round. Yaya started to scold him, then hugged him fiercely as tears of relief, anger and fright flowed down her face. Ruba and Ork stayed out of the way with guilty expressions on their faces, apprehensively expecting a berating.
Chaiko looked about. Eight animals were piled up in a heap, bodies twisted where they fell, then still more stacked on top. He examined each and noted the talons sticking out of the uppermost. There was no question that Makar had saved them. With unexpected calmness, he had shot and killed in the face of the whole herd, the piled up bodies forming the saving barrier that gave them refuge.
Baer, Tusk and Cosh arrived with the rest, disbelief etched onto their faces. All told, there were seventy-four or seventy-six casualties of the stampede. Most were crushed against the side wall of the funnel. Six, critically wounded, had to be killed to put an end to their suffering.
We did not need this! We certainly did not plan this, Baer grumbled, the shock of it in his voice. They had wanted to conserve the animals and now this excess of carnage! He felt sick to his stomach. They did not have enough people to prepare all this meat. Most of it would go to waste.
The trap worked too well, said Cosh, his nose filled with the smell of death.
It was hard to get them started, but once started ... Tusk shrugged his shoulders helplessly in a very uncharacteristic gesture for the big man. He looked with large eyes at the mountain of flesh piled up so near.
We cant prepare all this, Chaiko indicated with a broad sweep of his hand.
No, we shall not, Baer declared. Tusk, take the nearest intact bodies and start fires there, and there, he pointed, then lets get started. To Cosh he added, Take Kray and Gill and see to the other beasts. Skin and save some of the better hides. Cosh nodded.
Baer looked about at the beginning activity, the men straining to drag heavy carcasses onto the piles and the women digging up the grass to make places for the fires. Others were already bringing rocks to edge the firepit, still others bringing firewood. He sighed heavily. They would be here for days, skinning, butchering, and searing the meat, then transporting the load over a half-days distance, to smoke and store in pits ... which were not yet made. He waved Chaiko over and asked him to go back and organize efforts there: pits to build, fires to prepare, smoke racks to erect, and lines of strings for smoking meat to be strung. He assigned Stow to him but that was all he could spare.
So Chaiko, Dawn with Yael in a sling on her back, and Stow started home with a load of fresh meat each, wrapped tightly in a skin. All of them were subdued. Chaiko, who had wanted to conserve the herd, was witness to a slaughter. The deaths were not of their making; still they had set the whole thing in motion. Foreboding filled him.
Dawn was frightened by how close they had come to losing Sosa. If it could happen to him, it could happen to Yael. She could not let go of the thought, and it preyed upon her mind all the way back.
Stow did not like to be separated from Ulla and thought that Baer had forgotten that he now was mated. But he could not refuse the leader of his clan! He was worried. How was Ulla going to do without him?
In the evening they arrived back at the cave. The meat was quickly set over the fire to roast, but the people, hungry for more than food, inundated them with questions. Calla clapped her palms together in consternation, hearing about Sosas peril, as Sosa was her favorite. Emma had to be repeatedly reassured that Crow was all right and did not receive even a scratch in his valiant rescue.

Seventy-five, Kor wondered to himself, trying to visualize that many bodies, but was having trouble, for he did not have a very clear understanding of the numbers Dawn had taught them.
Chaiko tried to help. Three bags full of stones, each with five hands of five in it.
Oh, said Kor with beginning comprehension, that is a lot of meat. Where are we going to put it all?
Tomorrow we will have to make some new cairns in the back of the cave, Chaiko said in a matter-of-fact voice, as if it were an easy task.
In the glow of the setting sun, a large number of carrion birds were yet visible in the western sky, circling, awaiting their turn to land and gorge themselves until they could no longer fly. Some of them came far from the north, some from beyond the mountains, drawn by an invisible force that was attracted to death wherever it occurred.
Chaiko mumbled a wish for the spirit of the animals to depart in peace, then he remembered to be thankful on behalf of the clan that once again animals died so that the clan might live. The waste, he deeply, deeply regretted, especially in a year in which the numbers were so few. In a year that behooved the clan to hunt sparingly.

Chapter 10
All told, it took them four long days of work to prepare fourteen of the beasts. Four days of butchering, transporting and smoking the meat. The rest they had to leave for the scavengers to pick clean. The valley and the funnel were littered with bones. For four days the sky was filled with birds of prey circling, awaiting their turns and opportunity. Hyenas, wolves and foxes were fighting over the remains. Two lions came to claim their share, but the beasts were shy and soon left. A grizzly was seen dragging off a half-eaten carcass, snarling at the pack of dogs following. Smaller carnivores squabbled over the sad remains. But so was life on the plains: some days full to bursting, other days full of hunger.
The people were exhausted and did not want to get up with the rising light. Not even the Feast of First-Fires could awaken their interest. Wisely the feast was postponed to some other day. Let the people rest, Tanya interceded with Baer, who well remembered the hunger in the hills and was slow to relent. But finally he, too, was in agreement.
The clan spent the day lolling about the fires, sleeping, talking of idle things. Some washed and bathed, rubbing the soil of their long toil from their bodies, washing the smell of death from their hair. So much meat had never been seen. Seventy-five beasts or was it seventy-six? Some of the mangled bodies had been unrecognizable.
When I was young, reminisced Kor, we once drove a whole herd of bison over the cliffs. I stood in blood up to my knees and waded in warm entrails. Then the flies came. I remember the flies, he said, amazed that after all these years it was the flies he remembered most vividly.
Chaiko was quiet, outwardly calm as the shaman, but inside bothered by the carnage he had witnessed. It is our fault, he remonstrated with himself. We set the whole thing in motion. The beasts could do nothing else. Wolves would have been wiser, of that he was sure.
That night after the meal Baer called them all together. Some exchanged knowing looks; another inspirational talk to prolong their evening, no doubt. And Baer talked. He talked of how the boys were scouting and how the speed of the herd was overtaking them, and how Crow had snatched the fallen Sosa from death and how Chandar killed a bison and how Makar had killed beast after beast to hide behind, thus saving them all. By now everyone had heard the story, told many times with many variations. But this was the official version, to be told and retold to children and grandchildren.
No one can do more than risk his own life to save another. But in this case three stood ready to risk all and they won. Alone each would have died, but together they each contributed a vital element to their survival. I call on you to honor them. He paused and a generous applause rang throughout the cave.
Crow, Baer called and the young man stood. You have shown us what courage is. When Sosa fell, you rushed in to snatch him from certain death. You didnt hesitate, but risked your life to save his. You have proven that we all belong to each other. I knew your father, a good man, and I hunted with him. I know he would be as proud of you  as we all are. With that he embraced Crow and patted him on the back with an outpouring of pride and gratitude. The cave rang with shouts of approbation. Crow looked about awkwardly, resisting this homage. Yaya rushed over and took Crows hand, which she covered with kisses. Her tears bathed his hands as he mumbled a weak protest.
When the commotion had settled, Baer continued. Chandar, and the young man rose. You came newly to us from the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan and we were glad to receive you. But when you stood bravely against death to save two of ours, you earned our deepest gratitude. Without your intervention Crow and Sosa would surely have died. Henceforth you are not the new man, not a stranger, and if anybody should ask you who you are, you can say that you are of the Standing-Rock Clan. Heres my hand on it. With that the two men shook hands, solemnly as befitting men. Again there were shouts of approval. Yaya, still shy of Chandar, shook his hand with great respect.
Makar, Baer called, and a lightness swept the cave, so accustomed was the clan to being entertained by that young man. When the earth rumbled and all appeared lost and death was imminent, you stood against the flood of beasts and shot and killed them to make a barrier of their bodies. Thus you saved the life of Sosa. Thus you saved the life of Crow. Thus you saved the life of Chandar. I cannot find the words that could express our gratitude for your brave deed so unselfishly done. I thank you. There were many calls of approval from all around. Makar, you are now a hunter and have the right to sit among the men who will gladly make place for you. Take notice, women, that a man has taken his place among the hunters. Children, take heed that he is no longer one of you. We are all witnesses of his election. He embraced the newest hunter and pummeled his back.
Perhaps for the first time in his life, Makar stood still and was not inclined to joke the moment away. For the first time he stood straight, and was proud of what he had done. And for the first time he heard true applause, not for tricks, jokes or antics, but for a courageous act.
The words of thanksgiving were heartfelt and warmed everybody through and through. It quickened every spirit, for if these three could do what they had done, then perhaps each one of them could or would do the same. Yes they all had gained something from the valiant action of the three.
Yaya went to Makar and embraced him, sobbing her gratitude on his shoulders. Soon Makar was crying too. Baer sat down, thereby ending the formal part of the occasion. The rest rushed the three to personally offer their thanks and praises. Crow was embarrassed by this sudden tide of gratitude; he was the same person as before, nothing had changed. Chandar of the Standing-Rock Clan accepted all their assurances with suitable good grace and humor. He smiled readily but remained earnest as people came and touched him or pounded his back.
Makar, the youngest hunter, did not say a word all night but locked into his heart every moment of this recognition. It had been hard for someone who had lost his parents so young and had had to fight for every bit of attention, for every kind word.
Ido looked with shining eyes at the three heroes, her face radiant. Lana looked from Crow to Chandar and back again, a shadow of a frown about her eyes and mouth. She whispered to Ido to ask Chandar to tell them a little of Lesser-Bear-Claw. Which Ido did, hesitantly.
Chandar thought, his eyes looking inward. The mountains are beautiful. In the morning light they glow with golden radiance. The eagle lives on the very top on a high perch. And there is always a bird in the air cruising, turning and swooping. Above the tree line, on the bare rock, you can see mountain sheep bounding from ledge to ledge and stone to stone, where there is no path, no place to stand. In the high valleys there is snow, even in summer, and you can follow the prints of a mountain lion or a snow leopard. Chandar paused and took a deep breath, the longing showing clearly in his face. You stand on the mountainside, the wind whistles in your face its chilly breath, and you look up to above to see clouds race by against a line of cliffs and mountain tops. You look down into the dizzying depth of valley below and see some water and a small world of its own, creatures smaller than insects. The trees move in the wind but from high up they seem frozen, motionless.
For you, here on the plains, a bright wide sky curves all about, a horizon surrounds you. And when one looks out, one is always in the center of that view.
Not so in the highland of Lesser-Bear-Claw. There is more to see, as the mountainside and elevations show their slopes revealed. If anything moves, one sees it. Anywhere one goes, one goes by a crooked path twisting and turning, over rocks and cliffs, following the mountain goat. And there are bears that live in caves or hollows in the river bank. The bear is full of courage and we honor it for that and for its great strength.
Those who had wintered with Lesser-Bear-Claw now nodded in agreement. The mountain people were, like the bear, strong and courageous, but they had also been kind and forthright, and the Standing-Rock Clan was grateful for the hospitality they had enjoyed there.
Ela smiled at the good looking man, her eyes shining. Her sorrow was being quickly replaced by a growing sense of freedom. She had not realized how much of her life had been usurped by Taels demands and expectations. At the same time she was finding it hard to think for herself, obsessing undecided over the least little thing. Freedom had its price too. Still she now was free to smile at a young man.

Sitting in the seclusion of the counsel fire a little later, Baer was much less happy. We did a bad thing there, he said coming straight to the point. The others nodded glumly, knowing he meant the appalling waste of sixty animals they had to surrender to the carnivores. All of them had been struggling privately with their own feelings of unease over this. I know we did not intend to, but I do not see how that makes any difference. We will pay for it somehow ... spiritually. They looked at Chaiko expectantly.
Chaiko was twisting his lips between his fingers. Spirits again. Was there any way around spirits? I do not know how things work in the spirit world, but we caused the loss of seventy-five lives. That is a huge number and I cant help thinking that in the spiritual realm we caused a stampede also. The others shuddered uncomfortably at the thought; the physical stampede was bad enough.
Tusk was a great hunter and over the years he had personally killed many animals without much concern about their spirits, but in spite of himself he felt his burden of guilt increased and he did not know how to release it. He feared that being so in debt to the spirit world would inevitably jinx him. Surely we can do something ...?
Cosh offered, Samar said to me once that spirits can hunt our spirits and rob us of our peace, rob us of our sleep... This made them all the more uneasy, since none of them had slept well since the stampede; their emotions were too stirred up, even though they were tired from the effort that followed.
We did save twelve more hides, Cosh added. Yes, they had skinned twelve more of the animals that they then abandoned to the scavengers.
Chaiko looked inquiringly at Cosh; that seemed propitiation enough for the scout. The shaman felt the oppression of the others and sought to lighten it. There seems to be a balance in nature. Bogan said that. Death is offset by birth to keep the numbers even. There is a like balance between the numbers of the hunted and the hunters. And a bad deed is balanced out by a good. He paused, wondering where to take these thoughts. Maybe if we ask Malek to paint the stampede in praise of the slain, we would balance things out somewhat. The others agreed hastily and were vastly relieved. Yes, a painting would be just the thing, as there was nothing more spiritual than a picture. Chaiko stood, thinking to end this meeting on a positive note, before they could stumble upon some new unpleasant twist.
Later, Crow sought out Chaiko, sitting down by the fire without invitation as was the right between close friends. Chaiko smiled at him and was going to add his praises to the rest, but Crow would have none of it. No, not you too. I am just the same and have not changed. Chaiko thought not true; there were events in ones life that changed a person irrevocably. If he had not lost his leg five years ago, he would have become half of what he was today. More carefree, perhaps, but a man with only half his potential realized.
Chandar is a good man, Crow began. So that was the point of this. Hes strong, brave, thoughtful, companionable and ... good looking. Crow squinted at his friend for his reaction but Chaiko kept his face neutral.
I like him, said Crow. It would be hard not to like him. And he saved my life. Then he took a big breath and his tone changed. But when he looks at Lana and ... she looks back at him, my heart kicks and then falls and my thoughts become dark and angry. Then I like him not and wish that he had never come to us!
Chaiko looked at his friend, feeling sympathy. There was no consolation he could offer, so he said, Perhaps it would be simpler and even kinder to be like bulls and fight it out head to head. But it is not the way of men. With us, a man must show his best but let the woman choose.
But he is so good. If I were a woman I would choose him myself. How can I compete with all he is?
It is the eye that looks to appearances but it is the heart that chooses. Speak, therefore, to the heart. Heart to heart.
I fear that the eye might confuse the heart in this case, Crow lamented.
Fear is a darkness that sits in your soul. Fill your heart with confidence and your expression will shine with it. A hunter fits Falcon with a stout talon and doesnt shoot with straws. Look for what you want and then aim for it. Crow looked askance at his friend; he was sounding too much like a shaman. You can only do your best, and believe in your heart that your best is good enough. Lana is a smart girl; she will not make a frivolous choice. With that Crow had to be satisfied, but like a wounded beast went off to lick his hurts in private.
Chaiko barely had time to look about before the shadow of Yaya fell on him wanting also his attention. With a courteous gesture he invited her to sit, then he praised her for how brave she had been in her recent fright.
That is why I come to you, shaman. Sosa has not been the same. He changed somehow. Ever since the hunt he has been odd.
Odd? Chaiko asked. In what way?
He looks the same. He eats, drinks, sleeps, walks the same as before, but he is also somehow different. He eats, chews his food, but he eats as if he tastes nothing. He takes no pleasure in it. He doesnt complain about the food being hard, old or cold. He just chews and swallows, chews and swallows. Not like before, complaining all the time, wanting more of this and none of that, gobbling down his food in a hurry. He does not hurry anymore. He does things but does them all the same. He doesnt play anymore. He doesnt laugh... Yaya started to cry. Chaiko waited compassionately for the woman to regain her composure. He was yet inexperienced in all the roles a shaman had to fill, but he had already learned not to hurry people and step on their pain.
He is the same, yet he is very different too ... and at times hardly recognizable. Yaya struggled with her thoughts and feelings. This morning I tell him, get up and he gets up. I tell him wash and he does. I tell him to eat and he chews. Tell him to get some firewood and he does. Then he is underfoot so I tell him to go and play, so he goes off to Ruba and Ork, and a little later they are doing something but Sosa is just standing around, not doing anything. Ork brings him back and says he must be sick. Yaya looked tearfully at the shaman expecting great wisdom from him.
He has had a great fright and it will take some time to recover from it, Chaiko tried cautiously.
But that was four ... five days ago. And believe me I was as scared as him, even more maybe. And I can still taste my food ...
His hair did not change, turn white? he asked recalling the story of a man who was similarly frightened out of his wits.
No, of course not! Yaya said with a hint of impatience in her voice. It is that ... all the mischief went out of him. He was always playing tricks on people with Ork. What I would give for one of his pranks now. She started to cry again.
Well, send the boy to me, Chaiko finally said, as nothing else occurred to him. Yaya left. Shortly after, Sosa came over and just stood there. The shaman watched the boy and waited, but nothing happened; the boy stood there with a neutral expression on his face and waited. Finally Chaiko bade him to sit down, and he did without hesitation, totally compliant. This was not the Sosa he remembered at all.
How do you feel? the shaman asked.
Fine, came back immediately.
Do you hurt at all? he tried.
No, Sosa responded without a flicker of expression.
Do you remember what happened? he asked, starting to have a nagging feeling.
Crow saved Sosa. Chandar saved Sosa. Makar saved Sosa, came back the reply in an even voice.
And were you happy? For the first time the boy had no reply; he blinked. Were you relieved? Another blink. Were you grateful? But there was no recognition in the eyes.
Should Sosa not say, Crow I am grateful?
Sosa cant say that anymore, said the boy again, definite.
Why not? the shaman asked, nonplussed.
Because Sosa is not here, he answered evenly.
Chaiko was totally taken aback. He suddenly awoke to the fact that the hole he was looking into was much deeper than he had ever suspected. Whos here, then?
I, came back without hesitation.
And you are not Sosa? The statement became a question in his uncertainty.
Yes, the boy said.
Yes, you are not Sosa?
Yes.
Where is Sosa? the incredulous shaman wanted to know. But the boy merely shrugged his shoulders. Chaiko tried again, Crow, Chandar and Makar saved Sosa.
They saved the body, was all the boy said, but it froze Chaiko in mid-thought.
And you are the bo body? he asked, stammering.
Yes.
Who is inside of you then? The boy did not answer. Are there thoughts in your head? The boy shook his head no. Memories? Since you remember. The boy nodded yes. Whose memories? Sosas?
Sosas, the boy replied.
What is there of you then? Chaiko asked trying to pin it down.
Nothing, the boy replied, then for the first time contributed voluntarily, Nothing but empty thoughts. I am but Sosas shadow.
But no feelings? The shaman watched the eyes carefully but was not surprised when the boy only shook his head no. Peculiar, most peculiar. He must test the limits of this somehow.
He took a bowl, filled it with water and gave it to the boy. Go and pour this on Tusk and then come right back.
Without hesitation or a sign of emotion the boy got up, made his way directly to the hunters fire and doused him. Everyone froze at such an unheard of thing, incredulous. The boy came back to the shaman and sat down, with no concern on his face. Belatedly Tusk came storming over, but something in Chaikos face and look froze him, so he went back to his place muttering darkly, still dripping wet.
The shaman and Sosa looked at each other for a long instant. Chaiko noted that the boy did not even blink. Chaiko reached into the fire, took a burning twig, blew upon the burning end till it glowed bright orange, then presented it to the boy and said without emphasis Here, take this. Without wavering the boy took the glowing end but showed no sign of hurt. Chaiko immediately poured water over the hand and twig, extinguishing the ember. Then the two sat motionless across from each other. Chaiko was thinking, his thoughts like a worm searching through all his memories looking for some answer that he could use. The boy across from him was not waiting, he realized; there were no limits of expectation in his stillness. The boy would sit there until someone told him to move.
Chaiko waved Yaya over, and when she came he said to her, Your son is sleeping inside this body. And will for some time. Take his body and guard him well. Let no one talk with him. And be careful to say nothing that could hurt him. Yaya looked puzzled, and so he added, Dont tell him to jump from a cliff, for in his present state he would. Your son is inside somewhere, sleeping. Coming so close to death frightened him and now he is resting. You are his mother, so take care of him and guard him well. That she could understand; a mother always took care of her children. Obediently she took Sosa back to her hearth.
Chaiko remained a long time deep in thought. Acting as a shaman he could see he had to deal with all kinds of problems that often did not have any ready answers. Nobody else was so burdened in the clan; they could always refer any of their problems to him to puzzle over, but whom could he consult? A shadow fell across him and he quickly looked up to find with no small relief that it was only Dawn holding Yael. He had had enough problems for one day.
Dawn smiled down at him but noted immediately his preoccupation and worry lines. She knew that sometimes even a shaman needed to have someone to listen to him, so with a few questions she unlocked his concern and listened to Chaiko describe the enigma of the boy who was not there. Where could someone hide in his own body?
Dawn thought a while and said, I know nothing of such things. But I once knew a man who hid from himself what he could be, settled for nursing thoughts of some evil hurt, and hardened himself till he became a turtle. Yes, I should think, it would be possible to hide things even from oneself.
Chaiko looked at her quizzically, and wondered who the man was and why she had not talked about him before. And what happened to the man? he wanted to know.
Dawn looked out of the cave into the sunlight and the distance. I think he fell in love and lived happily for the rest of his days, I hope. She cuddled Yael closer to her and smiled a secret smile.
Chaiko looked at her and remembered all the unguarded good feelings they had shared. He remembered days and nights of passion alone in this very cave, and all his other thoughts melted away. She looked at him and knew what he was thinking. But it was broad daylight and people were thick about the cave. Still she smiled that inscrutable smile of hers. She is harmonizing again, he realized; it was good to be in harmony with things; needs and wishes balanced.

Chapter 11
Somewhat above the cave Lana and Ido had found a secret meadow hidden by bushes but which allowed a good view on one side. They had discovered it last year and it had become their very private place. Here they could talk about the most intimate things without fear of being overheard.
Today Lana was talking about her life, her face earnest, her eyes grown thoughtful. She found her present life so drab at times. Only when she sang did she feel the full pleasure of it. A rare euphoria would build in her, but inevitably the mood would not last, and she would sink back into the morass of everyday. Bring this, fetch that, go do that... There had to be more to life than such insignificance. She felt born to experience grander things. Thus the more things became humdrum, the more she tried to sparkle, and at times she felt a sense of underlying desperation.
There were also times of excitement when she touched Crow, or was touched by him. Then this glow would start to build and build, until it would almost burst, but she had been afraid to allow it. And maybe it was not he only, but perhaps some other man could awaken these feelings inside her as well. She said as much to Ido.
You are thinking of Chandar, Ido exclaimed, hoping for a denial, but when it did not come her heart sank and she accused, You are thinking of him!
Maybe, or maybe some other man... Lana said, not yet ready to admit even to Ido the depths of the conflict within her. She loved Crow. There was little doubt of that, but he also represented the sad predictability she was fighting. She could easily foresee their lives together in all of its detail with very few, rare surprises. He was honest, true and loyal and would always be there for her, but there had to be more to life than being locked into such preordained certainty. That was why Chandars exotic good looks, enveloped in mystery, so appealed to her. He was quiet and composed, but this only allowed her all the more to project onto him her loftier aspirations. She thought and imagined, and then, in her self-centered view, held it all to be true just because she had thought it. No wonder that the more she included him in her future, the more the longing built within her. Moreover, she already had Crow, and she would always have him, whereas she still had to catch Chandar, a challenge that kept beckoning her.
Yet, when her thoughts settled briefly on one, they would invariably turn to the other. This conflict was pulling at her, but the tension was delicious, making her forget the drab sameness of her life. Why could she not keep both? she asked herself.
Ido watched the conflict play out on her friends face. Sometimes she could not understand Lana at all. In her view Lana had everything she could want, but she was always wanting more. Being such a careful, measured creature herself (a trait she inherited from her parents), she could not comprehend Lanas voracious appetite for life, her zest, her hunger for the new and the unusual. Ido asked so little for herself, and that was exactly what she got.
In the midday sun insects droned in the air. Last fall the girls had made some flower wreaths and unintentionally scattered some seeds in the process; there were now quite a few budding among the grasses. An orange and black butterfly flitted by and caught the girls eyes and led them haphazardly across the meadow to disappear over the brow of the hill. This left them looking out over the landscape to the slope that extended down from the cave.
Look, there goes Cosh, Lana exclaimed, her interest piqued.
And Crow and Chandar with him, added Ido, but then instantly regretted it as both their thoughts returned to Lanas dilemma.

Cosh was heading out, having been sent to the south-west to check on the condition of the herd there. There was always a possibility that more animals would be arriving still. In any case, he was instructed to keep an eye out for anything unusual. He took Chandar and Crow with him, both young and fast, who had proved themselves observant and properly cautious on the last trip, good qualities to have for scouting.
Cosh, always concerned about events and circumstances, wanted to be aware of anything out of the ordinary. It bothered his rather precise nature not to know things, and this drove him to be a good scout. He quickly noted the unusual, and was then compelled to check it out because he had to have an explanation for it. Yet, if he could not resolve something, he could let go of it as something spiritual, more properly the shamans concern. Thus he was able to shrug off the oppressive feelings regarding the inadvertent slaughter of the stampede as a spiritual matter, and consequently was little bothered by it. But not Baer. The leader had asked him to ascertain if the animals they encountered had somehow become skittish and shy of man.
Cosh looked at the two young men accompanying him. He was perceptive enough to note an underlying rivalry and was puzzled by it, since Chandar was about ten years older than Crow and therefore it would be unusual to be caught up in some competition with him. It seemed that both took pains to hide it. There was a little too much respect shown, just a little too much courtesy. Cosh shrugged his shoulders; it was none of his affair.
The three headed west at a quick pace, then turned south to follow along the river course. Water fowl took to the air and an occasional otter or muskrat slid into the water at their approach. It was a beautiful day, clear skies, balmy temperature, and a light breeze keeping their travel comfortable. The path was even, hard-packed by the passage of animals following the river.
Cosh stopped suddenly, the two nearly colliding with him. Since they could see nothing to account for it, they looked questioningly at the lead scout. He pointed with Falcon into a patch of sparse reed grass just off the path. They still saw nothing. Cosh picked up a small stone and threw it where he had pointed. Immediately, the ground began to flow, to coil and ripple along the ground, the skin of the snake scraping against its own scales sounding out a warning for those who would listen. Cosh had heard it, and became instantly cautious, since the bite of a bull snake was deadly. Yet it would advertise its presence. A bulge about midway showed that the snake had just eaten. It was irritated at being interrupted, but not really hostile, content to slither into the grass and disappear. Crow breathed a sigh of relief. Chandar, who was not used to snakes at all, as the mountains had few and none poisonous, looked with horrified fascination at the retreating reptile. They could have easily advanced into its reach, had not Cosh stopped in time. Cosh smiled at the lesson thus taught, then continued on, taking long strides. Both younger men became conscious of where they placed their feet until the tiredness got the better of them.
At midday they paused on top of a small knoll that gave the best all-around view of the countryside. Cosh peered into the hazy distance, examining each detail. The other two were grateful for the respite, much more respectful of the chief scouts stamina. They chewed tiredly on some dried meat. Crow tried to look around and emulate Cosh, but his eyes got confused by the haze, and in the heat of the day he suddenly dropped off to sleep. Chandar followed a short time later. Cosh smiled to himself; he had deliberately forced the pace, wanting to see what was inside them, but the two had kept up and not complained. Yes, in the end, they would make fine scouts.
$$He returned to his examination of the distant view. He noted the dark dots of animals spread out fairly evenly on the bottom lands. They were much fewer and he rehearsed the figures in his head; one third or half of half? He screwed up his face in concentration but the ratios stayed elusive and he could feel pressure building behind his eyes that would soon turn into a headache. He took two sticks, trimmed them to equal lengths, then broke one into three pieces and the other into half then half again. He compared the length of a third with the length of the half-of-half, and came to the conclusion that the herd was even smaller than he had calculated, less than half-of-half. Baer will not be pleased, he concluded, and was about to cast the sticks aside, but then thought better of it. He put them in his pouch, in case he had to prove his numbers again to Baer in front of the rest of the clan.
His eyes scanned the distance once again. In the rising heat the far view was obscured by a confusing dance of haze. The sky above was clear but had the faded look of a hot summer day. He spotted a flock of birds congregating far to the west, their wingspan appearing just as dots, barely distinguishable. Near it he found another congregation of birds, then another. His pulse quickened. The numbers and the spacing indicated to him that there was an extensive number of dead on the ground. Like after a hunt. His heart skipped a beat. But no one of the clan had been hunting that day, certainly not so far west. Could these be the strangers? Straining to look, he then found the lightest trace of smoke rising in the sky, but it was hard to be sure as the smoke blended so well into the mix of hazy grayness.
He shook Crow and Chandar awake and pointed out to them his suspicion, but they could not unravel the mystery hidden in the distant shimmer. They have a lot to learn yet, Cosh concluded, even though they both have good eyes. He rose, then set them a fast pace again, heading westward, determined to get a closer look. The other two groaned to themselves, but did not complain.

In the cave, people were resting through the midday heat. Tusk was lolling on his furs sleeping with his mouth open. Gill watched, fascinated that the big man, whom he held in such awe, would so expose himself. A fly crawled over the hunters face and Tusks hand twitched, but when the fly examined the inside cavity of his mouth, he came abruptly awake, spitting and sputtering but he had already swallowed the fly in reflex. Gill quickly averted his eyes and busied himself with polishing his throwing stick but he felt the angry gaze of the chief hunter pass over him.
Rea looked up in surprise at the sudden eruption of Tusk, then looked questioningly at Gill, who merely shrugged his shoulders. Tusk rose and took a deep drink from the waterbag.

Chaiko was sitting by his fire working on another Falcon. This was made of a thicker piece of wood. He had noted how, with practice and expertise, the Falcons had become so much easier to draw. As people became more accomplished and learned how to draw the Falcon more efficiently, holding it drawn for only the briefest of an instant, Chaiko reasoned that he could increase the strength of the weapon. Thicker wood perhaps, or longer. He was trying to find a new balance between strength required, distance and accuracy. With a piece of flint he was shaving the wood, then bending it to test its growing flexibility.
Kray came over with several bundles of talons he had made and Chaiko inspected them critically, nodding approvingly at the workmanship. Kray returned his smile gladly. A little later they were joined by Kor and they discussed the idea of fitting shards of flints to the talons to increase the ease of penetration of tough hides and furs. This was, of course, an adaptation from spear-making, fitting the talons with flint tips to make them more deadly. The three became deeply engrossed in the topic as each contributed his own knowledge and experience to the problem. Chaiko found himself marveling. He admired the old stoneworker so much that he found suddenly working with him on a more than equal footing almost inconceivable. He had to quickly remind himself that now he was the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan.
Across from the three men, Dawn had finished her footwear: one pair for him, one for herself, and even a small one for Yael from the leftover skins. She was giving them one final rub-down with goose grease to be followed by a quick shine. She hid them under her covers, thinking of presenting them after the evening meal. Close to her, Yael was squirming and babbling with astonishing fluency. It hardly seemed possible that the baby would be doing it so early. Even Tanya had remarked about it. She looked up and saw the leaders mate by her fire instructing Lana and Ela in softening hides that had grown stiff. Feeling a gaze on her, Tanya looked up. Their eyes met and Tanya flashed her a warm smile which Dawn returned instantly.
A little later Tanya came over and said in a very soft voice, I have been to our garden. She had started calling it their garden, a word that was used to describe a fertile meadow full of growing edible things. But there is no sign of seeds, though some grasses are starting to show through. Maybe we should clean them out.
Lets wait, Dawn cautioned. Maybe those are some of the very grains we are growing, though it is a little early, but lets wait anyway.
Tanya nodded. But she felt somewhat frustrated. Why, this growing of things required more patience than hunting. Have the patience of a stone, she muttered to herself, the hunters favorite saying.
What? Dawn asked, but Tanya mumbled, Nothing, nothing.
For a while the two sat in quiet watching the baby blowing milk bubbles and sputtering. Yael chortled, obviously enjoying the sensations. The two women smiled in unison, unable to help themselves. It is strange, they both thought, how men were not so tuned into this great source of pleasure. They saw a child in the context of the future, grown up and helping, but could not relish the present except for the few occasions when they played with them. They were always looking for the man or woman the child was going to become.
I think Ela has recovered from Tael, Tanya stated, perhaps too well. I think she is casting eyes about again.
At whom? Dawn asked in surprise. She had not noticed a thing.
I think at Kray, Tanya allowed. At first, I think she looked at Tusk, but you know how impervious he is. That is when she tried Kray.
But Kray is mated, Dawn protested, and has two children.
I know, I know, the headwoman replied minimizing her supposition, but she is the kind who does not do well alone.
Yes, remember how much attention she and Tael insisted upon?
Well, all I can say is, hold onto your man, Tanya advised in an undertone.
She would not dare! Dawn shot back. Surely no mated man would risk committing such an affront.
Man will be man. Few would not bend to pluck a flower offered to them on the wayside, said Tanya with the wisdom of eleven more years.
Well, I have not heard of such things, said Dawn indignantly, but she had. One of her male relatives in fact was fond of plucking just such flowers. But that was there and then, this was here and now, and it was her mate among others they were discussing. Someone should warn Yaya.
Oh, I shall drop a hint there. And you can be sure I shall talk with Ela herself, although I shall have to find some kind way to say it. She was much hurt you know, and I do not want to add to that.
Then both of them were lost in their private musings. Was she afraid for Baer? Dawn asked herself. Shortly thereafter, Tanya left. A little later Dawn saw the headwoman talking with Ela and wondered at their conversation. But the body postures and gestures remained relaxed, so Dawn concluded that if something were said, it was said most kindly.
Not far away Ulla was sitting by her fire, casting anxious looks about. She still had not adjusted to her new home in spite of all the efforts people had made to make her feel welcome. She remained acutely uncomfortable and barely uttered a word. Stow was standing at the back of the cave watching Malek who, with unending patience, was chipping at the back wall. He offered to carry off some of the fallen chips, but Malek was so preoccupied that he found the young man an unwelcome intrusion into his concentration and thus was not very encouraging. Malek was wrestling with the assignment Chaiko had set for him: to depict the stampede, accurately but with respect for the many lives lost. The shaman did not tell him how he was to accomplish that. He had pointed out the spiritual significance of the undertaking but had given him no specific direction to help him with it. How was an artist to know or deal with the spirit world? He worked with renewed effort at smoothing the wall. In truth the wall was smooth enough already, but he was not ready for the undertaking, so he hid behind the pretext of further smoothing it. He looked at the blank wall, and was horrified by its vast expanse. How was he going to do it all? How was he going to start? Where was he going to put the first line? Beads of perspiration formed on his brow, then dribbled into his eyes. He cursed just loud enough for Stow to hear and the young man retreated at the sound of it. What was bothering the painter? Stow asked himself, his brow knit in a frown. When he returned and Ulla saw his perplexed face, her mouth turned down and she was ready to cry. Calla appeared out of nowhere, flashed an angry look at Stow, and quickly began to comfort the girl. Stow, with mouth agape, watched his mate sobbing in the older womans solicitous arms. Can anybody understand women at all? the young man wondered, astonished.

As usual Gill and Rea were haranguing one another. It is your fault that Cosh took Crow and Chandar instead of us. You were always bellyaching and he must have got tired of it, Rea accused.
Me? It was you! Remember how you dragged your feet the last time and made mewing noises all the way? No wonder he got tired of it! Gill counterattacked.
I was hurt, claimed Rea, petulant that his hurt was so ignobly drawn into disrepute.
Well, if I were to tell you the truth, I am right glad he took along the younger men rather than us. You know how he likes to stretch his feet and dash first this way then dash that way across the countryside. Sometimes I felt that my poor heart was going to jump out of my throat with the pace he set. The more I think about it the better I like it this way.
You old fool, next you will tell me you are ready to lay down your spear and let the women chew your meat for you!
If they were pretty, I would gladly let them, conceded Gill now in high good humor.
Good looking!? Who would want you, you old goat? Rea challenged.
Oh, somebody might, Gill said mysteriously blinking broadly at his companion.
Rea was momentarily taken aback. He knew of Gills disposition, but any claim seemed to be impossible. There were no available females except Lana, who was too young, and Ido who was even younger. Unless ... the old snake was looking at Ela so newly unattached. His eyes searched the cave and found her by her fire breaking a handful of twigs to feed to the flames. Why, you old goat, you are twice her age.
This Gill denied, and since counting was neithers strength, they spent a good while arguing back and forth until finally Gill had to admit that he was exactly twice her age. But in excellent health, he boasted, and in even better disposition. And as for covering a woman, all knew him to be quite a ladys man.
You are a goat and nothing can change that. Each year you grow more goat-like! Rea sneered, but Gill had on a huge smile. A goat is to be respected, for some things even a goat can do well, was his private opinion.

On a sudden impulse, Chaiko took one of the talons, took a reed whistle from his folds, and tied it to the shaft with the mouth of the reed facing forward. He called to Ruba, gave him this modified talon and told him to shoot it. The boy frowned at this strange adaptation but did as he was told. He nocked the talon, pulled back on the string, aimed along the shaft and released. The talon screamed its way across the gap like its namesake, the falcon. The mouths of the boy fell open in surprise and suddenly the talon that was merely deadly before, became malevolent and alive. Again and again the boys shot, the talon screaming all the way. An unpleasant sound, to be sure, sending chills down Chaikos back.
When Ruba was finished shooting, Chaiko gave him extra talons but took back the screamer. It would not do to have him so armed to frighten people with. Chaiko looked at the weapon, the talon of course was thrown off balance by the addition of the reed, but Chaiko would find some use for it. It made such a piercing, blood chilling sound. Then he thought maybe he could attach other things to the talon. He looked a long time at the piece of wood, in itself so harmless, but combined with the power of Falcon and the intent of man, it proved so deadly, and now even more frightening.

In the evening people sat down to eat an indifferent meal of smoked meat again. It was one thing to eat smoked or dried meat in winter, but in midsummer one expected better. The scouts were not yet back, which occasioned a few anxious glances roundabout. Baer hastened to reassure the people but wondered privately what Cosh could have stumbled across to so engage his attention. There had been no talk of an extensive exploration. The moon rose but was a pale portion of itself, so Baer knew that Cosh would not risk returning in such dim light. Baer, Tusk and Chaiko sat around awhile, but since there was little to talk about, the meeting did not last long. Although each wondered where Cosh might be, no one voiced a concern. Cosh was a seasoned scout: he would be all right.
It was not till late the following afternoon that the scouts returned. Right away everyone noted that they were tired and much worn down, which bode no good. Everyone quickly collected to hear their report. Baer would have preferred listening in private, but he noted the general anxiety of the cave and thought better of it. He allowed them to drink and sit, then gestured to Cosh to start.
Although Cosh was tired and had a little difficulty ordering his speech, he soon warmed to the task and his voice gained strength as he spoke. We went midway across the plain and there saw smoke and birds circling to the far, far west. We marched and marched ... and we ran at times, until we were within easy sight of the mountains in the west and the river that flows south there. We even continued under the starlight. We slept by a burned-out tree with rocks at our backs. We were very tired for we had covered much ground that day, farther than we can see from here. I slept facing east, so when the first rays of the morning sun woke me, I shook the other two awake and we were on our way. The dew was still heavy on the grass when we found the killing ground. There were eight kills all told, the ground still brown with spilled blood and bones scattered everywhere. There were three fires as well  to protect the kill and sear the meat, I suppose. We found this, he said, holding a piece of yellow flint for everybody to see. Yellow-Flint, as Chaiko called it, having run into this kind of flint last year.
An apprehensive murmur made a round of the cave and anxious looks were exchanged. Cosh took a long drink. He had pushed their pace today again to its limit and his throat was full of dust and dried out from the pumping of his breath.
In the next valley farther west we found six more bison killed and two fires, and a little farther to the north, four again. This was a sizeable hunting party judging by all the tracks, women and children included. We followed their trail to the river where they crossed, but we did not go on, thinking it would be better that I report what we had seen. But from what we could see of the opposite shore, they headed up some valley into the mountains there. We saw no smoke in the sky that day.
He took a drink again. They killed almost two hands of bison, butchered them and lugged the meat off into the mountains. They knew bison by the way they hunted them and all the kills were close together: the eight, the six and the four. To me they seemed well organized. He paused to catch his breath then cleared his throat noisily. We started back at a quick pace and I really stretched my legs. The two with me kept up all the way without a word. He paused to let the praise seep in. Then in a near valley, we came across a young heifer that had bled to death of a grievous stab wound in its side, but had escaped its hunters. There was a murmur of disapproval at this, as it behooved a hunter to finish off a wounded animal to spare it agony. It is hard to tell, but it looked as if they did not care. There was a new rumble at this disclosure. We stopped to skin it but left the rest, Cosh concluded, motioning toward the pelt thrown onto the ground. With that he sat down.
This was highly disquieting news. Strangers in their land? Raiding their hunting grounds? Taking eighteen, killing nineteen bison they had no right to? In a year that had fewer bison to begin with.
In private later on, Cosh added a few details he had held back. To hunt, butcher and carry off eighteen animals takes a goodly number. I should say about five, six hands of people. And if there was a main group back in the mountains, then how many altogether?
This was a chilling thought; the Standing-Rock Clan could easily be outnumbered at least two to one. Yes, Baer responded, I would think there would have to be a larger camp in the mountains somewhere, otherwise why bother to lug back all that meat? Anything else? Baer cocked an eyebrow on the scout.
Yes, the hunt appeared to be well organized. They drove the beasts into an ambush of spears like we would, killing them in a tight group to make cutting up the meat easier to protect. But ... he paused to think, there was also a sense of disorder about it that fitted less well. Half the fires were properly cleared of grass and roots and ringed with stones, but the others not. On two places the grass started to burn because of it, but they put it out. The bones were not cleaned neatly but hacked off and cast to the scavengers to fight over. The marrow in the bones was not extracted. Also they threw the offal to the snarling beasts. Now is that an orderly way for hunters to conduct themselves?
Well, what did you make of it? Baer asked of the scout.
I dont know. There was order mixed with signs of disorder. That was as far as Cosh was willing to draw his conclusions.
They are ill-mannered, ignorant beasts, Tusk summed up his feelings. They took what they had no right to. Baer nodded, accepting his feelings, then looked at Chaiko.
Chaiko, however, was in no hurry to uncover his thoughts. Like dry meat he meant to chew them well. He took a stick and poked it into the fire stirring up a storm of sparks. He then looked beyond to the various knots of uneasy people who doubtless, like him, were trying to digest this news.
Chaiko thought of the stranger he called Yellow-Flint who had walked this land last year. Now there were more of his kind to haunt them.
Maybe they are not ignorant at all, but hunters like us, Chaiko offered. Maybe they are not messy and disorderly but somehow demoralized. They must certainly feel uneasy in a strange land. Perhaps they were in great haste. There could be lot of reasons for that. But do not think them of no account. And remember there may be many more of themmuch more than we are.
Less or more, no matter, we should drive them from this land. They have no claim to make here, Tusk declared belligerently, his chest heaving with the violence of his thoughts.
It is best, said Baer in calm tones, that we find out a few things about these people before we rush off on some stampede of our own. He looked at each in turn and got a nod of agreement, though a reluctant one from Tusk.

Later when things had settled down somewhat, Chandar presented Lana with a handful of pheasant tail feathers. Lana exclaimed her delight over such a prize, watching the change of sheen play along the graceful line of the feathers, the colors shimmering, then she looked at Crow who had nothing to give her.
Where had he found it and when had he the time? Crow asked himself puzzled and chagrined, for they had been together the whole time. The question ate at Crow and did not let him sleep that night.
The pale light of a crescent moon painted the landscape in its wan glow. A balmy breeze blew through the foliage, each breath setting the leaves to shivering. A distant screech of a hunting owl could be heard as on silent wings, it cruised the air, searching the ground for its prey. Incessant cricket noises filled in the background. Somewhere distant, a solitary coyote howled at the moon; it was unusual to have such a sliver excite the creatures homage. And still Crow could not sleep. Who were these people in Standing-Rock Clans lands?

Chapter 12
In the next meeting it was decided that they would temporarily avoid hunting in the southwest quarter but have the scouts keep a close watch in that direction. It was also decided that since they had competition, they had better resume cautious hunting of the bison and slowly fill up their larder for the winter rather than depend on a more extensive hunt later on.
What we hunt now, Chaiko warned again, we rob from the next generation of bison. So take only animals that can no longer contribute to the numbers of the herd. The others nodded but were more consumed with the immediate problems of the present.
When I was young, Chaiko said using this incongruous form to grab the attention of the others, but smiling (fifteen was, of course, very young), on the shore of the great lake, on a sandy beach, I once saw turtles hatching, digging themselves free of the clutch, then racing toward the water. Above them the sky was alive with birds, swooping down to snatch a turtle from the waters edge. Many hatched but only a few made it into the water where fishes with sharp teeth awaited them, and fewer still escaped to grow and breed, in turn, to renew the cycle. He paused to allow the questions to root in their minds before continuing. Today the hunters are gathering, and the bison are falling prey to the hunger of their spears. But think, a turtle lays many eggs, forty, maybe fifty each, but a bison has only one offspring. He paused to let that sink in. When we kill one of tender age or in the prime of life, we kill not one, but all the future generations that could have issued from it. Today the number of bison is desperately low, so you must take heed; kill the old but spare the young. Wolves would do no less! Chaiko pleaded the case passionately. This time they all nodded in agreement, after which the meeting broke up.
Dawn was nursing the baby when Chaiko returned from the meeting. His face was brooding and Dawn thought how rarely the leaders came back in a happy mood. Although she smiled sweetly at him, he overlooked it in his self-absorption. She put the baby down, rolled him snugly into his wrap and patted his back; within a couple of heartbeats Yael was asleep, a contented expression on his face. She approached Chaiko and though he looked up, he barely saw her. She pouted because she wanted to show him the finished footwear, but in his present mood the timing would be wrong. Still, she knew what would make him feel better. Kneeling beside him, Dawn made him lie back, adroitly removed his wooden leg, and then massaged the stump. The fold of flesh was callused and it took strength to force her fingers to penetrate to the layer beneath. But it was worth it to see worry erased from his face, replaced by an expression of pleasure. She kneaded his stump, her fingers probing, pressing, soothing away the dull weariness that was at the core of it. He closed his eyes, relaxed and stretched as her ministration drew the tiredness from his leg. Appreciative murmurs resonated from his chest, meant to be a reward as well as encouragement. Her fingers continued their play, lulling him to believe it would never end yet it did, so abruptly that his eyes flew open. But her fingers were tired and she was done. He sat up, stretched again gratefully, then reattached his leg.
Dawn checked on the baby once more, seeing his puffy cheeks red with the effort of dreaming. She caressed his head quickly, then picked up the bundle she was dying to show. With a flourish calculated to excite his interest, she undid her bundle, revealing the footwear within: one for him, one for herself, and a tiny pair for Yael. Joyous pride was written on her face and sparkled up her eyes. Her look, however, melted away as she saw a frown fill his face. Now what? She looked anxiously about. What could be the matter? Then she saw it herself and blushed hotly in confusion, for in the footwear in front of her were two for him, two for her and two small ones for the baby. How could I have been so insensitive! she yelled within herself. He only has need of one! That she knew better than anybody! She could not understand that in all the work it took to make the footwear, it had never once occurred to her. Fully confused, she raised her eyes to Chaiko, her expression pleading. But he was looking down at her with that look that always made her feel naked, with nowhere to hide. Unaccountably he smiled and said in a husky voice, Around you I never felt a cripple. Now I know why, because you never saw me as one. His eyes lost their penetration and became tender. Thank you, he said gathering up the pair meant for him. This I will never wear, but keep near me to remind me, should I ever ... forget how much you think of me. As he talked his voice became lower and lower, choked up with emotions and by the end they were both crying. The tears were much too intense to be pleasurable yet they were healing. He let go more of the cripple that was still a part of him. For sometime afterwards there was a peaceful quiet as he looked at the two footwear in his lap meant for him.

Kor and Calla were busy about their hearth. Calla was tidying up and reorganising her possessions, checking each bundle to make sure that the content was still all right. It bothered her that she could not find her bundle of dill; both the herb and the container were gone. She muttered darkly to herself. Kor looked up at her but knew better than to ask what the matter was. A wise man does not stray in front of a likely avalanche.
He was reverently handling one of his prized possessions, a large piece of black obsidian with one side polished to perfection. He marvelled at its smoothness and the absolute clarity of its reflection. This stone was much in demand, oft passed from hand to hand, as each person studied the reflection looking back. People never tired of looking into it. It was claimed that the stone had magic properties and was the sure-fire cure for skin blemishes and a host of other maladies. Kor did not know about magic, he knew only stone. His gnarled, work hardened fingers caressed the obsidian, as he enjoyed the cool sensual smoothness of its surface.
Next his fingers tested the sharp edge of the yellow flint that Tay had found in the buck. A shard used by the other people. It was different from the ones the clan used. Not just the color, the consistency was harder, giving a sharper edge. Kor wondered where the other people had their source. Had they mined it themselves, or traded for it? With his hammer bone, he chipped along the edge and was pleased at how neatly a small flake broke off, leaving the edge sharper. It would be good, he concluded, if we could get some of this stone...
That Ela is a piece of work, Calla burst out querulously. First she sours Tael and probably drove him away with her constant demands, Am I pretty? Am I prettier than everybody? Now she is making big eyes at Tusk, if you can believe that!
Kor only raised an eyebrow, but she was all over him. Of course you cannot see it, because you can only see stone. These many years I have asked you to get me a new antelope wrap, soft and pliable to cover my aches, but oh no, you traded all your shares of claim for that black stone you like looking into so much. A grown man and a worthless stone. That last was of course a lie; she counted the obsidian as one of her most valued possessions. Though she had stopped looking into it on account of all the wrinkles that looked back, the stone conferred on her huge prestige and was a cornerstone of her status. Oh, Calla dear, could I have black-ice for a moment? they would plead, adding something inane like, I have something in my eye. Yes, Calla would lend out the item, but she wanted it understood what a great boon it was and how generous she was to allow it. Presently she was venting some irritation but could not find an appropriate target; Kor certainly was not obliging her by taking her on. So she muttered and offered up dark predictions and less then charitable comments.
Finally even good-natured Kor had had enough and said with uncharacteristic severity, Hold your tongue, woman! Your words are like a many legged worm in my ears, and I cannot get rid of it. At this rare outburst, Calla knew enough to keep quiet.
Crow had not slept much and was sluggish on awakening. All the marching around the countryside with Cosh had toughened him, but also made him appreciate a quiet day. So he stayed about the fire until Emma grew tired of having him underfoot. Why dont you go and see if you can badger a badger for some of its fat? she suggested kindly enough. Badger fat was supposed to be good for burns and inflammations.
I dont want to, he said.
Then why dont you go to the creek and wash your hair? It could stand some care.
Because I dont feel like it, he rebuffed her again. But seeing she was not going to leave him in peace with her well meaning suggestions, he got up, took Falcon and headed outside. The bright sunshine pierced his eyes as he squinted painfully into the glare. Other people were busy with morning activities. Morning, young scout, Gill said moving past him. Morning, Crow mumbled back.
Last night he had tossed and turned and thought of ways of bettering Chandars gift to Lana, but there did not seem to be any way to do that. It was nearly dawn by the time he had hit upon a solution and was finally able to sleep a little. Now he was tired, but it was time to put his thoughts into action, and so he set out.
Crow took a path that wove through a strand of trees, then down the slope until he reached the stream which he followed north. The water was low, and it gurgled and splashed about the rocks in a playful mood, so different from the rush of waters in the same stream after a rainstorm. Crow crossed and recrossed the vein as he picked his way through the jumble of rocks and undergrowth. Then he arrived at a rock-strewn slope aglow in the bright sunlight. He knelt by the trickle of water and cupped some in his palm to drink. It was not yet midday but the sun was already hot.
He proceeded carefully upon the open slope as he felt the shale shift under his weight. Remember what happened to Chaiko, he warned himself. He kept his eyes on the ground scanning the confusion of rocks, occasionally bending down to pick one up and examine it, only to discard it disappointed. Stubbornly he kept at his search.
The sun was becoming hotter and reflected off the stone to make him even more uncomfortable. He was sweating, his eyes stinging from the salt and the harshness of the light. He felt his tiredness and was growing dejected, doubting that he would ever find what he was looking for. Nonetheless he resumed his search, sifting through rocks looking for the one. A bird flew by complaining with loud calls about his presence in its domain. To find you must search, Crow repeated to himself a hunters prompt, to search you must look, to look you must know what you are looking for. Well, he knew what he was looking for; he was looking and he was searching but was still having trouble finding. Did they have a saying for that as well? Probably. He turned over more stones but discarded each, although the stones were the right color and texture  slab-like sections of various sizes. Once in a while he paused and set aside a few, as an alternate choice, if he could not find any better. Then when he had nearly despaired of finding what he wanted, he came upon the exact specimen. He straightened gratefully, wiped the sweat from his eyes, and beheld with admiration the object of his search, one even more nearly perfect than he had dared to hope. Clearly this was worth more than any handful of feathers, he exulted as he headed back to the cave.

Ork was dejected. His friend Sosa didnt seem to recognize him and did not respond to the various suggestions that he had been so fond of in the past. It seemed that he heard only his mother and had shut everything else out of his awareness. Ork had tried repeatedly but could not even raise a flicker of acknowledgement. So he had time on his hands which he found difficult to fill. He suddenly realized how large a part Sosa had played in his life. Please be all right, Ork pleaded for his friends recovery. He was forced to turn to Ruba for some activity.
Ruba felt guilty. After all, it was his delay in deciding that had led to this. All three boys had very nearly died because of his wanting to show his courage. He became a bit louder and more boisterous to shut out the little voice of conscience that was nagging at him. But on account of it he was more solicitous of his younger brothers needs. What would you like to do? he would ask and thought hard to come up with some diversion. But he was finding it impossible to fill the void that Sosas absence created. Nothing, came back the answer time after time.
Even a suggestion of snaring rabbits did not arouse Orks interest. Neither did searching for nests appeal to Ork, nor worming, as they called it, to describe eating a handful of live worms and watching peoples various reactions. Sure it tasted repulsive, but if one was dared one had to follow through; besides, it was great fun to see Tay running away in disgust, complaining about it to her mother.
Ruba was growing tired of being so considerate, and seeing in his brothers dejection a silent accusation, finally grabbed Ork by the ear and dragged him off into the fields to a prominent ant hill. For a while they watched the back and forth procession of red ants, carrying things into the colony. Ruba then peeled a section of bark off a rotting tree trunk that was lying nearby on the ground, went off and soon returned with a swarm of black ants on the bark. He had dug these up from their nest nearby. He shook the whole onto the ground near the ant hill and the two brothers settled down to watch what would happen. The red ants became immediately aware of this incursion into their territory and drew up in a defensive battle array. More and more ants swarmed from the nest, summoned by some alarm. The black ants were confused; they had been engaged in peaceful pursuit but then suddenly were confronted by a host of angry red ants. They obviously did not have a strategy and, what was worse, did not know where safety lay. They milled about indecisively. The red ants charged and a great battle was joined.
The two brothers watched with interest the progress of the combat. Although the black ants were almost twice the size, they could not match the red ants ferocity. It soon became obvious that they could not withstand the onslaught of red ants defending their colony and so one by one they succumbed, to be carried ignominiously as a trophy into the hill itself for some grisly secret rites.
That was good, Ruba concluded satisfied. Now lets see how well the blacks will do. Scooping a goodly number of red ants onto the bark, they hurried into the woods. Ruba was bitten repeatedly by the irritated insects, but he held on, to sweep the whole mess into the open, clear ground in front of a black ant hill. The black ants swarmed out of the entrance to defend their territory and arranged themselves in a well organized phalanx of black bodies. The red ants formed into a quick battle order and without much hesitation charged into the thick of things and the skirmish raged on. It was soon clear that the red ants did not have the numbers to carry the field but they exacted terrible damage upon the ranks of the blacks, being quicker and their venom more potent. Still their ranks thinned as one by one they were finally overwhelmed. For a while the blacks cleared the battlefield, killing the wounded of both sides and carrying off the mangled bodies. As the last group retreated down the hole, they dragged a leaf to cover the entrance.
Was that not great? Ruba exclaimed. I would bet on the red ants every time.
Ork sadly shook his head. Even such great fun soon turned sour without his friend. Ruba felt deflated by his brothers swing of mood and they trailed back to the cave where Malek grabbed them both to instruct his sons in the art of tracking.

Lana and Ido were grinding some seeds between two flat stones. Taking turns, the girls crushed the seed into a grey powder. This was a boring task made lighter by Lanas singing, to give some rhythm to their work. A tightly woven grass bowl held half their efforts with at least as much more left to grind. Thus, they would be at this painstaking task for some time. But they knew their effort to be worthwhile for, mixed with a little water, honey, crushed nuts and berries in season, and heated on a hot stone, the mixture made those delicious little flat cakes that were much in demand. No matter how many they made, they could not make enough.
It was Lanas turn to grind. She flicked her hair out of her eyes and looked up to see a silhouette against the light of the cave entrance. She frowned prettily. Was it Crow or was it Chandar?
The shadow spoke with Crows voice. I found something for you, he said simply, not having learned that the presentation was often as important as the gift itself. Lana wiped her fingers clean of the flour dust and took the stone in her hand. It was beige in color, flat, about the size of a childs head. She turned it over and gasped as she saw the most delicate relief of a bird caught in the stone. Every feather was clearly visible; every shaft and every barb most delicately outlined. A bird in stone, wings outstretched, tail plumage splayed as if still in flight.
This is beautiful, Lana breathed in a voice full of wonder. I have never seen the like. She turned the stone fully into the light and studied each detail. It looks almost alive, she said cupping the stone in her hand as if the bird would fly away. Her eyes sparkled and her smile warmed Crow through and through so that he forgot his tiredness.
I have seen the swirl of shells trapped in stone, but never a bird, she marveled still, holding out the stone so that she could have a better look at it, her face flushed. Do you suppose the stone swallowed the bird? How did it get there?
Ido was less impressed  after all it was only a stone  with little use. Privately she always thought that Lanas collection of pretty rocks was so much dead weight to be burdened with. Ido looked from one to the other, saw the tenderness between them, and felt her heart jump with the thought that maybe now Chandar was free again. ... Oh, Chandar, she sighed.

In the mid-afternoon, activity was at its customary low. Some of the men were out hunting or exploring. Some of the women were gathering whatever they could find in the fields. The rest were resting by the fire. The hunters, as was their habit when not hunting, indulged themselves with talking, a few taking a nap. The women congregated in their own group speaking of smaller, more intimate things. Tanya made sure that Ulla joined them and tried to draw the girl out, Dawn helping her. The three of them fussed comfortably over Yael, who was enjoying their attentions.
Malek returned with his sons. Ruba remonstrated with Ork, How could you mistake a raccoons print for a badgers? thereby drawing a long exposition from their father. Why did he have to listen to it? He well knew the difference. But his father was thorough as in all the things he undertook. Ruba was relieved to escape both his father and his brother. He looked for Sosa but the boy sat quietly staring off into some vast emptiness. Ruba then looked with longing after Lana and Ido but they were beyond his reach. He thought sadly that there was not one person in the clan he could be with comfortably. His brother had Sosa, that is if he ever recovered; then he felt a stab of guilt and quickly thought of other things.
A bit later the cave was at its quietest. Baer was sleeping while Tanya made rope out of grass, patiently twisting and tying the strands together. Kor dozed off with a shard of flint he was shaping in his lap. Calla was still organizing but in a ritualistic manner rather than in any driven way. Yaya was by her fire keeping an eye on Sosa who had not moved much from his spot. She chewed her knuckles with worry. What was to become of the boy? The shaman had stopped by earlier in the morning and talked kindly at Sosa who blinked but did not respond. The shaman said nothing good or encouraging, but he also said nothing bad and she took a small bit of comfort in that fact. Tay tugged at her wrap and Yaya tickled the girl lightly because there were people sleeping.
Ela was decorating a wrap the way she had learned from Dawn. She pricked a design into the skin through a series of dots, then dipped a quill in red raspberry or blueberry coloring to fill each hole. She was quite taken with the effect and kept at it. She would pause now and then, hoping perhaps to find somebody looking at her. Tusk she would like; even rugged looking Kray would be welcome, although he was mated already. She was definitely not interested in any of the callow young men and dismissed them out of hand. Chandars good looks scared her. Thus she avoided even looking in his direction. There was a slumbering intensity in the mans eyes that reminded her too much of Tael. No, Chandar was for someone else. So she looked and looked but caught nobody looking back ... except Gill, a man more than old enough to be her father. Still for an older man his eyes were more alive and interested than those of any of the younger men. Few realized that interest was a key to Elas heart. Gills looks would caress her, drinking in the sight of her, then would devour her entirely, a bit at a time. It frightened her a little at first, but once she got used to it, his attentions made her all soft and warm inside. Over the last days she would steal quick looks back at him, catch him grinning at her, would cast her eyes down demurely as a good girl should, yet would pose herself to advantage, wondering when he would approach. But he was an experienced hunter of the heart; he made no move, except for the looks he sent her way. He had already achieved acceptance in her eyes, had awakened wanting, and was now waiting for it to turn into desire. Then he would move in ... until then she would remain the very centre of his attention ...
Suddenly a distant whistle sounded from the outside. It signaled something unusual but not dangerous. Rushing outside the people collected into a curious group, peering downhill to find three people at the foot of the slope. One was Cosh, escorting a stranger, with Rea shouldering a largish bundle beside them.
Who could this be? everyone wanted to know.
Clan, declared Baer but did not elaborate.
The three advanced and were soon before the cave. In front of them, aligned in some unconscious ranking, stood the clan: Baer and Tanya in the centre, Tusk close beside, with Chaiko and Dawn on the other side.
Then as required by form, Cosh made the introduction. This is Ushi of the Omaani, the People of the Morning. He is a wanderer, trading in items of flint. He comes to us by the way of the Lesser-Bear-Claw. There was an appreciative murmur of expectation that swept the group. Cosh then turned toward Ushi but pointed at Baer, proclaiming, Meet, then, the leader of the Standing-Rock Clan, Baer and his mate Tanya.
As their names were mentioned, people nodded their heads as required by clan customs. Then it was Baers turn to speak. Welcome Ushi of the Omaani to the lands of Standing-Rock Clan. We follow and hunt the bison. We would be pleased to hear your lineage. It was good custom in such situations to find some intersecting blood relationships. Common ties guaranteed welcome and offered to the host some assurance of friendly intent. One did not rob or cheat a blood relative.
I am Ushi, son of Pellar, who was the son of Behor, the son of Dobban, the son of Ukari, who was born to Delvan. Ushi presented his credentials, the lineage of the male side. He pronounced each name carefully, for by experience he knew that the farther away one went, the more the syllables changed subtly, and he wanted to be sure to let them find recognition in the list he provided. None so far. Delvans father was Kumi who was reported to be a son of one of the Four-Wizards. At this, all dutifully murmured (as clan tradition required every time they were mentioned), No one has matched their skills. However, too many had claimed that lineage, so it was considered to be of little value; therefore Ushi had to present the female line of his ancestry.
Pellar mated Uni of the Turtle lineage living on the great plains beyond the Black Mountains. He paused to allow people to search their memories.
Behor was mated with Kinde who was also an Omaani of the lineage of Yura ...
Kor interrupted excitedly, My fathers mother was of that line. Who was the son of Yura? he asked.
Ushi wrestled with his memory. Sassa with the one eye.
And the second son? Kor asked.
That would be Tolme who was mated with Ilo as first mate, who was childless, and Araki, as second mate, who had a daughter ... Lesa?
Exactly, Lesa, who had my father Orko for a son! proclaimed Kor triumphantly.
With this connection established and confirmed, everybody could relax and continue with the greeting. At times this was a tricky affair that bogged down in some murky detail of memory, but those who followed the trail had better be well versed in their lineage to earn them welcome at clan fires.
Welcome again, Ushi of the Omaani, a kin and blood relation to our Kor. We are honored by your presence and extend you all courtesy. Baer made a little formal bow which was reciprocated. Come inside and sit by the fire, friend, and tell us the news. They all trooped inside and Baer led the guest to his fire and bade him sit while the rest quickly arranged themselves to best advantage allowed by rank. Tanya hurried to offer their guest a drink and something to eat. With great courtesy he took a sip and a small bite to do honor to the offer, murmuring in appreciation, but everyone knew there was much to discuss before he or anybody else could enjoy a meal.

There was always some movement between clans, some just travelers interested in the larger world, or some trading their wares, or some teaching a new skill. They were always welcome, for they brought news of other people, friends and relatives. Since the Standing-Rock Clan lived on the western periphery of the territory of all the clans, they received fewer visitors than most. Furthermore, since they had missed the last clan Gathering, they were especially starved for some news.
Ushi first began by transmitting greetings from Lesser-Bear-Claw, his last waypoint, with special mention of corpulent Simm. He also had messages for Ulla and Chandar. The people then asked him many questions and he tried his best to fill in the gaps. He always enjoyed this part of wandering the best; people were so eager to hear about each other. He had a family whom he had not seen for nearly two years, but his mate nagged him so that no sooner did he return home than he found himself on the trail again, fleeing her tongue. The woman could wear a hole in stone with the sound of her voice.
It was after the meal, when he was sipping water to lubricate his voice that was slowly growing hoarse from all the talking, that he first mentioned something that he had heard third, maybe even fourth hand. It was said that one of your clan stayed some days with the Black-Clam Clan on the shores of the great lake further east. It is said he astonished them with a wonderful new weapon that he had made that could throw spears at a great distance... he tailed off, noting with surprise the shocked expression on the faces all around him.
Who was this? Do you remember the name? Baer asked with some severity.
I do not know if I ever heard it spoken, he started somewhat cautiously, but I do recall that it was said he was of your clan, the Standing-Rock Clan. The trouble with strangers was that one never knew how they were going to react.
A stunned silence followed his words. Tael, of course! It could be no one else. Just like him to steal the weapon and now claim credit for inventing it! Ela started to cry quietly.
Baer carefully explained the situation to Ushi, who nodded, concerned. Cosh left, reappearing with a weapon which he laid in the traders hand. Ushi was intrigued by the hum of the string. Cosh promised to demonstrate it to him with first light. Baer than introduced him to Chaiko as the Master of Falcon, the weapons real creator. Ushi looked in wonder at the fifteen-year-old boy  no man  whose eyes bored into his. Fifteen and a shaman; mentally he shook his head, but he dared not show it. The shaman just smiled in understanding.
It was late by that time, the land hidden in darkness, the earth already cooled. The astounding revelation had drained some of the good feelings out of the gathering, so that Baer wisely told everyone to retire to sleep. He took the guest to the bachelors fire and assigned him a sleeping spot, Tanya hurrying to give him extra covers to make his place more comfortable.
Baer put a hand on Chaikos shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. The leader had been shocked to the core by Taels lie. Not only had Tael stolen the weapon, now he was trying to take the credit for it. Baer shook his head, but Chaiko merely shrugged his shoulders; he knew he had created the weapon and for him that was enough. The truth will out, was all he said to Baer.
Once in his bedding, Dawn snuggled closer to Chaiko and held him, especially tender and warm, comforting him for this grievous affront, and Chaiko allowed himself to be consoled half the night.

Chapter 13
Early next morning Baer invited the visitor to the council fire and explained in detail the history of Tael and his theft of Falcon and subsequent flight into the hills. Yesterday was the first time they had heard of him again. Ushi shook his head in wonder that such things could happen to any clan. Then Baer interrogated the wanderer in like detail and had him confirm every particular of his recollection. There could be no doubt, it had to be Tael. Tusk muttered in a black mood, You should have let me take care of him then, and this would not have happened. Baer squirmed uncomfortably; he was thinking, why hadnt he?
Take heart, be at peace, Chaiko spoke up, seeking to ease their concerns. We know that Tael did not create Falcon and in time the truth will be made known to all. Dont waste your time. Make no great issue of it. Then to divert them he asked Ushi to show them his wares. Ushi was glad to do so. He hurriedly got his bundle and undid it with great care, extracting flint after flint from various folds. He put each piece on a soft bison robe, showing pride in the quality of his wares. All told, they were of excellent workmanship, but only a few exceeded Kors best efforts. Ushi presented each with flair, pointing out some unique feature. Chaiko had to smile; there was no question that the wanderer knew his craft, convincing people that each stone was somehow very special. Ushi then took the next out of a fold, the onlookers gasping at the sight of it: a spearhead shaped like a laurel leaf of a peculiar yellow color!
Where did you get that? Chaiko asked, pointing at the yellow piece. Ushi was somewhat nonplussed by the abruptness of the query.
Where it originates from, I do not know. We traded for it with the Akarri who live to the south beyond the great lake. Note its beautiful yellow color, how finely fluted it is and how perfect the serrated edges. Yes, this is a great prize and I would not part with it, so precious it has become to me. I keep it to show it to the knowledgeable. Ushi sounded sincere but Chaiko, who had been to a few Gatherings, recognized the tone: for one who traded, no item was priceless, in fact it was their task to set a price on everything, set it low if the trader was buying, inflate it if selling.
Who are these Akarris you mentioned? the shaman asked the trader who was again taken aback by the strange twist in the conversation. He would answer it, of course, but wanted to get back to his flints as soon as possible.
I spent a good part of the winter with them, trapped there by the rain that caused mudslides to rumble down mountain slopes and more rain that swelled rivers to a raging roar  quite uncrossable. There I picked up three such spearheads of unmatched craftsmanship.
Where exactly is their territory? Chaiko pressed.
South and then to the east. Five-and-five-and-four days due south along the great lake then five-and-three days more to the east. Add three more days from here. Why were they so interested in these people?
Do you know who lives west of them? Chaiko probed, Baer, Tusk and Cosh hanging on every word.
West of the Akarris? Ushi screwed up his face. Those would be the Tolmecs, I think. From what I hear, a rather crude bunch led by this giant of a man they call Toemain.
Tell me something of the Tolmecs, ordered Chaiko and again the trader was startled by the intensity of this mans focus. It felt like porcupine needles pushed into the skin. He was beginning to feel uncomfortable altogether. Why was this youth asking him all these questions? Was not Baer the leader here?
 There is not much I can tell you about them. It is said they hunt the bison and the elk. Sometimes they live in caves for years, then they suddenly move from there. He looked at them questioningly. What did they really want from him? There was a rumor that they eat each other in some strange ceremony.
The others shuddered at the last bit, but Baer said dismissingly, They always say that about strangers.
True, thats sadly true, admitted the trader readily, but he enjoyed shocking them all the same.
Is there nothing else you can tell us about them? Take your time, search your memory well, Chaiko directed him again.
I know only what I heard at the Akarris. They are many, it was said, and not particularly friendly with neighbors. It is good to have a wide river in between or a mountain range. What else can I tell you? I know little, he said shrugging his shoulders thinking, could we not get back to talking flint?
Tell me about their weapons, Chaiko required, his voice quiet but insistent.
Like the rest. Spears and throwing sticks. He paused and his face wrinkled in concentration, as he sought to unravel some memory trace. They have a piece of wood they use to throw spears with. I have never seen it but it is claimed that using it, they can throw their spears almost twice as far.
What do they use for flint? Chaiko asked.
Flint? the trader considered, glad to be back on this topic. I suppose like most, some grey flint and some yellow.
Yellow? the shaman prompted.
Yes, south of here there is a lot more yellow. But only a few reach the clans. They are indeed rare. But I may be persuaded to trade you mine, for a good trade.
How are they attired? Chaiko persisted.
Attired?
How are they covered? Is there some special way they outfit themselves?
Now that you mention it, yes. They shave their heads, color it all deep red except around the eyes which they darken black, and the mouth which they outline with ash-white. And, yes, they paint their feet white as well. Something to do with hiding themselves from evil spirits ... so the spirits cannot recognize them. This allows them to be vicious to others and not fear their spirits revenge.
Do you speak their tongue? Chaiko persevered.
Speak Tolmec? the trader was confounded by the question. No, I have learned some Akarri  the two languages are related  but I have never heard Tolmec spoken. His voice had an edge of irritation at this prolonged interrogation. He preferred conducting the conversation himself.
Take no offence, friend, Baer interjected into the conversation. It appears that the Tolmecs have moved into our hunting grounds and hunt without asking, take without permission. They kill bison on our grassland. They slay the beasts by the streams we call ours. So you see we would like to know more about these people who come upon us so uninvited.
As this revelation put the conversation in a different context, Ushi was glad to answer any of their questions. He tried hard to dredge up all that he could remember, but the truth was he could add little of consequence to what he had already told them. Baer smiled disarmingly at the trader, turned to Cosh and suggested, Why dont you take our honored guest and show him the use of Falcon? He turned back to the trader with a half bow, so that in your travels you might speak of it, and declare that you have seen it here first and in many hands. This is a weapon worth possessing and a skill worth knowing. With those words he began to bargain on behalf of the clan. He did not doubt that the trader would be willing to trade a few flints, including his prized yellow, for a Falcon. Cosh conducted Ushi toward the practice field.
For a person who professed to know little about the Tolmec, he gave us quite a lot of information, observed Baer dryly to the rest.
One has to ask the right questions to unlock the memory, Chaiko said, taking some credit, then he smiled broadly to distance himself from the self-praise. It would not do for people to perceive their shaman as vain.
Akarris, Tolmecs, the People-of-the-Elk ... Where have all these people come from? ... We are surrounded by strangers! Tusk exploded with this horrified conclusion. The two brothers looked at each other; yes, the plains were becoming crowded and there were so few bison to feed them.
Soon the same conversation was circulating around the fires. If there are so many people about, then why have we not seen them before? Gill wanted to know. Rea, for once, was with him and added his voice, Where have they all come from?
Perhaps they have been there all along, Makar suggested with uncharacteristic seriousness. It seemed that ever since he had become a hunter, he had tried to curb his flights into frivolity. A self-absorbed expression replaced the mischievous glint as he tried to emulate Baers dignity. Look at Dawn, her people are just beyond the mountains.
But Elk people would not have come here if it had not been for the elks not arrivingnor the bisonthat year, interjected Ido into the conversation. She was not going to let Makar have the last word on it.
The clan of Lesser-Bear-Claw did not see any people north of them, contributed Chandar. To the south are all clan: The Blackfeet, Sharp-Owl, Black-Clam and the Dorgay. I had never seen a stranger until I saw Dawn. If she is any example of them, then I say we should meet more strangers. There was a ready murmur of agreement at this, as Dawn was well liked, though most people could not penetrate the calm poise of the girl.
At a Gathering many years ago, I saw a stranger who was most peculiar. He had a bone stuck through his nose, for decoration. He claimed that he came from very far away. He said there are people who are all black; black hair, black skin, and even black teeth, offered Kor, passing his hand through his thinning hair.
What happened to him? Malek wanted to know. In his paintings, people often came out all black.
He tried to mate with a clan girl, replied Kor. She was willing but her kin was not so eager to have him in their family line. I dont remember exactly, but he had a name like Ozoxissam. One had to swallow ones tongue to say it. As you might well imagine, nobody was anxious to stick such an unwieldy name into their lineage. It is hard enough as is to remember regular names.
He was called Ziszoknisam, corrected Calla, but he did not stay. He took the girl with him; she ran away with him without her kin having any say. I am related to her in some way.

Ushi returned from the practice field with a changed outlook and regarded Chaiko with undisguised admiration. It was amazing in his estimation how quickly the fifteen-year-old youth had suddenly turned into a shaman with magic powers. He spoke with great enthusiasm about Falcon and offered to trade the weapon on behalf of the clan.
Here, take this and this, he offered, laying the flints one by one in front of Chaiko, pausing only slightly before adding his favorite yellow. I will take all the Falcons you can make and I can carry, and trade them to all the clans. I will praise your name for creating this great weapon, and I will acclaim the Standing-Rock Clan for their proficiency in the use of it. But ... he paused with the fear of a trader who finds himself overmatched in a transaction, you must teach me ... and grant me the magic power you possess... to use such an awesome weapon.
Baer and Chaiko looked at each other, reading each others thoughts. The offer was good. Ushi was an accomplished trader, who loved to travel and traded to pay his way. Falcon would also give him a sense of mission to propagate a new skill. All traders dream of finding just such a valuable commodity. But Chaiko had his own timetable, so he said, I have but few weapons to give you and it takes time to make a Falcon properly... He wanted the trader delayed, for if the clan was to face the Tolmec strangers, it would be important to have one available who could perhaps understand their speech.
Suddenly the trader had time, all the time they wanted. To have the right to trade such a valuable ware was worth the wait. He looked about with new interest; he would have to get to know these faces. He smiled. Chaiko smiled. A bargain had been struck. It was clear to all who had followed the proceedings with interest. Emma clapped her hands together in surprised wonder to have witnessed an accord between the trader and the clan. Indeed, what a rare event!

After the meeting, the clan resumed the normal flow of the day. Scouts were sent to the west to keep watch for a possible new incursion by the Tolmecs. Cosh felt in some way reassured by knowing who these people were, but was disquieted by their fierce reputation. It was clear that the first contact was going to be critical. Tusk had sounded so adamant, wanting the strangers off clan land and more than ready to fight with them. Baer had hummed and hawed noncommittally. Chaiko had looked inside himself, seemingly lost in some deep thought. Yes, the first meeting would be very interesting, thought Cosh with a shiver of apprehension. Unconsciously, he increased his stride and the other two, Chandar and Crow groaned inwardly, wondering what was driving the scout.
Tusk went north, leading a small group of hunters with the intention of bringing home a bison. Baer reasoned it was best to keep the lead hunter occupied. Chaiko had layered a requirement that they bring back an older female with a good coat of furs. He had made it sound like it was some mysterious spiritual requirement because he too saw the need to keep the hunter busy. Chaiko also suggested that Ushi go along; it would be good to test the mettle of the man and equally important to establish a precedent for him to obey someone of clan authority. The last was easy, for Tusk by his size commanded automatic respect.
The women went off on various errands, some to collect moss for bedding, some to gather mushrooms, others to look for edible roots. Emma and Calla went in search of herbs; they argued all the way, each holding herself as the pre-eminent authority on the subject (and all else as well). It seemed that in whatever area of endeavor it was, elbow work was required to establish some elbowroom; reputations had to be serviced and maintained. Somewhere along the way a compromise was struck. Calla was given acknowledgement for expertise on all cooking herbs, while Emma was ceded all healing herbs. Since they were equally stubborn in defending their own areas of competence, this compromise was the best they could hope for.
Ruba and Ork were sent for more firewood, an onerous task that the boys resented. They thought it was unjust to boot, as their number had suddenly been reduced by one because Sosa in his present condition was not required to go along. Sosa sat by himself with a vacant expression on his face. He moved very little, did not even shoo flies from his face and scratched himself only occasionally. Yaya shivered to see her son so reduced. Kray peered at his son uncomprehendingly, but he had great faith in the shaman, and expected his son to be restored shortly. He was a hunter and worker of wood and knew nothing of such spirit things, so he shrugged his shoulders and went hunting with the rest.
Chaiko spent some time with the afflicted youth. It seemed to him that Sosa had retreated deep within himself. He had to consider the possibility that somehow the spirit had left the body altogether, leaving just this hollow shell. Body, soul and spirit, the shaman repeated to himself looking for the solution to the riddle here. He would have to find out more about the spirit world. But how? His dreams did not help him. He thought of Tomme and the Rainbow Spirit-Gate, beyond which lay all knowledge and he ached with longing to pass through it. He shook his head sadly. Was he ever going to know it all? A trance could be another route into the spirit world, the workings of which he was supposed to know as shaman. When time allowed him, he would retreat to some lonely spot to sit and contemplate, to eat nothing, go without sleep, make his thoughts into nothing, and stare at the horizon until the spirit word looked back at him. If he only had the time. But his concern about Sosa, Ushi, Tael and now the Tolmecs fully occupied him.
The girls Lana and Ido went to the waterfall to collect some early acacia blooms for eating. The cluster of white flowers had a delicate sweet taste and was just the thing to enjoy after a heavy meal of juicy meats. It was expected that the hunters would bring back some fresh meat and they were all looking forward to the feast to properly welcome Ushi the Omaani into their midst. As the heat of the day increased the girls were tempted to bathe in the pool, rubbing each other with slippery clay mixed with fern. Then they stood under the waterfall, the force of the flow massaging their bodies and freshening their skins. A delicious sensation built up within and burst forth in much giggling and laughter. The girls returned to the cave around midday with a basket filled with blossoms and a few woven into their hair, their skins glowing. Tanya watched them in wonder, aware that her little girl was growing up very fast.

Gill did not go with the hunters as he was nursing a sore foot: yesterday he had stepped into a thorn that required Emmas ministering to clean the puncture. This morning there was some redness around the wound which Emma washed with birch bark solution and wrapped with some skins packed with mint leaves. She told him not to walk on it and Gill gladly used it as an excuse to loll about the bachelors fire and to watch the women in their activities. He had the decency to look away when he was caught looking, except when he was looking at Ela; then his grin widened and promised more than a man could reasonably fulfill ... though Ela was a great believer in promises. Yes, the hunter was so incapacitated and helpless that it was pure kindness on Elas part to take care of him, offering him a leaf full of roasted acorns with sharp tasting coriander leaves. The poor man was so overcome with his injuries that Ela had to hand feed him, which she did out of the kindness of her heart. Nearby, Calla was heard muttering and was seen shaking her head disapprovingly. But even she had to desist when Ela looked at her challengingly, invoking the right to privacy.

Late afternoon the hunters returned loaded down with meat of an older cow with a full coat, just as requested. Their arrival stirred the cave into activity and quickly the meat was butchered, a generous portion roasted, the rest hung and smoked. The delicious flavor of the meat cooking filled the cave and aroused appetites. There was a great deal of laughter and back and forth bantering. Ushi could not stop talking about all he had seen of the hunt, how three talons struck down the animal and at what distance. Truly there was no better weapon anywhere than Falcon and its talons! Tusk reported that the flint heads worked well and penetrated the fur of the bison with ease.
As Rea observed the frequent attention Gill was receiving from Ela, his mouth formed into a thin line of disapproval. Noting this, Gill became even more helpless and appeared on the verge of moaning on account of his great pain; Ela hurried to his side to ease his suffering. Rea just made repeated goat noises.

The meat was ready and quickly served, but of course had to await the obligatory words from Baer. Most hoped that he would not be overly inspired by the occasion. Baer started, This night we welcome Ushi of the Omaani to our fires and share with him the bounty of the plains. We give thanks to Mother-Earth for the abundance she provides us and give thanks to the animal that died so that we might thrive. There was the customary murmur of thanks that had become rote. People were hopeful, but Baer was not yet done: We thank our visitor for all the news he brings us of all the clans. We are grateful for the information he gave us on the new  people, the Tolmecs. He had almost said intruders, but it was best to keep thoughts and words as neutral as possible to avoid arousing peoples apprehension. We look forward to your carrying the name of Standing-Rock Clan to all the other clans, and hope you will speak well of us and can proclaim that you were treated well here.
Hear, hear, the others chorused in affirmation, hoping that enough was done for the sake of form. But not yet; Baer continued, We likewise give thanks to our brother clans, the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan, the Sharp-Owl Clan and The Black-Clan ... the Black-lam ... the Black CLAM clam... he said with some difficulty forcing his tongue around the awkward juxtaposition of syllables. Baer, by calling upon the neighboring clans, wanted to remind people that they were surrounded by kin and friends should they be forced to confront the Tolmec. So welcome, Ushi of the Omaani, he concluded, sitting down to a general sigh of relief ... but of course this too had to be answered.
Ushi the Omaani rose, conscious of the occasion. In my travels I have visited many lands and been welcomed at many hearths. I have been to the ice fields of the North and hunted the walrus with the Kaen. I have been to the far East among the Kush and fought the bear in the rocks of Saiyr. And as I have told you, I have been south with the Akarris and fished the waters of their rivers to pull fish larger than a big man from the deep. And today I can say to all the clans I henceforth will visit that I have been to the westernmost in the clans domain and was very hospitably treated by the Standing-Rock Clan where the rocks indeed stand to proclaim clan land. And with me I shall take mighty Falcon and show it to all the clans and praise your names in all the places my feet will take me. And believe me, it will be sung in your praise that you have taught wood to fly ... and the wood to obey. With that he sat down. A cheer broke out, half for his eloquence and half in relief that they would finally get to eat.
Then their hearts sank as Chaiko stood up, but he merely waved a twist of smoking sweet grass about and wished them a good appetite. The clan got down to serious eating and a contented murmur filled the cave. Even Gill took cheer and recovered his appetite. Sosa was the only one unaffected; he chewed mindlessly on a piece of meat which his mother pressed into his hand.
Baer paused between mouthfuls and gazed into the darkening land, concern on his face; the scouts had not yet returned. What could be keeping Cosh? he asked himself; it surely bode nothing good for the clan. Chaiko read the expression in his brothers eyes and smiling, shrugged his shoulders, to diminish the leaders worries. The two brothers looked at each other in perfect understanding. Between them they shouldered the responsibility for the clan. Baer gave a small nod; so be it, what will be, will be ... the clan will face it together. He turned toward the Omaani and asked about his family. Do you not miss them?
Yes, I miss them. I have a son Tali, now about twelve, and a girl Alla who is eight. On all my travels I miss them. But as soon as I get home my mate rails at me and does not stop. In the morning I wake up, and she is still talking to me from the night before. There is no peace at my fire. I go into the bush to hide, but in my head I can still hear her talking. It is like a water drip, drip, constantly dripping. And after a while I start listening to it in spite of myself and my head starts to ache from all the words. I can stand it for a handful of days, then I find myself on the path again leading me away. But yes, I miss them. Ushi shrugged his shoulders, what could a man so afflicted do? The admission awoke some unpleasant memories and he turned quickly to another topic.
You know not, for you have missed the last Gathering of Clans, that Corrigan Lebow of the Black-Clam Clan was elected to head the Council of Shamans. He now holds the power of the Council in his hand.
What kind of man is he? Chaiko wanted to know this critical information for he, as shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, must petition the council for recognition and a seat on that council.
He is not Bogan, Ushi said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
No one is, Chaiko stated, touching Bogans tell-stone on his neck that had come to Chaiko through his mother, who had received it as a gift from the great shaman.
But he, Corrigan, thinks he is greater than even Bogan and is dead set on proving it. He is ambitious to the core, I would say. The trader rubbed his chin thoughtfully. He is distinguished enough for the rank and wise enough to be the head, but ... he is foremost for Corrigan and wants to outshine everyone. The trader spat with disdain into the dust. He listens to no counsel but his own. No words but his own carry any weight with him. Last year there were some minor disputes over hunting rights between two clans and they petitioned, as was their right, to arbitrate the quarrel. It was really not a great issue and I do not even remember the details, but Corrigan blew it up into a huge affair so that he could play a more glorious role and impose his wisdom on the council and the clans involved. Well he did, but it left a bad taste in everyones mouth. Ushi spit again. The man is full of pride and full of hunger to feed it. And jealous of all attention. I hate to think what he will come up with in a real crisis. Ushi shook his head regretfully. Chaiko was disappointed, for he had great expectations of the council and he needed their help. But to hear the trader so describe it, with the members so easily misled, shook his confidence.
But there is a man called Hoar-Boar, the leader of the Amanti Clan far to the east. Now there is a man. He is old enough to be wise and patient, young enough to be full of energy and desire to do something for the clans. People expect great things from him, said Ushi with pride, claiming a piece of him, for the Amanti and the Omaani were neighbors and closely related.
Changing the subject, Ushi continued, There is a woman of the Blackfoot Clan who bore not one, but three boys  all alike, not a bit of difference among them. They were called Sio, Thio, and Rio (One, Two and Three in the old language of the clans), and even their father cannot tell them apart. They were about two years old at the time I saw them, like three drops of water, no difference at all. No one has seen the like of it. One day a man has a pregnant mate, the next he is the father of three boys who look exactly alike.
Ushi was still very talkative and badly wanted to ingratiate himself with such an important person as Chaiko, a reputed magician, although he did not claim to be. Besides, Ushi was a traveler, who aside from his flint wares, had many stories to tell to claim hospitality. There is a small clan, Medoc, far to the south. A man there found a large shell cast up on the beach. He blows into one end of the shell and the most beautiful sound comes out the other. At the last Gathering, he blew it till he was blue in the face from the effort, but people could not get enough of it. The sound started as a low moan then rose and rose almost but not quite bursting. That man had an amazingly long breath.
The Medoc also brought to the Gathering a two-headed fox. It died young, but they showed the skin and bones and I saw clearly the two heads fused to the same neck bone. It was a most amazing thing to behold. Another clan brought a six legged turtle. A Kush brought a bird large as a man: big feet, round body, a small head atop a long neck. This bird could run very fast, even with a small boy on its back to guide it. They had a hood on its head, over the eyes, so it could not see to run away. It was an astonishing sight. They said it was from the far south. Ushi looked about at the clan and said regretfully, It is too bad that your clan missed the last Gathering.
Yes, it was too bad, Chaiko answered, acknowledging their loss.

Around the fires people were looking for entertainment and unconsciously they were waiting for Makar to burst into one of his spontaneous displays, but he was strangely quiet. Still, he felt the pressure of their expectations, so he stood and immediately a hush fell over the cave. He intoned the well recognized form of a riddle.
By day I hide, by night I see,
I sweep the sky, from sea to sea.
Silent is my shadow, dark behind my back,
But I look to the fore, I paint it in light.
Yet light eats me and I fade away,
Though I am still there, you can barely see me,
Outlined.

Ruba yelled wanting to be first: Mist! But everybody shook their head. Smoke, tried Ork. But it was Ido who said in a quiet voice, Moon. It had to be the moon, everyone agreed.
Makar started again;
By day I hide, by night I see,
I sweep the sky from tree to tree.
Silence is my cloak, darkness my guise.
But look above, catch my flight.
Yet light hurts me and I hide away
Though I am still, you can see me,
I have turned into a tree.

Ruba yelled again, Mist! Ork tried Stars. But again it was Ido who answered correctly, Owl. Makar smiled broadly at her; Ido just blinked back at him.
By now the fires had shrunk and darkness extended its wings inside the cave. One by one, people dispersed to settle down for the night. Chaiko covered his mate and child and settled into his furs. Sleep did not come to him easily, as he struggled with the enigma of the spirit world, a puzzle that he had to solve, not the least of all so he could find Sosa.

Chapter 14
It was not until midday that Cosh returned with the scouts. They were bone-weary, having hurried to bring them news of another incursion by the Tolmecs. This time they had been attracted by several smoke columns rising into the sky in the distance. They had approached the site carefully, keeping behind cover. They had found around three fires a large party of hunters accompanied by some women. There was a bit of disagreement whether the lot was five or six hands in number. A little later four more had joined them; obviously they had been scouting. The way it appeared to Cosh, they intended to sweep further to the north. They appeared well armed, each hunter having two spears and a club or a throwing stick.
This news suddenly transformed the lazy morning into a beehive of concern. Tusk, of course, wanted to meet them head on, and force them off clan lands. He was the most vocal about his feelings and others, notably Rea and Kray, soon joined him. Baer finally had to shout down the commotion, telling everyone to shut up and sit down. He motioned for the leaders to follow him to the council fire where they could discuss this crisis in private. He indicated that Ushi should also come; after all he knew more about these strangers than anyone. The rest, he waved away.
Cosh had to repeat himself and elaborate on several points. By the looks of the camp, they had just crossed the river that midmorning. The timing thus gave indication that the parent camp could not be far into the mountains on the other side of the river. The camp looked orderly, with the fire well laid and two hunters on guard, indication that these people were used to hostile reactions by others. The women had been feeding the men, passing around food and water. A smaller group of men, who looked to be the leaders, were quietly talking with each other. Most were resting, just as the clan would prior to a hunt. Cosh would have liked to stay longer and observe their hunting but thought it better to report back. They had hurried and barely stopped, except for a short pause in the middle of the night.
Were you seen? Baer wanted to know.
I dont think so, replied Cosh. We were careful to stay out of sight. However, as we were returning we had to climb over a high ridgeline, and there we were exposed and visible, though not from their camp ... but maybe from some other vantage ... if they had other scouts or guards out.
They sat in silence for a while digesting this news. Predictably it was Tusk who erupted angrily. We cannot let them stay here! We cannot let them come and go as they please! We cannot let them hunt and take what they want of our bison! We must do ... something!
All of them felt the same. What would you suggest? Chaiko asked reasonably; might as well bleed off some of Tusks excess of feelings on the matter.
Why, drive them off! Tell them they are not wanted here! Tell them they have no right to the land! Tusk sputtered in his anger. And if they wont listen ... then ..? even he did not want to evoke full hostilities. The others, too, remained quiet, but they seethed with emotions so stirred up.
It seems clear that we have to face them, Baer said, but what should be our stance? What shall we take in our heart to meet them? Anger? Hate, even? Fear?
A third of the way back, Cosh said in flat tones, we paused to rest. We erected a Standing-Stone so they would know this land is occupied and claimed already. Cosh paused, then added with some resolution, We must protect what is ours.
With our blood? asked Baer, mentioning the unspeakable.
No! With theirs! came the immediate reply from Tusk. They all looked at him shocked to be facing such choices.
The first time we meet strangers, Chaiko said deliberately keeping his tone neutral, we should greet them with violence? He left his question hanging in the air awhile. Blood will cry out for more blood. From violence there is no stepping back. If we take the first step and it is violence, what will the second step be? Silence greeted him, as the rest stared morosely at the ground. Chaiko scooped up some sand then slowly let it trickle out of his hand. It was a favorite gesture of his mentor Samar, to indicate that time was running out for some conclusion. The others recognized it and looked wonderingly at him for the meaning.
Can Standing-Rock claim the whole of the sky? Can we claim the water that flows in the river passing through our lands? Does the water care what we think? Does the wind listen to our words? We use the land but do not own it. The sun shines on us and the same on the Tolmecs. To whom does the sun belong? He looked around at the tense faces, his eyes piercing. He slapped his hands, wiping off the sand. Chaiko squinted at Ushi who had been very quiet, What do you think?
The trader did not rush to answer. He rolled a pinch of his cheek between his fingers. I know them not directly, but the Akarris considered them uneasy neighbors. They have a fierce reputation and are more used to violence than you, I judge. Their leader Toemain is a giant of a man, said to be fearless and without respect for any son of woman. They claim to be descendants of dragons and look down on the rest of us. There was some talk of their having a Spirit-Guide, who was much respected and was said to be more moderate, but he kept going off into the wasteland to contemplate. To search for spirits, I think. Not much else is known about him.
This additional news was not reassuring and increased their gloominess.
Chaiko looked at the trader. Have you any questions for our scouts?
Ushi nodded and straightway asked, How were they painted?
Painted? Cosh considered. On the face, they had dark black around their eyes.
Was the rest of their face painted in red? asked the trader, leaning forward.
No, came the reply without hesitation.
Good! They do not expect trouble, otherwise they would mask themselves in red.
Chaiko shuddered involuntarily at the thought of such fierce people, painted so, unrecognizable, certainly not human. Tusk picked up a stone and cast it off angrily. Cosh made swirl patterns in the sand, his face pulled into a distasteful grimace. As a hunter he was used to blood, but never human blood. He had never lifted a weapon against a human ... never! It was not the way of the clans. But he had to defend his bison!
Finally Baer took a deep breath and said, We shall meet with them. We shall reason with them if we can. Make them know our claim to this land. But ... we shall take our weapons and if we are greeted with spears we shall let the talons speak for us and our claim.
No! Chaiko wanted to scream, but he could not contradict his leader once the words of decision were spoken. He bit his lips, then said in the most measured tone, Once you wound a bear, you must kill it, for in its anger it will surely kill you. It is better not to cross paths with it.
His brother looked at him piercingly, trying to read his thoughts. Baers expression clearly said, Well, then, give us your advice. The others, also, looked at him expectantly.
Let us not be quick to shed blood. Certainly we should not start with it. Once again Chaiko picked up a handful of sand and let it trickle through his fingers. They watched him mesmerized. He needed more time to think. Good, he finally burst out, startling them all, we shall go and meet them, with sudden resolution filling his voice. We shall all go, women and even children. And we shall take our ancestors with us! The others looked incredulously at him. We shall line ourselves up and face these strangers, all forty-seven of them. And then you and I, brother, will go to the front, armed with our wits and their terror. And we shall teach them reason, if they listen; fear if they wont.
Baer looked at him, his face slack with disbelief. Nevertheless part of him knew that Chaiko had accepted his decision to go but put his own twist on it. For what reason and why, he did not yet know, but he had to trust his brother, the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, the Master of Falcon, the cripple who could grow a leg and walk through fire. So be it, then! he said with more authority than he felt. Let us all go forth and meet these strangers.
They rose then and went about the fires to stir up the people and give them instructions, infusing them with purpose and confidence that the leaders at least knew what they were doing. Chaiko called out, Make haste, people, for before the high-flying eagle can return to its nest, the Standing-Rock Clan will be on its way to meet these strangers! He then went from group to group giving each specific directives, leaving behind a wake of bewilderment at some of the strange requests. But his voice was so firm and unwavering that no one thought to question it, not even Tusk, for clearly it was the shaman who was talking, the light and power of magic shining in his face. Dawn lowered her eyes before his fierce gaze and dared not ask him any questions.
In short order his directions were obeyed, and before the eagle could land the clan was on its way in a long line south. Cosh led them as he was instructed, never to reveal their presence to the Tolmecs. Chaiko wanted to choose the time and place of the meeting; until then they must remain unobserved. On the way, he told Baer the details of the plans that he had so far worked out and once again Baer wondered at the man his brother had become.
After a while the line was strung out in a single file pushing through the grass, following the contours of the land, going from one depression into another. The pace was quick for they had much distance to cover. Chaiko went up and down the line, matching steps with that one and giving instructions as to what was expected.
By nightfall they had reached the place of his choosing, a shallow depression that hid them all from view, not far east of the strangers camp. Though it was rapidly turning dark, Cosh was sent with Chandar and Crow to scout the lay of the land and the strangers exact position. In spite of the long days march, people were apprehensive about the coming confrontation and had difficulty settling down on makeshift sleeping places without even the comfort of a fire. Baer and Chaiko were sitting together, but they had been over all the plans so many times that they no longer had anything to talk about. Given the seriousness of the situation they were facing, inconsequential talk would have been most irritating. Finally, to shed some of his restlessness, Chaiko stood then started to circle the camp, highly excited. Every aspect of his plan was clear and precise in his mind, in fine balance. He had no fear, in fact he was confident, but he wished the time would pass and they could set it in motion: this was his plan! This was the full weight of his responsibility, its success or failure belonged to him. If only the moon would set and the sun would rise, then they could start.
A little later in the night Cosh returned. He reported that the camp had shifted somewhat north but was even more ideally located for the clans purposes. It looked as if the hunt of the day had been successful, as there were several carcasses still being butchered and fire-seared, the women working into the night. After a few more questions Cosh retired, holding onto his mate Ile. After that they all settled down except Chaiko, who went to check on Dawn and Yael, tucked the cover tightly around them, then resumed his walking around camp.
He was acutely conscious of the destiny facing them. The Standing-Rock Clan would face its future on the plain a short distance away with the rising of the sun. And before them all would stand the leader and the shaman of the people; the mind and heart of the clan, to face the peril of the day. Had he ever confronted anything more significant in his whole life than this? In all of his fifteen years? He smiled to himself ruefully. Tomorrow was most important for them all. Every one of them had to do what each had been assigned, without fail. The shaman of his people took larger and larger steps as he mentally forced his plan on the order of the coming day.
Chaiko was aware that behind his present thoughts existed a deep wish that he could focus some spiritual energy on their behalf. As he called upon the spirits of his ancestors to come to their aid in this crucial undertaking, he was somewhat distracted by the realization that he had not thought of his parents for a long time. He focused their vision in his mind and called upon them for help.
I, Chaiko son of Laars, the son of Tokae, the son of Malet, the son of Timur, of Challar, of Krone the Bear, of Tamton, Belor, Carri, Ondolay who was the son of the woman named Kumi ... I call upon you to come to our aid. Bring with you the host of spirits of the clan. I call you to defend your land so you are not forced to wander henceforth among strangers. More he could not do. He did not have the knowledge to bind spirits to do his bidding. But he had tried, and was now glad to turn his attention in another direction. He found more confidence in thinking of his mentor, Samar, dead now for over a year. What would he have done? What would he have advised? But Chaiko knew that the old man would have found this task of facing the Tolmecs beyond his abilities. Who would know then? Bogan, of course. The greatest shaman of the clans would have surely known. Unfortunately he had been dead for many years. Still it was curious that all lines of thought led back to him.

The night passed slowly for Chaiko, but it did pass and by its end he had achieved a new balance of calmness and confidence. He felt he had done as much as he could in the spiritual sense, and anyway the moment of truth was almost upon them. He had worn a path around their camp and found it difficult now to leave it.
There was a perceptible lightening in the east, but sunrise was still some time away. Chaiko found Cosh and shook him into awareness. It is time, he said as the scout looked at him questioningly. After that Cosh shook others awake and soon people were stumbling about in the semidarkness. But as heads cleared, some order emerged from the confusion, and movements became purposeful and coordinated.
Chaiko undressed and unaccustomed, stood naked in public view while Dawn rubbed a mixture of grease, ash and white clay all over him. She traced some lines into this caked-on mixture with her fingers and Chaiko soon lost all individuality and became, as he intended, more and more grotesque. Following his directions, she then washed his hair with some powdered limestone, which soon dried and left his hair impossibly stiff, standing into the air. Around his forehead and ears he tied a grass matting with holes for his eyes and mouth and Dawn daubed clay and limestone onto the mask. Tanya was similarly attending to Baer. Soon the masks became heavy with their load, but the effect was indescribable, erasing all traces of humanity and turning them into demons to terrorize their enemies. Even Chaiko, looking at his brother, was overwhelmed by the effect of this treatment ... much more striking than he would have dared to hope. The ungainly round heads of the mask, round eye holes staring out as if from skulls, no nose, no other feature than another hole for a gaping mouth, the splay of stiff hair on top, the white bodies of caked, cracked mud turned them more into demons than any demons could be.
The light was rising slowly as all attended to their assignments. Chaiko looked to the east  the light was just right with the sun still below the horizonand nodded to his brother. Baer then gave the sign and the whole clan moved as they had been instructed to do. Cosh with the scouts went off to round up some bison that would later be needed. There was a hushed sense of expectation as the clan moved silently through the wet grass. They were approaching the crest of the ridgeline that overlooked the strangers camp; however, before reaching the top, Baer signaled for them to stop, then waved Chaiko and Tusk to him. Chaiko squeezed Dawns hand, and the two looked at each other encouragingly, sweet good-bye looks exchanged; then he went to the leaders. The three slowly moved up the slope till they could see into the next vale with only their heads over the grass.
The strangers camp lay on the other side, exactly as Cosh had described it, at the bottom of a gentle slope. Three fires were smoking, as well as a few smudge fires to the side bathing the strung-up meat. There were bundled shapes scattered on the ground and one seated figure with the head down, obviously asleep. The three leaders looked at each other then nodded. Baer said, Lets do it. He raised his arm and motioned to the rest of the clan to take their positions along the ridge-line overlooking the camp. Everybody, even the children, carried an evergreen bush, about the size of a man, and the dummies made of straw that Chaiko and Dawn had made the previous year. With the rising light behind them, the effect was overpowering. Suddenly the whole crest was populated by a threefold of their numbers, in the menacing order of vultures awaiting their turn at a kill. The sun rose above the horizon and backlit with full light the line standing on the crest. The shadows cast raced ahead of them, stabbing towards the sleeping forms. Baer said again, Lets do it, and he and Chaiko strode into the fore toward the camp, naked, glowing with white mud, hideous and inhuman. Chaiko made bizarre animal noises and the rest started to beat wood against wood, sounding like dried-out bones rattling on bones.
The first of the sleepers came startled out of his sleep and wished he had not. For there in the brilliant light of the rising sun stood a great multitude of giants reaching toward the sleeping forms with menacing shadows, and to the fore, two man-eating demons dancing and waving the leg bone of a bison at the camp. The man squawked in terror, his voice breaking in many places across the whole of its range. He was soon joined by another horrified onlooker ripped from sleep. Dazed and confused, the rest awoke into a nightmare which they could not escape. An army of shadows overlooked them from the hill as looming, malevolent silhouettes in the rising flood of illumination, casting spears of light, bright and piercing into sleepy eyes. And behind the shadows rose the sun into its full, blinding brilliance. The eyes filled with tears. Closer to the front the two demons leaped towards the camp and screeched with unearthly sounds, while the awakened jumped to their feet and stood there frozen. Yiiyiyiyiyiy yi, echoed the whole line of hills. And the ominous shapes rattled their bones. Somana. Somana. Somana... the hills moaned the Akarri word bleed, that Chaiko hoped the Tolmecs would recognize. The bones rattled. The teeth chattered. Bleed! the hills cried.
In front the two white demons screeched again and suddenly fire leaped into the air as one burning talon after another curved across the sky to strike into a patch of dry reeds. Then another and another. To the Tolmecs it appeared that fire was raining from the sky. Not a few pissed themselves in fright, unaware even that they had done so. Soon the reeds were burning and smoke drifted across the campsite increasing the confusion. Was anything right in this nightmare world? The demons hissed and spit through ugly round mouths and shook the leg bones at them. Their skin cracked and peeled and a horrible stench came from them. Some of the Tolmecs blubbered; sounds and saliva foamed in their mouths. Others were turned to water unable to move, unable to gather themselves. With horrible fascination they watched the demons dancing, hearing the rattle of bones from the hilltop, seeing the swaying of their masses in the blinding glare, and the fire falling from the sky. Appallingly the world about them made no sense, all had turned ugly, as if all the spirits they had been hiding from had finally found them to exact a horrible revenge.
Suddenly, the sound of hooves came through the curtain of smoke as Cosh drove a small herd upon the camp and a maddened bull burst into the midst of the Tolmecs. It wheeled about, confused by so many humans, but then lowered his head to charge the nearest one. At this, even the bravest lost courage and started to flee, but in their panic did not know which way to run, but run they did. One terrorized person flew right toward the demons, but then realizing his mistake, babbled the incomprehensible language of terror, and ran the other way right into the milling herd.
This time there was a stampede of humans as the strangers ran the only way they knew, toward the river, toward safety on the other shore. They threw themselves into the water heedless of the cold, heedless of the current, splashing through the flow, still blubbering. They clambered up on the other side, slipping on the bank, clawing their way through the tangle of vegetation in their way, and ran for the hills and the mountains. The men outdistanced the women by far and took not the least care of them. A few looked back, terror still in their eyes, again seeing the demons dancing on the other shore, waving their arms and the long bison bones. The smoke from the fire in the reeds was subsiding, but still blurred the crowd of demons on the crest. Yiyiiyi yi-yah, came their haunting cries to speed them on their way, Somana. Bleed. The last one tried desperately to catch up with the rest and threw himself into the gap in the hills, disappearing.
Chaiko looked at Baer, Baer looked back at him. They were both hoarse and could barely speak. I think we have done it, Chaiko croaked.
That we did, answered Baer. It was strange not to have to move suddenly, not to have to yell, but to listen to the silence lengthening. Then the tension of waiting, the tension of daring the impossible, broke and they were laughing wildly in release, but it was a hoarse and ugly laugh. Weak-kneed, Chaiko dropped to the ground as his frame shook uncontrollably. His brother was guffawing, Did you see the one who did not know where to run? Ran one way then the other. Finally he ran right into a bush, fell, got up and ran into the same bush again. Then I lost sight of him.
Cosh joined them, his eyes wide, looking from one to the other. They looked so hideous in the low-angle light, the clay face mask round and ghastly, bits of clay flaking from the skin and reeking of an evil smell; had he not seen them being made up, he would have been frightened to death himself. The brothers peeled away the cumbersome head masks and felt even more light-headed. Tusk came up to them in fine good humor. I guess we showed them, did we not? Did you see them run? I have never seen such running. They were running over each other.
Dawn came up to them and offered a wrap to Chaiko, who realized he was naked and gratefully covered himself. Dawn carefully kept her eyes averted from Baer, who suddenly became very aware of his own nakedness. It was one thing to be a naked demon challenging enemies, but quite another to be the leader again, having to face his whole clan; how could he retain his dignity? Cosh gave him a piece of skin and he covered himself as best as he could with the smallish patch. It did not help that he was so well endowed by nature. Belatedly, Tanya rushed up to conceal him.
They all descended to the Tolmecs camp to find there all the spoils abandoned by the strangers in their heedless flight to safety. The rest of the clan was already poking through their belongings.
Look, they saved us so much work, Gill said, pointing at the strips of meat hanging on lines in the smoke. He took one in his hand, testing its dryness, and almost ready, too.
Cosh looked about and declared, Four beasts, and four furs.
All young. Chaiko shook his head regretfully.
But tender, Gill added in an undertone.
There was a heady giddiness of victory at having bested so formidable a number of opponents. Everyone wanted to talk about what they had witnessed and what they had felt. The hubbub of voices swirled, as word by word the tension was shed, syllable by syllable the fear and apprehension discharged.
The heat left Chaiko, and having been up all the night before marshalling spirit forces, he felt suddenly exhausted. He shivered and sat down heavily on the ground. Dawn rushed over to him and wrapped him in furs. She massaged his neck, hugged him and kissed his face, not minding at all the demon smell that still lingered about him. Her mate had dared the strangers all, frightened and driven them away. Was there ever such a man as he? Pride in him glowed within her for his bravery and his love, for she knew that he had been defending them, his mate and child.
Baer finally roused the rest, his voice booming over the commotion. He soon had them all organized and packing. He had decided to take everything, the meat, the hides, even the bones, and to leave nothing behind, to confound the Tolmecs should they decide to investigate. He told Cosh to erase all signs of their camp, even to uproot the fire, and plant in its place some grass dug up from somewhere else. The scout was even to obliterate any sign of themselves.
For a long stretch on the way back the clan waded along a stream to leave no tracks at all. They were loaded down with meat they had not hunted, with animal robes they had not skinned. Even Tay and Sosa had to carry something.
It was late in the day when they arrived back at the cave. They dropped their loads gratefully and groaning, straightened cramped muscles and bones. The women set about to finish smoking the meat, but Baer ordered the fires to be kept small and smokeless. After all that had happened, he wanted no invitation to show in the sky. He also mounted guard to watch all approaches, henceforth to be manned day and night. He did not want to be surprised as they had ambushed the Tolmecs.
That night people were glad to lie down to sleep, the long distance having caused much weariness, their emotions wrung-out by all the excitement of the day. Ruba awoke in the middle of the night, crying in terror; he was being chased by white demons with hideous heads. He whimpered and dared not fall asleep again, for behind his eyelids more demons were waiting, of that he was sure. From the place on guard, Kray looked at him curiously. For him the night was long.
It was only next morning that the leaders were able to talk about the events of the confrontation.
We won some time, Baer said, how much, remains to be seen. The ruse that Chaiko devised worked well, but I doubt if it would work again so well.
No, the next time they come, admitted Chaiko, they will be expecting demons and will have prepared themselves in some way.
There are many more of them than us, Cosh added with some apprehension.
We should send to our brother clans for assistance, advised Tusk. After us, they would be next anyway.
But we cant spare anyone right now, objected Baer.
For awhile they were all quiet as they mulled over their predicament. What to do next? They knew that this was not the last encounter with the strangers; they had only won some time before the next event. The others hoped that their shaman could solve for them what should come next.

Around the fires, people stirred and moved sluggishly. Yesterday had been a long sustained effort and it would take them days yet to recover. Makar, feeling a great need to mark the momentous event, intoned loudly,
The shaman of the people stood
The leader of the clan next to him
And the rocks stood as the hillside stood
Rattling, a-rattling their bones.
Sleepers ripped from sleep and cold
To find the hills standing against them
Bleed! The hills commanded
Bleed! The mountains echoed
The strangers fled, the stranger ran
Chased by demons of their imagining
The day the Standing-Rock Clan stood
And watched the strangers flee the land.
For this is clan land
Where rocks will stand ...
This is clan land ... Where rocks will stand ... To bar your way, the clan chanted over and over again, feeling as one, welded together to defend their land.
Then Baer stood up, tall and strong, and looked about at them all. He waited patiently until every sound subsided as they turned to him expectantly. Chaiko was struck how much his brother was the epitome of the clan. He was strong when strength was needed, kind and gentle when circumstances called for it. He was thoughtful and just. He was their leader, their father, yet very much one of them. Indeed, he was the clan. The one who could and most often gave expression to their wishes and desires.
Friends, I thank Makar for putting into such fine words how the clan stood against the intruders. Remember his words, so that your children might learn how you all stood brave and resolute against the strangers who came unasked and uninvited into our land. We thank you Makar for the gift of your words. He paused and pursed his lips in deep thought, looking into the past. And I thank each one of you who stood so unwavering upon that hill facing down our enemies. We stood together as a clan for the land that sustains us. This time we stood for the rocks that stand for us and denied the strangers our land, our waters, and took back our animals. You and I were brave that day we stood together, brave for in our hearts we knew what we were defending. And I tell you again, well done. There was answering applause and calls as enthusiasm swept through the cave at his words.
But my friends, I would not lie to you and tell you this was the last of it. No, the strangers we call Tolmecs will be back again. And next time they will come all painted expecting trouble. We must thus be careful, we must thus be vigilant. He paused to let the weight of his words sink in. Henceforth we will set a guard to watch all approaches to the cave so that we ourselves will not be surprised like we surprised them. Thanks to Chaiko and his cunning plan, this time we did not need to shed blood and no bones were broken as we drove the strangers into the river and back into their hills. But the next time ... and there will be a next time, be well prepared. That is what I wanted to say. Thank you all again.
These words had a sobering effect on their mood, and soon everyone dispersed to their sleeping furs.

Chapter 15
The leaders came together at their accustomed place to hold counsel. It seemed such a long time ago since they last sat there, but it had been only two days.
I wonder whats next? asked Baer of no one in particular. This was the question that was occupying them all.
Yes. What do we do the next time they come? Tusk, too, wanted to know.
Do? We do the unexpected! affirmed Chaiko in a voice that implied he had the whole thing worked out already.
His brother looked at him suspiciously. The unexpected? I do not even know what is expected. Do you?
It is best to catch a bird in its nest if you cannot fly to chase after it, came back the inscrutable reply.
They all pulled a face at this and there was a sudden flurry of raised eyebrows, but they knew that he talked like that when he was not yet ready to reveal himself. A heavy silence settled upon them.
What gave you the idea in the first place, to surprise them like that? Cosh asked Chaiko the question that was still puzzling him.
Chaikos gaze became piercing in its intensity. Why, the Tolmecs themselves told me.
The Tolmecs? the others echoed each other.
Yes, the Tolmecs! They paint their faces and bodies to frighten their enemies and to frighten themselves into violence. I just wanted to turn their ruse against them. I think it worked rather well.
That it did. They all nodded their heads.
There was a sharp whistle of warning from the guard post. Tolmecs! The thought flashed through the cave as people jumped up in alarm. The men reached for a Falcon or a spear; the women grabbed for the children or a digging-stick.
The leaders rushed to the mouth of the cave and looked out with apprehension but saw only a solitary figure starting up the slope: a stranger but obviously clan. Rea, on guard, came up to report somewhat sheepishly what they could already see. Only belatedly did he realize the shock he had created throughout the cave by his alert.
I am sorry, he said in defense, I got too excited at seeing some stranger there, after a long time of seeing nothing but wind bending the grass.
It is all right, Baer said, accepting his apology, but his heart was still racing.
Now who could this be? Tusk asked, peering with instant suspicion at the lone figure.
Cosh carefully scanned the rest of the view but found no one else. A runner, perhaps.
May well be, agreed Baer, in which case, we might be able to send warning of Tolmecs pushing into clan land.
The man arrived in front of the cave and stopped. Though he appeared young, he was experienced enough to muster expertly the assembled persons in front of him and identify Baer as leader. Turning toward him, the man boldly announced, I am Laars of the Black Clam Clan in the service of the most honorable Head Shaman of the Council of Shamans. His Honor, Corrigan Lebow, is but a short way behind, coming to visit you. I was sent ahead to make you aware of your great honor.
Corrigan Lebow here? the leaders exclaimed, casting each other looks of utter astonishment. The most powerful man of all the clans, here? What could the Head Shaman want with them? This news flashed through the waiting cave with the force of a lightning bolt. The spiritual head of all the clans coming? Emma was filled instantly with dread and Calla paled. Kor thought he must have misheard.
We would be honored to ... to receive him, Baer stumbled in surprise. There was no precedent for this. A Head Shaman never left his clan, except for Gatherings; all the people had to go to him otherwise.
Ushi sidled up to Chaiko and whispered to him, Now you get to see firsthand what an ass the Head Shaman is.
Pardon me? asked Chaiko aloud in surprise.
I said that you will see what a venerable gentleman the Head Shaman is and how peerless his judgment, said Ushi smoothly in a normal voice too, not missing a beat.
That we shall. Chaiko watched Ushis eyes as the trader tried to figure out if Chaiko had answered the first or second assertion.
The cave was thrown into a frenzy of confusion as hasty preparations were made for such an eminent visitor. So great an honor had not happened before to the Standing-Rock Clan. Tanya ordered the women to straighten and clean the place. Furs and covers were neatly rolled up, all things tidied or put away. Weapons were unceremoniously dumped into the mens laps with, Have you not heard? The Head Shaman is coming! The men looked somewhat surprised at their women and Kray even retorted, Surely he is not coming to look at my spear and throwing sticks! But he too made haste to polish his spears and put them into a neat stack. Some hearths had to be moved to make room for a complement of six as they had been told.
Chaiko quickly retreated to his fire smiling encouragingly at Dawn, who was infected by the urgency of the other women and forgot all her calm and harmony. She dumped Yael on his lap and hurried off to help Tanya with the preparations.
Then, well before the expected arrival of their visitors, the leaders were once again gathered together, Laars with them to make a formal introduction. Such an important personage could not just introduce himself, but must be properly announced.
Laars? Chaiko engaged the runner. My fathers name was Laars too, the son of Tokae; perhaps we are in some way related?
No! said the runner much too curtly, well conscious of his status as a trusted handyman of the Head Shaman, for even he must rank higher, he reasoned, than an unconfirmed shaman of so small a clan.
Chaiko bristled, but held himself in check and continued on. Surely we must have kin ties, for Laars is such an uncommon name nowadays. He persisted, for he noted how it irked the other to be so linked, and Chaiko was determined to provoke the other in order to reveal something of the great mans intent.
No, no! We are not related. The other repulsed even the thought of such a connection.
That is too bad, Chaiko said with some regret. The Standing-Rock Clan is so out of the way. Perhaps His Honor is lost and stumbled onto us by accident? Chaiko kept on fishing.
His Honor makes no such mistake! the runner declared emphatically.
But of course not! Chaiko hurried to correct himself, but perhaps those who serve him are not so infallible?
They make no mistakes either! There was a trace of annoyance in the bite of his words.
Surely not, for that would be unthinkable. I am certain that His Honor would have only the best of men in his service, only the most reliable, like yourself. The shaman looked at the man speculatively. I do not suppose you would know the reason for His Honors visit? No, of course not! What could I be thinking? I am sure His Honor would not confide his plans to just anyone. The other squirmed his protest at this but said nothing.
Baer, who knew his brother only too well, was amused listening to this exchange, but took care to hear the nuances. It was already clear that however unlikely it seemed, the great man was coming to see them specifically and the intent was not entirely friendly. The two brothers exchanged quick looks, perfectly reading each others blank faces. Tusk and Cosh had no idea of Chaikos game, but Cosh did notice that something was surely afoot.
It is such a shame that His Honor did not arrive yesterday, for we would have had plenty of fresh meat to serve him, whereas today we have but smoked, dry meat to offer. Regrettable, I know. I hope that the honorable stomach is not too tender to accept such rough fare? Chaiko asked solicitously.
No! the man almost shouted.
Then I am reassured. I was afraid that His Honor might be subject to the trots, for the water on the way is sometimes stagnant and brackish this time of the year.
No! No such thing! The runner was sputtering with indignation at the affront of having his great master associated with such a commonplace malady as the trots. Even if it were true, out of deference one should not speak of such things.
I am much relieved to hear it, Chaiko hurried to mollify him. But perhaps you could tell us, so that we might rightly prepare, if His Honor intends to stay a short or long time? But then, I guess, you would not be privy to his plans?
There was a short conflict of emotions on the others face, then he spat out, A short time! adding, I would have you know that I am one of his most trusted men-at-hand.
Oh, indeed. Chaikos voice was filled with enlightenment and admiration. But surely not trusted enough to share the great mans counsel?
The other chewed on his lips, but said nothing.
But that is entirely understandable, Chaiko insinuated. A great man like he would not entrust his purpose to an underling. No disrespect intended, my son.
He did to me! Laars the runner burst out.
That is most unlikely, Chaiko drew back to gaze skeptically at the man, but if you say so then I am sure it must be true. But his tone implied the very opposite.
Goaded thus, Laars blurted out his proof. He comes to call you to account for stealing a rare weapon of value from its rightful creator!
But surely you must be mistaken? Chaiko feigned surprise. You must have misunderstood ...
If your name is Chaiko, I tell you, he comes because you stole credit for the weapon invented by Tael the Good. It was an obvious relief for the man to put such a perpetrator in his place. Righteous indignation painted his face. He is coming to kick you out, all of you ... you great heap of cow dung! The relief from this outburst was obvious. He stood up and pointedly walked away.
So indeed!? The two brothers again looked at each other. Tusk started to sputter, but Baer put a restraining arm on him as the big man shook with fury.
Speak carefully, brother, when you speak with him, Chaiko warned. Baer nodded, deceptively calm, his mouth thinner than usual. The Head Shaman of all the clans was coming! Even the hunters organization, the Brothers of the Spear, came a poor second to the power of this man. More than just care was required here; caution was vital.
Cosh looked with undisguised admiration at his shaman; he had unlocked the man so easily, making him reveal more than he had been instructed to.
A stir of expectation ran through the cave as a group of five men emerged from the trees into the open. It was easy even at a distance to identify the Great Man by the deference shown him. He was of goodly stature and even at a distance he displayed a grace of bearing. As he neared, the force of his personality increased.
When the group reached the upper portion of the slope, Laars announced in too loud a voice, Stand ye all, to receive His Honor, the Head Shaman of the Council of Shamans, the pre-eminent shaman of all the clans. You are called upon to pay your respects for the honor of His visit!
The leaders exchanged looks again at this affront. Custom held that a guest be greeted, then invited in by the host, not the other way around. Instead, their role usurped, they were forced to await with gratitude the great honor of the Head Shamans visit.
As he neared, Corrigan Lebow grew more imposing. There was undisputed power in the man, and intelligence flashed in his look that swept all those assembled before the cave. He moved with accomplished poise, but every gesture was at the same time also forbidding. The Great Man paused, looked about, with a pleasant expression painted on his face that did not reach his eyes. Yes, I see a comfortable cave and take great pleasure in being invited in, he said in a melodious voice, then swept into the cave without further ado.
Awkwardly the rest hurried after him. He took Baers place by the fire, smiling up at them disarmingly as they hurriedly arranged themselves in front of him. He clearly awaited their homage. Baer took an unsure step forward, uncertain of the required protocol. I am Baer and am most honored to welcome the great Head Shaman of all the clans, a great son of the Black Clam Clan. Be ye welcome in our midst ...
Yes, yes, the Great Man interrupted, holding up his palm, we stand not on formality here, dismissing Baers welcome speech. I would be pleased to taste whatever food you have to offer.
Bewildered, Baers eyes flew to Tanya, who moved forward to present the shaman with a bark-tray bearing a variety of small portions of meats; smoked, roasted or soaked and pickled. The great man searched through the offerings disinterested, finally taking a piece that with some reluctance he put into his mouth to chew. The rest he waved toward his retinue.
Ido stepped forward with a bowl of fresh water, which he drank hurriedly as if to wash down an unwelcome taste. His demeanor showed that he was used to better. Dawn was the next to step forward with an offering of nuts and a few honey flavored seed cakes. The shamans look swept over her, his eyes sparkling with sudden interest at her obvious exotic look. He reached out a hand and took hold of her arm in the manner of a man testing the quality of a fur. What is your name, child? he asked, his voice smoother than warmed over grease.
Her name is Dawn, Your Honor, said Chaiko stepping ahead to bring himself to the attention of the Great Man. Two pairs of very cold eyes measured each other.
A rare name, surely not clan? the eyebrows raised themselves expressively into question marks.
No Your Eminence, said Chaiko with overplayed deference. Please excuse my having to reply in the negative, Your Honor. And we are honored beyond belief ...
Yes, yes  yes! The man held up his hand to stop any further flood of reverence. And you might be the one who would like to be a shaman? The eyebrows interrogated again.
Excuse me for having to say no to Your Greatness again, Chaiko said smoothly. It is not meant to contradict Your Honor.
No!? You do not want to be a shaman? For the first time the great man appeared to be genuinely taken aback.
Chaiko did not hurry to answer. He saw he had nothing to lose here, that the shaman had decided on his course of action already. Beside him Baer held his breath. Finally, the great man prompted, Well!? Answer!
I am already shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, he said with quiet authority, his eyes boring into the hardness of the other watching him.
The Head Shaman half rose from his seat and yelled at Chaiko for his impudence, By whose authority do you claim that?!
By Bogans, said Chaiko evenly, touching the stone around his neck. I need no other authority.
That name was like ice water thrown on the Head Shaman; his frame shuddered visibly and his face contorted with fury. I am the Head Shaman of the Council of Shamans and I decide who is allowed to be a shaman in clan lands, he thundered. Chaiko remained calm, inwardly amused at how easy it was to unmask the man.
Oh. Is then the Council of no account? Chaiko asked sweetly. They have no consequence? I was not aware of that...
Stop! Corrigan Lebow commanded harshly. Here, I am the Council and wield its power as I see fit!
Oh, now I understand, Your Eminence. Please excuse my ignorance. You are greater than the Council! You are greater than Bogan! Chaiko turned on Laars and said to him, Quick man, hear you not your master? Declare unto the world that His Honor is greater than the Council, greater than Bogan himself! Do it now!
Laars opened his mouth but then quickly closed it. He pulled in his neck and attempted to shrink from the furious gaze of his master.
NO, I have said NO such thing! The shaman stood up. Bogan is the greatest shaman that ever lived. He said it smoothly enough, but at great cost. Unhappily, he is dead. Now I have his authority. He stressed the last word hard. His eyes bored into Chaikos and their eyes locked in a silent, earnest conflict. The Head Shaman sat down. But wait. Today we are tired. We shall consider this matter again tomorrow. There was an unmistakable threat in his voice.
As you wish Your Honor, bowed Chaiko pleasantly, then before that man could pre-empt him, he motioned to Tanya and called to her loudly. Make haste, woman. Conduct His Eminence to the place you have prepared for the honored guest to rest. Let it not be said that the Standing-Rock Clan lacked manners on such an important occasion as this. Tanya stood to comply, and the Great Man had the choice to retire or look foolish. Predictably he chose the former, and he and his retinue drew off to their sleeping places.
Baer was still fuming though he had himself under control. The visitors, by his disregard for protocol, had completely ignored him, giving him no opening to join the fray that his brother so effectively conducted. Chaiko had not bent to the others will, but neither had he denied the mans authority, not overtly at least. Chaiko resisted when he was expected to comply, and pushed when he was expected to retreat. He thus successfully kept their dangerous visitor off balance.
We must be careful, Baer warned, and Chaiko had to smile at the understatement. Baer scanned his brother, wondering. Chaiko was acting out of character, aggressive at times, overly deferential at othersadroitly staying balanced in the game of power and control they found themselves in. Baer looked at the rest of the cave. His people stayed back out of the way, intimidated by the Great Mans presence. They heard some of the words, felt some of the nuances, but otherwise remained unaware of most of what was being played out. What was being played out? Baer had to ask himself.
Brother, this man means to strip us of all our authority and power. But why? We have done nothing to attack him. It makes little sense, Chaiko muttered, then sank into himself while he considered this puzzle. Baer and Tusk watched the process, fascinated as their shaman disappeared behind a mask. Still, the contractions of his brows showed the quick succession of thoughts, one after another. Then, surprising them, he exclaimed, Unless... he is positioning to get what he wants... But of course! He wants Falcon!
The others looked at him blankly.
Well, ask yourself this. What could the great man want with us, insignificant small clan that we are? What do we have to attract such attention? He waited a measure. What is the one thing we have that no one else has?
Falcon! Baer whispered, his breath whistling in realization. Of course!
But Tael took Falcon and declared it as his. So why does the Great Man bother with us? Cosh asked reasonably.
The Head Man is a very smart man, Chaiko answered. He must have seen through Taels claim in an instant, I expect. He probably has already made some accommodation with him and taken care of that end of things. But the shaman knows that we, of the Standing-Rock Clan, have the one true claim on Falcon, and he is here to shake the tree hard enough for the fruit to fall in his lap.
But why? For what purpose? Tusk wanted to know.
Baer answered him, Because of the significance of it. Whoever gets credit for Falcon will receive great prestige and will be remembered forever. The Head Shaman is full of hunger for power, prestige and honors. He wants people to sing praises about him.
Exactly. Chaiko affirmed his brothers thoughts.
For a while all were quiet, digesting this revelation. The problem it presented was, of course, not yet solved, but at least they now knew from where the wind was blowing. That, at least, would tell them how to resist or how to bend if need be.
And what do we do about it? Baer finally broached the question.
We negotiate, Chaiko replied unperturbed.
Negotiate? Baer asked, concerned. That sounded like giving away something of value.
Negotiate, repeated Chaiko again firmly. Give something to get something.
Baer looked at his brother searchingly, but then he remembered all they had been through and all the solutions Chaiko had miraculously come up with. He realized that this problem too was in capable hands. Then you negotiate, Baer ordered, giving him the clans authority to do so.
That I will, brother. And Chaiko smiled broadly, reassuringly, looking forward to the next day, to locking horns again. Though he was excited by this game, he was not so certain of the outcome.
That night he tossed and turned, looking at things from all points of view. This man could hurt him, Baer and the rest. He was used to power, used to wielding it in his interest, used to getting his way. He was not used to resistance. Could Chaiko really stand against him just enough to find some compromise? He turned over again, his thoughts still restless. Dawn reached over, stroked him comfortingly, and whispered in his ears. You are shaman, Master of Falcon. Fire does not touch you; the Tolmecs are still running in fright of you. Fear not, the Head Shaman is but a man. Too much a man; too little a shaman. A shaman should serve his people, not demand service. Come feel my breast and know that you are loved; by me, by your son and by your whole clan. A love he does not know. Sleep my dear, tomorrow is time enough to worry... her voice droned on reassuringly and he soon fell asleep.
The next morning there was a constricted silence in the presence of such distinguished visitors. Chaiko awoke into this tense mood, stretched all the more luxuriously and yawned aloud. He spoke just a little louder than normal. Soon others followed his example and a little more life returned to the morning routine.
From the visitors resting place there was no movement to be seen. Obviously they were habitually late risers.
The leaders came together as usual and the women served them a morning meal. They chewed in silence, much concerned about the coming day. Tusk started grumbling under his breath, until Baer told him either to unburden himself or keep quiet.
First there was Tael and now this ... this toad. Tusk had difficulty finding a suitable epithet for their visitor.
Tael was a small fish by comparison. Our Corrigan Lebow is a big fish attracted by the smell of fame, said Chaiko pleasantly as if describing something enjoyable. He even winked at Dawn who brought them more water.
There were some stirrings at the visitors place as they sat up one by one. The Great Man was last, of course. He yawned pointedly, and blinked into the dim light of the cave. It was interesting how everybody was instantly aware of his rising; such was the power of the man. Tanya hurried over to inquire if anything was needed. She received a series of requests and a few outright demands.
Not far away, Lana could not understand why everybody, including her parents, showed the unpleasant man such deference. She was playing with Yael, taking care of him while Dawn helped Tanya wait on the guests. Lana hummed to Yael, and the boy instantly stopped squirming and listened to the sweetness of the melody. The song filled the cave and others paused in their tasks to listen. The Great Mans attention was also caught and he searched out the source of the sound.
You child, come here! he ordered peremptorily, waving her closer. Lana was going to refuse but Tanya hurried over and the girl reluctantly complied. Dawn took Yael from her.
Sing, the Headman said, his face civil enough, his voice polite enough, but brooking no opposition.
Lana sang. She chose the most uncomfortable song that she knew, about a rabbit that was caught by an eagle, disembowelled and torn to pieces, bit by bit. At times the song screeched out in pain and the visitors cringed and turned themselves inside out to escape these expressions of torment. Shiver after shiver chased up and down their backs.
However, far from taking offence, the Head Shaman was immensely amused by this spectacle. While his retinue squirmed about uncomfortably, he laughed and thoroughly enjoyed their discomfort. His eyes took Lanas measure. Oh, what an addition she would make to his treasures; so young, so vibrant, so deliciously saucy and with such a beautiful voice when she cared to use it. What fun it would be to train her to obey him to serve his pleasure. Her resistance made the prospect all the sweeter. His eyes glowed with greed and his smile turned into an unmistakable leer.
Seeing this, Tanya stepped forward and protested, Your Honor, she is but twelve. The great man blinked, twelve was good, twelve was excellent. He could see from where the girl got her good looks. It surprised him that such a small clan possessed so many pearls: Tanya, Lana, Dawn, Ile and even soft Ela.
A crafty, greedy man, Chaiko appraised the shaman, and he sets no curbs on his appetites. Careful, one day your greed will consume you, and you will devour yourself. Baer looked at his brother to see what he was muttering about, but Chaiko just gave him a toothy smile.
Well done, girl, Corrigan Lebow said lackadaisically, giving lukewarm applause which his retinue hurried to join in. But the great man had already lost interest and was searching for something else. His eyes found the leaders in their private group and he waved them over. Then he sought out Chaiko and both smiled with genuine anticipation, Chaiko because of the excitement of the coming confrontation and the Head Shaman because it had been a long time since anybody had dared to stand against him. He was looking forward to squashing this young upstart, and thought to do so in style. He hoped also that the young man would not cave in too quickly but would provide him some good sport before succumbing.
Baer approached with, I hope your night was pleasant, Your Honor.
Most pleasant, thank you, returned the shaman politely. Some change in tactics was required until he would find the weak point to pounce upon.
It was hoped that Your Honor would entrust us with his concerns, Chaiko interjected, having decided that a change of tactics would serve him as well.
Oh, no hurry, my friends, said the great man as his eyes studied the cave roof. Surely I can call you friends? and he smiled the smile that hid the wolf.
Assuredly, if Your Honor so desires it. If a lion can call a rabbit friend then surely the rabbit is entitled to the friendship of the lion. We are all friends here, Chaiko continued smoothly, and even visitors are entitled to that presumption.
Baer looked from one to the other and wondered what they were talking about.
Then we shall presume, the shaman said, his eyes measuring the young man in front of him. Too bad he had to destroy him; the boy has potential. Aloud he said, Well then as a friend I ask a favor of you.
A favor, Your Greatness? Since when does greatness require favors, when greatness surely commands? Chaiko wanted to push the pace a little.
Then greatness will command that you show me these curved sticks I hear so much about, and the wolf gave the harmless smile again.
Without hesitation Chaiko turned and waved to Crow to bring his Falcon. Reluctantly Crow gave his prized possession to Chaiko, who passed it on to Laars, who laid it in the Head Shamans lap. Corrigan Lebow did not take his eyes off them, enjoying their discomfort, as his hands caressed the smooth piece of wood. The shadow of avarice fleeted over his face. Why I thank you for your great generosity in giving such a present to me, he said with faked gratitude. The eyes looked mockingly at Chaiko.
Involuntarily Crow took a step forward but Chaiko stopped him and said, I fear His Honor is losing his hearing in his old age and misunderstood our gesture. Leaning toward the shaman he raised his voice, No, Your Honor, that belongs to my friend Crow, made and measured for him. Then he raised his voice even more. I hope Your Honor can hear me better and understand me. Your Honor needs only to command and one will be made for you.
Corrigan looked at him with a frown. This was not how he wanted this exchange conducted. There were too many eyes to see and too many ears to listen and remember.
He rose, waving his retinue back. He came up to Chaiko, threw his arm around the younger mans shoulders and talked in familiar tones with him. Chaiko drew back involuntarily, but then immediately relaxed; it was best not to let this man know any of his real reactions.
Corrigan Lebow led him aside out of earshot of the rest, thinking it best to separate him from the support of his clan, and soon the two were again in an earnest conversation. The morning passed slowly as the two men continued their talking, sometimes with quick and hot gestures, at other times cool and distant.
Baer, watching the two all morning was worried that his brother was going to be swallowed whole by this large fish with such a rapacious appetite. But then he remembered how fond of fishing his brother was and took great confidence from this fact.
Back and forth the conversation flowed, apparently endless. At one time Corrigan grew in energy and Chaiko wilted before him, but just a little later everything appeared to be stalemated again. It seemed that Chaiko was playing the man too, sometimes with a little more line, sometimes a little less. Finally the two rose and returned to their respective groups.
Well? Baer asked impatiently, How is it going?
It is going quite well, replied Chaiko, pleased with himself. In fact it is fast going nowhere. We are running around in a circle; he thinks he is chasing me, but in reality, I am chasing him ... that is I hope I am chasing him.
Is he making it difficult for you?
As much as he can. He threatens me, then tries to cajole me, to buy me, to bribe me, then it is back to threatening. He wants to denounce me for stealing Taels invention; he wants to throw me out of the clan, deny me clan lands and take away my office as shaman, but next he is my best friend and cannot do enough for me. So we run around the same path again. He talks much, smooth as water. The more he talks, the more the words gush out of him. But I have the patience of a stone. He smiled at his brother, but there were crows feet about his eyes.
So what can we give him that would satisfy him? Baer asked concerned.
Oh, nothing will satisfy him entirely, Chaiko pointed out, but we will give him just enough so that he can return home and say he is satisfied.
Soon after, the two shamans got down to talking again, and talked and talked. Baer wondered that there were so many words to fill the time between them. But still they talked.
The sun set. The sky darkened. The first evening stars emerged when the two finally appeared again in the cave, their faces fixed into masks. Obviously, a deal had been struck. There was much pounding of backs and mutual smiles.
What did you give him? Baer wanted to know when they were alone again.
Little, as I promised, even less than little, Chaiko said wearily. In other clans, Falcon will be known as Lebow in honor of our great Head Shaman. He will have the rights to distribute Lebow among his Black Clams only. Ushi the Omaani remains our agent trader with the other clans. Chaiko rubbed his head. He got just enough to claim success, but nothing more. On the other hand, we get his patronage. I am a shaman and shall have a seat in Council, but no right of vote for two years. And I still retain the credit for creating Falconhe only gets his name put on it.
How did you manage all that? wondered Baer.
I did the opposite of what he expected. I pulled when he expected that I would push and so on. I would not let him pin me down. In the end I had great help, from the man himself. Eventually he got tired of listening to himself talking. The two brothers shared a smile at that.
I was afraid he would wear you down, Baer confessed a little shamefully.
Maybe I would have, his brother replied, but he presumed a position even above Bogan, and that I could not tolerate. Then I remembered who I was. A River of Stones chose me, but could not best me. Should I let a mere man walk over me? No! Not yet.
Well, you did good work, Baer said, patting his brother affectionately. Dawn hurried over with some food and drink and started to massage Chaikos back. The tension slowly flowed out of his neck and he relaxed then smiled and said, I yearn for softness... Baer, of course, did not understand, but Tanya, knowing the meaning of the allusion, looked from one to another, then at Baer, who looked back at her wondering where the wind was blowing from.

Chapter 16
After the deal had been made, the atmosphere between the cave and the visitors relaxed palpably. The retinue even started mixing with the locals. Of course they were used to this hot and cold maneuvering of their master, expected to adjust to all his whims and moods, but it made for a very vigilant type of behavior. The two younger ones even cast interested glances at Ela, so suddenly she became very popular, for Ushi had also discovered her attractiveness. She bloomed and laughed gaily from all this attention. Her only problem was the Great Man himself and thus she shriveled up every time he looked in her direction, which thankfully he did rarely.
Corrigan Lebow sat with the leaders. He was in some measure even satisfied; he had made as good a deal as that hard-nosed young upstart would let him, getting his name on that wonderful weapon and was thus assured of immortality. It had been like squeezing water from a stone. Still he did not mind, for he enjoyed the contest. It had been his long-standing strategy in life to push and push for what he wanted until he wore any opponent down. Chaiko had proved to be a harder nut to crack than most, that was all. He shrugged his shoulders. In years to come the young man might actually go far, but it would be a problem for his successor and not for him. He looked around at the others, Baer, Tusk and Cosh and calculated their measure. Yet he was at least halfway polite and at times even listened to the others airing their concerns. He promised Chaiko and Baer to promote a counterclaim against Tael, for it was no longer in his interest to maintain that charade.
He listened likewise to news of the incursion of Tolmecs into clan lands, not overly interested as Black Clam territory was deeper in the heartland of the clans, and he did not feel threatened. He promised, however, to send runners to all the clans with warnings, but offered no other assistance.
Ushi kept a close eye on developments since these were significant events being played out right in front of him which could affect his travels directly. He was pleasantly surprised that he had not been squeezed out of the deal and lost rights only to the Black Clam Clan, a much smaller price than he had expected the Standing-Rock Clan would be forced to cede by the overbearing master of the Council. Once again, his respect for the young shaman grew. Of course, rights were of limited use, for the idea was now out there and soon other craftsmen would be making Falcons, or Lebows, whichever name they would be called. But for a little while yet, Chaikos expertise would be in demand. Thus Ushi was fully preoccupied, watching events unfold and following Ela and her interesting curves. It had been some time since the trader had been intimate with a woman and at the sight of Elas charms his loins ached from the pressure of wanting.
Gill, sitting more to the periphery with Rea, was much less comfortable. It displeased him to observe all the attention Ela was inspiring, fearing that this would affect his suit unfavorably. It was not yet clear how much of a setback this would result in, but he wanted to protect his investment in the woman. The trouble with promoting attachments was that one also became a victim of them and got stuck as a fly in honey. Rea, following his looks, guessing his thoughts, said with ill suppressed glee, It seems your flower is attracting many drones to her nectar.
Tanya, Dawn, Ile and Lana sat uneasily in a tight huddle to shield Lana from unwanted attention. Tanya had in fact experienced the invasion of the Tolmecs as easier to deal with than this friendly visit. To her, the behavior of the Head Shaman was so appalling that she could not understand how he could have risen to his position. It did not occur to her that merit often had to make room for sharp elbows. She found the self-indulgent licentiousness of the man downright disgusting. For Dawn, the exploitation of power was easier to understand, for in spite of the fine mores and ethics of her own people, she had seen that power had its privileges and that the Headman was not one to deny himself any.
Nearby, Calla was fuming, beside herself with anger that she and Kor were being so totally ignored. She felt very uneasy about the Great Man, but to be so insulted by him was unthinkable for her ... intolerable. She grumbled constantly to Kor, whittling Lebow down to size in her estimation. For Kor, who preferred to keep his head above water, being ignored was just fine.
The rest of the cave remained subdued and kept out of the way, overawed by the presence of such a great man. Even at a Gathering they would normally be able to catch only a distant glimpse of him. And here he was, certainly bigger than life, eating their food, sitting by their fire. It seemed to them the wonder of wonders. They caught some of the exchange of words but could make no head or tail of them. They could, however, see that in some manner Chaiko had attained a grudging admiration and that he and Baer were treated with some respect. To the watchers on the side, it seemed that such a great man as the Head Shaman was entitled to be above the common herd of man, free of the constraints of good manners.
By the main fire, Chaiko tried a few overtures to find a little guidance in the intricacies of the spirit world, but the Head Shaman dismissed them out of hand. Take my advice, leave the spirit world alone and the spirit world will leave you alone. I knew a man who became quite besotted by dwelling too deep in that muck. Strange advice from the spiritual head of all the clans! Still, when Chaiko, taking a cue from the mans strategy of unyielding persistence, pushed nonetheless, Corrigan Lebow suggested that he consult Shaman Lefay of the Blackfoot Clan.
Laars, too, warmed up somewhat and took a liking to Tusk for his strength and no-nonsense manner. He dared to wrestle with the man, and was quickly swept off his feet and slammed to the ground. He would have a few bruises to take back home with him.
Laars had a few words for Chaiko as well, though he continued to disclaim any relationship. He said that the Black Clam Clan lived as much by fishing as by hunting, for the rivers were full of pink salmon, trout and giant sturgeon. Yes, for them, fish was an important source of food and fishing an honored activity.
By midday the Great Man became tired of so small a clan with its limited diversions and declared his intention to leave that same afternoon. After all, his business here was concluded, while he was not sure what was happening at home. He trusted no one and was concerned about conspiracies hatching in his absence. His words unleashed a fresh flurry of activity as the women set about preparing some provisions for the trip back, with perhaps unseemly enthusiasm for a host, if the truth be known, glad to be rid of such disconcerting guests.
Chaiko presented two Falcons and some talons as tokens of their deal and accepted in turn a small bag of beautiful black pearls for which Black Clam was famous. In confidence, Corrigan Lebow expressed his intention to change the name of his clan to Black Pearl Clan, which he thought more fitting. Baer, who for no good reason always stumbled over the words Black Clam Clan, found this a very sensible alteration.
Then, having come as a whirlwind, the visitors disappeared just as quickly. The master and his minions were gone, leaving behind a growing quiet and the uneasy sensation that something was suddenly missing. Only now did people become aware of how tense they had been from the visit of the Head Shaman and his retinue. Makar was soon inspired to put it into words:
His Honor came, His Honor went
Changing Falcon to Lebow
Brought little but took less
Only greetings to other clans.
I will not miss him much
Let the Great Man scratch each scratch
When he remembers Chaiko.

The poem quickly became popular and Lana flitted from fire to fire singing it.
That same afternoon, once they were sure that the visitors had faded into the distance, Cosh went scouting. While the visitors were there, he was not quite sure where the enemy was, within or without. But now, with their home secure, he wished to look about the land, not wanting to leave the Tolmecs unattended for long.
Baer had told him not to go far. I dont want to be wondering tonight where you are and what you have found. Cosh had understood, then had set a very quick pace to cover as much ground as he could.
Baer and Tusk went hunting to the north with the rest, leaving Gill and Stow on guard. Malek was also left behind and instructed to work on the painting, since the leaders felt, given the surprising events of the last several days, that it would be advisable to increase the spiritual protection over the cave. Malek was soon chipping at the back wall still unsure of how to begin. He was afraid of the first stroke because sometimes a painting was spoiled by the very first line drawn.
Chaiko sat by his fire, staring into the smoke. Over him stood Dawn on guard, so that he would not be disturbed. Yael was quietly snuggling in the crook of her arm as she shushed and rocked him gently. There was such a lot to think about. It had been hard for the clan to restart their normal lives after the recent rush of events. The dancing demons had left their mark on the clan as well as on the Tolmecs, and most certainly the visit of the Head Shaman had impressed them. But neither happening had been reassuring, and Chaiko was thinking of ways to rebuild his clans confidence.
Lana and Ido went to get some broad leaves that grew beside the river in the shade under the trees. They made good serving surfaces to hold peoples meals. The two girls were in a good mood, having seen how Chandar and Crow turned to watch them before they went off scouting. The girls had waved to them gaily and they had waved back.
Ruba and Ork quietly sneaked away before someone could send them for more firewood, grass, leaves or moss for bedding, or to lug never ending skins of water. Safe in the trees, out of reach of grownups, they lolled about on thick moss eating some raspberries they had come across. Ork had been very impressed by the deference paid to His Honor by everyone, including Baer; he now warned his brother, When I grow up I will be the Head Shaman of the Council of Shamans of all the clans. So you better be nice to me now, or I will send you running like Laars from one end of clan land to the other. You will have to do all I ask and command. A dreamy expression filled his face. If I tell you that you have to eat snot, you will just have to do it, you know. I will make you mate with a fat girl, twice as big as Ulla and twice as soft. Ork was laughing, but at this time of his life, any girl would be welcomed by Ruba, whose body had started to yearn for those mysteries that went on between men and women. Still, he looked at his brother and said, Well Id better kick you now while I still can. He jumped after Ork, who was much too agile and watchful to be taken by surprise. They chased around the trees, having a fine, good time.
Since there had been a gentle rain four nights ago that had soaked into the soil, Tanya thought the time was right to pick some mushrooms. She gathered together most of the women and off they went into the forest. They found a profusion of the fungi growing in the soft, moist soil and quickly filled their baskets. Then Tanya and Ile spent some time with Ulla, teaching her the local varieties of edible mushrooms. The girl was still very shy, looking at them with big eyes that always seemed so ready to cry. When they asked her if she understood, she nodded her head yes, but then soon mixed up the diversity. Tanya, usually patient, was becoming quite exasperated with the girl. Ile simplified the teaching by showing her only a few of the good ones that she was most likely to come across and told her on no account to pick any of the rest. Calla, however, came along and mixed in, meaning well but making things worse by warning the girl to be sure not to pick this one or that one as they were highly poisonous. Soon Ulla was confused all over again. Ile, however, persisted and after Tanya sent Calla away on an errand to pick grubs somewhere else, the girl learned to identify a few correctly.
Lana and Ido, finding just the patch they wanted, picked and tied two neat packages of the leaves. As it was a beautiful day and they had plenty of time left, they decided to explore along the river. They found a meadow full of flowers and each picked a handful. Then to wash the sticky plant secretions from their hands they descended to the river. The water was pleasantly cool and clear, cheerfully splashing over rocks and a gravel bed. In a shallow nook between some rocks Lana found a cluster of fish eggs. She carefully collected a handful and the two girls examined their discovery with interest. Lana tasted one gingerly, finding it not to have much taste, just a slight favor of salt and something ... something else she could not identify. Here try one. It is good for you, she urged, offering it to Ido, but her friend did not like the jelly-like consistency of the eggs and could not be persuaded to try any. Lana laughed at her and ate the eggs herself.
Suddenly the light dimmed around them as a cloud obscured the sun. From a nearby tree a burst of birds flew into the air and the girls froze, listening. But there was only the lapping of water to be heard and an occasional fish jumping after some insect in the deeper pools toward the middle of the river. Then the cloud passed and the sun shone again with a gentle warmth.

The scouts were far afield already. They now climbed a hill and had a good look about, but found nothing unusual or unexpected. There, Cosh said, pointing back to the cave hill of which they had a good view. See how, even at this distance, the main path is clearly visible. Chandar and Crow looked puzzled at the importance of the observation. If there are Tolmecs in the land, they would be looking for us. The path there shows them clearly the way to where we live, Cosh patiently explained. Some smaller animals know how to disguise where they live and maybe we should too.
How? Chandar was quick to ask.
By not cutting across grass, not crossing any muddy track, but by using a field of stone to lead us, or at least some hard-packed soil, the lead scout expounded, then cleaned between his teeth with a grass stalk.
Once it was pointed out, Crow, too, could see the obvious. But there had never been a need before to hide. All strangers had been clan, all except Dawn.

Back at the cave Chaiko had sifted through some of his thoughts. He came to no new conclusions but was able to reorganize events through a different perspective. It was always useful to look at things from another viewpoint of, say, the least powerful, like children or the newcomer Ulla. To them, even normal occurrences would appear frightening. In fact, at times, both Tay and Ulla would have the same big-eyed expressions of trepidation on their faces, in the too loud world of mature adults. For the sake of his son Yael, who would soon become aware of a much larger world, it would be good for Chaiko to attend to these things, to see how others saw them.
Next, the shaman went to Sosa who was sitting quietly by his hearth. There was no fire in the ring of stones, for now the clan made fire only when they had to for cooking. At nights they went to sleep early, the night made longer without the comfort of a cheerful blaze casting dancing shadows onto the walls.
Chaiko looked into the boys eyes, but found no spark of interest in them, though the boy did notice him. How do you feel? the shaman asked. The boy blinked but did not answer, as if the question were beyond him. Perhaps he did not feel at all.
Are you hurt? he tried again and got a very terse, No.
Are you hungry? Are you thirsty? Are you cold? All were answered similarly with a short no.
I want to talk to Sosa, Chaiko said, trying a different tack, but the boy merely shook his head. I want to talk to Sosa right now! Chaiko insisted, but again the boy shook his head, and looked confused. Again Chaiko demanded and finally the boy said, Sosa is not here.
Chaiko thought awhile as to how he could reach the boy. Well, then you must take a message to Sosa for me. Tell him we miss him and want him to come back. Tell him we love him and would like to help him come back. Yaya needs him. Tay cries for her brother. Ork is very sad, for he cannot find his friend. The shaman looked very closely at the boy but noted no reaction. The eyes remained empty, in a dream state. Chaiko wondered what was real for the boy? How deep had he gone to hide?
I remember Sosa on a warm summer day running through the grass chasing a rabbit. He would have caught up with him too, if it had not been for Ork who got in his way. The two fell in the soft grass and tumbled head over heels. When we came to help them up, it was hard to see who was who, which leg belonged to whom. Ruba threw some water on them and that quickly sorted things out. He laughed silently but the boy did not smile with him. Chaiko got up heavily, the wooden leg awkward under him. What would it take to reach the boy? he wondered.
Unconsciously he walked to the back of the cave where Malek was working. The painter was making stroke after stroke of graceful sweeping lines with a brush dipped into a dark paste. When he saw the shaman looking, he stood back from his work and explained, I started with the backs of the bison, as all things grow out of the backbone and connect there. Here you see the whole herd running in a close press, all lined up, driven by the madness of the stampede ... He added an extra thickness of a curve over the hump, sweeping down, then up at the rear. Chaiko squinted his eyes and could see, in the repeated shapes, the motion of the herd captured so simply with such stunning economy of expression. He looked and recognized the herd rushing, the boys running, Sosa falling and the heroic rescue. The shaman knew that somewhere in that rush Sosa got lost. Could he, the shaman, go after him? But how? Would they need to go back? He nodded absently at the painter, said the picture was amazing, which it truly was, then returned to his cold fire in a daze. He stubbed his toe on a boundary rock and swore at the flash of pain, but thought he had better find himself first before he got lost. He sat and rubbed his toe gingerly. He could see the advantage of having two wooden legs.
The women returned shortly with baskets full of mushrooms. They sat down in a large circle and sorted through the pile they had collected. The large intact pieces were to be strung and hung to dry at the back of the cave for winter use. The smallest of pieces were to be roasted with some meat drippings on a flat rock. The medium pieces would be dried in the sun then bagged to be used when needed. The women were in a good mood, joking and laughing, released from the constraints of the last two days because of such a difficult personage to please.
It was leaning to late afternoon when the hunters returned with a large antelope, four talons protruding from its side. So the men had had a good target practice it seemed, but Tanya was not pleased with the extra holes in the skin. However, you could never tell a hunter that. Let the hunters work around those holes they are so fond of making. Let them figure out how to cut the skin and for what purpose. They would then refrain from putting so many holes in it for sure, Tanya thought to herself. The hunters reported that, to the north, things looked the same, the grass ripening and small herds of bison grazing along the water courses. Their numbers were small but at least they were there, not like the year before.
The women set to butchering the meat, no smoking needed as it was just enough for about two meals. Yaya took the skin in her possession, as this time the accounting of the shares, first-spear, second-spear and so on, fell to her mate Kray. It did not matter that no spears were involved; the accounting went by spear-shares still.
A little later, Tanya took Dawn by her arm and the two went to look at their garden. Some of the grass had started to grow back but in between were fine hair-like growths of tender green. Look, this is rye, Dawn pointed out, I remember planting it first.
What is this? Tanya asked, indicating another clump of fresh growth.
I dont know anymore, confessed Dawn. I guess I was a little too excited at the time.
Next time we had better make some record of it on a skin, Tanya the organizer suggested. What was planted here? She pointed to a bare spot, but Dawn could only shake her head. Rice perhaps.
The two women then plucked the obvious grasses away from the new growth, working silently on their knees over their little patch of land. Dawn thought it was good to gain some control over their world. They were caring for these plants like children and expecting to be rewarded as parents. She smiled; there was much harmony in that thought.
They both felt good, warmed through by the idea of doing such a novel thing as making a garden. Tanya frowned down at her hands; the skin felt rough from working in the earth and her fingernails were full of dirt.
The sun was settling down on the horizon in a burst of color as if searching out its nest. The light was fading to grey and only a small fire was burning under the roasting meat. Baer was striding up and down agitated. Where is Cosh? I told him not to stay out late, he grumbled.
Tanya came to him and said somewhat tentatively, Lana and Ido are not back either. And Ruba and Ork are missing too. The frown on Baers face deepened and he resumed his striding back and forth.
A little later the boys tried to sneak back in, thinking in the darkness to be safe from chores. But their mother Nebu, usually not the worrying sort, remonstrated loudly with them for causing such a concern. Then their father Malek called them to account for themselves, which of course they botched, trying to find worthwhile reasons for their absence, but succeeding only in making their malfeasance all the worse. It did not help their cause any that the cave started to worry about the growing absence of the girls. In fact, the boys provided an unwitting outlet for the backlog of these anxieties. Did you see the girls? Nebu demanded of the boys. Now, fully contrite, Ruba and Ork shook their heads no.
From then on, time seemed to crawl in the face of such dire worries, and with each heartbeat their apprehension increased. There was a soft whistle from the guard who noted a solitary figure laboring up the slope in the half light. Crow! Stow, on guard, hurried to inform the rest in a hushed tone.
Crow staggered into the cave, winded from his pace. It seemed to be his lot to have to hurry with bad news. The girls ... he forced through gaps in his breath, were ... taken ...
What!? The girls? How? By whom? Where? The questions descended on Crow from all directions. Crow was forced to bend over, hands braced on his knees, talking between ragged gulps of air. By the ... Tolmecs ... six of them ... by the river ... then taken ... west.
Baer loomed over the young man, grabbed him with both hands trying to shake some information from him or some breath into him. What are you saying? he demanded.
Six Tolmecs took the girls ... and led them off west. Crow started to cry. Cosh and Chandar are still tracking them, but the light was fading and the Tolmecs were far ahead... They sent me back to warn you... and to ask what they should do.
Baers heart was pumping furiously. He wanted to grab his spear and rush out to rescue his daughter, but with difficulty restrained himself. Tanya was looking at him with a shocked expression that begged to be told this was all a mistake. Baer wished with his whole being that he could. Beside her, Ile was pale and trembling. Dawn went to comfort them, but her gesture only confirmed their worst fears and they started crying, Tanya quietly, Ile loudly.
Baer shook himself. Malek, Stow, Kray, Makar and Crow, get ready. You will come with me to find Cosh. Get your weapons and be ready to move. He turned toward the trader. Ushi, I cannot command you, but I need your knowledge of their tongue. Ushi nodded yes, he would go along. Chaiko, you have Kor, Rae and Gill to guard the cave. That will be up to you while we are gone. Tanya... his voice hardened to force himself to speak clearly, pull yourself together and pack some food for us and Cosh, and ... he had to stop at the wave of emotion that surged through him.
He turned to Crow, who had in the meantime caught his breath, and said tersely, Report.
We were on the other side of the river heading southwest when we came across a path in the grass. Cosh thought it looked a little too broad to be elk, who move in single file, so we backtracked to where we saw some prints in a patch of soft soil. We counted six prints, human prints, mens by the size of them, which we then followed. At that time they were heading north but then swung sharply toward the river. Cosh thinks they may have seen cave hill, because, from then on, they took pains to keep under cover out of sight. They crossed the river at a spot where the river loops back on itself and is hidden from view of the cave. They went downstream in the shadows of the trees lining the bank, probably thinking of passing cave hill then coming back to it on its blind side. Then they must have come upon the girls picking flowers ... his voice slowed and became husky as he struggled with his emotions. Baer was about to snap at him but somehow held himself back.
The Tolmecs must have surprised them. They tried to run away but they caught up with them. They must have carried them on their shoulders across the river and beyond, for we saw no prints until that bare sandy ridge on the other side of the river. From there on they were forced to walk by their captors. He took a deep breath to relieve the pressure in his chest. It was getting dim and hard to see, but we still followed. Cosh has eyes like an owl and the nose of a wolf. He led us where I could see no signs. Then I think Lana left petals of white flowers for us to follow, the white almost glowing in the dark so we could press on. They seemed to be heading for the river to the west. But then the petals stopped and even Cosh could not follow the tracks any more. That is why he sent me back, because of my young legs, he said, to bring back help. He was going to push on to where he thought they would likely go. He said to look for him farther to the west and that he would leave signs for us to follow. That is when we parted. From there I ran and ran. He stopped, emptied of words, and looked at his leaders frowning face.
You have done well, was all Baer said, turning to Tanya who gave him his weapon, a short wrap and a carryall full of provisions. He looked around quickly, then waved the rest to follow. He strode into the darkness, others following silently, all of them angry and vengeful. This time spears and talons would do the talking. The darkness closed behind them and their sounds quickly faded into the night.
The women drew together protectively about Tanya and Ile, gentle hands consoling them. Ile started crying quietly, but Tanyas face remained harsh. She wished she were a man, out on the land to rescue her daughter and exact a terrible revenge. Then all her thoughts turned to Baer, Be fast, be strong, be resolute, be in time ... Time for what, she dared not think, but shuddered. Dawn tightened her arms around her friend. But then Yael cried and she had to hurry to him.
Chaiko assigned Rea to guard and sent Kor and Gill to sleep if they could. He himself went to his fire again, stared into the flames and started to negotiate with the spirit world for their help.

Chapter 17
Lana and Ido were being prodded on by their captors with rough shoves and harsh threatening sounds. They often stumbled in the dim light. The moon had not yet risen and the sky was darkened by a building layer of clouds that obscured any starlight. There were three Tolmecs in front and three behind the girls, whose hands were tied behind their backs in a tight uncomfortable cinch. When they tripped in the darkness and fell, they could not help themselves up. Rough hands would grab them, jerk them to their feet and fling them forward. When they slowed from fatigue, they would be jabbed with the butt end of a spear or even struck. All these encouragements were accompanied by a torrent of crude words that, of course, neither girl could understand. At times, instead of hitting, they would pinch some tender flesh and laugh as the girls squealed in surprise and scooted ahead. There was no mistaking the meaning of their leering laughter and the coarse flow of their words.
Both girls were badly frightened. These were brutal men, strangers to all they knew, and every step increased the distance from safety, cutting them off from the security and comfort of their cave. Every step took them deeper into the terror of the night and the unknown fate that awaited them at the hands of these evil men.
Even Lana, usually so spirited and unafraid, was scared. The earlier anger that had sustained her initially had evaporated, and she was now growing desperate at the thought of being so cruelly abducted from her home. She had felt hope as long as the flowers lasted and she had been able to mark a trail with the petals, but then her captors noticed and after an angry tirade they tied both girls securely. One then backtracked a bit and picked up some of the petals and dropped them in another direction. Even to her inexperienced eyes she noticed the care they took to choose their way and to confuse and misdirect any pursuit. She couldnt see how even Cosh would be able to track them. Her hopes faded and she was growing more tired with every step.
Ido was terrorised, but fatigue was displacing her fears so that she began to care less and less about her fate. She stumbled and fell, was ripped to her feet, but she knew that the next time she just could not get up to continue. Let them do with her what they wanted, she would just close her eyes and go to sleep. Next morning she would wake from this nightmare.
It was not long after this that Ido fell again and was yanked erect but she simply collapsed when they threw her forward. There were angry noises at this from the men, and one prodded her viciously with his foot, but she did not react. Get up, Ido! Get up! Lana pleaded with her friend, afraid that they would simply kill her and cast her by the wayside. But the girl did not move. There followed a short discussion of sorts and finally one of them bent down, picked up the young girl easily and placed her on his shoulders. He patted her narrow rump with an obvious ribald gesture accompanied by some suggestive sounds. At this, they all laughed, a grating laughter devoid of pleasure, just full of leering malice.
Lana cringed at the sound of them relishing what they would do to the two helpless girls. Oh, it had been so foolish to go off on their own, without any concern for their own safety. Her mother had told her to be careful, but though she had nodded, she had not given the matter a second thought.
And why should she? It had been such a beautiful day, bright and sunny, with just a few clouds in the sky, lovely sounds of birds singing among the trees and the comforting sounds of water flowing cheerily by. Then suddenly, out of the shadows six painted demons had jumped at them and cut off their escape. The girls had run of course, screaming in their terror, but the Tolmecs had played with them, at each turn blocking their way. Finally, one of them had lunged at Lana, grabbed her with his big hands and brought her to the ground like some lion an unfortunate gazelle. The weight of the man nearly crushed her but he was in no hurry to get off, enjoying the feel of her under him, grinding his body harshly into her bony leanness. He laughed while she screamed and tried to scratch his face and gouge out his eyes. He pinned her hand down easily with one of his while the other sought out places that had never been touched. She whimpered with shame and pain, but even in the heat of all this, her mind wondered how the pleasure Crow evoked coming so near to those same places, could hurt so much when this lout put his foul hands there. She tried to bite him but he only laughed at her helplessness. Then the big one, obviously their leader, barked out some coarse commands and reluctantly her tormentor let her get to her feet. Another bark and the girls were packed onto shoulders and carried forcibly away. Lana tried to scream as loudly as she could, but her captor hit her with his fist full on her face. After that she was quiet, her nose dripping blood.
That had been earlier in the day, when light still gave the girls some hope of being rescued, but with darkness their hopes faded. Neither could believe that this was really happening to them; the comfort of their little world was suddenly snatched away and all the rules that they had learned counted for nought in the uncertainty that faced them.
In the middle of the night the men finally paused; one went ahead to explore the way, while another went back to confuse the trail, or so Lana guessed. The one who carried the motionless Ido did not even bother to set down such a light weight from his shoulders. His hands caressed her most tender places as he talked softly of what he would do to her. Fear rose in Lana, but she choked the panic down. A spark of reason flickered in the blackness of her terror. What would Baer do? she asked herself. That was simple, he would surely kill these louts with his bare hands. Unfortunately she could not do that. What then would Crow do? That was again simple, he would hurry and throw himself into the fray, but would probably get himself killed in trying to rescue her. That was no good either. What would Chandar do? That she did not know; for the first time she could not script what the good-looking Chandar would do. Well then, what would Chaiko do? Think, of course, but of what? Well, firstly, he would not think with his fears. Then he would somehow use the strength of the enemy against itself. Good, but how? She thought, pretending to be the shaman, as the ideas presented themselves. She sorted and thought, she selected and discarded. It was wonderful how sharp and clear the mind became once she banished the fear. Thank you, Chaiko. You are, as always, an inspiration.
When the procession resumed, Lana lagged and lapsed slower, and had to be encouraged more than once, but she suffered the abuse silently. Why should she help them any? The more she could slow them down the better. Then when she fell, she did not get up and had to be carried in her turn. She bit her lips to stop from crying out as the rough hand explored her small breast and probed her loins. She tried to give no indication that she felt the shame of it. She became a dead weight, useless, harmless.
It was hard to remain quiet, relaxed, slung across a shoulder, being jostled this way and that. The shoulder was digging into the pit of her stomach and at times she found it difficult to breathe. Blood rushed into her head and gave her the most uncomfortable feeling that her head was too full and swelling. Hardest, perhaps, was having to trust the man who carried her, that he would not drop her, that he would not fall himself and hurt her. To ease her fears and to make the slowness of time pass, she sang silently to herself. Thus she was able to keep herself slack, useless and harmless.
The group came to a difficult terrain; they had to cross a rocky cut in the ground over slippery stones. The sound of a chattering brook ahead came to them. The men had a short exchange, presumably discussing which way to go. One then went ahead to the right, one to the left, looking for an easier way across the ravine. The men discarded the girls like logs, throwing them onto the ground. The breath went out of Lana, but she fought hard not to give an indication that she was awake. She concentrated on being motionless, useless, unresisting. Then while the men turned their attention to either side calling loudly to each other, Lana slowly, oh so slowly, tucked her legs under her and leveraged herself onto her knees, awkwardly because her arms were still tied behind and unable to help. Then slowly and quietly like a shadow she slunk off the way they had come. At least that way she knew what awaited her. Then she was two steps, three steps, then unbelievably a handful of steps away. Her heart was hammering in her chest and she had difficulty taking a breath against the tension that constricted her. As she took another step, a twig snapped under her foot; she froze, but there was no cry of alarm. She took a gulp of air again and dared another step, then another.
She heard some shouting off to the left, but it did not have a ring of alarm to it so she guessed that they had found a way across the gully. All the same, that meant she had but a short time left before they would discover her gone. The shouts at least were a comfortable distance away. She hurried her steps, stumbled but thankfully recovered, hardly making any noise. She moved on more cautiously. The moon peeked briefly through a hole in the cloud cover, its wan light washing over the landscape. Lana saw the path they had come and quickly decided to veer off to the left where there seemed to be few obstacles to her flight. She reasoned that most likely any search for her would first check the way they had come. She pushed into the grass, concentrating on slipping between the stalks rather than bending them down heavily, drawing a line to her that they could easily follow.
Suddenly there were fresh sounds from behind, still at a reassuring distance, letting her know that her escape had been discovered. She took three large hurried steps then stopped. Motion calls attention to itself, as well as telltale sounds that any hunter can follow, she recalled her father telling her. Lowering herself, she gently pushed under a bush and wedged herself between it and a rock. Snakes loved nooks like these, Lana thought shuddering, for she hated snakes. She remained motionless and very quiet, breathing lightly so she could listen better.
Soon Lana heard heavy footfalls racing along the path they had come, then quiet, and a little later another more cautious, hesitant, pausing often, and obviously listening. She concentrated on being a feather, light and noiseless. As the rustling sounds passed nearby, Lana thought she could smell his sour odour. Then once more it passed going the other way.
Not far off there was a lengthy conference, which she could not understand, but she guessed that they were discussing what to do about her. They were six, but in hostile territory, not really knowing who or what they faced. Maybe they were also afraid of the demons that had chased the first group of Tolmecs from the land. Anyway, they had lost their booty, such as it was, a mere slip of a girl. Leave her, she would say in their stead, she was not worth the risk. She was tough and bony anyway, hardly any meat on her, and certainly no sweetness.
The voices seemed to come to some conclusion, drew off, and came to her from farther and farther away, still calling for someone to their left. Lana remained quiet, listening. She cursed the crickets and their infernal noises. In the quiet of the night they could be so deafening. Lana worked her hands, flexing and relaxing her wrist, trying to loosen her bonds. But the binding was of good quality and they certainly knew how to tie up a girl. Silly, she remonstrated with herself, of course they know how to secure anything, not just a little girl like you. She would have to watch that distortion, where she reflected everything back onto herself. Chaiko had been warning her for years. Her wrists hurt from her attempts to free them and she had to stop.
In the darkness of the night Lana waited. Her senses spanned, tasting the darkness and the quiet. She shifted her position carefully but waited. Her mind was telling her to move, to run, to escape but she held onto the thought, Have the patience of a stone. So she waited.
The sky started lightening to the east, but a heavy mist hung in the air. She could tell that the sun had risen from the sound of the birds twittering. A milky whiteness shrouded the distance but she could see well enough as far as she could throw a stone. Having heard nothing for a long time, Lana judged the Tolmecs by now to be far away. She wished she could have helped Ido, and in her soul she cried for her friend. But now, she must save herself and get help. She crawled painfully from beneath the bush and half straightened. Her muscles screamed their protest, cramped from her hiding so long motionless. She straightened with difficulty. Still she was apprehensive about coming into the open and felt naked thus exposed. She was also very thirsty. Dropping to her knees, she took some grass into her mouth and drew her lips along the length of the blade collecting the dew. It was not very much but it did wet her lips and mouth enough to give her throat some relief from the dryness. She then struggled to her feet, walked to the path and along it. Again and again she turned back to look, feeling eyes on her, but found nothing there but shadows.
She crossed a gravely patch and remembered the rocks rolling under her feet, so was reassured that she had not missed her way. All she would need to do now was to head east into the rising light; she would have to hit the river then.
With every step her apprehension eased. Lana was thinking what she would say to her father, and what she remembered of the Tolmecs and their ways. Cosh would want to know. Ile would want to know what happened to Ido! That thought stopped her in mid-step and she felt guilty at having abandoned her friend to enemies. The conflict in her heart was excruciatingly painful; she felt torn in two. That was how Crow must have felt when he had to leave Chaiko behind to face the flames, she thought. Poor, poor Crow. Dear Crow. But Chaiko had survived. Surely, Ido will be all right, too.
There was a stand of trees across the path and she hurried toward it. She was hoping that on the other side she would be able to recognize maybe a far hill, but most likely not, for they had walked half a day and most of a night. She hurried into the trees, ducked under a branch that extended across, straightened and froze, her heart suddenly falling into the cavity of her stomach. There in front of her, standing tall, loomed a Tolmec, a hideous grin distorted by the facial paint. She uttered a piercing cry of dismay, turned to flee but ran full into another one who had snuck up behind her. She saw a fist come toward her, felt an explosion of pain, darkness, then nothing.
When she came to, she was being jostled, slung across a shoulder. In front of them was the river and they were descending to its banks. She struggled feebly; once on the other side she would be in strange lands. Her wrap had slid aside revealing her nakedness, but she was much too overcome with other worries to be ashamed. She tried to kick him but he held her helpless, tight, his face grinning at her, in some way looking proud of her for attempting to escape.
He carried her into the shockingly cold water, and soon they were deep, up to their necks. She was sputtering, but he held her tight, close to him. Let me go, she shouted at him, Let me down! He just laughed at her. She butted him with her head, clamped her teeth into him and bit. He nearly let go of her in the surprise of his pain but somehow managed to pluck her from the currents. On the other side he dropped her on the far shore, rubbing his nose ruefully. There were deep bite marks there, but he was lucky he had not lost his nose. A few bite marks would only increase the ferocity of his face, he thought, and his face shone with pride at the spirit of his captive. A lot better than that other doe, scared and so listless. His fellow tribesmen called to him and waved; he nodded, picked her up and carried her into the hills.
******
After Crow had left them, Cosh and Chandar followed the path that was becoming harder and harder to see. With darkness their task seemed impossible, but it was a great advantage for Cosh to know the lay of the land so intimately. He calculated the Tolmecs most probable route and then went exactly to where he thought he could confirm his guess. A muddy path revealed recent use though there were some half-hearted attempts to cover the tracks.
Unfortunately the Tolmecs had a good head start and even Cosh despaired of catching up with them in time before they crossed into their territory. What then? Ido, Ido, his heart cried out, but then he pushed the thought away. She was just another girl, any girl. It was best, even necessary, to keep his thoughts straight and not be distracted by personal pain, or be tempted to take foolish risks because his emotions took over. No, no. This was just another problem, no different from all the rest. Concentrate! he commanded himself, that way you can be of the most use to her.

Then they lost all trace and could not find the tracks again. Cosh ranged back and forth but in the darkness could not pick up the trail. Against all his instincts compelling him on, he sat down to wait for light.
At the first hint of light he backtracked and discovered the trail again. It was obvious, one had gone aside to lay a false trail while the others used a much more difficult path that they had then carefully concealed. Several times again they had tried to misdirect him but in the light they could not.
Cosh was bothered by the craftiness of these men. The more he thought about it the more uneasy he became. They were too good at this game, and Cosh had to wonder if they were luring him into some trap. Six Tolmecs so close to the cave. Just to capture two young girls? If they wished to attack the cave, then why warn the clan of their proximity? It made no sense. No sense at all. Quickly, he broke a branch and left it hanging, clear and visible for the others to follow.
He came to a profusion of prints, then found a spot where they crossed a narrow gully and he was able to make more sense out of their comings and goings. Unmistakably, Lana had run away, but was recaptured. He punched his open palm in anger. If he could have been faster, maybe they could have rescued her. He tracked the raiders to the river but did not cross.
******
Chaiko did not like being so alone. With most of the men away, he felt that the cave was very vulnerable. He cautioned the watch, Gill, that earlier that day, six Tolmecs had come very close to the cave, right up to that riverbank where they snatched Lana and Ido. And the watch had seen nothing. A sobering thought.
He settled down by his cold fire and conjured for himself various visions of what to do if the Tolmecs were to come at this very moment. It seemed to him that no matter what he would do, the cave would be overwhelmed. It was too open to attack, especially if the numbers were not in their favor. He did not know how long the men would be away, but however long, until their return he was responsible for the cave. Well, not really for the cave, but for the people who were left behind in it. He wondered how the rescue party was doing, how Lana and Ido were faring, but all that was out of his hands; from the cave he could effect nothing for them. Or could he? But how? He fingered Bogans tell mark around his neck, wondering what the great shaman would do in the present circumstance. Sayings were not enough, pearls of wisdom were not enough, some action was clearly required.
Next to the tell mark was the bone flute belonging to the Tolmec stranger, Yellow Flint. Why was this implement so important to him? Experimentally he blew into it, trying to link up with the previous owner, maybe to find some insight of how he thought or felt. It would be good to know the enemy they faced. Chaiko varied the fingering, eliciting pure notes, just as Lana would sing them. He must have enjoyed the sound, and understood and appreciated the quality of toneso music had to be something that both peoples shared. But the flute was a cultured instrument, not aggressive like a horn, not demanding like a drum. Who was this Yellow Flint and what was he searching for in the land of the Standing-Rock Clan? Chaiko was obsessed by this puzzle  with some difficulty he shrugged it off; he had more important things to consider now, the security of the cave.
He called to Dawn to bring some coals from the main fire that was burning so sparsely, deep in the cave. Puzzled by his request, she brought the glowing end of a branch, then at his instruction made a small fire for him. Chaiko cast a few kuma-seeds into the flames, watched them sparkle then added some sweet-grass. He put his head close and fanned the rising smoke into his face. His eyes he kept rigidly on the flames within the flames, among the orange and blue tongues. His eyes started to water but he persisted, looking for some spirit gate to open. He found none; but suddenly in the stinging bitterness of the smoke and in the distortion of his tears, he was transported across the plain into a meadow with a bison grazing nearby. An old bull seemed to sense his presence and looked his way. Then, as the shaggy beast turned his head, an ugly red gash from throat to cheek was visible. Chaiko drew in a sharp breath. He had seen this bison once before; had it not warned him of something then? Was this perhaps the same bison that had come floundering out of the smoke and fire a year ago, to let him know to stay in the River of Destiny and let it carry him to safety? He could not be sure. Abruptly, smoke filled his lungs and he choked on its harshness. The vision disappeared, or was it a vision? He shook his head from side to side. Still the foreboding remained; like that time when he heard the earth groaning far, far away, days before an earthquake laid waste the land and nearly destroyed their old cave. Could he trust this feeling of dread that was growing in his bones? He had trusted it then and to good effect, then why not now? Of course at that time he was but a worthless cripple with nothing to lose; today he was a shaman with the burden of a reputation to protect. Think not of yourself, but of the clan!
He thought again of the spirit world and wanted somehow to connect to it. What had the painter said? There was something inside us that recognizes it. Inside us all? If spirits spoke, they spoke with different tongues, and one had to be careful to hear them, he reasoned. He cleared his mind of doubt and listened. Out of a stillness he found himself recalling a sleight-of-hand guessing game he had learned at a Gathering. It required a small stone and someone willing enough to guess which hand contained it. The hand was moved rapidly back and forth, hiding in a blur of motion. The stone was shown repeatedly in one hand, then deftly thrown into the fold of a wrap, but an identical stone had already been neatly palmed in the other hand. When the hands were presented people always chose the empty hand. Of course, the one who chose was not aware that there were two stones in play. Chaiko was irritated by this intrusion and could not think of why this memory had surfaced now. Was it some sort of spirit talk? He replayed the game over and over again, attending particularly to the misdirection required to set up the trick. Suddenly the point struck him like a lightning bolt. But of course!
More abruptly than he intended, he called to Dawn to bring Tanya over. The two women came and knelt in front of their shaman and watched with surprise the strangeness that was reflected in his red-rimmed eyes. There is some danger ... coming. I do not know from where or how but ... we must prepare. I would have your thoughts as to what we could or should do.
The two women looked at each other in surprise, then looked back at their shaman. It was not the habit of men to ask their women for advice, especially in things they considered important. Well one reason why they did not, thought Tanya ruefully, was because women often had little advice to give in man-things. Lana, Lana, her heart cried, where are you?
******
It was nearly midday by the time Baers group caught up with the scouts. They were alone and Baers heart sank at the sight of them. Obviously they had been too late to stop the abduction. Cosh drew Baer and Tusk aside and spoke gravely with them.
The girls were taken across the river sometime late the night before or early the next day, he began dispassionately. Baer opened his mouth to speak, but Cosh held up his hand. At about the same time north of here, and he pointed, a large group of Tolmecs crossed early yesterday and headed first north then east. Again the statement was deadly flat.
Baer swallowed, his throat suddenly very dry. How many? he asked.
Nearly twice four hands, came back, again flat and expressionless as Cosh struggled for control. The question was expected; the answer was ready. Baer looked his friend and age-mate straight in the eyes. The blank stare that Cosh returned frightened him.
What do you think? he asked but was not sure he really wanted to know.
Do you remember when we were young hunters and we wanted to make a reputation, we decided to go after a large cave bear in the hills?
Yes, a large bear. Just you and me, Baer said, wondering what that had to do with the present.
Remember how we killed the bear? Cosh was watching him intently.
Sure, I stood in sight of the bear and called to him. When he charged I ran and he chased after me, past the rocks behind which you stood. He never saw you as you thrust your spear into his neck from the back and then I stabbed him in his broad chest. After that people started calling me Baer ... His voice trailed off and a deep furrow lined his face. He looked north then back east.
Tusk did not understand. What is it? he demanded.
Baers face turned white, his voice husky. We were lured here to leave the cave unattended. The three leaders looked from one to the other, and in the countenance of each, saw his own ashen horror. Forty Tolmecs at the cave!
Tusk jumped up. Lets go, we must get back to the cave now!
Yes, we must. But I fear we shall be too late, said Cosh in a dull tone. To have lost both his daughter and wife in a single day!
Yes, we shall go, said Baer, pushing all thoughts aside to decide what to do next. He sat down.
Tusk looked at him uncomprehending. Lets go then! he yelled and motioned to them urgently.
Baer said, Quiet! in a very dangerous tone. I must think! We rushed this way without thinking; I will not rush back without thinking! Cosh lowered himself, a very tired man, drowning in sorrow. Tusk dropped to the ground as if hit, but he had to admit they had done too much rushing about already.
If they have crossed the river, the few of us cannot take on the entire Tolmec tribe. There is no way we can force them with our small numbers. His face was lined in stark concentration and suddenly looked very old. He was trying not to think of his daughter, not to think of his wife. Two, maybe three of us, can perhaps sneak in after dark, and maybe steal the girls back. I would want to go, but I must see to the ones we left in the cave. His mouth pulled into a tight line, forced to make decisions no man should ever have to make. He looked at Cosh and said sorrowfully, I need you with me. Equally sorrowfully, Cosh nodded his head, then kept his head lowered as sob after sob racked him. Baers face distorted horribly and his teeth clenched and ground against each other in impotent fury. The rest were slowly putting things together, weighed down by a frozen silence of dread.
I am going, said Crow simply; it was unnecessary to add which way he was going, to the Tolmecs, of course!
I am going, too, added Chandar, his jaw set.
Me too, said a smaller voice, and everybody turned with surprise toward Makar, pale and for once, deadly serious.
Baer looked from one to the other, at their earnest faces and marked the determination in their eyes. Three such young men? Was it wise? What was wise when all of them had acted like fools, so easily directed and led about by the nose by cunning enemies? But it was the right of youth to set challenges and meet them. It was their time to make a reputation, just like he had, hunting the cave bear. Baer nodded, You three go then, but he dared not add  and bring home my daughter. Baer then stood, looked at Tusk and said, Now I am ready to go. Let us hurry then. With that the group strode off with Cosh leading them.
A little undecided, the three young men stood there suddenly by themselves. Each looked at the other wondering. Crow and Chandar were there because of Lana, both knew that of course, but who was Makar there for? For Ido, quiet little Ido?
Chandar, the eldest, said calmly in the sudden emptiness about them far, far from the cave, We have to wait until dark, then cross the river, then follow a trail into the hills. Cosh thinks the main camp could not be too far away. He paused painfully before reluctantly confessing that he could not swim.
Makar said that should not be a problem; they could find enough branches to tie together to cling to and help them float upon the water. Crow, who had listened often enough to Chaiko to have learned a few things about solving problems, took off his wrap and showed the others how they could fill the skin with air to help them to float across.
The three of them set off, carefully keeping under cover to get as close to the river as possible without being seen from a high vantage on the other side. From their hiding place behind a screen of bushes, they watched the river, the far shore and scanned the surrounding hills. There was no question that the Tolmecs had a guard post somewhere in those hills. The three waited for the day to pass. To everyones surprise Makar actually fell asleep. Not the other two. Crow thought of the cave and swallowed the tormented uncertainty about his mother and all the people, all their friends. He had enough facing him right here. A river to cross, hills to mislead him, and enemies hiding everywhere. Someplace there was a camp and two girls were waiting for rescue. No, he really did not need more worries just now. A step at a time, he heard Chaikos voice resonate in his head. Good, but how large a step?

Chapter 18
Hidden by the thick foliage of the bush in front of him, Cosh peered with undivided intensity at cave hill. Nothing, he said, turning to Baer and the others hiding in the thicket out of sight of the cave. There is no movement, no smoke, no indication of anything, he summed up.
Baer chewed his lips and asked unnecessarily, Are you sure? The scout just nodded. Baer looked at the foreground, at the open grassland that they had to cross. If anybody were looking from above, he would not miss them. They had managed to stay under cover, but now they would have to traverse this open space and then up the cave hill. They seemed to have but two choices: go now in risky daylight or wait until darkness fell.
Baer looked at the sky; there was still half a day till sunset, too long to wait, tortured by their worst fears. We go now, all of us. But we cross here one at a time. Holding their breath, the others nodded. Baer looked at Cosh and said simply, Wait for us on the other side, meaning the clump of trees at the bottom of cave hill. Cosh nodded, turned, then moving in a quick-flowing half-crouch, emerged into the open. He was soon across. Baer tapped Stow gently on the shoulders and he moved out, Kray next and then Tusk. Finally Baer scurried like a small animal. He reached the other side aware suddenly that he had been holding his breath, and now his lungs were begging for air. He sucked his chest full, again and again. He looked at Cosh questioningly, but the scout shrugged his shoulders; there was no way of telling if they had been noticed. At least there was no loud alarm. The rest joined them one by one, each relieved to duck under the shadow of trees again. Baer looked around at the tense faces. The suspense of not knowing what awaited them up top, was unbearable. He, himself, wanted to rush the hill. What had happened up there? Where was Tanya? What was happening to Lana? He forced himself to slow his breathing and settle his heart down. He then said, This time we all go together. There was nothing else to say. They had no idea what awaited them so this seemed the most reasonable course. He nodded to Cosh who led off and the rest followed.
The slope was steep but they advanced rapidly upward. Soon their calves ached and their breathing became ragged. Near the brow, Baer hissed and motioned for everyone to stop and kneel. He did not want to arrive at the top with all of them winded and exhausted. He lowered himself beside Cosh who pointed to the ground, where there was the clear print of a foot missing a big toe. Nobody in the clan was so afflicted. This sadly confirmed that the Tolmecs were indeed here. Baer nodded and his hand tightened on his spear. He saw that the others had Falcons ready, nocked and half-drawn, but he would depend on his spear, to stab, to slash, to pierce and exact a terrible revenge. His breathing eased but his heart refused to slow down. It filled his ears with pounding, like the hoofbeat of a stampede.
It was all so unreal. On such a beautiful sunny day, under a clear sky, on an open slope with a great vista that overlooked the plain, a handful of men were prepared to kill and die if necessary. But they were not prepared to face the death of loved ones.
Cosh looked up, but there was nothing to see, nothing to hear. Suddenly, above them a vulture appeared, then another. Fascinated, with a horrible oppression of feelings, they watched the birds circle lower. A great flapping of wings told them that the vultures had landed, and a shrill squabble broke out: crows, blackbirds, kites and vultures pecked at each other for scavenging rights.
What were the vultures doing here? Baers mind screamed in protest, but his mind denied him answers. Numb, chest nearly exploding, Baer rose, his spear ready. He advanced the few remaining steps up the hill. The rest moved up behind him. Cosh hurried to the front, protectively, to shield Baer. Tusk closed rank to the right.
They cleared the brow and were into the open space before the cave, confronted by great confusion: furs, sticks, fire wood, clumps of moss and grass mats lay scattered everywhere. A great flapping of wings and raucous calls erupted as the birds fought over the remains of a skin, now shredded and torn, half-filled with smoked and dried meats. The piercing challenge of their calls cut into jittery nerves.
Inside, the cave was no better, furs and skins, bedding, leaves and grasses strewn about everywhere. Wood also was haphazardly flung about, along with sticks, shafts and smashed and broken bowls. Even the fire stones and border stones were thrown about in a senseless chaos. But of humans there was no sign. There were no bodies, only this horrible confusion. Here, Cosh called and they all rushed to him. In the ashes of the main fire were planted six stakes. Spiked upon them were the straw dummies they had so recently used splashed with red ... red blood. Whose blood? Spiked also was a water bag, slowly dripping water in a horrible allusion to spilled blood. Somana! The Tolmec answer to the taunting by the demons.
Chills coursed through them all at the sight of such malevolence. Their blood froze with dread. What had happened here? Where was everybody? Where were Chaiko and the women and children? There was only the confusion and this horribly staged display.
In shock they dispersed throughout the cave looking for clues to the fate of the others. Suddenly there was a sob from the back of the cave and they all rushed there to find the painter Malek staring at his work. All the bison had spears in them, drawn with charcoal lines and here and there a daub of red blood flowed. At the edges there were dark palm prints of a Tolmec, repeated again and again. Right hand, left hand. Thus had the Tolmecs signed their destruction of the cave and all of its contents.
Ushi spat into the dust, Animals, all of them ...
Here! called Cosh again and pointed to the only thing that seemed to have been untouched, a Mukalak of standing stones just outside the cave!
All of them stared uncomprehendingly at the construction. It had not been there when they left. Who had built it? The Tolmecs in mockery of all the stones they had found in this land? Why? For what purpose? Nothing here made any sense! Reason could not penetrate the numbness of their minds.
Have they taken all our women and children captive? Baer croaked out roughly their worst fears. Have they ... killed them? Cosh noticed that the leader was looking at him, but he could only shrug his shoulders. There was great confusion, yes, but there were no actual signs of struggle, no real blood anywhere. There was no question that the Tolmecs had been here and that they had wrecked the cave as much as they could, but in the back and forth trample of prints there was no clear history.
Look! Cosh pointed again at the structure. They looked, but it appeared to be like all the others they had made. Look! said Cosh again. It points east! What did that mean?
******
Earlier that day Chaiko had shared with Tanya and Dawn his growing foreboding of some danger approaching. He explained to them the Who-got-the-stone game and the misdirection that was needed in order to play it. How that made him think of the Tolmecs, perhaps playing a similar game, making them think the stone was in one hand when it really was in the other. The two women blinked at him; what woman can understand mens twisted logic?
Dont you see? Taking the girls was one hand, a ruse, a misdirection. A sleight of hand to lure us away from the cave to chase the wrong hand. Dont you see, the other hand is coming here! And it is likely to be a clenched fist.
You mean ...? gasped Tanya. And here they were with but four men and a handful of women and children to face them!
When? Dawn asked, her face drawn, but she reached her hand out and her fingers closed about a fist-sized stone. I will stuff it down some Tolmecs throat, she promised herself.
I dont know, but I expect soon, said Chaiko, relieved to uncover his worries and set some countermoves in motion. He still hoped he was wrong, but he doubted it.
What must we do? asked Tanya.
We are too few to protect the cave. Its approaches are too broad and much too visible. We must assume anyway from the abduction of the girls that they already know exactly where we are. They might not know our exact numbers, but that is all.
Chaiko looked at the women, letting his information sink in, and saw their confusion turning into hardness, each having something to protect, a price to exact from the Tolmecs.
So, what do we do? Tanya asked again, but it was no longer a question but a demand by the headwoman to the shaman.
We must find a better place than this, something easier to protect. Any thoughts? The women shook their heads in the negative. They knew the land of course. They had been over every step of it, searching for anything edible and useable. But it was a man-thing to look for places to defend.
There is a rock face to the east, just beyond the Worm-Woods, that is high enough, with a ledge more than half way up and only a narrow goat path leading up to it. Hard enough just to get up there, without someone throwing things down at them, Chaiko mused aloud.
I know the spot, Tanya confirmed. The air is always warmer there from the sunlight reflected off the cliff. There are many raspberry bushes and I have gathered some eggs from the nests set in the crevices of rocks. But I have seen no ledge.
It is there. I spent an afternoon lying on it, watching the plains to the south for game. Impossible to sneak up on it in daylight. Near suicide to attempt it in the dark. A good place to defend. The only problem is water, though there was a slow drip way in the back.
Good. Then you advise that we move now? Tanya asked, wanting to get organized quickly.
Yes. But I want to hear your thoughts, the shaman said.
From what you describe, I dont think we have much time for thinking. It is enough for me that you believe the danger is real and coming! She looked at Dawn; the shaman had asked for their opinion. With her family and clan threatened, with a son to protect, Dawn felt fierce as an eagle ... an eagle needed a nest high up, exactly as Chaiko had described it. Lets do it.
At that Tanya jumped up, all her energies unleashed. She could not help in the rescue attempt of her daughter, but she could protect those left behind in the cave. She issued concise directions, her mind racing ahead of her tongue. Soon people were moving about hurriedly, collecting all they would need. Each person made two bundles, one that was absolutely essential: weapons, water bags, carryalls of meat and food, wraps. And a second bundle that held covers and extra skins, tools and basketfuls of useful things. Chaiko had to admire Tanyas skill in handling people. Even in such a crisis, with time precious, she was careful to be nice, issuing quiet, polite directions and filling the gaps with thankful smiles rewarding them all. Soon Tanya had them lined up and ready to go. They left Ruba in hiding to overlook the cave and to let them know if the Tolmecs appeared. He was to follow in a short while, guarding their retreat. Nebu told him sternly not to take any chances, not like with the stampede. Ruba nodded in agreement; he, too, had no use for stampedes.
The place was as Chaiko had described it, the only approach a narrow and difficult ascent that was easy to defend. Awkward with their bundles, they struggled up in a single file, stepping from stone to stone, clambering up on small footholds, holding onto narrow cracks. Chaiko had great trouble himself, his wooden leg stiff and unfeeling, often slipping on the stony path. The upper reaches of the cliff were cut by a narrow ledge that led back to a cave that disappeared quickly into the rock. Still there was room enough for the whole clan, and it was certainly secure from below. At the back there was a drip of water, but not enough for their numbers. The view from there was excellent, making it impossible to be surprised. Even a mountain goat could not get up there without being seen.
After a brief respite, Tanya gently and firmly sent them back down for the second bundles, but she held Kor and Calla back. They were too stiff to make the climb down and up the steep approach again. Gratefully they sat with their backs to the cave wall and looked out on the afternoon sun flooding the land. Tanya and Chaiko also stayed to make plans for their defense. Chaiko sat on the ledge studying the land, imagining himself a Tolmec, following the tracks that led to this rock formation. Meanwhile Tanya made a ring of rocks in the back, and stretched a skin to catch the drips, not letting the precious water seep away into the gravel. The nearest water was not far away, but with enemies in the land, retrieving it had become suddenly risky. Against the west wall she cleared some space, pushing aside the larger rocks, trying to create a level place for them to lie on. Bring the rocks here, Chaiko directed, pointing to a spot close to the ledge. She and he soon made a large pile.
The people returned, climbing up with some difficulty and gratefully depositing their burdens. They rested and ate. But it was not too long before Tanya had them moving again, gathering more firewood, bringing more water to fill all their water bags. She then sent them for some stones, something fist-sized to fit easily into a palm. Soon people were clambering up, helping each other with heavy skins full of such stones. Ruba also arrived from rearguard watch, reporting that he had seen no one following them. Looked at all the preparations with big eyes, he was filled with excitement: he saw the unfolding of a great adventure, to defend his clan against ferocious enemies. He peered over the ledge and threw a stone below, testing his aim. He was filled with admiration for Chaiko; why he himself could not have picked a better spot to defend. It was clear that nothing was going to dislodge them from such a strong position. But just then, he was sent to a near ridge, told to keep watch but take no chances. At the first sign of Tolmecs, he was ordered to report.
There was a constant flow of motion up and down the narrow access. It required continuous communication back and forth, as in most places the path had room for only one person and in places there was not even space enough to turn around. Water went up the steep incline step by painful step; there followed wood, rocks and even grass and moss. There was no need to be uncomfortable about this, Tanya reasoned. There was enough food and meat, enough to drink, plenty of firewood and covers to withstand any attack for many, many daysshe hoped.
Chaiko was sitting to the side, out of the way of the traffic moving back and forth. He had been taking an inventory of their weapons, but his thoughts soon pulled him off the single focus. They had spears, Falcons, throwing sticks, clubs, digging sticks, and plenty of rocks. But the sharpest weapons were of course confidence and fear. He must not neglect those. Be confident and you have already won. Be afraid and you have already lost. Certainly the high perch of their situation filled his people with confidence. But what could he do to instill fear into the enemy? Soon after, he was adapting some of the talons, fitting some with pitch-soaked windings of dry grass, others with whistling reeds. Also at the side, Kor was busy shaving wood, making more talons.
Suddenly in the distance they heard yelling and saw Ruba bursting into view, running as if the stampede were after him again. The people who were still outside turned about hurriedly to make their way up into the cave.
Chaiko, with Dawn beside him holding onto Yael, looked into the sunny brightness of the view. Let them come, they were ready. This time they would not only be scared, this time they would retreat, bloody, wounded or dead and not moving at all. Chaikos face froze into a cruel mask. They abducted Lana and Ido, and put the People of Standing-Rock Clan at risk. This time they would pay!
But the Tolmecs did not come; there was no sign of them throughout the morning.
What did you see? Chaiko asked Ruba. What did you see exactly?
The boy took a big gulp of air. He was used to being called to account for his actions, and the shaman was one man he did not want to disappoint. They were Tolmecs. Three, four hands of them. They were following our tracks. Then as I was told, I hurried here as fast as I could to report. Even at a distance I could see that their faces were covered with red paint.
Thirty or forty? Chaiko asked him, struck by the small discrepancy.
More than ten anyway, said Ruba, then gestured with his hands to pin down the numbers.
You did well, said Chaiko, praising the boy who had done exactly as he had been told. Ruba was much relieved. Adults tended to suspect him, but not the shaman.
The sun set and soon after, the land slipped into darkness. The moon rose shortly, to compete with a heavy overcast that all but obscured the sky, though a silver light broke through unexpectedly at times. The cave settled down to an uneasy sleep. Chaiko kept his vigil near the edge, peering into the darkness, listening to the silence. Occasionally he would drift off to sleep to jerk awake at some small, unexpected sound like a rock rolling downhill, or even the small echo of one. He kept watch and it reminded him of being the guardian of the night not all that long ago. He thought-walked into the darkness, depending on the exactness of his memory and his straining senses, to sweep into the void and catch the slightest indication of a presence below. Time and time again his thoughts returned without any suggestion of a warning. In between, his mind was busy, weighing the possibilities. If he were a Tolmec warrior, he would certainly wait to tire out any sentries and to let the tension of waiting wear the defenders down. Then perhaps, attack in the early half-light. Or ... in spite of the lurking danger Chaiko yawned at too many ors.
The night passed slowly in this uneasy waiting. The sky lightened in the east and though the sun was hidden by a heavy haze, the brightness of the day increased. Chaiko, his eyes tired from the night, saw the details emerging below him, but there was still no sign of the Tolmecs.
******
Under the cover of darkness, the three young men swam the river. They had outfitted themselves as planned with bundled sticks, branches and inflated skins securely tied. They waded into the water, then deeper, till in mid-channel they lost their footing. The current quickly pushed them downstream and spun them around with the flow.
Chandar, who felt the least secure in the water, was having difficulty holding onto his bundle of wood and the bubble of skin as the current tugged at him with more force than he had anticipated. The panic was rising in him, but he pushed it down, thinking of the girls and the help they would need. He kicked against the water and struggled on. Still there was no support in the water and he had the impression that the river was slowly swallowing him. He kicked feebly and tried to hang onto the floating things. The light faded and the darkness added to his fears. He tried to scream out but his mouth filled with water and he thought himself lost. Then his feet touched bottom. Desperately he kicked out, disappeared beneath the surface, kicked again, his floats all gone, and bobbed to the surface. To his surprise he could stand. Then to his greater surprise he was ashore on firm land. He collapsed on the rocky shore and coughed up some water convulsively. He felt weak and in the darkness could not see his companions. He was not even sure if he was on the right shore. The thought occurred to him that he had been carried back by the current and he would have to do this all over again. No, not again!
The current had spaced them out so that they made separate landfalls. The moon disappeared again and each became more acutely aware that they were in enemy territory. The darkness hid everything; the sound of the moving water lapping and splashing covered most other noises.
Crow called out softly, but heard no reply. He staggered to his feet and, using the sound of the river as his guide, stumbled downstream. His knees hurt from smashing on a submerged rock but he had no memory of it. The moon peeked out for the blink of an eye, showing Makar in the pale flicker. The two shadows found one another.
Did you see Chandar? Makar panted out anxiously.
No, Crow replied, he probably drifted further downstream.
I hope he did not drown, Makar began but then they practically stepped on the man. The three of them were reunited at last, each taking great comfort from the nearness of the others.
Crow was beside himself with impatience to get moving. His mind conjured up unpleasant images of things being done to Lana and he wanted to rush to her rescue. He had never been a worrier, but then he had never been in a situation like this. Yet he knew the wisdom of sticking with the plan they had made waiting for the night to fall.
The plan was to cross the river, which was now happily behind them, to climb into the hills somewhere high, then hide and wait for the day to reveal the lay of land and the activities of their enemy. Cosh had said he thought the Tolmec main camp could not be far off, somewhere in the hills.
But they were blind. They did not know the land or the enemy, and little of what else to expect. They could surely run away fast, Crow thought with grim humor, remembering the first encounter between the Tolmecs and the clan, but then he quickly corrected himself. These were warriors; look how cleverly they had lured the men away to attack the unprotected cave. Crow wondered with heart constricted about his mother and all the clan; it seemed they were beset by trouble on all sides.
No, the clan were hunters, not used to shedding human blood, but the Tolmecs were warriors, used to hunting the most cunning beast of allhumans. No, no, Crow saw the wisdom of waiting till they knew something more about them. The moon flooded through a hole in the clouds and illuminated the land briefly. Crow took his bearing for a likely hill then said, Well, lets go then. The three of them moved toward the darkness of the hills.
******
Cosh could make no sense of the prints on the ground. There was an obvious explosion of violence of some sort, but of what kind? Were people hurt and led away? And what did that Standing-Stone signify? Why east? What lay east of them?
Baer came up to him, holding in his hand a piece of fur that belonged to Lana. The leaders face was stone cold, his heart and mind hardened. Well? he asked Cosh.
The scout looked up at him. The nearest I can tell, Chaiko left the Standing-Stone as a sign for us to look for him in the east.
Baer jumped at this possibility. Are you sure? he asked, his voice cracking under the strain of wanting to believe but being afraid to.
Cosh shrugged his shoulders. I am not sure anymore about anything. But I cannot find another explanation for this, he said pointing to the Mukalak.
Do you think we will be in time? the leader asked.
Cosh had to shrug his shoulders again. We were not in time here.
Then we go east! Round up the others! Baer ordered.
What was east of them? he tried to recall. For Cosh, too, many things were east of them and his attitude was: take your choice.
The men were grimly silent. They welcomed the possibility of safety in the east, but they had seen the violence done to the cave and felt the malicious intent of the Tolmecs. They wanted an answer soon. The not-knowing was the worst part of it all.

Chapter 19
Lana and Ido were inside a strange construction in the middle of the Tolmec camp. Lana had never seen the like anywhere. Around them were a handful of long poles, all leaning towards the middle, meeting at the top in a tight cluster where they seemed to be fastened. The whole was roughly round in shape and narrowed as it rose to a point at the junction, way up top. The gaps within the poles were filled with a loose latticework of branches tied to the poles, while sheaves of reeds and bundles of grass filled the gaps. From the very middle, about three steps in any direction brought one to the edge. On the south side there was an opening for going in and out of the structure, covered by a hide. It was dim inside, but it appeared to be weather tight. Lana had to marvel at this construction, a shelter one could make anywhere. But to a person used to being surrounded by massive stone, this felt as if the first breath of a storm would blow it over. Besides, she was used to a communal cave, where the boundaries were more imaginary than real and privacy was a matter of courtesy; this hut was impossibly claustrophobic.
In the very middle of this space a pole held up the roof. It was dug into the ground and the two girls were securely tied to it. Lana had pulled and pushed against it with her body, but there was no give; the pole was set into the ground deep and would not budge. Ido was asleep. Lana wished she could be also, as this endless waiting was boring, dulling even her fears. At this rate she would look forward to seeing her captors again.
Yesterday she had been brought into the Tolmec camp liked some bagged deer, all tied up, carried on a shoulder. There were many, many conical huts scattered on the gravel shoal by a swift flowing river. Around them was a line of hills and a strip of forest at the foot of the surrounding slopes. The sky above was generously blue and birds, mostly gulls, were wheeling about the camp, looking for scraps to fight over.
As they entered camp, they were beset by a crowd of children who all wanted to look at the strange captives. Some of the children were painted on the face and body. They all wanted to touch her and some even pinched her hard to hear her squeal, but she did not oblige them. Women came up and there was a sudden exchange of gibberish. One old crone, her face lined, grabbed Lana by the hair, pulling it aside to peer into the girls face. There was more gibberish. Then some men joined them and the women and children left. Lana felt the captor carrying her grow more erect, and there was a boisterous tone to his voice. As the other men drew nearer, he patted her rear suggestively. There was coarse laughter at what he said.
Then everything turned quiet as a big man approached, his face heavily painted, but even so unable to mask entirely the ugly scar across his face. He moved with ponderous self-importance and everyone gave way in front of him. He put his face close to the girl, peering at her so close she could smell his sour breath. He then made a dismissing note. She is too skinny, he must have said, but Lana did not know how she knew.
Next she was taken into a hut and tied up beside Ido. Idos eyes were wild with fright but calmed at sight of Lana. Lana, she called with relief that turned sad as she realized that Lana had not escaped. They were then left alone and the two girls could tell each other their experiences.
Ido had been brought here earlier that day and received a similar reception. The Tolmecs were filled with curiosity about the girl, poking her and feeling her flesh without restraint as if she had no feelings. A young boy came up to her, impudently pulling at her wrap and looking at her private places. The rest of them screamed with glee at something that was said. Then she was brought in here and tied up. Since then she had seen nobody until Lana was brought in.
In her turn Ido listened to Lanas tale of her escape attempt. I should have gone straight north instead of continuing east the way we came. But these demons knew just where to wait for me, to catch me. She shook her head; if she only could do it over again, she would be successful. Wait, she told herself, and watch for your opportunity. She heard Chaikos voice in her head calming her.
Did you see or hear anybody coming to rescue us? Ido asked with faint hope.
No, Lana shook her head. Silly girl, she thought, we are in the middle of an enemy camp surrounded by hundreds of them. The entire Standing-Rock Clan would be no match for these numbers. This count was more like the Gathering of all the clans coming together.
Somewhat later a woman came in, her face flat and expressionless, bringing them water and some food. She did not bother to untie their hands but stuffed some meat in their mouths and later poured water between their lips. As she pulled aside the skin to the entrance, light again flooded the interior, blinding them. No one else had come since then.
The sounds from the outside faded and died away altogether as the narrow slits in the grass sides of the hut turned dark. Night fell and they were in the middle of its silence. Only a few mosquitoes buzzed about their faces. With their hands tied behind them, they could not defend themselves. What was worse, other needs started to manifest themselves and made them hugely uncomfortable. Finally, as there was nothing else to be done, Lana had to relieve herself where she was, humiliated and angry at her captors. Wait, just wait, the captive threatened her captors, but with what? With her utter helplessness?
******
Crow, Chandar and Makar were hidden among some rocks high up on the hillside. They were spread out to see more of the view before them, but within whispering distance of one another. As the gray light of dawn broke upon them, they spotted a large camp in a valley further into the hills, situated in the curve of a fast flowing stream. There were hundreds of strange structures that seemed to be some kind of shelter, as they could just make out people going in and out of them. Wisps of smoke rose into the sky from many fires among these constructions.
These people must be in the hundreds, Crow stammered when they first saw the extent of their camp. He stumbled over the word hundred that he had learned from Dawn, never having had a need to use it before. Maybe for counting the bison, he thought belatedly.
How are we going to find them in that crowd? Chandar wondered.
Even if we find them, how are we going to get them out? Makar queried dismayed.
At the sight of the camps size, all were aghast at the task facing them. As their feelings of heroism faded and doubt flooded in, they looked at each other and shook their heads disheartened. Crow was feeling sick with helplessness.
We must get closer for a better look, he said. The others nodded, though they could not see how they could help the girls.
Not until dark, Chandar said, we wont move until dark. Makar was quick to agree with that decision.
Another day lost, Crow ate at himself in frustration.
******
Dawn suddenly awoke to an overpowering feeling that things were all wrong. For one thing the light was coming from the wrong place, and the ground felt hard and its contours unfamiliar. She reached for Yael and to her great relief he reacted just the way he always did when he first woke, making agitated little sounds, wanting to be fed. She opened her eyes and saw she was in a strange place and the memory of all that had recently happened rushed in on her. Rising to one elbow, she looked for Chaiko near the edge and found him dozing, silhouetted in the flood of light from the outside. She quickly looked about, but the rest of the cave was still sleeping. Quietly she got to her feet, went to Chaiko and tucked his cover around his crumpled form.
She peered outside to the open space beneath the cave a good way down. Here and there a light mist swirled among the rocks and bushes, but there was no sign of any Tolmecs about. She looked toward the cave hill, but that was a fair distance away, not even visible from her present vantage. Glancing at Chaiko again, she noted that his face was slack, his mouth slightly open, his expression vacuous. She smiled and thought, If you could see yourself now, you would not be so sure of yourself. Then she thought how desperately they needed him to be sure, now more than ever. She adjusted his covers again, and with a startled expression he awoke. Instantly he scanned the foreground then turned to her, his eyes piercing. How does he do it, one minute asleep, the next fully awake? She always had to struggle out of the confusion of sleep.
But his face was tired as his eyes searched the land, and Dawn felt for an instant the weight of his worries. How will it be today? she asked in a small girls voice.
He threw a quick look at her, scanning her face, then frowned. Today, we must learn to kill. We are hunters, and we kill animals because we must, to live and to survive, to feed our families. But killing is not the clan way.
The other time, they were the hunters, uninvited in our land, who came to us unpainted and unprotected from the spirits they feared, and it was we who were the demons that chased them away. Today they have painted their faces, hid their humanity, hardened their hearts and brought their lust to kill. Maybe because they will be painted, they will be less human to us, and it will be easier for us to kill them. But, oh, let not killing come too easily. We have a terrible weapon in our hands, for Falcon can kill without asking, without thinking of the blood it sheds ... But it is not the clan way.
The conflict was chiseled into every worry line on Chaikos face. In a husky voice he continued, They have taken our children, and we do not know their fate. And by now, Baer could be dead or dying. Cosh and Tusk slain in their own blood. The rest with them torn from life. And my heart seethes hot with anger and grows harder and I feel I can learn to kill. But the killing makes us like them. The violence grows within and changes the person on the inside, to forget compassion and mercy. Theres blood spilled in the killing, and blood will more blood beget, Bogan taught us. And every drop will add to our debt. No, after killing there is no turning back. After perhaps, we must hide from ourselves deep somewhere, like Sosa. Chaiko looked at the sky and said, shaking his head, I would that we didnt have to do this today. To look down from our high perch, cast stones in their faces, send talons into their teeth, rain spears down on their heads. I would there were some other way. He lowered his head and a great sigh escaped him.
Dawn knelt down beside him, took his face in both her hands and gazed into the confusion of feelings in his eyes. Look into your heart and decide what we must do. You are our shaman. If killing is not the clan way, then we must not do it. If we can avoid killing then we should not so lightly choose it. We are safe up here and secure. Even without killing we can hold them off these cliffs. Chaiko closed his eyes to look within himself. She dropped her hands into her lap and waited. When he opened his eyes again, they were clear.
They both sat there thinking, each rehearsing the coming day. Dawn looked out closely at the surroundings and realized that she recognized it. I know that spot. There we picked onions and rye grasses last year, do you remember? And there we found spinach. But he only shook his head, preoccupied.
A little later, Chaiko was shocked to see Dawn clambering down the narrow path to the ground below. Dawn! he called out and she looked up and yelled back cheerfully, Be right back, just have to get something. He reached for Falcon, nocked a talon and scanned the space below, looking for enemies. But aside from Dawn running off to the east with a large bag in her hand, there was no movement.
When sometime later she returned, the rest of the cave was up. Where have you been? Tanya demanded of Dawn with anger in her voice fed by her worries.
I had to get something, was all Dawn would say, pointing to her bag, but not letting anyone see inside.
Then Gill who was on guard called out a warning and they rushed to the ledge to look below. A line of painted Tolmecs was emerging from a cut in the land to the west and their numbers kept growing.
Ten ... twenty ... thirty ... forty. Chaiko counted, his heart hammering.
******
Cosh was leading the group as they started east. They had stayed near the cave, not wishing to rush into the Tolmecs in the dark. But once the mist dissipated enough, they started on their way. The path was easy to follow. After all, there were forty pairs of feet stomping their passing into the ground. In their arrogant confidence they had not even tried to hide their tracks. Every once in a while they came upon some discarded item from the cave that they recognized, that some Tolmec had flung away.
Look, this is your cap. Stow passed the piece of fur to Kray. Kray looked at it, wondering where his mate and children were, and flung it away. There would be time enough to pick it up on the way back ... if there was a way back from the confrontation they were hurrying towards. He compressed his lips harshly and took larger strides.
All of them were rushing toward their fate, converging on danger itself.
******
The Tolmecs were sniffing along the trail nearing the cliff. Chaiko stood on the ledge, fully visible. He had made up his mind what to do and was calm and composed. Below them the Tolmecs closed in. One of them suddenly noticed the crowd on the ledge and yelled pointing up. The rest froze, then pulled back in surprise, to assess the risk from a safe distance. Chaiko did not move and told his people to remain still. The two groups looked at each other, measuring the strength and resolve of their opponents.
A painted warrior strode to the fore and uttered some words that sounded like a challenge, doubtless seasoned with threats. Chaiko pointedly turned his back on them. The provocation of the gesture was obvious to the Tolmecs who muttered angrily among themselves. But the inaccessibility of the clans position gave the Tolmecs some concerns to mull over. It was obvious they were trying to solve this puzzle, with many words back and forth. The people on top acted amused by the problems facing their visitors and uttered zesty invitations to come on up. Come on in, they waved.
The Tolmecs must have come to some conclusion, for they suddenly spread out in an attack formation. At a word from their leader, they rushed the cliff. A number of them unleashed their spears at the heights, their arms lengthened by the spear throwers they held. The spears fell short, but not by much, and Chaiko had to marvel at the distance achieved, at least twice a normal cast. Quickly, two, three, then four sprang from rock to rock on the narrow access path. Gill stepped to the fore and drew his Falcon, aiming at the climbers, but Chaiko blocked his view and pushed his arms down. Gill looked at the shaman surprised. Was he going to let the enemy walk in on them?
Chaiko bent down, picked up a rock and aimed it at the climbers. It hit the arm of one, who cried out in pain and dropped his spear. At this a hail of rocks followed and the climbers retreated hastily, covering their faces and heads with their arms. But going down was harder, for they could not turn their backs on their opponents and had to duck the falling missiles hurled at them. There were angry cries of frustration from below. Again the Tolmecs pulled back to reconsider.
It was Chaikos turn to taunt them and feed their impotent fury. The meeting then suddenly broke up as the Tolmecs scoured the ground picking up rocks. Then they advanced on the cliff again and from a safe distance started throwing them. Their aim was good, their range was adequate, and soon rocks were falling among the clan. Chaiko had everybody pull back into the cave, but some rocks followed inside, careening off walls and soon cries of hurt could be heard. At this the Tolmecs cheered and redoubled their efforts.
Chaiko went to the ledge, Falcon ready, talon notched; he drew, aimed carefully and released. There was a short, piercing shriek of a falcon as the talon struck the leader of the horde in the thigh. The Tolmec collapsed, his hand clutching at the talon. The rest froze in shocked silence. Again the falcon screamed in flight and a second warrior fell to the ground with a talon shot through his calf. A third talon nailed the arm of another onto the ground. Then there was a great scramble as the Tolmecs pulled back. This weapon they did not know nor did they know its range; they paused uncertain beyond a spear-throws distance. The injured crawled back to them. Once again they collected to consider their situation. These were hardened warriors, ready to kill or be killed, but this new thing that flew made them very uncertain.
Chaiko checked on his people. Yaya had an ugly gash on her shoulder from a fragment of a rock that had grazed her. Ruba also had got hit. He had managed to duck one rock but not the other that followed, and now had a red slash on his forehead which he showed with obvious pride to the others. Look, wounded in battle! Rea was slightly hurt also, and so was Dawn, with an angry bruise on her back having shielded Yael with her body. I am all right, she said, trying valiantly to reassure her mate, but her face was chalk white with the shock. Anger was rising in Chaiko, but he held it down. Think, he commanded himself, you must end this before someone dies, unleashing the burden of a blood feud, from which there will be no turning back. A good fight was one thing, but a death quite another. Blood cried out for more blood.
He went back to the ledge to see what the Tolmecs were up to. They were there but only half their numbers. Where have the others gone? he asked. Gill replied evenly, Off into the bush, and he pointed to the west. What could they be doing there?
They did not have to wait long before the others returned bringing with them bundles of reeds, branches, and pieces of bark. Chaiko watched closely as the Tolmecs worked these into some kind of contraption. Chaikos admiration for them grew as he realized what they were doing, and thought hard about how to counter it. He called to Dawn and told her what he wanted.
When the Tolmecs were ready, they advanced in a line and each held before him a strange, impenetrable composite of reeds, branches and bark to protect them from the rocks and the screaming falcons. They cheered and uttered threatening noises at the cliff, then they rushed in, a handful bounding up the path again under their shields. The rest threw a new spate of rocks. Chaiko ducked as the rocks went flying over them. The clan threw rocks back at the advancing climbers, but the stones bounced harmlessly off the shields. The warriors cheered their numbers on and threw more rocks at the ledge. Ducking a rock again, Chaiko heard a cry of pain from behind him. With stiffened resolve, he nocked a talon and put its head into a small dish of burning grease, setting the wrap about the shaft aflame, aimed and shot; the talon bored itself into a shield. The flames quickly spread and the whole was soon aflame. Its owner jumped back casting the burning thing from him. Chaiko shot again and again and soon a whole line of these bundles were burning on the ground. The attackers fled hastily again, some running over others, but a group was caught on the climb, too narrow to quickly turn around and run. Chaiko took a talon, aimed and shot and another Tolmec collapsed onto the ground, a talon sticking into his foot. Talon after talon struck, as more were wounded in the legs or arms. Still Chaiko was careful not to hit anything vital. The main mass of Tolmecs, now deprived of their protective shields, retreated again, leaving their compatriots trapped halfway up the narrow path.
Chaiko turned his attention on these. A flaming talon was on its way to set the bundle of reeds of the last man aflame, blocking the retreat of others. More talons followed, striking the shields. One by one these shields were cast away, useless and burning. A rain of stones followed, and three of them jumped, two fell to the bottom. There were howls of pain and impotent rage. The wounded then crawled and limped away nursing their injuries, bruises from the rocks, and painful burns.
Once again there was a discussion below. Chaiko read their gestures, and found discouragement in some. Others were too hurt; now fully one third of their number was in some way incapacitated. Injured though the leader was, he held command and seemed to sway his people as some purposefulness returned to the group. Again a group left and Chaiko awaited their return with tense apprehension. Gill was beside him looking down when the warriors came back, once again loaded with reeds and bark and branches like before.
Gill laughed in relief. Come, we know how to deal with that. Let us give you a second taste, if you so enjoyed the first.
The contraptions were ready again. The leader limped to the fore, looked at the cliff and gave a sharp command. In spite of his obvious pain, his face was full of glee. Warriors stepped forth and doused each shield with water from some skins until they were all soaked. The gesture of the leader said, burn that if you can. He was actually enjoying himself. Worry lines creased Chaikos face. What to do about this now? He felt someone pluck his wrap and turning, he saw Dawn with a fresh bruise on her cheek. His anger flared, and he was more than ready to kill. She pointed to the bag she had gone down to fill earlier that morning.
What is it? he asked somewhat irritated that she would distract him now. She opened up the bag a little to show him. As he looked, a slow smile lit up his face. Yes! he said in jubilation. Just the thing we need! Gratefully he caressed her cheek, but time was pressing, and he turned to face below.
The line of Tolmecs again advanced to the cliff, fewer of them than before, but this time, confident of success, they advanced indolently. Again a few started up the path, careful to stay behind their shields. There were no rocks to greet them, no screaming talons to welcome them, no burning talons to invite them inside. The cliff above was suspiciously quiet. Chaiko showed himself and was greeted by a barrage of rocks. He ducked and let them fly by. There were, however, a few muffled cries of pain behind him. Chaiko looked down again then issued his command. Kor came to the ledge, then Gill and Rea, Tanya and Ruba. Each threw a head-sized wrap of something amongst the Tolmecs. When the packages hit the ground, the warriors looked at them with apprehension then saw them break open, releasing an angry cloud of hornets. The swarms straight away attacked the Tolmecs, flying in their faces, stinging every patch of uncovered skin they could reach. There was a horrified outcry at this new terror unleashed. Forgotten was the attack, forgotten the shields and weapons, as the horde scattered in panic, the swarm of angry hornets shadowing them. Stung many times, they tried to desperately outrun these ferocious insects. It was to their credit that they took their injured with them. They didnt stop running, but disappeared under the trees to the west.
There was an initial cheer as the attack wavered then collapsed, but the agony of the Tolmecs was so severe that cliff grew silent. They stood on the ledge watching the enemy flee. Chaiko, knowing that the enemy was beaten and demoralized, recalled the lesson, Let confidence be your weapon, and cast fear into your enemies. They had certainly done that. Nonetheless it occurred to him to ask how the clan, professing to be peaceful people, had come up with such a warlike dictum.
Chaiko inspected his people, thankful that no one was hurt seriously. He found Dawn holding their baby, and smiled at her with gratitude. He reached a hand out and grabbed hers, feeling so much stronger together. She had saved the day with her hornets; he did not know how it would have turned out otherwise.
******
Cosh set a quick pace that the others found hard to maintain, even following a clear trail; there were no ambiguities here at all. Cosh, who knew the terrain intimately, finally realized where Chaiko could have withdrawn for a last defense. Good for you Chaiko, he said in his heart, but then that is why you are a shaman.
When they came to a clearing, Cosh paused for the rest of them to catch up. Baer looked at his scout and said between breaths, I hope you know where you are leading us, for if you are running just to run, then ... but did not know how to finish his sentence.
I think that Chaiko is not far away ... but then he stopped as on the other side, painted red demons burst into view. Then more and more of them spilled from beneath the trees. Without the least regard, the red horde charged across the distance but pulled up short in surprise when they saw the clan across the way. Tusk charged into their midst, swinging his stout spear about him, scattering the red herd. Baer charged, too, and behind him all the others. But the red demons did not want to fight; they ran again to the west. The others, still stuck in front of the clan, made a wide detour around them.
Wait! Tusk yelled indignant. Stay and fight. What kind of warriors are you?
But there was only the sound of the herd thrashing through the woods in heedless flight.
Baer turned to Cosh, astonished by this abrupt wave that surged around them, and for a moment did not know which way to go. Lets see, we were following them up to now, should we not chase them? But then his confusion cleared. He had to see his mate; the rest of his people needed to see their families. Lets go! he ordered Cosh.
The scout blinked at him and asked, Which way? He, too, appeared to have trouble making up his mind. Baer pointed and they set forth again at a fast pace. Still they did not know what they would find.

Chapter 20
Chaiko was looking at the pile of spears at his feet. As there were exactly thirty-eight, he had to wonder where the remaining two had disappeared. There were forty Tolmecs so there should have been forty spears, with flint tips. The Tolmecs also carried much lighter spears as well, for using with their spear throwers. He examined this implement with interest. It was really a simple affair, just a grooved shaft about a length of a forearm with a knob at one end. The spear thrower extended the arm and made it possible to cast a spear about twice the normal distance. Ingenious but simple and effective like all ingenious things. He shook his head in admiration. He remembered how the Tolmecs were able to throw the spear from below almost but not quite onto the ledge. Lucky for the clan to be just out of their reach. As it was, there were only a few minor wounds from rocks and fragments that ricocheted off the walls.
Dawn was nursing their child, hoping he was not upset too much by all the commotion and shouting that had gone on earlier. But Yael seemed to have sensed the gravity of the situation and, now that he had his mother back, was quite content. There was a bruise on Dawns face and a cut on her back but it would heal soon. Tanya was attending to the other wounded. Ruba, very proud of his wound, strutted in front of Ork. This was a confirmation of his courage when he had single-handedly stared down the Tolmec horde. His father would be proud of him and maybe would even make a painting of his exploits.
They were all in a mood to celebrate, but the uncertainty about the young men and the missing girls dampened their spirits. Still they talked among themselves in hushed undertones almost as if the enemy were still listening. Only Sosa was unaffected.
Below the ledge there were burn marks where the shields the Tolmecs used had been consumed by Chaikos fire talons. Dispossessed hornets still buzzed about the fragments of their hives but most of the swarm were gone, as everybody hoped, still after the Tolmecs.
I dont understand why Chaiko did not let us kill a few of them, complained Gill bitterly. At that distance I could not miss even if I had my eyes closed. He was trying to claim first-spear on the enemy.
Just be thankful that not one of us got killed, Rea admonished him.
Oh, I am. But I would have been such a hero, and he blinked in Elas direction. At least Ushi was not around to steal some of his credit. Did you see the one I hit with the hornets? He could not believe his eyes when they swarmed him, nor his ears at their angry buzzing, but he had to believe their sting, for I am sure he did not stop running till he was home. He said it a little louder than necessary to make sure that Ela would overhear.
You old goat! Rea threw at him. But I am glad that nothing happened to you.
What could happen to me? asked Gill in mock gaiety.
You could swallow yourself for one thing, Rea snapped.

On guard, Gill regularly scanned the landscape open to him. To the west he saw birds flying into the air and his attention sharpened. One bird meant perhaps nothing, but four definitely was something. Unconsciously he reached for Falcon. Rea noticed the gesture and he too reached for his weapon. Another bird flew into the air and another. Gill hissed a warning as his mouth went suddenly dry. Didnt the Tolmecs have enough, already? Others grabbed weapons or a stone and hurried to the ledge.
A figure emerged from the trees and everybody recognised the tall frame of Cosh. Then Baer followed. A sudden cheer of jubilation broke out on the ledge. They waved and then the hunting call broke out spontaneously, Yiyiyiyi yijja yiiiiih! the depth of the cave reinforcing the shrill sound with its own resonance.
The rest of the group emerged from beneath the trees and looked toward the ledge and the celebration there. Both sides were anxiously counting numbers. Who was missing? There was no Lana, no Ido. Where were Crow, Makar and Chandar? The celebration died out, stifled by fresh worries. Baers group advanced into the clearing looking wonderingly at the burn marks.
Watch out for the hornets! Chaiko yelled to them just as Stow was stung and leapt in pained surprise high into the air with a squawk. The others were more careful and made detours around the few clusters of the irritated insects. Baer arrived at the foot of the way up, looked at the narrow and difficult approach and knew why Chaiko had chosen this place to make his stand. He clambered up the rock thinking that he was getting too old. But then he recalled that in the last couple of days they had been all over the countryside. He arrived at the top and accepted Chaikos hands that pulled him up the last step. The two brothers embraced and pounded each other so vigorously on the shoulders and back that clouds of dust rose from their coverings. Then Tanya, unable to wait any longer, pushed in to claim her mate. They hugged each other fiercely. At one time or another, each had thought the other lost. Cosh was hugging Ile and they were both crying. Ido?? pleaded Ile under her breath. Cosh shook his head sorrowfully and gently shushed her. Ile sagged against him and cried silent tears, her body shaking. He could do nothing but pat her head. Tanya, who had already read the answer on her mates face, refused to give in to her grief. Instead, she concentrated on celebrating her mates safe return to her bosom.
At the edge of all this, Emma stood, swaying slightly, Crow? Crow? she asked in an uncertain voice. Baer pulled away from Tanya and said in a loud voice, The Tolmecs took La.. na ... and Ido across the river to their camp. Crow, Chandar and Makar went after them.
A deep silence greeted this announcement. Emma started to cry quietly. She was glad that her son was still alive but to dare the bear in his own cave? What foolishness! Chaiko merely nodded, yes, that was Crow, but he was surprised about Makar. He had guessed at the young mans hopes, but did not think this was in him. Shows you, you dont know everything, he reminded himself.
Chaiko met his brothers eyes over the heads of their women, and they nodded to each other in recognition that no one died, no one was lost, no one was seriously injured. The care of the clan was in their hands. Both, however, shared the same feeling of anxiety and unease because sons and daughters of the clan were still out there somewhere in danger.
******
Lana and Ido had not seen anybody since they were put in the hut, except for the flat-faced woman who brought them food and drink occasionally. The woman seemed upset with them for soiling their surroundings and railed angrily at them, making many vehement gestures in their direction and then pointing to the dirt they created.
Last night she had untied them and released their hands from behind. At first, the girls could barely move their arms, cramped and numb from being pinned back for so long. Before leaving them again, the woman retied them expertly, but kept their arms to the front where it was much more comfortable. However, she connected their hands to their ankles so they had only limited movement, and attached a choke leash around their throats which she affixed to the pole in the center.
The time passed very slowly with nothing to do, and with such limited range of movement. It was difficult even to look at one another, though there was not much to see in the glum interior. They talked and talked, but soon exhausted all reasonable topics and grew tired of repeating themselves. The one thing they did not discuss at length was their possible fate at the hands of their captors. Ido did not want to know, and did not even want to think about it. Lana, who had spent most of her life indulging her fantasies, was not all that fond of reality either and usually avoided it in favor of more comforting thoughts. Now, however, she felt she must face what confronted her without veering away.
Still, this was hard to do in the darkness. In daytime at least there were sparkle points of lights streaming through the smallest of gaps, light to focus on, to hold in view as some promise of hope. But ultimately there was nothing to do but watch and wait.
She listened to the Tolmecs comings and goings, attempting to make sense of their voices and movements. She would have to try to unravel their incomprehensible speech.
Idos mind was showing some worrisome drifting away from their conditions and her speech was becoming slurred and distorted. At times, she made no sense at all. She seemed to take refuge more and more in sleeping.
Voices approached outside but did not pass. When the skin covering the entryway was pulled aside, bright light flooded the interior, blinding the girls. It was the flat-faced woman who had brought another woman with her. They issued commands to the captives in clipped, peremptory tones, but the girls just stared at them uncomprehendingly. The women released their leashes and untied them. Lana rubbed her wrists gratefully, even welcoming the dull pain as full circulation returned to her hands. She was grabbed by the shoulders and pushed outside into the harsh light of day. She stumbled and tears immediately filled her eyes from the piercing glare. Again she was pushed forward, then Ido was pushed roughly into her. The girls staggered ahead, shoved again and again. Slowly, Lanas eyes adjusted to the brightness, but she still had to look through narrow slits of her eyelids until slowly, she was able to perceive shapes floating by her.
A group of the curious, young and old, quickly collected around them, poking and plucking at them and a whole procession drifted along. They were repeatedly pinched and taunted as they went, and there seemed to be much laughter and shouting. Then as they approached a taller hut of the same design, the crowd melted away and the two women seized a girl each and pushed her into the interior.
The inside was so dim that it took a little time for their eyes to adjust. There was a fire in the center around which sat a handful of men, obviously the leaders of this tribe of Tolmecs. They were all middle-aged with faces full of scars. A large, bony hook-nosed man seemed to be their leader judging by the respect the others showed him. Lanas eyes flew from one to the other, assessing her chances for some sympathy, but these were all hardened men, weathered by life, inured to pain with many battles behind them. Their eyes were dead of all feelings.
The Hook-Nose spoke and there was general laughter as they turned to look at the girls. The clipped sounds of their tongues clicked, making impossible noises, all incomprehensible, but there was no mistaking the derision in the tone nor the dismissing wave of hands. Too skinny, too weak, too puny, too narrow. There was general agreement and nodding all around. Hook-Nose spat out a new flood of sounds and the women came and ripped the covering off the girls. The two stood shocked to the core, frozen, naked before this uncouth group of men. Belatedly Lana tried to cover herself but her keeper pinned her hands behind her. The leader pointed at the unripeness of the girls as if to prove his point and again waved dismissingly. Most nodded, but there were two who seemed to take an interest. They are skinny, it was true, but so foreign looking in their posture, so different. One of them spoke, obviously haggling for one or both of the girls. Then the other, equally interested, spoke up and there was a lively exchange between them. The others were offering encouragement, it seemed, too much laughter. Then Hook-Nose seemed to tire of this game, called out something roughly, and instantly the mood changed. With a peremptory wave he dismissed the women, who led the girls outside, naked as they were, and dragged them through the camp drawing a new crowd of the curious who enjoyed the captives humiliation. They were taken back to the hut they had occupied before, shoved in, and their skin coverings flung in after them. But to the girls great surprise they were not tied up again.
Lana quickly dressed then helped Ido who was trembling from the treatment they had just received. Lana hushed her, but thought to herself it was really not that bad. They did not know these people, so crude and vulgar in all their expressions, and therefore, they did not matter. She was not going to waste her time with feelings of shame on their account. Yet her hands trembled as she fastened her coverings and her throat burned with tension.
Ido seemed to come to the some resolution for she stopped crying and looked at her friend, saying, We must escape from here. Even if we cannot, we must try. Lana was surprised by the determination in Idos tone.
We will. she said simply. I promise you, we will try. Be watchful for an opportunity, she told herself, unnecessarily. Then she became aware of a painful tightness in her stomach and fell ill.
******
High up in the hill overlooking the entire camp, the three young men were discouraged by the large number of structures that seemed to have grown out of the ground like mushrooms after a good rain. Smoke swirled about and there was just too much activity for them to keep track of. A constant procession of people went back and forth. This was not a small clan but a tribe of several hundreds.
How many do you think there are down there? Crow asked, but the others just shrugged. What did numbers matter, anyway? There were certainly enough for whatever they cared to undertake.
They had discussed plans over the last two days but could not settle on any one clear line of action. They had found a narrow winding path through the hills that would serve as their escape route all the way back to the river. If need be, with a possible pursuit near, there were several good spots for them to make a stand with some assurance of success. It remained only to find the girls somewhere in this rabbit warren, get in, rescue them and get out. Unfortunately it was not proving to be so simple.
The trouble was that they had been watching all day today, but saw no sign of the girls anywhere. They must be hidden in one of these contraptions, they concluded. But which one? Pick any one of the more than a hundred, Chandar had said, frustrated. They were running out of food, with reserves for little over a day, but no more. How would they be able to replenish their shrinking stock? They could not go hunting in the middle of enemy territory.
Each of them was wrestling with his own brand of desperation. What to do? Makar repeated the question over and over again to block his mind from thinking all the thoughts his fertile imagination was capable of conjuring. Ido being misused. Ido being abused. Or punished. He went back to filling his mind with useless questions.
Chandar felt the impotent helplessness of their position. Nothing in his life had prepared him for this. Someplace below was Lana, the girl he loved, and there was nothing he could do about helping her. Not even a glimmer of an idea offered the least hope of success. Throwing away his life would not help her. Despondently, he followed the comings and goings of people flowing between the huts, his heart heavy, his eyes weary from watching. At times, he felt he had forgotten what he was looking for and had the dread feeling that she had passed before his eyes a hundred times and he had not recognised her.
Crow was also feeling desperate. His whole being cried out for him to do something, but his mind could not suggest anything halfway useful. Chaiko, help me! he pleaded. What would you do? he tried the next question. He would surely use magic, blind the eyes of those below and find Lana by calling her to him like he, as shaman, called animals before the hunters.
Think, he commanded himself. Think not with your fears. That was Chaikos voice telling him. How often had Crow heard Chaiko preach just that? He sat up suddenly. All the answers he would need were in his mind already, he just had to recognise them. Habits are there to spare one from thinking; rules are there to reinforce the habits, Chaikos voice sounded in his mind. He was not sure how that applied but he was going to wait till it all made sense. Do not fear the impossible, for with thoughts, there is nothing that is impossible. Thoughts can move mountains; the hard thing is to move them in reality. What kind of double talk was that? But thoughts came surfacing one by one for his consideration, as Chaikos voice talked him through them.
Time passed slowly. The day was beautiful without any shadows in the sunshine. It was a wonderfully mild day, not too hot, just right, with a light breeze that stirred the air. It seemed so incongruous on a wonderful day like this, that there was any pain in the world or any worry. But there was, and the weight of it bore down on the three young men.
Crow finally shook himself and looked at the other two, who stared back at him. Dont tell me you have an idle thought, their eyes queried.
Yes, I have, Crow said out loud, surprising them. We cant stay here just waiting.
Well, what would you suggest? asked Chandar, hopefully. He, too, felt the same.
Crow took a deep breath. Once the words were out, he could not take them back, and he must go through with it allplay it to the end. I am going to let them capture me.
What!!?? The others jumped to their feet as if hit by lightning. Are you crazy? Makar demanded of him. You have been in the sun too long.
Why? Chandar wanted to know his reasoning so that he could judge the mans sanity; besides, then they could use his own argument to dissuade him.
Sitting here, just watching, we are certainly not helping the girls any. They both had to agree with that statement.
We are running out of food. And day by day the chance of being discovered increases. True!
The girls are locked in one of those things and we are never going to find out which or where, just by sitting here. Right again.
So it would be good to have one on the inside. I think that if I were captured, they might keep me with them, or at least show me to them to see if we know each other. That also sounded plausible.
Yes, but they might also just kill you on the spot, Makar protested.
Possibly, admitted Crow, but I think it more likely that if I am captured deep in their territory, they would want to look me over closely. That was also possible. They would, therefore, likely bring me into camp.
And then what? Chandar, who had been quiet until then, asked the obvious.
I do not plan to stay captive for long, Crow said with grim determination. I will escape the first chance I get, find the girls and be on our way.
Sounds very risky, said Chandar, and Makar nodded his head vehemently.
If you have a better plan, I would love to hear it, Crow said, and that was the hook; they all knew there was no other plan.
Where did you get this hare-brained scheme? Makar demanded, wanting to gain some time.
Chaiko told me, Crow said simply. The others looked at him incredulously. Makar opened his mouth to protest, but there was no use arguing with a madman.
But Chandar became thoughtful. At least this was a plan. Maybe they could improve on it and increase its chance of success. So he and Crow talked back and forth and slowly even Makar got drawn into the planning.
May the spirits of my ancestors help me, Makar pleaded. But I think I must be as crazy as you two.
They rehearsed the plan, over and over again, refining a detail here, simplifying there when they could. Finally, they thought they had it as tight as possible; any tighter and the whole might rip apart. With the repetition they all felt more confident and started to think that it might even work. Now, nothing remained but to wait until dark to set the whole scheme in motion.
Waiting was never a young mans strength and the day crawled, even their heartbeat slowed down. At times the sun seemed to go backward across the sky, so many times did they glance at it.
You must love her very much, offered Chandar looking at Crow.
Yes. She is my heart. Without her ... and left the thought hanging. It was painful talking of such intimate things. Chandar nodded that he understood.
Here is my hand in friendship. Chandar stuck out his hand and they clasped firmly. I do not know what will happen with this plan of ours, but I will do everything I can to help it and count my life for nought, but this. And he shook Crows hand. But I tell you, I have never met the likes of you two. His other hand grabbed Makar who was so overcome he did not know what to do with himself. Chandar almost whispered the next words, Well, friends, then for Lana and Ido. May our desperate enterprise succeed for their sakes.
The three shook one anothers hands again in solemn pledge of a covenant among them. Then they resumed watching the camp. Crow tried to get a sense of the layout. He figured that he would be somewhere down there soon enough.

Chapter 21
Finally the sun set, but even so, it did not appear to the three young men waiting that darkness hurried after it. The afterglow lingered and the sky remained light for a long time.
They were prepared. That is, Crow was prepared to go and the other two were prepared to let him. Crow gave Makar his Falcon, as he did not want to make a present of it to the enemy. But it would arouse suspicion to be captured deep in enemy territory without a weapon, so, throughout the day, they took turns working on a spear for him. They shaped a shaft of wood, sharpened its point, smoothed its length. They could not fire-harden it of course, but with work it gave a convincing appearance of an everyday weapon; crude perhaps but serviceable.
Their provisions were low, so Crow wanted to give all his to them, joking that he expected his captors to feed him better anyway. But Chandar pointed out it would be more credible to the Tolmecs if there were some food in his carryall. Finally, they compromised and settled on one strip of dried meat.
As darkness slowly deepened, they rehearsed their plan one more time. Suddenly, it did not seem as workable as it had before, but the plan by now had its own momentum and resisted any changes. It was almost time to go.
Whatever happens, we are friends, Chandar said as they clasped hands in parting. For now and for all my life.
Friends, confirmed Crow. If something should go wrong, tell Lana ... But what was there to tell in such desperate times? There were not enough words to say all he wanted said. The other nodded in understanding.
Take care, Makar said to his closest friend, not trusting to say any more. His breast was filled with a heroic sway of feelings and the artist in him wanted to catch and remember every nuance. There were echoes of a great poem in him already, about Crow descending into the cave of the bear, alone.
Youre coming with me, Crow reminded him, part of the way, anyway. The other nodded; he had not forgotten, but this was the proper moment for gestures and he was not going to miss it.
Then it was finally time to go. The three looked at each other once more, but there was nothing left to say that they had not tried to say already. They nodded. Chandar was to stay on this spot and keep watch over the camp. Makar was to accompany Crow part way to confirm that Crow was not prematurely intercepted. Then he was to come back to join Chandar at their vigil.
Crow and Makar set out on an animal trail that wound along the ridge line of hills, a secret back way almost all the way to the river. There was enough moonlight to see by and they made good progress. The plan was to circle back to join the main path that led to the camp, where Crow could stumble upon the Tolmec outpost and effect his capture. They had reasoned that this would deflect the enemy from thinking that there might be others even closer to the camp.
The trail was narrow, winding through features of the land that made a bypass flanking impossible. Up here there was only one way and the trail was it, making it so ideal for their escape. They descended from the height, the river glinting in front of them a short distance ahead. The moonlight sparkled on the surface play of the current. At the bottom, the two friends stopped. With just the two of them alone and deep in enemy territory, they felt closer to each other than ever, and neither would ever forget the moment.
Tell my mother that I thought of her and wish well for her. Crows voice turned husky. Makar blinked back his tears and struggled to speak but could not. One last shake of hands, then they separated. Crow strode purposefully into the darkness, toward the main path and hurried towards his destiny.
Makar stayed a long while looking after his friend as he faded into the dim light. He checked the sky, judged the time to be halfway to morning and started back, climbing the steep incline. With every step his heart ached at having to leave Crow behind to face their enemies alone. Chaiko, why did you tell him to do such a foolish thing?
Crow found the main pathway easily, but right away he went aside and found a hiding place among some bushes nearby. He lay down to wait for daylight. He wanted the Tolmecs to see him coming and have time to prepare for him; time enough for them to work out that they would want a prisoner rather than a dead body. Or so he hoped; anyway he did not want to come upon them in surprise. At one point they had thought to have Makar oversee the capture to confirm it, but they decided against it, not wanting to risk the whole plan by Makar being seen somehow and instigating a search for others. No, it was to appear that a lone man was scouting the Tolmec camp.
The trouble with waiting was that it left no time for anything else, except worry. So he worried as he waited for daybreak. After an eternity the sun rose with tantalizing slowness. Still Crow had to wait. He needed the sun higher, since he was coming from the east and out of the sun, likely blinding the sentinels on their perch.
Finally he judged it time to go. Acutely conscious of this moment of destiny, he took a deep breath, stepped into the open and proceeded up the path, zigzagging back and forth at a crouch, from cover to cover. It had to look as if he were trying to sneak up on a camp he suspected but did not know where. His heart hammered in his chest, as he neared the guard post to the right and somewhat above the path behind a screen of bushes. He ran up and dropped behind a rock and peered around it acting the scout. What if this morning the guard were asleep, or too bored with watching to see him? What if they had changed their position in the meantime?
He sprinted and dropped behind the next cover. There was no reaction from the post above. Should he make some noise? Kick a rock, perhaps? Something believable. His heart was pounding, but behind it was a rising irritation at the Tolmecs; why were they not doing their duty?
Suddenly there was a challenge from the front and he looked up to see two painted Tolmecs facing him, spears ready in their thrower. Crow heard a noise behind him and knew his way was blocked. Good! He froze. Again there was a harsh staccato of words aimed at him. Crow dropped his spear and remained motionless. He did not want to invite a spear because of an untoward motion. He looked from one painted face to the other, succeeding in looking scared without trying very hard. The Tolmecs conferred briefly, then closed in on him. One pointed a sharp spear at his throat while the other grabbed the discarded spear. Then a blow struck Crow from behind and after a lightning flash of pain the world turned black.
When he came to there was a throbbing pain at the back of his head and he heard himself groaning. The dust of the path was in his nose and he felt his cheek smashed against the ground. As feelings of nausea filled his stomach, his whole insides quivered. He tried to move but found his hands tied securely behind his back. He moved his arms cautiously, but they were attached with a thong that looped around his neck, warning him by tightening around his throat.
Seeing that he was conscious, two Tolmecs grabbed him by an arm and jerked him to his feet. He swayed as a wave of dizziness hit him. There was a taste of blood in his mouth and a burning on his lips told him they were split. Had they hit him while he was down? He swallowed the rising bile that was searing the back of his throat. He coughed weakly and spat up some blood.
A warrior slung a rope around his neck, gave it a jerk and Crow stumbled forward. There were more exchanges of incomprehensible words as the three of them started up the path. Crow staggered on, helpless, sick with the shakiness of his insides. This time he did not have to pretend. He was weak and powerless. But things were going along just as planned.
******
On the hillside overlooking the camp, Chandar and Makar were peering anxiously east of the path. The camp was stirring slowly. Women came out of the grass huts to start fires and generally bustled about. Children ran around in groups and a few warriors sauntered in the open spaces scratching themselves and yawning. The camp gave a picture of peace if not contentment.
Should they not be bringing him by now? Makar asked worriedly.
Soon, Chandar answered, looking at his companion. The other was a nervous type who did not know how to hide his feelings, Chandar concluded, but then why should he under the circumstances? Was it not enough that he was here, while others were still hopefully under their covers back home at the cave?
Maybe they have killed him already! Makar was chewing on himself. You know we worried about that. The other merely nodded. He knew that no matter what words of reassurance he poured into him the other would still be worrying. Well, let him worry then.
Isnt it time yet? asked Makar for the fifth time, fidgeting uncomfortably.
There was a movement along the path. Look! Chandar pointed, unnecessarily, for Makar knew where to look. Down below they saw the three, two Tolmecs with the prisoner shuffling between them. At this distance, it was unreal for that small figure to be Crow. Makar squinted to make out some detail. Hes tied up fast. I dont think he can move his hands! That was not a good sign.
As the procession moved along, a crowd quickly gathered and followed, attracted by the novelty of a captive on display. The man in front jerked on the lead rope at times, causing Crow to lurch forward, choking. The one in back would prod him with his spear to help him along. They arrived at the perimeter of the camp and instantly drew an even larger crowd. Chandar lost sight of Crow in the press of bodies as it seemed every one of the children and women wanted to pinch the captive. There was a back and forth sway of the crowd as they made their way through the confusion of the huts toward the centre of the camp. More curious onlookers were attracted by the spectacle of a lone prisoner being brought in. Poor Crow, thought Chandar, but what a brave man to have chosen this. Beside him, Makar was nervously letting his breath whistle through his teeth.
Then they lost sight of Crow in the confusion of the press until a warrior strode into the heart of the congestion and cleared some space around the hapless captive. The procession moved on, converging on a tallish hut in the center of the encampment. Chandar and Makar waited for something to happen but for a long time nothing did. The two watchers on the hill blinked; had they missed something vital? They strained their eyes until they started to water.
Can you see anything? Makar asked, worry on his face. The other just shook his head. Nothing seemed to be happening below. Did these people do anything with themselves all day? Shouldnt they be hunting? Or getting firewood? But no, just seemingly senseless milling about.
We should take turns, Chandar finally said. His eyes were bothering him from the effort. You take first watch. He slid down behind the rock and closed his eyes gratefully. The plan called for them to watch and wait. Nothing was expected until dark, around the middle of the night. This was supposed to be an adventure, Chandar thought ruefully, but so far they had mostly waited and worried. Finally he dropped into a fitful sleep.
When he woke, he could not believe that he had slept in the middle of such a desperate undertaking. The sun stood high in the sky, well past midday. Why did you not wake me? he demanded of Makar.
Why? There was nothing to see. And I could not sleep like you, retorted Makar irritably. His eyes were red, his mind unsettled having lost the fight against his imagination.
Chandar looked to where he had last seen Crow and not finding him, looked all around. Did you see Crow again?
No. Not after losing him in the crowd This was most unsatisfactory. According to plan their role was to watch and keep track. Now they didnt know where the girls were and had lost Crow.
Well, it is my turn. You rest, Chandar the older commanded. Makar shrugged his shoulders, and slid down out of view. Resting or on watch, his fear-blown fantasies continued to torment him.
Chandar checked the camp thoroughly, from one end to the other but noted nothing unusual. There were fewer people about, as they seemed to have withdrawn into the huts to rest from the brightness and the heat of midday. Soon, Chandar was lulled by the random motion of the few that seemed about. He bit his lip sharply, to awaken his mind with the stab of pain. Crow is risking his life down there. The least you can do is stay sharp on lookout, he remonstrated with himself. He started over, examining the camp again, checking for any telltale sign, someone on guard before a hut, perhaps, or maybe a hut without a fire near. The trouble was, since their position was on the hill to the north of the camp and since almost without exception the entrances to the huts were on the south side, they were looking onto the back end of the huts, unaware of what took place in front. Maybe they should have chosen the hills on the other side, but then the river would have cut them off from the camp.
Stubbornly, he kept on, section by section, examining the camp but without any reward. He then let his eyes rove freely, trying to catch any movement, but mostly found only children intent on entertaining themselves. Soon Chandar had a headache and he had to look in the far distance of the hills to relax his eyes. From where they were, the plain was not even visible.
Nothing much happened among the Tolmecs until late that day. A group of about forty strong arrived from the east and seemed to carry wounded slung into skins. Even from a distance, it was obvious that a few were hurt, some limping badly. In spite of its burdens and injuries, the procession moved quickly into camp.
What could this be? Chandar and Makar looked at each other amazed. Wounded? In a battle with the clan? They hoped that nothing untoward had happened to Baer and the others.
The new arrivals seemed to stir up the camp as there was a fresh wave of comings and goings. What did this all mean? But they could find no purpose in the confusion of movements.
Makar held Chaiko somehow responsible for all this. Had not Crow said Chaiko had told him? Well Chaikos plan was obviously failing. Instead of rescuing the girls, they now had lost one more to their enemies.
Where was Crow? Where were Lana and Ido? Those questions pumped through the blood stream with each beat of their heart.
******
Lana and Ido were lost in the darkness of their hut, disoriented from lack of something happening. It seemed they had been forgotten, just wasting away in their own dirt. Last night the flat-faced woman had come to give them food and had retied their leashes but had not tied their hands. It was a strange gesture for with their hands free, they could easily free themselves from these constraints. But they did not.
Ido was drifting either in sleep or in a world of fantasy. Her speech at times made little sense. Certainly the words were understandable but they were strung together strangely. The light seeks out the darkness. The shadow escapes from the light in its own casting... What could she have meant by it?
At times, Lana engaged her in some talk, wondering what the cave would be doing just then. She kept her topic carefully happy, about small everyday things. Slowly Ido would be tempted out of her inner dialogue and she would join in until they had ground the subject into meaninglessness. Struggling to stay in the present, Ido would hang onto her every word, until Lanas voice got hoarse, tired and dry from thirst. They would lapse into silence and the darkness would claim them both.
Lana thought about escape. Directly or indirectly all her thoughts returned to it. She had little concrete information to work with, so she compiled a list of all she needed. If they were to escape they needed a plan. But she knew so little of their whereabouts. By tracking the pinpoint of sunlight that pierced the side of the hut, she figured out where south was, but was sure of little else.
She should have paid closer attention to things when she was carried here, like the layout of the camp, its location in the hills, where exactly was this hut in the maze of others. To escape they needed direction at the very least. But she had been in a daze that nothing much penetrated. Besides she had been on the shoulder of the lout who had brought her in, her head hung upside down, further disorienting her. Now she did not know which way to flip the few things she did see. Was the river to the left or right? What was to the north anyway?
Earlier in the day there was a wave of commotion that swept by the hut, but the sounds made no sense. Very quietly she undid her leash, tiptoed over to the wall and with her fingers she worried the grass apart until a small hole gave her access to the world outside. Hungrily, she put an eye to the hole, but drew back with a gasp of pain as a burst of light pierced it. Slower this time she neared the hole, letting her eyes adapt and grow accustomed to the brightness of the outside world. Into this tiny hole a slice of view of the outside unfolded. People were moving about, some this way, some another, giving no clue as to what was happening or even if there was some reason or purpose to their movements. Disappointed she pulled back; she had expected so much more from that peek. She had, however, noted the hills to the south by the look of the shadows though she was not sure of the time of day. She guessed from a line of willows that the river must lie there also, then carefully closed the hole again.
With equal care, she repeated the process on the other side and was rewarded by a view to the north. A line of huts, then the hillside towering over them quite close. Her heart skipped a beat. That was the way to go.
Suddenly there was a fresh commotion outside and though she was tempted to look, she did not want to be surprised free of her leash. She went back to her place and slipped her leash over her head. She cloaked herself in dejection to mislead her captors.
Slowly her heart slowed and settled into a normal rhythm and she could breathe freely again. A plan was slowly taking shape but she did not want to spoil it by prematurely hurrying. But she did have a sense that she was doing something against her captivity, gathering information for their escape and planning. She was resisting. But wait, do not resist too much! Look weak and harmless. Pretend to be cowed. Just a slip of a young girl, frightened and trembling in the horrible camp of these strangers. Bah! She could act out this fantasy so easily!
Then to reward herself, she thought about Baer, Tanya and Chaiko. She turned her thoughts to Crow and Chandar. What were they doing this moment? Which, she asked herself, which one was she going to choose?
******
At that very moment Crow was on full display. He was tied firmly to a post in front of a hut, helpless to move. A warrior stood beside him with a spear in his hand. He was set there not to guard the prisoner but to keep the crowds away. But when a comely young woman came and talked with him, the guard had no objection when she examined the prisoner up close. She was very curious. She stood on tiptoe and peered into his eyes. She tried to lift his lips to look at his teeth, but he closed his mouth firmly. She shook her head and said something. Her eyes were not soft, Crow noted. She grabbed his nose and held it closed and would not let it go till he gasped through his mouth for air. She had made her point, and when she reached for him again, he did not resist her probing examination of his mouth. She tousled his hair, feeling the texture of it. Crow had crossed the river and thus his hair was relatively clean and silky and it attracted her attention. Next she ran her hands over his shoulder along the curve of his arm that led behind his back and was tied so solidly. She caressed the smoothness of his skin, probed the firmness of his muscles and pinched to check their depth. She said something and a small crowd answered her back.
Her hand rested on his throat, the pulse of his heart under her fingers. She pushed there just enough to make her point again; you are at my mercy. Crow closed his eyes to hide a flash of anger at her.
Next, her hands slid slowly down his chest, pausing along the line of the ribs, then ventured lower to the flatness of his stomach. Her touch lingered there then slowly descended. Her eyes were watching his, curiously intent, waiting for his reaction. Then through his cloth she grabbed his penis and gave it a squeeze. He hissed in startled surprise but forced himself to endure her examination. Then she massaged him and continued to watch his eyes, her curiosity hard and penetrating, without any empathy. The crowd roared in encouragement. Crow could not help the hardening, the shame of such a thing happening in front of his enemies. He wanted to hide in the darkness behind closed eyes but did not want to give her the satisfaction. A hunger grew in her look, and she grasped him more firmly, needing the full span of her hand. Then quickly she raised the skin to show the crowd his growth. The crowd roared its approval then laughed, like the neighing of horses, without a trace of humor. His humiliation was complete, but still he did not shut his eyes but looked straight into hers. Anger seethed beneath, but he told his heart to be still, be very still.
Abruptly a warrior came from the hut to see what all the hilarity was about. His eyes scanned the tableau in front of him, then with the stick he carried, he hit the young woman across her back. The woman cried out in startled pain then ran into the crowd, instantly disappearing. The warrior gave a dismissive wave of his hand and the crowd pulled back, subdued. He then turned a cold eye on the prisoner. Crow realized that this had not been done to protect him in any way or spare his finer feelings; the man had chased the crowd away because they had dared to disturb the meeting of the leaders inside.
After that Crow was left alone. A cluster of flies landed on him and in his helplessness he could do little about it but to roll his head ineffectually from side to side. The choke about his throat tightened sharply and he had to desist. Whoever tied it back at the outpost had done a good job with it, for it had not given all day, not even slackening a bit. His arms were also bound tight and useless, around his wrists then again above his elbows. He could do nothing about it, but would have to, for he needed to escape and escape he must! His plan, he found, needed a plan of its own.
Chaiko, he thought. But this time Chaiko stayed silent. Chaiko! he called on him again, but the silence remained. A sense of desperation swept over him. Chaiko, I need you now! he pleaded. This time Chaiko answered, Trust yourself! Do your own thinking. The next time, he thought the inner voice spoke to him in his own voice. Lets make plans. Then it added Chaikos dictum, Dont rule out the impossible too quickly. A plan slowly took shape. A risky, life-threatening plan but he had no other choice; he had to win back some freedom of movement.
The sun was becoming hot and Crow was in its full glow. His skin was uncomfortably hot. His mouth was dry. They had poured some water over him and he lapped it up greedily. That was just after he had first arrived in camp, a very long time ago. His knees buckled and the choke gave a warning tightening around his throat. He straightened in a hurry and the tension relaxed. A wave of weakness hit him and again his knees gave way; he gurgled a choked-off sound as the noose tightened. He painfully straightened and he hacked and coughed. The guard came to look him over but did not touch him.
Crow looked up at the sky, cloudless, bright. There was a pair of fish eagles above, wheeling and swooping in precise synchrony. Then they would grab each others talons locking themselves together and spin with outstretched wings in a graceful, deadly spiral, falling out of the sky. They neared the ground, not letting go until the very last instant before hitting ground. Crow shut his eyes gratefully, sure that it was a sign meant for him. Now, if he could have the eagles courage.
Crows knees suddenly buckled under him. A choked sound was squeezed from his mouth as the leash tightened around his throat. His legs trembled with the strain but would not straighten to relieve the pressure around his neck. A need for air quickly filled him, and his stomach heaved convulsively, trying desperately to draw some air through the constriction. But it was no use, the air passage was closed shut. A fire filled his lungs and his chest heaved trying to find some air. His body slid further down the pole and the tightness on his neck cut deeper still. A terrible pressure built up behind his eyes and he felt they were going to explode out of their sockets. His legs danced on their own, and from a great distance he felt his bladder and bowels release. A grey mist was closing in on him. He saw the guards face fading, and heard the sound of distant shouting from afar. Then the grayness turned to black and the pain turned to a comforting embrace.
He was floating on the surface of the water, the sun dancing on the waves. Chaiko was there beside him and they dove into the waters chasing the waves and the wind. Over all that, he heard Lanas voice singing the sweetest of melodies and his heart was bursting with the sadness of having to leave this life. Then the blackness he was holding back winked in a final burst of brilliance.

Crow surfaced suddenly into total pain and agony. His throat hurt with the burning of fire and his head was pounding. Every part of his body ached from having been spanned beyond its limits. His eyes had fallen out, of that he was sure, and that was why he could not blink. There was a great pounding in his chest and a roaring in his ears. Who was whistling? he thought irritably. Then he realized it was his own breath trying to get past his swollen throat. His chest heaved up and down, pulling air into him, but never again was he going to get enough air. Never again. Dying would have been easier. BUT HIS HANDS WERE FREE! The guard must have cut him loose to save him.
Someone poured water over him and he sputtered, trying to drink to ease his great thirst, trying at the same time to get some more air into his body. He swallowed; a searing pain reached into his stomach. Yes, dying would have been much easier.
Slowly he became aware of his surroundings. He was lying where he had fallen at the foot of the post that held him. There was again a crowd excited by the spectacle of near death. A leader was haranguing the guard who was shrugging his shoulders defensively. The leader looked at the prisoner and gave him a vicious kick. Just what the prisoner needed.
After that they left him alone in the dust where he had fallen. The crowd drifted away for something more interesting than a hapless man who had soiled himself. The guard stayed by him, his face hard and unsympathetic.
A little later the guard lifted him to his feet, but Crow collapsed in the dust. The guard tried again, but Crow fell down as soon as he was let go, gasping in great pain. He let his body sink, moaning, helpless, a wretched man. The guard left him there, let him roll about in his own throw-up and excrement. Crow was grateful to be alone and tried to recover his strength, but his feebleness increased. His eyes were bloodshot and ached horribly, not to mention the rest of his body.
Suddenly there was a fresh commotion and a crowd again surged to the leaders hut. What was this? Crow looked but remained where he was, occasionally groaning weakly. This time all the leaders came out, the crowd pulling back respectfully to make space for them. Then several painted warriors were pushed in front of the leaders. Some had ugly burns upon their bodies, others ugly wounds on their legs. Some of them seemed to be limping. All kept their eyes down, furtively hiding their faces from the crowd.
One of the wounded men spoke, his voice halting and hesitant. Angry murmurs sounded from the crowd and swelled. The hook-nosed leader strode forward and unleashed such a torrent of biting, angry words that the men lowered their heads in shame. Cringing, their wounded leader offered his chief a shaft of wood and talked apologetically. The leader looked at the piece of wood and Crow recognized a talon. A burst of joy flashed through him; this man was reporting a defeat at the hands of the clan and the chief did not like it! Finally, the leader stopped all explanations, stabbed down with the talon, and the other straightaway dropped to the ground, blood flowing from his shoulder, twice wounded by the same talon. Wisely, he stayed down. The next in line cringed before his leader, offered up some excuse and pointed at Crow. What was this!? It flashed through Crow, what did this man have to do with him? Never saw him!
The leaders and the whole crowd turned on the prisoner still prone on the ground. Hook-Nose strode over to him and poked him experimentally with his stick. He barked at the guard, who reached down and jerked Crow upright. Crow staggered back and hung onto the post but would have fallen had not the guard held onto him. The leader peered into Crows face measuring him. He said a few cutting words, but Crow just drooled and his eyes fluttered dangerously, rolling to the back of his head. Muttering irritably the guard slammed him against the post and tried to shake him back to consciousness.
Hook-Nose barked and then strode up and down, impatiently. Crow closed his eyes and groaned. What did these people want from him? He could not understand the language, nor could they his. He knew only one word, somana, bleed, and he was doing that already. He sought refuge in the darkness behind his eyes.
Crow!! he heard and his eyes flew open. There before him stood Lana and Ido, both with horrified expressions on their faces. I must be a sight, he thought. Lana, he tried to say, but the words merely croaked past his lips.
What have they done to you? Lana asked horrified.
The leader spit out something again, and hands grabbed the girls and dragged them away. Lana, Crow tried desperately to call after them, his eyes trying to hold them in view.
The leader turned and pointed at Crow, then motioned after the girls. This was important; Crow tried to concentrate. He must be saying that I must have come to rescue the girls, and they are probably laughing at what danger a fool would brave to taste the pleasures of a woman. The lewd expression was unmistakable and the crowd guffawed its appreciation of their leaders wit. Hook-Nose waved his hand, dismissing everything.
The guard let Crow go, and he promptly collapsed hitting the ground hard. He groaned and kept on groaning. The leader barked something again, most likely, Take this piece of garbage from the place of council; I dont want to hear its moaning and certainly do not want to smell its dirt ...do something with it... But what? Two men grabbed Crows limp body and dragged him unceremoniously over the ground, his head rolling from side to side. Finally, they threw his unconscious form inside a hut and let the skin covering drop to seal in the darkness.

Chapter 22
In the darkness of the hut, Lana sat dejected like a limp piece of fur. She had been so shocked by the violence done to Crows body that she could think of nothing else. He was dying! The thought coursed through her body like a lash. Again and again, he is dying, bringing a fresh stab of pain upon herself. The pain was good. It distracted her from having to think beyond it. She could not imagine her life without him. He had always been there. And she had taken him for granted.
Dear Crow, you are my best friend. There is no one like you. No one. She cried, soundless sobs into the darkness. What a wretched creature I am. I am alive and my friend is dead. I so thought we were meant for each other. Soul mates you have said. And I thought nothing could separate us.
Suddenly a hand touched her and she jumped. It was Ido, wanting to give and receive comfort. The two girls hung onto each other like two young birds lost in a storm far from all safety and everything they knew. Ido was deeply shocked by Crows abject condition. Their friend was half-dead and in the midst of their enemies, none of whom cared the least bit about him. He was lost as they were lost at the mercy of these louts. It was said of them that they ate their captives, tearing out their hearts still pumping their last.
They cried and cried, hanging onto each other, stroking each other comfortingly. Slowly the sobs and racks subsided, each feeling burned out. Lana wished she was dead. But the curse and the blessing of youth was that it could not stop its hunger for living, not for long anyway. Soon, she was looking for reasons to live again. She had to rescue Ido. She had to escape so as not to hurt her parents. The faces of Baer and Tanya came to her to console her. Then, of course, Chaiko, Think not with your fears ... let not sorrow blind you ... Here, she was doing both.
The flat-faced woman came in again with some food. She waited while they ate, jabbering sternly at them. Try as she would, Lana could not understand a single word or intent. What was she so upset about? She put her food down, looked at the woman, pointed to herself and said Lana. The woman looked offended in some way and jabbered at her again. There was a hard look about her that had not been there previously. Lana shrugged silently then returned to her food. Must be getting near evening, she reasoned, for that was when they feed us. She finished the last morsel and drank from a leather cup all she could, then tried to look gratefully at the woman. But the flat face only frowned back at her.
When they were both done, the woman motioned to them and started tying Ido who was closer.
Not again! Lana protested silently, her mind thinking feverishly. Something must have happened to upset their captors. Last night they had been left untied. When the woman was tying her hands, she clenched her fist to give her some slack to work with, but the woman noticed and gave a stinging slap to her face and pulled the binding tight. Lana remonstrated with herself. Do not give them any reason to be cautious. Be helpless, be harmless, be ready.
The light streaming in the cracks slowly faded and the sounds from the outside receded as people fell asleep. Lana stayed awake. A deadly boredom replaced the earlier burst of emotions. She hoped that Crow was still alive somewhere, hopefully not left bleeding in the dirt out there. He had looked so injured and defeated, his face so bruised and swollen, spittle hanging from his mouth.
Briefly she struggled against her bonds, trying to find a more comfortable position, but had to give up the attempt, for as soon as she moved, her bindings tightened. No matter, one day, they would relax their guard and that day she and Ido would escape. The thought warmed her somewhat as she indulged herself with more fantasies that turned to how she would avenge herself against her captors.
She wondered what part of the night it was. She should get her sleep and save her strength, for it would surely be needed. There was a deep quiet outside, not a sound to be heard. Inside there was the quiet steady rhythm of Idos breathing. Then against the back wall of the hut a mouse started scurrying back and forth. She hated mice, as she hated all vermin, and hated snakes ... Hope this was not a snake trying to get in! She listened, her ears sharp with tension. It was a snake, she could hear its scales scraping against the grass and reeds. A big snake by the sound of it. Her heart pounded furiously and her breath became ragged. She pulled herself together as tight as she could, making herself small. Nice snake, good snake ... go somewhere else. But the sounds only increased.
Then she felt the lightest touch against her skin and she gasped out her horror. The snake hissed at her warningly. It was very close to her by the sound of it. Again it hissed, Pssss. Be quiet, the snake warned. Her heart was going to explode, she knew, but chilled instead. Snakes do not speak, especially not clan words!
What !!? she stammered into the darkness, and something touched her, felt her naked arms then her breast.
It is all right, it is me, the darkness tried to reassure.
Whos you? Lana insisted, her heart in her mouth now.
Crow, who else? You saw me outside today. What was the matter with her?
Crow??! her voice broke, but she whispered, I thought... we thought you were dead..?
I pretty nearly was, Crow replied rubbing his neck, but the rest was acting. I have learned a few things from Makar, you know, the voice chuckled.
You dont sound quite yourself.
My throat hurts. His fingers were exploring her bindings, working at the knots. By thunder, he swore, these people know how to tie people up. But he persisted and after a little time, had her free. She rubbed her wrists gratefully. He slipped her leash and she peered toward him in the dark wondering why things were so unreal, wondering if she were really talking to herself. But she was afraid to reach for him, because if this was a dream, it was a very nice dream. Did they not tie you up? she demanded, suddenly suspicious of this dream.
Oh, yeah. These people would tie up even a corpse. Sure, I was pretending to be so weak and helpless, but they still tied me up solid. But I had a piece of flint hidden on me and I cut myself free.
What are you doing here, anyway? You will be punished most severely if they catch you.
Why, I am rescuing you, of course. What did you think? That sounded more like Crow, but it also proved she was dreaming after all. Much too good to be true!
There is a plan to all this, you know. Me, Chandar and Makar made it up. They are waiting for us in the hills. The dream was becoming even stranger still. Chandar and Makar near?
The Voice took her hands and led them to his face and she could feel his split lips, the swollen cheek and eyes. Yes, this was Crow, had to be.
Wake up Ido, gently and quietly. You tell her all this. I do not want to surprise her. The shadow pulled back.
Lana crawled on all fours to Ido, found her, then lightly shook the sleeping girl. It is me. Lana. Be quiet. Stay still. Wake up. She shook the girl a little more roughly this time.
Ido mumbled something, then awoke. What? What is it? she asked, her voice hushed but intense.
We are going to escape. Now dont cry out. But Crow is here with us. He is all right. Makar and Chandar are in the hills waiting for us. This confused Ido completely.
C ...row? The girl stuttered in confusion. After considerable fumbling, Lana untied the bindings and cast them aside.
Yes, Crow, Lana reassured her. She turned toward the darkness and commanded, Crow, tell her you are there. But the darkness did not answer. Suddenly it coursed through her again that this was a dream after all! Crow??!
Yes, I am here, the voice whispered. Now come give me your hands. I have made a hole in the wall, so follow me. When the moon is not hiding, it is lighter outside and we will be able to see quite well. For now, it is dark, but that will hide us. One by one he guided the girls to the hole and helped them through. There was the wetness of dew all around, but it was dark with only a faint glimmer of light in the sky. Crow pulled the grass and reeds back into place. He said, Wait! then disappeared. Where did he go, now? The two girls held onto each other, slowly adjusting to the dim light.
Crow was back. That should surprise them, he said highly pleased with himself. Keep them busy and perhaps cover our escape.
What? Lana demanded.
Ill tell you later. Now Lana, give me your hand, and follow me. Ido hang onto Lana. And please be quiet.
Thus, with Crow pulling, they proceeded through the enemy camp. They were careful to avoid coming too close to huts but still stay in their shadows. The moon emerged from behind the cloud and illuminated the landscape generously. Crow dropped to the ground and pulled the girls on top of him. There, they remained motionless, much aware of each others heartbeats and a few other sensations. Then when the moonlight faded, they scrambled to their feet again. They were almost through the last line of huts, heading for the slope of the hill, where Crow could see the zigzag path that soon disappeared among the rocks. Just a few more steps, he said, then stumbled in the darkness across a branch and a twig broke with a resounding snap. They froze, hearts hammering. There was a small noise to their left, but nothing more. Crow started to breathe again. He pulled the girls along and soon they were past the last of the huts, then on the open meadow.
Crow felt naked in the open, but the light was dim and even if they had guards out this way, it was unlikely they would see them. He kept a close watch on the sky and when the moon appeared again, he pulled the girls down into a depression while they waited for the darkness which came soon enough. The last few steps they ran, then rested at the foot of the hill. Crow scanned the way carefully and listened into the silence. Once on the hill they would be most visible, exposed to the full light. He watched the sky again for a big black cloud to obscure the moon. He tried not to look directly at it, fearing he would blind himself by the brightness of its glow. When the darkness passed over them, he hurried the girls upon the path. From now on it would be speed to get off this open section. They were panting hard by the time they reached a profusion of rocks and collapsed gratefully in their shadow.
Are we safe, yet? Lana asked, her breath going rapidly in and out.
No. One is only safe under ones cover in the cave with the whole clan on guard, Crow quipped, chuckling at his own witticism.
Hrump, came back from the darkness.
The rest was uneventful, tiring perhaps, right up to the very top of the ridge. Crow led the girls into a shadow and told them to stay. He was going to explore ahead. Somewhere near, he calculated, Chandar and Makar should be waiting for them. In fact, he was surprised that they had not already been challenged. Then the thought occurred to him that they might have been discovered and fear filled him. He moved quietly as any spirit, circling to where he thought they might be. In the darkness it was certainly hard to orient oneself. Then he thought he heard noises. He crawled quietly around a rock outcrop and saw two faint outlines.
Do you see anything? a voice asked. Crow smiled; that would have to be Makar.
No, came the short reply from Chandar, of course. Crow was greatly relieved to find them alone. Then a curious thing happened; instead of jumping up and calling out joyously to his friends, his mouth clamped up and he could utter no sound. He tried to move but could not make himself budge. He started trembling and he shook all over. Belatedly, all he had been through suddenly caught up with him. On the threshold of safety, his will was overwhelmed. Did they really do all that they had done? Hardly seemed possible. But then why did his body refuse to obey him?
Do you see anything?
No, came the bored reply.
Crow was trying to settle his breath, but still his body would not obey him. His mind was filled unaccountably with panic and there was nothing he could do about it.
Do you see anything?
No, nothing yet.
I knew it was not going to work. It was much too risky. Poor Crow, he must already be dead. I hope Ido ... and ... Lana  the night swallowed up the rest of what he hoped.
Crow stopped trembling, but he was still short of breath, and perspiration flooded his face. Again he could not make himself move.
Do you see anything?
No.
I knew it would not work.
With difficulty Crow forced himself up. Lana, he thought and slowly he was able to peel himself away from the rock. Lana, and he could take a step. Lana, and another. Then whatever had held him simply melted and he was free again. A sardonic grin filled his face as he silently came up behind them and asked, Do you see anything?
No, came back the bored reply from both, but then they suddenly turned around astonished. Who said that??! Their mouths hung agape. Crow! the word came out in one rush of breath from Chandar, but he could not in his shock take another.
Crow! whispered Makar, his eyes big as fists, disbelief painted on his face. Then he peered behind Crow, hope dawning in his eyes.
Yes, Crow found his tongue. They are safe. Just hiding a little way back. Let me go and get them. He started going back but Makar grabbed and held onto him, You are not going anywhere again and leaving me behind to eat myself. Chandar agreed with that, and the three of them went back on the path, to stop before the girls who stood there, tears streaming down their faces.
Makar rushed to Ido, grabbed her, hugged her, held her off to look, then hugged her again so tight that she had difficulty breathing. I should escape the Tolmecs, to die in your arms? she said softly. The glee in his face instantly vanished, replaced by great concern. She smiled at him sweetly, gratefully. She knew that Crow and Chandar had come for Lana, but now she knew with absolute certainty that Makar had come for her. He had been there for her all along; she had just refused to see it before.
There was great relief for them all at this reunion. Chandar approached Lana carefully, not pressing his presence into her view. After all, it was Crow who offered himself up for her, who risked death and suffered, and he was the one who effected her escape. All he and Makar did was wait and wait and wait. But something of her mother showed, in grace and bearing, as Lana went over to Chandar, put her palm to his face and gently, gently caressed it. The big man, more than ten years older, cried large tears in silence. The tension had been unbearable for them all. Here upon the hill tops the five of them found themselves deep in enemy territory, bathed in moonlight that came and went, and knew that nothing in this life would ever be the same again. In this defining moment of their triumph, they finally knew themselves and forged a bond that nothing would ever change.
How did you do it? Makar asked Crow, in his heart already composing a great epic, the reward of feelings he had already tasted. But now he needed details.
I would like to tell you but it must wait, for I fear that our enemies will soon be awakening.
How? asked Chandar; the morning was still a long way off.
No time, now. Ill tell you on the way. With that he strode off into the darkness and the rest followed, Chandar bringing up the rear. Crow was setting a fast pace, perhaps not fast for scouts, but certainly for the girls.
They were crossing onto a new ridgeline when Makar looked back and called out in surprise. They all turned to see the camp now far below, suddenly half ablaze. They could see fire jump from one hut to the next, and flare high into the sky, the flames bending in the wind. A faint murmur of sound reached them, then people yelling, flames roaring their pleasure.
How did you do that? Makar asked in complete astonishment. Maybe Chaiko had taught Crow his magic that made him command fire!
There was an ugly gleeful expression on Crows face and his eyes burned in the reflection of the fire he had caused. Abduct my soul-mate? Beat me to death? Threaten clan lands? Well this was the harvest of your hunt. How sweet was revenge. How liberating.
They will be coming after us for sure, now that you woke them up so well, Chandar said partly in admiration, partly because danger had been rekindled against them.
Yes, but not yet. For now they will be busy fighting the fire, and Crows face glowed with sardonic delight.
Chandar nodded, so be it, but he raised his next concern: The girls will need rest soon. Crow nodded in recognition of this fact, but then led the way along the rocks on a zigzag mountain goat path.
Near a place that had a pool of water they rested and watched the last glimpse of the camp still burning. The girls were able to tell their story and the men shuddered with fury at the Tolmecs and their ways. After that the fire in the distance looked even cheerful. Burn, burn, and wreak our vengeance. Then they listened horrified as Crow told them some of his story: to have willingly dared death like that twice was almost incomprehensible. First by being captured and at the enemies whim, then by nearly choking to death by choice, to force his captors to release his hands from the impossibly tight bonds. Though they had tied him up again, it was not nearly as effective as the first. But then the first time he had been their enemy, threatening their camp; the second time he was a half-dead body, or so they believed. He has the look of a wolf sometimes, Lana remarked to herself, but her heart glowed with pride in him.
Oh, Makar, thank you for the small flint shards you hid in the folds of my wrap. They never even came close to finding them and they worked perfectly cutting through my bonds. Makar glowed with pleasure, not at the praise so much as for the recognition of his small contribution to the rescue that had saved his love Ido.
With one last look at the fire still burning below, they moved onto the next line of hills. The rest was just a long tiring walk in the dark. They crossed the river and this time it proved to be surprisingly easy. Perhaps the first time they had been heavy with the dread of their undertaking, uncertain and without a plan. Certainly, on their return they were tired, but much buoyed by their success. Even Chandar found the crossing uneventful, after he made sure to point himself and his wood bundle into the flow, so as not to be pushed sideways by it. He also did not try to fight the current, but let it carry him downstream, patiently working his way across.
They were drying themselves on the other side, on clan land, when they first became aware of their pursuers across the water. They heard them before they saw their numbers, so they had a chance to hide in a dense bush further up the brow of the slope. Beyond stretched the plain, the hunting preserve of the clan. They waited and watched the enemy emerging from the cut in the hill, about thirty of them. They fanned out to either side on the strip of land beside the river. It was not long before they came across the tracks of the five, for a triumphant shout called the rest together. There was a small conference, then the group took a rest.
Wed best be going, Crow said quietly. They moved quickly through the bush then onto the flat plain on the other side. Both Crow and Chandar had been here before with Cosh. Up, some way ahead of them yet, was a narrow place where the path cut through a gap in the ridge. Both Chandar and Crow knew that would be the place to turn upon their enemies if needed. From the high ground they would be able to hold off the horde in pursuit. But first, they had to reach it and it was going to be close. Both men increased their strides, forcing the girls to keep up with them.
At first the pace seemed unnecessary and even excessive, but neither Chandar nor Crow relented. Then as the sounds of pursuit caught up with them, the desperation of their situation became recognizable. They pushed on. The scouts of course were used to it because wherever they went, Cosh wanted to get there fast. With the girls it was a different matter. They were weak from being fed so little over the past days and not being allowed to move about much. So now they were tired and they were still not within sight of the ridge. Makar, too, was hurting from the pace, but he bit his lips and pushed on.
Behind them the sounds of pursuit grew. Then as the five ascended a short rise, the Tolmecs caught sight of them and sounds of jubilation broke from their ranks. They redoubled their efforts, which meant that the five had to find the strength to keep ahead. Crow grabbed Lana and pulled and she did her best to keep up with him. The mettle of her parents showed in her determination. Ido was more of a problem, for she was a year younger and had not yet developed the stamina of the others. It took both Makar and Chandar to pull her along. She, too, made a valiant effort, but the gap was closing noticeably.
They rounded a dense copse of trees, and thankfully, saw ahead of them the line of the ridge cutting across the land. Will we be in time? Chandars eyes asked Crow, but Crow just did not know. Then the pursuers saw the ridge ahead and a fresh wave of exhortation sounded from their ranks. They must be yelling, Faster, faster! Crow thought tiredly. He heard the increased rhythm of the footfalls behind them and pulled Lana harder. But at their present speed she could barely keep her feet under her. Desperately she fought for her balance but she said all the same, Faster, faster. Right behind, Ido was having similar trouble, but she had found a reserve somewhere and fought on in spite of her exhaustion, in spite of the difficulty of making her feet obey. Luckily they had had a good head-start while the Tolmecs had been preoccupied with fighting the fire and had burned up their reserve energies just to catch up with them. But those that followed were spurred on, sensing the fear of their victims.
The ridge loomed up ahead, and behind it rose the sun, its golden radiance so out of place to the participants whose life and death hung in such a narrow balance. Crow was vacillating between yes we can make it, and no we cannot, when there was a slight stumble in the rhythm that he and Lana shared. The sound of pursuit was right behind them and they could expect spears to start flying. Crow felt a peculiar sensation in the middle of his back and any instant expected the bite of a spear. Chandar let go of Idos hand and she nearly fell. It is the stampede all over again, Chandar said to himself, as he whipped Falcon from his back. With a smooth motion he slid a talon from its container, nocked, drew, aimed and released. There was an answering surprised cry of pain. Makar turned also, and he, too, sent a talon flying and drew a wail of anguish. Crow flung Lana on her way then helped Ido to her feet and pushed her up and away. Go! Run! he yelled. Ido staggered after Lana and on toward the ridge just ahead. Crow turned and drew back on Falcon, a talon waiting for a target. Back! he yelled to Chandar and Makar. They looked at him undecided. Walk backwards! Crow shouted. If one of them makes a move, aim at him but dont release. At the same time walk backwards into the gap.
And so the three men kept the horde at bay. Every time a Tolmec ventured to move, three talons were aimed at him and he cowered. Then at a command of their leader, they charged and released a flight of spears. Three talons struck the leader in the chest and he went down instantly, blood bubbling from his mouth. The three men managed to jump out of the rain of spears. The leader trembled once and then was quite still. The rest hesitated, half ready to charge, the others ready to give up the chase. On the one hand, the skinny sticks of their enemy were deadly. On the other a mad rush could easily overwhelm the three young men standing against them. It was ridiculous; they were but boys, not even painted. The fate of both groups thus hung in the narrow balance.
Crow suddenly remembered standing on the hill before, and yelled Somana! Somana! and they all took up the chant, Somana! Bleed! The Tolmecs were paralyzed. Some had heard that cry before and their blood chilled. The rest could not understand why suddenly the enemy hurled this word at them; bleed who? But the hesitation was enough and froze the Tolmecs just long enough for the girls to reach the gap. The three backed up a step at a time, covering the Tolmecs with the talons. Somana, somana, bleed, you bastards. After a while the word lost its meaning and sounded like the bleating of mountain sheep. They stopped yelling, but they had arrived at a narrow place of safety, in the closeness of the gap. At least here they could not be outflanked and taken from the side. They retreated deeper and paused near the top with a great view of their enemy.
The Tolmecs followed them, but as experienced warriors they knew it would be senseless to charge into such a narrow place, with an enemy so intent and with such a deadly weapon at his command. If the unpainted others stayed at the top, it would be suicide to rush them. If they vacated the height, then the Tolmecs would have a chance to catch them in a broad attack in the open. But the enemy made no move to change their position. After some discussion the Tolmecs collected their dead leader, packed two of their wounded and retreated beyond the farther line of trees.
The five young people looked at each other. It had been such a close thing. But just like with the stampede, all three had done the right thing at the right time, and saved themselves. Makar suggested they could go since the Tolmecs had retreated, but both Chandar and Crow had faced them before and had a healthy respect for their cunning and war guile. No, Crow shook his head, if we move off here they will be following us again.
The problem now was that they were stuck here too. Chandar said, Maybe not. Lets test it out. Lets pretend to leave, then come back and see if they reveal their intentions. That sounded like a good plan and they made a great show of leaving, then dropped down just out of view and crawled back. Not yet, Not yet. Crow told them, but he wondered how long they dared to wait. Then he said, Now. They rose and caught the Tolmecs in the open running for the gap. A frustrated shout went up from them and the rush ground to a halt. The three young men pointed their talons and the Tolmecs retreated before them. They sat down before the trees and doubtless discussed their position.
Well, that answers that, Crow said and they also sat down in the open to be visible. The girls came to join them. Lana leaned on Crow who glowed in her attention. Ido sat close to Makar with her hand around his waist. Chandar looked from one to the other and frowning pulled on his chin and said to Crow, You have risked your lives to save the girls. You have earned your happiness. You four go and let me stay here to hold the Tolmecs back. When they get tired they will just go away and I will follow you. A silence greeted this proposition as they thought it through.
Then Lana showed again she was her parents daughter when she said, Either we all go or we all stay, but nobody is going to leave anybody behind. They all nodded at that, except Chandar.
It is my turn to be noble, and I wish you would all give me a chance to prove it, he said, all the nobility glowing in his face.
If we were not friends before we are now, Ido said with quiet conviction. I could never leave a friend behind. As she recalled how she and Lana were alone in a hut among the Tolmecs and stood naked in front of them, the heat of shame filled her.
Crow remembered, not long ago, leaving his best friend behind to face certain death, and the agony after that, and knew that death itself was preferable to those feelings. We all stay, he said so simply and with so much authority that no one thought to question it. But I thank you, friend, and he put his arm around Chandar and patted him affectionately.
So the two sides sat mustering each other with many sour looks. Makar was the only one who was reasonably happy; why, he was living in a great saga that needed to be set to words. This time he would be composing about his own exploits.
Crow gradually grew agitated by the stand-off and started to talk: They dare not go back and face their leader with news of this defeat. I saw how they rewarded failure there. But then the real leader is dead, we killed him. So whoever is leading them is unsure of his rank as yet. Maybe we can encourage him to make a decision. The others looked at him wondering. These painted sons of the hyena dont belong in our land, Crow continued, rage growing in his voice. They do not have rights here to steal our bison, to abduct our women, and to treat us as if we were of no account... He jumped to his feet and yelled toward the Tolmecs the only word he knew, Somana, Somana, Somana ... Soon all of them were up and yelling. Somana! Somana!
The Tolmecs looked upon them with surprise. What meant this bleeding? Bleed who? But the Tolmecs were, among other things, a superstitious lot, and were beginning to get the distinct feeling that these others knew something that they did not and that they were trying to warn them about somana. There were a few within their group who were starting to mutter about demons and bones rattling and fire falling from the sky.
Then they saw something unexpected that froze their marrow. The five were coming down the hill toward them, yelling, waving their strange sticks. Then there was a whistling in the air and a talon struck one of them in the shoulder. Another was plunged into a groin, the talon sticking into a soft belly. Suddenly the Tolmecs understood the meaning of somana. These demons were going to bleed them to death! All the Tolmecs seemed to come to the same realization at once and jumped to their feet. They started to yield ground but soon the retreat turned into rout as they ran to put some distance between themselves and those whistling death sticks. They had the decency to drag their wounded with them and take their dead. This time their retreat was not a feint and their sounds rapidly faded into the distance.
Left to themselves on the field, the five looked at each other in wonder. They had done it! Somehow against all odds they had done it. They had visited revenge on the Tolmecs for all their insolence and taught them a few things.
See? Crow pointed out to the others. Just like I said. These are sons of hyenas, attracted to bloodletting when the blood is not their own, but let them bleed a little and they will run faster than rabbits. Lana ran to him, melting into his arms. Chandar pounded him on the back and Makar, in their new found friendship, laid his hand on him in praise and in thankfulness. Crow smiled and remembered Chaikos saying: When life is good, at times it can be very good.

Chapter 23
The clan was camped in front of the cliff-cave. The night before, they had stayed in the cave itself, but that had proved nearly impossible. Crowded together in its limited, narrow place, their biggest problem was a private location to relieve oneself, other than a leather bucket in the farthest recess of the cave. Going outside after dark was out of the question, as the path was tricky enough to negotiate even in full daylight. For normal living the cliff-cave was unsuitable. So they had to set up camp on the ground beneath, thinking to withdraw to the cave if there was any sign of trouble. To give them an early warning, they posted some guards among the rocks to the west.
It was interesting, Chaiko remarked to himself, how people adjusted to their changed circumstances. On the whole the hunters barely noticed the inconvenience, for they were used to camping outside on longer hunts. As the saying went, a hunter needed his spear, something to hunt and the occasional pleasure of a good woman. That would then be quickly corrected to a woman. The saying never failed to spawn a chuckle at least from the hunters.
No, it was the women who missed their normal dwelling and quiet routines. But then, they were responsible for the smooth, everyday flow of the clans life. Not surprisingly, it was Calla who was most vocal about her complaints on this score. Why cant we go back to our cave? We are no better off here in the open and certainly much less comfortable. At least from the old cave we can see a long way and we have water near at hand that does not have to be lugged from such a distance... And she could go on and on. Sometimes Kor wished he could see better and hear less.
Dawn was tending to Yael, seeking comfort and pleasure from the warm, little body snuggled so close to her, sucking at her breast greedily. The swollen nipple popped out of his mouth as he gulped down a mouthful of his mothers milk. In the mornings she felt so distended that it was such a relief to have him suck himself full. She gave him her other breast. Ouhh, she winced as he nibbled a little too hard on her sensitive nipple. She rocked him gently from side to side. There was no better part of the day than this morning exchange of comfort between mother and child. A life-giving, nourishing ritual rewarded with happy gurgles and smiles.
Dawn looked about. At a nearby fire she saw Tanya and Ile quietly talking with each other, consoling. Dawns heart was flooded with pain on account of her friends. Lana and Ido were missing and with each passing day the hope that they were all hanging onto was a little more distant, more unreal. Of the three young men, there was also no sign and a horrible fear was growing that all five of them were lost or dead. But one dared not talk openly about these things and somehow call forth such an outcome. Tanya was vacillating between being strong by facing the unfaceable and being weak by feeding the slight hope that remained.
Dawn looked beyond, searching out Emma who was listlessly bending over the fire, stirring the hot ashes into a blaze. She looked years older, the worry over Crow consuming her. Dawns sadness deepened. She thought that somewhere among the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan, people were wondering about their kin, not knowing that Chandar could already be dead. Her heart beat sluggishly in sorrow and then because there was nobody to weep for Makar, she cried for him, silent tears washing down her cheeks. The tears, she suddenly realised, were also for herself; for the loss of her family and for their loss of a daughter. They must think her dead, not knowing how happy she was here.

The leaders were sitting by the fire, trying to come to a decision. Tusk was all for returning to their hilltop cave where he could overlook the countryside and not sit as he was here, surrounded by rocks.
Chaiko advised prudence. Here they were close to safety and the numbers that threatened them were many times their own. Besides, they were facing cunning warriors, full of warcraft and guile. If it were not for Falcon, the clan would already have been easily annihilated by the horde.
For Cosh, whether they were here or in the other cave mattered little to him; each had its problems that needed solutionshe just wanted to know which it was going to be. When asked for his opinion, he merely shrugged his shoulders. Water is wet, whether it be from a stream or a lake, it makes little difference.
Baer was less concerned about such details, thinking more about their position in the present conflict. Twenty or so of the Standing-Rock Clan could not hope to stand against the many hundreds of the horde moving into the plains. What to do over the long term was causing him worry.
We might have to leave this place altogether. His voice was quiet but the others heard the shouting in the meaning of his words. We have suffered grievously already and cant hope to stand against their numbers. This is our land, and was our fathers land, but to stay to die makes little sense. Ushi! He waved the trader over. Tell us more about the Tolmecs.
Ushi thought a while and said in his usual measured tone, I do not know what I can tell you that I havent told you already. There are many of them. About eight tribes, but no one knows for sure. The Headman is called Toemain and he has a fierce reputation. There is a Spirit-Guide they call Latto, but little is known of him, except that he goes off by himself to live with the spirits, they say. He wields enormous influence, but how, no one of us outsiders knows. Ushi paused, looking from one to the other, trying to be helpful but not knowing how. The group we face here are called Dog-Soldiers and are one of their smaller tribes. I expect they followed the shrinking herd of bison here. Again he looked around them questioningly.
It would help, Chaiko said thoughtfully, if you could tell us something of their lives, their beliefs and the like. Bogan said that in the game of survival it is important to know your enemy, almost as important as knowing yourself. Everybody nodded as they always did when Bogan was quoted.
Anything else I can tell you I have not seen for myself, but heard only around a fire here or there. I do not know what is true and what is not. In any case little is known of them even by the Akarris. But it seems to me that never stopped people from talking. Having thus disclaimed responsibility for anything he was going to tell them, he warmed to his task quickly. One thing I can tell you that is true for sure, is that they are fierce fighters. They like to fight. They have made fighting their way of life. It is said that a long, long time ago they were like other peace-loving peoples, but were always being attacked by more warlike tribes. Their women were stolen, and the men were carried off to be servants.
Generation after generation they suffered their fate with patient resignation until one day a great leader arose who built fire in the bellies of his people and talked courage into their hearts. In a great battle they defeated their enemies and visited terrible vengeance on their homeland. There was much blood spilled in those days and that is why to this day the warriors paint their faces so that the spirits of their victims will not recognize them again. They also like to disfigure their faces to hide even more and to seem more vicious to their enemies. From that time on the Tolmecs ruled their land, resolved never again to be weak and helpless. Their great leader was named Toemain, and ever since then, all the chief leaders have assumed that name and it is even claimed that he never died but lived on forever as an immortal, his spirit passing on from one generation to the next. His name thus became a rank, the first of the firsts, the highest of the highest. Ushi paused, as he had said quite a mouthful already. The trader was fond of telling stories, and paused only to feed the curiosity of his listeners.
But even among the Tolmecs not everyone agrees with their warlike ways. For too long, it is said, blood has flowed, for much too long. Some among them say that the hearts of the warriors have turned to stone and they have forgotten all joy for the pain and hardship they honor. There are a few who talk of peace and want to wash their hands of blood, a very quiet few, for as you might guess, this view is not popular among the warriors. And Ushi shook his head for emphasis. But the one they call Latto had no fear of the warriors and their societies and their leaders. He stood up to even Toemain and called him afraid to try new ways. Afraid to change. To his face Latto called Toemain a coward. Can you imagine this effrontery? But such was the spirit of the man that not even Toemain dared to lift a hand against him. Besides it had been foretold for a long time that a Spirit-Guide would come out of the east and save the Tolmecs from drowning in blood. Most people think Latto is the one.
Chaiko looked somewhat sceptically at the man, thinking that the speech was too long for one who claimed to know so little, and asked, And just how much of that was true?
Why, Ushi replied with wide innocent eyes, every word of it.
The discussion lingered on the Tolmecs and their ways. And as Ushi talked, a picture of a people emerged who prized a hard life, because that was what life taught them. They had beliefs, mores and ethics and a proper code of courtesy. But the more Ushi talked, the harder it was to reconcile the people he talked about with the warriors the clan had come in contact with. I tell you, they have honor among themselves, but it does not extend to opponents. It is all right, even expected, to lie to an enemy, but it is unacceptable between friends and their people. They have no code of civility to welcome a stranger and they trust no one but themselves. Otherwise, they are like us in many ways, but fiercer and harder. We teach our children with love and patience; they teach their children with pain and suffering so that they will be ready for the harshness of life. And who can say they are wrong?
I can! For they are surely wrong! Chaiko said, determined. The past teaches the future, and how sad it is that all they can teach their future is the spilling of blood. I would like to meet this Spirit-Guide of theirs.
Ushi had developed a great respect for Chaiko, and fearing that he had upset him with some foolish talk, now stayed quiet. The discussion briefly turned to Baers earlier suggestion that they might have to leave the land, but little was actually said because the others were not so willing to discuss such a possibility. Baer did not push it; the idea was planted in their minds, let them mull it over.
What was not talked about was the whereabouts of the young people. What happened to them? People feared the worst, but were afraid to talk about it. What was there to talk about anyway? There was no new information about them. With that the meeting was adjourned.
Later, Baer took Cosh aside and the two of them talked privately. They spent a stretch of time in tense discussion and at one point it looked as if they would come to blows. Tanya wanted to interrupt and make peace between them, but Chaiko held her back.
They are not fighting each other. Not really. But it wouldnt be a bad thing if they could burn off some of their worries in a good scrap. It would clear their mind of confusing emotions.
And youre not so confused? Tanya asked with a bite of anger. Sure, its not your daughter or son whos missing. She was instantly ashamed of her outburst. However it didnt come to blows and Baer and Cosh returned to their places and pretended a calm they didnt feel.

Stow had been overjoyed and exceedingly relieved to find Ulla unharmed on his arrival to the cliff-cave. They had all painted for themselves such dark possibilities that finding everyone alive seemed miraculous. Ulla had also been scared, very scared by all that had happened, and she was most grateful to have the one person back of whom she was sure. She embraced him passionately, clung to him and pulled him close into her softness, which she knew he liked. He, in turn, stroked her hair and blew kisses into her neck. She giggled at that and finally let him go.
Now he sat by the fire, master of his hearth. Bring me food, woman, he ordered with the mock severity of a warrior returning from battle and she hurried off to serve her man. Stow filled his lungs proudly, but then his eyes fell on Emma and he thought of Crow. His good mood suddenly evaporated.
Ork was despondent. Without Sosa life was just not the same. He missed the old cave too, although the novelty of their new camp was interesting enough. He was exploring but without his friend his heart was not fully in it. Ambling along an animal track that wound its way through dense underbrush, he came upon a bush completely covered with grape vines. Thinking with his stomach, he examined a cluster of grapes, but they were hard and green and he had to spit out the sour-bitter taste, shuddering. There was, however, one bunch that had been injured, which triggered a premature ripening, and was invitingly deep purple. He reached greedily for it, but snatched his hand back when one of the grapes started moving suspiciously. Intrigued by this strange behaviour, Ork leaned over the bunch and saw through the translucent skin the faintest outline of a bee eating its way through the grape interior. Fascinated, he watched as the bee hatched from the grape and flew away. Ork plucked the cluster from the vine and tasted a grape. The bee had been right, a delicious sweet flavour filled his mouth. Grape by grape the cluster disappeared in a stomach that was always hungry.
Shortly after the decision was announced that they would be returning to the hilltop, and the people were more than ready to go. They were told to take only the most essential items, as there was certainly enough stuff left in the home cave to serve them, and they would be returning to the cliff-cave if there was any sign of trouble. So it did not take them long to break out of camp, led by Cosh who set his usual fast pace. Ruba kept close to the scout with his Falcon proudly to hand. He was hoping that Cosh would notice him and, since both Chandar and Crow were gone, assign him some vital task. Cosh smiled at him somewhat absently, but did not speak to the boy.
Before long they were on familiar ground, the people rejoicing at each thing they recognized. Ah, home! Only the parents of the missing children could not take part in the general lightening of mood. For them, the sun did not shine, the grass was faded and their feet were tired of walking. They had lost their future, so what was the point of hurrying?
Cosh kept his eyes on the trail and allowed his mind to think of nothing else. Baer, too, threw himself fully into the many problems that were facing them. Well just have to cede this land due to the overwhelming pressure of the Tolmecs moving in, he thought. A tree has to bend in the storm or else find itself uprooted. The clan had to survive, perhaps in the eastern hills, for the clan had already lost too much. His face turned to stone.
The mothers did not have the ability of the men to block out their feelings and hide behind some responsibility. Thus, every waking moment was filled with the pain of their loss, and they mourned. A man would often shrug off a consoling hand, but not the women; they were quick to surround one another and share grief much as they shared their joys.
They had reached the bottom of cave hill and because no signs of occupation were evident, they proceeded cautiously up onto it. Baer had considered sending a few ahead to explore, but due to recent events he decided not to split the numbers. Cosh led, and the men followed with their weapons ready. Chaiko, as always, had difficulty with steep rises of any sort because of his wooden leg, but still found climbing upward easier than downward. The women followed in a tight group.
Near the top Cosh signalled for all to halt and immediately they froze. There was no sound to be heard from the hill. Cosh moved to the side so as not to emerge on the expected path and cautiously raised himself to see inside the cave. He froze, transfixed.
Cosh, Baer finally aimed a whisper at him, Cosh, but the scout did not respond. What was the matter with him? He moved forward and waved the rest on. The whole line advanced over the top. They too were surprised into immobility.
For there under the overhang, sitting around a modest fire, were the missing children of the clan! Five of them, talking quietly among themselves, as to what to do about the empty cave they had just found. Where was the clan?
Lana looked up and gave a squeal of surprise which turned into a shout of joy as she flew across the open ground and nearly overturned the thunderstruck Baer. Lithe little Ido bolted to her father and threw herself into his arms. Cosh, however, had erected such a thick barrier about his pain that even the reality of his daughter within his embrace could not break through. But Baers eyes streamed with tears. With a fierce cry, much too intense to be joy, the mothers rushed in to claim their daughters.
Crow was a little slower to arrive; he sauntered over to his mother and gave her a shy kiss on her cheek. She clapped her hands together and started hyperventilating, unable to catch enough breath, staring at him with such wonder and joy, as if he had saved them all.
The rest of the clan flooded Chandar and Makar and a great pounding of backs ensued. For it was commonly held that eyes could lie, and even touching could lead one astray, but the pain of a good pounding was reassuring to all; yes, the other was real, the joy was thus painfully real. The dust flew and Stow sneezed convulsively. The surprise had been complete.
For the moment, the miracle was beyond reasoning. The astounding reality was that all five of the young people were there, safe and sound! No one yet looked beyond this rare moment of pure feelings, without a trace of doubt, without demands for explanations. But as the surprise wore off, they all became intensely curious about the experiences of the young people. It seemed such a miracle that the three youths had been able to snatch the girls from the clutches of the Tolmecs that they were beset with questions. Makar, who had been preparing for this great moment, found himself stammering and the great epic burning in his heart failed him; he managed only a loose string of phrases, that ended with ...fire in their huts, we left their whole village burning.
Lana held tightly onto both her parents. We did it. We have been to the lions den and back. We bested the Tolmecs and left them sniffing the dust of our tracks. She said it with such satisfaction that her parents exchanged quick looks at her tone. Was this really their daughter? So self-assured?
Shhh, shushed Tanya, stroking Lanas hair comfortingly, It will be all right.
Yes, it will, Lana responded with such confidence that her parents had to wonder yet again. Tanya was acutely conscious that for the first time in their lives, this abduction and rescue was an experience that she and Lana did not share. Tanya hugged her daughter all the more fiercely, trying to hold onto her little girl.
With happiness pulsing in their veins bursting to overflow, the clan broke into a spontaneous dance of celebration: a dance of triumph, a dance of sorrow shed, a dance of ecstasy. They were back! They were safe and returned to them! Everyone danced, even Kor and Calla, their bones suddenly young again in this moment of intense relief and joy shared by the clan.
Cosh, a man of action as always, in the wild abandonment of the dance finally shed his stiff restraint. In the middle of the surge surrounding him, his emotions burst through, great sobs exploding from his chest. His friend Baer grabbed his shoulders and the two fathers danced for there was nothing else they could do to express their great relief to have their daughters back. Cosh still could not trust his great good fortune and kept his eyes all the time on Ido who was dancing with Makar.
It took a long time for the pounding beat to drain this overflow of emotions, but one by one the dancers eventually dropped out, satisfied to be free of all the pain and worry that had preceded such joy. Cosh still danced, for he had accumulated such a reserve of feelings behind a mask that he could not stop. Baer kept pace with his friend, but finally they, too, were spent.
In her great joy Emma had turned into water, inside and out. Great tears gushed from her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. Yet she smiled and smiled a broad grin that stretched her face, smoothing out her wrinkles. She dared not take her eyes off her son lest he disappear. She was losing water copiously but was powerless to stop it. I am happy, very happy ... she managed to stammer to Calla who came to comfort her.
The adults gazed admiringly at the young people. They had left as children but returned more than grownups; they returned as heroes. In the centre of all this attention both girls remained quiet and self-possessed, their faces radiating their delight at being home safe. Older by years, Chandar remained poised, well mannered as always. Makar was quiet too, even dignified. Crow stayed just the same; he frowned at being cast a hero, but was immensely grateful that when it really mattered, he had been successful.
Out of this celebration grew a desire to know how this miracle had come about. Questions were asked, tidbits exchanged, but Makar held all requests at bay, promising to give a full account later that evening.
Sitting at the periphery, Ruba was moved by the joy of the moment like everyone else. However, his feelings were mixed with traces of envy. He wanted to be a hero too. His heart ached with the intensity of this wish. Someday he, too, would do something great, rescue someone ... but who was left there for him? A light, bitter taste filled his mouth.
Lana sat with her parents, Ido with hers, yet neither belonged to them fully anymore. On a grand and perilous adventure, five people had changed irrevocably, but the parents did not know yet how much. The five exchanged secret glances of understanding.
Lana has changed, I can feel it, Tanya admitted to Dawn. She now belongs to Crow, not only to her father and me. There was a trace of sadness mixed in with the joy. She has become a woman, with hopes and dreams all her own.
Dawn placed her hands together, palm to palm, then opened her hands in the universal gesture of letting go, letting the bird fly from the nest. A very serene, accepting gesture; such was life. Tanya nodded, but tears misted their eyes. It was amazing that sadness could be found even in great joy.
Later in the evening Makar sought out Crow who was sitting by himself. He looked up as Makar approached and the two friends smiled at each other. Listen to this, Makar said as he dropped down beside him,
Though tied and fettered to the post
Ridiculed and insulted by his host
Crow stood nobly by
And looked his tormentors in the eye ...

He stopped for Crow was shaking his head vehemently. Surely not nobly, he protested. He remembered the curious young woman who had touched him and made him grow. It was humiliating, yes, but the touch had also been pleasurable. Not noble, Crow repeated. I was afraid and confused.
I cant put that in a great tale, Makar said dismayed. A hero cannot be confused and afraid.
But thats how it was, Crow insisted. Makar went off shaking his head; the trouble was that people wanted to hear about great deeds and not about reluctant heroes.
Chaiko went to the back of the cave, where Malek was at work trying to erase some of the vandalism of his work by the Tolmecs. Already having erased some of the heavy charcoal-drawn spears sticking into his bison, he was carefully toning down the orgy of blood with which the painting was bespattered. He had made some good progress and the reassuring rhythm of the lines of the running bison emerged. Good work, Chaiko said but then pointed to a pair of perpetrators hand prints, a right and a left. Leave those there so that we may remember our visitors and perhaps bid them better welcome next time. This went against Maleks sense of balance and composition, but a shaman was a shaman and he had authority over such things. He bowed his head.
When the initial wave of excitement settled a little, as people recovered from their disbelief at their great good fortune and took possession of their cave again, restoring and picking up, an outward sense of normalcy returned. But nothing was normal that day. For one thing, it was hard to speak without smiling, for a wide idiotic grin crept onto ones face, stretching the mouth from one side to the other. It could not be suppressed. All conversation quickly came back to the incredible facts of the return of the five young people and that the young men had done what they had set out to do. Against such incredible odds, they had rescued the girls and brought them safely home.
Tanya was quiet and serene, her eyes following Lana about, hanging onto every expression and movement. Her heart was full to overflowing, her mind still dazed from being mired in deep despair only this morning and soaring to her present elation. She had room for no other thoughts.
When her parents dared to let her go for just a while, Lana came to Chaiko and sat in front of him. She grabbed hold of his hand and with a seriousness he had not seen before, said simply, Thank you.
For what? he asked in surprise.
Just thank you, she repeated, covering his hand with kisses. He was so astounded that it took him a bit of time until he could snatch his hand away. But before he could ask for some exclamation, she was up and away, after Crow.
Somewhat later, Crow also came over for a brief moment and said, Thank you, and again Chaiko did not know why he was being thanked. But when he asked, he was only thanked again.
When Makar came over, sat before the shaman and started thanking him, Chaikos attention was finally drawn to some significance behind all this gratitude. Why? he demanded; after his earlier experiences he expected no answer, but Makar surprised him.
When lost in a great darkness, one looks for light to guide oneself. But if still no light is found to give a safe bearing, one tries to remember what light was. In the great darkness we all remembered Chaiko. A rather cryptic answer the shaman thought, but he could get no other.
A little later Chaiko intercepted a smile from Ido and she did not look away. In times past she would have, her eyes flying to hide. His feeling of unreality increased. He also caught Chandar giving him such a significant look that he had the impulse to hide himself. He turned to his mate and asked with some petulance, Do you have the feeling sometimes that people are deliberately not telling you things?
No, dear, Dawn answered, then cradled his head and caressed his cheeks and the back of his head. She was glad to have some outlet for the joy that had built within her. She held and kissed his hands, and this time he did not pull away but reached for her and held her close.

Cleaning up the devastation visited on them by the Tolmecs delayed the evening meal. People ate and wondered about this most amazing day. Finally, there were loud demands to hear the story of the great adventure. Makar obliged and this time he was more prepared, the words just flowing out of him. He talked and mixed in some of the epic that was ready, and they hung onto his every word. At times he took his listeners breath away, at other times they recoiled in horror and anger, seething at what had been done to their own.
Though tied and fettered to the post
Ridiculed and insulted by his host
Crow stood and withstood
And looked his tormentors in the eye
He risked his life and chose to die
So that they would free his arms ...

A shudder of horror went through the crowd, but spellbound they listened to the tale. Makars voice resonated in the cave and at times dropped to a hoarse and tense whisper; the listeners found themselves hiding in the darkness too, fleeing upon a hilltop path. A few of them even knew the spot where the five turned upon their pursuers. Then Makar was finished and a silence followed his tale as he sat down content, for once having used up all his words as people had listened to the very end.
Slowly, murmurs grew: the storyteller was applauded and many words of admiration were expressed for the bravery shown by the five young people. Indeed, was a braver tale ever told?

Chapter 24
Gill, peering into the milky whiteness of the morning, was nervous because it seemed to him that every time he was on guard something dire happened. One time, it had been the arrival of the Head Shaman and after that Crow coming back with the bad news of the girls being abducted. Gills suspicion grew at this strange twist of fate that had marked and selected him. He thought of telling Cosh not to give him a watch assignment, for something terrible would surely happenthat seemed not to happen when the others were on guardbut would Cosh listen to his reasoning? Nah! So with considerable trepidation he peered into the morning light waiting for something bad to happen. But nothing had yet.
Behind him the cave was quiet, people stirring slowly, a bit late perhaps because of the excitement of yesterday that lasted into the night. What was the hurry anyway? Their lives were somehow suspended by the Tolmecs pushing into clan lands. Normal hunting was out of question, and there was some talk about retreating into the hills again. Remembering last years fiasco, people could find little confidence in that option.
Baer and Cosh were spending some extra sweet time with their restored families, so this morning there was no hurry to the council fire. It was so nice to awaken to the relief that it had not been a dream, but that they were really all together again. No, there was no reason to hurry from such moments, they were rare enough.
Chaiko waved Crow over and bade him sit down. Last night he had listened with great interest to the tale so well told, but now he had a few questions for Crow. First, though, he wanted to give praise where it was surely due.
You are a hero, he said, sincere admiration and pride glowing in his voice. Noting Crows gestures of denial, he pressed on. It is brave deeds that make a hero, even if inside he feels less than that. I know that inside you feel as if anybody would have done what you did, and maybe they all would have, but the fact is that you acted when you had the opportunity. Being afraid does not make you less of a hero; it makes your bravery all the more admirable.
Crow shrugged his shoulders; it seemed there was nothing he could do to stop people from making him a hero. Chaiko recognized this characteristic gesture of his friend and had a flashback of just the two of them running along a river bank, racing each other, splashing through the shallows, and when the young Chaiko fell into the water, the young Crow could not laugh hard enough. Chaiko thought that of such common stuff, heroes were made.
In the story I heard last night the Tolmec camp caught fire, but you were high into the hills by then. I would like to hear how you managed to do that and why.
Such a practical subject was easier for Crow to deal with and he smiled. I set the fire because I was angry and wanted to punish them for stealing the girls and for the insult and suffering they caused me. I also wanted to keep them busy fighting the fire and worrying less about us. I was most afraid that our absence would be discovered too soon and they would easily catch up with us. They checked on me several times throughout the day and night and I did not know how closely they watched the girls. In any case I wanted them to be looking someplace else as we made our escape. As it was, even with our head-start they caught up with us, but on clan land which we then defended. There was fire in his eyes as he spoke of this, and Chaiko no longer saw the easygoing youth he grew up with. But then he himself was not the same either.
And about setting the fire? Chaiko gently reminded his friend. The ferocity went out of Crows eyes and he smiled and became young again. Do you remember when we were growing up, how we stood on the shore of the lake and bundled a burning ember into clay and packed it with moss, then used a flexible switch to whip the clay packet onto an island of grass far out in the water?
Yes, said Chaiko, I had nearly forgotten that. We watched the island burn, then another. But we stopped when we realized that the islands were nesting places for the water birds.
I have never forgotten that, Crow said, his face dreamy with reminiscing. So when I cut myself free, I made those packets again. Moist clay packed with moss and dry grass from their huts, a burning ember in the middle, with clay folded over it leaving just a little hole to breathe. I then placed it into the grass walls of five of their huts. His face grew hard as he remembered and his voice changed to a husky growl. It took some time for the grass within to burn and shrivel away, but as it did, it let more air in to reach the ember which finally burst into flames and set the hut afire. His eyes lit up. Then, I guess the wind did the rest, driving the flames from one hut to another and half the camp must have burned. We were far into the hills by then, but could still see the blaze.
Chaiko watched his friend closely. He had indeed changed. The carefree youth was gone and in his stead was this man who fed a flame of hate within. Chaiko wanted to warn him that hate often turned on itself and consumed the carrier. Biting back the words, he said instead, That was very ingenious.
It was just like we did as children, said Crow shrugging his shoulders.
Not quite, you added an important time element. Youve given me an idea that could come in very useful. Thank you.
But Crow had had enough of people thanking him. It had been painful for him to listen to Baer trying to put words to his gratitude. Then Tanya, then Cosh and Ile. And now Chaiko. He still felt like he was just Crow, but even he knew that was no longer true.
Later still in the morning, Lana came to sit in front of Chaiko. He looked her over carefully, noting a composure that had not been there before. Or perhaps it had been, but he had not noticed it beforehaving had no occasion, as now, to wonder about it. There was, however, a willingness to wait for him instead of impulsively asking for something she wanted. He waited, but she did not start until he motioned for her to. That was also new.
I want to be mated to Crow. He wants me and I choose him for my life mate, she said in a determined tone. A joy coursed through Chaiko at these words; he had waited so long for these two dear friends to find each other and to come to this realization. But he was a shaman, a guardian of the customs of his people, so he erased the joy from his face, and asked formally, And what does your father say to this wish of yours? And your mother?
My father agrees with my choice. My mother likewise, she replied in his formal tone.
Well then your father should come to me. I would listen to the head of the family, as it would be unseemly for an unripe girl to ask, or an unripe boy to wish. You know better the traditions of our people. Chaiko spoke with a mock severity that did little to disguise his delight.
I ask forgiveness of the shaman. I shall beg my father to ask for permission, she responded meekly, her eyes twinkling. Even before Crow rescued the girls, there could be little objection to his suit, but now, after such exploits, it seemed not only right but inevitable. She rose and with exaggerated formality bowed to him as a sign of respect for his office, something which she had never done before. She ran off, filled with exuberance and with a spring in her step like a young doe. The shaman was left smiling widely.

When the meeting of the council was convened late in the morning, Baer again asked Ushi to join them. The trader was surprised by the honor but was too experienced a traveler to show it very much.
Chaiko looked at him levelly. It would be no more than right that a thing not be stretched beyond its measure... a rather oblique way of saying that truth needed not be embellished or exaggerated. Ushi blinked at him with wide eyes, like an owl looking into daylight.
Baer once again voiced his concern that with the Tolmecs so intent on pushing into the plains, it would be prudent for the Standing-Rock Clan to seek safety somewhere to the east. While he spoke, Tusk fidgeted uneasily and twisted about in his seat. When Baer invited comments, the lead hunter quickly jumped in. This is clan land! Land that our fathers hunted and held. We should not so lightly surrender it. Why should we make a present of it to our enemies? Not without a fight, I say. Let it be settled in battle if it must. He looked around the faces and read agreement in them. Why should we move aside to let the Tolmecs take root here? They have no rights of claim! I, Tusk, of the issue of Karr and Somi of the Turtle lineage, say to you, do not let their numbers impress you. Let us look into their painted faces and spit on them. Let us ask assistance from our brother clans. Let us send runners to the east and call, as children of common ancestors, for their help and support, as is our right. I, Tusk of Standing-Rock Clan, beseech this council not to cede the land that nourishes us. Let us defend it! And as was his habit when talking about such earnest things he repeatedly thumped his chest.
Baer chewed his lips in consternation. Tusk had invoked his right to offer an opinion that ran so counter to the one that Baer, the leader of the clan, had expressed. Though the formulation did not contest his leadership, it denied the direction that he was seeking. Something had to yield to get around this impasse. Cosh stirred uneasily but did not try to speak. Chaiko waited to see if and how Baer was going to respond. Ushi looked aside a little embarrassed to be a witness to such family infighting.
Baer chose his words carefully. In our hands, in our care, are the people of this small clan. We are leaders to lead, not out of pride or fear, but out of care for our people. I will not lightly risk anyones life. I will risk it less out of foolishness. The number facing us must prevail against so small a clan. Ask Sosa if he would again stand in front of a stampede? Ask Chaiko if he would again stand in front of a river of rocks? His words shook everyone present. Chaiko, feeling the sting of the reference, sucked in air through his teeth noisily, not sure how he felt.
But if you move just because someone wants your land, where will you move next, when surely someone will ask you to move again? Tusk reflected back with equal intensity. A rock should resist moving, for once it starts who can stop it? Everyone looked surprised at this, for no one had ever heard Tusk reason using Bogans words.
Maybe we should do both, interjected Chaiko, drawing all eyes to him, for you are both right. Because our numbers are small, we cannot withstand the Tolmecs. So we should move, ceding ground slowly. But at the same time we should send runners east and petition the clans for their support. The Tolmecs will not likely be satisfied with just our land and will surely seek out other lands. So if we must fight, here is a good place to fight and now is a good time to do so. But not alone! He looked from one to the other.
But I will say this to both of you, it is not the clan way to fight and shed blood. We shall do so only reluctantly, and it will be the last thing we do, not the first. I, as shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, insist on my right to try anything and everything to avoid the shedding of blood. If need be, I will seek council with the enemy and if there be any power of persuasion in me, you will see it and the Tolmecs will hear it. He closed his eyes and tilted his head to the sky, his outspread hands embracing them all and the cave beyond. Let the spirits be my witness, it shall be so, and no one will dare to do differently. If we choose our course correctly, our children will talk of this day, when the clan stood against such odds and prevailed.
A long silence followed his words. There was little anyone could add or offer in exchange. They were all sobered by the risk of any step, with their future so uncertain. The leaders dispersed in silent agreement, not intending to resolve any further issues that day. Tanya and Dawn noted their grave mien and wondered what awaited the clan.
Dawn sought to draw Chaiko out, to ease his cares, but he was lost in thought and just looked absently at her. Finally, she kneeled behind him and combed his hair and rubbed crushed flower blossoms onto his head. He seemed barely to notice.
A little later Chandar came to the shaman. Chaiko looked preoccupied, but bade the young man to take a seat. They measured each other again in the manner of men who had not grown up together. Although Chandar was ten years older, he felt so much younger in spite of the smooth face before him.
The tale that Makar so clearly told speaks well of you, began Chaiko, in spite of all his worries trying to concentrate on what Chandar wanted from him. Well done. Then the shaman waited politely for his visitor to state his concern, which he shortly did.
I was born to the Lesser-Bear-Claw, and came to you because life had grown sour for me there. The girl I had expected to mate chose another, a friend from childhood. They loved each other, but I felt too hurt to forgive them. I left for I thought the world large enough to ease my ... pain. But though I have come far, I have carried the pain with me in my heart. He paused, looking inside for the right words that did not come easily to him. He sighed deeply then forced himself to continue. Then I thought I found in Lana the girl I should have had. But she, too, chose another. Shaman, I am told that my looks are ... presentable and my manners are decent and I have no flaws to reproach myself for. Why then is it so hard for me to find the right mate? What is in me that falls so short?
Chaiko heard the pain and puzzlement in the tone. What was he supposed to say to such things? Listen and hear, he told himself. Have you considered that you should not search for faults in yourself, but in the circumstances of your choosing? For I assure you, you are of good character and of great abilities. But the one you chose had already chosen, not yet realizing it when she offered encouragement to you. I speak of Lana, but I wonder if the girl you left behind had not also done the same? It could be that the choice was already written on their hearts not that they chose against you. Chaiko tried to read the thoughts behind those eyes but knew wounds of the heart were slow to heal, especially if an old scar was ripped open.
Chandar rose to go but sat down again, catching Chaiko by surprise. Shaman, all my life I have never felt I belonged. Yet here, far from the place of my birth, among the Standing-Rock, I feel the most accepted and part of a cave. I have friends here. I request formal adoption into the clan.
Chaiko did not hurry to answer. Can a tree be transplanted? Yes, he answered himself, if the tree was rootless to begin with. He looked at Chandar thinking, where are your roots? Perhaps you discovered them across the river in the land of enemies. But he only said kindly, Your request is noted and will in due course be considered. As to the other thing youre more than good enough, and the heart knows what it wants. Now, why did he say that? he asked himself as he watched the young man leave. Then his other thoughts claimed him again.

Gill was still on guard. It was nearing the end of his watch; nothing had happened yet and he started to relax. One eye he kept on the outside, the other he kept on Ela. She saw him looking and the swaying of her hips became more alluring. Gill was thinking that it was time; he had been smelling the flower long enough, and it was time to pluck it. But with some care and finesse, he cautioned himself. You are not as young as you used to be and if you want to compete with young studs, you had better offer her plenty of other considerations. His mind dwelled on her charms, and found that there was plenty of heat left in his body.
Then his attention was caught by some vague thing outside. He searched the landscape carefully. Tolmecs? he asked himself. But he could find nothing. Again he searched, but still nothing. A bird flew over the trees, its wings spread as it coasted on a cushion of air. It veered to the right and described a graceful circle. What had caught the birds attention? Was he just a little jumpy? Why should it be strange that a bird should fly? He was about to dismiss his concern when several figures walked into the open, then a whole bunch more. I knew it! flashed through his thoughts. He sharply whistled an alarm, but then turned back to the cave to yell Clan. Clan! He did not want to scare people half to death like the last time.
Who is it? Baer demanded, hurrying to have a look himself.
It must be Simm, Gill uttered in astonishment. No one else has that girth.
Indeed, there was a massive man leading the group that numbered about twenty-five, heavily loaded down with packs. The procession moved slowly up the slope. The whole cave came out to greet these unexpected visitors. It was indeed Simm who stood there, perspiration running down his round face and body from the exertion of the climb, but there was a big grin on his face that could swallow a duck whole (something he probably did, at one time or other).
Well, we found you at last, following those strange rocks standing everywhere, his cheerful voice broke through all protocol. I bring with me my brothers from the Lesser-Bear-Claw Clan who have heard of your troubles and come to offer assistance. And more are on the way. Now tell us of these savages who would want to take clan land. It seemed that finding a mate agreed with him; his congenial personality expanded with his girth which had always been a good indication of his state of happiness. Baer also cast protocol to the wind as he embraced the big man ... even his long arms could not reach quite around Simms full size. Welcome, welcome! he hailed his visitors.
Yes, my mate knows how to cook and I am now twice the size I was. But it is hard sometimes to have just one head for two bodies; my poor mouth gets tired from eating for both, and he roared his pleasure, his stomach jiggling. Come, let me lead you to battle. I make such a good target. All of you will be safe behind me. Hosts and visitors alike laughed, joined by their liking of Simm. Tusk came and actually hugged the big man he had looked down upon. They pounded each others backs, raising volumes of dust. Tusk was elated: there were twenty-five more warriors in the order of battle.
After that, everyone was invited into the cave and offered some refreshments. Tanya had to apologize for the shortness of the measure; they had been caught so unprepared. Do not trouble yourself, most gracious woman; we brought with us enough food to last half a year. For a whole year, if I had not come. Then he turned to the men and added somewhat darkly, And we brought many spears.
Then without pause, Simm launched into an explanation. Laars of Black-Clam, ah, Black-Pearl they now call themselves, came and brought us warning that there were enemies about. Laars is related to our Laars and so hurried to bring us the news. So I brought this group and there is a second group of fifteen led by Laars himself. You will see what tough fighters grow at the Lesser-Bear-Claw. Then he looked about, found the shaman and smiled, pointing a finger at him. Ive heard a lot about you, Chaiko. You could have knocked me over with a feather when I heard you were alive and had grown a leg and found yourself a mate. Who has ever heard of such things? That a man should go naked and injured into the wilderness but return whole and rich in happiness? Master of Falcon, indeed! We will need many of that weapon to face this enemy. His eyes scanned the cave, his eyes sparkling like dew in the morning.
Hullo Ela. Sorry to hear about that bastard Tael. At last word he took refuge with some far eastern clan, hiding from the wrath of Corrigan Lebow. We heard about Corrigans visit here. Laars was impressed with you all, especially Tusk. Simm could not have been hungry or he surely would not have wasted his breath on talking, but he was so glad to see them all. Well now what a pretty girl you are, he said to Dawn. Of the morning. It is said that your smile is like sunshine, warm and bright. Now there is no cause to be embarrassed by the truth. Why Lana, you have grown into a comely young woman. I missed your singing, I cant tell you how much. And Ido, I cannot believe my eyes, you have grown. Gill, you dusty old vermin, glad to see you so well. Kor, how are your old bones rattling? You dont let Calla chew your meat yet? More likely though she chews on your ears. He chuckled, his whole body shaking with merriment. Now, now Calla. I missed you too. One by one he said something to each, but was most careful to give full courtesy to the leaders. His jocularity easily overcame the awkwardness as strangers met, and soon, following Simms lead, the visitors felt quite welcome. Of course the presence of Chandar and Ulla also gave them an additional connection. Ushi was well known to them.
In the afternoon the warning whistle sounded again. Clan! Clan! Clan! the lookout shouted, this time with enthusiasm, celebrating the coming of more clan. Thirty or so men came up the slope and were suitably welcomed by Baer. Their leader introduced himself as Vakai of the Sharp-Owl and said straight out that more of them were on the way. It is said that vultures are gathering at the edges of clan lands and casting hungry eyes in our direction. Well, we are here to hunt vultures. Just show us the way.
Tanya and all the women were running about pouring water and offering food to everyone. Vakai pointed to many packs of provisions and presented them to the headwoman. Soon the aroma of roasting meat filled the cave and a pleasant hubbub of voices filled the air as people tried to get to know each other.
The leaders went aside in private counsel. Baer bade them welcome again, then expressed his appreciation of their coming to the aid of the Standing-Rock Clan. He promised that whenever the need arose, Standing-Rock Clan would be there to return this assistance. As the rocks here stand in honor of our clan, they will now stand in respect for all the clans.
Vakai, who perhaps had the greatest reputation of all, stood and thanked his host for the opportunity to demonstrate clan solidarity. The clans are coming! From one end of the land to the other, the clans are coming! Let the strangers beware because they did not ask permission of the host. The hosts are gathering to face the horde. Well, I ask our host for us all, you have invited us to the dance, let us therefore have music. There was a general shouting and enthusiasm in council which jumped over to the rest of the cave. A joyous roar arose, which even the women and children joined, but with a new vicious undertone. Even the women, who felt the fears of having to face the enemies alone, were now turning warlike in defense of their home.
After awhile the sounds receded and the council looked expectantly about. The order and conduct of battle was Baers prerogative, the details of which would be decided when its turn came. Now they were looking for some vision to inspire them. Most turned to the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan. They had heard so much about him but it did not seem possible that the words spoken of this young man who sat in front of them, wrapped in his furs, staring into the fire, could be true. Feeling all the eyes on him, Chaiko tried to do something shamanish to reassure them. He leaned over the fire and sniffed deeply of the rising smoke. He held his hand into the fire and looked into the flames. Shamanish enough? he hoped. The hills are moving, he began, hurrying to see a great battle and a battle we would serve them. The vultures are indeed pecking on our land, nibbling, nibbling, and would tear a great chunk of it for themselves. We are resolved, are we not, to prevent them? We have spears, we have Falcon Lebows to make our claim. But the battle, where shall the battle be? In our hearts and spirit or drowned in blood? Tomorrow may come to witness a great slaughter. So we shall wait till tomorrow, if tomorrow will wait upon us. The leaders looked at each other questioningly.
Before nightfall, eight Makeye men arrived, a woman with them. They too promised more yet to come. The woman was presented as a seer of some skill, brought along to add spiritual weight to the persuasion of their weapons. The cave was seething with warlike noises, everybody bragging what they would do to the enemy. The women shuddered to hear such gory words. Why do men revel in blood so much? Because they have to face the risk of wounds and death; they have to make a virtue of it so they can do what is required of them, Tanya said, trying to enlighten them. Dawn nodded. The men took this burden upon themselves, but often it was not easy. Her husband, she knew, was struggling to find a way around it.
Chaiko had made a small fire on the side and now withdrew to it. He stared into the fire, trying to keep the war-like sounds from intruding on his thoughts. It was disconcerting to have all these people here and more coming, looking to Baer and himself for leadership. They expected a great battle, the joy of it already sat on their faces. He looked at Baer and their eyes met. As always the brothers understood each other. Stand strong, this is our time to prove our service to all the clans. Be strong! They nodded to each other.
Chaiko thought how much of being a shaman amounted to show. Why, a shaman had to be better at it than even that poet and jester, Makar. A shaman must appear more than he was, larger than himself, much larger. After all, he represented the power of the spirit world. He looked speculatively at the woman seer the Makeye had brought and wondered how much power she really had. In all his life, Chaiko had met few with real power. In fact, Bogan was the only one he was sure of. Bogan had laid his hand on him and called him Chaiko with such a compelling look in his eyes. Chaiko would never forget that. He knew it was significant but had not known why. But then it was a game of confidence and he would do everything necessary to increase the confidence of the people who looked to him. He threw a short handful of kuma-seed into the fire which exploded into a poof of smoke and a storm of sparks, drawing attention to him. He waved his hand over the fire in a ritualistic gesture. Shamanish enough? The heavy smell of burnt kuma-seed pervaded the cave. People nodded, reassured that their shaman was at work.
The swollen numbers spilled out of the cave. For the first time since danger had threatened, the fires were boldly ablaze. Rea was on guard, and as the darkness settled on the land he called out jubilantly pointing to the east, where about six fires were visible in the distance. The East is coming! The East is coming to meet the West!
All the people stood at the entrance of the cave, facing the darkness, cheering at the sight of the fires burning in the night. Men raised their spears and chanted. The women waved, and their shrill yells rode over the mens. The nearest fire blinked in greeting as someone blocked and unblocked a view of it. That night the darkness seemed friendlier than ever.
Later in the night, Makar told the rousing tale of five young people among the very enemies now coming against them. The listeners hung onto every word, gripped by the tenseness of the story. Afterwards they looked in wonder at the five, but particularly at Crow, who had to shrug his shoulders, being the reluctant hero that he was. Then they looked at Lana and Ido. How could they be so slim and small when they appeared so much larger than life in the story? And they were held prisoners by these louts only half human, half dogs, like their name indicated, Dog-Soldiers.
After that people had a hard time settling down, because it was such an unusual time: to be among strangers who were clan but already friends, and ahead of them the looming danger of the coming days.
Dawn woke in the middle of the night to Yaels restlessness from all the excitement of the evening. She rocked him back to sleep, and she looked for Chaiko, but he was still beside his fire bundled in a fur, rocking back and forth. She frowned; so much was expected of him. He had a reputation for creating miracles and now everyone expected him to produce one. Well, if anybody could, he could. She caught herself; she was not any better than the others. She rose and went to him, carefully skirting bodies that were lying everywhere. She stroked his hair gently till he returned from wherever he had been and noticed her. Come to sleep, she said very gently, you will need a clear head tomorrow. Reluctantly, stiffly, he got up, went to their place and lay down.

Just before morning, Chaiko awoke from a nightmare. He had been standing in a stream of blood that was flowing, rushing out of the cave. Above him was a line of vultures cawing loudly, cruising in the air awaiting to land. No! Chaiko of the dream had cried, powerless to stop things from happening. Must not let it happen, Chaiko whispered to himself. He went to the lookout and found Stow sleepily on guard. He sat facing the east and watched the light steal into the sky. When the sun rose, his resolution strengthened. It must not happen. For all of them, the sun must rise again and again.

Chapter 25
Early next morning the council reconvened swollen by the leaders of the new people. It was decided that first and foremost information was needed about the proximity and intent of the enemy so that they would have something specific to discuss. Cosh, Crow and Chandar were sent along with representatives of the other groups; it would be good if they learned the lay of the land and a little of the enemy. The scouts left, and people stood on the brow of the hill until the last of them disappeared from view. Good luck, the signs flashed.
Baer grabbed Ushi and ordered, Go among the new arrivals; talk to them about the Tolmecs. Let them know what they have to face. Makars story was a good introduction last night, but it was long on words and smelled flowery, a little short on practical things. So describe for them the real thing ... you know. The trader nodded. He knew exactly what was wanted. He joined a fire and before long he was talking about the Tolmecs to avid listeners. He colored them a little more bloodthirsty than they perhaps were, but that could be forgiven under the circumstances. He answered their questions then moved on, spreading his information.
Chaiko was busy organizing some work along his line. He already had a number of Falcons ready, but not nearly enough for all the new people. He got Kor and Kray working on more Falcons and more talons. Imres, one of the Makeyes, requested that he be taught the skill and was included in their number. Any help was welcome, and soon men and even women were gathering wood and branches for more weapons.
It was left to Tusk to introduce the newcomers to the deadly accuracy of Falcon. Whether you call it Falcon or Lebow does not matter, he warned. This weapon is deadly, but strength and courage alone cant stand against it. A man half my size could easily kill me with these puny sticks before I could get close to him, so have respect for them. Then he and Stow demonstrated the lethal precision of this instrument of death. After that, of course, all clamored for Falcon, each impatient to try it in his hands. Tusk worried over them, making sure that they did not hurt each other.
Before noon, more of the Lesser-Bear-Claw arrived, led by Laars himself. There was much pounding of backs and clasping of hands. Both Chandar and Ulla welcomed more relatives. Simm, of course, was visible everywhere. He wanted to know if his Turtledove missed him already. They hurried to reassure him that she was so sad that she stopped eating for a whole day. That seemed to satisfy him.

Shortly after, twenty of the Dorgay arrived, led by a tall fierce-looking warrior who had but one eye, having lost it chasing a warthog in dense undergrowth: a twig, snapping back, had poked an eye out. They all looked intimidating, each with two stout spears and a heavy war club besides. The Sharp-Owl greeted them heartily as they, being such close neighbors, were closely interrelated. They reported that earlier they had passed more Makeyes, eleven or so, who were just breaking camp. They also should be arriving shortly.
The shadows had hardly started bending the other way when indeed the Makeyes arrived and were hailed enthusiastically by their fellow clans. Their leader apologized for not having brought more provisions with them, but they had travelled light because they were afraid of missing the fight. Baer could reassure them that the others had brought plenty for all, and it was not food that was going to be the problem. Tolmecs? the leader waved the threat away. We thank them for the courtesy of bringing the fight to us, so we dont have to go chasing after them. We shall make them feel right welcome. Baer was amazed at the warlike posturing he was observing, for he had never previously found the clans so ready to fight. Maybe Chaiko was wrong about the peaceful nature of the clans, or maybe, they had gotten out of the habit of fighting, but had not forgotten how. Certainly the ferocity would serve them well in this confrontation.
As more people arrived, strangers greeted each other with unaccustomed familiarity. They had not known such times as these, but the old songs talked about them. There had not been any real epic written since. Everybody, however, realized that this was one of those rare times when the fate of the clans was in their hands. They knew that songs would be composed and sung about them, no matter which way the battle went. If they won, jubilation of course, and if they lost ... but they were not going to lose. This generation would stand and repel their enemies. In this exuberant atmosphere strangers thought nothing of going up to one another and talking like long lost brothers. They all had the feeling of soon going into a desperate battle side by side. A Makeye was demonstrating the proper technique of thrust and parry with the spear. He was agile and the spear flashed dangerously in his hand, describing a confusing figure of movement to confound the enemy. But a Dorgay who watched his exercise still preferred his stout war club. If I get inside the reach of your spear you will have to kiss Masher here, he declared as he patted the club affectionately.
There was not much more to discuss until Cosh came back with some hard information. Baer sighed; even at Coshs fast pace, it would still take them till next day to return, unless the Tolmecs were much closer than expected. No! Tomorrow would do just fine. The later arrivals indicated that runners had been sent east to the farthest clans so that more were surely underway. Bogan said the clan stands together. It is in standing together that makes clan the clan, declared Vakai, wishing to build some fire into them. But Chaiko had to smile at such oversimplification of Bogans words.
Well, they had best hurry if they want to get here for the dance. Laars grinned, fanatical joy blazing in his eyes.
In the middle of the afternoon Baer and Chaiko were able to exchange a few private words, but their women had to stand on guard so that they could do so. Be careful, brother, Chaiko warned, we have to keep tight control on so many different groups and leaders.
Baer nodded but stated his own concern, Thats why do not talk of peace and counsel with the enemy. We are preparing for war; do not divide the minds and set one half fighting against the other. We need to be united with a single vision, and concentrate our power. And he showed a tightly clenched fist, focused and ready to strike.
Chaiko nodded, You are right. But do not be too quick to rush into war. If necessary we will fight with determination in our hearts and be prepared for it. But you must promise to give me an opportunity to do what I can.
Brother, I cant let even you compromise our safety.
I am not asking as your brother, I am telling you as your shaman. You must give me my chance when I ask for it. For the first time in their lives the two brothers were not fully in agreement in a thing that mattered.
With the coming of the other clans our numbers have increased, Baer retorted, and today we stand a better chance ... if we all stand together and therefore, you must not split us between war and peace. As your leader, I command you, as I will not risk the safety of the people in my care. Baers voice turned hard. I will not risk a split in our resolve.
That I will not do either, Chaiko assured him, but if and when my chance comes I must take it, and you will have to give me time when I ask for it. I will ask only if I must. The two brothers glowered at each other standing nose to nose, eyes locked in a contest of will that neither could win. Tanya and Dawn pushed between them. Do not fight, Tanya hissed at them. The people must see that you agree with each other!
Dawn pulled at Chaiko, Harmony. Harmony of thought and action. Chaiko released his breath to ease the tension, his face losing the troubled look. Talk to him about harmony, he said nonetheless, as he took a step backward.
You are right, we must not fight. Thank you, Baer said to Tanya, then turned back to his brother. His eyes were level and clear. All right, brother, you will get your one chance if I can give it, but you will ask only if you must.
Agreed, allowed Chaiko. Then the two brothers embraced and went their separate ways, Baer to consult with Tusk. The big man was certainly in his element in this warlike gathering.
Chaiko returned to stare once more into the fire. This tense encounter had upset their women, but Tanya tried to hide her worry from Dawn, who in turn tried to overlook it.
That evening the cave was even more full. Some of the euphoria had evaporated as people realized the significance of the coming battle. They knew some would be injured and some would not return. They looked wide-eyed at one neighbor or another, wondering if he was the one who would make it or not.
In the darkness, out on the plain, one fire burned in the distance. Who was it? Ushi exclaimed that it must be his people, the Omaani.
Again Makar told the story of their escape for the new arrivals who had not yet heard, but there was less enthusiasm. People were subdued. They went early to lie down, but sleep eluded most of them.
Chaiko again woke from a nightmare which he had sought to prevent. It bothered him, of course, that his brother was not with him on this thing. Dawn finally reached up, drew him down, and rocked him to sleep.
To Baers relief, Cosh returned midmorning the next day. He brought disquieting news that the Tolmecs were on the move. A full flood of them was crossing the river and spreading across clan lands, coming overland the most direct way and, at their present rate, likely to arrive within two days. They were proceeding cautiously with scouts to all sides, screening their advance. We had to retreat lest we be discovered, Cosh said, concluding his report to the general war council.
Baer tersely asked the question whose answer they all wanted to hear. How many are they?
Cosh thought very carefully how to phrase his next words, as he was never too sure of numbers and the range of numbers was impossible to conceptualize. We counted over three hundred and they were still coming as we were forced to leave.
Three hundred, frowned Baer, trying to visualize three hundred. That was a large number. He looked at Chaiko who shrugged his shoulders, too. Up to now there had been no reason to count that high. The newcomers had no idea what they were talking about, needing laborious explanation of the meaning of the strange counting words. Finally they borrowed Dawns strategy of using piles of grass stalks to give an indication of numbers. They painstakingly counted out three hundred and sat looking at the heap of straws. It was hard enough to relate to the piled grass and see in it actual people, and worse, armed and painted warriors.
Well how many are we? Chaiko thought to ask.
At last count we were one hundred and twenty two. But more are on the way, Tusk quickly reported. Everybody was thinking can one hundred stand against three hundred? That sounded like for every one of the clan, there were three of the enemy to face. To make sure of this, they counted themselves again, a hundred and twenty three, not including the women and children. They argued about what the piles represented, but it was clear to all that they were substantially outnumbered, a sobering thought even for Tusk. He knew he could take care of his three and then some, but he was not sure of the others with him, like Stow and Makar.
Well, then, so be it, said Baer. We must draw up a plan to face them and prepare. As you heard, they are likely be here in two days. The first question is where do we face them, here in the cave or out in the open? Baer paused to let the question sink in. It was obvious that the newcomers had not thought about it, expecting the host to lay out the battle. Vakai said as much: You know the land and you have already had experience fighting them. Besides you have the most to lose and more to defend ... with your women and children behind you. It thus seems to me that you should lead and the rest of us will follow.
Then it would be my decision to face them in the open, answered Baer, as here we would be trapped against the cliff and lose all freedom of movement. It would also make it difficult for anybody else coming to our aid to join us. If we withdraw carefully we can lure them further into our land and choose our own battle ground. It would also leave open the possibility of withdrawing to a more favorable position if need be. He paused and waited for some reaction. Tusk spoke unhurriedly, By so maneuvering we can gain an extra day or so. A good point, if more of the clan was on the way.
Then that is what we shall do, Baer pronounced, concluding that part of the deliberation. The place and time, we  myself, Tusk and Cosh  can figure out. We shall look for a place that will give us the most advantage. He paused and glanced about at the general nodding of heads. After that he waited until the silence became painful. He looked at this brother and said, Now, as is his right, the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan will address you. He leaned back, his face carefully neutral.
Chaiko was surprised by this opening but did not hurry to rush into it. Friends, I thank you for coming. In adversity we close ranks, for such is the way of the clans. Before us is a desperate venture. Some of us will be hurt, some may be killed and there may be much weeping in the lands of the clans for the dead and the wounded. A father dead, a son perhaps. Blood kin wounded and bleeding. The line of some families broken and severed to rise no more.
When this battle comes upon us, we shall all stand shoulder to shoulder defending our land and that of the clans beyond. We will be defending the right of our children to live in this land. And if we must, we shall pay with our shed blood.
But I ask you now to reflect. If we lose our resolve, our fate is decided and the horde of Tolmecs will rule this land. They will come in their numbers, and we shall not get rid of them again.
But I must ask you this, if we were to win, what will we have won? We will have won great fame and prestige certainly, and songs would be written about our victory. But count the number of the horde. Each of their eight tribes is larger than any clan and they outnumber us many times over. For they are like locusts. We might win this battle and maybe even the next. But there would come a time when the clans would have no more sons to send year after year to fight the horde. Chaiko looked about the somber faces, darkened by such a dire vision. His brothers face was stone.
I tell you these things because if we ask you to risk your lives, you should know the truth. Again he paused. If there is a battle, we shall fight a bitter fight and make our enemies regret the day they set foot on clan lands. And if the price will have to be paid in blood, then so be it.
But, before the first spear is cast, before the first talon is loosed, before first blood is shed to make the battle irrevocable, I will ask them if it is a battle they really want. I will ask them to reason, if they will listen. His voice dropped lower and the others had to strain to hear it.
It is sometimes easier to fight and regret it later in the light of full consequences. But sometimes it takes more courage not to fight. Who shall listen to words of caution and peace when all clamor for war? He put his hand into the fire and grabbed a burning twig and held it in his hand, his face motionless under iron command. The sickening smell of burning flesh filled their nostrils and they drew back horrified by such a gesture. It was Cosh who reached over and knocked the burning twig out of his hand. Chaiko opened his hand to look at the angry welt of the burn. The others stared at it fascinated, but only Baer understood why he did it. Before we cast peace aside, I will challenge the Tolmecs to talk peace with me.
He sat back down and feigned no further interest. The rest looked at each other uneasily. Even Tusk was conflicted; he would never understand his shaman but he would not stand against him. Baer looked around, reading each face and said in closing, So be it then.

A little later while Dawn soaked Chaikos hand in cool water, she shook her head not able to understand why he had done such an inexplicable thing. But Chaiko just smiled at her, not pointing out to her it was his left hand, which would have been a small consolation for her anyway.
It was Tusk who suggested the place for the battle, and those who knew it agreed with this as an ideal location. Then in quick succession, everyone was told to prepare for tomorrow; the clan would move off the cave hill onto open land. They were to establish a rear base behind that position they chose for the battle and use a smaller group to lure the enemy into this trap.
Immediately, feverish activity engulfed the cave. Women packed what food they would need and a few essentials. The rest was buried or hidden. They would take their digging sticks, for in the worst case they would defend themselves and their children.
Chaiko, having withdrawn to his fire, stared long into the flames. He was feeling alone in the stand he had taken, and although he knew he had made an impression, he did not know its extent. He watched the glow of the fire and was not surprised when he saw the bull stand in the flames eating the embers. Like the last time, the beast lifted his head and Chaiko saw the full extent of his scar. The bull receded into the fire again.
Chaiko thought hard about the days ahead and saw clearly what he must do. It was now only a question of details. As a first step, he must transform himself into more of a shaman. He would have to look more like a shaman than any shaman, to fill his people with confidence and his enemies with dread. But he would need a few props for this, and quickly.
Dawn, he called to his mate, fix me my feather cape and the deer-skull cap with the horns. Dawn was taken aback by his request; the whole cave was packing to move and he was worrying about ceremonial garb?
Next he called Kray. I will need a bison head, with horns, mane and hair on the head. He thought a moment and added, It need not have eyes. Kray looked at the shaman with amazement at such a strange request. Where was he supposed to get that? The shaman had not told him. He left with a worried expression on his face.
Ruba was next. Get me a black bird or a crow. Rubas eyes grew large, but Chaiko just said, You are a very clever young man; surely you can do such a small thing for me? Ruba was going to try his hardest.
As last Chaiko tackled Cosh. He waved him over and for the first time he used his full authority as shaman of the clan to make an official request of him. I want you to find me the largest and longest bull snake.
Bull Snake?! Cosh recoiled in horror. You want me to get you a poisonous bull snake whose bite is instant death?!
Yes, Chaiko said, regarding the lead scout. Wheres the problem?
Why not ask for a saber tooth, or a woolly rhinoceros? Cosh asked sarcastically.
No need. A simple bull snake will do.
A simple? Cosh was flabbergasted but saw that the shaman was intending to stick to his demand. He backed away, shaking his head. I suppose, alive?
No, dead would be good. But make sure it has all of its body parts, Chaiko called after him. It is no use to me if its missing a head or such.
The scout looked at him in utter disbelief. How am I to kill it without harming it?
But the shaman was willing to leave all such minor details to him. Cosh backed away, hoping until the last that the shaman would cancel his request, but he did not. Cosh disappeared, muttering.
Chaiko was so used to working out all the details that he found this delegating of tasks refreshing, though unnerving at the same time, for it was hard for him to let go of the responsibilities. Let them work it out for themselves! he told himself.
Kray returned first with a bison skull that still had some hair on it, though the inside and the eyes were missing. He sounded apologetic, but Chaiko reassured him it was just right. Ruba came and brought him a dead black bird. He did not say how he got it and the shaman did not ask him. Chaiko began preparing a staff about his height, with a forked end. He worked away at it, seemingly unconcerned with all the activity around him. Before the evening meal, Cosh came by, dropped a large leather sack and went off still muttering. A little later Dawn looked at the strange sack she had not seen before and squealed in horror upon looking inside it. Immediately people wanted to fall on it with sticks and stones, and it took all of Chaikos power to save his prize. He did not think he could get Cosh to find him another. That night Dawn refused to sleep near him and the carefully guarded sack. What was the matter with her man?
Early next morning Cosh was sent out to check on the progress of the enemy. Shortly thereafter Tusk led a mix of about twenty men to entice the horde north as planned. The rest of the clan left the cave for a half-days march to the north. Chaiko carried his strange collection in the sack which Dawn wanted nothing to do with. The procession moved fairly quickly and did not stop until it reached its destination on a plateau overlooking the intended battlefield.
At being shown the layout of the terrain, everybody agreed on the wisdom of this choice. There was a narrow valley that led into a shallow depression surrounded by a small rise behind which the men of the clans could easily hide. The women and children and the few old people were safely out of the way on the next plateau farther back.
The plan was, of course, to lure the Tolmecs into the depression. The spears and the talons should then do the rest. If the battle went badly, the clan could easily retreat east, the terrain to either side preventing the Tolmecs from outflanking them.
Baer carefully outlined the order of battle. The intention was to spring the trap early in the morning so that the enemy would be forced to look into the sun and not see the spears, talons and rocks flying at them. Baer discussed signals, a series of hand gestures to manage the course of the battle. Though finger talking was common among the clans, there were enough variations to produce confusion. The signals were thus simplified and reduced in number. Shift right, shift left, cover, advance and retreat. There were three groups with Baer at the centre, Laars on the right, and Vakai on the left. Tusks group of twenty would join the middle after luring the enemy into the basin.
That done, it was up to the fortunes of battle to decide the score. When night fell, no fires were allowed. In the darkness they saw a fire far to the east and two runners were sent to bring more reinforcements to the clan. To the southwest a number of fires was visible, presumed to be the Tolmec horde. Baer, scanning the south, wondered where Cosh and Tusk were with their groups.
It was one of those summer nights, soft and full of mild smells of plants maturing and starting to yield their harvest. The moon was bright enough to see by. The leaders gave a short address to their people.
Laars said, We came not just because we are clan, but because our land would be next. It thus does not matter if we fight here or at our homes, it matters only that we acquit ourselves well... He went on for awhile, extolling the virtues of courage and determination.
Vakais speech was much shorter. Tomorrow we will be well tested for our mettle. Tomorrow weapons will fly and weapons will clash. Tomorrow some of us will no longer sit among us. I myself, perhaps. But today I want to shake every hand and if I ever wounded you in jest or in earnest, I ask your forgiveness. May all of us fare well, and those who die, may they die well.
Then Baer stood up. He did not want to have the evening end on such a despondent note, so he intended to rekindle some enthusiasm in the people. On the eve of a great battle we ponder our lives and say farewell to things that bind us to this life for indeed tomorrow we might well die.
And yet looking on these things, what shall the North say to the South, having witnessed a great struggle here? It will say, and generations will repeat it, that the East faced down the West and repulsed it. It is our time to write the story of our people that will be spoken of long after we all have died, whether here or in the comfort of old age. It will be remembered that on the day it mattered, we did all we could, be it in peace or in war. I, Baer of the Standing-Rock Clan, thank you all for coming and wish you all well.
It was now time for the shaman to speak. He rose, chanting an incantation through some burning sweet grass as he walked among them. Be strong, be sure, let the strength of your arm not fail you, let courage fill your heart, and all such things that were expected for a coming battle. For good measure, he called upon the spirit of all ancestors to aid them.
Throughout all the speeches and posturing, the women sat huddled close together holding onto one another, tearful as they listened to their men preparing for the battle  for all their lives. It was indeed hard to be a Hunter and a Warrior. Only lithe little Lana wished she were a man so that she could repay the hospitality of the Tolmecs. Perhaps then the nightmares would cease.
The clan then rested, at least those who could, and the remainder lay awake and wondered about the morrow. Baer and Chaiko were among those whom sleep eluded.

Chapter 26
Well before sunrise the next morning, Crow arrived panting with a message from Cosh. Toemain himself was leading the horde. He had brought eighty more warriors with him, so the total enemy strength was now above four hundred. Cosh and Chandar had gone to join Tusks group to help lure the enemy into the prepared position. They were hoping to lead their foes into the trap shortly after sunrise.
The leaders of the clans were quickly summoned and told the news about four hundred of the enemy coming. That would make the odds about four to one, they figured out after some laborious calculations. However, all agreed that they should proceed as planned. Vakai said, It would be a shame to have such a noble gathering of the clans wasted by withdrawing from battle so ignobly.
They grilled Crow, who reported seeing Toemain at a distance but could describe him only as a large man needing a lot of paint to cover his body. He could not describe the multitude, saying it was an impressive flood of people, like bison moving into a valley. And who counted bison, anyway?
In the grayness of pre dawn, a clan group of seventeen Killebrew and eight Omaani arrived. Ushi was beside himself with the excitement of greeting his clansmen, all the more since he found his brother Umlaut, ten years his junior, among them.
Umi, Umi! the trader shouted as he pounced on his brother and pounded him. To Ushi it had become a matter of honor to have his clan represented in the coming conflict, so he was exceedingly glad for their arrival. He introduced them to Baer and reported that more were on the way but would be too late for this encounter. Baer greeted the new arrivals warmly, quickly sketched out the battle plan and assigned them to the left flank under Vakai and his Sharp-Owls.
Everybody was eating, or at least those who could, chewing on something to fortify themselves. This morning all their strength would be required. There was an oppressive quiet in anticipation of what was ahead; people talked softly to each other, as if the enemy were already within earshot.
A little later, Baer searched out Chaiko and said, We are about one hundred and fifty strong. And more are coming. He looked to the east, calculating the time they had left before having to take their position. We have to start soon. The two brothers looked at each other, their destiny before them. Keep safe, brother, Baer urged, embracing him. You, too, Chaiko replied but could say no more for the emotions choking him. This morning he had found his composure fragile and was irritable from sleeplessness. Several times during the past nights he had awakened from horrible nightmares, tormented by the recurring theme of torrents of blood. During his waking hours he kept his mind under strict control, but was helpless to block out the fears seeping through his dreams. Now, only half of him was there, standing in the early chill of dawn; the other half was still searching desperately for a way out of the coming violence. It seemed to him that no one was even remotely interested in avoiding this conflict.
A light drizzle fell from the shreds of clouds overhead. Chaiko worried that the Falcons strings would become slack from the moisture, but the rain quickly passed.
This morning he dressed with unusual care, Dawn assisting him. Around his neck he placed three tokens: Bogans tell-markhe would need all its power today; the warthog-tusk to remind himself that death was always close; and Crier-Bird, the flute that once belonged to the Yellow-Flint, who had probably been a Tolmec living in seclusion on clan land. He put on the feather cape and tied on the deer-skull cap, the horns polished to sharp points, then took in his hand a stout staff on which he affixed securely the bison head. He tried to tie the black bird onto the horn but it looked so limp that he discarded it. Next, he took the bull snake and wound it about the staff, then into the bison skull with the snake head sticking out a hollow eye. The effect was as terrifying as he had intended. He was satisfied. Today he had to look like a shaman, to impress friend and enemy alike.
Ruba, he grabbed the boy racing by. Ruba took one look at the shaman and his face distorted with fright. Have you done what I asked? The boy could only gape at him, trying to close his mouth which kept dropping open. Chaiko shook him. Did you place the bundles as I asked? Ruba nodded and stammered out a yes.
Chaiko next went to Ushi, and watched his eyes grow round at the sight of the shaman. Ushi, today I need you to be brave. If I call to you, you must come to me  no matter where I am. Understand? The trader did not, but nodded anyway.
Chaiko then found Crow who was talking to Lana in earnest leave-taking. He pulled Crow to the side and explained in detail what he wanted his friend to do. Throughout Crow shook his head protesting, but Chaiko insisted and finally ordered him to do his bidding. Crow lowered his head and gave in.
Baer who was watching the sky, calculating the progress of dawn, gave the order, Let us get ready, let us move. The women of the Standing-Rock clan rushed into the crowd, their faces earnest, some crying for one more look, one more touch. There might not be another.
Tanya found Baer, grabbed his hand and placed it on her breast, beneath which her heart was beating furiously. Be safe, she pleaded. His face pulled into a strained smile; it was wrenching to go off into battle leaving loved ones behind.
Dawn had no trouble finding Chaiko, with his tall head-dress looming over all other heads. Kaiko, she mumbled ready to cry, her eyes blinking rapidly to hold back the tears. But it was not Chaiko who looked back at her, but a strange creature, half man, the rest a mixture of animal and spirit. The eyes, however, cleared briefly and the creature smiled what was meant to be a reassuring smile, but it increased her feeling of unease. This could not be happening!
Lana was hanging onto Crow, her words fierce in his ears, Be strong, be merciless. Remember the hospitality they served you with. Today you can return their courtesies. But be ... be careful. Crow nodded, but could say nothing to fill the moment. Then the general movement about him tore them apart.
Makar held onto Ido until the very last, loath to let her go. His heart was beating with excitement; he wanted to start the battle yet still be beside her all at the same time. His feet got confused and he nearly fell, but Kray grabbed him in time. Kray waved to Yaya impatiently; he was much too concerned with what lay ahead to worry about what he was leaving behind. Malek too was captured by the drama of the moment, wondering how he could communicate it in a painting.
Ulla cried of course. With her hands to her mouth, her eyes overflowing with tears, she looked after the disappearing Stow. Calla put a consoling arm around the girl and called after her mate, Now dont be a fool, you old fool. Kor waved back, a spear in his hand adorned with a fine flint head. Today he was going to kill somebody or something.
Around the leave-taking, the men of the other clans looked on envious of the last goodbyes, but happy at the same time that their loved ones were safe in some distant land. Then by groups the clans moved off: the Sharp-Owl, the Dorgeys, the Makeyes, the Lesser-Bear-Claws, the Black-Pearls, the Omaanis, the Killebrews, and the Standing-Rocks. The procession unwound in the proud battle order of the clans, marching toward their destiny. Surely such a fine display of clan strength and solidarity would be irresistible.
They moved past the last of the women waving goodbye on the plateau, down the incline to the level of the plain. They soon reached the basin and spread to either side around its eastern perimeter, Vakai and his people to the left, Laars and his to the right, while Baer and his clan occupied the centre.
Simm stood with the Lesser-Bear-Claw, where he now belonged, but he also wanted to be with the Standing-Rock Clan. He wanted to be everywhere, he told the others around him, and they reassured him that he was.
The basin was empty yet, a dull green place of ambiguous shadows in the dim light. But dawn was nigh, a streak of blue, lightening by the moment. Baer signalled everyone to stay out of sight behind the rim, and the clans pulled back. Baer went part way into the basin to make sure nothing was visible. Reassured, he came back and stood for a time with Chaiko, struck by his strange attire. He looked at the staff and was startled to recognize the bull snake. Instinctively he pulled back. What was Chaiko trying to do?
Chaiko was deep within himself. At times he felt foolish about the strange get-up, at other times, relieved to be so well hidden under it, so that even his fear would not be visible. But today, everybody must recognise him as a shaman, particularly the enemy.
They waited, some patiently, the rest less so. A line of men was stationed around the eastern end of the basin, just out of sight from below, hidden by a slight berm at the edge of the rim. The sun peeked over the horizon behind them, lighting up the sky as it touched the land. With the gentleness of a soft caress, the warmth of sunshine passed over them to illuminate the land in front, but not yet reaching the hollow of the basin.
Where was Tusk? The moment was just right with the sun in the enemys face; the light would blind them completely. Where was Cosh? Baer worried. Would the moment pass and with it their advantage? But even as the basin filled with colors and minute by minute the sun climbed higher in the sky behind them, nothing happened to the fore.
Chaiko recited the phrases customary before such critical, earnest moments. Be strong, be of courage, be careful. Alternating, he beseeched the spirits, Turn aside spears, fill the enemies heart with fear, turn their joints to water so they cannot stand in the field against the clans. He held onto thoughts of victory. But his eyes could not shut out the memory of his dreams, the river of blood flowing, filling the basin in front of him. How could he stop that? Why was it up to him alone? Surely the others could see it? Spilt blood called out for more. Once it started no one could stop it. His resolution grew; he would do whatever he could. His eyes searched out the three bundles that were placed, disguised by a turf of grass, near the centre of the basin. Good, Ruba had done his job, three bundles of pitch and rope ready to be set afire. He looked for Crow to his right but could not find him in the press. Baer came over and led him to a spot where the two of them could stand with a good view of the ground to the front, screened by a lone bush.
Tusk must come soon, Baer whispered hoarsely.
He will when he can, Chaiko said in a calm tone, in contrast to the turmoil raging inside. A rising sense of unreality gripped him: was this really happening?
Then there was a sound from below, faint at first. Some shouting. It drew nearer, nearer, but maddeningly out of sight. To the left Vakai crept up to the rim, and peeked over, trying to see. Do you hear it? Baer asked hoarsely, whispering as if the unseen enemy could already hear what he had to say. The sound swelled in intensity, then a figure rounded into view from the slight twist of the draw that led into the basin. A Dorgey! Brandishing his preferred war club. Then quickly others burst into view. There was Chandar and then Cosh, facing back towards the route from which they had just come, one by one retreating up into the draw. Last to come, of course, was Tusk, his big frame easily recognizable even at a distance. He must have given a command, for all hastened through the passage into the opening of the basin, where they quickly reformed facing west.
Then a figure emerged into view, a Tolmec. Even at the distance the red paint of his head and upper body was visible. He moved cautiously after the retreating clan but waited until many more of his numbers arrived. They advanced a third of the way up the draw, but would not come deeper, perhaps suspecting a trap. Two, then three, clambered up the side of the draw, trying to see ahead.
Someone in command must had arrived, for the warriors advanced into the basin briskly, then spread out on the left side where it was not overlooked by the height of walls. Again they paused, as Tusks group withdrew in a tight order further to the east end of the basin.
On the other side more and more Tolmecs spilled through the draw and spread out on either side. To the middle a cluster became recognisable, their leaders carefully examining the lay of the land. From their gestures, it was obvious they were suspicious of the terrain. They held their numbers under control and allowed no further progress. Still they came, and more kept coming. The denseness of their ranks increased.
Baer and Chaiko watched the numbers growing. They had not seen such crowds since the last Gathering. Surely that must be four hundred by now, Chaiko thought. But he was wrong, for a fresh group arrived surrounding a big man. Toemain! The Chief of Chiefs of the Tolmec tribes was there, in the middle of the throng, all yielding to him respectfully. He appeared to look about, sizing up the situation and listening to reports. His power and prestige were added to the risks of this battle. For before his eyes the Tolmec would be fiendishly ferocious, without any remorse, all seeking to impress the Chief of Chiefs.
We will see some action now, said Baer under his breath. Chaiko looked concerned at Tusks small group. He wondered how they felt, facing this horde now for the second day, harrying it with brief nuisance attacks followed by a quick fade into the terrain. Tusk stood his ground and calmly waited for the Tolmecs to reveal their intentions.
The ranks of the horde were reforming with a practiced ease when about thirty warriors detached themselves and suddenly sprinted into the basin. A shout rose from the Tolmecs as the charge gathered speed and reached toward the clan, wanting to test their resolve. Tusk waited, then flashed a sign and a handful of talons flew into the air in graceful arcs to strike into the midst of the enemy. Shrill cries of pain sounded, and a few dropped to the ground but the rest rushed on. A second flight of talons swooped down and more dropped into the grass. But still they came on. Tusk gave another order and the clan retreated neatly, backward up the gentle slope, still facing the enemy. The groups were equal now, both about twenty or so, quickly closing. There was again a flight of talons and this time a return of spears. Both sides recoiled from the impact. A Makeye was down, grazed on the thigh by a spear, blood gushing from the gash.
To the waiting clan the suspense was becoming unbearable. They could hear the shouting and cries of pain coming closer and closer, but below the rim still could not see the actions causing them. Every nerve vibrated with anticipation, but the arranged signal hadnt been given. The leaders of the groups strained to see Baer near the middle, hoping for the sign that would allow them to advance into battle. The lines trembled with impatience, but still the signal was not given. Knuckles turned white, clutching weapons. The sounds of a skirmish were coming even closer.
The charging Tolmecs caught sight of the clan in hiding and sounded a warning shout. The rush stopped and the warriors pulled back in good order, dragging their casualties with them. The rest of the waiting Tolmecs, seeing their numbers retreat, slowly advanced to meet them. A report of the clans battle order, hiding behind the rim, was transmitted to Toemain, who issued quick commands. The line of Tolmecs readjusted itself facing full east. It shifted still, an even depth of warriors facing the new threat. A leader strode to the fore and addressed his men, gesturing grandly. The Tolmecs relished this moment; their enemies were treed and the coming conflict was now certain and unavoidable. All that remained was a quick violent clash to assure a Tolmec victory. The leader strode about conscious of this fact, his voice clear and confident.
What is he doing? Baer asked.
Probably firing them up, Chaiko answered, feeling even more unreal.
Well, before they get too hot, we had better line ourselves up so that we can see them coming and use the Falcons to good effect. Baer gave a signal and the clan advanced into view over the entire perimeter of the eastern rim. The line stood proud, giving a cheer of defiance and a shrill hunting call as a forest of spears waved at the enemy, daring them to come. They were obviously fewer than on the other side, but considerably larger than what the enemy expected. The hooked-nosed leader in front stopped speaking and looked to Toemain for instruction. The big man took his time to consider the situation.
An eerie pause ensued, so quiet that each person could hear his own blood pounding; the earth itself seemed to shake with the impact of it. The two sides looked at each other, motionless, probably counting numbers and struggling with the arithmetic. Everyone waited for the order to be given that would unleash the battle.
Then a stir went through the horde; again the hooked-nosed leader went up and down their line, shouting and haranguing.
Are they not hot enough already? Baer asked irritated. When will they come and fight? The horde must come to the clan, not the other way around. Baer checked the line of the clan to the left, then to the right. Earnest faces were set, determined.
It will take them awhile to work up some frenzy before they attack, said Chaiko heavily, but this is my moment that I must ask you for.
Baer looked at his brother in surprise. What was he intending to do? It was too late to talk peace, with both sides fully deployed, glowering at each other and with casualties between them, some the horde, some the clan. Nonetheless ... said Chaiko fatalistically and strode forward into the basin at a deceptively calm pace. Again Hook-Nose paused surprised and watched this new development unfolding. The horde waited. Time was on their side; let the fear grow at the sight of the numbers arrayed against the enemy.
Outwardly calm, Chaiko kept going, but his heart was hammering. What was he doing here? Exposing himself to more danger? Was he really doing the right thing? Was there indeed a right thing? The top-heavy staff walked in front of him. His wooden leg feeling more awkward than usual, he proceeded stiffly, afraid to stumble and lose the moment of suspense as both sides tried to figure out what he was up to. He reached the middle of the basin. Stopped. Looked significantly around the assembled of both sides. Then he thrust his staff firmly into the soft soil, and, to the astonishment of all, sat down behind it.
From a pouch he pulled some grass and twigs and as unconcerned as he could look, made a fire with an ember he uncovered from its packet of clay. The fire smoked reluctantly till he cast some kuma-seed into it. The flash and smoke surprised both groups.
Chaiko leaned into the rising smoke and intoned some nonsense words in a loud voice, Akaigo tema lisso plecckto ... He hoped it looked shamanish enough. He had done all he could; what would the other side do?
But the Tolmecs did nothing as they watched him gesticulating and talking into the smoke. Aaiie, aaiiiee, aaiiiiee... he screamed, raising a few goosebumps on both sides. Aiiee, aiiee ... Something had better happen soon, he thought, for he was running out of ideas.
Toemain said something then the line of warriors parted and a narrow little man came into view. Toemain spoke again and most reluctantly, the man advanced toward Chaiko.
Their shaman! Could this be Latto, their renowned shaman? Not likely, this one smelled too much of fear. As the man neared, he broke into a chant of his own. Starting to dance and make gestures toward Chaiko as if exorcising demons. Chaiko cast more kuma-seed into the fire and the resulting explosion of smoke put an end to the mans posturing. Chaiko motioned for him to sit. The man was obviously hesitant and cast longing glances back toward the Tolmecs, but doubtless Toemains presence deterred him from outright retreat. He sat at a safe distance, however, looking with horrified fascination at the staff with the snake crawling out of the bisons eye. Chaiko reached out and shook the shaft and hissed loudly. The man nearly jumped out of his skin in fright. So the Tolmecs can recognise a bull snake, Chaiko thought, sneering at the man. The shaman looked back at him uncomprehending. But Chaiko was assured of his full attention.
Chaiko had no clear idea how to proceed next or to what effect. He had achieved a moment where as long as both sides were fixed on him, he could hold back the fighting. But what to do next? He stood up, letting the man see his wooden leg to impress him. Then he pointed dramatically at the bison head.
Both sides waited expectantly, not knowing for what. Then out of the ranks of the clan the shrill piercing cry of a falcon raced across the open space to bury itself into the tuft of bison hair. What was that, that flew so swift? Chaiko signalled again. And again a talon screamed in flight. Then again, and three talons were sticking out of the bison head, the reed whistles tied to the shafts. The Tolmec shaman looked stupidly at the bison head and at the sticks of wood that seemed to suddenly grow out of it. That was lesson one. Chaiko had clearly demonstrated that he had a fierce weapon at his command that could kill at a distance three times greater than the reach of any Tolmec spear. A few Tolmecs had already experienced the terror of it but most had not.
Time, he guessed, for lesson two. Crow be watchful! He made a signal by pointing to one of the bundles hidden in the grass. This time a talon flew trailing a fiery tail of some burning material wrapped tightly around the shaft. It landed in the grass and the incendiary bundle soon caused a fierce blaze that all could see had been somehow transplanted there. Magic, magic; both sides took a step back. The Tolmec shaman froze, paralyzed by fear. Chaiko pointed again and a fiery line streaked across the sky and another fire burst into flames and blazed. I can set your world afire, Chaiko promised his enemies with this demonstration. Chishiyah eatah, he shouted into the confusion and pointed to the last bundle. Again, on cue, the grass erupted into a fierce blaze. He waited patiently, until the flames shrivelled into a rising tail of smoke.
There was but one more lesson left. He fervently hoped the three would be enough. Fear rushed through him, but he pushed it away. Dont lose your nerve now. He signalled again with a grand flourish and somewhere far to the back, Crow ignited pitch-soaked grass packed into a clump of clay. Then, sticking it atop a long flexible pole, he whipped it toward the enemy. Chaiko held his breath; it would help if the clay were to land near the Tolmecs. It did not. It landed about halfway between the painted horde and Chaiko, but where it landed the earth burst into flames. The Tolmecs pulled back in alarm. Where were these infernal weapons coming from? How could that shaman command them? A rumble of concern broke out in the ranks and the orderly lines of men shivered in fear.
Chaiko signalled again, and hoped the clay would not drop behind him. It did not. It landed closer to the Tolmecs, and again it burst into fire violently. The front row of the Tolmecs started pushing back, away from all this magic. Toemain yelled and the lines froze obediently.
Chaiko signalled again, and the last of his devices flew into the air. Spellbound, friend and foe alike watched the head-sized lump climb into the sky then began its way down. This time the ranks broke completely and surged back, the ground erupting in flames where they had been. Well done, Crow! Chaiko exulted, the demonstration having proceeded better than he could have hoped, each throw more dangerous than the last.
Well, thats it, Chaiko said to himself. What next? He had no more tricks left, no more weapons to throw at the enemy. It was clear the Tolmecs were impressed, but enough to overlook their three times superiority in numbers over the clan facing them? He looked at the ranks swaying back and forth. Here and there a leader waded into his men and laid about with the shaft of his spear. Toemain himself stabbed one of his chosen, who lay on the ground slowly bleeding to death.
Order slowly returned to the line. It coalesced and formed up again. Hook-Nose was striding op and down in front of the ranks, shouting at the men.
Feeling defeated, Chaiko sat down. What else could he do? Should he run back to the clan? That would surely draw the horde after him, like a wolf that has caught the scent of fear. No. Well then, he would die here in the rush holding onto his staff. Perhaps the bull snake in front would give him some room, but he doubted it.
Hook-Nose was working himself up into a fine frenzy. His gestures became more and more violent, and spittle foamed in his mouth in his eagerness to spew his hate. The line started to surge back and forth, impatient to be unleashed. Chaiko could feel their intensity building and knew they were approaching the release point when the whole line would charge forward. And there was nothing he could do about it. Behind him he heard the faint shouts of the clan, but in his isolation they sounded very far away.
His hands reached for the tell-mark around his neck and he thought, Bogan. Then his hand brushed another familiar object. It was Crier-Bird, the flute of Yellow Flint. He looked stupidly at it. Then on a sudden impulse, thinking to put a dent into Hook-Noses ranting, he blew into it. A sharp sound cut into the air. He changed his fingering over the holes and the sound rose still shriller. He blew as hard as he could, the volume hurting his ears.
Then the most amazing thing happened. The more he blew into the flute, the quieter things got before him. Hook-Nose stopped his yelling, stopped his pacing and stood facing him, his expression thunderstruck, mouth agape. The whole line stood frozen yet again by something this shaman was doing.
Chaiko ran out of breath and stopped. He was dizzy from all the blowing and the world lurched beneath him, but he fought down the nausea and looked about trying to make sense of things. The Tolmec shaman was looking at him with big eyes, the rest of his face slack with surprise and bewilderment. But strangely he no longer looked afraid, only astonished. Around them was complete quiet. Even the clan was quiet, held by the strange response of their enemy. Chaiko blew gently into Crier-Bird and a soft sound issued forth. He blew into it again and again, the sound entering into the silence then fading into silence again. Where did this silence come from? Why was the enemy so frozen in shock? By the sound of a piece of bone? The thin sound of a flute holding back the violence of the enemy?
The shaman came to life, pointed a trembling finger, and for the first time began to speak words that unfortunately made no sense. Ablatto damada Avlatto?? Chaiko shook his head and tried the only word he thought he knew, Samano?
The man blinked but for the first time dared to approach him. His hand was pointing to Crier-Bird. Ashke Ablatto etuta ... Nothing made sense. Still the horde held back. Held back by the magic of sound?
Chaiko looked toward his own people and saw Baer standing there, Tusk, Cosh, Crow and Ushi. Ushi! Of course, Ushi! He made the agreed upon signal, but Ushi did not move. He signalled again, and this time, with obvious reluctance, Ushi laid down his weapon then, with empty hands clearly showing, he advanced into the basin and walked up to their position.
Ushi, this is their shaman. Find out what he wants.
Ushi looked from one to the other then launched into a series of sounds that had the clips and clicks of the tongue that passed for what the Tolmecs used. The shaman unleashed a torrent of words in reply. Ushi turned to Chaiko and said, I can understand only some of his words, but not his meaning.
Well, try again, Chaiko ordered, and blew into Crier-Bird to keep the horde peaceful. Well?
I am sorry, for some stupid reason he keeps calling you Abolatto, said Ushi, his brows wrinkled with a deep frown.
I dont care what he calls me, find out what this thing has to do with all this, Chaiko told Ushi, showing him the bone flute.
Again Ushi disappeared into the strange halting sounds as he tried to force himself into their language. The reaction from the shaman was energetic; a whole river of words flowed from him. Ushi shook himself despairingly, unable to keep up with the speed. Hes highly excited and speaks too fast. I cant keep up with him. The few words I can understand make no sense.
Try again, Chaiko commanded, feeling very unreal that he was in the middle of a battlefield blowing into a piece of bone and trying to figure out what a babbling shaman was trying to tell them. He cast an apprehensive look toward the Tolmecs, but they were watching him intently. Again he blew a soft sound. Could anything be any stranger than this?
Apparently, yes! The shaman laid himself flat on the ground at Chaikos feet and pleaded with him in incomprehensible words.
What is it? Chaiko asked in alarm. Is the shaman losing his mind? Or am I?
He keeps calling you Abolatto. And is begging for your respect? Thats all I can understand, Ushi said frustrated.
Well, then, what is this Abolatto? Chaiko asked. What does it signify?
Abolatto is the formal, long form of Lattoi, Ushi said, his eyes growing big.
So? asked Chaiko, irritated with having to blow into the flute to keep the world from exploding into violence.
Latto is their Spirit-Guide, Ushi said watching Chaiko carefully. He thought that since Chaiko had done such unexpected things and more, he must indeed be a Spirit-Guide, as the other shaman claimed.
No, no. That cant be! was Chaikos immediate reaction to this. But then he saw the prostrate form of the man, the waiting lines of the horde and reconsidered. Do not be too quick to cast away an opportunity, he cautioned himself. But there had to be a better explanation for all this. Ask him what he wants of me!
Ushi spoke slowly this time and the thin man nodded his head with unaccustomed energy. He wants you to tell them what to do, Ushi translated uncertainly.
About what? Chaiko asked. Was there ever going to be any sense to all this?
About everything, repeated Ushi, scratching his head.
Everything? But Ushi just shrugged his shoulders.
Well, if it is going to be everything, tell him to stop the war, Chaiko said. Ask for the sky and settle for a cloud, he thought.
I dont know how to say that. I dont know the word for war, Ushi said apologetically.
Well then, ask him to stop fighting, Chaiko suggested.
I dont know fighting either, said Ushi, his hands spread, gesturing his helplessness.
Well, what do you know then? Hostilities? Anger? but each time Ushi shook his head.
I know. I can ask them to stop wrestling. Will that do? Ushi said brightening.
All right, try wrestling, and Chaiko watched while Ushi put it to the shaman in slow, painful words. The face of the shaman looked puzzled. Finally, Chaiko pointed to the Tolmecs and their multitudes, then to the line of the clan, then made a universal negative gesture. He did it again and watched as the shaman repeated the signs back to him. He nodded to confirm, but had to wonder what he was really agreeing to.
The shaman went back to the Tolmecs and called to them in a loud voice pointing back at Chaiko. The only word Chaiko thought he understood was Abolatto. Sounds of astonishment coursed through the ranks. The shaman kept on talking in an insistent, penetrating voice. At times, Chaiko blew into Crier-Bird to help him. The shaman was shouting with fanatical zeal, striding around, his arm in the air as if calling the spirits to aid him. Little by little people started nodding in some sort of agreement. The more the shaman talked, the more they nodded. Even Toemain. The attitude of the spears relaxed.
Chaiko turned to Ushi and asked, What are they saying?
They speak too fast for me to follow. But their shaman is persuasive, I give him that. Look how even Big Nose is agreeing with him now.
It was true. There seemed some agreement all right, but still the Tolmecs did not retreat. The shaman returned, bowed respectfully to Chaiko and made a sign for him to follow.
He wants me to come? Chaiko asked, about to take his staff but thought better of it. This was a new game now, and the staff had belonged to the old one. Well, Ushi, you come too.
Me among the Tolmecs? asked Ushi, taken aback by that prospect, but if Chaiko went, he had to go with him. They crossed the distance and soon stood in front of Toemain, who looked at Chaiko from under the fleshy folds of his eyes. He asked something. The shaman answered, then made a motion for Chaiko to come closer still. Chaiko shook his head no. This was close enough, he thought; let his largeness come the short distance. His largeness did. Ponderously he approached Chaiko, towering over him, having to bend down so he could peer into his face. Next he pointed to Crier-Bird and said something. Chaiko did not wait for Ushi to translate but blew into it, asking himself what their Spirit-Guide would blow. He thought maybe something slow, that rose and fell in succession. He blew and his guess must have been close enough for fresh excitement to sweep the crowd. Then all wanted to get near him. They reached out and touched him. Toemain barked out something and everyone stepped back. Then Toemain reached out a hand but stopped just short of touching him, reverence on his face. With the shyest of the gestures that Chaiko would have thought the big man incapable of, he touched Chaiko on the shoulder, lingered for the briefest instant and pronounced himself satisfied. But satisfied with what? He gave a command and the warriors started pulling back into the draw. Toemain stayed for a minute then he, too, left the scene. A few of the later warriors reached out as they passed and touched Chaiko but then snatched their hands away so as not to be intrusive or insulting. In spite of their facial paint, the reverence was clearly recognizable. Going by, each bowed his head. Group after group departed till there was no one left but Chaiko, Ushi and the shaman. Chaiko looked at the man with renewed interest. Why did he stay?
Chaiko then looked at Ushi and they traded incredulous looks. I guess we will not wrestle today, observed Ushi wryly as they turned to face the clan rushing toward them. The Tolmec shaman looked a bit apprehensive, but Chaiko patted him reassuringly on the back and the man visibly relaxed.
What happened? Baer demanded. Where did they go? What did you tell them? Who is this?
I wish I could enlighten you, brother, but I know almost as little as you, Chaiko chuckled; he had to, for all of a sudden, there was no war. The realisation burst into an inner elation. You tried to trick them, but in the end they surprised you, he mused to himself, still shaking his head. Aloud he said, This is their shaman and maybe he and Ushi can unravel the mystery of all this. But he was beginning to have a glimmer of understanding. Last year their Spirit-Guide had found solitude in clan land, where he could hide in quiet and contemplate the spirit realm. All year Chaiko had wondered who the stranger was and had called him Yellow Flint, after the flint of that color found at the mans campsite. As for the bone flute which Chaiko called Crier-Bird, the Tolmecs had recognized the tone and were stopped by the sound of it. It was as if Latto were speaking to them through the flute, telling them to stop, and they had obeyed. But why had they called him Latto? Probably some misunderstanding in the mix of languages.
They think that Chaiko is their lost Spirit-Guide Latto, or Abolatto, Ushi said, but that did not particularly enlighten anyone.
Tusk and Cosh formed a group again to shadow the retreating Tolmecs.
Tusk, no wrestling today, Chaiko called after him, and he and Ushi started to laugh uncontrollably in a flush of release from all the tension. The others looked at them in surprise not knowing what to make of it. But today was a most unusual day. Nothing made any sense.
Baer looked at his brother, and tried to think of something sensible to ask or say. Finally he burst out, Well, do we have war? Or do we have peace?
Chaiko looked at him and said, I wish I knew.
*****
With sinking hearts the women had waved as the clan marched away to battle. They had positioned themselves along the edge of the plateau to watch with great trepidation as the clans took up their assigned positions. With the distance, everything looked so small that it was hard to believe that war was in the offing. For a long time nothing had happened.
Then suddenly Tusks group came into view and behind them the flood of the horde. With her heart in her mouth, Tanya was grateful that she was not a man who now would have to kill. Dawn stood beside her, holding onto Yael. Ile, Calla and the rest of the women crowded about them. Can you see anything? someone asked.
Not much to see; they are standing there looking at each other, said Nebu who had unusually good eyes. She reported the progress of the battle to them. Oh, there is an attack by the Tolmecs, some have fallen. Now our people are going forward and the enemy is running away. But there are many, many of them and so few of us.
Is Kor all right? Can you see him? Calla asked, her voice shaky with worry.
He is fine. His group is not yet involved.
What is happening? asked Ela after Nebu had said nothing for some time.
Nothing, said Nebu. They are standing there shaking spears at each other. A strange way to conduct a war, if you ask me. Then they waited impatiently for something to happen.
Wait, something is happening. I think its Chaiko ...
Chaiko? Dawn strained to see into the distance, Yes, its him. What is he doing? Is he going to fight the Tolmecs all by himself? What is happening? Can anybody make it out?
No, said Nebu, who was watching closely, but the nuances were swallowed by the distance. It is Chaiko, sitting in the middle, making a fire.
A fire??? everybody wanted to know.
Is he cookin someting? Tay asked her mother.
No, dear, he is not going to cook, her mother replied.
What is happening now? Dawn asked.
I think someone came to talk with Chaiko. A Tolmec, I think. They are just talking, reported Nebu. Why, there are fires burning here and there. But how? I did not see anybody make them.
How is the battle? Calla wanted to know.
There is no battle that I can see. I always thought they would run at each other and hit each other over the head or something. This is not so. Wait, something is happening again. But none of this makes any sense. Chaiko is going over to the Tolmecs!
Are you sure???! Dawn demanded in alarm. What is Chaiko playing at? Does he not know he has a child and mate to take care of?
Ahh! I think Chaiko is telling the Tolmecs to go! Yes, he is telling them.
What?!
They are going!!
Who?
The Tolmecs.
Are you sure???
Yes. They are leaving! They are leaving! The women were incredulous, looking stupidly at each other. And now the rest of the clan is rushing to Chaiko, Nebu said, excited. She turned to Tanya and asked, Does this mean that we won?
The headwoman could not say. This had not sounded like a battle to her either. Ile proposed suddenly, Lets go down and see.
No! Baer said on no account to go down there! Tanya objected.
But that was if there was a battle, Ile argued, but this was not a battle, I think.
With that they all agreed that it was not what they expected and so they were free to go down. The women streamed down to join their men, whom they found equally confused about what had just taken place.

Chapter 27
Ushi and the Tolmec shaman sat down and started talking in slow measured tones, using many gestures for emphasis. Free of the pressure and tenseness of an impending battle, Ushi found himself understanding more than he expected from his earlier experience. He was able to discern some patterns of similarities and differences between the Tolmec language and the Akarris.
The shamans name was Goglan or Goglain. And once he realised that he was not going to be killed on the spot, he, too, relaxed and tried hard to communicate. There was a fanatical glint behind the cast of his eyes and considerable pressure in his tone. He, obviously, was most eager to talk and share understanding.
In the meantime, Chaiko sat apart from all the commotion swirling about. The others, including his brother and friend Cosh, left him alone, so overawed were they with what he had accomplished. Who else could have done all this but the Master of Fire, the Master of Falcon and the Master of the Magic Flute that had the power to tame even such a savage beast as the Tolmec horde? Was there any further need for proof that Chaiko was magical?
But far from feeling magical, Chaiko was exhausted. He had succeeded but through the most surprising and unexpected twist of events possible. Though they had never met, Latto, or Yellow-Flint, had been an important presence in his life last year, living alone on the plain in close proximity. To have him resurface in his life, with such dramatic impact, was almost beyond his comprehension. Chaiko had even named his son Yael, meaning yellow, in memory of the stranger who had died in the Great Fire that swept the plains. He and Dawn had found his remains and buried them honorably there. Kindness will with kindness be returned ... the words echoed in his mind. How true! It had saved his people from the horror of a most desperate battle.
Dawn approached her mate with some concern. He kept surprising even her. Knowing how deeply he could immerse himself in his thoughts, she touched him very gently. He looked up at her and smiled tiredly. Her sympathies were immediately aroused and she stroked his cheeks and eyelids to relax him. He closed his eyes and leaned back, easing himself into the comfort of her touch, his face going slack.
She looked him over a little more critically. Hunkered down as he was, he looked in his feather cape like some big bedraggled bird cast up by a storm, or like some poor deer overcome by an outbreak of feathers. She undid his cap and removed the cape from him, and a more familiar Chaiko emerged.
What were you doing, taking on the Tolmecs all by yourself? she reprimanded him. Chaiko looked at her in some surprise. Such a direct challenge was uncharacteristic in her upbringing. With the People-of-the-Elk, women did not mix in men things. But men did not mix in women things either.
Dawn massaged his neck and the knots of tension in the muscles there, and worked both shoulders, her strong fingers kneading deep into the stiffness. He relaxed, and his worries became manageable again. He smiled gratefully at her.
Ushi came over to Chaiko and sat down uninvited. His face was alive with the excitement of the information he wanted to share. Right away he broke into a quick-fire speech, You will not believe this! That bone flute belonged to Latto, their great Spirit-Guide. Last year he retreated, as was his habit, to contemplate the spirit world. He had not been seen since!
But when you played the flute, the Tolmecs recognized it right away, for there is no other flute like it. Latto was very fond of playing it and people were familiar with its sound. That is why they froze. They could not figure out how you were in possession of it. Ushi looked very pleased with himself.
But that alone does not clear up why they left when I asked them to, and why they showed so much respect for me, Chaiko mused aloud.
That was Goglans doing. He is the shaman there. Ushi pointed to the Tolmec who was looking about him with some apprehension still. It has been foretold that a great Spirit-Guide would come from the land of the rising sun and save the Tolmecs from drowning in blood. Goglan convinced the Tolmecs, Toemain included, that you are that man. And that they had to obey you so that the prophecy could be fulfilled. And if they did not obey, the prophecy would fail and their entire future would be cast into doubt. He said that you must be a successor to Latto, for you have his flute and his authority. Ushi paused again so that they could mull over this information.
Then Goglan said something I am not clear about yet. He said that all Toemains are really the same. The body grows old and in time it dies and is buried, but not the spirit. The spirit goes into the next Toemain, or some such thing. The authority of the position thus gets passed along with the spirit, directly. Have you ever heard the like? I have not! Ushi shook his head in wonder. This only happens to special men. Now listen to this, they think it is the same with Latto. They think that the spirit of Latto went into you. And that is why you would have his flute and his authority. Ushi stared at Chaiko, his face full of questions.
What? Chaiko finally asked, for Ushis strange scrutiny continued.
You do not feel different in any way? Do you? Ushi was looking strange again.
Me? As if someone else were in me? Chaiko considered the implication of the question with surprise. No. No one is making me do things. I do them, not somebody else.
Are you sure? Ushi, in spite of his disbelief of the Tolmec claim, was unsure of his ground. How do I know that it is not Latto inside you saying that?
Chaiko looked at the man in shock and disbelief. You will have to take my word for it that I am me. Then it occurred to Chaiko that there might be some responsibilities attached to the position he had been cast into so precipitously. What do they expect from me?
I am not quite sure. You are their Spirit-Guide now, you know. But the prophecy also offered some improvement to their lives. Ushi tried to remember if he missed any details. I had better go back and find out.
Chaiko found this all disquieting. He perceived that it gave him a position for working out some resolution to the conflict facing them, but in exchange he also would have to take on some of the Tolmecs problems too. He did not like being a Spirit-Guide, as he knew so little about spirits. As the irony of the situation struck him, he did not know whether to laugh or cry. But then he remembered Corrigan Lebow, the Head Shaman of all the clans, who was not at all concerned with the spiritual or even wished to be.
At midday Tusk returned to report that the Tolmecs had made camp where the main bison track crossed the Clearwater Creek. A small group was sent into the plain to the west, apparently to hunt for food. Otherwise they appeared to be content to stay where they were.
Now what? Tusk wanted to know, much too uneasy with having enemies so close, especially enemies who suddenly did not act like enemies. He did not like the ambiguity. In spite of the odds against the clans, he would have preferred an all out battle to decide the issue of who won or lost.
Cosh had remained to keep an eye on the Tolmecs. He, Chandar and Crow, hidden on high ground, had a good view of the Tolmec encampment. However they found little activity to observe. About fifteen men left to hunt and the rest settled down around a handful of fires, to wait. Wait for what? Tusk wanted to know, distrust eating at him.
They are probably waiting for their shaman, Baer offered reasonably. Maybe even waiting for their Spirit-Guide, he added, looking at his brother, who appeared pained at his last suggestion.
Baer then left to invite the rest of the leaders to council. He invited Ushi as well, since he had proven so useful to the clan. The men came, their faces serious. Most were feeling out of balance because they had all been set for a battle which did not materialize.
The trouble is, said Laars, that we are all here together and more are coming. Now is a good time to have a battle. We could have settled the issue right here. I am not for the wanton shedding of blood, but if it must be, then now, and not have it hanging over us.
It is not easy to call the clans together, added Vakai nodding.
Torkel, who led the Makeyes, commented, Postponing only makes them stronger. The longer we see their numbers in front of us, the more they seem and the less we appear to be.
Baer let them talk, judging the depth of their concerns. Finally, he broke in, It is true that this is not how we planned it. Earlier today, the host of the clans stood to repel the advance of the horde. And we came within the sound of a flute to death and destruction. Yes, we had our plans and doubtless, they had theirs. He looked around at them. But should not a wise man check the direction of the wind to see from which way the storm is coming? Should we then refuse shelter when by some happenstance, shelter is offered? Or must we be like an elk with antlers locked in combat and see nothing but the blood mist of the rage within? Feel nothing but bloodlust singing in our hearts?
The others looked at each other; they were not used to being so long on questions and so short on answers.
Baer noticed it too. This is not how we planned it, but this is how it is. Besides, time works in our favor as more of the clan will be arriving and our numbers will be increasing. Nothing is settled yet ... He looked hopefully at Chaiko, but his brother was still drained by his experience and anyway, needed some time to think events through. Baer then looked at Ushi, who nodded to accept the challenge.
From what I hear from their shaman, the Tolmecs no longer wish to war with the people of their Spirit-Guide. Again Chaiko winced at the title. They are now anxious to work out some accommodation.
Accommodation? Baer rolled the word around on his tongue trying to taste its significance.
Yes. Some arrangement. They came into clan lands to hunt the bison. This year the passage of the herd through their territory was sparse and the Tolmecs need to make up for the shortfall. They do not want more territory.
Will they then withdraw? Baer pounced on the opening.
The shaman says yes. Except for an occasional hunting party to take some bison. They want no more.
Can we trust them? Tusk demanded, who never liked strangers.
I do not know about the rest, but the shaman seems earnest, even anxious to make some deal with us and avoid any bloodshed that would put enmity between our peoples.
If the savage offers peace and reason, are we to refuse, we who pride ourselves on being reasonable and peaceful people? asked Chaiko, entering the discussion for the first time. Must we let weapons speak for us?
The others shook their heads, but kept out of the conversation. It was obviously up to the Standing-Rock Clan to negotiate a settlement, or choose a course of action. Laars thought of trout running in the streams back home and sighed, hoping it would not take much longer.
Baer looked about again. Well, it seems we must investigate this ... this accommodation and see what we can make of it. Until then, friends, welcome to this noble gathering of clans. Enjoy the fellowship of our people in peace, as you were ready to do in war. Let us teach you the secret of Falcon, its use and how to make it, so that you might take this knowledge back with you. The others on hearing this offer nodded more enthusiastically. With that, the meeting was over and the leaders dispersed. Ushi was sent to see what else he could extract from the Tolmec shaman.
The two brothers were left to themselves. It was Baer who broke the silence. You were right to seek other ways out of this. If it were not for your efforts we would be counting our dead and licking our wounds. You have saved a lot of pain and weeping for all the clans.
It was not my doing, brother. I tried everything I could think of, but it was the flute that turned the murderous intent away.
Baer shook his head. Still, without your trying, blood would have flowed.
A river of blood, Chaiko mumbled to himself, suddenly aware of its significance. In his life there was a River of Rocks that cost him his leg, a River of Destiny that had carried him to safety out of the maws of the great fire, and now the River of Blood of his nightmares that had compelled him to try to stand against the threatening violence. What other river could he expect in his future?
Yes, a river of blood. Baer put a hand on Chaikos shoulder and stood. He looked for Tanya among the women. His head was too full of thoughts and cares, and he needed the reassurance of her physical presence. Chaiko looked after his retreating brother and suddenly discovered Dawn near, with Yael in her arms.
Do you know that the stranger we feared last year and then buried in the plain was Latto their great Spirit-Guide? Chaiko asked her. She nodded. And do you know the Tolmecs think that I am now their Spirit-Guide? She nodded again; news had spread quickly through the camp. And do you also know that I might have to go among the Tolmecs to fulfill that role? At this Dawn looked taken aback. No, she had not thought of that, but where he went, she and Yael would follow. Thus it was on the plain; thus it would remain forever.

Gill sat at his fire, complaining to Rea. Again fame was snatched from me. I was ready to fight. I would have been a hero, but Chaiko chased the enemy away again. I tell you he collects all the fame for himself and there is none left for the rest of us to share.
Let them make songs about the peace that followed, voiced Rea unsympathetically.
Oh, fear not, they will. It is unlikely that they will bother to make a song about Gill who was ready to fight. Gill wallowed in his disappointment. But then he saw Ela looking in his direction and he brightened instantly. He got up with a spring much younger than his years and cast a look back to Rea as he sauntered off. If the battle failed to draw blood, maybe it will draw some pleasure.
Oh, how brave you were, Ela whispered to him, her eyes sparkling with the excitement of the morning events, coming much closer to him than ever before.
Was I? he whispered back, acutely aware of her radiance. A warm glow exuded from her and his skin tingled in anticipation. Experienced as he was in the art of seduction, he was mindful of the opportunity her arousal presented. It was sometimes impossible to stop rushing waters but it was possible sometimes to direct its flow. But I would do anything gladly to protect such a beauty as you.
Would you? Her eyes were glowing with the pleasure of living. This morning she had feared death and devastation, but with the sudden peace, she was still filled with the afterglow of all the excitement. She allowed her body to touch his and enjoyed the sensation that coursed through her. Gill was older, true, but so knowledgeable. He knew what a woman needed. She smiled sweetly at him and he moved gently nearer, then both their breaths were taken away as their bodies touched. At this point Gill would do anything to please her.
Gill looked about. There were too many eyes here for comfort. Come, Ela, the riverbank is full of flowers. They look very pretty ... to weave into your hair, though your beauty needs no decoration and certainly outshines any flower. Your skin is softer than the softest petal and the hue of your cheeks more tender than any bloom can boast. Still it behooves beauty to look at beautiful things. Come to the river bank. And the grass is thick and soft there, he added to himself.
Ela looked at him sideways through narrowed eyes, knowing what this game was about. The color of her cheeks heightened and her breasts fell and rose a little faster. I have many bunches of flowers drying, perhaps too many ... she said artfully.
But surely not the variety. There are big yellow ones in bloom, then some tiny tender blue, he wished right now he knew the names of all these, and a lacy white composition, some cluster flowers, some little purple ones of the most pleasant fragrance. Come, it is surely worth seeing how mother nature decorates herself. Come. He offered her his hand and though she took it, she resisted his encouragement.
I can pick flowers right here, she said pointing to a nearby cluster.
Ah, but those are puny in comparison to the ones on the river bank, sheltered as they are, basking in the sun and drinking water from the river itself. You will find their bloom more lush, their colors fresher than any of these. Only your blush can rival the freshness of theirs. Step by step, word by word, Ela allowed herself to be enticed, but made him work for it.
Rea watched the proceedings with rising ill humor. He wished he, too, could turn the mornings excitement into something other than the heavy beating of his heart. That old goat, he muttered to himself. Ruba! he called to the boy passing by. Now listen well. See those two there going off toward the river? Surely they are seeking some privacy. And privacy they should find, but it would be nice if they could find something else as well. He looked meaningfully at the boy. Ruba, who wasnt reconciled to being deprived of a promised battle, found himself now profoundly bored with all the peace he was surrounded with. If he understood Reas suggestion correctly, this would indeed improve his mood somewhat. He looked after the two disappearing under the trees on the way to the river and he, too, melted into the underbrush.
It was much, much later when Gill once again joined Rea by the fire. He had a pleased expression on his face and a very relaxed, offhand manner.
Did you go swimming? Rea asked, acid in his voice.
Yes, Gill replied, a smirk on his face, in waves of pleasure.
Rea looked Gill over critically, found a few telltale splotches, one in particular around the neck. Rea then scratched his own neck suggestively and it was not long before Gill was scratching all over himself, muttering darkly, Damn poison ivy!
It seems that pleasure has its price, Rea said, gloating. He noted that Ela seemed beset also with a similar irritation and nodded amiably to Ruba who returned an innocent look. The boy was gratified, for he had learned a thing or two as well.

Chaiko had finally found some time for himself. Beside a nearby creek, he immersed himself in the solitude he craved. The splashing of the water masked all other sounds, and its gentle murmur was mesmerizingly peaceful. He could well understand Lattos need to be away from people, to contemplate nature and to commune with the spirit world. He sniffed a little suspiciously at the last thought; perhaps some of Lattos spirit had indeed entered into him? But he felt no foreign intrusion into his thoughts.
The noise of everyday living was a distraction to people who needed to think, who needed to unravel the mysteries surrounding them. People babbled, told each other convenient half truths and heard them reaffirmed. Perhaps Tanyas tapestry was the real truth of their lives. One did not take fish out of water, as one did not take a person out of his clan. Chaiko had proved that himself last year, being all alone in the wilderness. But he also remembered the freedom of living solely for himself and not having to worry about anyone else. Then he had met Dawn and his worries grew, and now he was shaman of his clan and a Spirit-Guide to some strange people. How much of this burden could he carry before it became too much? But it seemed that he was the only one in a position to effect all these things.
A fish broke the surface of the pond, then followed a graceful arc to splash into the water again. It was a fair-sized fish for such a small pond, Chaiko observed. Was then the fish too big or the pond too small? Were the problems facing the clan too heavy and he, Chaiko, too small of spirit to wrestle with them? His thoughts flowed like a current with the whole weight of the river pushing them. Time passed with the reassuring murmur of the water, in the movement of shadows and the play of wind among the foliage. Time passed as thought after thought briefly emerged, each long enough for just a brief illumination, like the fish breaking the surface in a silvery flash that had caught his attention, to disappear beneath the surface again. All his thoughts added up to this one single conviction: for this time span, brief as it might turn out to be, he was at a node of events which he was in a position to influence, and he would with every skill and capability that he possessed, for as long a time as he was given. No, the size of such a burden was not too big, the weight of it was not too heavy, it was he who had to expand himself to meet all these challenges.
As the stars began to appear in the night sky, Chaiko was peaceful again. He had laid to rest his doubt and had cast off his reluctance. He thus made room inside himself to face what would surely come at him again. A wise man listens to others first; a foolish man listens to himself, he stated, a saying that was later attributed to him, because he was fond of repeating it.

Chapter 28
The next day fifteen more Makeyes arrived led by their aged shaman Tomakon. They were all very disappointed at having missed the momentous events of the previous day and were apologetic that they could not have been there sooner to stand with the rest of the clans, since they had been slowed by their shamans pace. The old mans presence aroused quite a bit of curiosity among all the clans. Why had he come? Did he want to be part of a significant event? Wasnt he too old to crave a reputation? Or had he hoped to see blood flowing? They threw inquisitive glances in his direction, but saw only an old man resting from the wear of a long journey. It barely seemed plausible that those thin limbs of his had carried him all the way from the lake lands of the Makeyes. He had been a friend to Bogan in his younger days, and this was the foundation of his reputation. Why would he need another?
Cosh returned from scouting the Tolmec position to report that they seemed to be waiting but could not guess for what. A Tolmec hunting party had left to find food enough for the four hundred or so of them, and had returned later in the day with two antelopes. They had put guards out but had made no move to scout the clan position. They remained watchful but also careful not to cause offence. After his report, Cosh took Gill and Rea to continue his watch over the Tolmecs.
All clan leaders sat in the council that day, trying to figure out what to do next. The peaceful posture of the Tolmecs threw them all off balance. The clans were not of a warlike nature, and thus were inexperienced in war as well as in the art of negotiating peace. No one knew how to proceed. It was felt that it would have been far simpler to let a battle decide the outcome. There would then be no question as to what to do next. Tusk longed after the decisive purity of such a solution, and a few of the others shared similar feelings. They were in a minority but were most vocal about their feelings. Baer let them talk freely. It was better to have issues and feelings in the open rather than buried to arise unexpectedly at inopportune times.
The leaders all agreed that they could not leave until the situation with the Tolmecs was somehow clarified. This was not war but neither was it peace. It was hotly debated what the Tolmecs would understand as peace, seeing how fierce a reputation they had. To their surprise, Ushi, who was the source of much of their information about the Tolmecs, showed himself more tolerant toward them; he had spent the day before in intense conversation with the shaman and felt a little more confident of their intentions. They act according to different views, to different customs, but they too have a sense of honor, Ushi offered.
But did you not say that their morals allowed them to lie and deceive their enemies? Are we not their enemies? Why should we trust anything they say or promise? Tusk demanded, suspicious as always.
Ah, but dont forget, we have their Spirit-Guide, Ushi said, and they all turned to look at Chaiko, who frowned in response. He had been quiet throughout the discussion. Baers eyes bored into his brothers speculatively, trying hard to calculate how Chaikos new position really fit into the situation. Who would know the Tolmecs, their habits and customs? After some thought he said, I think that if the Tolmecs intended to attack us, they would have already. The numbers are still very much in their favor. In any case, we cannot dismiss a chance of peace. Remember it was they who suggested some accommodation. He frowned in concentration, pinching his cheeks with his fingers. Then taking a deep breath, he took the burden of leadership upon himself. Ushi, Tusk will lead you to the Tolmec camp and you will agree with them on some convenient meeting place to discuss terms.
Ushi was taken aback with the prospect of having to face the Tolmecs again up close. He looked uncomfortable but could see no way to refuse. So he and Tusk left, taking some of the more curious of the new arrivals as escorts.
The council had little else to consider and broke into numerous separate conversations. Baer and Chaiko attended to Tomakon, who was given a prominent place beside the hosts on account of his great reputation. He was certainly the oldest among them. His face was a puzzle and any eye looking at that face would lose itself in the myriad of wrinkles and criss-crossing lines. It was hard to read from his expression what he could be thinking. On rare occasions when he smiled his face unfolded into movement and all the lines danced in a disconcerting confusion.
You knew Bogan personally? Baer asked out of politeness.
He was my friend, Tomakon replied simply, we grew up together. As he spoke his face went into motion. He was of course older than I, but we were both Makarie as the Makeyes were known then. Two of his front teeth were missing and at times his speech was full of air.
Indeed? Baer looked at the old sage and tried to imagine what knowing Bogan would have meant. Certainly a much different measure to compare the world to.
He said you would make a good leader, uttered Tomakon unexpectedly, his eyes alive with an amused sparkle.
Who ... said? A ... about whom? Baer stammered in confusion.
Bogan told me that you would make a good leader. You had it in you and he could sense that. The old man pointed a gnarled finger at Baers chest.
Bogan said that about Baer? Chaiko asked, astonished. He had heard the old man correctly, but still he had to ask.
Yesss, the old shaman said, his voice leaking air again. He turned to Chaiko and said with an even wider grin, And he predicted that you would make a great shaman.
Bogan said that? About me? About us? Chaikos mouth could barely shape the words. He knew of us?
Yes, and he gave your mother a stone to give to you. Unconsciously Chaikos hands went to the tell-mark around his neck. I am glad you still have it, Tomakon said. He would have been pleased that you carry it.
The two brothers looked speechless at the old man, who was clearly enjoying the reaction he was causing. Dont be so surprised. Bogan knew your mother, who was related through her mother, who was a Makarie.
The two brothers looked at each other. Of course it was in their lineage. They knew every twist and turn of their ancestry, but the trouble with knowing something so well was that one rarely thought beyond it, taking it all for granted.
Your father was of the line of Somar, he said significantly. A line that has died out, he looked at them piercingly, except for the two of you.
We have no other relations then? Baer asked in surprise, although he was aware that the family line got very thin on his end.
Not through the male line. The old man then stopped abruptly. Chaiko had the feeling that he was trying to unravel a ball of twine but could not get past a mess of knots. Impatience surged up in him. What was the shaman saying? Or rather, what was he not saying? He cleared his throat drawing the old mans eyes, alive in the many folds. I do not know much about family lines, Tomakon said, but ask the same of Shaman Lefay of the Blackfeet Clan ... he knows all such things. It is said that he can even talk with the spirits. His eyes sparkled in odd amusement, unusual for such watery eyes. Chaiko had to conclude that this shaman also had a small opinion of spirits or those who talked with them. But this was the second occasion that the name, Lefay, was referred to him: first by Corrigan Lebow, and now by this man, Tomakon.

Over the past two days Kor had become young again. Nothing like the recent excitement to stir sluggish blood into action! He could not stop talking. I tell you woman, there is no finer way to die than in defence of your clan, family and the hunting grounds of your ancestors. With a fine spear in your hand and a fierce enemy in front of you. It is very simple then. Either he dies or you die. It is a lot better than to die a little each day with more than enough time to regret the loss of strength and skill of your arms, and the sharpness of mind. Its horrible to think of the slow erosion of everything you have learned. A quick death is kinder, too. Kors face was shining with the passion of his thoughts. But it takes the nearness of death to realise the joys and sweetness of living. I had almost forgotten that. He looked appraisingly at Calla who was regarding all these outpourings as some further proof of his growing senility, but there was something very appealing in the way he looked at her, reminding her of their earlier days.
What say you, woman? he asked suggestively, and there was a ring in his voice that had not been there for many years. Calla looked at him astounded. He could hardly get up some mornings, and he was now sniffing after some barely remembered pleasure? Was there still pleasure left in their old bones? In remembering she, too, grew younger again. The two went to the back of the cave and pulled the covers over them to shut out the rest of the world.

On a clear patch of ground, away from the rest, two large men grappling with each other collected a sizeable crowd. There were excited calls egging them on. The two men pushed and shoved, trying to gain a good hold on the other. They were well matched, equal in height, weight and reach. It seemed that neither could get an advantage over the other.
All the men, of course, were glad for some diversion, as sitting uselessly around the campfire was becoming boring even in such varied company. This type of diversity was found only in Gatherings which were held every four years.
Soon there were bets being made and personal items risked on the skill of the combatants. It did not take long for people to choose sides, and clear groups formed cheering on their champions. The women looked at this from the periphery, anxiously, wanting no one to be hurt.
Dore! Dore! chanted one side.
Sumi! Sumi! cheered on the other.
Dore managed to wrap both his arms around Sumi in a crushing embrace, pinning the others arms uselessly to his body. He applied more and more pressure and it seemed that Dore had to win, but Sumi was skilfully keeping the other off balance by shifting his weight unexpectedly from one leg to another. Then Sumi head-butted Dore full on the nose. Dore yelled in painful surprise and let go of his opponent. Sumi bent down, grabbed the others leg and straightened quickly to yank the foot into the air. Dore went down, crashing full on his back. Sumi was on him quick as a mountain lion, the full weight of his body driving into the others stomach and forcing the breath out of him. Dore gasped for air, a trickle of blood running from his nose, and for him the contest was over.
The winners collected about Sumi and pounded him on the back in congratulation. Ruba was jumping around excitedly on the edge of the crowd. He had chosen Sumi to win, risking a fine piece of chamois skin for a carved throwing stick, and to his joy he had won.
Gill won a fine bison robe from Rae who had predictably chosen the other side and lost. Gill had noted a glint of slyness in Sumis eyes that, in his opinion, was enough to choose him over Dore. Rea was glum. Only the red splotches on Gills face and neck gave him some small measure of satisfaction. But now he was faced with a very real problem. He had lost his cover and had only a few stray skins to ward off the night air. An intense negotiation occurred between the two friends and rivals, but an understanding was eventually reached. In the guise of friendship Gill lectured on the evils of gambling if you could not afford it. Rea had to listen with teeth grinding in resentment. Rae was thus allowed to use the pelt in exchange for a number of small, daily services to be performed at Gills request, the first of which was to convey a message to Ela that her most ardent admirer would meet her after the meal at Mossy-Banks. At this Rae made a sour face and with that elicited a further admonition from Gill that people who have nothing should not find fault with those who have. Rae reluctantly trotted off on his errand, muttering under his breath some malevolent thoughts about people who took advantage of the misfortunes of others.
Talk among the Lesser-Bear-Claw turned to matters outside their immediate range. Laars pointed out that the rest of the world of the clans continued to be peaceful and not exposed to the threat faced by their present hosts. Obliquely, he invited Chandar to return to his people and kin, but did not persist when that young man shook his head in refusal. It was obvious that Chandar had found something among these people that had eluded him at his birthplace. Laars looked appraisingly at him, somewhat loath to let the matter simply drop since they were related in some distant way, but the determination shown was unmistakable. Finally, he shrugged his shoulders and inquired after the well-being of Ulla to whom he was also related. Chandar could assure him that Stow treated Ulla with consideration and that she had adjusted somewhat to her new home in spite of her timidity. Laars nodded, looked again at Chandar and at the women of the Standing-Rock and wondered which one among them could have conquered the young mans heart to tie him to this place. There was no obvious answer to this puzzle and he shrugged again.
Makar stood in front of Chaiko but found the shaman much too preoccupied with his own thoughts to give him much attention. He shuffled his feet and had to clear his throat several times before the shaman would look at him. With visible difficulty Chaiko pulled himself into the present to face the concerns that Makar wanted to lay before him. His eyes finally cleared enough for Makar to launch into his petition.
I have no father. I have no mother. Being orphaned some years ago, I have no one to speak for me. He spoke in terse sentences, painful emotions choking off his usual overabundance of speech. I have no kin to ask on my behalf. Chaiko waited patiently for Makar to find his voice and continue. Makar took a deep breath and his wishes tumbled out of him. I would like to formally petition Cosh and Ile for the right to tender suit to their lovely daughter Ido. His face blushed at so bringing his desires into the open, but he hid behind the formal turn of phrase. The problem is, and pain flooded his face, I have no one to present my suit as tradition requires. There is no one to approach her parents on my behalf, he said.
Chaiko looked at him sympathetically: all the young mans emotions were so visible on his face, desire, hope and fear of rejection chasing each other in quick succession. The boy hides nothing of his thoughts and feelings, he concluded, not without some envy, since he himself had trouble expressing emotions even when the situation demanded it. No wonder Dawn calls me a turtle sometimes. I wonder what she would call Makar?
He considered Makars position carefully. He knew that Cosh had had little or no expectation of the boy, Ile had outright disliked him, and Ido herself had spent her time running from him. But all that had changed. Makar had saved Sosa, Crow and Chandar, showing himself of worth and quality. Moreover, there was the rescue of the girls. Ido knew that Crow and Chandar had gone to rescue Lana, but Makar had gone solely for her. No one else had ever chosen her over Lana, and no one had put his life in danger to save hers. No, the parents would have no objection to Makars courtship. Idos feelings had likewise crystallized, obvious for all to see. Color rose in her cheeks every time she saw Makar, and her eyes sparkled every time they looked at each other. Suddenly the quiet, mousy girl became beautiful as they matched smiles.
Baer will speak for you, Chaiko said with quiet generosity, giving Makar great honor, and so would I, had I not another role to play in this matter. For it was by custom up to a shaman to decide on the suitability of a petition and to give his approval. He smiled at the young man who was only a year younger than he. I wish you all the happiness you surely deserve, he said and watched Makar stride off, his steps buoyant with joy. He smiled and wished that life could become as simple for him too, but even so, the burdens weighing on him momentarily felt lighter. Life will break through all obstacles, he concluded. With his eyes, he searched out Dawn who was talking with Tanya, Yael fitted securely onto her hip. His son, his future. The shaman smiled again. Yes, life will prevail. With the future there is always hope, he reminded himself somewhat ponderously, and hope is a better counselor than despair. He looked to the west toward the Tolmec encampment, hidden by the line of gentle swells of the land, and noted with sudden surprise that it was a beautiful day bright and warm with sunshine. He let some sand run through his fingers in a gesture of finality, and drew a breath of resolve. Yes, he felt ready, to fight, to negotiate for their future.
Over the trees, in the bright blue sky, a pair of swallows flew in close harmony with one another. Their white breasts flashed in the sunlight. Chaiko felt encouraged at the sight; swallows were considered a sign of hope.

Chapter 29
In the early afternoon on a field of grass by Clearwater Creek, the meeting between the clan and the Tolmecs took place. Under the spreading branches of an ancient oak tree that dominated the meadow, the two delegations sat mustering each other. The escort groups waited at a discreet distance, from where they would observe but not take direct part in the proceedings.
The clan was represented by Baer, Cosh, Chaiko and Ushi with Vakari also in attendance, but it was understood that his presence was strictly honorary, to witness the events about to unfold. Tomakon had declined the invitation to attend, raising further speculation as to why he had come in the first place.
Opposite them sat Toemain, a massive man, with a huge body rippling with muscles, an imposing symbol of strength and power, as a Toemain should be. His eyes flashed with alert intelligence from face to face, sizing them up. Beside him was the Shaman Goglan, his thin body dwarfed by his chiefs, but his eyes glowing with startling intensity as he, too, calculated their position. Flanking them were two others, advisors, no doubt: an older man, completely bald with many faded scars on his face, and a younger man with fresh scars everywhere visible. Perhaps it was significant that Hook-Nose, who had had such an unpleasant past association with the clan, was not among them.
As the two groups stared at each other, an awkward silence built around them. They were all conscious of the many eyes from the escort groups trying to assess the import of each gesture.
Well, lets get started, Baer finally prodded Ushi, who was to be the interpreter.
What would you like me to say?
Something appropriate, Baer suggested. Welcome and so on. After all we are the host, are we not?
Ushi and Goglan then traded a few words, Ushi fumbling with a turn of phrase while the shamans words came pouring out effortlessly. Not surprisingly Goglan was soon dominating the exchange. He accentuated each utterance by many broad gestures. It was obvious that he was addressing both groups; however, the clan understood nothing of his speech. The Tolmecs were listening intently, nodding and even applauding at times.
What is he saying? Baer finally demanded of Ushi after another point was well received by the Tolmecs.
Ushi, however, merely shrugged his shoulders, Nothing much of interest. I will tell you when we get to something more important.
We are going to need more than that, Baer complained, squirming around irritably.
It is a lot of words. A mere preamble. Has neither foot nor leg to it, Ushi assured him.
Translate anyway, Baer finally ordered.
Well, he is saying ... Why should a man run after the wind, as if he could catch it? Why should a man stand in the river and try to hold back its rush? Why should a man try to lift a whole mountain? To what purpose ...?
But what does this all mean? Baers brows furrowed in frustration.
It is their way of talking. They are full of shoulds, have tos and musts. It is a waste of time to translate... Ushi was rolling his eyes skywards and shrugging his shoulders.
Translate all the same, Baer instructed again.
... Can a man prevent the sun from crossing the sky? Can he block the path of the moon over the clouds? Can any man keep time from slipping through his fingers? Can anyone hold back even a heartbeat of it? Yet, we can still choose the future before us!
Goglans gestures became more expressive and the building cadence of his voice indicated that he was at long last reaching some conclusion. Listeners were leaning forward on both sides in anticipation.
It has been prophesied that the Tolmecs, because of the violence they have unleashed upon their neighbors, would face a time when a great debt of blood would accumulate against them. We have killed, maimed and injured for many years. Do you not feel the weight of blood about to crush your conscience? We have hidden our faces for too long behind war paint. We have tried to escape the burden of our guilt and still we carried on killing, adding to its weight. Are we then to drown in the blood we and those before us have shed? Goglan lapsed into silence to let each hearer answer the question. The clan, too, was gripped by this moment of self-examination.
Happily, it was also prophesied that a man would come to save the Tolmecs from this fate. It was foretold that, as the new day comes from the east to bring fresh light to the world, so will a Spirit-Guide come to us to light a new way for us to follow. He will show the Tolmecs a new way of living. Or do you still thirst for blood, not knowing another way? Again there was a brief pause.
I tell you, there sits the man we have for so long awaited, imbued with the spirit of Latto. The shaman pointed to Chaiko who sat frozen, feeling the intense stares upon him. We thought that he would be one of us, but Latto chose him and he is of other people. Nonetheless, let the prophecy be fulfilled! Listen to him. Let him show you a better way! The arm pointing at Chaiko shook with emphasis.
If we now miss our chance and cast it aside, do we not make the prophecy a lie, and of no effect? Do we not make liars out of our fathers who diligently told us of his coming? When will we get another chance? If ever? ... Listen to him! He will speak of another way that the Tolmecs should embrace! Then he was quiet.
The silence grew in the wake of his speech. Both sides were fidgeting expectantly. Most avoided looking directly at Chaiko, just daring a quick glance in his direction. Baer watched his brother slowly cast off his reluctance and an expression of resolve grow on his face. Awkwardly, Chaiko rose, his left leg feeling more wooden than usual. He shook his feather mantle aright and smoothed down a few ruffled feathers. He was acutely aware of all the faces, but was concentrating too hard to see them. What was he going to say?
I am reminded of the hunter who went to the river to get some fresh water. As he bent over the surface of the gently flowing stream, he noted a veil of crimson trailing through the water. Puzzled he went upstream to find a wounded bison on the river bank, blood gushing from a grievous wound on her neck. A lion did this. I fought to keep the beast from harming my calf. And now my life flows out of me. Tiredly, the bison dropped her head onto the gravel and continued in a weak voice, Bury me if you have the mind to, for I would escape the scavengers, the hyenas and the vultures from picking at my bones, fighting over my remains. The beast then shuddered and died.
The hunter had compassion and he buried the beast in a shallow pit he scratched into the ground. He covered it with dirt and piled stones on it. He did it for he felt sorry for her.
Two days later the same hunter killed a bison on a hunt and skinned it and was proud of the fine quality of the pelt. He thought nothing of it. The meat went to feed his family and the fur to keep him warm.
Do we say that the hunter had compassion in one instance but no compassion in the other? Chaiko paused to let each consider an answer. Baer was annoyed; this seemed hardly the occasion for riddles. They needed clarity most of all to settle their differences.
Compassion is the quality of human heart. In the whole of nature we are the only ones to recognise another creatures pain. We do so, perhaps out of some realisation that whatever happened to them could also happen to us. The root of our compassion may well be fear for ourselves mixed with relief that it was not on us that such misfortune fell.
Your ancestors suffered greatly at the hands of their enemies until they fought back. Your fathers then made a virtue of necessity and learned to be cruel in the face of cruelty. They became harder, more fierce and even more merciless than the enemies they faced, until there were no more enemies to stand against the tribes, but still they punished their neighbors. And they taught their children to do likewise. But with what bitter gall did you have to feed your children to turn them so unfeeling? And each generation that so learned became even harder and feared those soft qualities that make us all human. They forgot compassion, tenderness, and joy. They have learned to respect death over life. Well, I am here to tell you to choose life over the ways of pain, suffering and death! Choose life!
Chaiko paused. The faces looking back at him were impassive masks. Behind the deep frowns carved onto grim facades he sensed their disdain. Not an intentional disdain, more a resistance, a reluctance to embark on some new course. How was he going to reach these people, who had hardened themselves against the sway of emotions, blunted all feelingsand had developed a horror of them? People frozen into a spiritual rigidity. What could he say to people who had even turned their backs on hope? How was he going to reconnect them to their humanity? His mind remained silent; reason was not going to help him here. Was he going to argue that humans are not wolves to a pack of humans who had convinced themselves that they were? It was equally impossible to appeal to emotions they no longer possessed and even feared. Could he make them cry? How was he going to provoke these granite faces into a smile? Tell them a joke, perhaps, his intuition suggested. A joke! Under the weight of these most earnest of expectations, this thought struck him as extremely humorous. To his horror, a giggle escaped him, then a chortle. The more he tried to choke back the impulse the more uncontrollable it became. Then unable to resist any longer, he broke into laughter, the sound of it spewing from him. A deep laugh took possession of him that shook his very bones. The sound went from him into the shocked silence, rebounded from their hard incredulity ... until he had to laugh all the more.
Baer was aghast at this outburst. He could not understand its source; his brother had never been frivolous and never in such critical circumstances. What had gotten into him? Baer looked at the Tolmecs and saw them squirming about uncomfortably. People who had not laughed for generations, did not even recognise the sound for what it was. To them it sounded like the braying of an animal. Still Chaiko laughed, growing weak from the spasms, but the very unseemliness of laughter in the present situation impelled his laughter on. Doubled over between fits, Chaiko commanded them, Laugh! Cry! Smile! Ushi dutifully echoed his words. And because the Tolmecs were used to following orders, they tried. A crowd full of faces twisted into painful grimaces that had no humor in them yet, just a weak sound that soon died. Suddenly Cosh, not knowing why he did so, also started to laugh and then of all people, Tusk, surprising himself. Two people, who were the last to laugh at any joke, were laughing now. And like an avalanche started by the motion of a single pebble, it picked up speed and momentum. Without knowing why, the laughter spread through the clan. The fact that this hilarity was utterly misplaced and inappropriate only fed its outburst. So infected, soon all of the clan were rolling around on the grass in the clutch of a laughing frenzy. Even Baer; he could not help himself as the others with him could not.
The Tolmecs looked upon this untoward behaviour with consternation, their faces growing stiffer still. But as the roar opposite them grew, an irrepressible giggle boiled up even in their ranks. They turned with wide eyed shock at their offending member, but he continued laughing, the sound bubbling from some deep inner recess. Soon more of the Tolmecs were likewise infected. Like a bush fire that jumped across barriers, the laughter swept through their ranks. Against their wish, one by one they joined in the laughter. Toemains whole body shook, as he howled his laugh into the air that robbed him of breath. The strong man soon became weak and helpless with the strange shaking that took hold of him. Goglan to his own astonishment and in spite of his most desperate efforts could not stem the tide that engulfed even him. Not knowing why or how, all of them were struck down powerless to withstand that one expression of humanity that needed no translation. The earth itself shook from that laughter.
Chaiko had collapsed on the grass, helpless to resist the shaking. Beside him Vakari was pounding his fists on the ground and the usually unaffected Cosh was rolling back and forth on the grass clutching at his stomach now aching with the force of laughter. All around, serious men were supine with the laughter that had taken hold.
Only slowly did the men surface from their paroxysms and often groaning and protesting, repeatedly fell back into the laughter. People were utterly spent, but when they looked at each other a fresh wave would break out again. Strangely it was the Tolmecs, who had not laughed for generations, who were the more unable to suppress it. In spite of their best efforts, they were totally overcome, gasping for breath in between fits, holding onto aching sides. And all of them were weak as new-borns, helpless to defend themselves against the impulse that shook and controlled them.
It would have been difficult for Goglan to put into words his expectations of the Spirit-Guide whom he had so zealously promoted to the Tolmecs, but this, this would definitely not have been it. Yet as he wiped tears from his eyes and tried to breathe against the quaking of his belly, he was aware that his world had somehow changed. All of a sudden he was looking at their lives from the height of a hilltop instead of myopically from below. He sensed suddenly how much it had cost his people to trade so much of their humanity for their precious security. Of course the Tolmecs knew how to laugh, a harsh sound, at someone elses expensebut this outburst had been free, driven by the sound of laughter itself. Even the dullest among the Tolmecs gained some insight from this strangest of experiences. The laughter had loosened the bindings of their tight control and they all sensed suddenly the freedom beyond. Perhaps, there was another way to live!
After the fits of laughter finally subsided and people could at long last catch their breath, an attempt was made to resume the meeting. But all the decorum was gone, all the seriousness had evaporatedand perhaps because of it, the two sides quickly came to an agreement.
The Tolmecs promised to withdraw beyond the river and not to intrude on clan lands. They asked only that a hunting party be allowed to hunt two times on the clan side of the river to make up for the shortfall of the year. They asked also, almost shyly, that Chaiko would visit them sometimes and teach them the new way Latto intended for them to learn. The clan gave permission for the hunts and Chaiko promised to visit them when his duties to the clan allowed. The two sides nodded at each other and the meeting broke up.
Goglan invited Ushi to accompany them back to the Tolmec camp. There was still much to talk about and tomorrow the Tolmecs would be gone, back to their side of the river. Ushi gladly accepted and they soon disappeared into the depth of the landscape.
The clan looked at each other, the leaders and the escorts, dumbfounded by the unexpected turn of events. They would have been better prepared for any other contingencybut this, this left them speechless. Vakari summed up their feelings the best, perhaps, with the cryptic observation, You can drink all the water you want, but if you were not thirsty to begin with, you will not be any less thirsty after. No one was sure what had just happened in the field of grass, but they all knew that there was peace, and that was enough.
Chaiko was more overwhelmed than the rest, certainly more than he allowed to show. This had been such an unexpected convergence of seemingly unrelated events that could not have been foreseen or contrived. First, the sound of a flute had prevented a bloody fight and now the sound of laughter had consummated peace. Was there any sense to this at all? What was the use of wisdom, if events turned on such whims? Wisdom is the ability to turn opportunities to advantage, his mind hurried to console him. How true, but how chancy. Yet, Falcon had also been born this way. Its mother might have been his need, but its father was surely serendipity. As always, when beset by these thoughts, he looked about anxiously, consumed with worry about what he might be missing by not recognizing its value and use. Surely there was something right in front of his nose, if he could only see it for what it was...
The rest of the camp received the news of peace with great relief. The visitors were jubilant also, for this meant that they could all go home. It had been a good and rare event for so many of the clans to come together, but there were family and things to do awaiting each back home. The happy, boisterous sound that arose around the campfires soon grew into a need to celebrate this fortuitous turn of events. Only Tanya and Dawn noted the strange quiet of their mates.
Chaiko was still trying to rationalize the events into some sense of order, disliking the haphazard, arbitrary flow outside his control. He could not reconcile his need to think, if everything in life was based on some intuitive reactions to life flowing by. In some cases, thinking might even be a hindrance! He struggled mightily with his thoughts, beset by fresh doubts.
Baer was likewise occupied with trying to make sense of things, but he was unable to tease apart the many strands that all seemed to lead back to Chaiko. He was sure that Chaiko had somehow enabled all this but could not figure out how. He felt a sense of superstition growing in him, that perhaps Chaiko really possessed magical powers, as all had claimed. Had not Tomakon told them that even the great Bogan had foreseen that Chaiko in particular would grow into a great shaman? Could Baer doubt the evidence of his own eyes? Had he not been there to see war held off and peace bought at such a cheap price? He shook his head, uncomfortable with his conclusions. It seemed that the brother he thought he knew so well constantly surprised him. Chaiko was growing into a stranger in front of his eyes. Again he shook his head to deny the distance that he felt growing between them.
Chaiko sat by himself, away from all the commotion, struggling to regain some measure of balance. Even Dawn left him alone, warned off by his self-absorption. And Crow, too, kept his distance. It hardly seemed possible that he had grown up with such a powerful wizard as this, who could turn the warlike Tolmecs into such mild mannered, peaceful creatures.

Shortly before the sun set Ushi returned bubbling with news. He had spent all the rest of the day with Goglan and was privy to the reactions of the Tolmecs. He reported eagerly to the council of leaders.
Nothing that was said in the meeting was new to the Tolmecs. There have always been a few among them who voiced the same concerns: the weight of blood debt accumulating and so on until some dire retribution would surely befall them. Their seers often vied with each other to foretell even more horrific consequences. They had heard it all before. What was new to them was the laughter. They did not know they had it in them and that it would be totally out of their control. It truly shook them up. It was a surprise to me also. I cannot think how you came upon the idea, Ushi said looking at Chaiko with big eyes. When the shaman just shrugged his shoulders, the trader continued. The fact is, the Tolmecs have grown tired of their own warlike ways and were looking for a way to change. Meeting you, and the trader again looked significantly at Chaiko, gave them an opportunity to embrace change and fulfill their prophecies. Thus they could change without giving up their identity. They can accede to you as their Spirit-Guide. So they claim you.
Ushi then paused briefly to stuff some meat into his mouth and chewed hungrily. He had not eaten all day in his drive to get some answers. And now he was growing tired of talking, a rare event indeed. He paused, looked at them in turn and said, I wish someone would explain it all to me. I do not understand how mere laughter can turn hardened people just like that.
No one answered him as all of them were puzzled by the very same question. The silence grew to listen to itself. Then Chaiko moved slightly and all turned expectantly toward him. The shaman made a gesture to ward off their questions but answered anyway. As you have said, over many years the Tolmecs grew tired of their ways. But stubbornly they kept to their cruel customs. Like snow building on the high ridges, the layers of succeeding generations made the snow deeper, heavier and all the more ponderous. Even they realized that someday it would all collapse, and they feared that day. The laughter ... that laughter was like the snowball that started rolling and gathered the rest of the snow into an avalanche. The snow came rolling down, freeing the high ground for the first time. And now no amount of shoving will get the snow back up there. The change is irreversible. Perhaps in that image, the shaman of Standing-Rock Clan had found his answer.
Ushi nodded. That made sense. He had seen avalanches often enough, set off by the tiniest thing. Yes, the more he thought about it, the laughter was beginning to make sense after all. The others were also nodding. Tomakon was the only one who pointed out how strange it was to make an avalanche out of laughter.
After that explanation, they all seemed to expel some pent-up air of relief; they all agreed that the mystery was solved and they could all relax, which they did. Even Chaiko himself felt satisfied. Soon, not unexpectedly among a company of men, there was talk of hunting and it was readily decided to go on a hunt on the morrow to prepare some meat for all the visitors who would be returning to their homes. Tusk grew enthusiastic at this proposal.
Besides, it is high time we celebrate, called out Baer loudly across the fire to be heard everywhere, this fine fellowship of the clans.
And for the Standing-Rock Clan to express its appreciation to its brother clans for coming to its aid at such time of need, the shaman of the clan grandly added to the chorus of approvals.
The fires blazed with a cheery brightness among the company of friends and kin, witnesses to another such unusual day. It was taken for granted that soon songs would circulate among all the clans, and they were proud to have been here to share in these events.

Chapter 30
In the midst of a group of bachelors the old bull was drifting north along a small river grazing on soft grasses. By keeping to a fairly set route, the group would feed on the same pastures to be assured of a fresh new growth of tender grass to chew upon. Now was the time to put on weight, feeding on the plenty of shoulder-height growth waving invitingly in the lightest of breezes.
These mild midsummer days were spent in the pleasant leisure of an unhurried routine: ranging along a roughly circular route, feeding on choice vegetation, pausing in the shade, if there were any to be found, to wait out the midday heat, then to resume grazing and roaming in the afternoon. In the evening the group would draw near one another for mutual comfort and protection, lying down in a thick mat of vegetation, or sleeping standing up. It was an amicable way of life, these soft days and softer nights. The uncompromising, harsh heat of late summer was still in their futures.
In the heat of the day it felt nice to wade into the river, to splash in the water or just to lie submerged with only the nose showing above the surface, breathing, hiding from the ever present swarm of insects; to feel the current caress the hide and tug at the tufts of hair. It was glorious to come out of the water, dripping, shaking and shuddering, throwing off a spray of moisture, and to walk away lightened and much refreshed.
In this idyll it was easy to overlook an occasional tragedy that seemed not to touch them. A bloodied place, a last desperate stand, sometimes just a pile of scattered bones, turf splattered and trampled down or torn up entirely. The old bull would sniff these traces with distaste, back away from a place of death, and the others would follow. More and more they trailed after him, as the old bull remembered that once he had had a herd of his own with many cows and calves, and his posture would straighten and draw up proud. Then the others would see in him the leader he had once been and was becoming again.
This morning Scarface noted some new arrivals approaching from the opposite direction. Both groups were careful to keep a respectful distance from each other. There was, however, something familiar about one of them, and as they neared, the old bull recognized One-Horn, his companion, whom he had lost in the last rush of the migration.
Scarface bellowed softly and trotted to greet his long lost comrade. The two bulls met, head-butted each other in glad recognition, and then stood shoulder to shoulder, pushing and shoving in playful display of youthful energy. They sniffed each other; where have you been?
Afterwards they stood side by side, rubbing against each other in mutual satisfaction. The old fur had by and large fallen out and the new hair was coming in. Both sides itched, sometimes unbearably, maddeningly. The insects, of course, took advantage of this relative nakedness and congregated on all exposed body parts. The two bodies gratefully pressed against each other, raking each side in a convulsion of delight. It was an indescribable pleasure to have these irritations taken care of in such a thorough manner. The two bulls were glad to have found each other again. In their world such relationships were rare, as the beasts, though all members of a larger herd, were not personally affiliative. While some of the other animals in the group came over and sniffed and snorted out a greeting, their acceptance was reflected only in that they looked upon One-Horn with less suspicion.
Then it was back to feeding. Scarface and One-Horn, side by side, one eating with head down, the other head up, chewing on a mouthful, on guard. Resting, they stood head to tail, with the tails swishing about lashing at the swarms of insects. Scarface stood upwind, in the cool flow of the breeze, his dominance thus recognized.
The small group meandered north, pushing through the tall grass. The bright glare of the sun flooded the landscape, but was not yet unbearably hot. They passed other groups, but kept their distance in strict protocol to avoid provoking a challenge that would have to be answered. Conversely, any other animal coming too close would be regarded with utmost suspicion. In their world, the intent was assumed from posture and bearing and a sense of distance. Coming too near was an aggression that could not be ignored.
Scarface paused, munching on a mouthful of grass, and lifted his head to look about. He saw groups at a distance but spotted one animal approaching, moving in closer. There was something peculiar about the beast. There was a shaggy head and horns, and the hump, but the whole bearing of the animal was wrong. The angle of the head was awry and the back seemed to sag. It was a wonder that the beast could move at allso lopsided. Scarface snorted loudly and the rest took immediate notice of the stranger. Instinctively, they bunched and turned to face the implied threat.
The new animal continued moving in but his movement was even stranger still. It seemed to have no purpose, no direction, stumbling about aimlessly. The old bull was reminded of a blind cow he had once had in his herd; the same confused hesitancy was evident. He watched the other draw nearer, each step a puzzle but not yet alarming. Scarface continued watching, but felt safe enough to chew his cud.
******
Chaiko was carefully approaching a group of bison. He felt awkward under the bison pelt. The head lolled about loosely and his back ached from the strange posture he was forced to be in. It was also becoming stifling under the heavy fur covering. Disguise had worked well with other animals, he reasoned; well, why not with bison then? He did not realize that with bison, posture was everything. He would have done better to approach as a human. He would have been noticed, but most likely ignored. After all, a human was not a wolf or a bear or a mountain lion. As a bison he drew their attention to him as they tried to read his intent.
Chaiko was within range of the group. It was exactly what he was looking for, old animals, all past their prime, no longer with the chance to procreate to increase their numbers. Chaiko clumsily lumbered closer still, curious as to their reaction. He suspected that at some point soon they would do more than just look at him. They had bunched tight, presenting a common front to him. Their leader seemed to be alert and suspicious. His head was up, his posture erect, his eyes fixed upon the stranger encroaching. Still the animal did not appear aggressive, and Chaiko surmised that he was trying to make up his mind to flee or not.
Still crouched under the weight of the bison pelt, Chaiko pulled back Falcon, a talon firmly nocked. He slowly lifted his arms and sighted along the shaft, aiming at the motley covering of fur on the chest of the old bull. At this distance he could not miss. He pulled back further on the stringbut still he did not let go. He felt reluctant to let loose death on the unsuspecting creature in front of him. He was swept by sadness for the beast, and his mouth turned down in pity. But he was a Hunter and his knuckles turned white on the wood as he drew back even more, making death wait just a little longer. Soon he would have to let it go as his muscles ached with the sustained effort of keeping Falcon bowed. The old bull looked at him intently and tossed his head. For a brief instant, the movement revealed a red gash from throat to cheek. With a quick intake of breath Chaiko recognized the animal in his visions. There could be no mistaking that scar.
Strength went out of Chaiko and Falcon sank, the talon drooping impotently. The man looked in astonishment at the old bull and the old bull looked back. By now Scarface recognized he was not facing another bison but a strange animal. He snorted loudly, and at his command his herd obeyed and retreated. He extended his muzzle and sniffed at the man: a strange sour smell, a whiff of smoke mixed with the smell of death; a peculiar blend of scent, only partially absorbed by the drying aroma of grass under the warm sun.
For a long heartbeat the man and the beast looked at each other, each aware of his own qualities, but overwhelmed by the differences that set them apart, blind to any similarities they shared. The eyes reflected curiosity and questions that neither could ask. But for the briefest of moments the two shared empathy and understanding. Yes, brother, Chaiko murmured for them both, Go, eat the grass. Stamp your passing into the ground as you were meant to do. And I and my kind will hunt you as you pass. Each was bound by his destiny, inescapably. But not today, brother, Chaiko said for them both. The old bull then did something uncharacteristic for a bison; without turning, he backed away from the man still keeping an eye on him. Only at a safe distance did he wheel about to trudge after his herd fast disappearing in the distance.
Chaiko sat down heavily on the bison pelt that had fallen to the ground. He watched the old bull retreat, and with each step the impact faded of the recognition they briefly shared, but its significance remained. The vision of the bison had come to symbolize some critical impending event. The bison of his vision had been a representation of it, or so he thought. To meet him in reality was highly disconcerting. How could he have known about the scars? Perhaps, somehow or in some way he had stumbled upon the spirit world he had been searching for. Could he find it again? Reliably?
He thought hard about it, his brow creased with the effort. He formed the recognition that when he had needed it, the vision had been there to call his attention to something significant to warn him, to prepare him. He had not called it to his awareness, rather the vision broke upon his consciousness at its own choosing.
Chaiko!
With some difficulty Chaiko pulled himself back into the present and turned to see Baer and Cosh hailing him from the crest of the rise. He waved at them tiredly. He would have liked a little more time to think about these matters.
Did you see any bison? Baer asked, looking after the group fading into the distance.
Bison? Chaiko repeated still much distracted.
Baer looked searchingly at him. I cant leave you alone for any length of time, he mused, without you getting into some heavy thinking. How did you survive on your own? Chaiko could have easily answered him, I had to think of no one but myself and Dawn.

Two days later when the hunters had returned to the cave with four bison, Chaiko went to the back of the cave and sat before the great painting that Malek was still working on. The painting was never going to be finished. As long as people occupied the cave, Malek or some other painter would add his experiences to it. Rightly so, the shaman agreed.
He looked at the herd of bison painted on the wall, his eyes lost among the press of bodies. He wondered which among them had a scar? Or was that only the shamans personal experience that touched nobody else? What was he going to do about the proposed visit to the Tolmecs? What was he going to do about Sosa? About the People-of-the-Elk? He must not forget the people of his mate!
As he became lost in his thoughts, in a forest of questions, his eyes lost focus and the bison herd blurred in his vision. But at the same time the herd began to move, the ground trembled under the heavy pounding of hooves, and the rumble of the stampede filled his ears. Open-mouthed he watched the herd move past him and he could smell the dust of their passing. And among them somewhere was an old bull with a bright scar on its face. We were both marked well, he said with a shock of recognition, you on the face, I on my leg. The trembling in the ground eased and he returned to reality. Looking about at the calm faces of nearby people, he realized that no one else had witnessed the herd moving across the stone. Not even Malek. Again he felt that he had glimpsed a piece of the spirit world.
Around the different fires there were lively discussions concerning the upcoming dispersal of this fine company of clans. Each looked forward to returning home, but mixed in with the happiness of soon seeing friends and family again was the sadness of leaving new friends behind. The bonds formed were more intense than those from any normal Gathering, for here the people had stood together and risked all, against danger and death.
The fish are running in the streams back home, said Laars, tremendous longing in his tone. His listeners had to wonder if his yearning was for fish or his home. Rea, who was struck by the feelings he heard expressed, wondered how a grown man could be so besotted by wriggly, slimy fish.
The mountain sheep have returned to the highland pastures above the tree line. And although fat, river-bottom valley grass is great for putting meat on their bones, the meat does not have that delicate flavor of highland grass, Laars explained, proud of his land and home. Simm salivated at the suggestions; he was an expert when it came to nuances of flavors.
Nothing like the taste of the marshes. Creatures fed on plants grown in black muck and plenty of water and sunshine. Strong, gamy taste, nothing subtle about it at all, a Black-Pearl bragged, then added, although succulent fat frog legs can be quite refined.
Frogs??? a horrified Sharp-Owl recoiled.
It will be good to return home again, a big man said wistfully and all who heard him agreed. Yes, they all had people and things awaiting them. Plants to gather, animals to hunt, a larder to fill, and firewood to collect. Winter waits for no one, someone said and they all nodded again at this well-worn platitude. But it had been nice to have this special time together which would be long remembered by all the participants. Around many fires of the clan, someone would surely begin some telling of a tale with, When we were among the Standing-Rock Clan ... and many would nod, for they had been there, too.
Then the discussions turned to the journey back home, obstacles to avoid, the best routes to take, victuals. A Black-Pearl complained that no one of their group knew how to rightly cook, and the meat was either overdone and black, or not done at all, the inside still raw and springy. And if it had not been for the abundance of dill they had brought, the food would have had no taste at all. Calla, who happened to pass by, caught his last words and asked the man if they had some dill to spare. Happily she was able to take a full bag back to Emma who was overjoyed. To her, dill rounded out the flavor of her cooking and she had sorely missed this herb since its mysterious disappearance. Immediately, she sprinkled a liberal handful onto the roasting meat and tucked some into the folds.

By one of the fires to the side, Gill was making big eyes at Ela, who was posing herself to advantage, arching her back and thrusting her ample bosom in his direction. She swayed back and forth slightly, knowing full well what effect the gentle undulation of her hips had on him. She smiled provocatively and he was soon beaming back at her. In no time the temperature between them grew even hotter. Rea, who had unwittingly joined them for the meal, was becoming more despondent with each passing moment at the sight of this demonstration of animalistic heat that seemed to drive the other two. You old goat, he muttered under his breath.
Surely a noble ram, corrected Gill in good humor, his eyes alive and glowing with the pleasure of living and breathing. The happier he got, the more sour Rea became, as he saw his friend and companion of many years slipping away from him. He was not envious of Gill over the tender companionship of a woman, but he was resentful of this upstart Ela gaining more and more possession of his friend. Who was he going to argue with from now on? Who was he to share his life with? Being single was easier to bear when you had someone to share it with. Like some wounded beast, he chewed on himself to distract from his pain.
The other two had eyes only for each other. Though Ela, as an unattached woman, had excited many admiring glances from this large company of men, and surely could have had her pick of any, however temporary, she had come to recognize that none was so completely focused on her as Gill. True, he was older by far than the rest, but he was so knowledgeable about what she wished for and prepared to give her the constant attention she craved. He never tired of pleasing her.
Ela was aware on some level of Raes resentment and took some secret joy in rubbing it in his face, not only because his reactions were so comical, but in some way as a displaced revenge for Taels treachery. The hapless Rea was thus doubly victimized.
At a nearby fire, the women of the clan were keeping each other company. With so many strange men about the campsite, the women kept close to each other; it was safe and politic to do so because it would be unfortunate if the present alliance were to be spoiled by some unwanted advance by a warrior far from his home.
That hussy Ela is trying to turn the heads of both those old billy goats, Calla said harshly. Tanya raised her eyebrows in surprise; even for Calla the hostility was overstated. She threw a quick look in the direction of the three offenders, who seemed comfortably ensconced in their private little world. Tanya and Ile exchanged glances. They had long been aware of Gills interest in Ela and her slow seduction but could not make up their minds which side of the issue to choose. Certainly, with Ela so occupied, all the mated men were safe from her need for male attention. Tanya pursed her lips thoughtfully. Elas personality did not resonate to some inner quality in a man; rather she needed the constant reassurance of many repeated gestures of admiration and caring. Of all the men Tanya knew, none seemed as suitable for this task as Gill. He had the patience to keep even so needy a creature as Ela satisfied. True there was a marked age difference between them that appeared somewhat unseemly and a poor example for the younger folks. Still, Tanya was inclined to be charitable and though she considered Gill to be something of a rogue, she also admired his easygoing, straightforward disposition. One could always count on Gill to find some entertaining approach to lifes problems. Accordingly, she shrugged her shoulders and decided, once and for all, what line she would pursue in this happenstance. Let them be, Calla. They are harming no one and are keeping each other busy. Calla looked in surprise at the headwoman, shocked by this lax moral attitude. But she soon closed her mouth with a snap; her connection to Tanya was certainly more important than any issues of moral turpitude.
A little later, Tanya and Dawn exchanged a few words in private. The grasses have seeds growing and the tomato plants have started to bear fruit, Dawn said with pride in her voice. In the rush of events of the last few days, Tanya had had little time left over for other than the most vital considerations. Hearing the news, her face lit up and she would have liked to rush off to have a look, but they were a fair way from the cave and their little garden. Oh, it will be so good to get back to things, she said waving to Ile who was trying to catch her attention, when all this is over and done with. She then smiled apologetically at Dawn and had to hurry away. The headwomans work was never done.

Ruba found that with all the company to distract the adults, it was easy to escape their oversight. Much of the time he was on his own, looking for something to occupy his attention. Away from the cave, he found life even less structured and to his surprise, once the novelty wore off, he felt uneasy with the situation. There just was not enough to do; all their lives seemed suspended. For how long, yet? Unfortunately for him, there was no age mate to share his life with. His brother Ork was nearly useless as a playmate and resisted all attempts to be taught or to be led. Sosa was also unavailable, lost in his own world, unaware of anything else. Ruba was bored, but tried to stay out of the way, not to call attention to his availability, lest some doubtless onerous task be assigned to him.
He roamed the woods at length, but trees and bushes could hold his attention only for so long. He tried to ingratiate himself with Ido but the girl was so busy with her evolving relationship with Makar that she barely saw him. Slowly Ruba was growing tired of his own company. In a flare-up of irritation he kicked at a stone but then had to fight tears of pain that filled his eyes. It seemed that nature, too, was conspiring against him. But just when things seemed at their lowest, an unexpected event came to rescue him. He saw Gill and Ela heading for the woods. Ruba knew where they were going as he had seen them there before and had spent a very informative time observing what went on between a man and a woman. The experience awoke in him longings he was beginning slowly to recognize as having something to do with women. These sensations were painful as well as pleasurable. At times he had to wonder if he was getting sick. He watched the couple disappear into the woods and followed them discreetly. Sure enough, they went to Mossy-Banks, where an inviting, thick layer of moss grew over everything. Gill and Ela soon settled into the soft growth. He tickled her and she laughed and giggled, trying to stay out of his reachbut not too far. Then she did a little grabbing of her own; Gill, however, did not try to pull away.
Slightly above them, Ruba, behind the screen of a bush, peered at the couple rolling on the ground. He saw a white breast spill from her wrap, and his breath suddenly stuck in his throat, a strange feeling starting to overtake him again. Gill lay on top of her and she opened her legs obligingly for him. Rubas skin itched from the excitement as if ants were crawling all over him. As the sound of a soft moan came to him, full of desire and hunger, a wave of heat flashed through him and he began to swell. The intensity of all these sensations nearly made him swoon. The itching abruptly turned into burning pricks, and he looked down in shock to see fire-ants crawling all over his body, everywhere, biting, their poison burning tiny holes into his skin. Alarmed, he backed out of his position, and scrambled away on all fours into the undergrowth, slapping at the swarm of ants now biting in earnest.
What was that? Ela asked, startled by the sound of thrashing, going away from them.
Nothing, panted Gill in between thrusts; he was past caring about much else, perhaps a fox.
The fox ran all the way to the creek, jumped in and flailed away at the tiny insects. He submerged completely under the water until he was sure they had all drowned. He checked his skin and found a myriad of tiny bite marks all over his nether regions. Irritable from much scratching, he made his way back to camp. It was unfortunate for Ork to cross his elder brothers path just then and to receive a sharp punch to his upper arm, promptly paralyzing that limb. The gesture, however, did not help Ruba very much as he felt his skin crawling for the rest of the day.

Chapter 31
As the other clans left they promised to meet at the next Gathering, but everyone realized that a very special time had come to an end, when the clans had stood as one to face an enemy.
The Standing-Rock Clan was once again on its own, but could look forward to the future with cautious optimism. There was still winter to prepare for, but after the cataclysmic events that had threatened the clan, this seemed just an everyday thing to do. There was a big hunt to organize, the larder still to fill, but this seemed less of a chore than in the other years.
The morning council had been quiet. There were no great decisions to be made, no critical events to prepare for, no dire consequences to deal with. It was as close to normal as they had been for a long time. The meeting dispersed quickly, as everyone tried to readjust to the abrupt normalcy.
It was hard for Chaiko to let go of all the excitement, filled as he was with problems, and to slip back into a comfortable routine. His mind craved the challenge of these puzzles, though his body needed a rest. He stared into the fire, past the rising curtain of smoke, and saw the old bull dancing in the flames. Chaiko smiled to himself; yes, he was coming closer to the spirit world. He felt a growing confidence that he was at some threshold, convinced that the old bull would lead him there.
Dawn came over to him and gave him some food served in the fold of a broad leaf... lightly cooked vegetables, tender young carrots and some white roots covered by a rich meat sauce. The aroma of the hot food made him realize that in the past days he had barely taken a moment to taste anything. He had eaten at times, for Dawn fed him, but he had chewed on problems, tasted only worry, and smelled fear and confusion around him. Suddenly he had the leisure to relish food again.
He looked at Dawn and noticed for the first time that she was smiling at him hopefully. In the shyness of that smile he realized how much the shaman had claimed him; how much he had let the cares and concerns of the clan steal time from himself, his son and his mate. He attempted a strained smile in return. Chaiko, the man, was struggling to surface. Dawns face brightened and in her arm Yael waved toward him enthusiastically.
Yes, suddenly there was time again for the family. There should always be time for the family! he remonstrated with himself. Shouldnt let cares so consume me. Slowly his smile warmed up and his eyes lost their inward look.
Dawn saw her turtle slowly emerging from his shell. She smiled at him with as much radiance as she could summon, badly wanting to give him something that would make it easier for him to come back to them. She beamed at him that certain look of promise, an invitation to find renewal in pleasure. Immediately his eyes grew brilliant with recognition. Chaiko crossed over to them and claimed his son. The baby felt noticeably heavier in his arms and was struggling with more focus of energy. He reached for his fathers face, one small hand grabbing onto his nose, the other exploring the rest of the contours. Chaiko closed his eyes, filled with pride for Yael. Dawn felt aglow with contentment seeing her son play with her mate. This is harmony; she held onto this thought, storing it away for some future day, when she would need it. The two parents enjoyed the burbling pleasure of their baby boy, but still Dawn wanted to give Chaiko something.
A little later, Dawn waved to Tanya and the two of them led Chaiko to their garden. The two women watched him hopefully as he took in the sight of the growing plants, and listened to their explanations. Dawn was a little confused, because she was showing this to her mate, and yet making her report to her shaman. Chaiko nodded encouragingly as his eyes explored the clear concentration of various grains; rye and oats he recognized, then roots and some vegetables besides. In the past he had listened to her reason through much of this, had been supportive, but had kept himself from imposing and somehow taking over her idea. But now, to see the idea so realized, took his breath away. In their lives a new idea was rare, and rarer still the proof of it so boldly realized. He looked with open admiration at the result. It was nigh inconceivable; they had caused plants to grow where they wanted them, not spread thinly over the whole of the plain.
This is astonishing, Chaiko said. The two women exchanged pleased looks. In their view, a woman took care of her family and derived pride and pleasure from it, but they had also tended this small piece of ground, plucking weeds and grasses from among the cultured growth.
Chaiko did not suffer from a lack of imagination, but still it took him some time to translate this small patch of a garden into larger fields of grains and vegetables, capable of feeding perhaps even the entire clan. He smiled and praised, Plants will not run away. They dont migrate. You have brought these plants practically into the cave! He knew that this had been Dawns driving thought. She flushed warm with the pleasure of his recognition. It was greatly rewarding to have their achievement so acknowledged by someone who could see beyond this small patch to its full promise. Chaiko then examined the garden more closely taking inventory.
The rice did not grow; we planted some here, Dawn said, pointing to a bare spot.
I think rice needs wetlands, Chaiko offered thoughtfully.
Yes, so we have come to realize, Dawn agreed.
Chaiko then dropped to his knees and dug his fingers into the dry dirt. You know, since these plants are so close together, you could bring water here ...
The two women looked knowingly at each other. They had already done that, and had learned that too much water was as bad as too little.
Chaiko looked from one to the other, each feeling so pleased with herself, and he smiled at them. He closed his eyes and intoned in a shamans voice, I see fields of grains you planted growing. Fields and fields of these waving, swaying in the winds. I can see you scattering the grain, see the seeds burst to life, reach for sun and air. I see the seedling grow into a plant, then bloom with the flower of its youth, ripen into fruit of its seeds, many fold. Grain enough to feed our people, fruit enough to nourish them. He had started partly in jest, intended as a joyful reward, but by the end they all realized the enormous significancethey had glimpsed the larger vision of it. But only Chaiko sensed that this, like Falcon, was bigger than all of them, and would long outlive them in significance. It was a radiant and thoughtful three that returned to the cave.
Chaiko was impressed; the two women had proven their ideas. He was keenly aware how easy it was to overlook an idea even when it was in plain sight. This thought awakened the old familiar, haunting feeling; what was he not seeing right now? The thoughts were enticing him deeper within himself, but he forcefully shrugged them off. There seemed to be time enough later; there was even time enough to enjoy what he already had. He smiled benignly about himself, feeling content. Then his eyes fell on Sosa and the shaman awoke in him again.
Walking over to Yaya, he asked, How is he?
Yaya looked up at him, her face pained by her loss. He is the same. Does not ask. Does not answer. He does what he is told, but no more. The words were said in a dull monotone.
The woman has given up, Chaiko realized, with a painful thud of his heart. She is afraid even to hope for her son. He sat down across from Sosa and looked the boy over carefully. The face was vacant, the eyes were empty. Where are you Sosa? the shaman peered at the boy with a burning intensity. If Sosa was there, Chaiko meant to find him. But he could see nothing, not the least flicker of an expression.
Do not let your previous thoughts distract you, he told himself. Look again. Look anew. With fresh eyes, as if you had never seen him before. He searched the boy again, but could find nothing behind the blank expression. Chaiko waited for some thought to tell him what to do next.
In moments of need, Chaiko had taken to reaching for Bogans tell-mark around his neck, not really for inspiration; the gesture was more an unconscious expression of his need to focus, to solve some problem. His mind was working furiously. Ideas flashed briefly, like a lightning storm across a dark backdrop of rolling clouds. A thought would fleetingly illuminate the confusion then just as quickly wink out again. He chewed on his lip in concentration, trying to hold onto all the threads, but still nothing practical or useable emerged. Look with your spiritual eyes, he recalled, prompted by Samars favorite saying, but he did not know what was meant by it.
If youve lost something, go find it, some deep inner voice said from behind the turmoil of all other thoughts. Chaiko shrugged off the simplicity of this idea as he tried to sort through the rest. But again the thought surfaced, Go find it. Chaiko bristled at this naive suggestion. Life was not that easy; again he cast the thought aside. One does not look for a lost soul, hiding inside himself, as if he were some misplaced item. Why not? the voice insisted against all his objections, and gradually, as the whole of his attention turned to it, the more practical the solution seemed. Go find it!
Suddenly energized, he went to Baer and interrupted him without the least regard for what his brother was preoccupied with. We must find Sosa, he said without any preamble. Baer looked in astonishment at his brother for this unexpected, brusque behavior. He had wrongly thought that his brother could no longer surprise him this way, no matter what he did.
Chaiko talked with unusual urgency behind his voice, and Baer found himself nodding in response, bit by bit won over by the unfolding idea. Baer then waved Cosh to come, then Tusk. Ushi, curious as always, came on his own and he stayed when no one turned him away. Chaiko had little to add to what he had already said. He issued crisp directions, detailed enough to show what was intended, but allowed them to find the means to realize it. Then as abruptly as he had come, he rose and went to the back of the cave, to look at the painting on the wall. He stared at the herd until the animals came alive and thundered in never-ending procession across the face of the stone. So thin was the separation between the real word and the spiritual! Chaiko marveled.
Soon everyone became aware that something unusual was afoot. Baer talked with Tanya. Tusk, Cosh and Ushi went from group to group issuing directions. And the cave came alive, infused with the purpose their shaman set before them. Go find it, the cave replied.
By nightfall all was ready. There were many fires burning, filling the interior with light. A multiplicity of shadows danced on the walls in earnest. There was a heavy air of expectation building, straining toward some climax. People talked in hushed tones and cast unsettled looks about themselves. Was not the past a domain of spirits? Every pulse quickened.
Then at a signal from Chaiko, Yaya led Sosa to the centre of the open space and set him down on the hard-packed dirt. Tusk, Cosh and Tanya herded the various groups into their assigned places. Men, women, childrenall had a role to play tonight. They looked nervously from one to another. Chaiko commands it, was passed from tongue to tongue with a delicious shiver of anticipation. There was a promise of magic in the preparation. Good magic, they guessed. Healing magic, they hoped. And they were all going to be a part of it.
The sky receded into a void of black, and the sparks from the fires leapt into the cool of the night air. Chaiko stood up, drawing all eyes upon him. He wore his feather cape, his chosen badge of office. He turned slowly, looking at them all.
We have lost Sosa. We must find him again. His voice rang clear in the cave, resolute. The fire crackled loudly in the following quiet. People held their breath. To find him we must go back to where we lost him. We must go back into the past and bring him into the present. Many backs shuddered with dread at this suggestion, hairs rising in apprehension. But Chaiko commanded it, so it must be done. The shaman gave the signal and thankfully unleashed the pent-up energy of the cave.
Ruba and Ork went to join Sosa in the centre. Makar donned a bison robe with an intact head dress and bellowed a command. Others rose to join him, all covered by bison fur. They merged into a herd, the many shadows cast by the fires, multiplying their numbers. The herd surged back and forth, then receded; it swayed and spilled across the cave as they followed Makar playing the lead bull.
All around, the others that were left, the old and the young, the ones with children, started to beat the ground with sticks and rocks to give a resonance to the dancing hooves. The walls echoed and strengthened the sound, and soon the whole cave was filled with the pounding of hooves and bison calls. The whole interior boomed with the noise of them. Dust rose into the air.
Chaiko gave a signal again. Ruba turned to Sosa and yelled over the din, The bison are coming. Run, Sosa run! The boy did not respond. See them coming! Hear the thunder of their feet! It is time to run for safety.
On the other side Ork grabbed Sosa and shook him, Come on, Sosa, we must run now! Please, please run!
The line of bison neared menacingly and the heavy pounding of their hooves trembled in the ground. The smell of dust was in the air. The bison surged again, with many grunts and bellows of rage, then they veered aside to regroup and surge again.
Run, Sosa, run! Chaiko yelled, and smashed a stone onto the ground. Kor and Calla beside him were likewise pounding the earth; they were the hooves of the herd. Callas shrill voice cut above the rest, Run, Sosa, run!
Ork shook his friend again urgently. Run, Sosa, run! he pleaded. He did not need to pretend any longer. He was frightened, no longer sure of where they were, safe in the cave or in danger before the mad stampede gaining on them.
The whole cave reverberated with the noise: the thunder of the herd charging, the pounding of hooves mixed with the rhythm of hearts racing ahead of the terror merged into one throbbing roar that filled all recesses, filled every soul. The sour smell of sweat and fear mixed with the rising dust choked already constricted throats, making it nearly impossible to breathe.
Still, the imperative Run, Sosa, run! cut through all the thunder of the noises and rebounded from the walls. The whole clan was straining at these words, all their wishes pressed into this single command. Run, Sosa!
Ork was now fully terrified; nausea filled his insides. He wished he could run away but he dared not leave his friend. Others, too, shook with the fear relived. The growing thunder of the herd on the move again filled their whole consciousness.
At first Sosa, the focus of all this effort, remained untouched. His eyes stared vacantly at the dancing confusion of light and shadows. He sat like a solitary rock amidst the swirl of water. Just a resistance; it was the water that had to bend and find a way around. Still, with the water pushing and tugging at the rock, exerting its pressure a little at a time, even the rock had to yield to its relentless force and imperceptibly it moved. A shadow passed across the vacant face, and the eyes jumped around more and more, drawn by the sway of motion. The face struggled into awareness. The eyes blinked and cast about for something safe to focus on. Confusion overwhelmed Sosas expression, quickly replaced by a growing anxiety. He was then racked by fear and his eyes grew round and unarticulated sounds of terror squeezed through his throat. The beat of hooves was pounding at him and his legs began to jerk.
Run, Sosa, run! Save yourself! the chaos commanded. His legs twitched again. His eyes finally found the line of bison and focused upon it. His legs began to pump, as he struggled to his feet. Ork grabbed him by the arm, yelling at him, Save yourself!
Save yourself! the cave echoed the command, over the drumbeat of hooves, over the mad bellowing of bison drawing ever nearer. Sosa struggled to claw himself upright. Yes, Sosa, get up and get going! Ruba urged as Ork pulled on his friend. A cry of terror broke from Sosas lips, a thin, ragged sound that broke in tone, and his whole frame shook as he watched in frozen horror the bison herd advancing.
Then suddenly Crow jumped beside the trembling boy and with his body shielded him from the approaching threat. Sosa grabbed onto him with both hands and with the desperation of a drowning man would not let Crow go. They were joined by Chandar who shoved back at the shaggy bodies pressing in, to win them some space. Out of the dust emerged Makar, his bison robe cast aside, and he too stood to shelter the boy. The herd split around this group and rumbled by out of the circle of lights. Then in the darkness they, too, cast off their robes and returned, rushing in.
You are safe! Sosa is safe! The bison are gone. And Sosa is safe! They pressed protectively around the boy, each reaching out, touching him, giving something back to him. Then Yaya dashed in and grabbed her son in a fierce crushing embrace. Sosa, Sosa, Sosa ... she cried convulsively. Kray hovered protectively over both of them, his trembling hands on his son, his eyes flooded with tears.
Ork reached for his friend. You are safe. You are safe. You are safe, he whispered over and over again. Please do not go away.
Slowly, the terror drained out of Sosa. Although his breathing was still compressed by his fright, his eyes cleared slowly and he looked from one face to another for reassurance. People were crying out in release, from reliving such an ordeal, but their eyes also sparkled with joy at getting him back. Sosa, Sosa ... they called, reaching in to touch him, to hold onto him, not letting him escape.
Recognition finally filled those eyes and Sosa started to cry, racking sobs rising from somewhere deep within, where he had found some refuge for a time. But that place of safety had become his prison, cutting him off from the outside. Fear had driven him there, but fear had also brought him back. At last Sosa knew that he was home. He put an arm around his mother and buried his face into her shoulder. The others reluctantly withdrew to give the family a chance to welcome him back. People drifted away, wiping their eyes, some crying silently, some still heaving with convulsive gulps of air.
There was an indescribable overflow of emotion, painful and joyous at the same time. There was also a sense of togetherness, as the whole clan for a brief time had strained in unison to rescue one of their own. These feelings were so intense, were so impossible to put into words that no one tried. They returned to their places and wondered what exactly had just taken place. Had they really been to the past, or had they brought the past into the present?
Only Chaiko, it seemed, remained calm. He dropped by his fire and stared thoughtfully into the flames. Not surprisingly he found the old bull therein, dancing in victory. Had he changed so much? From a turtle to a bull? Dawn came over and patted his back. In some ways he needed as much coaxing to come out of himself as Sosa, she thought, but he was able to hide behind his office as shaman. She was grateful to him, for she realized that he would do as much for her and for their son and more, much more. As her smile caressed his face, he basked in the warmth of it. I must hold onto her, he told himself, as the man he struggled with the shaman ... for dominance.

Not long after, Makar set about composing another great epic about the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan, who seemed capable of anything. He described in painful detail how Chaiko took the clan into the past to rescue one lost young boy. Inspired, Malek nodded enthusiastically and resolved to paint a picture.
Chaiko listened with amazement over all the commotion. He had simply done his best as a shaman of the clan was required to do. Why inflate such an act of necessity with so many words? Who would believe it anyway? But then he knew. His clan would and so would others in time. Were all tales and legends of the past hung on such tenuous reinterpretations as this? He worried; how much of the truth survived in the retelling?

The rescue of Sosa, though exciting, also proved exhausting. Still, sleep did not come any easier. Out of habit people settled down, pulled the covers over themselves but turned restlessly about. The two brothers, Baer and Chaiko, sat across from each other by the fire, listening to the night. High above them the shrill call of a falcon cut into the quiet. Unusual for a falcon to be out so late in the darkness, mused Chaiko to himself and looked into the moonlit sky but could not find the bird in the confusion of clouds.
Brother ... Baer started to ask but had to give up when he could not find the words. Chaiko looked at him expectantly, wondering if Baer had meant to talk with the shaman instead. He was getting used to peoples confusion. Even Crow was showing undue reverence to his closest friend.
The shaman is part of me, not the whole of me, he said sympathetically, addressing Baers disorientation. Sometimes though, he overstays his purpose, like a fur one wears from one day to the next. One gets used to wearing it and doesnt even notice the difference. Sometimes, even I forget who I am. Hold onto her, the voice inside said.
Baer blinked at him. Simple it was not, he thought, for he, too, felt the difference between being Baer the father and Baer the leader of his clan. He, too, often had to be bigger than himselfthink of others ahead of himself. In the changes in Chaiko and himself, he feared losing his brother, and as he struggled with this conflict, he realized that he himself must stay, how did Chaiko put it, in frontvisible and available. He shook his head in denial; it gave one a headache to chase after so many thoughts and reasons all at once. It should be enough just to be livingas it seemed enough for everyone else but not the two of them; Baer and Chaiko, Chaiko and Baer.
Good night, brother, he said rising, his hand on Chaikos shoulder. It was enough thinking for one night.
Good night, brother, the thinker replied, already some place far away.

Chapter 32
The next morning people awoke to mixed feelings; on the one hand, they were glad about Sosas rescue, but on the other were saddened by the unusual quiet as they realized that they were alone again. They already missed the others. The popular, good-natured Lesser-Bears, the feisty Sharp-Owls and even the contentious Black Pearls. For the short while that they were here, the people of the Standing-Rock Clan got a feel of what it would be like to belong to a much larger clan. But for now the soft light of the morning was much too quiet and the place much too empty.
At the meeting of the leaders, Baer suggested that some pretext should be found to celebrate and thereby lift the prevailing mood. It did not take them long to figure out that this would be an ideal time to announce the upcoming mating of Crow and Lana and make an occasion of it. Such a happy event would surely dispel the gloom hanging over them. The leaders agreed and quickly dispersed to make the necessary arrangements.
In a little while the whole clan stood in decorous order, everyone charged with suppressed excitement. Her eyes glowing with heightened brilliance, her bosom rising and falling rapidly, Lana stood beside her mother, who issued quiet directions for the ceremony. Nervous like a bird, Chaiko thought.
The intended man stood his ground a little more awkwardly, still trying to smooth down an obstinate lock of hair. Beside him stood Tusk who was going to vouch for Crow. Emma hovered in the background, trembling hands covering her face alight with excitement. It was dizzying that in a few short days she had gone from utter dejection, believing Crow lost, to the present elation surpassing all her hopes and expectations. Lana was such a beautiful child-woman and Crow was so lucky to win her. Her heart fluttered with joy; if only her mate were alive to witness this, and her eyes misted over again,
Baer cleared his throat and said in a deep voice that expanded over the whole of the cave, It is right for a man to take a woman for a mate when he has achieved the status of a Hunter and the ability to care for the one he has chosen. And it is fitting for a girl to leave the hearth of her parents where she was raised and join her chosen mate and become the woman she was born to be. His voice swelled with pride and everyone smiled along at his pleasure. It is fitting for the clan to take notice and give approval of their union and witness their right to live together as man and woman joined for life. He looked all around, his face shining with joy. Before us stand two young people who would have you know of their love and caring for each other and ask that you witness their promises to one another.
Baer looked around again and tried to moderate the big grin that had taken possession of his face. Be ye then witnesses! Who speaks for the man who would take a woman for his own?
I do, declared Tusk in a booming voice, in his fathers stead. He is a man of character. Guaranteed healthy of limb and mind. A skilled hunter and a great companion as we can all testify. His heart is pure and is filled with love for the girl he is asking for. I stand beside him now and forever to support his suit. At his last words he stuck the butt of his spear sharply into the ground. It was an impressive speech for a man who was not known for making them. But hear him ask for himself.
There was great quiet as everybody strained to catch what the new-man would say. Crow swallowed nervously but his voice sounded steady. You all know me and my qualities. You know that I have loved Lana these many years now and will do so long as I shall live. He took a deep breath trying to free up his chest. I will protect her and care for her to the best of my abilities. You know I would go to the ends of the earth for her. They all nodded, remembering that he had already done so at his great peril to rescue her from the clutches of the Tolmecs. A murmur of approval swept through the ranks of the standing.
Baer beamed approvingly, then looking about he asked, And who shall speak for the girl? And he waited for a reply. People were caught off guard by the unexpected question. Should he not? A stir, like a shiver, passed through the crowd as people shuffled their feet in surprise. Baers eyes twinkled in fine good humor enjoying their perplexity, but Tanya frowned. Why I, of course, he hurried to recover the dignity of the proceedings. I give you assurance that the young man presented is acceptable to us and his suit welcome. We know of his stalwart character. We know of his love for our daughter. We embrace him as a son and declare him wholly acceptable. But let my daughter speak of her intent.
Lana took a step forward out of the embrace of her mother, held herself straight and in spite of her nervousness said in a clear tone that rang with the color of her singing voice, I love you and I have always loved you. My heart is full of you. I long to be your mate and share your life with you. I want to cook for you and to bear you many children. These were big words for so slight a girl, one so delicate. Everybody held their breath, sipping at this wonderful aftertaste when love was genuine and returned with the same passion.
Well then, friends, let us not stand in their way but hurry to approve their commitment, Baer called out cheerfully, inviting everyone to share in their joy. I am truly doubly blessed, for as a father I now convey my daughter to her happiness and as leader of this clan, I can endorse their union.
Tanya was crying softly, large tears like pearls rolling down her face. My baby, my baby, she repeated over and over again as she alternately clutched Lana to her and held her off to gaze wonderingly at her dear child. Then she stroked her daughters hair. Dawn and Ile stroked hers. It was a sweet moment: joyful, for her daughter had found a mate who loved her, knew how to value her and take care of her, yet it was a little sad because the daughter had grown out of her care.
Makar and Ido looked on with big eyes at the proceedings. It was clear to all that they would be next. So the moment after, they felt, somehow belonged to them. They exchanged significant looks and squeezed each others hands. Makars heart swelled with pride, and in his mind, verse vied with verse to describe how he felt. Idos eyes were shining with joy for her dearest friend, wishing her every happiness that she was shortly about to partake of herself. She held onto Makar possessively.
Also in the background, Gill and Ela were holding onto each other and it was obvious that soon some announcement from them was likely to be forthcoming. Elas face glowed as she watched the young people being promised to one another. The promise of a new beginning was waiting for her, too.
The last word belonged to the shaman and everybody waited expectantly for him to speak. Chaiko looked at the crowd and said solemnly, Forget not what you have seen and witnessed. For these two are intended for one another and have won your approval. No one, therefore, may place any hindrance in their way. Then he turned to the young pair and his voice softened, for he so loved them both. You are indeed blessed to have found each other. All your friends hoped and wished this for you. So search for ways to please one another. His eyes were luminous as he found Dawn. You are now one. For his life is now yours to share, as your wish is now his own. Be fruitful, that your future may be bright. Be true in thought and dreams so that you might have a long life. May the years smile at you both. Though he said it to the young couple, his eyes never left Dawn.

After that, the rest of the people flooded in and claimed the newly mated couple. Congratulations! Be happy! Be healthy and strong! May your children grow up in the warmth of your love. These were the usual things people said on these occasions but they were heartfelt nonetheless. Chaikos spirit was filled with overflowing generosity and he wanted to give them more than he himself would ever have dared to accept. Sometimes the pleasure of others surpassed ones own.
Chandar came over to Crow and shook both his hands. It is good that you have found each other. You both deserve to be happy, said the man, whose search was not so fortunate, but repeatedly frustrated.
Thank you, was all Crow could think to say. But in the midst of his own joy there was a bit of sadness left over for his friend, his former rival for the affection of his mate.
If you can make your life sing as beautifully as your songs sound, then I too will be happy in your radiance, Chandar said softly to Lana so only she could hear, and she regarded him with sympathy. She had made her choice, but there would always be a little tenderness left over for him.
The exchange was private but Chaiko did not overlook it. He grabbed Chandar by his shoulders and called out loudly to the rest. This deserving young man has rightly earned a home among the Standing-Rock Clan. Will someone stand for him? To adopt him?
I will! Baer jumped in.
So will I, Tusk yelled.
Do not leave me out, interjected Cosh.
A chorus of voices joined in, Me ... I ... Hey, how about me? And each pressed closer to the young man trying to claim him so that Chaiko had to rescue Chandar from the crush. The shaman was laughing, a rare event indeed, even in such a festive mood as this. Have you ever seen one son have so many fathers before?
Chandar blushed at the honor.
Baer motioned for quiet and proclaimed in his loud, official voice, Well, that settles it. Chandar is now truly one of us. One of us will surely adopt him as soon as we can figure out who has the best claim.
I have first spear, Stow yelled and everybody laughed.
I claim him, said a quiet voice and everybody turned to see Makar looking back at them with focused intensity. The hilarity suddenly evaporated. Who has a better claim than one who has no other family? Well, no one could argue against such reasoning. Yes, let Makar have him.
Chandar strode over to Makar and said in an undertone, Yes, brother, I can finally see him. He was referring back to their vigil in the hills overlooking the Tolmec camp, awaiting Crows return with the girls. The two young men embraced and pounded each other on the back in good manly fashion. Emma cried; she had so much to cry about on this day.

It took a while for the cave to settle down after the events which consumed most of the morning. The despondent mood was gone and people were energized anew.
A loud laughter echoed through the cave. It was Ork and Sosa, engaged in some mischief. Yes, Sosa was back, people noted with satisfaction. The reunion of friends regained a certain liveliness that only boys of certain age seemed to excite around themselves. A much relieved Ork could not do enough for his friend and deluged him with a great outpouring of attention. Yet, it was not the same old Sosa  for there was a sense of uncertainty about him. He would pause in mid-play and momentarily disappear, leaving Ork anxiously holding his breath. It was as if a sense of spontaneity had gone out of Sosa. Now he was content to follow, not so bent on leading as formerly.
Where did you disappear to ... when you were not there? Ork asked his friend, much puzzled.
I dont know, Sosa replied shrugging, but it was a quiet place. A fleeting expression of longing crossed his face. I could see everything around me, but at a distance as if it had nothing to do with me. He shrugged again. I could hear everything but it sounded far, far off. I did not want to move and after a while I could not. He shook his head, dissatisfied that there were no words to describe the experience of sitting inside a stranger and looking out.
Ork screwed up his face with an effort to understand. He had learned the fear of being left alone and abandoned. The next time you decide to go away, he struggled with the words, you take me with you. For if Sosa could, so could he. Would it not be amazing if the two of them could just disappear? That would create quite a stir in the clan, he thought with sudden relish. He told Sosa, who laughed out loud. People looked up surprised. When had they last heard him laugh?

Dawn sat by her fire, deep in thought, still unconsciously playing with Yael. Yes, my son, someday you, too, will grow up and find your own mate. There was great pride in that thought but also an unexpected pang of pain. She looked with understanding toward her friend, but the headwoman was busy at her fire. Presently Tanya looked up and the two women smiled at each other. Yes, each of us is working on the tapestry as you have foreseen, Dawn allowed. Then their attention drifted apart, claimed by the flow of their lives.
A little later Dawn was observing Chaiko and marveled at how much her mate had matured. It seemed hardly possible that he was only fifteen years old. Yet, no matter how much he grew, she must grow with him. The promises the new couple had made reminded her of her own commitment. We will grow together.
Then she recalled her childhood, among the People-of-the-Elk. They held that a woman was to serve and to protect the harmony of the home, but they did not understand the partnership that the People of the Standing-Rock clan adhered to. Her childhood seemed a long way off. When Chaikos eyes met hers and were caught by the light in hers, she smiled at him, happy for her mate, her son and all her friends. She felt at home and she dared to think for the first time that these were truly her people now.
******
Over the next days, Chaiko became aware of an increasing sense of lightness of mood. With the Tolmec situation now well behind them, the problems facing the clan had shrunk. A sigh escaped him and the lightness turned into quiet contentment. Yes, it feels good to be free of such spirit-crushing worries; it feels good to be alive, he thought. He closed his eyes to savor the pleasure of the moment and drew a deep breath through his nostrils tasting the air. He could smell the sun on the grass and the ripening that was slowly progressing. He smiled with the unusual pleasure and made the mistake of trying to examine it. Immediately a perverse thought loomed in his mind; it was all too good. Too good to last, too good even to be real, more like a mirage, a temporary fooling of oneself. His mind then found an immediate resonance and this feeling bubbled up from his past, a driven, desperate attempt by a cripple to prove his worth in service to the clan. It was an intense, painful yearning for recognition. The memory awoke in him a bitter, bitter taste, which he desperately tried to reject. But I have status, respect and recognition, he protested to himself, more than perhaps I would ever want or deserve. All the same, he felt that no amount of acceptance or fame would ever counterbalance his earlier rejection and humiliation. Must I carry these with me all my life? he asked, but his reason could not give him an answer. Hold onto the moment. Enjoy it! he commanded himself and he cast about for something real to grab onto. His eyes stopped on Dawn and Yael. Yes! he told himself, hold on! No matter how unreal things were going to get around him with all the demands and obligations of his position, she was real. Again he said, Hold on!
Dawn looked up, instantly aware that Chaiko was looking at her and actually seeing her this time. Her hand flew to her throat in a protective defensive reflex, for unaccountably his gaze felt intrusive, as if a stranger were looking at her. Then she recognised the need in his eyes, and a sense of guilt swept through her for having, in a way, neglected him, allowing him to go his way and be a shaman, allowing him to forget that he was also her mate who owed caring and tenderness to her and their child.
He felt guilt, too, but in a flash his mind sought ways to distance him from it; you were too busy with the cares of the clan ... But he stepped on the thought vehemently. You think too much like a shaman. But to her ... to her you are more than a shaman.
They looked at each other cautiously, expectantly, both feeling very vulnerable. Do you remember the first days when we met on the plain? I drew a map on the ground, and he started sketching on the ground the same lines as he had then; by thunder, was it only a year ago? Seemed impossible. Here was our fire. To the west beyond these mountains were your people somewhere. Here to the east were the clan. But when it came to a choice as to which way you would go, you chose me and my clan. He placed two small pebbles as he had a year ago on the path to the east.
Dawn remembered and her eyes filled with the tears at the memory of her pain of having to choose. That wound had still not healed entirely. Why did one have to give up something to gain something else? Why is he asking me now? To remind me of the commitment I made to him? Through the tears she looked at him awaiting his next move as she had a year ago, their fate in the balance.
I am thinking, he said in a quiet voice, that you have come my way, all the way. And now it is my turn to follow you. She blinked at him not comprehending, for especially in moments of stress, she lost her facility with the clan language. When she cried, she cried in the language of the People of the Elk.
I am thinking it is time, when everything here is settled, to search out your people and family so that I can ask them to accept me as their daughters mate. She blinked rapidly as the words sank in, and then she really started to cry, big tears cascading down her cheeks. But with every drop the pain eased and she let go of all the hurt she had felt on account of him.
He saw he crying, and the hunter in him recoiled from this sign of feminine frailty. But the man who had sought after her, reached out and folded her tenderly into his arms. The tears still flowed, but they were no longer of pain but of release. They each remembered all the promises they had made to one another. Finally, she relaxed in his arms and his embrace softened around her.
Tanya who had watched in alarm the interaction between Chaiko and Dawn unfold, wanted to hurry over to protect Dawn, but then she had to stop herself forcibly not to intrude. They had a right to privacy so they could work their feelings out. She stood guard, not letting anyone near the couple. When Tanya saw the body contours ease into acceptance and tenderness, she felt like crying herself; too sweet to be pain, but too painful to be joy.

That night the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan was not to be found. In his stead was a young man who remembered being alone with his mate on the plain and making their home in this very cave. Their lovemaking was very tendera reaffirmation of all they felt. As he gave, he took, and she likewise. Both were surprised by a gift of freshness and intensity. Spent, they fell asleep, clutching onto each other like any newly mated couple, their breathing aware of the other even in sleep.
Still it was strange that next morning, it was the shaman who awoke, greeted her, then went off to the morning council meeting. He then sat and thought or let people come and make use of him; to lead when he was asked to; to give advice; to concoct some magic incantation as a magician; or to invoke some spirit as one who could talk to spirits. The latter tasks he did with some reluctance after he could not shake the belief of the supplicants that such was beyond him. But in the midst of all this, there were times when he looked at Dawn meaningfully, and they both thought of when they had the whole plain to themselves to live and play in. He smiled when she winked at him.
And so Chaiko became young again, even though it would be presumptuous to call a man of fifteen, old. He won back some of that happy, carefree quality that he had lost when his childhood was interrupted by a River of Rocks.
Now when he looked upward in the sky to watch the flight of the falcon and beyond it a flight of swallows, the shaman of the Standing-Rock Clan found himself at peace. He still had to ease into that feeling a thought at a time.

Epilogue
It was late in the summer and the bloom had passed from the grass. Shortly, the color of drying petals would glow crimson and gold in the meadows. The birds were reinforcing their nests in preparation for the winter that loomed beyond the glow of summer, still glorious but its promise already spent.
Tanya found herself crying again, gushing big tears. Concerned, Dawn hurried over to her friend. What was there to cry about in the midst of such plenty and happiness?
I dont know why I am crying all the time, Tanya said apologetically. She wiped her eyes but more tears came to the surface. But she was not telling the truth, she knew, and so she finally confided to her friend, I am with child.
Dawn looked at Tanya in astonishment. Then joy filled her. Yes, new life always found a way, as Chaiko always said. A short while ago the clan had stood at the edge of a precipice, on the verge of a great blood-letting and death, but new life was already stirring within Tanya.
Then a thought occurred to Dawn. Tanyas child would need a friend of the same age to grow up with. She smiled, then looked warmly at her mate, who was quietly observing them across the fires.
******
An unbroken line of bison fought its way uphill compelled by their instinct to follow the southbound route that their passage over the years had stamped into the land and their memory. The old bull was among the press, surrounded by the companions he had kept all summer. He lowed and they obeyed him.
Someplace along the way, they met up with other beasts who smelled different, the dust of their pelts heavier and their hair coarser, not softened by the abundance of great plain grass. No matter, the herd was together again.
******
Far to the north and to the east, the shaman Chaiko paused and sniffed into the air. He could have sworn he smelled bison but that could not be, for the herds had left the hunting grounds almost a full moon ago. He shook his head, and went on his way, dreaming of the Rainbow Gate.
Chaiko, the shaman of the Standing Rock Clan, Master of Falcon, and Spirit-Guide even to the Tolmecs. He looked into the setting sun, recited the lineage of his people, hoping to compel the spirits of his ancestors to open up for him the spirit world. For it behooved a shaman to know these things.
The End

