Copyright  2013, Crystal Lynn Hilbert
Published by Crystal Lynn Hilbert at Smashwords
ISBN 9781310130304
This story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living, dead, or otherwise is purely coincidental.
Cover art  2014, Crystal Lynn Hilbert.
The font used on the cover design is Travelling Typewriter by Carl Krull.


Wedged sideways in the ass crack of Tuesday at too-damn-early a.m., Max heaved himself out bed and, grumbling, lurched off for a shave. He didnt do a very good job of it.
In fact, he died.
While holding his face to get at the tricky bit by his ear, Max nicked his finger, flinched, and sliced a line down his jaw instead. Blood speckled the sink. Not muchnot yet, anywayjust enough to ruin his morning. Max flung the razor into the bowl, cussing blue.
But, of course, his razor hit the faucet and bounced out, onto the floor. So when Max stomped off to get a towel, he slammed the heel of his foot into the upturned blade, slipped and fell.
The back of his head cracked the porcelain sink, and then, for good measure, bounced off the tile floor.
Consciousness in, consciousness out.
World swimming, teeth clenched, Max dragged himself up. He groped a towel off the side of the tub and tried to stop the bleeding, but hed already left a nasty stain on the floor and he ended up trying to clean that instead. Because shit, yeah? If he stained the tile, there went his safety deposit out the fucking window.
So Max mopped at the floor while his vision blurred and swam, and the pounding in his ears split into a shrill ring. He had tohad to do something important. But when he tried to stand, he ended up retching into the tub.
Fucking hell, this day.
Max crawled upright. Leaning hard against the wall for balance, he staggered into his room and toppled into bed, burying his face in a pillow. Hed phone in to work later. Just, right now, he needed a lie down. Just for a minute. Maybe ten.
Only, he couldnt work his fingers. Max tried to pull the covers over his head, but he couldnt find his arms. He felt cold, cold to his bones. The whole world tilted around himcold, cold and wet, like water crashing overhead, again and again, in time to the throbbing and the ringing
He just needed to close his eyes a second. Hed be all right. Hed be
Youre dead, Mulligan, the answer phone snarled. Dead. You knew how important today was and you fucking blew it. You know what? If you cant be bothered to haul your sorry corpse out of bed todaytoday, of all the goddamn daysI cant be bothered to fucking pay you. You hear me, Mulligan? Youre fired.
Sitting beside himself, Max listened to the recording again, watching the contents of his head leak down the side of the bed and onto the carpet. The recording stopped. A moment later, it started again.
Youre dead, Mulligan, the answer phone informed him.
Max stared at the battered back of his skull. Well, fuck.
*
When the alarm screeched bloody hell in his ear, Max jerked awake, flung himself out of bed on instinct and scrambled halfway to the bathroom before he spotted a mirror that hadnt been there the night before.
Max stopped. The mirror faced the bed. And there was a woman sleeping in his bed.
What the fuck?
The woman in the bed grunted and shoved a pillow over her birds nest of hair. His pillow. At least, it should have been his pillow. She got it from where his pillow always went, but his pillow had a blue case and this one was all gray stripes.
Mother of God, he swore. Who even are you?
Nngh, she grunted with sparkling clarity. Shut up.
Shut up? What the hell are you doing in my bedI was not drunk.
The alarm went off again. Max had to find it to glare at it, and when he finally located it he found it sitting on the wrong side of the bed. A fist jumped out from the pile of covers, slammed into the top of an otherwise very happy, clock-holding plastic cat. The cat stopped yowling.
Look, he tried again. I dont know who the hell you are, but Im late to work and youve got to
The woman in the bed sat up like Dracula rising out of a subpar coffin and fixed him with the most intense blue-eyed stare Max had ever seen in his life.
You, she said, enunciating very clearly, are dead.
Im not And then a whole lot of vague half-memories caught him up all at once and Max just looked at her.
Well, not at her. At the bed. He remembered going to shave, a whole lot of blood. Hed gotten fired because of the blood. And then he went to sleep. And and at some point his landlord showed up? But he hadnt been late with the fucking rent, even if it did cost an arm and a damn leg and and wait.
Hed known the landlord was there. Thats why hed gotten up to shave. Had to get ready for the day, didnt want to look like utter shite in front of the nice lady his leech bastard landlord had gone and brought with him. Only hed cut his face and slipped and then
Im dead.
A plus, the blankets snarled. Now fuck off.
But, waitwait. You were there!
I was not there.
Max jolted across the room, back to the bed, and tried to pull the blanket off of her. You were! I saw you. My fucking landlord as well. He stopped trying to wrench at the covers because his hand went straight through. It made him seasick. Duvet-sick. Accusingly, he finished, You looked in the loo. You saw me.
I saw your god-awful ghost boxers. It was terrible.
Max risked a glance down. He found himself wearing possibly the un-sexiest drawers to ever greet the morning light, so he sidled around the side of the bed instead, and with great dignity, put the footboard between his crotch and her.
Most people, they see a bloke bleeding all over the tile, they think, Oh, perhaps Ill phone someone, he said.
I did, the lump of blankets told him. I called the landlord and said, Yes, thank you, Ill take the apartment anyway.
You could have helped me!
The pile shifted. The fearsome, blue-eyed head reappeared. Youre dead. You were already dead. You saw me because the landlord was renting the apartment to me.
Max felt the world opening up under his feet. Youre dead, Mulligan.
You say that like it should be obvious!
It is obvious.
Glowering, Max crossed his arms over his bare chest. And this was not a chest to be at all ashamed ofhe lifted giant bloody bricks for a living, after allbut the way she just lay there looking, she might burn a hole straight through.
Still could have helped, he insisted. Soul in torment, and all that?
The landlord wouldve thought Id lost my mind, charged me more. Anyway, stopping the cycle wont un-cremate you.
I was cremated?
Maybe. I dont know. I look like your mother?
He didnt know what to say to that. Didnt know how to see himself in terms of body and the bits it left behind. Didnt know how to face a stranger in his flat, how to ford the rising panicand feeling his feet start to sink through the carpetthrough the floorMax forced himself to stop thinking about it altogether.
He tried glaring, but the woman glared right back, and she was better at it.
Youre taking up the whole bed, he tried instead and dared edge around the baseboard. Shove over.
The girl in the bed pulled the covers up over her head again. Youre dead. Go haunt the couch.
Lookit the gratitude on you! Its my bed.
The fuck it is. I hauled this thing up three flights of stairs.
Max started to protest, but midway through opening his mouth he realized she was actually right. His bed had been two mattresses on the floor. Right on the ground, no feet or fancy yellow footboard with fiddly flowers and bits. Hed liked being a bloke who got laid, thanks very much.
I cant haunt the couch, he said, not thinking about it, doing his damnedest to not think about it.
Fine, bathtub then.
But I didnt die there! And fuck, there it was. Die. Dead. Max sunk to his ankles in the floor. But he forged on, like tearing off a plaster. And not the couch either. So shove over.
The head emerged once again. Look, she hissed. Its five in the morning. Shut up.
Max tried a winning smile. It turned up determined, but queasy. Dunno if anyone mentioned it to you, being as youre a rather terrifying article, but the monsters supposed to live under the bed.
A fist emerged from the covers and deployed a single, centrally located finger in his direction. Max sat down anyway. He found that as long as he thought about football scores and absolutely nothing else, he could just about manage it.
Only, part of his leg went through the womans arm and suddenly Max went hot and strange, like static and fast cars and indigestion. But the woman didnt move, didnt even notice, so Max got up again. He paced the length of the room, encountered an unfamiliar bureau and veered right back again. Beds were beds, even ones with fancy yellow footboards. Safer territory.
Except, once there, he found himself staring at that awful plastic cat and its damn stupid clock. Max looked at his hand. Looked at the bed sheets through his hand.
Spain/Ireland 4-0, singing Fields of Anthenry from the stands.
Steeling himself, Max jabbed a finger through the clock.
The alarm went on again. An arm emerged and slapped it off, like an angry tentacle from the depths.
He didnt feel a thing. Not a frisson of electricity, not fast cars or indigestion.
Youre dead, Mulligan.
Max prodded his finger into its face. This time, the alarm went on and stayed on.
Right up until the happy plastic cat sailed through his head.
*
Max woke to the sound of pans banging in the next room and grinned. Breakfast, he thought delightedly. Sausages, eggs, delicious crispy bacon. The stomach he didnt have gnawed itself in anticipation and then, oh yeah, wait.
Dead.
Fucking brilliant start to the morning.
Jesus God, Charlie. Whatre you up to? he grumbled, padding into the kitchen. Per usual, she glared at him.
Well, no, it wasnt really a glaremore like just the way she looked at things, staring all the way through to the other side. Otherwise she seemed a fantastic ride, only, well, his Charlie came with Voodoo Stare Action and she didnt turn it off.
I was having a morning, she said, voice flat.
Subtly, Max checked his chest to make sure she hadnt stared a hole through him. He found hed managed a shirt this morningsomething new on his disembodied body! Only took a sodding monthand his delight at the prospect threw healthy caution to the wind. Grinning, he leaned over Charlies shoulder, nuzzling his chin through the crook of her neck.
Was it a particularly good morning? You know, without me here to brighten your day?
Charlie shrugged him off, elbowed him sideways in that maddening, impossible way he couldnt bloody well figure out and glared. No touching.
All right, yeah. Dont have a go at me. He lifted his hands in surrender and backed up until he hit the window. Which, considering the size of the place, was about a half inch. A flea couldnt get lost in his damn flat.
Still, looking around... kitchen seemed a little bigger, what with most of his stuff missing now. As far as he could see, the only things left were a big cardboard box full of his old cutlery sitting on one of his rickety boot-sale chairs.
Nobody wanted my shit, huh?
Charlie shrugged, doing something complicated with vegetables in a pan. I guess.
Not even you? That sucks. My toaster goes, my table goes, my bed goes
Well, judging by the stain in there, you bled straight down through the mattress.
I died over the side, thanks very much. Im not that leaky.
She shrugged again and went into the fridgestill bedecked with his busty barmaid magnets, thanks very muchto collect a handful of eggs. Nobody buys biohazards.
You bought this place, and Ive seen the bathroom grouting. Theres bits of me all in it. Max stared mournfully at the eggs. Dyou think I could eat if I really tried?
You cant lift a fork.
Bet I can, he said, reaching into his box of junk to grab a fork. Make me eggs if I can? And then his fingers closed around metal.
Pain seared up his arm, unlike any misplaced razor or bathroom sink hed ever felt before. Just painpure, distilled, acid-burn painand Max wrenched his hand away.
Shit! Look at that, he said and held up his hand to Charlie. Or, at least, where his hand would have been if it hadnt been a searing, throbbing, ill-defined ball of mist. It burnt me.
Charlie stared through him.
Max staged a strategic retreat.
He stood by the door blowing on his burnt fingers, watching her crack eggs into a bowl. He wasnt much of one for things that didnt come free out of other peoples basements, but it looked nice. It was a nice bowl. No chips, nice color blueand blue all over, too. Not blue-my-brother-might-have-done-with-leftover-car-paint blue. This bowl had an actual pottery blue, kind of like Charlies eyes.
Which, now that he noticed, the rest of the place seemed a little less shit than normal, too. Even with her halfway through stripping the paint off the cabinets, the kitchen looked neat and tidy. Shed gotten stains off the counters thatd come with the counters. Jars lined the edges of the stove like those dolls that went inside the other dolls, full of tea bags and sugar and mysterious female things.
Max had never seen anyone with organized jars of tea and sugar. Even his mum had just kept helter-skelter boxes in the cabinets. Charlie, though. Charlie had a lot of things: jars, lovely bowls, mugs balanced on all the hooks and nails coming out of the wall hed never had a purpose for, a big brick of wood with a shit-ton of knives inside.
Which, hed seen an advert for those on the telly once. Expensive.
Youve got a lot of stuff.
Charlie reached around him to grab a spoon. Yeah.
Nice stuff, I mean. Howd you end up here?
She shrugged, tipping the bowl of frothy yellow eggs into a pan. And not at all dented either, he noticed. Max had never owned an undented pan in his life, and there she wascooking in the kind of pan you could hang on the wall just to look pretty.
Place was cheap, Charlie said.
Cheap? Where do you go during the days? This place took half my salary just to heat.
She shrugged again. Seemed like Charlie spoke mostly through varying degrees of shrug. I got a discount.
For what?
Charlie snorted. For bits of you stuck in the carpet.
Standing in the doorway, cradling his injured hand, Max watched herwith her undented pan, her nice bowl and her shiny spatulaand decided he didnt much trust her. Whats your rent?
Whats it matter to you? Youre not paying it.
It matters. How much?
She stirred her eggs like nothing. Five hundred.
Had he been breathing, Max might have stopped. Five hundred. Mother of God, five hundred? A little blood in the grout, a tiny puddle of blood in the carpet
Moderately sized lake.
A truly fucking minuscule amount, and Leland just goes and knocks off four hundred dollars? Bastard. He stopped and eyed her with suspicion. You flashed him your tits, didnt you?
Really, he shouldnt have been so surprised Charlie shoved the skillet through his chest. And that fucker burned. It burned worse than the forkworse even than the one time hed accidentally set off  a firecracker off his stomachcold-hot pain searing up and down his whole frame until he didnt even have a frame.
Max disincorporated all over the floor, hit the ground like a ten-ton sack of sloppy mist and retreated to the ceiling light for safety. He hadnt known he could do that before, but holy shit, thank the lord he could if Charlie felt like slaughtering poor bastards today.
Only meanwhile, below, Charlie just turned back to the counter and scooped her eggs and red peppers off over a piece of toast.
She didnt look angry, really. More like she looked sad and gray and frustrated. But he figured hed just stay up there in the ceiling light anyway, thanks very much. Wasnt worth the risk coming down.
Not that he couldnt still ogle her. From safety, anyway. All those curves and turns, looking like she could go off any second and take his legs clean off, wound up tighter than a three-quarter-inch steel cable around a whole shit ton of iron, but, Jesus, the way she walked.
To be fair, Max decided, Charlie did have discount worthy tits.
*
Howd you get this couch up here? she asked him one afternoon, staring at the vibrant, threadbare orange sofa currently dominating the living room like a moldering, forgotten sweet.
Hed managed to remember-on his favorite jeans today, so Max shoved his hands into his pockets, though one of the pockets popped out through a hole by the seam. Absently, he scratched his thigh, looking out the window. It comes apart.
Where at?
Max turned away from the few people scurrying about down below, forcing his attention away from a very tall blond in particular. Why? he asked, frowning.
Charlie blew a strip of hair out of her face and looked at him like it was meant to be obvious. Its hideous.
Its my sofa. You are not taking my sofa.
Max didnt check for holes in his chest, but he did take a quick scan of the area for any bits and bobs of metal hed have to avoid. 
Its filthy, she said. You might not have died on it, but somebody else did.
No. Max shook his head and crossed his arms and generally made a very good show at putting his misty foot down. That is a five hundred dollar sofa. Quality furniture. Youre not to lay a hand on it.
You picked it up on the side of the road.
You dont know that.
The graffiti?
Maybe I put it there.
She arched an eyebrow. Tanya 07 fucks free?
Aiming for large and intimidating, Max stared at her. Yeah. So? Its whats it calledartsy.
Charlie made that noise that meant shed found something funny, but wasnt about to crack a smile lest her whole face break off.
Good try, she told him. Im still going to pitch it.
Deadlock. They faced each other over the couch like pretty soon theyd be back to back and taking paces. Only, Charlied turn first, because thats just the way she was, and shed shoot him six ways til Sunday until Max couldnt even pull his mist together enough to flip her off.
And hed be fucked. Probably, he was already fucked.
Its my sofa.
Her face didnt change. Youre dead. How do I get it apart?
It wasnt about the sofa. Logically, Max knew it wasnt about the sofa.
But it was his, dammit. And sure it was fucking ugly, but he wasnt exactly a pretty bloke either and anywayhis sofa. It was his sofa, in his flat. Only it wasnt his sofa or his flat anymore, not since Charlie came along and showed her tits to the goddamn landlord down below. And all right, maybe she hadnt either, but she couldnt just waltz along and erase him.
Shoulders down, feet apart, Max watched her. Hed gotten into a fair number of bar fights in his timefelt like this was how most of them started.
Lot of history in this couch, he said slowly. If youre gonna throw it out, you should probably know its story, yeah? Hell, you should probably know everything, right? I mean its your flat now. You need to know these things.
All at once, he leapt over the couch to the rickety desk by the wall. You see this? This table here? I picked this up off of 52nd Street. It still had the foot when I got it, but I met this fucking gorgeous girl a few days later down at Murphys and we went at it so hard, the damn thing broke right off. So we just brought it on over to our lovely sofa here. Right here.
Max felt burning up all over. He felt cold on the back of his neck, scrabbling down his ribs until it landed sick and sticky in his stomach.
Helpless.
And Charlie stood across the way, staring at him like she couldnt care lesslike he didnt even matterand Max knew he couldnt touch anything. He knew he couldnt make a damn bit of difference. But it wasnt fair, it wasnt rightand somehow, all rage and fear and force, Max snatched up the middle cushion.
Behold, he snarled and tried to throw it, but his fingers dissolved and the bloody thing dropped. My Nasty Cushion. Now, you may be wondering if hers was the only bare lady bottom this cushion has ever seen. Well, you see that console you like so well? I built that, so youll want to be rid of it right away, obviouslybut when I was building it, this pretty little brunette comes up out of nowhere and asks if she could help. And she certainly helped. She helped here, and here, he said, shoving the console.
And here slapping the wall.
And here kicking the floor, the table, the little cubby meant to hold shoes. Then, with a flourish, And finally, the Nasty Cushion.
Max spun, glaring around the room for something else to remember, but hed never had much and most of it had gone.
Look, and this, too, he said, eyes catching on the rug. This Ive had for most my life. You wouldnt believe the many dozens of bare lady bottoms all over
Charlie strode to the window. She threw the pane open and leaned out, searching the ground outside for something. Max wanted to shake her. He wanted to turn her around and make her see him.
Oh, and the curtains, too, believe it or not. Youll have to do away with those, as well, of course. Dont want any memories of me lingering around. But see, an old girlfriend made them for me, and one time I had her pinned against the wall, yeah, in the middle of things and she reaches up and claws them down and when we ended up on the floor, there was lace fucking everywhere, but eventually we made it back to the Nasty Cushion, youll be just tickled to know.
Charlie crossed the room, wrenched up the Nasty Cushion and flung it out the window.
Max stopped talking. He heard the cushion hit the ground below with a muffled thud. On the street someone swore and started laughing.
Charlie, though, she just looked at him.
Then, like nothing had happened, she picked her book up off the coffee table and settled into the fancy Papasan chair shed come with, not a rip or tatter on it.
Staring at the naked, bandy pocked place on his couch, Max sank down into a remaining cushion and shut up.
*
Max seethed. All the bits of him he had left pulled apart and filled the room, a great big black shadow the likes of which hed had nightmares about as a boy and, all right, actually most of his life.
He felt awful. Cold to the core, and the ache. Max didnt know where his arms were. Fuck, he didnt care where his arms were. He hurt and he wasnt real and he didnt want to go.
She couldnt make him go.
From under the bathroom door, he could just see Charlies feet.
Max, get out. I have to piss.
He glared at those feet. Colorless, sockless, about as sensible and boring as a pair of feet could get. Fuck her. Just He couldnt. He wouldnt leave, no, not a damn thing doing. Hed be here forever, sunk down into the blood in the grout, and if they wanted to come get him out, let them tear the damn floor up. And why not, yeah? Tear up everything else hed ever passed a fond look over. No couch, no kitchen, his bedroom all at odds.
Max, come on. Im not fucking kidding.
Max slammed forward. Hed found he could move things a bit if he really concentrated, so he rattled the door at her, flicking the lock in, out, in out, thinking: not dead, not yet, no. Thinking: Try to get in now. Try to get me out. Try to make me leave. You cant. I wont. I live here.
I dont.
Depression hit him like a lorry and Max sank down again, found himself in the sink, wet hot breaking over bits of him. Felt like getting fired, this. Like lying in bed and trying to get up and not moving. Felt fucking miserable, was what it felt like.
Outside, Charlie sighed. She tried the door and it actually came open a bithed forgotten to lock it back. Max shoved the door shut, wrenched the little inside lock-bar into place again.
Shed come in here, shed clean. Shed clean him up. Shed take a crowbar to the tiles. Once she started, she bloody well wouldnt stop. Shed scrub him right out of the damn carpet and tear up the floor there, too. Make them replace the ceiling of the bloke below if thats what it took, but shed make him go.
No.
He wouldnt be erased. Wouldnt let her kill himhe wasnt fucking done yet. Hadnt had a chance for anything. Spent his time digging holes and getting drunk and, all right, it wasnt the best use for a body, but it was his use. Hed done a good job.
Is this about the couch? she tried.
Hed fucked up.
Was all hed ever been, a fuckup. Hed come here in the first place because of it. Needed a whole new continent to start over hed made such a hash of it. Hed even fucked up dying. Couldnt even do that right. Where were his lights? Where were the pretty, shiny, lovely things that were supposed to take him to the next life?
Probably off in a pub, laughing at him. Laughing at the idiot, cuts himself shaving, ends up bleeding his life out into the floor with a swollen up brain or whatever the fuck actually killed him. Because who did that, yeah? Who in the history of the world had ever died from a spectacularly mundane fuckup like his?
Look, Max. Knock off the poltergeist routine. Im not sorry. The thing was awful. It had stains on its stains. I had to wear hazmat gloves. I think something might have been living in it.
Living.
Max strangled the pipes in the walls, pounding them from one side to the other until the floor shook and the metal burned holes right through him in fucking agony, but he just put his mist back in order and kept on because it was something.
Living.
What the fuck is that? Knock it off! Jesus, I do not want the fucking landlord back here, asking me how I managed to do whatever the fuck it is youre doing. Max? Max!
No.
Max pressed his whole not-body into it, searing hurt through every fragment and tendril. Hed be loud forever. Hed be here forever. She couldnt erase him. She couldnt just make him go when hed had a whole fucking life ahead of him and now just this, just burning himself over and over again on the pipes in the wall, but if that was all he had then shit, hed do a fucking fantastic job of it.
The handle on the door jittered. He pushed back against that, too. This was his place now. His stain. Shed kicked him out of the bedroom, put her pretty yellow bed right over his spot and told him to get the hell away. Shed spilled salt in the stain and called it an accident, but it kept him away and she wasnt sorry.
The two feet under the slot in the door padded off with an irritated rush of mumbling.
She wasnt sorry. No one was sorry. No one gave him a passing thought. Hed just flickered out, just stopped and he could have been brilliant, could have been anything. But in the end, his whole life just came down to a flat full of shit and how much of a discount itd take for someone else to deal with it.
Max closed his eyes and sank into the dark.
Then, the whole door came off. 
He startled, tried to grab it back, but Charlie tossed it down on the floor and pointed the screwdriver at him like a gun.
Get out.
He looked at her. Beautiful girl, gone gray around the edges. Her mouth looked like someoned stapled it together.
You hate me? he asked.
The screwdriver lowered. I have to pee, Max. And youre haunting the toilet.
Slowly, Max glanced around. Pretty sure hed turned the light on at some point. He could feel the bulb pressing warm against his midsection, wherever his midsection had ended up. But no light came out past him. The whole bathroom swam with dark, just one big ocean of unhappy shadows.
Yeah, he agreed.
Charlie seemed awfully gray for such a pretty girl, he thought. Piece of work like her, she should have been all bright colors and flirting. Not with him, of course. Pretty things like her never gave him a second glance. But she should have been a whirlwind of life and love and everything that made existing worth existing for.
Maybe shed fucked up somewhere, too.
Is this about the couch? she asked again. Because you can pick out the next couch, if you want. I dont care what it looks like. I just needed that plague sponge out of here.
Exhausted, Max sank down onto the floor. A flicker of light peeked out where he unwound from the light fixture a little. Then, the bulb smoked a smidge and pop, dark again.
Charlie surprised him. She sat down too, cross-legged in front of the door and she still had that way of looking at him, but he thought maybe she did see him.
I like your shelves. Im keeping them.
Max wanted hell, he wanted so much he didnt know what he wanted anymore. Just not this.
Charlie looked like she wanted to touch him. Leaned forward a little like she might even try.
Dont, he said. Charlie.
But he didnt know didnt know how to even begin. So he stopped. And they just sat there, awkward, the two of them existing together in the same space for a while before someone knocked on the front door. Charlie growled and grumbled, but went to go open it. Probably grateful to be away from him. Max stayed where he was, listening to Charlie be antisocial in the hall.
Okay, I guess, he heard her say, heard the door squeak open, and hed always meant to fix that, so it figured he never had. But Ive had the place for a couple months now. Most of his shits gone.
Thats okay. I just needed I dont know. Some way to say goodbye, I guess.
Shit, that voice. Max flew out of the bathroom like a fish on a hook, smack into Charlies back. She jerked when his not-body hit hers, but her eyes stayed fixed ahead, watching the girl shed let in.
A pretty little blond with pretty little else wandered around the flat with big wet blue eyes and Max felt something as close to terror as hed ever managed in his whole time on this earth or floating just about it.
Why did you let her in? he hissed. Dont let her touch anything!
Charlie ignored him. Are you looking for something? Ive still got a couple boxes of his shit. Mostly just silverware and tacky jewelry.
And his pretty little ex-girlfriend smiled, looking like a perfect widow. Hed been so enchanted with her once, wondering what the hell it was shed seen in him until he realized shed not seen much of anything.
Thats very kind of you. Id hate to be a bother; Im not actually looking for anything. But itd be really nice to see his things.
Charlie, please, he tried again, felt like falling through the cracks when his ex turned to look and looked through him. I know youre peeved about the toilet, but get her out of here.
And Max knew better than to touch Charlie. Shed put a whole variety of metal objects through him when he forgot her distaste for contact. But all of a sudden, he couldnt not touch her. If he let go, hed go. Hed be gone.
Because May was here. Here. And if May was here, looking for things to remember him by, then he really had died and gone. If she walked on his carpets, looking around at things that werent his anymore, pawing through the cardboard boxes of all his worldly remains for some trinket of his to keep or sell, then fuck, it wouldnt get better.
Well, of course it wouldnt get better. Hed died. Max knew hed died. Hed sat on the bed next to himself, listening to the answer phone tell him hed wasted his life and he knew that, he did. But May
Jesus, Charlie. Come on, he begged and he had her arm and he knew better, he did, but he had to have something. Please, dont let her take bits of meIve hardly got any left.
And Charlie still didnt look at him, but something changed in her face. He couldnt have said what, except that hed known her for a while now and had long memorized the multiple threat levels of her frustration. Her mouth didnt look so tight, in any case. She still looked about as gray as a living person could get, but she put a hand back and brushed the outline of his arm.
It could have been a threat. Charlie was good at grabbing him by the mistsomething about her being so fucking crazy all the damn timebut he felt better. Because shed touched him. Shed reached out a hand and it hadnt gone through him. He existed.
Charlie walked into the kitchen and he followed.
What the hell, Max? she hissed once out of Mays earshot, crouching down to dig through the under-cupboards.
Out in the living room, May crouched down to peer through a vent in the wall.
Thats my ex.
So I gathered.
Whats she doing here?
Am I psychic? She said she misses you, Charlie snapped, with her head under the counter. Maybe she does. God only knows why. If she wants you that badly, she can have you.
He grabbed her arm without meaning to, just needing her in a way he didnt have words for, and Charlie must have understood. She stopped digging, sat back on her heels and looked at him. Maxs fingers slipped away.
He didnt know what to say, so he told her the truth. I dont want to disappear. Im not ready.
For the size of a second, Charlie looked at him like hed seen her look at a broken down dog out the window once. Like her cold gray rock of a heart might actually have been breaking. But then, with her usual perfect timing, May walked into the kitchen.
Im sorry, I didnt mean to interrupt any oh, she trailed off, looking around with wide doe eyes. Were you talking to someone? I thought I heard a guy.
Picking up the cardboard box, Charlie got up from the floor and plopped it down on the table. Just me grumbling at the pipes. Theyre leaking again. Anyway, here. This is all hes got left.
Max could have hugged her. Would have, really, had he been assured it wouldnt earn him a fork to the ribs. He grinned so hard he lost his shape, expanding into mist.
Thank you, darlin, he whispered, congealing to the left of her ear.
Charlie ignored him. As hed known she would. But right there on the table, was the cardboard box. Full of his shit, yeah, but shit hed gotten at thrift shops and picked up on the sides of roads. Cutlery. Plastic cups. An old chain with an ironic four-leaf clover. Ridiculous quarter-toys from those gumball machines. A crumpled old shirt from a band hed never been to see. A pretty decent ball of rubber bands.
Nothing important. Not the things hed built. Not the music hed left or the pictures hed taken, none of the pretty bits and bobs hed collected that hadnt been important enough to ship back home. Of all the things hed left behind, Charlie offered May a card-board box of junk.
Tracing the dark lines of permanent marker where Charlied written Maxs Shit on the side, May almost smiled.
Were you and Max I mean, did you know him?
Before he died? No, she said, caught the slip a second too late and grimaced.
But May just smiled. I guess you would kind of get to know a person, sorting through their stuff, she said and then, looking up. His parents didnt want it? I mean, I saw you still had his TV and all, thats why I ask.
Charlie shrugged. Probably costs too much to ship.
Yeah, she murmured.
May turned her attention back to the box, slender fingers picking through the mess. He couldnt read her face, but then he never could figure her out. The things she wanted, the things hed done wrongall mysteries.
This is it? she asked finally.
Max had forgotten just how sharp Charlies voodoo stare could be. Thought you said you werent looking for anything.
Oh, no. Im not. Its just this is him. All thats left, I mean. Max was always so full of life, and now hes a cardboard box.
Max snorted. I am not a bloody cardboard box.
Charlie glanced at him, and the look said shut up. May didnt notice a damn thing. She looked where Charlie looked, and her eyes went straight through him.
Do you want anything? she said to May, probably just to distract her. Because honestly, its just taking up space.
May laughed, a harsh couple of barks before her hand hit her mouth and she quit like flicking a switch. He wasnt sure if she was trying not to cry or just trying to stop her face from making any more noise. With a cracked and crooked smile, she shook her head. I used to say that about Max.
Charlie glanced at himand this was a very unusual look for herbut maybe he detected just a sliver of mischief. Well, he is just the box now. And far be it for him to change his ways.
Oi, he protested, but he might have been smiling.
May reached in and took the T-shirt out of the box. Even by his standards, the thing was rank, smelling of sweat and dirt and Murphys. Max almost remembered using it to wipe up beer from the floor. Something about being very drunk and trying not to be a fuckup. May smelled it, winced and started laughing again.
Thats very him. Could I?
Charlie made a complicated gesture with her shoulder Max was pretty sure only women could do. Youre welcome to it.
May smiled.
Thank you, she said and shoved the nasty rag into her handbag. I should probably go. Ive taken up a lot of your time.
Charlie hedged no words. Yeah, she agreed, shoving the box back under the sink beside the neat, careful bottles of bleach and window cleaner.
May made it all the way to the outside hall before she turned back.
You know, I did come for something, she blurted. And its stupid. Max proposed to me, before we. And I took it badly. But he had these rings, they were his grandmothers? I dont know what I thought, coming here. I just wanted to see them again.
I knew it, he hissed, lingering at Charlies shoulder.
Charlie didnt move, just shrugged yet another of her entire dialect of shrugs, one hand waiting to push the door closed. Never saw them, sorry.
I didnt expect you would have. I just needed to spill my guts to a stranger. May smiled, that tight, perfect little smile shed caught him with in the first place. Only, looking at it now, he couldnt catch its old charm. Thanks for the shirt. And for listening.
Youre welcome, Charlie nodded. Goodbye. And then, without ceremony, she closed the door, tossed the lock back and stared at him, arms crossed. Max ignored the tiny thrill shooting through him.
She looked in all my vents, Charlie said.
Yeah. He rocked on his heels, and he was grinning like an idiot, he knew, but May hadnt seen him. Shed looked right through him, at the wall, at Charlies alien sorting methods for tea and sugar, but she hadnt seen him.
Charlie saw him. Charlie glared right at him. She made him real and solid and here.
Why did she look in all my vents?
Our vents.
Max.
Get a screwdriver.
*
Pushing the loose vent to one side, Charlie dropped the little tin Batman lunchbox on the carpet between them and sat down.
So, she said.
She had That Look. Not the angry look, which was small blessings, but the look he hadnt yet figured out.
Max sank down on the carpet opposite her, out of reach of the screwdriver, just in case.
Its my Emergency Stash. Stuff I cant have stolen.
Charlie just kept frowning down at the masked avenger with that look on her face, kind of colorless and unhappyand sure, Robins outfit wasnt the height of taste, but itd been the eighties. Not much for it.
You can open it if you like, he tried. Mostly its just papers and shit.
Charlie still didnt move. Nobody came for this?
Sure. Just now.
An ex-girlfriend.
Max shrugged. He tried to read her face, but didnt get very far. As far as readable faces went, Charlie had a visage right up there with cave rocksdark, unpleasant and very far down.
Well, who would you rather? Leland? Leland doesnt know his arse from his big toe.
She glanced up at him and then flipped up the stubborn, crusty latch on the box. All kinds of haywire papers sprang up at her, bits of loose money jutting up around part of an old, deflated football. Looking at his trinkets, Max smiled, but when he glanced up he found Charlied gone dead pale again.
He wanted to ask herask her why, maybe. Why that look? Why so sad? But he couldnt figure out how to make sense of it, how to put the words in order, and Charlie didnt say anything, so Max didnt either.
He watched as Charlie methodically took stuff out and sorted it, pulling loose bills to the side, smoothing them out and settling them back down. She stacked the paperwork all together and neatly matched the corners; pulled out a ticket from the World Cup hed been to as a boy from between two photocopies of old credit cards; and last removed his football, fortuitously signed by his absolute hero, more or less on total accident.
And then, all the way in the bottom, wadded up in an old cloth napkin, she lifted out his grandmothers rings.
Charlie didnt say anything for a long while, just turned the rings over and over in her hand. When she did look up, it was to put the rings down and climb to her feet.
These cant stay, she said, halfway to the kitchen.
What do you mean, these cant stay? It sits in the ventits not bothering you.
With an almighty crashCharlie dumping all his dented up, ugly silverware and miscellanea into the sinkshe came back carrying the box labeled Maxs Shit.
Your parents probably think its lost. Look at this thing. Youve had it since what? First grade?
Charlie sat down. Pulling a smallish, padded envelope and a marker from the box, she scribbled old rings on the envelope, dropped the bands inside and wadded up the wax paper adhesive strip cover to toss through his knee.
So, what? Max asked. Youre sending it back?
Charlie eyed him. That look, he knew. That look meant hed said something daft.
Whats this? she asked, holding up his football.
Sometimes, talking to Charlie, he got the idea he might be walking straight toward an invisible minefield. Just the same, Max grinned. That was the 1998 World Cup. Well, the balls not, thats mine. But 98, Dad got a hold of a couple of tickets somehow and
So its important.
Well, sure its important. Since when has France ever won anything?
I mean to your father.
Oh. Max found the trap like he found all of Charlies trapsstaggering head first into it. Yeah. I guess so.
She held up the envelope. And these rings?
My grandmothers. Yeah, okay, youre right. Youre a saint and Im an awful corpse for never even considering how my worldly goods might be distributed, he said. He was smiling, but Charlie didnt look up, just wrenched down the corners of her mouth a little more. He thought maybe she hadnt got it.
Hey, he tried again, but he didnt really know at all what to say. Joking, yeah? I really do think youre a saint.
She snorted. The tension broke.
A pissy saint. You want to send your she squinted at the foremost piece of plastic, very expired green card?
Nah, pitch it.
Charlie dropped it, reached for the next stack of papers. Your bank accounts still open?
I dont know.
In went the photocopies of his bank cards. His lease went sideways. The photocopy of his birth certificate the same. Then, down to the crumpled fifties and the deflated football, Charlie tossed the football in and reconsidered the closed up envelope of rings.
Max watched her sorting through the last dregs of his life, shamed and awed by the way she went to take care of his parentssingle-minded, prying up the adhesive again to put the money in with the probably very valuable rings. Like this was the only way anyone could think to do it, when five minutes ago May would have been in here and off with everything if given the chance.
Max reached out. His hand touched her arm and stayed there, solid.
Hey, leave it, he said quietly. Its just more trouble for them. Theyd never get it changed over into proper money. You keep it. Have your own emergency stash, yeah?
Charlie looked down at her arm. Max followed her gaze and abruptly, his hand slipped through her elbow. But Charlie pretended she didnt notice, just nodded and shrugged and went to get the tape.
She came back with a roll of heavy packing tape and an empty tin of mints. She folded up the money around his old green card, covering up the little picture of him smiling as pretty as hed ever been, and without a word, dropped it back into the vent.
Max stared. He watched her go from the vent to marking out the address he recited for her, like shed not done anything out of the norm.
But sheshed changed everything. Shed just just gone and put him here like he belonged. Like he existed. Charlied planted that flag down in the sand saying Max is here and left it without even a backward glance.
As if he were a given, shed folded up his life, gentler than hed ever seen anybody touch a bit of plastic, and kept it for safekeeping.
Lets start over, he blurted.
Charlie straightened, frowning. The sharpie drooped, making a dot at the end of Donegal. What?
He grinned. A little bit daft, a bigger bit hopeful, he held out a hand. Im Max.
For a long second, she stared at him like he might have grown something awful out the side of his chest, before finally she figured him for serious and reached out.
Charlie.
She smiled. Just a little. Just the barest tilt up at the corners of her mouth as she shook his hand, but her whole face changed, lit up from the inside like nobody else hed ever seen. In the face of that smile, bits of Max went misty.
Holy shit, he caught himself thinking, tendrils of him still holding her hand. Im kind of fucked.
*
Then, just like that, the tide of blokes began.
Just an off thing the first time. A guy she knew came over to the flat sometimes. They watched TV, drank beer. And when the blighter left, he kissed her goodbye.
When Max finally saw the back of that guy, hed been close to ecstatic. He figured, no more milquetoast, bespectacled, bland little blighters milling around his flat, eyeballing his shelves and the new couch which, all right, his closed credit cards couldnt pay for but he did pick out. Questioning why this and why that and doesnt seem like the usual kind of apartment. I mean, I didnt mean that, just that you live kind of like a bachelor, dont you? I dont know, it just feels like a guys apartment.
Only, it wasnt the last of them.
Max sat on the couch eyeing the latest moron milling around the flat, questioning the wall of fucking gorgeous handmade shelves hed spent weeks at, saying, A little heavy, isnt it? For the room, I mean. But you too, I guess. Howd you ever get it up those stairs? And somewhere between wanting to punch him in the throat and listening to Charlie avoid answering most all of his questions, Max decided this was Not Okay.
So when the guy sat down right the hell on top of him, he shoved an arm through his chest and spilt the whole bottle of beer down his front, watching it puddle in his lap like a piss stain with remarkable satisfaction. And even when the guy ran home with shaking hands and Charlie shouted for an hour and put a toaster through his head, well, Max felt okay.
*
The next time, Max woke up to see Charlie getting ready. She stood in front of the bathroom mirror, putting a new face on, wearing a slinky thing that a year ago hed have said hed die happy to see her without. Black and beckoning, that dress was made for puddling around the ankles of beautiful women.
And normally, Max would be only too happy to get up and make a nuisance of himself. Hed undo ties where he could find them, smudge makeup, maybe hide a very important shoe. Hed try to talk her out of it, anyway. Only, when Max heaved himself upright and swung his legs over the bed, he smashed his face raw and misty on something that wasnt there.
Charlie turned from the mirror, looking at him, all made up for whatever stranger would be showing up at the door today, and she didnt say a word. Behind the paint, her lips looked gray.
Charlie, what the hell?
Her mouth moved, but he couldnt hear her. She pointed. This time, he read her lips. Salt.
Jesus fuck, Charlie! Why the hell would you do that? We have an agreement! Unspoken, yeah, but an agreement just the same. Charlie. Charlie!
But he couldnt hear her and she couldnt hear him either. Charlie shouted in that way she hadthe one that wasnt actually shouting but still felt like getting fucked raw by sandpaperand all he could do was watch her face, thinking youre beautiful and fuck you, too.
When the bloke came, he could just see him around the bedroom door. Charlie smiled at him. She didnt look angry at all. And then she left.
*
Max beat himself bloody against the salt. And he hurthurt worse than the metal, because at least the metal only burned. Trying to get through this was like running headlong into a brick wall, over and over and over again, but he kept on doing it, because he had to to
Because he had to get to work, goddammit. Jesus God, could he get any later than this? Boss would have his fucking head, no doubt. Max swore, kicking the covers off when they tangled around his ankles and face, trying to smother him back into submission. Hauling those pipes yesterday really must have taken the piss out of him. Jesus, was he knackered. Could hardly move his legs this morning. Felt like trying to walk through cement.
With one last good kick, Max shoved his way out of whatever the hell was holding him down: duvet, sheets, pillows, maybe a woman. Whatever it was, he didnt have time for it. He staggered into the bathroom and, Mother of God, the place was a right fright. Probably he should tidy up before the mold went and took over everything, but hell, when? Hed have time to clean when he died. Maybe.
Grabbing the soap, he did a clumsy job at lathering and pulled the razor down his chin. One stripe. Two. Uneven stubble still cropped up behind the blade, duller than shit and hed just opened it the other day. Except when he pulled it down for the third time, it scrabbled over his fingers and fuck. Max jerked away, and the duller-than-shit razor tore a great bloody line down his jaw.
Fuck. Hed never catch the end of itlate because he shaved half his face off. What was he now, thirteen years old? And where the hell were his towels? He needed to find a towel. He needed to get up. Had to get himself off the floor, couldnt let it stain. Needed
Needed to find whatever the hell kept ringing.
Youre dead, Mulligan. Dead. You knew how important today was and you fucking blew it.
Consciousness in
Consciousness never quite out. 
Max stumbled toward the bed and ricocheted off the brand new brick wall someoned come and built around it. He hit the floor, mushroomed out in a cloud of mist and lay there, staring at the ceiling.
Your sorry corpse
Max staggered himself upright. His head hurt. He felt sick. Duvet-sick no, what the hell was duvet-sick? No, something about salt. A girl. He didnt have time for this shit; he had to get to work.
You hear me, Mulligan? Youre fired.
Flickering, Max resorted the jumble of his limbs, got his head on straight again. The answer-phone sat like a dark little rock on the end table, no light for messages. Only, he expected the light to be on, somehow. Max stared at it, trying to see something that wasnt there. And the longer he looked, the dizzier he got, until finally he started thinking he needed to shave again, and Max wrenched himself out of the bedroom before the whole miserable cycle could start again.
He had the warm drips down the back of his neck again. Fuck.
Fucking Charlie. Whyd she have to go and do that with the salt? What the hell did she think she was up to? Trapping him. Like he could follow her. Like he could set a foot out of this goddamn flat of his anymore.
No. Not this goddamn flat of his. Not anymore. Just like it also wasnt his goddamn beer, Max decided, sliding through the wall into the kitchen. But hed sure as hell haunt that, too. Try to trap him with salt. Hed show her.
Had to get to work. Had to look marginally presentable. Important day.
Max reached through the refrigerator door and pulled out the memory of a beerhis beer, mostly rotgut, not that awful, artsy shit Charlie bought. His stereo had gonefucking Leland, probablybut it didnt matter much. Max closed his eyes, picked a tune, and listened as the first, blistering, awful, perfect chords filled the flat.
And then he bled all over the fucking carpet.
Dead, Mulligan. Dead. You knew.
Only, it didnt help. The damp seeped into his neck, down his back, dripping constantly over his face. Everywhere hurt like an open bruise. And he drank. Drank one ghost beer after another, awash in the memory of utter, fucking abandon. Got shitfaced on air, slurred his way through three songs at the same time, tumbling against the walls and anything between them.
*
Many dozen memories of beer later, Max lay sprawled on the floor, drunk and sponging brain matter into the carpet. The surrealism of itthe sheer fucking incomprehensibility of dying at twenty-eight, killed by a goddamn fall against the sink like some kind of crippled haglent a nicely hallucinatory quality to the whole situation. Come midnight, through swimming vision, hed made a face out of the cracks in the plaster.
You knew how important today was.
She just goes and leaves me, he told the face in the ceiling. Just goes. Just like that. Just off with some wanker.
Bitch, the ceiling said.
Yeah, he agreed.
Max stayed on the floor for a long time. When the carpet got uncomfortable, he staggered into the kitchen and ended up sleeping in the refrigerator. But then, that didnt last long. The fucking chicken in there wouldnt shut up, with its fucking cluck cluck cluck all the damn time. So Max climbed back out again and ended up cradled in the sinka large, sad man in a damp, questionable bassinet.
Today would have been his twenty-ninth birthday.
*
Max woke at the sound of the front door closing. The light hurt the eyes he didnt have. Some kind of ghost hangover. A hangovers ghost. Jesus, his head hurt.
Toppling out of the sink, Max felt the back of his head flop loose where the bathroom sink had wrinkle-ripped the skin off in a flappy triangle. Like scalping the frosting off a cake, he thought, and an immediate, irrational ghost nausea had him hanging his head back over the sink, flappy bits and all.
Then, out in the front hall, Charlie said, Max.
That was it. That was all it took.
How is it my names always the first thing you say when you walk through the door? he grumbled into the bowl. For all that, I think you could at least manage a nice hello. And what the fuckd you pull that stunt with the salt for, you
Face gray, every line in her body a new threat, Charlie crossed the flat in three great strides, picked up the first thing that came to hand and swung. She hit him across the cheek with a blow the Major Leagues would be proud of, so hard the copper bottom teakettle kept on ringing even when he coalesced long enough to rip it out of her hand and fling it across the room.
Fuck you, he snarled.
Charlies face dropped so far past gray, a person could bleach clothes with it. White. Whiter than a ghost, muscles cording in her jaw with her hands clenched so hard the skin went translucent over steely knuckles.
Pull. Your shit. Together. You dead-ass fuck, she growled, perfectly severing each word.
And Max could see the flat. He could. The carpet swam in translucent red; the walls bore giant, human-shaped smear marks down them. Bits of mush and hair clotted up the remote. Her nice heels by the door had puddles in the toes. 
A bit of cheese stuck beside the light from where hed been trying to feed the ceiling.
He saw it, yeah. Only, she deserved every fucking bit of it.
Look on the bright side, Charlie-love. No one trapped you anywhere last night.
It was salt, Max. Salt. Thats what you use when you have a poltergeist haunting every fucking thing you do.
So, what, I dont even matter? It hurt. Worse than the pipes or the goddamn frying pan. You cant just throw condiments around and sally off. I live here, too!
You died here, she shouted and the words hit him like a stubbed toe. Youre gone already, so leave. Yeah, it sucks. Its not fair and its not right, but its over. Take your final bow and get off the goddamn stage!
Max laughed, not pretty. Parts of him flashed off and filled the room with shadow. Over, am I? Well, look a-fucking-round, Charlie-girl. Obviously it isnt over. Im still here, trapped in my goddamn flat and you think I want to be here? You think this shit hole is my idea of an afterlife? That Id willingly latch myself on you given half a goddamn choice?
Baring her teeth, Charlie glowered, a little rock of death in a killer black dress. Yeah, I do, because I look around, and hey! There you still are. If you didnt want to be here, you wouldnt be.
Oh, its that easy?
Its that easy. Youre that kind of guy.
Well then, get me out, Charlie. If you want me gone so bad, then you do it. I cant get out of the stain in the carpet most mornings, where exactly am I meant to look for these great shiny lights of lore?
Something broke. Max didnt know what it was, but standing there in the kitchen, glowering at each other over the half-real muck and evenly spaced canisters of sugar and flour and tea, Charlie stopped. She just stopped.
A second ago shed been ready to try and claw his eyes out, and then she wasnt. She stood there, looking at him like shed never even seen him before, and it was somehow a whole lot worse than fighting.
You coward.
Just that, and simply spoken. But somehow Charlie managed to land it like a one-two punch to the gut. For a long moment they looked at each other; Max grinding his teeth, trying to think of something cutting to say; Charlie just standing there, looking exhausted and unseeing and fucking gray, like she had any kind of right.
But before he could call up the right amount of insult and hurt, she turned and walked away, back into the bedroom, like this wasnt anything.
Like he wasnt even worth it.
Furious, Max strode after her.
You want a haunt? he demanded. Huh? What do you want, Charlie? What the hell do you want from me?
She didnt turn, just padded on into the bedroom. She swung the door shut behind her so hard it rattled on its hinges.
I dont want you, she insisted. I want be normal. I spend all day talking to a dead guy, I cant bring anybody home and I want you to go.
He stormed right through the closed door, glowering. Well, I cant. Youre a freak and youre stuck with me.
She unzipped her dress and shrugged it off. It puddled to the floor like a cheap shot. Yeah, I know.
Furious, helpless, Max boiled into a mist for lack of anything better to do. He pressed forward and stopped short. Couldnt touch her, couldnt not touch herwanted to hold her, to shake her. So, what? You lock me up? Figure if you can just shove me in a corner, you can forget all about me?
He reached out for her, just wanting to make her see him. But she wouldnt. Charlie stopped believing in him. Just like that. Just stopped believing in him and his hands went straight through her shoulders. Max tried. He tried. He shouted and put his hands through her face but Charlie clenched her teeth and her eyes stayed blank. Even her voodoo stare was better than this. If she looked straight through him, at least then hed be in the way.
But Charlie didnt see him. She stopped looking, and he disappeared as she turned around and fixed her attention on her closet.
Thats any worse than what youre doing to me? she asked.
The hell am I doing? Existing?
Youre haunting me.
Im haunting the flat. My flat. Nodo not fucking make that face, Charlie. It is my flat. I was here first and Im still here.
She glared over her shoulder, but her eyes never made their way to him. Hiding, he thought. And fucking rich calling me a coward; you go hide every damn night now and
Max, youre dead, she said and this time, he broke.
Yeah, all right. Im dead. Deceased. Rotting in a goddamn jar somewhere, fine. Does that make you feel better? Youre alive and Im not, neener-fucking-neener!
Charlie pressed her lips into a thin colorless line, still avoiding his eyes, and grabbed fresh clothes from the closet, No. Im not dealing with you right now.
You never deal with me! You just go running off with your line of faceless blokes. Each one more fucking awful than the last. Youre running scared!
Half turned, her eyes locked on his. Better them than staying here, she said, listening to you moan about your lost glory days, bleeding all over the damn place.
Yeah, well, I wasnt exactly thrilled reliving my death eight times, either. Jesus, Charlie. You should have called me, staying out all night! I was fucking worried!
Silence exploded, all at once and awfulthe kind of silence that meant hed gone and said something he didnt mean to mean. That hed fucked up big.
Charlie looked really beautiful, her dress from the night before still crumpled under her feet, eyes like she wanted to walk out that door and never stop running.
Dissolving, fleeingcoward, shed called himMax retreated.
And shed hate that, too, probably, but he couldnt see her, looking at him like that, like she really did want him to to just stop. Uncreating him in her mind, looking and seeing something worse than nothing, seeing something awful.
So he hid. A black cloud over the flat, Max hung on the ceilings, lingered in the walls and the curtains and listened. Charlies bare footsteps padded back and forth across the bedroom. Salt rattled up the vacuum hose. When it stopped, so did everything else. No telly, no talking. He and Charlie hid in opposite rooms and they neither one said a damn word.
*
Days later, when they still werent saying sorry, Charlie dropped down beside him on the couch and startled him stupid.
I grew up on a ranch, she said. Way out in the back, there was this cowboy, Ned. Eighteen-something, his horse got shot by a Comanche. Rolled over on him, crushed him.
Max looked at her. Her eyes were fixed to an old cola stain on the carpet. He wanted to touch her, but he knew better.
On his bad days, Id come out there to see him and itd be happening over and over again. No Comanche, just an arrow whizzing out of the tree line, killing the horse, getting him crushed. Blood all over the dandelions. I remember that. Red dandelions.
Charlie glanced at him sideways, half smiling. Easy as that, he forgave her everything.
I loved Ned. First time I saw it happen, I ran for help. Parents took me to a shrink instead. Ned told me not to talk about it. Explained the whole death thing to me. Parents still think Neds just an old imaginary friend.
Half sunk into the couch, Max watched herjust looking, staring at this beautiful, crazy girl hed have never met as long as he lived. And she was trying. Hell, they were both trying. But a great, gaping chasm had cracked open between them and neither one knew where the hell to find a rope.
What happened to him? he asked quietly.
Charlie shrugged. One day I saw him sitting on the fence with this other guy. Looked like a cowboy, too, but different. Different time, maybe. Anyway, they were smoking. Laughing. That was nice. Ned had a nice laugh. The words caught in her mouth and stuck sideways. Charlie swallowed and her eyes went dark. Eventually, she finished, I didnt see him again after that.
Silence clotted around them, suffocating, but Max waited. The look on her face, he thought she might be seeing red dandelions. He didnt say goodbye? he ventured finally.
She shook her head. The pattern in the couch felt like bars. He waved.
Arsehole.
No. Her head shot around and she looked at himsaw himbut whatever she saw, it didnt meet up with whatever it was she wanted to see. He was a good guy. He taught me to ridelet me ride Gunsmoke whenever I wanted. He just didnt talk much.
Max didnt know what to say to that. He opened his mouth, but what could he add?
That he didnt want to be dead? That waiting for the next thing scared the ever-living fuck out of him? That a year later, he still woke up clotted with blood, a long gone message from his boss screaming in his head and the only thing that made it stop was seeing her sleeping soundly next to where hed died a lonely, idiot fuckup?
That he spent mornings waiting for something to change and hoping it wouldnt and watching her like the creeper he would have become if he hadnt killed himself shaving, and hating every single bloke she ever brought home, just because they could touch her and he never could, not like he wanted, not really, not ever?
What could he tell her thatd mean a damn thing?
Time stretched between them in relative silence. Traffic meandered down the street outside with the occasional beep. Charlie scratched a nail down the thick stitch lines of their striped new sofa. When she got up and disappeared back into the bedroom, Max stayed where he sat. She might as well have been miles away.
*
Next couple of guys, Charlie met elsewhere and never brought home. He never saw them, but he saw her, all dressed up and fucking gorgeous, but never for him. And he hated not seeing these blokes soon to be putting their hands all over his Charlie. What if she got into trouble? What if she didnt come home?
Be wide, he told her once as she left, without thinking. And Charlie just looked back at him like hed gone crazy, but shed shut the door before he could say, Careful. Be careful.
Then, one day, she came home smiling.
Oh God, youve finally done it, have you?
Charlie barely glanced at him, hanging up her coat. Dont know what youre talking about.
Max zoomed over, getting in her way, leaning over her shoulder. No, you do, he said. Youve gone and killed somebody.
Swatting him halfheartedly, she kicked off her shoes and headed for the kitchen. I have not.
Youre smiling. Its a sign of the apocalypse. Ive seen it happen.
She shook her head, shoved the kettle under the faucet. Youve seen the apocalypse?
Yes. Im one of those ghosts. Past, present, future kind of deal. Chains and make amends, Mr. Scrooge. Jesus, Charlie. Why else you think Im haunting you? He grinned, wiggling his fingers through her kettle to make the water boil, easy as practice. So, did you eat somebody?
Charlie stopped to better fix him with the one-eyed voodoo stare and Max was delighted to have it back. Though, he had to admit, it wasnt nearly as daunting, what with her little bluebird copper-bottom teakettle chirping its head off.
Did I eat somebody how? she asked.
As in, baked in the oven, swallowed whole like the dragon we both know you are. Though, actually, if youve got other stories youd like to share
I dont.
She poured her mug of hot water and set the kettle down on a cold burner, picking through her well-organized jars of tea. Max watched her plop a bag into the water, thinking how the kitchen looked wonderful with her in it. Tile, counter, cabinetsall of it like itd been meant to look this good.
A shame, but all right. And anyway, this is different, he said, grabbing the honey before she could get to it. You never come home smiling. So?
So? She watched him with her hands on her hips, a mug of tea steaming on the counter, still smiling, sort of, an upward hitch way off in the corners. You going to give me that?
Yes. She held out a hand; he dangled it above her head. When you tell me about your day.
It sucked.
Oh, it did? So whyre you smiling?
Coming home to your charming face?
Max grabbed his missing heart. Oh, Charlie, dont tease. Still, good answer. Heres your honey.
She nodded a thank you, squeezed an unholy dollop into her tea, and set it aside to cool, strolling off to the bathroom with Max following right behind. Charlie.
Are you whining?
Is it working?
No.
Then Im not whining.
Thats good. It wasnt attractive. Im going to take a shower. Stay out here.
As if Id peek. Can I peek?
She padded back into the bedroom to snatch sweatpants off the floor. What did I just say?
You said stay out here. Max grinned, fitting his face into the curve her shoulder. I can stay out here and still peek.
Charlie stopped, gave him the voodoo look again. Max tingled.
All right, fine. I wont peek so long as you tell me why youve come home grinning like a fool for.
She shook her head. You wont peek because otherwise Id scalp you, she said, but he could see her smilingreally smilingright before she ducked into the bathroom and locked the door.
I will never stop asking, he called, settling down in his place against the door so he could hear her. I will follow you to the end of your days. An eighty-one year old crone, and Ill still be asking youremember that day you came home smiling, back at the old flat?
She punched the wall to rattle the hot water pipe, Youll do that anyway.
Yeah, but this way Ill be less repetitive.
Max, you couldnt give less of a shit about this.
Are you using the Force on me, Charlie?
No. The water rumbled up the pipes and hissed out onto the bath tile. You honestly just wont give a shit.
Try me.
All right, look. The university sprang for a stupid fountain. Our tuition at work. They finally started building it today. There you go. Thats it.
That wasnt it. Max stared at the bed, at the bedside table, at the memory of an answer phone saying, You knew how important today was.
What company?
What?
What company, Charlie? The blokes doing the fountainwhere they from?
I dont know. Panache, pan-arch, pan-something. Why?
The water pressure changed. He heard Charlie grab her razor from its well in the wall, prop her foot on the side of the bath.
Pan Bridge? he asked.
Yeah, thats it. Billy goats.
Max couldnt feel his fingers. Not that he had fingers, but he couldnt feel the space where he usually pretended to have fingers. Dirty tile pressed against his cheek, grit and dust and the itch of uneven stubble. Max blinked, scrubbed his eyes, and he was still just outside the bathroom door.
 Youre dead, Mulligan. Dead. You knew how important today was and you fucking blew it.
That could have been him.
Max stared blindly at the wall, hearing his boss snarling, knew the spit would be flecking the corners of his mouth. Knew how genial and pleasant he could be in mixed companythat is, us against them, money against skill.
That could have been him, hauling great big heavy rocks to make a fucking fountain for a school with too much damn money, rippling with sweat and muscles and a charming fucking accentand that could have been him. A close shave and that could have been him she met. That could be her in his shower after a long, fabulous night.
He could have met Charlie. Alive. He could have seen her, been seen, talked to her. Could have given her that smile, taken her out, turned into some awful, perfect two-headed monsterCharlie and Max, Max and Charliecould have had a blissfully stupid, easy, fantastic life. Could have had a happily ever-bloody-after.
Only, not now, not ever.
Hed nicked himself shaving.
*
Youre going to be good? Charlie asked, smoothing her sleeves for the fourteenth time that evening, picking off bits of lint that didnt exist and reordering the whole damn flat.
Max watched her, dizzy by the force of her flinging around.
Ill be good, he repeated, also for the fourteenth time.
She nodded, picked up the remote. Flicked the telly on. Crossed her legs. Uncrossed her legs. Scrolled through every channel they had and some they stole from the bloke next door. Crossed her legs. Snapped the telly off.
Dont fuck this up, Max.
Hes not taking me out.
Max.
Ill be good. Fifteen.
He watched her. Only, sneaky, because being watched made her nervous and she already looked halfway to a heart attack. Charlie, normally his rock in the middle of a deep, deep dank cave, vibrated worse than a motel bed, fluttering off to the kitchen to rearrange the fridge, to glare at the sink, to take out a mug, put the kettle on, take the kettle off, over and over.
Jesus, Charlie
Dont Jaysus, Charlie, me.
Have a sit, yeah?
Halfway out of the kitchen, the light framing her back, she stopped and looked at him. Breath he didnt have caught in his throat and Max didnt know who the hell was coming, but he hated the bastard more than hed ever hated anyone in his entire bloody existence.
Charlie looked like Charlie. No fancy, slinky dress. No heels, no bright paint. Just a T-shirt, old jeans, and Max couldnt begin to put a voice to the sheer injustice of this moment.
Max, I appreciate the effort
You dont.
I dont, she agreed. But look, tonight, you are not here. I dont see ghosts. I dont talk to a dead man who haunts my apartment.
Well, Charlie looked like Charlie.
Also, youre never sarcastic, you love children and old people who drive slow in traffic, you never have an unkind word to say about public employees
Max.
And you enjoy long hours waiting at the DMV, he finished. Charlie.
She eyed him. You are going to be good.
Yes, dear. Sixteen.
She bared her teeth, ready to fly into him probably, but then the doorbell rang and she went rigid. Max hated the bloke waiting outside, but he hated the gray on her mouth more.
Gently, he said, Youll do fine, love.
Charlie nodded. I know.
Thats my girl. He grinned, and he meant to say more, but then she opened the door with that enormous smile and blood started dripping down the back of his neck.
Outside, a moderately sized monster stood with a bundle of flowers and a sheepish grin, his shoulders filling the whole frame.
Mason.
Fuck.
He knew Mason. Theyd been sort of friendly acquaintances back when he hadnt been relegated to dripping nonexistent brain matter on the sofa. And other than his really awful Mason the mason joke, there wasnt a thing in the world wrong with him. A truly shining example of humanity. Put simply, Mason was fucking perfect.
Hey. He had a smile in his voice, like the one on his damn face wasnt enough, showing a whole bunch of teeth and not a one crooked or knocked out from brawling. You look gorgeous. You dont really seem like a flowers and chocolate kind of girl, but I got these for you anyway.
Half bewildered, Charlie accepted the bundle of flowers, took one look at them and laughedfucking laughedlike she did it all the time.
Origami?
Mason the mason shrugged his freakishly huge shoulders, still fucking grinning. Seemed more your style.
She grinned and had to practically break her neck to find his head to talk at. Theyre awesome. Come on in. I want to put these in a cup or something.
Sure. All right.
As he walked inside, Max elbowed a bit up off the couch to watch, expecting Charlie to shoot him a warning glance on her way to the kitchen, but she didnt even look. She just kept on smiling, holding a bunch of paper flowers and all right, yeah, it was a clever gift for a girl like her, but but
Oh wow, Mason said, catching sight of his shelves and his telly and his tables and his carpet and his fucking flat. I thought I recognized the number coming up here.
Yeah? she called from the kitchen and came out with a yellow charity-shop vase. It should have looked gaudy, but somehow everything sorted itself out pretty around Charlie. Been here before?
Mason smiled. Friend of mine used to live hereMax Mulligan. Had some kind of accident, though. He leave all this behind?
Left a lot of it behind. Ive been shipping stuff back to his parents when I can. She plunked the fat yellow vase full of fat yellow flowers down on the coffee table. It looked adorable. Immediately, Max hated it. There. Ready to go?
Eyes like a damn dog, Mason looked at her. Full adoration, no doubt about it. Youre fantastic.
She grinned. I am.
He laughed and she laughed and they babbled inanities together, walking out the door arm in arm, already bubbling up into Charlie and Mason, and Max just sat on the couch like hed been told to, bleeding into the fabric, watching them go.
The door closed. The deadbolt flipped. Footsteps padded down the hallway, out of earshot. A TV chattered on in the upstairs apartment, faint and angry. Someone sang down in the street. Maybe Mason. Maybe hed made up a song for her. Charlie the Artist. Mason the Mason. The two-headed monster of fucking romance.
Max sat on the couch.
Mason didnt have a thing in the world wrong with him. Not a plague or a birthmark or a bad attitude. Any girl would want him. He was big, but not dangerous. He could make anybody laugh, liked mild-mannered adventures, two beers after work.
Hed be great for her. Theyd get married. Shed get knocked up with two point five real live babies and then thatd be it. Theyd move.
Shed move.
Charlie was the only thing in the world that made him feel real anymore and shed move.
Like hell he wouldnt follow.
Max shoved up off the couch and walked out. Just walked out into the hallway like any other evening, off to the pub, maybe, or off to a concert. Something fun, something important. Three feet down the hallway and the sick of it hit him like a wave. He felt bits of himself breaking into static until he couldnt. Couldnt feel anything. Unanchored, a bubble of fear kind of swelling up all over, Max floated.
Coward, shed called him.
He kept going. He needed to leave. Needed to get out and see the world again. Needed to be able to make sure Charlie was okay if he had to, but he couldnt right now, being a damn coward hidden away from the world and the girl.
Max walked. He wrenched himself away from his flat and down the stairs, going farther and farther until even he couldnt see himself, making his way through the halls as some kind of floating consciousness. But, what the hell, yeah? He never felt especially visible alive, so whatd changed?
It took some time. More than that night. More like a string of nights, over and over and during the day when Charlie went out, he went out after her. Barely a fragment in the window, some days he followed and some days he wandered, going further and further out like a roll of toilet paper tossed down the stairs. Either way, he didnt give up. It took him a month to get good at it, but eventually, he could go wherever the hell he wanted.
And he wanted to go with Charlie.
*
Max trailed behind them as they headed down to Murphys, hand in hand and laughing like the monster hed pretty much figured theyd become. Talking about shit that didnt matter and enjoying itstories about work, about people theyd seen and people they knew. One time, a story about him, but Charlie just laughed like she hadnt heard it from his side already and flashed her ID to get into the bar.
Max made a face at the bouncer as he passed, thought about kneeing him in the nads. Bloke had given him a fair bit of trouble over the years, after all, but he didnt want to touch him and find out he couldnt, so Max just followed.
Smell of beer hit him, twined up like an orgy in sawdust and peanuts and something fried and delicious that theyd not sold the year and a half before. Lights lit the low stage, giving off the smell of hot dust. He didnt know the band playing but they felt good, low rhythm and steady beat and a woman with a great deep voice.
He followed Charlie, tracing the muscles cording in her arms as she leaned over the bar to order, tendrils of hair falling out of its tie to kiss the back of her neck. He counted the freckles on her knuckles, awash in the bland, clean smell of her cheap-arse shampoo.
Max touched her.
He didnt mean to, but he couldnt help it. He brushed a hand against her upper arm and watched the hairs on the back of her neck stand straight up. Blindly, she reached out for Mason. Static arced between her fingers and the peppering of blond hair on his arms. He laughed, rubbed the spot, pulled her close.
Charlie leaned in, but didnt smile, scanning the space where he hung and looking right through him. Max sank into the bar, feeling the backbeat through the wood.
Toilet paper, he thought. Stuck to her shoe.
*
When they left, Max followed, down the darkened streets, the conversation as inscrutable as their linked arms. Mostly, he drifted, feeling bits of him still in the bar and bits of him in the street the way theyd come. Halfheartedly, he started gathering up bits of his sad, one-ply self, just as a real can of piss rounded the corner. Wild eyed and raggedy, the bloke thrust out an outstretched hand mottled with filth, the other jammed deep in the pocket of his battered jacket.
Dont say nothing, he barked. Just hand over your money.
Next to him, Charlie froze and glowered, her face a hateful rigor.
Like hell, you fuck, she growled, pulled a knife out of her pocket and flipped the blade open. Figured his Charlied have a switchblade, and it also figured itd be as long as her forearm, but the black-eyed man across from her just snarled and whipped out a gun.
I said gimme your damn money!
Quickly as the giant freak could move, Mason pushed Charlie back and behind him, holding up a hand.
Hey, now, buddy. Easy he started, but Max couldnt hear him.
All his parts slamming together like a train wreck, Max flew, spanning the distance between Charlie and the gun in a half second to bash the fuckers face in. He didnt think about it. Didnt have to think about it. Over and over, he just pounded him into the ground, fists slamming through his skin and into whatever sat behind, piloting this sorry sack of shite.
Jerking with the blows like some kind of ineffective, epileptic thief, the weasel bastard dropped the gun, hit the ground hard on his knees. Max followed, wrenching him upright to slam against the wall again. He barely even had a shape anymore, just a mass of rage and remembered motionsknee to the gut, punch to the skull, hadnt had a row like this in ages and like fuck hed let the bastard go. Not after pointing a gun toward his Charlie. Fucking no one pointed anything at his Charlie.
Choking and whining, the bastard mewled a whole circus of sounds: please, fuck, help somebody, I dont, sorry, cant going on and on without making any kind of sense in between Max trying to have his teeth out. And then somewhere between begging God for his life and actually losing it, the shit bag must have realized the stakes. His eyes went wide, and for a second, he believed. Not much, not for very long, but enough to see Max.
Teeth bared, growling obscenities, he tried to land a dirty punch. His arm went straight through. It did wonders for Maxs mood.
Gonna kill you, the scumbag shouted. Gonna rip your goddamn faggot head off!
Fuck you, Max growled, reached all the way down into the blighters throat, and wrenched him out.
Wide-eyed and gawping, the man stared at him. His mouth opened and closed like a fish. He scrabbled back toward the sack of flesh hed just been pulled from, crawling and clawing and trying to get back in, but Max kicked him solid in the gut, knocking him away and into the street, into mist, as his corpse slumped empty onto the pavement.
You wanna fuck with my girl? he bellowed after him, watching him disappear, watching him just leave, skipping off into the after when Max bloody couldnt. Come on, you wanker! Come on and fucking try it!
Behind him, he heard Mason pulling Charlie away, hissing, Fucking tweakers. Come on. Lets just get out of here before he gets up.
And then Charlie, with her voice dark, Hes not getting up.
Max turned. Mason held Charlie around the shoulders, putting himself between her and the body. But as they picked a wide, ginger circle around the body, Charlie stared Max dead in the face.
Bad dog, her eyes said. Bad dog, wouldnt stop chasing cars, looking for somebody to gnaw apart, and now that he had, now thatd he gone and pissed all over everything, was he finally fucking satisfied?
Max bared his teeth at her. Charlie looked away. Had to. Had to go back to pretending to be sweet and normal, had to fold up that knife quick and jam it back down deep in her pocket with tension singing in her shoulders, rage in her frame.
Bad puppy, he thought. Bad, bad, disgusting puppy, rolling in corpses.
Only then, looking down at the empty body curled up against the wall, Max stumbled into a fucking brilliant idea.
*
It was easier than nicking coats at a party. Hed done that once or twice as a kid, and this was no differentclimb in, walk out.
It felt dirty, disgusting as hell, but Max reached in and sank into the body on the ground anyway, filling out the abandoned flesh. Took longer than the coats to get all his limbs accounted for, but once he had a good grip on the arms and legs, Max stole one long, last look at the city through his old eyes and shoved his head down.
Panic closed overhead, snubbing out the light and Max scrabbled backward, through the dark and moist, trapped in the cavern of flesh trying to climb up and outcant breathe cant breathe cantand then the body sucked in a great heaving breath, his eyes came open and Max looked around at the world like a brand-new baby.
His teeth felt weird. They were all different shapes, missing in different places. More or less, his body felt just the samemealy and strange but holy shit, he was alive. He was fucking alive.
Max jolted up from the ground cheering and promptly stumbled over, heaving the contents of his stomach into the street.
Fucking drunk, someone muttered, and a group of teens in fur-collars gave him a wide berth walk around.
Max grinned into the gutter, wiped his mug on the back of his sleeve and grinned.
It took him a bit to get his new body under control and standing upright. But once hed managed to work out the whole balance thing againand there was some trouble there, the body off its face on something strange and very illegalhe went rifling through his new pockets and came up with wads of cash. Probably stolen, but fuck that.
Tonight, hed eat.
*
Walking into the first fast-joint he found, Max bought a half dozen of whatever meat they felt like putting between two buns and plopped down on the edge of the cracked pavement outside to eat it. Just the squish of the bun under its waxy paper and Max felt like a kid again, a woman in his hands for the first time and just thatbliss. He rinsed his mouth with a swig of cola. prickling ice cold little needles down his gums, and spat into the gutter.
And sitting on the pavement in the dark, Max ate.
He pulled buns apart just to feel the fluffy, half-crushed cheap white bread. Crunched sesame seeds between his new front teeth for the joy of it. Flaked apart salty, crap meat and pressed it flat against the roof of his mouth, sucking out the juices with pornographic abandon. Sour, crunchy pickles squeaked against his teeth, laced with mustard and fatty mayonnaise, and Max went through three burgers before he could slow down enough to chug down his cola, carbonation a clean fire that felt like coming back to life.
Wads of undercooked fries squished between his fingers, squelched between his teeth, hot grease flaying his gums with salt and wonderful, beautiful fat. Ketchup flecked his stubble, salt and grit under his nails. The body felt alien, but the grit felt like home.
When he put the last burger to rest and buried the wad of waxy, greased paper in a reeking, overflowing rubbish bin, Max felt like a new man. He pointed himself toward home and walked to the nearest petrol station. There, he bought one of those bloody stupid razors with the lather built right in. Washed his face and shaved in the gas station loo. He nicked a red line in that tricky spot by the ear, trying to navigate a whole new face, but he survived.
Max walked out of that gas station, hit the one the next block down and bought a box of Twinkies. Theyd never tasted like much to him alivegritty cream and dry cakebut now when the cake sucked the moisture from his mouth, coated his tongue with sugar and preservatives, it took his damn breath away.
Abandoning the box in the open side of an old skip, Max walked down a few blocks around the corner for the nearest ice cream place. Grinning like a puppy dog at the red-striped woman behind the counter, he got a banana split.
It felt like eating the Sistine Chapel. Strawberry syrup like sweet, perfect plastic. Lukewarm melted chocolate, banana thick with sugar, ice cream that tasted like cold air. Max wolfed it down, sucking air through his nose, smelling everything, touching everything. Sticky up to the wrists, arm hair matted with sugar residueuncomfortable and full and alive.
Max sucked the last of the chocolate sauce from the spoon, tossed the plastic away as he walked out the door, and followed his nose to the street vendor two blocks down hawking hot, greasy slabs of pizza.
This time, it took him a minute to turn out his pockets for the bastard corpses last fiver. But when he had all his change collected and tallied, he bought the whole half pizza the vendor had left. Cheese, salted and tangy with a spice that bit back, delicious crispy pepperoni.
Max just finished the crust off his last slice as he climbed the fire escape up the side of his flat. Wiping the grease off on his coat, he crouched down to peer through the window. The living room sat in the kind of half dark that came from street lights, but he could see a light on in the kitchen, yellow spilling out onto the hall carpet and twining up into the light from the bathroom. Cautiously, he tapped on the glass.
Charlie emerged from the bathroom and squinted at the door, half glowering. Max grinned, tapped on the glass again, delighted to see her, to be solid and visible and undeniably exist. But when she turned, looked at the window and found him there, her face went to Voodoo Charlie in a flat second.
Is Mason still here? he asked when she threw open the window. His voice sounded strange coming out of this blokes mouth, deeper and slurred, like his tongue couldnt manage to form a proper word. I feel filthy.
Charlie backed away, breathing like she had to concentrate really hard on not stopping. Max frowned and he climbed in, easing the window shut behind him.
 Do I smell that bad?
You stole a body, she said, her lips frightfully gray.
Yeah, well. He was a jackass. And!and so would you be if Id not popped along. He rocked on his heels, balance drifting. Dead, I mean.
Max.
Charlie.
She kept on staring at him, worse than toilet tissue, worse than a stray dog, worse than worse, and a really awful feeling started creeping through Maxs belly that had nothing to do with all hed eaten.
You stole a body, she said. I mean, thank you, for biting the bullet for me and all, but Jesus Christ.
Max tried a grin for her. No, look, its all right, he started, reaching to put a hand out on her shoulder like hed done pretty much every time they talked for the last year. But Charlie jerked back, hard and violent, shaking her head.
Max, this is not all right.
Max stared at her with the darkened couch between them, feeling for the first time like a stranger in his own flat.
Well, what the hell would you rather, darling? he snapped. Should I have let him have a go at you? Did you want to be shot or raped or robbed? Did you?
Mason
Masons a useless fuck, Charlie. He didnt save you and hes not here now. So what do you want from me?
Goddammit, Max. I didnt need saving. I had my fucking knife.
You may have had your fucking knife, but he had his fucking gun. Knives and gunfights, Charlie. Youd have gotten killed.
Id manage. And thisthis is not about me. I did not evict a man from his own damn body and then go puppeting his corpse all over town. Shit, Max, where did you go? Youre covered in ketchup and that had better be chocolate. I dont even know what to begin to do with you.
Well, maybe thats the thing, yeah? Maybe you dont need to do a damn thing with me. How about you take the passenger seat once in a while? Let someone move through this world without you telling em where to go.
Charlie went cold and very still. The streetlights outside hit her face and she looked bad. Gray. Worse than she had with a gun pointed between her eyes because those eyes were fixed on him, her hands clenched into stones. What exactly are you implying?
But Max couldnt back down. Hed climbed the whole mountain and here he was looking over the edge. Nothing to do but take the fucking jump.
Wheres Mason? he asked. I bet he wanted to stay with you, just so youd sleep easier. Hes that kind of guy.
He is that kind of guy, but I sent him home. I dont need a fucking babysitter.
Yes, my point exactly. Charlie, you sent him home. You told him where to go and he went.
Oh, so he should have stayed the night? Just so he could wake up with his pants digging into him sideways, smelling like beer and yesterday, because some jackass popped out and demanded my purse?
Maybe he wanted to! Max shouted. Charlie recoiled like hed hit her, jaw clenched and wary. Gentler, he went on. Maybe there are people in this godforsaken world who want to take care of you, Charlie. Maybe you dont have to sort everything out by yourself.
She ran a hand over her face, pushing the flyaway tendrils of lost hair away from her eyes and sank down onto the couch. She didnt say anything. Max sat down beside her after a while. Their shoulders nearly touching, they stared into the dark together.
Is that what youre going to do? she asked finally. Steal this guys body and sort everything out for me? He could have warrants. Hell, he could have family.
Yeah. But, if it all works out, I could we could
Steal somebodys life? She glanced up sideways and amended, He deserved what he got. Id have stabbed the bastards eyes out given a chance. See how he liked being blind in prison. But this this is wrong.
Doesnt have to be. Charlie, look. He grinned and thumped his chest. Solid.
So, what? You take the thirty, forty years hes got left and live out the life you never got to finish? Youll be lying, Max. Every fucking day will be a brand new lie. Itll always be somebody elses lifesomebody elses body.
Finders keepers. Im in it. Its me. I ate today. Hamburgers, pizzanothing memorable about it, but it was fucking fantastic. Later, I suspect I will take a dump, and that too will be fucking fantastic.
And youll still be dead, she cut in, frowning at him, and it wasnt at all like jumping, it was like the cliff crumbling away under him. Youre still a dead man, only now youre in a dead body. It doesnt change anything. Its not living; its borrowing.
Max took a deep breath and put his head in his hands, elbows propped on his knees. He rubbed unfamiliar eyes, closed against an unfamiliar headache and Charlie was right.
Whatever that fucker had been on, the body was coming down off it now whether he wanted it to or not, and it wasnt his high, and even suffering, it wouldnt be his hangover. Wouldnt be his withdrawal or his track marks. Wouldnt be his bad record that kept him unemployed. Wouldnt be his assault with a deadly weapon that got him locked up for years and years.
Charlie was right. She sat there, face like heartbreak, looking at him and seeing her mugger but still looking for him, and it wasnt fair or okay or even good enough, but Charlie was right. 
Fine, he said and heaved his corpse up, off the couch. What do we do?
*
Max hated the water. But with Charlie sitting on the edge of the pier, the moon on her face, her eyes on him, he felt better. As better as drowning could feel anyway.
He waded out into the river, stony bed crumbling under his heels. A boat went past. The water shoved at his shoulders, took his balance and dropped him under. Max swore around a mouthful of water. Hed had gentler bar fights than this and he wanted back out, he wanted to go to bed in a warm body, with Charlie up against his side, but he knew better.
And that was a hell of a thing. Sometime between dying and stealing a new body, hed bloody well grown up and Max didnt like it at all.
Morals. Responsibilities. Hed never liked them well in life either, but just look here. Now they had him wading into the damn filthy river, off to die a second time, and wasnt that just the truth of it?
The water closed overhead, the bay floor dropping out underneath of him. Panic seared him raw, his borrowed lungs burning for air, knowing better than to breathe, but breathing anyway. Maxs chest started filling with water, swelling up, heaving in buckets of river, which actually
Felt okay. Lightheaded and strange and he still couldnt breathe, but he felt cool on the inside. Like hot summers with lovely blue pools, beautiful girls in tiny string bikinis sunbathing in the sorry, waterlogged mess of his body.
Max left the body there and waded out. He stood next to Charlie on the pier, watching the abandoned corpse sink. Max felt sickno, felt cheated. And that was worse. Charlie glanced his way and held out a hand, her face so carefully neutral it looked like it might shatter at any second. He took it anyway. His fingers passed right through her skin, but she didnt flinch and that was enough.
The body got caught on a wave from a passing boat, blue face hitting the surface for a second, catching the moon.
They stood there, holding hands. Watching the water.
I just wanted to be real for you, Max said. Here, you know? I hate being a damn shadow.
I like shadows. Charlie smiled and his heart broke. Very unobtrusive, shadows.
I dont want to be unobtrusive. I was never unobtrusive. I was a right brawler, me.
And youd still be engaged to that slut muffin after your memaws rings.
What? Oh no. Naw. She dumped me.
Charlie looked sideways at him, one eyebrow raised. You said ex, I thought you meant ex because you died. Whyd she come back to peek in all my vents?
Max shrugged. I bought her a ring. Thought itd mean more than one I had just lying about, yeah? Well, she said it showed a lack of commitment on my part and that until I knew if I wanted to be married, shed be fucking about with other blokes.
Charlie kept watching him, even as always, and she still had her fingers twined as best they could manage in his.
Did you want to be married? she asked.
With her eyes on him, Max didnt feel like a shadow. He felt lost, cold and naked, but visible. Here.
He squeezed her hand, watching the corpse kiss the tide. No.
They stood. When the corpse stopped coming up, when the last little bubbles flecking the corners of his lips popped and he sank, they went back to the car. They didnt talk. After disposing of a body together, they didnt really have to. Charlie just looked at him, all hunched and pathetic in the passengers seatwithout any anchor in the world save Charlie, and losing her too, probably.
They didnt go home. They drove.
For miles through night time city traffic, Charlie drove. With the clubs sneezing people onto the pavements in drunken wobbly clots, the Strip still mostly open anywhere that fried food or sold beer, bad music and teeth rattling beats pounding up from the other cars picking through cockeyed pedestrians right beside them, cheek against the glass watching the kind of people nobody ever saw out in the day, freaks arm in arm with snow cones and black smiles.
Max watched, not feeling much of anything. Just tired, waterlogged. Feeling the river.
And still, Charlie drove. She drove all through the city, through the nice bits hed never had a reason to see, with half million dollar houses thatd have gone for a fiver back home; drove through a park and up half a mountain. And when she ran out of places to drive, she stopped up on a scenic overlook.
Max looked over the city for a half second, and then back to the car park around them, empty but for a pair of dead kids snogging. He watched them going at it, not really looking, but not really looking away either, burning up with envy and and scared.
Coward, shed called him. Holy shit, was he. Sitting here, watching a pair of kids whod died doing something really stupid, probably. Or hell, maybe that side of the cliff had just caved in on them and sent them down the hillside, still locked at the face, and he wanted that. Because he was a terrified, lonely bastard and hed done everything else by himself but he couldnt do this, too.
Max felt the world slipping sideways on him. Any minute now, hed spill out the cracks like too much jam on a sandwich, forgotten and unnoticed, like jam always was until it went and brought the ants in, but Charlie
Coward, shed called him. Hip half stuck inside the gearbox, Max spanned the distance and kissed her.
Charlie didnt move. She didnt pull away, but she didnt lean in, either. Didnt cuddle up into him or drag him by his collar into the backseat. Didnt run her fingers through his hair. Somehow, even being kissed, she managed not to touch him at all.
Just looked at him, all sad eyes and pity and there wasnt a damn thing she could have said would have hurt him more than that look.
Quietly, Max.
He sank back into the passenger seat and scowled out the windscreen at the city.
Fuck it. I know.
*
Things certainly didnt go uphill after that. Any little thing had them fighting fit to bring the ceiling down. A bad night? A funny look? They argued. Mason coming around? They argued. Mason not coming around? They argued.
Max felt trapped. Stuck. Couldnt go forwardno lights, no grand spiral staircase, not even a helpful sign saying you are here, now bugger off elsewhere. And he sure as hell couldnt go back, as Charlie was kind enough to remind him every second of the goddamn day, never mind hed gotten that body by saving her life. Gift from fate, that should have been. But then, Max decided as he trailed after Charlie, shouting his head off, fate was a right bitch.
So what, hes just going to be there now? Whenever he feels like?
I dont know.
Bollocks. Youve got the bloke by the short hairs, just like everybody else you run into.
Charlie stormed across campus, cutting sideways through a large swath of green. Im letting him do what he wants. Like you said, remember? Because I cant let anyone do anything on their own? Yeah, I decided to change that. Or isnt that okay with you?
And close on her heels, Max followed. Oh, so youre just going to change everything about you to suit this bloke?
This bloke, this bloke, she snarled, mimicking. Mason. His name is fucking Mason.
All right, then. Is fucking Mason going to be fucking you sideways over my death stain every night or what?
Your death stain. I cant even believe you!
You could at least have the decency to do it elsewhere. Especially since youre so deathly terrified Ill watch.
You did, Maxwell. You fucking did.
I bloody well did not. I was in the loo smashing my head in again, thanks very much. Not everything I do revolves around you.
You, she hissed and spun, grinding a fishtail in the mud as she turned to glower through him. You follow me everywhere. Point in caseyou followed me to class.
He stared her right back, grinning with teeth. Youre talking to air, sweetheart. Everyone thinks youve gone mad.
Her eyes narrowed. Dangerous, yes, but she didnt have anything of metal on her hereno switchblades on campusand there wasnt much she could do with a rock or stray tree branch to bother him. And anyway, Max almost wished she would. Have a good row, pitching things, fighting, clawingthe works. He wanted to feel something, anything. Wanted her to look at him and see him, not this sideways glancing, ignoring thing shed be on, fucking Mason every night for the past eternity and
And there she went, again. Charlie just turned and walked away, a muscle still going in her jaw, but otherwise perfectly ignoring him and fuck that. The time for timidity had bloody well passed.
Is he moving in, then? Max pressed, striding to keep up with her. You gave him a key, so I assume hell be there all the time. You know hes crazy for you, yeah? Soon hell be down on his bad knee, asking you to pop out his babies on your student loans and hardware-shop salary.
She kept staring straight ahead, ducking into the alley between the last two campus buildings. Shut up.
Will you name one after me? he kept on. A little Max to go with your Masons and Charlies? Or will you just settle with a Mason Junior?
Charlie glowered like a meteor headed straight for his head. What is your fucking problem?
I love you! he shouted, wanting to shake her, wanting to crawl somewhere behind her spine and live there forever. Does he?
Maybe.
Maybe?
Maybe, all right? She grabbed her bag and jerked it back steady on her shoulder, knuckles white around the strap, pointedly not looking at him as she stormed out of the alley. Does it fucking matter?
Already glaring at the light, Charlie stopped at the side of the street. Just a block away from her flat and how dare it happen to be green when she needed to cross? For that matter, how dare it fucking exist? Max hated that look. Detested it irrationally with every fiber he didnt have in his being.
Yeah, it matters, he snarled, coming up beside her. You gave this bloke a key to our flat. He can just waltz into your life any damn time he wants and you dont even know what you want.
The light went red. Across the street, the little blue walking man flickered awake. Charlie strode off the pavement, head down like a bull.
I want to be normal, she snarled, and a truck flew around the corner, straight over the center line.
Charlie! he shouted.
But the thing had to be doing somewhere close to eighty on this wet, shitty city street and neither one could move fast enough. It hit Max head on and barreled right throughleft him in just the same place when it barreled past.
But Charlie hit the bonnet and flew. She arced through the air, slammed like a rag doll into the side of a parked car, and hit the cement in a pile of hurt and bad angles.
Her middle fingers deployed on enraged instinct, eyes flying open a quarter second later. The light was red, you piece of shit! Red!
She wasnt dead, Max thought blindly, rushing to her side. Not yet, anyway, propping herself up on the side of a parked car and trying to stand, spitting blood and cursing the drunken fuck and all those whod had any part in spawning him down to the deepest, slimiest corner of hell.
Charlie. Shit, Charliesit the fuck down! Wheres your phone?
My phone? She glanced around, addled. When it didnt call out her name and do a jig, she shrugged, giving it up. Hell if I know. You see that bastard?
Yeah, darling, I saw him. Sit down. Easy, now.
Glaring, she shrugged him off and pushed herself upright.
Im fine. Id be better if I got his fucking license plate, though, and then, as her very broken legs gave out and spilt her back onto the pavement. Mother of fuck.
You are not fine.
And for once in their nearly two years together, Charlie actually avoided his eyes. Itll buff out.
You keep spitting blood, Charlie, he insisted, kneeling beside her, trying to get her to look up.
Im fine.
Its coming from your lungs.
She glared at him, ready to keep fighting, even with all the bruises and breaks. But then she sighed, slumped back against the car. The light changed from red to green, but no other cars drove down the street.
Im not going to the hospital, Charlie announced, quite calm, like shed said she didnt feel like grocery shopping.
Like hell you arent. He scrabbled through her handbag, still somehow hooked on her arm, feeling panic rising like a sticky, cough-syrup tide as his fingers kept falling through the things he tried to grab. Fuck, Charlie. Fuck. Wheres your phone?
I dont have it. She shrugged. Somewhere, bones ground together. It wasnt charged this morning, so I left it.
Max jolted up standing then, scanning the apartment building, looking for lights on in the flat. He couldnt find any, but those bulbs blew out all the time and maybe Mason was trying to surprise her with something now that he had his own keysounded like himand fuck he couldnt think straight to save her life.
You think Masons in? he asked. Bet I could make him come down here.
Youre not possessing Mason.
Well, fuck, Charlie. What am I supposed to do? You want to die here?
Serene as a saint, she sighed and leaned her head back against the car. Im not dying, Max.
Something in her voice made him stop. The way she said it, probablylike there was no way in the whole universe she could be wrong.
Max sat down. A couple streets over, a horn blared. Distant voices shouted.
Charlie?
When I was five years old, I fell into the pool, she said and swallowed, staring off down the street. Beautiful day. Sky like you wouldnt believe, blue for miles. They pumped the water out of my lungs, hooked my body up to all these machines. I was dead. Still ticking, but dead.
She glanced at him and he couldnt see a whole lot in the hazy street lights, but he thought she might be crying.
I was just a little girl, Max. I was scared. When it happened, I did what I knewI followed my parents. I just wanted everything to go back to normal. So when they went up into the hospital room, and there I was, looking at myself sleeping, I just slipped back in.
Jaw taut, she shook her head. Its not like being alive. Its like hooking up a car with no battery to a generator on wheels. The cars dead, but it still runs. Just not fast or far.
Max memorized her face, hot lines of blood and desperation trickling down the back of his neck, her shoulder a warm, gauzy comfort against his own. Why didnt you say?
Because I hate it. Because I was only five years old; I shouldnt have died! Because I didnt want to be dead. I just want
To be normal?
Charlie smiled, kind of, and she was cryinglying in the road, in the dark and cryingand Max scooped her up as best he could manage. More than half mist, he held her tight to his chest and rocked as she whispered into his neck, to not be a damn shadow.
You want I should ride with you to the hospital? he asked.
Another car turned the corner. Headlights fell on them, Charlies blood glittering black on the asphalt. 
Im not going. Itll patch itself up.
Sweetheart, real girls go to the hospital.
The car squealed to a stop. He listened as a car door opened and slammed. A woman gasped, words spilling out of her mouth like the gash on Charlies leg.
Oh my God. Oh my God. Are you okay? Just stay right there. Dont move. Dont move; Im calling an ambulance. Youre gonna be okay.
Charlie sighed, closes her eyes and reached for his hand. All right. I guess.
Max smiled. He twined their fingers and together they waited, through more headlights and sirens, through shouting men in green and alternating pavement washed red, washed blue. Through needles and monitors and sobbing, grateful parents. Through baffled doctors and smuggled-in chocolate. Through TV movies with Mason and bad hospital food, he held her hand.
And one of the benefits of being dead?
Max never let go.


Crystal Lynn Hilbert lives in the forgotten backwaters of Western Pennsylvania and subsists mostly on old trade paperbacks and tea. A fan of things magical and mechanical, her stories tend towards a peculiar blend of science and spell work. These stories have appeared in such magazines as Kaleidotrope, Andromeda Spaceways Inflight Magazine, and with Apex Magazine. 

