Boom!
Alien Princess

by ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Day 169. unknown universe. unknown planet. crash site. yellow sun. baby blue sky. no clouds. warm. 83F. morning.

Dang, jumping elegantly from the heated twisted metal platform of the ancient space shuttle then daftly land on high heeled fashion boots(not easy, yall)standing, smiling. I have survived. I swing around gracefully then drop my mouth with some dripping saliva. Dang! The shuttle steams in high plumes of white smoke and bursts of pretty red sparks of flaming heat after emerging from a hot colorful wormhole as a wickedly twisted caterpillar blob of slushy melting white goo. I dont hear any alarms, belles, whistles or voices. I view my dirty fashion boots then the gooey blob of metal, exhaling really bad stinky breathe. Dang! My Tele-powers aint that awesome, darling. I cant fix the shuttle for a quick outer space trip back home to Planet Earth. Im definitely trapped here, until I find another star ship, seeing. Green ankle-high grass, pretty colorful pink, orange, red, yellow, and blue flowers, tall healthy brown tree bark with overstory yellow and orange leaves, low thick hunter green bushes for hiding wildlife along with squirrels, chipmunks, birds, and(slap my neck)insects. Dang, scratching the single stinging insect bite on my neck. I hate bugs! Then, I slap my arm from a second insect bite then toss an invisible T-shield around my body for both protection and fun, grinning and giggling.
I twist the crick out of my neck looking behind my right collar bone, narrowing my eyelashes, seeing more trees and pretty flowers. 
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Control.
A tall warehouse in the far distance. I whisper, My new home, darling! opening my eyelashes and exhaling more bad breathe. I view the sky, the soil, and the melting ship. I blink my eyelashes with wet tears. Im the alien, here,  whispering. But, Im gratefully to be the one lucky Earthling to find an alien home, on an alien planet, in an alien galaxy.
I whip my arms into the air then T-lift some survival equipment like my toothbrush and the tasty mint toothpaste into a small bag along with a hand gun, some first aid bandages, and three water bottles. The warehouse has food and supplies. Yeah! Im that good with my Tele-powers, quickly scanning the interior walls, kitchen, and bathrooms. Clean and pine-smelling bathrooms. Yeah, my nose has Tele-powers, too from thirteen-miles away. I giggle at my silly nonsense.
I T-float the small bag then gently land at my fashion boots like a princess, giggling then frown. I squat scooting up a handful of brown soil. I mash it around my ten bony fingers, being a successful farmer on Planet Earth. I exhale, pursing my pink-painted lips. The soil is fertile. The grass is green. The flowers are pretty. The sky is bright blue, without colored streams of deadly radiation. The sun is bright yellow, without nasty sun flares of heated rays. Earthlings can live, play, and reproduce here on the new planet inside the new galaxy.
I stand, feeling really sucky that I have survived the one-way outer space intergalactic trip from Planet Earth while my ship mates are dead, having fun in the afterlife, if ya believe in that kind of thing. I toss the dirt wiping my hand on my more dirty and torn jumpsuit.
Then, I hear.
He does not like you.
I neck spin left at the pretty old lady, presenting fish lips. I growl in a low animal sound. What the fudge? I sigh with shock.
She smiles, pressing nervously her manicured fingernails in coral-color down her brown jumpsuit. She boldly stomps into my personal air space wearing her bright blue eyes, a set of thick black eyebrows, and a set of curved coral lipstick on a mysterious unfamiliar face. He is a likeable person.
I scratch hair off my pretty face. Okay! Im a likeable person, too.
She giggled, smiling. Actually, you just arrived and have crash-landed your burning outer space ship on my planet. This is Planet Bonita. Good morning to you and your steaming ship!
I twist my pink-painted lips, right. Hello there! Friend or foe? My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling!
She nods, still smiling with perfect teeth. I am Rosanative. You are Starra.alien, giggling then touches my dirty black jumpsuit on my right forearm. She gently tugs me into her side, fingering a scruffy smaller starship with two wings and two afterburners on its tail. She says. My full name is Lady Rosa, noble of Planet Bonita. Two more people live with me inside my old castle in the Northern Hemisphere of the planet, Lady Ann and Lord Dirk. There young teens are orphans living with me, since birth. I am their mother, tutor, and guardian
I walk with Lady Rosa, viewing the starship. The design is really cool. I scan the inside of the old beaten ship with Telepathy. The ship looks ugly and ancient with rust stains and black marks from something deadly. I exhale with fright, no might, and a little fear. Since, I have landed on an alien planet with alien people, and alien procedures. However, it does function properly within my Tele-parameters like survival of her piloting skills on my new alien home. I sigh with engineering.
She talks rapidly into my left eardrum, walking. I must prepare you for the elaborate introduction to my adopted son, Dirk. He is very dangerous. Therefore, you are my long last cousin from the Southern Hemisphere of Bonita, nodding and separating from me.
I stand with my ten fingers wiggling around my curved waist, frowning. Do you always talk without using word contractions? Ya know like this. Im not your kin, lady, nodding with fury.
She slides the hatch open then presses a button. My side of ship opens with the hatch standing vertically.
I do not touch the cylinder-shaped ship, viewing the interior. Miles of pretty shining silver cloth holds four people and five pieces of luggage. I notice different and unique knobs and switches, a joy stick in the middle of the console for some serious whipping fun. The instruments kinda look like my farm equipment back home on Planet Earth. I sign with homesickness.
She fingers the interior of the ship like Im supposed to enter, without worry or rebellion. She exhales, frowning. The War is approaching, very soon. Dirk will attack, first then we will retaliate, second. And, I do talk, without word contractions for your annoyance. Does that please you, my dear? And, your new name is Lady Starra, too boot, nodding and smirking.
I fold my sleeves over my chest then tap my boot, presenting duck lips, saying. If this Lord Dirk person is the enemy, then I would strongly suggest that you terminate his butthole. Then, you could prevent this upcoming War, sooner.
Lord Dirk is not the only villain, here, my dear. She nods, touching the leather seat.
I hiss like snake, first then grunt like a bear, second then wiggling my fashion boots and long hair for drama. Im not here to stop a War, madam. I accidentally have crash-landed, here. I do plan to leave, here when I acquire a new starship. I am appreciative of your rescue. Look, I just need a place to stay for one night then Ill be on my way and out of your way, too, nodding and faking a smile with my problems of food, shelter, and flat pair of walking shoes.
She grinned then giggled, jabbing a manicured fingernail at my hatch. You are here to start a War. Hop inside, Lady Starra! We have an appointment with the enemy, sliding into the pilots chair when I burp, loudly.
Then, I slap my chest, rolling my eyeballs...(ugly move)and slap the sliver paint on the starship with my left hand. My right hand flips around and around in utter annoyance of this strange unfamiliar kinda friend-monitor lady. I see vivid lights then hear soft music before my eyeballs coming from my mental mind. Because, yall, Im the UFO in this storyline.
I am Starra Starbuck, five feet, one inch, weighs 95 pounds, one ounce with waist-length silver wavy hair, a triangle face, small gray pupils, a button nose, two apple cheekbones, and a cute cliff chin all wrapping in an exterior layer of golden tawny skin. I decorate with lots of golden brownish freckles on a 17-year-old body frame, being a Farm Administrator on Planet Earth, first. Then, I am drafted by United Earth Government Official Peter Martin as a silly Tele-astronaut, second. 
I stupidly travel the first Intergalactic outer space trip to a new planet within a new galaxy by using all my awesome Tele-paranormal gifts, Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance. Next, I seriously survive, alone, as an alien.
Time warped alien line #1, I am Lady Starra.
Time warped alien line #2, I am Commander Starra.
Time warped alien line #3, I am Bodyguard Starra.
Time warped alien line #4, I am Waitress Starra.
Time warped alien line #5, I am Warrior Starra.
Time warped alien line #6, I am Prisoner Starra.
Time warped alien line #7, I am Hostage Starra.
Time warped alien line #7, I am Encryptionist Starra.
Time warped alien line #8, I am Empress Starra.
Time warped alien line #9, I am Athlete Starra.
Time warped alien line #10, I am an alien
I open my eyelashes, exhaling. Well! That explains the past 169 days!
Rosa frowns. Are you alright Lady Starra?
Yeah! Lady Starras fine and dandy, now, scooting into the smooth leather seat. I strap on the webbing, when she presses several silver buttons and pulls three different green levels.
The old starship smoothly launches from the brown dirt when I finger the object. I frown. And, the lonely warehouse below holds the
She nods, flying into cold blackness of outer space. The old warehouse of new brown paint is eighteen stories tall with a front porch, three cold star ships, several nice living quarters, and an array of potted plants from my gardens.
I lean my face against the cold window, moaning. Whatever!

Planet Commerce. King Rexs castle. Tea room. cloudy. light rain. 20% precipitation. 67F. morning.
I arrive at the Royal castles docking pad in the light rain with Rosa landing the ship with expert flying skills. We quietly and quickly stroll like dancers from the heated starship into the cool air-condition hallway of purple-colors, through a beaten up gray-color rectangular door emerging into another lighted hallway of more purple-colors. Rosa hustles me into a lighted hallway to a side dressing room. She nods. Please, change into your pretty new fancy gown, quickly. We do not want to keep the King and his guests waiting, nodding then exiting the room.
I exhale, viewing the pretty pink formal gown, dressing. I giggle, pondering. Lady Rosa is very similar in character to my grandmother, whom I miss so much along with my home world, my plantation, and my family on Earth. Ive been dangerously and playfully warping around nine time lines in the same universe with the same characters and the same plot for 169 days. Dirk wants me returned and tossed into the deadly red, yellow, and blue wormhole, alive and breathing, not dead. Once returned, I will change the current time line and the current universe. Translation, yall! Dirk will be ruler, foreverly. So, my current evil plan is not to be dumped into the wormhole and then returned back to Planet Earth but staying here, alive and breathing, not dead, either. My second plan is to marry Rann, since I truly love with him, since the second time line while trying to marry him for last eight freaking toad frog times. I exhale from the tight dress or the thick waistline or failing, each and every time, not marrying Rann. Currently, this is the tenth time line. Presently, I will succeed, this time, giggling. I jerk the hem down to the flooring, dragging behind my buttholenawmy big bow then slap on the long silk gloves over my dirty arms. I whack the dull combs of a small sparkling pink gem tiara into my messy silver hair. I dont give a shoot, now! I look cute enough for both Rita and Dirk. Since, Rann isnt present, here in Rexs castle. I dont know where my love is but I will find. I sigh with beauty.
I exit the room, seeing. Guards, guards, and then Rosa, she waves, smiling in her blue ankle-length dress, gloves, and tiara, too.
The rectangular side door on my left houses two King Rexs Royal Guards banishing black and silver weapons around a utility belt. She nods, once then a Guard opens the door. I enter, second, faking a smile and eye burning rudely the pair of love birds from the past nine times. Dang! I whisper. I have lived and survived nine other times inside this galaxy, without them murdering me, either. Well, baby! This is the time line that I fix that killing issue. I sigh with vengeance.
May I introduce you to Queen Rita and Lord Dirk, Rosa warmingly smiles, greeting and nodding. She stands next to the eating-table with food. I eye the food then Rita.
Rita sits, un-welcomingly greeting with her snobby royal manners. Rosa. She views Rosa, not me. She looks the same to me. Rita: tall, sexy, blonde hair; blue pupils, manicured purple fingernails, lavender gown, lavender tiara. She is the only child of Rex, the current ruler of the universe. They live in the Royal purple-colored palace, the center of the universe in the unknown galaxy. I sigh with danger.
I mentally back flash into the eighth alien time line, when Rita died with a maser blast to her head by Dirk at the Empress Contest. In the ninth alien time line, I did not see her tiara, either.
Dirk nods, not smiling, not usual. Rosa. He is Lord of Planet Bonita, whatever that means. Nothing to me! I slide my lips, left for Dirks annoyance and my amusement. Bonita holds no other citizens, but Rosa, Dirk, Ann, and me. Dirk: horsey-like slender face, pointy nose; pointy chin, small eye sockets; disturbing green eyeballs, red hair, pale skin; He wears a chartreuse (thats yellow) tunic, matching pants, matching and flowing robes. I sigh with doom.
Dirk, Rita. Lady Starra is my cousin from the Southern Hemisphere of Bonita. She nods, sitting at the eating-table, when Rex sits scooting her into the wood.
Hey! sliding into an empty chair next to Rosa, being served by Wbot. The bot are dressed in purple sparkling bow ties or aprons. Same old universe. Same old characters. Same old bots. Different time line. I sighed with mission.
Rex: short, bald, pale skin. He is out of shape and looks funny with that purple jeweled crown on top of his fat round skull plus the flowing satin purple robes covering his stumpy statue. He shouldnt eat so much. Hes the sole ruler, deciding the fate of millions of citizens, including the noble and commoner classes on a daily basis. He grins at me, nodding. Tell me about yourself, Lady Starra.
I part my pink-painted lips, when Rosa sings in alto words, nodding and grinning. I am very pleased with Lady Starra. She was born in the south region living with another very distant cousin on a small horse farm. Lady Starra is trained
adequately, I say, screwing my eyebrows, ugly. 
to shoot, Rosa nods.
not straight, I say, twisting my lips, ugly.
to fly, Rosa nods.
not fast, I say, curling my tongue, pretty cool.
to jump, Rosa nods.
not far, I say, wiggling my ears, really cool.
to fight, Rosa nods.
.poorly, I say, shaking my curls, violently. 
And, she can ride horses. Rosa smiles at me.
I nod, grinning at Rex, Very well! I sigh with honesty.
Lady Starra is a very accomplished warrior, artist, musician, and dancer. Rosa lies, very well while smiling and nodding at me and then Rex, then Rita, and finally Dirk. So, this is how my fairy tale begins. I sigh with dishonesty.
I stand, grabbing my guts wrapping my naked arms around my entire body(cool move)pretending to throat gag. Then, I mouth spit on the floor, when Rita gags. I giggle sounding funny. Uggy! My tummy hurts. Can I use the girly pink Powder-room for a few hours
Rosa stands, frowning at me then cuddles me into her breasts. I giggle into her dress, when she views Rex. Please, excuse us for a brief few minutes
Hours, I giggle as we exit the room. She separates from me when I slam my body onto the wall. I spin around, frowning. What the fudge
Rosa grabs and drags my forearm with a little pain towards the end of the hallway. Starra
What?
What are you doing, Starra?
We hold the secret knowledge. Dirk and Rita are the enemies, instead of eating tea cookies and drinking hot toddies with them, just let me kill them
I am a practicing Tele with the powers of clairvoyance. I can see all the future events in the galaxy, but I cannot change them. You identified them a long, long time ago.
I did.
You did. You possess very good future seeing abilities
Yeah, along with other Tele-gifts, pausing, then I nod. Except, the dang time lines are, when a batch of Royal Guards dash towards us. They turn and rush into the room. I back step then spin towards the open archway, hearing.
Rex stands, saying. Planet Bio has been attacked. Ito is there as a hostage. Planet Sahara is under attacked as well along with Rann. Ira on space station Militia is being attacked, at this instant. You are my knights and knightresses in shining armor.
Rosa stands beside me, nodding at him. What do you need for us to do, Rex?
The large comlen brightly blinks into life. Screams, cries, and chaos are the horror scenes in the confusing and befuddled screen background of the comlen. Count Dov, the noble of the cold and frozen Planet Ice yells above the loud bomb explosions and pretty rays of red, yellow, and blue deadly fire discharges. Four ram shipshead your wayRex. He dodges the red light to his left then views the screen. Attackswift. Sentrygone. Citizensdead or dying. Settingself destructten secondscarrying the big silver monsterswith me
Rex drops his mouth, shaking his baldness. There must be another alternative, Dov.
Dov dodges to the right from the screen then comes back, huffing. No optiononly solution. Us or them? Sorry for failingold friend, nodding with sweat and tears of sadness.
Good bye, old friend! See you in the afterlife from today, Rex nodding and faking a smile, when the comlen fills with white and silver colored static.
Rosa hugs me, whispering for our ears, only. Planet Ice is going to be annihilated with a maser blast, millions of citizen, animal, plant, and insect life forms blown away in two seconds. There will not be any existence of life there for 10,000 years. I sigh with eternity.
Rex swing to us, saying softly. Three ram ships are approaching Commerce. I am forming an impromptu military division. You are my lead military officers.
Fast action is required. Us or them, Rex? Rosa nods, viewing Rita and Dirk. They huddle in the wall corner, whispering.
Rex nods. Rosa, you help Ira. Rita, you travel to Sahara. Starra, you go to Bio. Dirk, you go Rita steps forward, tossing her hand for attention. Father, Dirk and I go together or not at all, holding Dirks hand. They are the It couple, here.
Rex nods. So, be it! You shall go, together, viewing me. Starra, I know this is very sudden for your first time on Commerce from Bonita. But.
I got this covered, King. I fake a smile, nodding while exhaling with worry and excitement for Rann.
So, be it! Every one is assigned a freighter ship with fighting and worried warriors. You are the leader. I will assist Tok on Resort. Bartholomew is defending the Wall on his side against the three ram ships. Good luck to us! Rex advances around the table, exiting into the hallway with Rita and Dirk in tow.
I stare at the floor then the view Rex. I have personnel This is going to be interesting. Maybe, I should go alone. I look at Rosa. She shakes her curls. Ah! Rosa can read my thoughts, mentally. I need to keep my T-shield up and running on any future encounters with the deceptive Tele-mistress. I sigh with privacy.
Rosa swings around, exiting the room when I swiftly gallop out the room.

The Wall. outer space. minus 1000F.
I sit cozy inside the co-pilot seat with my legs propped onto the clean shiny leather console, comfortably. I had changed into a new gray top, skirt, tights, and thigh-high leather boots. Pbot or pilot robot ignores me, flying the freight towards Planet Sahara, before hitting the Wall. It is a machine. I am an alien. It takes orders. I give orders. I glance to the right, giggling. I wonder if the wall is written and spoken as The Wall or the Wall or the wall. I giggle with silliness. Then, I snap back my mind back into the reality of my alien world.
I cant say the same for the Captain of my warriors. Hes grunting, huffing, and puffing with loud unfamiliar animals sounds from both his nose and mouth, sitting behind my butthole in the second row of the freighter. I am in the front row like the leader. Hes extremely disappointed in his person, not leading my warriors for King Rex.
I finger the planet hanging like a green ball in outer space zooming from the world by speeding lights of pink, yellow, blue, orange, green, and other pretty colors. I giggle. Planet?
Pbot drones. You have left Commerce, Commander Starra, the home of King Rex and Queen Rita, his daughter. The Commerce freighter is approaching Planet Agri. This galaxy has nine planets consisting of Agri, Sahara, Commerce, Bio, Resort, Tech, Ice, Uni, and Bonita. There are two space stations which are named Militia. Each planet contributes to the overall galaxy as a dependent unit. No planet can function by itself, without the other worlds importing or exporting products to survive. The universe is divided into two sections by a natural barrier formation between two solar sun systems which is called, the Wall. There are two suns on each end of the section with different planet atmospheres, rotating around every twenty hours for a day and night completion.  The first galaxy contains the worlds of Commerce, Agri, Bonita, Tech, Uni, Bio, and a space station Militia. The second galaxy includes the planets of Ice, Resort, Sahara, and another space station Militia which is located on the opposite side of the natural barrier formation called the Wall. Agri is the farm planet, providing all the food and livestock for the two solar sun systems.  Bio is the medical and emergency care hospital for the universe. The world of Tech manufactures all chemical, electrical, mechanical and industrial equipment ranging from home appliances to star ships to personal robots, which can be purchased by citizens of the universe. Uni is the educational institution for the universe. Starting at four years old, all children attend and live on this planet until the age of sixteen years old, when they graduate and seek employment upon their own home worlds. Planet Bonita contains Lady Rosa, Lord Dirk, and Lady Anna
and one alien, I whisper like butterfly wings, grinning. The Wall appears blocking our flight path when Pbot automatically decreases down into a pacing speed for safety and access into the solid mass of weird space junk and rock.
The Wall, the Captain annoyingly stands and sweet breathes over my hair roots while I rest comfortably inside the leather chair.
Estimated time for opening, twenty-eight minutes. Pbot drones, pressing buttons.
I smile, fingering the tiny peek-hole with my Teleclairvoyance. There!
What is there, Commander? the Captain eye burns the Wall, leaning over my hair roots and viewing the window.
A peek hole, giggling then I finger the spot.
Where is the peek hole? the Captain almost shadows my skull with his tallness, narrowing his eyelids. He searches for peek of light.
8.13 degrees. I stare at the tiny pinpoint of light.
The assessment is too dangerous for this vessel, Commander Starra. Pbot drones, pacing the ship.  I agree, giggling. It is illogical for a talking trashcan to counterman my direct command order. As the reigning Tele it is quiet logical and safe for me and the warriors. I sigh with accomplishment.
He frowns. 8.13 degrees!? Thats a tiny spot, not a gate, Commander, very, very small, the Captain chuckles. I think ya need your eyeglasses check. A freighter cant squeeze there a pin hole, laughing with his warriors.
I giggle and grin, sitting inside my cozy chair. Dont worry! The objects to be gigantic in one, two, three and four seconds. I giggle, lightly. Tele powers are functioning at top peak today.
The peek hole explodes into bright yellow light then quickly enlarges into the shape and size of a ram ship when the Captain drops his mouth, saying softly. Look at that!
Go, please, giggling and viewing the beautiful expansion of pretty yellow light, when Pbot quickly towards the wall. I love giving orders. I sigh with duty.
The freight hits the wall opening at 300-miles-per-hour. Not bad! When I drive, I drive faster. I sigh with over confidence.
Space station Militia is missing millions of metal pieces and parts along the circular body as floating debris of hard metal and silver glittering dust particles twinkle between sun beams. Planet Ice is flat at the top polar region, showing a deflated landscape of heated yellowish-red pockets of deep peppered craters around the middle equator and the southern pole region, too. The globe glows in an eerie fashion like the sun. Planet Resort is a spectrum of rainbow colors for naked eyeballs. Using my T-powers, I see blues for oceans, greens for mountains, indigo for buildings, and reds for land. Then, a bright orange sphere hangs in the black outer space filling the viewing screen of the freighter. Sahara is the hottest of the planets, nearest the sun in the second solar system. The Prison Planet, all the convicted criminals are sentenced to work here until the end of his or her jail term or death, which ever comes, first. The universe has no death penalty for any minor or major violent or simple crimes. Sahara also produces an array of valuable stones and minerals from gold, silver, copper, platinum, alabaster, and semi-precious gems within the depths of dry orange deserts. The stones are used in every piece of hardware in the universe, making Rann a trillionaires of currs.

Planet Sahara. Ranns palace. orange sands. starry skies. Hot. Humid. 122F. evening.
I sit cozy, viewing the planet but T-viewing the interior. I order with authority. Guide us down into the orange sand by way of the dark side of the planet, Pbot. Then, please, scan and report!
Scanning? Pbot drones, when the freight drops then levels out in limitless non-air. Pbot flies into darkness, when the lights dim to brightness for the warriors.
The Captain stands and sweet breathes over my hair roots, again. He reads the output for all eardrums. The inmates and hostages are located on level three in the middle of the massive castle belonging to Rann. Rann must be there, too. Or Rann could be dead, too.
I viciously growl like an Agri bear. Someone ahs meticulously planned this attack right down to the finger food sandwiches.
The Captain exhales. You dont know that, Commander.
I grit my teeth, saying. I knowway too much stuff, Captain.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Were bigger than a passenger ship. Theres at least one or two scouting looking for us. We will be seen, the Captain growls over my hair roots.
They are not going to see us or kill us, standing and blocking his eyesight from the view screen.
and get killed, the Captain frowns.
Cut all external lights, drop shields, Pbot! I order.
Are you mad? I must be crazy for listening to you. Well be shot, the Captain huffs.
I nod. Leader leads. Cut your lights! Or Ill shoot ya, myself, Pbot! The surface air currents rise when the wind howls. The orange sand dances over the fifth, fourth, third, and second levels of the palace engulfing the windows, patios, and landing pads, beautifully. I giggle and grin.
Look at that storm, The Captain fingers and doesnt blink his eyelids, dropping his mouth.
What a monster! the nameless warrior brilliantly says.
I nod. Steady dampers, Pbot! The weather is about to get really rough inside the freight, when the ship rocks and rolls side to side then wildly back and forth from my T-powered hurricane winds. I slap a T-patch of Telemetabolics over my flip flopping stomach. If you be in trouble, then holler something, but dont freaking vomit on my new skirt, giggling while enjoying the violent thunder storm of rain, hail, lightning, and winds.
Under control! Pbot drones.
Good bot! I view the sand storm encircling patio and castle while blinding all the eyes, ears, and nose holes of my foes and my allies. Drop ship!
Here!? Pbot drones while questioning me with regards to the biological lives on board the ship.
Here! I nod.
The storm, winds, temperatures are going to kill us, the Captain annoys meway to much.
I stare at the storm. Dont worry about the storm! Its dissipating, when the winds cease. The skies swiftly clear from black into blue. Then yellow moon brightly shines upon the orange sands. The temperature reads a balmy 112 degrees Fahrenheit of heat.
Land! I order.
Here in plain view, Commander!? the Captain protests to meway too much.
Landing, Pbot drones, gently landing the big ship with a dull tap. The ramp drops with a louder thump as I back step from the chair then follow last into the hot sands I hear.
The warriors grunts, groans, and moans without my Tele ears. Whats she doing? the nameless warrior stands, holing his maser.
I walk ahead of the warriors then halt, squatting.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Then, I stand and open eyelashes, whispering and smiling. Good boy, Rann!
Digging in the sand, the Captain frowns and fingers me, shaking his skull.
I step back then draw the maser from my leg hostler. I accurately aim & fire a continuous red beam, creating a circle pattern into the solid rock under the sand. Then, I T-kick with my boot, when the sand and rock lift then soar into the heavens, being disguised by darkness from the nave warriors of my Tele-powers. I squat, seeing the secret cave. 
The Captain strolls then stands over my hair roots, again. His bad habit is starting to annoy my good intentions. He smiles. A secret cave, when the warriors dash to me. They surround the cavern nodding and grinning with low animal grunts.
I swing around, frowning while brushing sweat from my face. I finger and order. Do not touch the precious gems! I dont fear bots. But, I do not want the warriors drooling over the raw minerals, pretty semi-precious stones buried inside the walls. I see skulls nod then smile.
I pirouette then belly crawl down the rough rock into the beautiful shiny cave as the warriors follow and admire the sparkling walls. I jog towards the other secret thing then stop.
I view the silver shiny pole coming naturally down from the flooring. The pole has been attacked and sawed near the top. Im already down. I need to go up. Too much work! I moan. I sigh with duty.
We couldve shimmied up the pole like a dancing girl, except its sawed more than half-way. And, the walls are too smooth and slick, touching the wall, nodding. Were trapped, here, Commander, the Captain whines to meway too much. I smirk and priss to the wall, then T-slam my right fist into the stone using my Telekinesis without yelling from the slight dang pain. I dont see foot holds! He complains to me.way too much.
 Then, I T-smash my left fist into the solid rock, grunting. Theyre over there just hidden, Captain. Climb up, right behind me, Captain, T-kicking my right boot toe into the wall, creating a foothold then a left foot hole. I grunt like animal pulling my body up then T-slam a right hand hole then left forming hand prints into the heart of the cave.
If you say so, Commander, the Captain smiles following my butthole.
The leader leads, jumping towards a new smooth spot, drilling a smooth hand hole with my hand. My T-shield sorta protects me. I T-plow a right foot into the smooth rock creating a faked foot ledge, without the jagged edges. Im good, grunting and climbing every twenty-inches up the smooth vertical cliff. Look out below, yelling. My personally decorated art hand work is going to get really messy. Im bombarding soldiers with small bits of dust particles. Im a Tele, not an Hbot. A housekeeping robot would be nice, not possible. To much noise, this is a surprise for my enemy.

Fourth-floor.
I masterfully climb and cut with both hands and boots a series of shallow holes in the hard rock then T-jump and land gracefully onto a polished golden color floor with no enemy-guards. The warriors quickly and nosily follow. I drop and crawl, cat-like on my hands and knees around the corner, seeing. Nothing! I close my eyelashes, seeing. Nothing! I crawl into the open corridor, seeing and sensing nothing with my T-powers and natural senses. I stand, opening the door into a new hallway, observing. Nothing! I walk towards the viewing windows. An overhang falls over the third-floor, an open space of recreational equipment, armed guarded, and guarded hostages. I sigh with plan.
I finger the ceiling and then flooring. I need a couple of sharp shooters and some grapplers on the second, and fourth floors for a major rescue, viewing the Captain. What do you think?
I think you have a quick military mind and excellent strategic point, the Captain nods, viewing the ceiling and floor then me, winking.
Fine! I got a date for the weekend, if Rann approves. Good! If you didnt agree, I was getting shoot you, giggling.
He drops his mouth then closes it. Youre joking!?
I wink, giggling then fling my hand around the air. Unload, people. Were the good guys, here. Remember?
Are you a good guy? the Captain winks and flirtsway too much when I exhale, shaking my curls.
I swing around, fingering the walls. I need a scouting team, also, scanning the eight untrained and scared citizens of flower gardeners, school teachers, and shy librarians. They all are very brave souls in Rexs impromptu military. The brave souls step forward, when I nod. Scan, observe, and report back to me, immediately. If ya get your thing caught, Ill shoot you, myself, smiling, wickedly.
What did she say? the nameless warrior drops his mouth.
Understood! Yes, sir! the Captain shoves the warrior down the hallway.
The warrior says. Shes tough for a little girl. Aint she? when the Captain laughs.
I smirk, viewing their butthole. Heard that, Captain, when he turns around, winking. I gasp then swing to the girl with the mini-bot. Bot-geek!?
Me! She blinks then views me, not smiling.
Yeah, you! Sit here near the window, while I view the commotion below us. The Bot-geek stands then crosses her legs tapping on the keyboard when the tiny shadows appear on three levels. I view Rann and the hostages, saying. Can you distinguish the real prisoners of Sahara?
She shakes her wild curls. There arent any distinct marks on the screen. Rann does not allow sensors on the prisoners. They all have weapons. Some of the good guys, also. I nod, seeing the same thing both naked eyes and clothed T-sight. Rann has a dagger inside his vest from personal knowledge with a touch of T-tap of Telepathy. And, it doesnt contain any blood. Because, if Ranns hands were free, then the enemy was dead. I smirk, nodding. I sigh with humor.
The Bot-geek punches more buttons when the scout returns. She says, shaking her wild curls. The Sahara proper citizens are scattered everywhere in all different directions on level third
and, along the corridors. Some of the citizens are hurt or unhurt or dead, the nameless warrior nods.
Not good! the Captain moans to meway too much.
I snap my fingers, viewing the third level. Wait! There is a difference. Gems? Stones? Ranns people have jewelry on their clothes. All the clothes, am I correct? I neck spin to her, smiling.
She nods her bangs. Right you are, Commander, banging short unpolished fingertips on the mini-bot. Searching for gems
Search, without also, I view the ceiling then the warriors. Are the assassins ready?
Yes, sir, the Captain nod, winking.
Got something! Come and see, Commander. I super imposed heat surfaces along with cold surfaces for another plane. Im sorry it told so long. I have to figure out the encryption codes. Bot-geek nods, fingering the screen.
I smile, nodding. Very good, Major!
She frowns at me. Im only an Ensign.
I wink, smiling. Show me, Major!
She views and fingers the screen. I made the Bot-app overlay the floor plan with bright colors and tiny details. This is the food. This is the patio. This is the bathroom. There are the hostages. See the cluster of heat! I added the illumination of gems.
Interesting, some of the guards are standing along with the prisoners, like friends. I hiss like a snake.
Spies, agents, I would guess, too, the Captain nods, frowning.
I concur. I nod, observing the bot screen. Everyone is not, who they appear to be.
The Captain slaps my collar bone, smiling. The plan, Commander?
I wink at him, Shoot first, and ask questions, later, laughing with some of the warriors.
I like that plan, the nameless warriors chuckles, winking at the girl-warrior.
I view the third floor, frowning. Does anyone know the Joker, who might be leading the riot, here on Sahara against Rann?
The Captain frowns. Are you going to negotiate for peace, Commander?
I swing to him, smirking. Naw! I wanna shoot him or her between the eyes, first, winking and laughing.
You are my kind of woman, the nameless warriors winks with one eyelid then the other at me when I giggle.
Are you married, Commander?A second nameless warrior smiles at me.
Shut up, fool! the Captain frowns then shoves the warrior to the side.
The snipers are in place. The grapplers are in position. I know your heart is pumping but stay calm. Use stunners, first, on your intended target. If they shoot back, use a yellow ray. Go! the young citizens scatter into the hallways and along the walls leaving my eyesight. I T-scan the active minds of my troopers. Too young! Too old! Too eager! I speak into the comfone. Everyone in position, select a target. Fire! I watch upright enemy bodies stumble and tumble down on the flooring. Go! giving my command at little T-kick enhancing my tiny soprano voice into the comfone. I need all the weapons pointing at the prisoners and kidnappers, quickly.
Bursts of colored light erupt in the room from the both enemy and warrior maser fire. The white smoke clears. I see half the targets are eliminated along with half my warriors. Too young! Too inexperienced! Too much! I sigh with fury.
I T-smash the window glass with my hands and then jump down. I gently float then land. I stomp forward swinging my sword at the first victim of my fury. My devoted warriors follow rappelling onto the tables, the chairs, knocking their feet off the walls, and finally landing on the solid foundation. They arent trained professional Militia from Iras combat camps but farmers, teachers, nurses and dancers and merchants. I sigh with novice.
I spot Rann, dashing and dangerous, curly black hair, brown eyes, dark skin, five-eleven feet, 195 pounds, rippling bronze muscles under an open gold jeweled vest. I sigh with true love. Fresh blood drips from his mouth down along his naked chest. His arms are bound with boots apart. Rann jerks, pulls, and grunts from the six foot flesh and blonde ugly female. I sigh with purpose.
Her physical body towers over Rann, exhibiting a wiggling orange alive snake. It dangerously wraps around the leather sheath protecting her hand and arm, in case of a deadly bite from the venomous serpent. I sigh with death.
She accidental isnt going to die, but Rann purposefully will. I exhale, pursing my lips. I jog to Rann. So much, for my frontal assault! I sign with new solution.
Plan-B, the sideways attack. I jerk my dagger from the thigh-high boot and then hurl at the snake. My T-force pens the snake onto the wall while carrying her hand along for the short ride. I giggle when the female jerks free, letting dead snake drop while still Ranns throat with other big hand. Dang! Im naught for two! I sigh with disappointment.
Plan-C, the fist fight. I toss my sword, dagger, and maser to the floor then motion with a left non-fighting hand while challenging. I bend my arms into a fighting stance.
She grins with no teeth, the first caution sign to me. Then, she kicks with her back foot against the gold painted wall. The gold partitions plus flaked particles fall from the ceiling and wall, the second caution sign to me. I duck and cover like a freaking wussie from her creative structural exit point with her big heavy foot print. Im mightily impressed. The big animalnawbig girl turns and punches the weak wall with her left fist, the third caution sign to me. Im highly very much impressed, too. I stupidly think to fight her with both my skinny long arms and tiny petite hands. I sigh with dumbness.
She carries and leaps with Rann through the wall hole like a tigress protecting her pret. I ran then jump through wall opening and stop. The animalI meanwoman is running across the open landing docking pad with many starships. If she boards with Rann, he is dead, totally. Rann is half carried and half dragged, doing a great job of fighting with her. Therefore, her pace is slow. Slow enough for me! I quickly formulate new plan-D, the freaking rescue betta work for me. I sigh with victory.
I exhale the fear and freight, viewing the ceiling. The steel gold beams and wood rafters across the landing pad look stable, maybe, steady for one tiny female. No time for a trial test! I T-jump up then grab the broken ceiling beam from her mighty thrust fists, a power, without Tele talents. I sigh with respect.
The rappelling ropes dangle like wiggling snakes from my warrior attacks. I T-slide the first rope into my right hand then leap and jump to the next rope with my left hand. I hold two ropes then violently jerk the first rope from the rafters and T-glue into the ceiling (not easy, yall)then swing and glue each rope in each palm into the ceiling. I travel across the ceiling of the landing deck like an Agri spider towards the running female.
I fly over her hair roots then T-glue the right rope into the ceiling, when she stomps directly below me. I pause, giggling. Then, I gracefully T-scoop down and pull Rann with my left hand and arm into my chest. I T-kick a right boot toe into her ugly hairy distorted face. She falls hard onto the floor skidding sideways under the starship.
I T-slap the ropes around Ranns wrists, when he hugs my waist with both hands. I T-fly swirling in the air wave with Rann, giggling. I T-propel us over each ceiling bean then plop on the ceiling ledge. Ranns unharmed but dizzy. I hug him, lovingly, giggling.
Rann exhales, looking at the flooring then me. He looks a little worried, saying with a soft baritone. Who are you?
I giggle and grin with love. Your morning star, sweetheart, as the solar sun peeks its tiny sunrays into sky ceiling windows at dawns horizon.
Rann looks, so handsome with his sweat and dirt then chuckles in my face. An angel is the best description.
I pull him closer and sweet breathe into his face. Kiss me, please! I giggle, grinning. Thank you! My names Starra.
Hello, Starra. Im very pleased to meet you. Im Rann, viewing the floor, exhaling and hugging me, tightly.
Kiss me, please. I giggle, smiling. Hey, Rann!
He views me, frowning. How are you going to get down from the rafters, Starra?
Hold on! Were going to jump, I nod, bending my kneecaps and cuddling him.
Rann doesnt remove his hands, sweet breathing into my face. Hold it! We just met. I really dont want to die, now.
I giggle, winking. You want. Trust me! We jump and land, together gently on top of hard concrete. I view him, giggling. That was fun!
Rann exhales, breathing heavy. Let me catch up with my stomach, Ill tell you, pushing from me, bowing at his waist. He uprights, smiling and winking. I sigh with love.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling.
Explosions, a series of little blasts of metal ping loudly against on the floor, the walls, the ceiling, the furniture, the ships, the citizens, and me. I jump over Rann as much as I can. Hes five-eleven feet, tall to my five-one feet, short. We hug when the noise stops. I lift my freckled face surveying the rooms. Blood, body parts, and burning clothes are scattered over the tiles. I see shiny metal, pink tissue, colored flesh, and white bones. Some bodies are burning in red and yellow fire flames.
I grit my teeth, Dang!
I mentally back flash two minutes, before, when the poor hostages and caged prisoners had blown their inner guts, inwardly.

Day 170. Commerce. Royal noble meeting. 83F. morning.
Another face-to-face freaking meeting, I dash down an empty hallway, panting and grunting from too much good breakfast entrees plus the four or five vanilla filled donuts, without any supervision. Rosa is there. Rann is not with me, either. I stop, when my pink flowing dress swirls around my sandals. I eye burn the huddle.
Rita wears a white plastic cast on her healthy forearm. Dirk leans on a walking cane food table, due to the fully plaster cast covering his healthy leg.
I T-scan. Fake and proud of it! I sigh with deception.
Theyre the enemies. They arent the heroes. I lost good people on Sahara because of the devious duo. Theyre still live and breathing, not for very long. I sigh with revenge.
I neck snap to Rosa. She smiles, waving and nodding then fingers an empty chair like hosting a tea party. She knows. Rex knows. I know. Rita knows. Dirk knows. I sigh with annoyance.
Rex sits, motioning to sit. Welcome, nobles. I rush to the empty staring at Rann. He appears very seldom and quiet, handsome in his new black clothes. Ty occupies Ranns right side, Joy is on Ranns left side. Rex is cheery and all smiley with something up his Royal sleeve. He says. I have joyful and solemn announcements to share with you and the citizens of your planets, eye burns Rita, frowning. What is the status of Bio, daughter?
Rita nods, smiling while lifting her fake injury. All dead! The patients, patient families, patient guests, and the Bio personnel! We were too late, Father, nodding and patting on Dirks arm.
I toss my eyeballs at Rosa. She nods, when I swing my face and stare an array of invisible yellow and red fire balls at Dirk. He doesnt evaporate, sadly. I sigh with revenge.
The inmates and hostages on the Prison Planet were body bombs with embedded maser metal particles. The maser metal particles were precisely timed to implode while one of the nobles was trying to rescue Rann, his prison staff, and his prisoners.
That be me, yall! I grit my teeth, seething with fury. I sigh with death.
Planet Bio, all citizens and staff were killed during a rain down of numerous big maser blasts from three ram ship attacks. There werent any knowledgeable medical personnel to diagnose the cause of the weird body parts of the prisoners, the captives, the guards, and the kidnappers who were splashed bloody all over the floor of Planet Sahara.
There are spies among us, a noble or two, my theory. They sit pretty healthy in the same room with me. And, the most secretively new blast, one of the ram ships escaped, not being told to the sad citizens. I sigh with revenge.
Rosa saved General Ira. I saved Rann and Ty. Rita saved Dirk or Dirk saved Rita. The story changed, whoever spoke, first. Rex blasted the ram ship on Planet Resort, somehow mysteriously. Bartholomew got the other one as it closed in on Agris atmosphere with his secret maser cannon, compliments of Ranns ownership from years, ago. Lad set the self-destruction button and destroyed the ram ship, the crew, and half the planet of Tech World along with the bots, the bot-personnel, and his noble person.
Rex nods. Bbots are being constructed immediately for medical purposes. Before this incident, some of the planets have biomedical robots placed strategically in different castles for emergencies, such as this. So, the universe has medical equipment for now. I want to acknowledge Lady Rosas long term planning for this idea, nodding. There is plenty of business to discuss which requires decisions regarding your futures as nobles. First, let us pay respect to our brave noble dead, who fought gallantly during the terrible War last week, pausing with sadness. Marquis Roy of Resort and his beautiful wife Marquise Dee, parents of Marquis Tok and the grandparents of Tia along with half of the population of Resort; Count Dov and his devoted wife Countess Bea plus all devoted family members and commoners of the planet of Ice; Governor Jon and his wife Governess Jo from Uni plus the dedicated team of medical personnel, staff and families; Priest Ito and Priestess Las from Bio along with all the children, and staff members; and finally Princess Viv, the loving wife of Prince Rann plus his guests and prisoners from Sahara, when silence echoes in the room. I view Rann with sadness, exhaling. Rann views his hands when Ty and Joy pat his arms and collar bones, too. Rex says. Due to the lost of nobles in the universe, I am asking you, the reigning nobles for nominations for permanent positions each planet affected by the ram ship raids. The planets must continue to thrive, without their original nobles, pausing and patting the book. Based on the Book, the noble policy states each planet must name a new noble-leader. I am accepting nominations for each planet. The nobles will vote democratically on the named delegate to rule over the noble-planet, scanning the faces. Rex nods, smiling. For Planet Bio, a noble name is welcomed
I nominate Ty. Rann views Rex, nodding then grins at Ty when Joy kisses his check. I sign with jealousy.
Is there any type of opposition of the named noble of Planet Bio? Rex scans the faces, when silence echoes in the room. He stares at Ty. Do you accept the new noble title of Ambassador Ty of Planet Bio? Ty nods, smiling. Rex motions his hand. Please rise, Ty! I bestow the honor and title of Ambassador for Planet Bio, smiling and nodding. Hence forth, you will be called Ambassador Ty of Planet Bio along with honor, respect, titles, duties, responsibilities, and assets due you from this date forward until eternity, when nobles clap, nod, and smile.
I clap, smiling. Ty is the Ambassador of bio until eternity. Cool! Time passes very slowly with the nominations, acceptances, oaths, vows, affirmation, confirmations for each new noble of an old planet.
I sum, yall.
Lady Rosa was retiring as first noble of the Planet Bonita. She requested Lord Dirk, the first noble in her place. Ann got promoted to Lady Ann of Planet Bonita, the second noble. Rosa had moved into the Royal palace with Rex on Commerce. Relax! They were brother and sister. I found out, now. Baron Bartholomew of the Agri was going to marry Lady Ann. Lord Dirk of Bonita was going to marry Queen Rita. New Ambassador Ty of Bio was going to marry Joy, the Agri Business-associate. Marquis Tok of Resort was going to marry Baroness Ivy, the noblette of the Planet Agri.
Rex nods, smiling. For Planet Ice, a noble name is welcomed
I nominate Starra, Rosa winks and pats my glove. I drop my mouth with drooling spit in shock.
Is there any type of opposition of the named noble of Planet Ice? Rex scans the faces. If a noble objects, he/she will become a plantation pond frog, croaking until sunup, tomorrow morning. Just joking! I cant really do that thing with my T-powers. Silence echoes inside the room. He stares at me. Do you accept the new noble title of Countess? I nod, smiling. He motions his hand. Please rise, Starra! I bestow the honor and title of Countess for Planet Bio, smiling and nodding. Hence forth, you will be called Countess Starra of Planet Ice along with honor, respect, titles, duties, responsibilities, and assets due you from this date forward until eternity, when nobles clap, nod, and smile.

Commerce. Starras castle.
I inherited the destroyed Planet Ice. Flesh and blood of animal and citizen occupation will occur in 10,000 years, once the dusty maser radiation settles. I received a big house and a bigger curr account, 20 million currs for saving Rann and half his staff members, who were not carrying the tiny suicidal bombs inside their guts, hearts, stomachs, and buttholes.
Home, sweet, home! I smile and cheer jumping up and down on the hard tiles inside the Foyer of the Ice mansion. White door, white columns, white concrete, white roof, everything. I like the color white, clean looking and smell pretty, giggling and nodding. I slam the front door with a loud boom. The room is freshly painted with no decorations and no furniture. My new clothes are packed inside a set of pretty matching pink colored luggage bags with kittens from Rosa in the middle of the Foyer from her Hbot. I sign with mystery.
Hello! Good afternoon! Welcome to the castle of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea. The noble couple is not presently at home. How can I be of service to you? Hbot, the housekeeping robot drones, flying to me from another room inside the Ice mansion.
Im Countess Starra, nodding and smiling.
Hbot drones with blinking colored lights on its belly comlen. You are not the Countess. The owners of the planet of Ice are Count Dov and Countess Bea.
I am Countess Starra, nodding and grinning.
Countess of the mansion of Ice is an older lady with pale skin and short black hair named Bea who is the wife of Count Dov. Hbot drones.
I am the new Countess of the mansion of Ice, nodding and smirking.
You are not. Who are you, stranger of the mansion of Ice owned by Count Dov and Countess Bea? Hbot drones with blinking colored lights on its belly comlen.
I am Countess Starra, gritting my teeth, frowning and nodding. 
You are not Countess of the planet of Ice. Countess Bea has pale skin and short black hair, an elderly lady of the planet of Ice. You could not be the same age as her. You are young. You are an imposter. Hbot drones with blinking lights.
No! I am not an imposter, frowning and stomping my sandal.
Who are you, imposter? Hbot drones with blinking lights. The bot mainframe is not updated with my new title.
So, improvise. I am Lady Starra, smiling and nodding. The bot blinks red and blue lights inside the belly area.
 Scanning? Hbot drones with green and yellow lights then stops. I do not have the name Lady Starra in my Ice database. I sigh with annoyance.
Do you not recognize my pretty face? I smile batting my eyelashes.
Please, identify yourself to me! Or I will be forced to contact the Militia. Hbot drones blinking black and silver lights.
Okay. Dont get huffy! Geez! I frown, viewing the floor. I sigh with annoyance.
That statement does not computer. Hbot drones.
I view Hbot, smiling and nodding. I am Starra of Planet Bonita.
 Scanning? Hbot drones with blinking lights of orange and purple then stops. My database has found, identified, and confirmed a citizen with the name of Starra of Planet Bonita.
Thats me..., shouting and nodding with a hand flip for annoying me. I sign with deep relief.
Welcome! I am Starra of the planet of Bonita. Are you friends of Count Dov and Countess Bea, nobles of the planet of Ice? Hbot drones.
When in doubt, use logicStarras logic. I smile, nodding. I am friends of the noble couple.
They are vacationing on Ice. Would you care to leave a message? Hbot drones. Vacationing on Ice, the planet was destroyed, yesterday, in the surprise ram attack. The bots had not been updated with the current, latest information. The bot thinks its masters are still alive. Okay! These are machines. Machines need to be re-programmed. I can re-program, successfully the thing if I can turn it off.
I understand the reason for its illogical and idiotic dialog with me. Im the current noble of the house of Ice voted by the noble meetingmoments ago. No, message! Id prefer to wait. The matter I have with the Count is vitally important, outplay the dumb trashcan I sign with brilliance.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, I will allow you to wait for the noble couple of Ice Count Dov and Countess Bea to return from their home world of Ice. Hbot drones.
Thanks, bot, gritting my teeth with annoyance.
Hbot drones. I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, would you like a beverage?
No, thank you, minding my ps and qs with the flying alphabet. The bot might toss me out of my own mansion on my tight fanny, if Im not nice and polite as a guest of the Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea, who are both dead and buried in the rumble on the planet of Ice. I sigh with frustration.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, how long will you be waiting for the Ice nobles?
A choice of time. The bot is gracious. Forever, nodding and giggling.
That statement does not compute.
I would prefer to wait until the Count returns from Ice, nodding and giggling. Gotta! The bot does not know when the time or day or year that will be, because the planet is radiated for the next 10,000 years. And, the Ice nobles are dead. They arent ever returning to the Ice mansion on Commerce. I sigh with brilliance.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, how long of a waiting time period?
Eternity, giggling.
That statement does not compute.
No kidding! frowning.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, what is your estimated time for total visitation days?
Until, I can get your can fixed, growling like an animal with grinding teeth
That statement does not compute.
For two months, nodding. It will probably take me that long to fix your silver metal hind. Hbot blinks red and blue lights. O no! The thing is processing my nasty response. I sigh with fear.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, visitors are allowed to stay at the home of Count Dov and Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice for a time period of ten standard days.
Fine, tossing my hands. Fix you by then or recycle your metal parts for a new kitchen blender.
I am announcing your house acknowledgement. I am Starra from the planet of Bonita, the invited guest of the Royal noble couple Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the proper owners of the planet of Ice for two weeks or ten standard days. Hbot drones with blinking lights of pink and blue.
Thank you, nodding and smiling.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, shall I show you the bedroom?
Only if, I can show you the dang door? saying with pure wicked evil malice, grinning then I stomp forward up the stairs.
That statement does not compute. Hbot drones, tailing my butthole.
Please, show me the bedroom, saying. Im tired needing a nap from the long day. I have a headache. Im sick of arguing. I cannot believe Im carrying on an interactive conversation with a talking trashcan about a reservation for sleeping in my own noble mansion assigned by Rex. I sigh with confusion.
This way, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita. Hbot flies around me, leading.
Whats your designation?
I am Hbot9.
Hbot9, wheres all the dang furniture? eye burning the nicely polished floors and bare walls with my mysterious mind.
Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice removed and stored all the furniture and possessions on the advice of King Rex, the ruler of the universe, last week. Hbot9 drones I nod, pondering. Dov was a very good friend of Rex. The King must have some inkling the upcoming War. I sigh with suspicion.
Wheres the location of the storage facility?
The planet of Ice. Hbot9 drones when I halt.
I exhale, frowning and scanning the walls and the flooring. Then, I grin, giggling. Gone with the radiated wind storm! I walk up the stairs, whispering for my ears, only. You could have said destroyed, just like your owners, if your data banks were updated with the current, latest events of the unknown universe. Just great! I possessed a big manor with no furniture. I step into the newly painted empty room walking around Hbot9. Annoying trashcan! It is going, as soonest, as I figure out how to do that. I see. No bed or beddings. I neck spin to Hbot9, whining. No mattress, either?
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice removed and stored all the furniture and possessions on the advice of King Rex, the ruler of the universe, before the Game, last week. Hbot9 drones.
I exhale, viewing my dress then the bot. I need a bed to spend the night, here, tonight, when silence echoes in the room. Bot does not care, if I sleep on the polished hard wood floors. Hbot9, can I get a bed?
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, Count Dov and his lovely wife, Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice removed and stored all the furniture and possessions on the advice of King Rex, the ruler of the universe, before the Game, last week. 
Use logic, not facts. May I purchase a bed for the House of Ice? smiling and nodding with noblette manners.
Who are you? Hbot drones with blinking lights of red and blue. I sigh with shock.
I just want through the ID sensor-app. I am Starra from the planet of Bonita, a guest of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea of the planet of Ice...
Scanning? Hbot drones with blinking lights of green and yellow.
I am Starra from the planet of Bonita, waving my hands. I will be sleeping in the corner on the yellow cobblestone street, without a maser. Too bad! I could blast the bot into the sky, purchase a bed, and sleep for the next three days with glee. I sigh with solution.
Hbot stops blinking, droning. Good afternoon, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the noble of the planet of Ice, do you have a request?
Yeah, I got.
Please, identify yourself in the House of Ice.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, I request to purchase a bed for my sleeping ritual, puffing with fury.
You forget the amount of time for your visit. Hbot drones, without the arrogant smile.
Ah! I ball my hands into tight fits. Im going to murder this robot. This little bot is going to pay dearly for my wasted time. I sigh with revenge. I inhale then exhale, saying. I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, who, please, asks the most urgently request to purchase a bed for my sleeping ritual?
As you wish, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, who, please, asks the most urgently request to purchase a bed for my sleeping ritual. Here are the currs to purchase a bed for the House of Ice. Hbot drones when currs clank down on the floor at my sandals from its belly slot. I sigh with surprise.
Thanks, grinning and giggling. I squat retrieving the currs.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, you can purchase a bed item at the Market Vendor around the corner on the cobblestone street. Hbot drones. I sighed with exasperation.
I smile, nodding. I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, who, please, asks most urgently requests to purchase bed linens my slumber and bath ritual?
As you wish, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, who, please, asks most urgently requests to purchase bed linens for your slumber and bath ritual. Hbot drones then spits more currs from its metal piggy bank.

Day 171. Starras kitchen. 78F. morning.
I comfortably rest and nicely dream about Rann inside my new soft mattress on a set of clean bed linens, after spending the evening working the washer then dryer for my good-smelling bed linens. I rise with a growling stomach for some good food, too. The food resides inside the Kitchen. I see another bot working in a steady cleaning pace when I stand inside the archway. I giggle. 
Good morning, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice. Kbot drones, cleaning the white counters with white cloth in a bright white shine.
I stroll towards the polished table. Breakfast, frowning and fingering the oven then the table while ordering like a Countess.
No, thank you! Kbot cleans the counters.
Not for you, for me, yelling with frustration, stomping my naked feet, slapping my robe.
Kbot cleans and drones. Good afternoon, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, do you have a request?
I have many requests. I clear my throat, saying clearly. I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the noble of the planet of Ice, who, please, asks to eat a tall stack of pancakes?
As you wish, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, who, please, asks to eat a tall stack of pancakes. Kbot floats to the sink. It compiles, joyously. Im hungry.
I neck spin to the window, eye burning the beautifully manicured lawns, the sparkling swimming pool, and the secured wooden fence posts. Kbot, how far does my property extend?
Kbot drones, fixing my breakfast the counter. The fence post extends 6,300 feet to the fresh pond lake. The thing answers my question. The robot walks, talks, and stings. As long as you dont order, purchase, eat, sleep or bath, they are fine with you.
That far, nodding and smiling from the chair at the table.
Count Dov owns 140 acres of land on the planet of Commerce which is part of the Ice plantation. Kbot drones.
Plantation? saying softly when my heart swells. I miss my family, my farm, my livestock and my horse, Thunderfoot. I sigh with homesickness.
Count Dov has plans to build a series of stables for the horses.
Horses!? frowning while scanning the open pastures for the horses, instead I see. The green manicured lawns lead into a set of double wooden gates and into a thicket of hilly grassy pastures. I T-view the wooden fence posts of steel wire tracking through yellow meadows towards a fresh water pond on the south side of the plantation. Perfect, smiling. I sigh with delight.
I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, your breakfast is served. Kbot sits a tall glass of water, without ice cubes in front of me. Not much of breakfast! I ordered a tall stack of sugar coated maple syrupy pancakes. I view the open food pantry doors, seeing. Nothing.
Out of groceries! I nod. I shouldve known, being at the Market, yesterday, busy filling the comfort zone of my tired back and aching legs, not my growling stomach. I gulp the warm water in four takes. Then, I stand, dashing upstairs to change my robe into my cowgirl boots.

Starras pasture. Mild day. cool morning. 68F.
I lean my back muscles and bent elbows onto the wooden gates, eye burning him. Baron Bartholomew: tall, handsome, black hair, gray spikes, gray eyes, aristocratic nose, square jaw, and high cheekbones. His face glows with happiness and smiles of mischief. His body ripples with gentle muscles on tanned flesh. Obviously, he spends outside enjoying the pleasant weather and horseback riding on his home world of Agri, instead noble duties. And his is not single, anymore, being engaged to Lady Ann of Planet Bonita. Baron views me, frowning. Have you owned horses before, Starra?
I smile, giggling. Yeah! Back home on , pauses, Bonita. Im from the Southern part, small patches of grass with horses, spreading the lie of Rosa.
He nodded. Rosa mentioned your origins in passing, one time. I sigh with alien.
Almost, out of this world, ya could say, giggling when the two horses prance from the bay of the starship towards me. Then the two older steeds slowly stroll towards the fresh grasslings near the red barn while dropping skull s and grazing. I sigh with interest.
He fingers the elderly horses, Boe and his twin sister, Doe. Theyre from my personal stock. Their
BA, I wanted one horse, not a herd, frowning at the four horses.
He smiles, nodding. Id be honored, if you accepted both Boe and Doe. Doe birthed two foals. Shes ready for a pleasure and an easy life. I believe you to be a kind mistress, Starra.
But, shaking my curls, staring at his dancing silver eyes.
Her foals insist on staying with her. I cant keep them a part. They are a complete family, Starra Two year old twins, who are also a brother and a sister. The pair gallops to the fence then rub my extended hand. Neigh! Neigh! They nudge my hand with their cool wet muzzles. I smile with love. I sigh with family.
I nod.  What are their names?
Athena and Apollo, the horses, not the gods, he chuckles. From some type of world history that had Roman god and goddess, Rann suggested the clever names. I like the names. They seem to fit their personalities, too, when we hear. Neigh! Neigh! The horses nod skulls from Bartholomews calling.
I giggle, nodding. Okay! Please, charge my curr account for payment of the horses and fencing.
BA shakes his skull and hands. No charge! Youre doing me a huge favor by taking both the young foals Athena and Apollo and their parents Doe and Boe off my hands. I have other horse families that need my attention. I know in my kind heart, that you are a good kind mistress, Starra, shaking my hand then back steps. He waves, entering the ship, blasting into black cold outer space.

Thirty-minutes, later.
I exhale, walking to the barn, grabbing the horse gear. A two year old is very young for a saddle broken horse. The stallion has the most energy. He likes to lead, too. And, his sister likes to follow, also. I crawl over the fence, being a teen of seventeen years. I stand near the wood, yelling. Apollo! He lifts his horse face, staring at me. The large white horse snorts with an invisible stream from his big nostrils. Apollo, the horse-god eye burns me with his big blue eyes, stomping his front hoof. I giggle and nod, not waving my hands or the horse halter. Yelp! You there, stomping your hoof. Im calling your name. You and I are going for a pleasure ride, staring down the servant from the mistress. The white stud rolls his head sideways then beautifully shakes his white mane then paws a single hoof into green grass leaving, structurally big red hole. I snort, calling. Apollo! I am the mistress. You are the horse. I eye burn his big blue eyes. I dont care, if youre named after a god. The god is mythical, not magical. Apollo snorts invisible air between his big round nostrils, again with force. You can understand me. I can read your mind, also. I giggle extending my glove, when he shakes his head walking slowly to me. He halts half the distance. I laugh. So, thats the game you like to play, when I hear. Neigh. I nod. I agree. We are equals, walking the other half of the distance, respectfully. I extend my glove and rub his forehead then produce an apple from the other gloved hand. He munches, nodding. I have a friend for life, placing the mouth piece then leathers reins over his messy mane. I straighten the blanket over his rib cage. Apollo is still, quiet, and very tall. I pat his neck. Ready! He nods. Okay. Here, I come, jumping and grabbing the mane. I pull towards the blanket, straddling his bony spine. He is still, quiet, and really tall. Good boy, Apollo. Youre a good boy. Lets go for a short walk, punching his rib cage. Apollo steps towards the exit wooden gate. I pull the reins to the right walking around the open corral in a circle. I kick his ribs into a trotting circle. I kick, again, A little faster this time.
Athena watches then joins the second circle while riding beside her brother on the outer band. I kick his ribs into a canter with Athena for a third round. She likes to show off that shes equal, also. I giggle. For the final circle, I punch hard into a jump. He tosses grass and clay tornados into the air while galloping with Athena. Thrilling! I missed my earth-horse Thunderfoot, being sidelined with my intergalactic outer space trip into a new galaxy.
Whoa! Good boy, Apollo. Youre a good boy, patting his sweaty neck. I jump down, presenting another apple. Then, Athena rubs my shoulder when I pat her sweaty neck. Good girl, Athena. You got an apple, also. I place a new mouth piece and blanket on Athenas back, testing her riding ability. She rides with both grace and speed around the pasture, not as strong as Apollo, but sure-footed and steady. I sign with healthy.

Thirty-minutes, later.
As I trot along my property line on Apollo, I follow the wiring around the fence, surveying the good hand work. Count Dovs workers did an excellent job with fencing, posting, and construction of the barns and gates. The hidden trail through the woods leads to a series of crooked sparkling streams, intersecting at the fresh water with bubbling fish, using a T-tap of Telepathy. Wonderful! I can ride every morning and late afternoon. I giggle. I sigh with delight.
Athena approaches the pond, first. She dips her nose smelling the water for cleanliness and then drinks the fresh cool water.
Apollo gazes in a northern direction with his ears pointed backward, smelling hopping rabbits, climbing squirrels and running opossum. Then, Apollo turns sharply, jerking sideways with me inside the dang saddle. I shift to the opposite side dearly holding onto the saddle horn. He rears upward then leaps into the air dashing straight into the thick woods with his mystery and my annoyance. I grab then jerk both reins with normal strength in my arms and legs, not wanting to harm him with my T-powers. He halts like light speed when I fall forward from a spook.
I giggle. This is a common occurrence with a stallion. Theyre very high strung and high spirited beasts, just like his mistress. I giggle. Whoa! He rears with front legs in air, again. I grip the loose reins missing the saddle horn. I tumble backward over his ramp then hit the soft muddy ground. I sigh with surprise.
I whisper for my ears, only. Not a swift good move for an experienced horse woman! laughing, without relieve of no earth or alien eyeballs on me.
The Shadow rushes out of the woods, saying. Are you hurt? Im so sorry. I dont mean to scare you.I meanthe horseor you and the horse. Are you hurt, Starra?
I stand, wiping mud and muck from my jeans, giggling. This aint the first time Ive fallen off a horse, nor the last. Im fine, Rann. I believe you frightened him more than I, viewing Apollo. He knew Rann were there, spying on me. Apollo eye burns Rann with curiosity. I bush more twigs and tree leaves off my jeans. I lift my freckled face, seeing. Rann wears a shirt. Hello! My love is wearing something over his gorgeous naked chest plus jeans and cowboy boots. I gasp then giggle.
Rann frowns then smiles, patting his jeans, viewing Apollo. He doesnt look afraid of me. However, the horse looks, very intimating to me, shaking his skull.
I walk and grab the reins preventing another spook run through the unmapped woods with Athena by his side. Horses do not explore their environment like curious cats. They need human protection and security for food and comforts of a home. I can locate them, if lost, eventually using my T-powers. I pat and rub his sweaty forehead, Apollos, not Ranns. I giggle when Athena nudges my back shoulders. I produce two red apples, extending my gloves. Neigh! Neigh! They attack the apples then swallow almost whole then stomp hoofs for more. I frown at him. Are you alright? You look lost, Rann!
He views the sky then the soil then me, frowning Maybe a little! thumbing over his collar bone. Im visiting Ty and Joy in their new castle. His property line runs parallel to yours. We finished lunch and wanted to walk around the woods. I noticed the beautiful site beyond the fence. I climbed over. I was admiring the calm and serene pond, viewing the landscape, nodding. This spot is beautiful and charming to escape from stuff. Hes hurting from his loss.
I dont know what to do or say, nodding. Agree.
Do you ride every day? Rann views me, smiling.
I pat my dirty jeans, smiling. I just got the horses, but Ill be riding every early morning and every late afternoon, when the temperatures are cooler. Exploring my property and woods and of course, enjoying the spectacular view of nature and daydreaming a little, giggling.
Dreaming of what? Rann smiles, when I blush. This chat is getting to close and personal. I sigh with true love.
I dream, one day, of a wooden bridge across the stream over to the overgrown and cool shade trees with a wooden covered gazebo. Nice! Dont you think?
Great idea! You can have a picnic table with benches for breakfast or lunch picnics. Rann fingers the tree shade, nodding and smiling for a second time. We hugged on the ceiling railing during the ram ship battle on Planet Sahara, where he lost his wife Princess Viv. I sigh with respect.
I whistle two fingers inside my mouth like a true cowgirl. The twin horse faces jerk from the tree leaves and blueberry stains. Their stomachs will be aching, if I dont stop the berry juice sucking. The mare gallops to my freckled face standing beside her brother, obediently. Want a lift? patting Apollo, nodding and smiling.
No, Rann shakes his skull and hand.
I nod, Ill ride the big bad stallion back to the ranch. You can ride his sister Athena. Shes a very gentle mare, patting her neck, nodding and smiling.
I I dont know. Rann eye burns the horse with full doubt.
Come on! Have some fun? Take a chance, Rann. I stomp the soil with my boot toe, nodding and smiling with fun playfully like, before.
I havent been on a horse in many days and years. Im not a very good with the animals, shakes his skull and hands then back steps from me.
They dont bite, neither, do I, giggling, then I pull his hands into mine along with his body.
I...I
I giggle, smiling. I sweet breathe into his distorted face. Athena is a very nice girl. Please! Pretty please, with sugar on top, drawing his hand her forehead.
He gently strokes her silky white mane on the side of her neck, nodding. She seems tame It has been, a while.
Its just like riding a bicycle for the first time, you never forget, nodding and giggling.
Rann frowns at me. What did you say.abicycle? Whats abicycle?
I view the woodlands, exhaling then smile at him. I nod. Ya know, what I mean riding an air bike for the first time, the same sensation. Fun! Thrilling, covering my blunder with bicycle comment. Only Earthlings ride bicycles for transporting around the soil of Planet Earth. I sigh with carefulness.
How do I, Rann fingers the saddle.
Grab her mane and the horn, pull your weight up the side and then over the saddle kinda jump into the seat. But, dont miss you might hit the mud puddle instead. I chuckle.
Rann laughs, touching her mane. Ill try to avoid that accident, pulling up then whipping his leg over her back.
I nod, smiling. Great job, Rann! Mr. Cowboy of the Galaxy, laughing with him. I vault onto Apollos backside, settling into the saddle then kick his rib cage. He leaps into the air, jumping from the soil then hits the ground, pacing.
Athena arches her neck letting her silky long mane fall to one side. She prances and dances all the way down the wooden trail behind her brother, proud of her new rider. Rann holds the horn, with loose reins. Athena is steady with her comfortable pace. She does not jostle him up and down to much. I glance back, spying. I think hes really enjoying the impromptu ride. Athena is a good breed of horse and can anticipate her masters weakens and strengths. She knows Rann is a little timid. She treats him with great care, just like her name. The Roman goddess of love Athena is unlike her brother, the true Roman Apollo god of the sun with his bright energetic arrogant self.
I lead Apollo down the narrow path, back through the gates, pass the barn, and finally to the edge of the manicured lawn of my mansion. I pull the reins keeping Apollo from leaping into a full blown gallop towards the horse stalls for food. Rann and I dismount allowing the Sbots or service bots to care for the horses.

Starras kitchen. Hot. Sunny. afternoon. 81F.
I slam the rear door alerting my hard working mechanic staff of me. Rann walks and talks with excitement about riding, the horses, and the woods. I sigh with joy.
Kbot halts, droning. Good afternoon! Welcome to the Ice mansion! Prince Rann, noble of the planet of Sahara. I stop and stare with my evil thoughts while my hands read to strike with deadly karate chop on the shiny metal. The bot addresses him, not me. I am the cool masterI meancold mistress of the House of Ice. Kbot drones. Would you like a beverage, Prince Rann, sire? Sucking up, also! Rann ignores Kbot sitting and staring out the window at the horses grazing in the pasture. A wonderful therapy for Rann and his loss, the horses! He can ride with us every morning or every afternoon or both.
I sit on the opposite side of Rann, burning my laser eyeballs into the bot. Kbot, may I have a beverage? My non-breathing staff member cleans the clean counter with the clean cloth for the hundredth time.
Kbot drones, without looking at me. Good afternoon, I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, do you have a request? The stupid robot starts that ridicule formal bot greeting. I sigh with embarrassment.
I cannot get the bots to take my orders, until I do formal wording thing, which includes my wrong title, Dovs wrong title, and the vacation time that Im allotted to spend inside the Ice castle. Else, they ignore me, and then I dont get a dare thing including a bed, a bed linen a dang piece of soap. I sigh with disenchantment.
Rann whips his face to me, smiling and chuckling. I frown then smile at Rann, flipping my right hand then my left hand for a distraction. I have limited drinks. I have water, water, and more crystal clear water, shrugging my collar bone with cuteness, not flirting. I quickly overplay Kbots lack of noble respect from its mistress, me.
He raises an eyebrow, cute-like. Out of currs, Starra? 
I frown. Naw! I smile. Why do say that, Rann? Rann frowns and stands, swinging towards the refrigerator. He opens the door, frowning. I say. The water, I mentioned comes from the faucet over near the sink, Rann.He swings to me, fingering the emptiness. He raises his eyebrow, saying. There arent any food items in here, Starra.
I nod, viewing the table surface, then the horses and finally Rann. I smile. I didnt have time to go to the Market, blushing with girly innocent, because Id have to ask for currs from the nasty Hbot. Then, Id have to go to the Market for the food, after begging for the currs. And, then, Id have to carry the bags into the kitchen and empty them, after walking and buying them in the Market with the begged currs. I sigh with frustration.
Rann frowns, raising his eyebrow, cute-like, again. Nobles do not go to the market, bots do, chuckling.
I exhale, nodding. I know. But, Ive been busy fitting for bridesmaid dresses, attending showers for the brides, and buying wedding gifts for the newlyweds and finally furniture and household items for the house, grinning. I sign with annoyance.
You have been performing, what duties, Countess Starra, he chuckles, raising his eyebrow, cute-like, again.
Excuse me! I am Starra of the planet of Bonita, the invited guest for two weeks or ten standard days at the mansion of Count Dov and his lovely wife Countess Bea, the nobles of the planet of Ice, do you have a request? Kbot drones. I stare at the bot, not wanting water. I want respect and the tall metal things to order my commands. I drop my freckled face towards the floor. Wow! This floor is spit shined and polished. I can see my pretty reflection. I could eat off of it, if I only had more grocery items. Kbot drones. I am Starra 
Rann walks from the empty refrigerator, ordering. Kbot, two glasses of iced water served at the table to Countess Starra and me, now, sitting and smirking at me.
As you wish, Prince Rann, sire. Kbot flies backwards, fetching the iced water glasses. The dang bot obeys him. I sighed with pity.
It does not acknowledge me as the new noble of the mansion. I jab my finger in Ranns smirking face. Do not lecture! I got a bot, an unfriendly bot. Okay! Im trying to get it fixed. Okay! One of these days! Maybe, I can just buy a new lot, new and improved lot of bots. Tech World informed me that it would be two months before they could fix it
He chuckles, shaking his skull. You waltz like a flower, fly like an angel, and fight like a warrior, but you cant control your house bots. Im glad hes smiling and laughter, instead of being depressed and sad. My feelings are hurt. I sigh with sensitivity.
You are not witty, Rann. I sigh with humiliation.
You are the most entertaining person in the universe, Starra, he stands, bowing and grabbing my dirty hand. He kisses it, smiling at me.
Im glad youre thoroughly amused with me, pouting my pink-painted lips. This isnt the romantic picture of my life with my love Rann.
Kbot, I want space line to Tech World, now! Rann growls to Kbot.
As you wish, Prince Rann, sire. A space line is ready for transmission to Tech World. The comfone is ringing, Kbot stands behind Rann, when Rann swings around to the exposed belly of the bot.
The comfone presents Tok on the screen, smiling. Good morning, Rann.
Hello, Tok! I have a problem. Rann nods, smiling.
State it!
All the bots at the Ice mansion were not programmed for the new noble Countess Starra.
Say no more! I understand. Ill arrange a tech team to fix the bots by five in the afternoon, today.
Starra cannot access her curr account, either. Please use mine to pay for the financial transaction.
Tok nods. Will do, Rann.
Thank you, Tok.
Anytime, Rann! Good afternoon to you, Starra.
Thank you, Tok! Good day! I smile, nodding when the comlen fills with silver static. I view him, smiling. Thank you, Rann! I sigh with humbleness.
If you need any more favors, just comfone me. He extends his hand.
I stand, placing my hand into his open palm. This is more like my future day-dream. I wink. I hate to mention this. But, you have just become My Best Buddy in the Universe, laughing with Rann.
Rann wraps his arm around my arm, walking us towards the front door. A duty, Ill gladly accept, when I smile. We halt at the front door. He orders. Hbot, open the door, waiting for the bot to obey. It must be quite an adjustment from living on the south of Bonita then finding out that you have moved into a noble position, a noble mansion and numerous noble duties.
I stand, enjoying his wiggling and warm fingers over my hand and arm. Not really! I was visiting Rosa for a few days, when the War broke out. Change doesnt bother me. I find I adapt quickly to new situations. Im a tough warrior, smiling.
He winks. Youre a real trooper and cute, to boot. Lets go and grab you some groceries, also, I nod and blush. I sigh with true love.

Day 175. Wedding. Ambassador Ty and Ambassadorette Joy.
The first Royal marriage is Ambassador Ty of Bio and Joy of Agri. The lively parade starts with Rex sitting inside a golden float in the middle on a golden throne chair. He smiles waving with his left hand and a golden scepter in his right hand with a big half-moon gold crown planted on his round bald head. The groom and bride rides in a round pumpkin-like glass coach which is pulled by four golden haired camels, representing Planet Bio. Beautiful! The transportation and animals are compliments of Rann, his best friend in the universe on Tys wedding day! I sigh with friendship. Then, the other nobles and noblettes order of parade floats are as follows:
Queenetta Rosa, Prince Rann sits inside a golden hovering air ship which is piloted by Pbot.
Lord Dirk, Queen Rita sits inside a golden draped hovering float which is driven by a Pbot.
Baron Bartholomew, Lady Ann sits inside a golden hovering float which is pulled by a team of four white horses.
Marquis Tok, Baronetess Ivy sits inside a golden hovering float which is pulled by a team of four golden camels.
General Ira and his wife Generalette Mar rides, being driven by daughter Kia inside a golden hovering air ship.
I, me, myself sadly sit inside a golden ship which is piloted by Pbot. I wear a gold fitted A-line full length long dress with ruby jewels around my neck like a queen. Hey! It aint my wedding. Sadly, I be only a bridesmaid, not a bride. I have tons of jewelry beside the gown, matching earrings on each ear, matching wrist bracelets on each arm. I did have a matching ankle bracelet on each ankle which I accidental lost between my bedroom and my float. And, finally, I have a golden triangular tiara completing my silly costumenawbridal gown. I carry shafts of polished gems which are clustered into a single bouquet, not pretty soft flowers.
Rex is dressed in a set of flowing gold robes, standing on a floating disc with Sbot. Rann is first best man. He and the other male nobles are dressed in the same pattern of gold suits embedded with ruby, emerald, diamond, sapphire, amethyst, topaz and other semi-precious stones that I refuse to name with a dictionary.
I exit the float then waddle towards the Stadium field which is filled with a platform. In the center of the platform, Rex smiles, nodding with his hands touching Ty and Joy. Rex says for the comfones and comlens. Welcome citizens to the blessed union of, then thirty seconds, later. I, King Rex, pronounce Ambassador Ty and Ambassadorette Ivy of Bio have been joined in this Royal noble marriage, always and forever, nodding when the young couple kisses. I sigh with jealousy.

yellow street. white sidewalks. green lawns. red building. orange auditorium. Wedding reception. Starry romantic night. 68F. evening.
The noble wedding reception of Ty and Joy starts inside the red building and the moves to the Agri-mansion, then the Resort-castle, then the Bio-castle and then until everyone is drunk or sick or tired, whichever comes, first. Im more interested in dancing with a handsome, single, and talented Rann while having tons of fun with the prince, singularly.
I T-jump off my tacky float trotting through the door, stripping my jewelry, handing off to the little cute girls, who return pink flowers to me for fun. They happily squeal at the unexpected semi-precious gem gifts. Hey! Im a Countess, an image, an icon, a symbol, a noblette.
The newly Royal noble married couple had been introduced, cheered, recorded, blessed, and served with wedding cake by the time I walked into the crowded auditorium. Then, the royal couple was lost inside the crowded room.
I wanna dance, needing a dance partner, wishing for Rann. I halt, sneering and seeing. Queenetta Rosa is slowly pacing around the dance floor with Rann. Every female from eight to eighty-eight years of age is patiently waiting for a single two-minute dance with a handsome, single, and talented Rann. They line the dang bright red freshly painted wall like an army of fire ants. I sign with sting.
I see.
Dirk secretly connives with Rita in the shadowy corner of the auditorium. Bartholomew barks orders for the empty food platters from his Business-associates while Ann trails behind like a lost Woof puppy. Ty is dancing cheek-to-cheek with Joy. So, romantic! Ivy is gossiping with her girly friends, while Tok is drinking, a nasty habit. Rex has numerous color-sash Honor Guard units prepped and ready for any inappropriate social behavior from any invited guests.
I see.
Rann, my new best friend, needs a good friend, not a silly lass giggling every two minutes in his handsome face. I lean against the orange wall waiting impatiently for a two-minute dance with Rann. I eye burn the long line. Girls and women are waving handkerchiefs, blowing kisses, and wiggling manicured painted fingertips at Rann. I sigh with sickness.
I T-find a used food covered fork on the other side of the wall on the floor. I levitate it in the air and then scratch the prongs against the lower wall near the foot boards. I sigh with deception.
Scratch! Scratch! Scratch! The too dang young cute faced teen yelps viewing her hemline then sandals, then the wall, frowning. Whats making that disgusting noise? 
I clear my throat, wanting all the girls lined against the wall down to the refreshment table and back to hear me. So, I apply a low T-growl to my normal voice, O! Thats the little gray mouse, pausing, crinkling my nose and viewing her. I spotted the little gray mouse, earlier. It was eating some of the fallen wedding cake on the floor, over there, fingering the far end of the wall from me but near the next girl in line to dance with Rann.
Mouse?! She crinkles her nose and ears(ugly move)then fingers the far wall.
I nod over and over, again and repeat. Mouse! Over there! Mouse, over there, fingering the next girl in line on the far side of the wall leaning against the curtains.
Are you sure, miss, she frowns at the far wall.
I nod over and over, again. Very certain! I recall vividly seeing its long gray whiskers, and a long gray tail, and a pink nose, fingering the wall.
Im suddenly, very thirsty. Please, excuse me, she shuffles from the wall, the girls and me. She tiptoes to the refreshment stand. I scoot and stand in her place. One down and two hundred more to bother. I snorted.
Im thirsty, also, the next pretty young girl frowns then shuffles from her spot. I two-step forward fifteen stepsnawfifteen girly spots. They moved from the wall leaving the occupied territory of the little gray mouse then I shifted up the row. I sigh with deceit.
Scratch! Scratch! What was that? The young girl frowns, searching her hemline, her sandals then views me. I grin, fingering the wall. I hope Bartholomew has brought lots of finger foods. I sigh with victory.
I stroll to the rope. Ranns Honor Guard had erected a set of poles and rope for his dance partners, mostly keeping the sassy women from tripping over their sandals or trying to grab at Ranns arm, first. The music stops. Rann bows to his current dance partner and turns, facing the wall of admirers. I grin and giggle. I sigh with innocence.
He slowly strolls to the rope, eye burning the empty wall then me. He frowns. Starra, are you alone?
I nod. Yeah! I seem to be the only girl in line. I sigh with happiness.
The music sings the fanfare indicating the dancers to get into dance position. Rann chuckles, extending his arm. I must be losing my touch.
I grab his arm, wrapping my entire body around his, smiling and nodding. Not with me, darling, winking and walking into the middle of the dance floor.
Rann views me up and down, frowning. Where are your gems?

I giggle, smiling. Gems!? O! I gave them away to the little girls for a souvenir, fingering the little girls in the wall corner near the dessert tray, eating chocolate cake, which I want so, too. They wear them proudly. Ranns ruby jewelry over their bodies.
Rann frowns, staring at me. Igive these gems to you as wedding gifts from Ty and Joy.
You enjoy giving gifts to all your friends, smiling then flipping my hand like a countess, giggling.
Yeah, he frowns, viewing the girls then me, still not smiling as we spin around dancing.
The little girls were so thrilled with your precious gifts, Rann. I feel that theyll always remember, this night, Ty and Joys wedding, every time, they wore your sparking jewels. They will think of the nice and kind Prince Rann of Planet Sahara, who made that all possible, nodding and giggling.
Rann twirls me, frowning then grinning.  Alright! You win this round of debate, Countess, today, when the music plays roll and rock music. We part and boogie the night. I sigh with true love.

Day 180. Reception. Baron Bartholomew, Baroness Ann. mild. cool. romantic evening.
The second wedding mates Lady Ann of Bonita to Baron Bartholomew of Agri. Bartholomew and Ann ride inside an enclosed wooden tree bark-designed stagecoach with streamers of wild flowers in rainbow colors flowing horizontally, diagonally, and vertically around the roof, the wheels, the doors, the hump trunk. The stagecoach is pulled by six horses. Lovely!
I wear a big fat round circular dark hunter green ankle-length formal gown with a big fat white bow across my fanny. My exposed throat is choked with a big fat emerald gem necklace. My small earlobes are stretching with a set of matching emerald gem earrings plus white elbow length gloves covered each with three emerald bracelets. An emerald small tiara towers to the ceiling on top of my gray skull with a bouquet of fresh every color-in-the-rainbow wildflowers, no bugs(I checked, yall).slaps my dress inside my left hand. I am right-dominated. So I need my right hand for eating, drinking, and sometimes killing, if Dirk happens to wander by me.
The bridesmaid list and dress code includes all the noblettes at Joy and Tys wedding.
I arrive, late, again while missing the speeches, the toast, the cake, the fotos, and the other boring stuff, again. I am not hungry, desiring to dance all night long with Rann, again. I giggle scanning my eyelashes around the crowded room for the prince. I sigh with happiness.
Dirk and Rita secretively lurk inside the dark shadows, again, without notice from the other nobles, but nosy me. Rex and Rosa perch on the platform stage like a pair of pooping Agri birds after their dinner meal. Ty and Joy are dancing cheek to cheek, again, the newlyweds, last week. Ivy is talking, again while Tok is drinking, again. Bartholomew is dictating orders with Ann clinging to his robes like sea lice. Once a food-king, always a food-king, even on their wedding day! Rann is dancing his legs off with next girl in the bachelorette line up.
I prance then stand in the long line of girls to dance with Rann while planning to perform my magic trick with the fake little gray mouse scratching on the inner wall behind the curtains, where the other girls are primping, again. I T-probe the inner wall for some type of instrument for making some scratching noise, when the music explodes in a trumpet note for the next song.
From the wall corner out of the dark shadow, a female quietly appears then grabs Rann from behind by his waist. She twirls him to her face, smiling with secret words. Since, Im too shocked to listen with my Telepathy.
I gasp, too late. Ranns being viciously attacked, when I stomp my right sandal forward ready to pound on her naked feet inside her glittery sandals. Then, he laughs her words.(yeah, I hear)then he hugs her breasts(yeah, I see)then he kisses her lips(yeah, I kill, later)then he cuddles her. I sigh with disgust.
Stang! Whos that? I grind my teeth, hiss my tongue then mouth spit with the stained words while jabbing my manicured mint green, non-matching bridesmaids dress at her.
The young girl giggles, viewing Rann and her dancing. Who are you pointing at?
I jab at her, over and over while gritting my teeth, That woman with Rann. I sigh with jealousy.
Liz, she says, watching them dance.
Liz!? I grind my teeth and stomp my right sandal, eye burning the female.
Liz, she giggles at me while watching them dance.
I slap my dress then place hands on my hips. Liz of the planet of what!? Young girls and middle-aged ladies slowly drift from the wall moving towards the Refreshment-table.
I intensely watch Rann and Liz physically interact, not verbal conversation. Her right hand lounges on his left collar bone. Her left hand plays with his hair behind his head. Her body is so close to his chest, that they can start a major forest fire. She giggles, smiles, chats then repeats, eye burning into his brown eyes. I sigh with major jealousy.
Liz is stunningly slim sexy in that long gold silky gown when I smooth my ruffled dress. I look like a pregnant Moo cow with my wide round skirt holding four crinolines, which are stiff, itchy, and hot. I had given away my jewelry to the little girls, again, making my gown more of a clown costume than a glamour ball frock.
Stang! I mouth spit, eye burning the wall. Empty! Every girl has smelled Lizs perfume as well. I wobble towards the beverage-bar, slamming my glove on the clean counter. Drink!
What kind of drink, Countess Starra? Wbot drones, cleaning the clean counter.
Do you have anything sweet?
Try this. Wbot places an orange liquid in a tumbler.
I down the drink then licked my pink lips of the orange residue with my pink tongue, smiling and nodding. I wink. Thats what Im talking about. Whats it?
The sweet drink is called Fiss, very popular with the younger set of citizens. Wbot fingers its metal limb at kids. I swing around viewing the tumbles of different colored drinks. Would you like another glass of Fiss? There are fifteen flavors of choice, fingering the row of colored bottles on the shelves.
The purple one, I nod, finger, and smile with innocence.
The purple what!? Wbot drones, viewing me.
The purple bottle! smiling, not fingering.
You would like the entire bottle of grape Fiss. Wbot drones.
I growl like an animal. Yeah! The entire bottle of grape Fiss!
Wbot drones, without the arrogant smirk. Would you care for a glass? Or do you want to sip it straight from the bottle like a Kongo?
A glass, you, along with the entire bottle of grape Fiss. I frown, nodding when Wbot places a clean tumbler and a full bottle of unopened Fiss on the counter. I grab the bottle with my right hand and the tumbler with my left then gracefully body spin 180-degrees. Annoying bot, whining like I have stepped my sandal in a pile of squirrel pookie. I sigh with disappointment.
Heard that, Countess. Wbot drones.
And, I thought I was sensitive, tonight, moaning. I sigh with annoyance.
I violently punch my pointy tough elbows through the crowded room locating a hidden couch which is tucked away in the far, far wall corner. And the couch is wide enough for my dress and me to fit, uncomfortably. A cute young couple rudely fingers my empty couch as they prance from the dance floor, cuddling like love bears and giggling like love birds.
Scat! I T-slide in front of the couch, growling and snarling with my drinking gear. I aint in the good mood for company. They shuffle left out of gray eye sight then I see Rann and Liz on the dance floor. Shes a flexible talented energetic female vamp. I sigh with jealousy. 
Rann has never ever mentioned her or her name, either. That has to be the most illogical statement my little fragile mind has ever produced. I giggle, back stepping into my empty couch. Im the greatest mystery in this room, in this building, in the city, on this planet, and in the unknown universe, being an alien. I sigh with alien.
I T-slap my Telekinesis cracking the paper around the bottle, without possessing a corkscrew. The cork pops with a ting then flies away with a zoom, while I giggle. It sails up into the ceiling at light speed, hits the overhead light, and then descends onto the dance floor. I wonder if I should yell something of a warning to the dance participants of the incoming missile. Too late! The cock hits the dance floor, bouncing over the couples head and finally hits the wall corner, without harming the food. I giggle when it stops. I nod, Great shot! I was directing the cock to hit the wall exactly in that spot, laughing. Im having fun, even without dancing with Rann.
I wasnt paying attention, after I popped the cork. Grape-colored Fiss has spilled, everywhere. This stuff packs a one-two punch from the combination of sugar and carbonated liquid, giving it steam when jiggled. The jiggle has landed on my dress. Stang! I view the wetness, not feeling it though the four crinolines. I see. The purple colored liquid has hit the wall, the floor, the couch, the couple on the next sofa, and me. I stand, wiggling my invisible hips when the excess beverage liquid falls off my skirt and shoes, hitting the floor with a big beautiful spat. I sigh with fury.
I fill my tumbler to the rim then down the beverage, three gulps, a galaxy record, yall. I cough then belch, loudly. The couple that I hit with the Fiss stares from my offensive then stands. They leave their sofa empty within my eyesight when I laugh then stop. I sigh with fury.
Rann sweeps Liz into a graceful dip and the pose when the pretty song ends, beautifully. They finish their tango when the single girls clap and smile for Rann. I can do that, also, not clap. I can dance, too. I have dance moves and steps, a very, very good dancer. I sigh with disappointment.
I fill the rim of the tumbler, again, and then down the purple substance, two gulps, a new galaxy record, yall. I breathe in and out then repeat the process.
Presence. My T-powers ping.
I lift my eyelashes, eye burning Rann. He frowns at me. I see you have misplaced your jewelry, again.
Naw, licking my wet lips from the sticky sweet Fiss reseedoo, giggling. I exhale then inhale, smiling. Away with the little girls, giggling with my sinful crime, again. He isnt smiling at me when my eyelashes waltz to her. She stands like a golden-colored granite statue. The two most opposite citizens in the unknown universe are eye burning each other, me and her. Are yall keeping up, here? This dang stuff is important. Ya know love, hugs, and kisses!
Liz: title-less, planet-less, giant tall, skeleton thin, pixie black hair, big brown eyes, big pointy nose, crooked yellow teeth, an overall appearance of homely. The three inches of thick cosmetic beauty makeup covers almost 90% of her ugly flaws from her neck to her big ears which are holding a zipper load of gleaming gemstones. Her long arms hold gems on big male-like hands lined with gems on her sloppy red painted fingernails. Her big bear-like naked feet are painted bright red on toenails, too. Her long sleek gold gem draped dress cuts down into her naval in the front up and split down to her thighs on the both sides of her body. The dress design holds a front panel back panel on her back and down to the floor. I do not believe she is wearing any undergarments, since the silky delicate fabric will show it. The long thin garment is dripping with gem stones in every color of the prism of sapphire, emerald, ruby, diamond, amethyst, topaz, etc, etc, etc. Ya get the mental foto!
In the opposite corner on the medium sized sofa, I sit in my oversized green dress with a wide white bow behind me. No jewelry. No tiara. No gloves. No fan. No flowers. No escort. And, no dance partner. Ya get the mental foto!
I am slim, five-one feet, 95-lbs and one-ounce. That cute visual is difficult to properly see with my petite feet, long legs, narrow thighs, tiny waist, small chest, and long arms in this peacock shaped dress which happens to be decorated with a grape Fiss apron. I stand when the excess grape Fiss hits the floor. I giggle, Sorry, then belch. Excuse me, exhaling. I smile. I am Countess Starra of Ice, no naked handshake, either. I announce, before Ranns introduction, because I do not need or want or desire his help with my personal greeting, a noblette Countess. 
Rann is the prince of the Prison Planet. No prisoners. No guards. And, no citizens. I too have a destroyed planet with no prisoners, no guards, and no citizens, as well. There! We are equals as nobles. I sigh with equal-ness.
So, top that title-less Liz of planet-less place, where ever you hail from. I sigh with nobletteness.
Liz frowns at me. You have a purple mustache. I sigh with embarrassment.
The juice, that had stained the dress and my hands, must have stained my cute lips. I do not possess a napkin or a hanky. So, I use the next best thing, my bare arm. I wipe my face the grin goofy at Liz. Did I get it? Liz frowns then sneers while Rann holds his snicker. His face turns blue. I hope he laughs soon. Or Rann might pop like a balloon.
Liz sneers with curled lips, ugly. A pleasure! I think. Enjoy your evening! twisting her bare back to me then says sideways to Rann. I need a drink, Rann, she beautifully prisses away.
Ditto, darling! waving and smiling with my empty tumbler at Lizs butthole.
Touch, Rann hands over his handkerchief to me, smiling.

Day 191. Royal noble meeting. Mild. Cool. 68F. morning.
Work day, I sit in the same chair inside the castle attending another freaking meeting. The room is packed with nobles and their newly married counterparts. I sigh with loneliness.
Rex taps his fingers on the wood, smiling and nodding. He scans the faces. I have a very important announcement. I am retiring from the royal throne. I have enjoyed my long years as ruler of the universe and personally feel the universe is secure and safe from any enemies, antagonists, and foes. I feel honored to relinquish the Crown into the next capable hands of this talented and gifted citizen.
Here! Here to a great King! Tok raises his empty glass, nodding.
Rex nods, smiling. I chose as my replacement
Dirk stands, sneering, tossing his arms towards the ceiling. I challenge the reign of King Rex, when I scan the faces of the shocked nobles and noblettes.
Really!? Rex frowns then chuckles, viewing Rosa, his sister.
Dirk crosses his arms over his chest, nodding and smiling. I challenge you, Rex. I smirk when Rita smiles. Wow! The new noble meetings are getting very interesting and more dangerous. I sigh with anticipation.
I see. Rex nods, standing. He two-steps from his chair then swings towards the wall. I frown, staring at Rexs floating robes. Rex removes the picture, a yellow and purple dragon then the wall reveals a hidden metal safe. Rex spins the dial, when the safe cracks open with swish. He retrieves an item, a red Book. I gasp in shock. Rex swings around then hobbles to the table gently landing the Book on the wood. He opens the dusty manual flipping around the old dry pages, making a crackling song. He fingers the page, saying. On page 3,460, paragraph-2, sentence-3, please allow me to read this passage for our newest noble members. Any male noble or female noblette may challenge the reign of King Rex during his Royal sovereignty. The Challenge consists of five games from the list below which King Rex will chose as a new ruler of the universe. Each Challenger will partake of the same games as King Rex. The first Participant to collect the five hundred math points will conclude the Royal Challenge. The Winner will be crowned the next Ruler of the Universe. The Loser will hang in the gallows until dead for defaming the Royal Kingdom and Citizens of the Universe. King Rex cannot deny the Challenge from a volunteering male noble or female noblette. But, King Rex can select a male noble or female noblette replacement on his behalf to participant in the Royal events during the challenging time period
Rann jumps from his chair while surprising me. He nods, standing soldierly I humbly accept the replacement on King Rexs behalf to participant in the Royal events for the Royal Challenge
The new noble meetings are fun and thrilling when I giggle, scanning the shocked faces around the table.
Rex raises his palm, smiling. Prince Rann, thank you, my young friend, my wise counselor, and my honor nobleman. There is more to add, while Rann remains standing to protect Old Rex from stupid Dirk. Im not reading Dirks devious mind, but sit and absorb the new unfolding events, before my gray eyes. Rex clears his throat, reading the page. The Challenge has an age condition. It is detailed on the bottom of page 3,461. Wow! Rex is playing a political hot potato game with both Lord Dirk and Lady Rita of Planet Bonita, who really greatly drool to become the Emperor and Empress of the Universe. King Rex has hit the two conniving and scheming rats with a rabbit punch. When Rita married Dirk, she was demoted to Lady Rita of Planet Bonita, a dead world of dead currs of a dead future. They got nothing but a crumbling hole in the ground.
I mentally flash back in the second alien time line, when I exploded the Bonita castle into nothingness on purpose. 
I mentally flash present, I have received the Ice mansion, an eighty-million currs account, furniture, a limo, and a team of nasty bots. The bots were fixed by Tok, last week. But, they still are not exactly friendly to me but prompt and efficient to the house.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling!
What? Rita gasps, when I snort. Rosa kicks my dress with her shoe then I snort, again. This is really entertainingly funny, yall!
Rex says. Page 3,461, paragraph-11, sentence-6 states the Challenge cannot be accepted by King Rex, if he is greater than 250-years of age.
Would anyone dare to debate the age of my brother? Rosa giggles, scanning the faces.
Rex nods. In reality, the Royal Challenge has been spoken. My Royal reign has been disputed. The Book has a solution for this Royal dilemma, also. I should continue. Page 3,462, paragraph-7, sentence-9, if King Rex announces retirement and the selected male noble or female noblette has not been announced, the Challenge will proceed with a set of new Royal procedures. Any male noble or female noblette can become Ruler of the Universe by voluntarily participating in the Challenge during the retirement process of King Rex. Five games will be selected from the list below by King Rex, the Ruler of the Universe for the Participants. The first Participant to collect the first five hundred points will conclude the Royal Challenge. The winner is the Ruler of the Universe. However, in the event of a Royal tie, there is a sudden death, please see page 3,463, paragraph-13, and sentence-18. He scans the faces. I am not going to read the reads of the tie. I can quote it by memory. The Winner of the Challenge tie will be the next Ruler of the Universe. However, King Rex can axe the terrible death reward of the Loser of the Challenge. Therefore, I decree if you are one of the Losers of the Challenge, you will presume your previous status of the male noble or female noblette royal position, without any other death penalty, nodding. These are the rules for the Challenge. Who will volunteer as a Participant for the King or the Queen of the Universe? Rex winks at me when I gasp.
Dirk still stands, tossing both his arms, winking at Rita. He smiles. I accept the Challenge to be King of the Universe. Of course!
Lord Dirk has been accepted into the Royal Challenge by me. Is there another Participant to the Challenge? Rex smiles, nodding.
I accept the Challenge for the Crown. Bartholomew grins then slowly stands while Ann shoves her hands on his arm. She nods, smiling. Surprise there!
Rex nods, smiling. Baron Bartholomew has been accepted into the Royal Challenge by me. There are two noble Participants. Is there another Participant to the Challenge? Im shocked when Baroness Ann is not. She smiles from ear to ear on her pale face, the new Queen of the Universe for life, not a bad position for life.
I accept. Rann stands, nodding and smiling. Shocking! Rann is going after the title of King. My, my, my! This is a pleasant surprise at the dull royal noble meetings. Maybe, he has gotten over the death of his wife Princess Viv while wanting something new added to his dull boring life.
Prince Rann has been accepted into the Challenge by me. There are three Participants in the Challenge, so far. Is there another Participant in the Challenge, when silence echoes in the room. Rex nods, smiling and rapping his knuckles on the wood. Dirk, Bartholomew, and Rann, the first Challenge competition will be set this week on Festival Day as a replacement of the Game inside the Stadium-grounds. I will announce the selected Challenge-match on Jubilation Day at our schedule noble meeting, before the Challenge-day. Do you understand the Challenge rules?
Yes, Rex, sits, nods, and smiles Dirk, winking at Rita. I exhale, sneering.
Yes, Sire, sits, nods, and smiles Bartholomew, when Ann smiles and winks at him. I exhale, giggling.
Yes, Sire, sits, nods, and grins Rann, when I wink at him. I smile, giggling when Rosa kicks my dress.
Rex nods, standing. Good luck, gentlemen in the race for the Crown. I wish each one of you the best in your Challenge, chuckling. Excuse the pun! You are each qualified to be the next King of the Universe. If there is not any more noble or noblette business, I am dismissing the meeting, when the nobles stand. The back slapping, the hand shaking, the tear weeping, and the noble gossip starts with the three brave men of the unknown universe.
My T-powers ting. Everything aint fine, darling!
Rosa touches my naked arm, slicing her sharp fingernails in the meat of my delicate arm when I yelp. I growl at her. She giggles. Starra, lunch is being served in five minutes, here. Would you care to join Rex and me?
I frown then eye roll then stomp my sandal. I finally whine like I have stepped my sandal into horse patties. Thank you! Yeah, maybe, I guess, so! Rosa wants to whisper some secret information to me during lunch about the race of the Crown, where I wanna to visit Rann. Hes visiting with Ty and Joy for lunch, dinner, and breakfast, tomorrow. Rex waves his hand leading the other happily married noble and noblettes towards the dining-room.

Dining-room.
I stand behind my assigned chair by Rosa, fidgeting my left sandal. I cant sit until Rex quits flirting with sexy Liz along with the hugging and kissing newlyweds of royal couples. I sip the cold iced water.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling.
I view my plate of food while worrying about Rann, not Bartholomew. BA is not really interested in being King. He wants to make his new wife, the former Lady of Planet Bonita who has turned into the bold and demanding Baroness Ann of Planet Agri, very happy. Ann cant stop grinning from ear to ear and slapping on Bartholomews arm as a participant for King of the Universe. I see. They smile and flirt like a couple of high school sweethearts with each other. I sigh with jealousy.
Rann is in very deadly danger, not understanding why. If any noble is more capable with physical and mental endurance, fighting, and self-preservation, Rann is the winner by billions of outer space miles.
So, Im worried about Ranns present mental psychological and social well-being, but cannot act, just yet. I dont have a solid social relationship as a noblette much less as a girlfriend in this time line with Rann. Rann is really alone in this time line. Well, Ill just have to challenge that. Excuse the pun! I giggle then sip the water. I see.
Rex is still flirting with Liz, while Dirk and Rita are still missing from the cheery afternoon delight of food, also. Lucky dang dogs! Theyre plotting and scheming, together, a dangerous and deadly plan against something. Their first plan has failed, epic. Dirk doesnt have a chance of winning in any heated or icy environment, unless he cheats like always. Dirk cheats with his mighty Tele powers, a formidable foe using his Telepathy and Telekinesis.
I should know, fighting mind to mind, hand to hand, and sword to sword with him in numerous alien time lines, losing to boot. But, I have an ace up my sleeveless noblette gown while possessing more Tele-talents than he. I giggle. I plan to use my Tele powers helping Rann, win or survive. I dont know which is going to happen, more importantly that Rann lives, after the moment. My Tele senses will tell me, so. Theyre always communicating waytoo much with me, whether I like or not. I sigh with annoyance.
Speaking of Tele-tricks, Rann needs to uncover and discover his raw Tele-powers. Hell need them to survive this Challenge for King of the Universe from the deadly antics of Dirk. I sigh with anticipation.
Rosa smashes my dress with her shoe, again, when I swing my distorted face at her. She smiles at me. Starra, could you be a dear and get my parasol from my closet upstairs?
I frown then eye roll, then stomp my sandal. I whine like I have stomped my left sandal into a pile of green smelly cow dung. Yeah, maybe, I guess so, Rosa, back stepping from my assigned chair. I gracefully swing towards the archway.
I wobble and waddle in my pink foo-foo dress up the staircase into the third-level, tossing my arms while whispering for my ears, only. What am I, now? Hbot! Save a few nobles! They think, they own you, foreverly. Well, I guess she does. I dont have any choice in the matter, the money, the man, and the moment, growling like an animal. I sigh with invisible steaming fury.

Rosas suite.
I viciously slam open the door of her private suite, when it hits the nicely painted wall with a loud boom. Im freaking home, honey, giggling and entering her room. I waddle towards one of four closets then halt.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. breathe out. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I open my eyelashes, fingering and giggle. Closed door number four! I waddle to the door then T-slam it against the nicely painted wall, again with a loud boom, again. I giggle then frown. Rosa has thirty-three(yeah, I counted, yall)different colored umbrellas. I drop on my dress, covering my kneecaps while looking over the messy floor. What a freaking slob? Pigs are neater! I exhale hovering my hands over the silk picking out that particular lavender-colored matching silky one of Rosas fancy queen gown. She needs my bots to help with her laundry. They didnt obey me, but theyre really efficient and clean with the chores of Dovs mansion, growling and crawling on my dress near the far wall.
Then, I hear.
BA will be easy to beat. He only volunteered to impress his new wife Baroness Ann. BA does not desire the throne or the kingship. He is happy living as a noble on a farm, Dirk says. Yeah! I hear with my big Tele-ears and recognize his nasal sissy tenor timber. Dirk and Rita stand behind the wall of Rosas bedroom, too dang close.
Rann is a different breed of animal. Rita says.
Rann does not crave power, either. Dirk says.
How are you going to beat Rann?
I am not. I am getting to kill him, instead.
You are a brilliant man, my husband.
Thank you, my wife.
You can do it in his mansion. He doesnt have any guards or prisoners, since we implanted the body bombs...
Shh! Do not speak of such thing, here. Lets go! Dirk says when I exhale, nodding. Dirk isnt going to share his toys in the royal playground, again. Dirk has never shared his toy or his talents keeping him safe and sound while not winning the Crown, ever. Not on my watch, either. So I have to protect my man Rann.

Day 195. Auditorium. Challenge-match-1. Hot. Humid. 85F. evening.
A King has to be wise. Rex smiles and stands on the stage in his purple robes, his purple crown, and his purple scepter, waving with his free hand. I sigh with interest.
Queenetta Rosa sits in her gold throne chair on the stage with her brother smiling and waving with her gloved hand. I stand inside my noblette skybox compliments of a dead Count Dov and Countess Bea while hanging two thirds of my body out the open window. I smile, surveying the serious match, the studiously candidates, and the cheering citizens.
The three colorful candidates sit inside three bright red chairs fifteen feet from the rich purple stage(colors are required, yall).  Each noble appears calm, composed, and controlled. I sigh with nervousness.
Rex sits inside his chair while the Master of Ceremonies (MC) stands in the wall corner. His face fills the comlens. His baritone voice says into the comfones. This is a riddle. You will be asked the same riddle. Please, write your answer on the large white paper placed on the small foot stool in front of your chair. The time limit is set at one minute. Nobles, the riddle states: the one, who makes it, does not use it. The one, who sees it, does not want it. The one, who uses it, does not see it. What is the answer? Each noble grabs the paper then writes, while the comlen counts down from 50-seconds. 45-seconds. 40-seconds. 35-seconds. 30-seconds. 25-seconds. 20-seconds. 15-seconds. 10-seconds.
The gallery chants in unison, 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4. 3. 2. 1. 0
The MC says. Please, stand nobles. Do not show your answer, yet, when Rex stands, marching down the stairs. He stands in front of the nobles, when the citizens hoot, clap, stomp, and yell.
Rex nods, smiling, Please, present your personal answer to the citizens, when the nobles flip over their individual paper.
Dirk wrote in big black printed letters the word, PAN.
Bartholomew wrote in small black letters the word, saddle.
Rann wrote in a medium font in black letter of a proper grammatical style the word, Coffin.
I giggle, jumping up and down on my naked feet(not four inched heels, yall)giving Rann the riddle answer during of one of our afternoon rides on the horses. And, Rann had remembered. Im so proud of him. I sigh with true love.
The MC nods, fingering the correct paper. The answer is coffin. The results of the first match of the Challenge, Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita receives zero points. Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri receives zero points. Prince Rann of Planet Sahara receives hundred points as the proper award for the correct answer to the riddle.
The crowd chants. Rann. Rann. Rann, while I yell, too loudly.

Day 197. Stadium field. Challenge-match-2. Mild. Cool. 68F. morning.
A King has to be strong. Rex smiles and stands inside the Royal skybox of the Stadium. Each Challenger sits on a horse waiting for their turn at the Steed and Noble Obstacle Course.
The MC stands on a wooden platform in the dirt. This is a horse race consisting of the steeple, the river, the barrel, the tree and bushes with the flowers, and finally the rescue of a lady. This event is set with a three minute time limit. If you exceed the time limit, then you receive zero points. If you miss an obstacle, hit an obstacle or destroy an obstacle, then you receive no points. If you trample the flowers, then you receive zero points. Finally, if you fail to retrieve your lady, then you receive zero points awarded.
I stand on the far side of the dirt field passed the bushes and flowers obstacle. I patiently wait for Ranns turn to ride the course and collect me from the ground, the last step in the obstacle of the Steed and Noble event.
Bartholomew enters the course, first. He glides over each obstacle with ease, being a true farmer. He lives on the food and livestock planet with colts, fillies, foals, mares, geldings, and stallions all his life. This challenge is a joy for him. He slowly walks his stallion then stops. He lifts with his hands Baroness Ann into the saddle. She straddles in an unladylike fashion on the ramp of the horse in her formal ankle-length evening gown. They trot to the finish line while the comlen displays: 2:25 minutes.
Dirk starts his run with a trot and then kicks the black stallion hard into a gallop. The horse jumps the first obstacle, the wooden steeple. The animal paces, while Dirk holds the saddle horn with his left hand. Both reins loose in his right hand. Dirk stops after jumping over the tree log, straightening his tunic and robes in place on his shoulders. Then, he kicks the gently horse attacking the rest of the obstacles. He walks the horse leisurely to Lady Rita like strolling in the park on a Sunday afternoon while daydreaming. The comlen is ticking fast away the used seconds on the comlen. Rita wears a circular crinoline under her red silk frock with a two feet dress train, her usual style of dress. I bet, shes hot on this beautiful bright and sunny morning on Commerce for the Royal Challenge match.
I giggle. The noble ladies have no common sense, wearing a gala evening gown to a dirty horse race. Im dressed in a short buttoned sleeveless vest which is paired with a split skirt up the middle of my legs, and my new knee-high riding boots. I like just like Ranns white vest, trousers, and shiny polished black knee-high boots. I sigh with twins.
Back to Dirk and horse, Rita tries to climb onto the rear of the saddle. She gets a leg up on the horses hair then falls sideways back down onto the dirt. Dirk is no help, sitting on top of the horse while picking at his dirty fingernails. I guess, Rita is supposed to use Tele-levitation rising onto the ramp of the horse. She doesnt possess that Tele-power like me.
Side note: that would have been a slick trick for the crowd, since the citizens do not remember, use or see Tele-powers performed on a daily basis, here.
The comlen sounds with a harsh tone when the MC says. Time has expired Lord Dirk, when Dirk kicks the horse, riding off into the sunset. He leaves Rita behind when a hover cart collect her.
I laugh. Zero points for a zero brain on Dirk, again.
Rann pauses by the starting line looking calm, confident, and cute to me. Apollo stands tall with an arched neck of confidence and cuteness, too. I dont know who has more ego, the man or the beast. I giggle, smiling. The maser blasts a red beam into the blue sky(more colors, yall).
Rann kicks Apollo. The horse rears then leaps into the air, attacking the first obstacle. Apollo clears it with ease while Rann crouches proper and handsome in a formal jumping stance from my personal and private girly supervisor. Apollo did not stray the course. The stallion leaps over each obstacle, pounding the ground like thunder, leaving blades of grass and brown dirt swirling in the air. I smile. Apollo is awesome to watch. Then, Rann pulls the reins backwards on Apollo near the flower bed of pink and white flowers.
I gasp. Apollo will accidentally trample the flowers from that silly maneuver. Rann will lose all the points and the match.
Apollo jumps over the flower bed with ease, while Rann is not inside the saddle. He reaches sideways and down gathering a handful of pink and white flowers, and then lifts his torso upright, grinning. He kicks Apollo into a gallop run to me. He stuffs the flowers under the saddle horn. Im stunned into silence, standing upright for both Rann and Apollo as they approached at a full trot.
We practiced this, yall.
Rann scoops me up with his left arm, assisting me onto the rump of the horse. I straddle the saddle with ease in my split skirt while cradling my arms around his chest. Rann and I cross the finish line with comlen showing 2:46 minutes. Rann slides from the horse then stands. He presents the wild flowers as I sit inside the saddle on Apollos back. He grabs my waist sliding me onto the grass. Rann and I swing around in front of Apollo smiling and waving to the citizens.
The citizens chant. Rann. Rann. Rann...
The MC says into the comfones. The results of the Royal Challenge are as follows. Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita has failed to retrieve the lady. He is awarded zero points. Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri with no penalty receives hundred points. Prince Rann of Planet Sahara with no penalty receives hundred points. The current standings of the Royal Challenge are as follows. Lord Dirk has a sum of zero points. Baron Bartholomew has a sum of hundred points. Prince Rann has a sum of two hundred points. Rann is leading the Royal Challenge. Bartholomew is in second place. Dirk is last, when the citizens cheer.
Bartholomew advances to us, smiling and cuddling Ann. He slaps Rann on the back, nodding. Excellent riding, sir! May I say a nice touch with the flowers. I should have thought of that, chuckling with us.
Rann smiles, nodding, while shaking BAs hand. I gladly accept thanks for both the compliment and respect from the universes best horseman, cuddling me when I smile and smell the pretty sense of the flowers.
Ann smacks his arm, frowning and whining. Why didnt you do that thing with the flowers for me, Bartholomew? It wouldve meant a lot to me. Im your wife, your honey
I explained, before Ann. Bartholomew whines like he has stepped both boots in a pile of horse dookie, when I giggle. Rann kicks my boot as they leave, arguing about the flowers.
I laugh, when Rann winks at me. What a pair?
A pair of what? I giggled.
Be nice, Countess! Rann hugs my shoulder, not kissing my face, when I giggle, again.

Day 198. noble meeting. sunny. cloudy, 81F. morning.
A King has to be graceful. Rex sits in his throne chair inside his castle, another noble meeting. This is a dance partner competition. You will perform the same style of dance with the same music and same three requirements a twirl, a dip and a toss with a partner of your choice. Each noble will receive a personal dance trainer with instructions on foot steps and body moves. If you miss any three requirements, then you receive zero points. If you and your partner fall, stumble, or trip on the floor, then you receive zero points, stops reading then views Rann. He shakes his skull. Rann, I cannot allow you to pick one of the professional dance teachers. You must select another girl, winking at Rann.
Rann smiles at Rex, nodding. Dont worry! I have the perfect girl in mind.
Do you, now? Rex grins. Then, I dismiss the Royal noble committee meeting, then the nobles and noblettes shuffle from chairs into the hallway.
I stand when Rann runs into my gown. He smiles, sweet breathing into my face. May I speak with you in private, Starra? He grabs my hand pulling us into an empty side room, nodding. 
Do I have to beg, too?
I smile viewing my dress hemline, since I cant see my sandals. I view him, grinning. You dont have to beg like a puppy dog for a biscuit. Ill be your dance partner. But, I dont think I am going to help you win the Crown, giggling.
Winning or losing, that is not goal. I want to have fun and enjoy the good competition. Id like to start our dance training, immediately. Rann back steps holding my hand.
I slide next to his side, winking. I got my tap shoes in the ship, giggling.
He laughs. Youre joking.
I nod, winking. Im joking. But, I brought extra clothes and shoes, just in case. Your place or mine?
He smirks. Thats a loaded question for a lonely man.
I giggle. For dance practice, Rann! Anyways, we get a dance chaperone, fingering the line of dance instructions at the end of the hallway.

Planet Sahara. Ranns palace. Dance hall. 145F. afternoon.
We, three walk down to the second floor, the dining and banquet rooms. The female dance instructor giggles and flirts holding Ranns hand with me on his other side. I sigh with vurp.
Her dance crew quickly transforms the eating-room into a posh dance hall by hauling the chairs and the tables out the room. Other citizens place upright bolts of raw colored fabric in the wall corner. On the other side of the room, a comfone and a DJ tests the sound and acoustics of the music inside the open space.
Rann and I cuddle in the middle of the dance floor. I wear pink shorts and cute top with bows and two inched sandal heels. My dance dress is a formal gown-thing, needing to practice in sandals, without red stinging blisters, please.
The dance instructors name is Xe and her partner is Es. Xe winks at Rann, smiling and touching his naked bicep, when I growl. She says. I am going to teach you the base steps for a waltz. You can create you own movements and flow, later in the evening. We will need to work, together, during the evening hours, too, Your Highness, winking at Rann. Rann smirks, nodding in silence, when I growl, again. Xe touches his right hand. Right handed or left, Your Highness?
I growl then giggle, smiling. His Hindness is right-hand dominate. And I would know, your whor
Starra, Rann sneers at me then smiles at Xe.
Xe taps his hand. Hold her waist with your left hand and your right hand clutches her left hand, we pose, together when Xe observes. She frowns. She is too short for you, Your Highness.
I concur. The guy named Es nods, holding his chin with his hand for some reason.
Xe nods, touching Ranns collar bone, when I grow. She is going to have to wear a higher pair of heels, probably four inches or more Xe mentioned.
I concur. Es holds his chin, since it might fall off.
I gasp then growl. Four inches heels, while Xe ignores my comment. Actually, Xe is ignoring my person, totally like I aint living on the planet, in the galaxy or cuddling my dance partner in his palace. I sigh with murder.
Very good! Youre a natural, Your Highness, whispering into his right ear, since I stand at his left side. And, I hear you, my dear, with my big Tele ear tubes, darling. I sigh with murder.
No titles, just Rann and Starra. Rann softly says while tickling my waist, when I giggle.
Okay Rann! Xe smiles, winking while leaving me off her Holiday list. Yeah! I am not the starlet of the universe seeking to be Queen of the Universe. Xe is very nice looking with an athletic body from dancing for some many years. The short tight skirt does not hurt, either. Rann follows her with his eyes into the wall corner when she turns back winking at Rann then yells. Dont move, Rann! she presses the button then a dance song plays.
I giggle. Youre a natural, Your Hindness, whispering with my new sexy voice in his right ear, when Rann giggles.
Be a good girl, Starra, he tickles my waist, when I giggle.
I swing my face to Xe, yelling with a growl. Hey, darling! Whats the next dance step, were bored over here?
Rann whispers into my right ear. Thats a request, not a suggestion, Countess. Rann lectured.
Hey, darling! My arms are getting tired in the air, giggling, when the music started.
Xe and her dance partner shim then shake their graceful bodies to the music coming back to us. She poses in front of us, winking at Rann. See me, and then follow me. She twirls in a circle then stands on the side, fingering the floor.
I giggle. See me, and then follow me, wiggling my hips against Ranns body parts, when he giggles.
He exhales, shaking his skull. This is going to be a long day.
Ready! Set! Dance! Xe orders, snapping her fingers to the music, watching us.
I swing around holding his hands, giggling and winking. She barks like a Woof dog. Wouldnt ya agree, boy?
Rann twirls me around the floor, slowly. You hiss just like a Purr kitten. Wouldnt you agree, Countess?
I smirk, saying. Maybe, when Rann jerks me into a full circle, making the room spin. I sigh with dizziness.
We dance around for an hour following the dance movement of both Xe and Es. Xe stops then pushes Es from her sweaty body. She smiles and winks at Rann. Very good, Your Highness! You are half way through my designed dance steps. I halt, frowning at her then Rann. He smiles. I feel half-way wet, half-way dry, and half-way sorry, when I beat her butthole for flirting with my man. Im sweating on my body, my clothes, my dance partner, and my tears are not dropping on the floor. She smiles, spinning her fingers. Twirl her around and then back to here. Rann twirls me around then stops, smiling at Xe. Xe winks at him. You are an excellent dancer, Your Highness, when Rann smiles. I am here, doll! She rubs his sweaty arm(Yo! Ya dance, ya sweat)when I growl, again. She says. It takes two to tango, tonight, she has quoted an old Earth expression then says. Break time, she smiles, nodding and touching his naked chest.
I stand behind her big fanny, sneering. Woof dog! then, I giggle, when Rann grabs my hand.
He cuddles me with car then whispers into my ear. Now, Purr kitten. Xe walks to the wall corner fetching some food and drink when a tall thin man with no hair stands in the middle of the dance floor. He doodles something on his mini-bot. Then, the man and Xe approach us. Rann smiles, nodding. Good morning.
The man presents his mini-bot to Xe, when she views the bot. What did you think?
She taps the screen. I would suggest a circular flowing dress cut in vertical panels embedded with diamonds.
He says. Not diamonds! How about the outfit would be draped in a silk ribbon which will be tied with a series of small bows, lighter and more flair for the female dancer?
That sounds perfect, nods Xe.
I strive for perfection. The man nods.
Xe fingers the man. This is Su. He will be designing your dance outfits. Rann will wear a traditional fashion which includes his famous open vest, revealing his taunt dark carved muscles latched with diamond studs, white pants, and dance shoes. She
I sneer at her. She is called Starra, bi, when Rann tickles my waist. Then, I giggle then growl.
Xe says. She will flaunt a crop top with attached silk shoulder stripes for added protection. We do not want your top falling off. Do we, honey? she winks at me.
I gasp, dropping my mouth. Certainly, not! I sigh with embarrassment.
And, a circular white shirt sliced in six panels with a mid-length ribbon and a small bow attached to the outside of the panel for flair and drama during the twirling and swirling of the waltz. Su nods, smiles, displaying the pencil sketch, before Xe and Rann.
Rann nods, smiling. Excellent work, Su. I like the design, too. Well be the best dressed couple on the dance floor, cuddling me.
Thank you, Your Highness, she winks at Rann, giggling.
Stand here. Su grabs my arm then drapes the white fabric around my body. Hold your arm out!
Ouch, I sing in piccolo from the needle stick with fumbling fingers.
 Straighten it, Countess. Su commands, again.
I felt like a pin cushion, exhaling.
Please, open your stance. Su commands, again.
Hey, man! Just be careful with your sharp pins, growling when Rann holds my arm in the air for the pin fitting.
The price for fame. Rann smiles.
The price for pain. I should have demanded a fee. I growl.
Too late! Have much are you worth? Rann smiles.
Trillions! I giggle. Why arent you posing for the needles, also? 
Not necessary, Su has my measurements. Hes my personal tailor. Rann nods, smiling when I grunt. Think about it like this. You want have to do this again for a very long time.
Ouch! I yell.
What about the hair? Su pulls my long ponytail from my skull.
One problem at a time, Xe exhales, nodding.
Hey, man! I dont have problem with my hair. I frown.
Too long! I suggest a tight bun. Su wraps my hair into a messy ball while Rann holds both my arms from a vicious attack on Su, first then Xe, second.
I frown. Hey, man! My hair
work it, later, exhales. What about makeup? Su touches my face, when I growl. He nods, smiling. She has a nice skin tone, even tan. I use a tube of hot pink glossy lipstick for a dramatic color.
I exhale, pulling my body parts from three people. What body parts have you, not talked about? I sigh with miff-ness.
Su back steps, shaking his baldness. I am finished. She is all yours, Xe. I must leave. I have a miracle to perform. Good luck, Prince Rann and Countess Starra, bowing then swinging around. He fingers his assistants trailing behind with the bolts of cloth.
Back to work, Xe touches Ranns bicep, smiling and winking.
I stomp my sandal wiping the sweat from my face. I wanna break.
You received a break. She touches Ranns chest, winking and giggling.
That was work for me. I whine, wiping sweat on my clothes.
That was rest. She touches Ranns face, smiling.
I wanna a sandwich, I view the food-table, fingering.
Hmm! You should not add the extra pounds. It will definitely show in the dress, honey, she swings and winks at me.
I gasp then sneer, then stomp towards her. You little bi
Rann grabs my waist, twirling me around, whispering. Calm down, Purr kitten. This is for fun.
Yeah, fun! I bad breathe in his face. I forget. I am having fun. Yeah, man! Yee-haw!
The music starts when she yells. Your Highness, you will start from the top of the music in position. One, two, three... Xe ordered.
When we twirl, I giggle. Have much are you paying me, here to dance? I forget, because Im going to hire an assassin to get rid of her. Rann laughs, spinning me around and around.

Day 205. Starras castle. T-storms. dark sky. 100% precipitation. 66F. morning.
Four days later, I am still being both tormented and tortured by Xe and her evil dance steps. I gurgle then giggle while flying home from Sahara. Let me re-phrase that old statement, I used the navigation system letting the zipper ship fly me home. Im tired, sore, hungry, exhausted, bruised, and ache in body places on body parts. Im too old to have this much fun. I laugh hoping Rann possesses misery, too. I lay on my neat and tidy bedspread made by Hbot. Im too tired to bathe, change, move, think or breathe.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
Rann! My T-powers ping.
Rann is in danger at his home on Sahara. He is alone, too, with no prisoners, guards, friends or personnel, only freaking foes.
I T-jump from the bed, not getting dressed. Im dressed wearing my practice skirt, an exact duplicate of the bow and diamond gown. I gallop up to the third floor of my castle. This upper dock is so cool and so is my new zipper, a state-of-the-art fast silver thing.
I T-lift the zipper into the air, without the cold engines into another rescue, without a maser, sword or dagger. This is becoming, a bad habit. I should have placed a bag with extra clothes in the truck of the zipper along with weapons for such an emergency.
I race the zipper into the stratosphere while T-flying using my Telekinesis beyond hyper speed(Yo! Im good, yall). I dont have time for the traditional light speed. I pass Bio, Uni, Agri, and then see the Wall. With a big boom, I am though the wall opening.

Ranns palace.
Through the Wall with a little scrap and a lot of dent damage on the zipper(Yo! Dont care!)Tok can fix it. Or I can buy it. I pass Ice, Resort then see the glowing orange hot sands of Sahara. Rann, hang on, love! Im coming, sending by vocally and telepathically to Rann.
Scanning the castle, I locate Rann on the fifth level, south side. I dont have time for proper landing, docking, and locking procedures for the dang zipper on the dang landing pad.
The fifth level houses a sun-roof. Lucky for me, a roof top for the sun. I see pretty furniture and glass tables lining the outer edges of the sun-patio. I slow my descent and then tap the zipper on the sun-roof then land with my Telekinesis. Plan?
I exhale, crawling out the zipper. I stand, seeing. A weapon display case on top of the roof. I giggle. This is a jail for criminals. Breaking the glass, I pull two masers, two swords, and two daggers onto the ugly utility belt and a walking stick for fun. Im a walking artillery base. I bet I look posh, too. I wished I had a mirror. The elegant white gown decorates ugly with the black weapon armaments, a fashionista. If only, Su could see me, now. I giggle.
I ignite the maser and drew a 360-degree circle on the roof. Using the walking stick and my Tele strength I smash the concrete down. It lands on the carpeted rug, just my good luck, a little sheath protection. I T-drop down into the dark chamber onto the carpet, rolling on side then crouch on the floor. Quiet!
I stand, seeing.
The bedroom is clear, smelling the blood on the golden carpet. Dang! Rann put a good fight. I tail the trail. I sigh with worry.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling!
I stop and hear noises. Grunts! Shouts!
I run blind into the dark room then halt, seeing. Rann is fighting with four guys, carrying a maser rifle on his back. His left arm is wrapped with torn rags dropping with fresh cuts of blood. He holds a maser and another funky axe. His dance trousers are ripped, torn, and stained with more red blood. Hes winning, being in top physical shape for his old age. I giggle, pondering.
The enclosed space is a training facility for running, not weight training or fighting. Five circles surrounded the room, a running track. The prison guards stay ship shape on and off prison duty.  I sigh with true love.
Rann wears his dance outfit, also.
So, his attack had occurred, after I left for home. No way! I orbited the planet three times, before I left the stratosphere, and then waited thirty minutes at the Wall monitoring any unidentified or identified flying objects heading towards Sahara. I left Rann safe, sound, and alone. The foes didnt get passed me. Wait! I finally had to travel home through the Wall and to Commerce. The bad guys attacked early in the morning hours, when Rann was asleep. I was asleep, too.
Rann is staring and breathing hard at the fallen foes, below his feet.
A presence! My T-powers ping.
I punch with my left folded fist behind my collar bone hitting my Target with accuracy. Then, I flip my maser into my right hand and quickly spin a half twist stabbing my Target between the ribs with my sword.
Dont mess with me, sister! I aint in a good mood! I moaned.
I swing to Rann, who needs my assistant. Another set of foes emerge from a side door of the running track from where. I guess Rann forgot to lock the doors, when I grunt. I sigh with mystery.
I almost yell but stop, not wanting Rann to see me and my wonderful Tele powers. I am not a spy. Dirk is the spy, here. And, Rann is in trouble, here.
Ships! My T-powers ping.
The starships are searching for an opening within the Wall.
My plan-B, hit em hard and watch em fall. Rann has eliminated eighty-percent of his attackers on his own. I just will help with the remaining twenty. I giggle. Hell never know, either.
Time for a nap, boys, when I swing towards the open door filling with Ranns foes. Then, I toss rays of masers, two dagger, and two swords(Yo! Im good, yall)back stepping from the sprinting blood. One, two, three, four, five, and six unconscious bodies fall on the floor.
Rann grunts then falls when I swing around, hearing his sigh
I dash his side. Hes in an unconscious state. I perform a T-scan using my Telemetabolics. powers. Ranns bleeding and hurt. I hover my hand over toned muscles. He has lost a couple of vials of blood, not life threatening, thou. His handsome features appear drained of energy, not dying of wounds.
I understood. We were pulling all day and night dance sessions while learning the steps, moves, and flow of the music.  Xe was a tough task master at her art, expecting perfection, until we perfected it.
Im physical exhausted and pined for a 20-hour catnap (Sahara day). Rann holds no head injuries, but cuts on his left arm, nicks on chest, arm, legs, and multiply bruises across his back and legs. No broken bones, legs or feet. The comlen on the wall shows: three in the morning. 
Great! This is now Dance Competition Day for the Challenge. Im going to kill you, Dirk. I cant murder him in front of thousands of citizens, so Ill settle on bashing one of his kneecaps into a billion pieces of bone fragments. I sigh with murder.
Im mad and tired. Forget Dirk! We get 100 points. Rann will be leading with 300 points, and then his life will be really threatened. Yeah!

Rann needs his legs and feet unharmed to dance. The nasty cut on his left arm is going to prevent my lift into the air, one of the three required dance moves for passing the competition, receiving the points and then becoming King of the Universe.
Stang, Dirk! I exhale. I slap my hands together, producing heat and applying it to the open cut. His arm would be sore for a little while, but Rann is tough and strong. With rest, fluids and food, he will be good as new. As a matter of fact, Im recommending the same medical advice for me, too, until the dance competition, tonight.
Time to leave, lifting my hands, seeing. The wounds are healed with a pink tone of healing. I giggle, standing. I swing towards the archway then T-dash then stop. I swing my face blowing an invisible kiss to Rann on the floor. Good night, my sweet Prince!
I giggle, slipping out the room, down the hallway, into the bedroom and then leap onto the roof top. I crawl into the zipper then T-soar into the blackness of outer space while scanning for Tys starships.
I see the ships then fly under the planet and away from the castle. Ty will protect Rann though the morning. My job is done. Rann is safe. I sigh with contentment. 

Commerce. Challenge-match-3. starry night.
The MC says, standing against the wall corner while yelling into the comfones over the cheering citizens. The results of the dance competition are as follows. Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita, Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri, and Prince Rann of Planet Sahara all receive the hundred points, this evening. Rann is leading the Challenge with a sum of 300 points. He is closely followed by Bartholomew with a sum of 200 points. Dirk has a sum of 100 points.
The citizens chant, Rann. Rann. Rann, when the handshakes, kisses, and hugs among the Challenger couples ensue and finally end along with the loud chanting. The citizens depart the bleachers along with the noble couples from the dance floor.
May I speak with your in private, Starra? Rann cuddles me, shoving us into a side room. He says. I suspect you have heard the hot gossip floating around the castle about me, nodding.
I giggle inside his chest, winking. Is it true or false?
Maybe. Rann chuckles.
Maybe!? I exhale.
Maybe, I saw a ghost, last night. Rann winks.
Maybe, it was your imagination. I flip my hand.
Maybe, I saw a guardian angel, instead.
Maybe, it was your imagination.
Maybe, I saw an ugly guardian angel with bright hot pink lipstick smeared on across her mouth and chin, wearing a torn gown.
What!? I gasp, frowning.
Maybe, she will re-appear, again, tomorrow night. Rann winks.
Maybe, not, swinging to the archway and then priss away, while Rann laughs.

Day 206. Planet Sahara, Ranns palace. Hot. Heated. 136F. afternoon.
I land my zipper on the fourth floor dock of Ranns home. I stroll down the steps onto the second floor. Ranns there. Kbots are cooking the evening meal, smelling the good aroma of food. Rann is sitting on the sofa, reading a mini-bot.
Hey, Rann. Im moving in, tossing my pink bag onto the golden tile with a dull tap.
Starra!? Rann jumps from the chair, standing with his mouth open.
I view the bot, smiling. Hbot, find me a room, please, then view Rann, winking.
Rann stands, saying. Belay that order, Hbot for a moment, frowning at me.
I nod. I am moving into your palace, just temporarily to serve as your personal bodyguard.
Starra?!
I finger the palace. You dont need a maid or a secretary or a cook. Im not qualified for these positions, anyway. But, you need a body guard. Im also free of charge, slapping my breasts, giggling.
Rann chuckles. I really appreciate the offer, but I have an official trained Honor Guard unit.
I know. I am your secret weapon. No one will ever suspect me. Were working as a team, winking.
Starra? Rann frowns.
Come on Rann! Everyone knows about the attack. It is not a well kept secret.
He smirks, winking. What attack!?
I exhale, tossing my arms. Okay! So, there wasnt an attack inside your mansion on your person. But, you still need a personal bodyguard.
Arent you worried about rumors circulating?
What kind of rumors?
Rann fingers me then his chest. You and me!?
I shake my curls, smiling. Nope! I live alone in a gigantic mansion with 14-rooms guarded by six patrolling bots, and Apollo. What do you think? I receive no visitors or callers.
Rann laughs. Still having problems with the bots.
The things are rude, short tempered, and bossy.
Sounds like Baroness Ann. Rann chuckles along with me.
I wiggle my finger. Rann, shame on you! Ann is just temperamental like a steam iron, giggling with Rann.
Rann grins. You make me laugh. That alone is worth your company. Hbot, Countess Starra will be staying at the mansion for...
one week, filling in the blank for him, when I wink.
Five days, retrieve her luggage, Hbot. Rann orders extending his arm.
I grab it cuddling into his naked chest, giggling. Youre not going to regret this, Rann, when we stroll towards the stairs. Hbot picks up my bag. For convenience, Ill stay on the fourth floor. Since, the third floor is damaged and the fifth floors are the living suites, nodding.
Rann shakes his skull. Id prefer you reside on the fifth floor. Youll be more comfortable, there.
Well, I dont want to disturb your normal routine.
Too late! It is already disturbed.
O, sorry, smiling. Good! I want to disturb his routine with my presence. My plan is working.
Rann says. The fourth level is the prison wards. The comlens and comfones are connected to the bot mainframe. If there is another attack I meana theoretically attack, then you could easier become trapped. Then, Id have to be your personal bodyguard, chuckling without me.
I halt, frowning at his smug face. I can take care of me.
Rann views me, nodding. Starra, you are a remarkably skilled warrior. The first time we met you saved my life. I will never forget that day. I believe with all my heart and soul that you can protect yourself and me. And, you are also a brilliant strategist devising this scheme, nodding when I nod, smiling. He cuddles me walking and saying. You should be competing in the Challenge matches. Your brains, brass, and beauty are excellent qualities for position of Queen of the Universe. Wow! I love the compliment and the cutie, needing the prep talk, after Xe blasting of my poor dancing skills. We climb the stairs when he fingers. The fifth floor, lets find your suite. This direction is the location of my chamber at the end of the long corridor, chuckling when I blush. The master suite is currently under repairs. I dont know how in the universe it happened. An opening had appeared in the ceiling. Someone parked a zipper on the sun roof, stole my personal stash of weapons, drilled a hole, and entered my suite. I assumed they were thieves looking for valuable gems, chuckling when I giggle. Im the thief. I sigh with deceit.
Rann stops at the archway when I smile at him. That is a fascinating tale.
He laughed, nodding. Tale? Isnt it? You realize I mine all the precious jewels in the universe with Xbots, excavation robots. My new idea, the Xbots are mining the gems, instead of the prisoners. What do you think about this particular suite, Starra?
I scan the room, smiling and nodding. Cute! I love it. Thanks for allowing me to help Rann. I really do want to you to win, but I also want you to be safe, even if you are not the next King of Universe. And, thanks for sharing your personal opinion with me. Well, I think I will unpack and get ready for supper dinner snack, frowning.
Rann nods, smiling. Dinner is served at five. Is that acceptable? I can change my dining arrangement.
Not necessary, Ill be ready.
Hbot will inform you of dinner time. Welcome to my mansion! I hope you enjoy your stay. I am very happy to have you as my guest, Countess Starra, he kisses my naked hand then releases it. He bows then swings towards the stairs. I sigh with true love.

Starras suite.
I prance into the room, when Hbot drops the bag on the bed. Hbot flies backwards while I watch. I giggle, not getting enough of the bizarre flying robot maneuver. Then, I view and unzip the bag, selecting the top item. My white sundress is too bridal, tossing on the floor. My gray sundress is too fancy with the ruffles, pitching on the floor, too. My pink sundress is too perfect for a sleek informal dinner with Rann. I wrap it around my body admiring me in the mirror.
The furniture is just right in my height and weight. Im five-one feet, short and weigh 95-pounds, a small body frame. Usually, the furniture is higher than I. The twin-sized bed is just right for me, also. I sit on the twin mattress, studying the vanity and clothing chest on the right side. Then, I lay on top of the soft mattress. The night stands are within my arm reach touching the wood. I stare at the gold ceiling feeling the soft and comfortable bedding. The decoration reminds me of my old bedroom on Starbuck Plantation as a child.
I jump from the bed, circling room.
The perfect constructed furniture for a small person, this room was designed for a small child, located down the hall from the master suite with a nanny room, next door. Princess Viv was pregnant, carrying Rann unborn child, when she was brutally executed by the assassins. The reason, Rann has been so depressed and sad, losing both his wonderful wife and his unborn baby, that day.
Im so sorry, Rann! whispering and sobbing. I wipe the tears from my face, I am so sorry, Rann, sitting on the bed, crying for them.

Dining-room.
Dinner is served by a battalion of bots, starting with the letters K, W, H, and S. The bots carry eating-plates, utensils, goblets, dishes of food, and a chocolate covered cake. Rann demands to be treated like an emperor, instead of a prince. He always lives big and fancy in life. I wonder, if I can adapt to his lifestyle. I eat the salad, the entre, and four pieces of my chocolate cake.
Rann stares at me, exhaling. Then, he smiles. You eat lots of food for a noble lady, Starra.
I finger the cake. I was really hungry. The food is very good. And the dancing was causing me to losing pounds...
Rann frowns. You dont have to list reasons for enjoying your dinner, especially desserts. Im amazed that you are not the size of Ira, winking when I chew with my open, rudely. Rann smiles. I hope that I will not be lifting Ira over my shoulders for the next Challenge. I didnt mean to insult, milady. Youre highly unusually for a noble as well as a unique woman in this universe.
I giggle, winking. Are you suggesting that I come from another galaxy, prince?
He smiles. Im complimenting your fascinating talents and abilities. I have never met another woman quiet like you, Starra at least on Sahara.
I nod, chewing with rude manners for the bad insult. Thanks!  I do believe that I still need to prove my value as a bodyguard to you.
I admit. I like your plan. But, Im skeptical. Youre very small in statute compared to any of the noble honor guards, men or females.
Then, Ill show you my secret weapons that make me invincible, giggling, raising my right hand. I wiggle my fingers. Behold, the deadly weapon number one, my nails, creating a claw formation for a feline cat fight. Long, round tipped, sharp, manicured, and painted candy pink, my favorite color, if the occasion ever arises, that you need that fact, giggling.
Rann smiles. Thanks for the finger tip! It has been mentally noted and stored for future reference, winking at me. Finally, some flirting action between us!
I nod, wiggling my claws. I can scratch your eyes out or create showy red blood geometric designs on your perfectly flawless skin. I perform a set of imaginary slicing marks with my right hand of fingers in the air in front of his handsome face. Rann smiles. I nod, saying. Lethal weapon number two, my hands! Small, soft, fragile, and scented with a touch of roses, posing my right hand in the air, still. Rann softly touches it, drawing it to his mouth and then kisses my hand. Wow! Hes still holding my hand, also. I giggle, saying. Tenth degree black belt in karate and expert in hand to hand combat, I can crack your head, break your arm or slap your face.  Rann chuckles when I say. My most extreme lethal weapon number three, my eyes. With one look, glance or glare of my silver sprinkling diamonds, I can mesmerize, enthrall or stop your mental and physical senses cold, staring into his brown eyes. Then, I blink my eyelashes. Rann, are you awake?
He stares into my silver eyes. I think you have mesmerized me, smirking.
I flip my hand from his palm, frowning. Funny, Rann, very funny! Im being serious. Youre teasing me.
He shakes his skull, pouting. Im learning. I never know a womans biological body could be so deadly to a man, chuckling.
I nod, smiling. Now, ya know! Thats the fact, jack, laughing with Rann.
Your wit is quick. He smiles.
You have to be quick to stick around the snobby nobles, giggling. I can tell that you are still questioning my qualifications as your personal bodyguard.

He sips his drink then nods. You are a bit unusual for a bodyguard. Im afraid my Honor Guards could tear you apart. I feel I might be protecting you, instead, if I happen to be attacked, I mean, theoretically inconvenienced, of course, nodding.
I smile. Theoretically, of course, I understand your concern. But, Im the not intended target in the Kings Challenge matches, nodding.
Touch. Rann smiles.

Day 210. Challenge-match-4. Rain. 85% precipitation. 77F. cloudy. evening.
A King has to be creative. Rex stands from his chair when I hang half my body outside the window of my skybox. I watch and cheer along with citizens using my Telekinesis holding my body in place, so I dont fall head first into the bleachers of the citizens, below me.
The MC says, not starring on the comfones. This is a puzzle. You will construct an object with the tools and wood parts numbered from one to thirteen. The numbers do not signify an order. It is to count all parts of the wood which will be used in the construction of solving the puzzle. The goal is to complete the puzzle with all pieces. If one piece is missing, you receive no points. Beauty will not be graded with points, when the citizens and me boo for fun. The MC smiles, asking. Do the participants have any questions?
Do we get a hint of the object? Dirk stands, tossing his arm at the MC.
The MC shakes his skull. No hints! This is part of the test for a Kings mental creativity. The time limit is ten minutes. You may begin your construction, now.
I scan the wood pieces in front of Dirk nearest to my sky box while I kinda overlook from Dirks side shoulder.
The wood pieces are separated by a pole in equal rows and lines on the table. The largest piece is the pole attached to a flat piece of eight inch wood like an upright stand. There are pieces consisting of three, five inched squared pieces; four triangles, five inched square with a round hole cut into one of the edges, a stick, a white flag, and a U-shaped stick.
I stare at the wood pieces accessing my mental sharp mind, a puzzle formation. Then, it hit me, recognizing the object. Im genius, patting my collar bone, mentally.
I connect, link, and Tele to Rann. Bird house!
Too late! He has solved the puzzle too while diligently nailing the object, before the time expires. The comlen counts backwards from eight-minutes and twenty-six seconds.
Bartholomew is on a stream roller. He is nailing, slamming, hammering, whistling, moving, and shifting the wood parts to each other and on the flat wood pole. The Agri Baron is a farmer needing the puzzle formation, a natural object to recognize and construct. The bird house formation and noble receives 50 points. I sigh with excitement.
Im a farmer, too, being stumped at first. I have never constructed a bird house, ever. Ming and his grandson, his great grandsons did. I did not. Therefore, I wouldnt have recognized the raw materials. I sigh with excuse.
Dirk looks completely lost and befuddled. He holds the wood in his hand and scratches his ugly head with the other hand, a royal sight to behold. I laugh. Dirk probably didnt construct a bird houses in his youth, just killed the annoying bird for his evil fun. I sigh with disgust.
Rann is hammering with distraction. He is a natural born natural, not an engineer. Hes very good at making decisions and giving order to get the job done, right.
I give old Rex credit for his royal insight. These selected games determine the new King of the Universe as instructed in the Book. However, they also determine the new Kings strengths and weaknesses. The first match, the riddle demonstrated book smarts, intelligent, and over all experiences of a nobles life.
The second match, dancing is a natural gift for a citizen, either elegant or clumsy. You either got rhythm or you dont. So, the danced tested a nobles determination, dedicated, and commitment from beginning to end of a working plan.
The third match, the horse race showed coordination, courage, flair, style, team work, sportsmanship, and friendship with the animal and companionship with the lady.
The fourth match, the puzzle tests both math and geometrical skills along with common knowledge reflecting the planets and citizens of the unknown universe.
My T-powers ping. Bravery.
The next test is going to be very dangerous for all the participants.
The MC says. The time has expired. Please, place your hammer and nails on the table, when I giggle. Rex does not want to get whacked with a weapon for a disappointed noble for failing the challenge, a wise old man.
Rann didnt finish doing a pretty good job. He had nailed the sides of the walls to the pole. The roof was not finished within the ten minute time limit.
Dirk had cheated looking at Bartholomews bird house. He nailed the walls, together, not to the pole.
Bartholomew constructed and finished the bird house with ease, smiling at Rex.
Excellent, BA. Rex nodding, smiling while shaking his hand.
The MC says. The results of the accumulated tally of points of the puzzle Challenge are as follows. Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita did not complete the puzzle. He is awarded zero points. Baron Bartholomew of Planet Agri completed the puzzle set within the time limit. He receives fifty points. Prince Rann of Planet Sahara did not complete the puzzle and receives zero points, when the citizens and me boo. The MC says. Rann is leading the Challenge with 300 points. Bartholomew has a sum of 250 points. Dirk has a sum of 100 points.
The citizens chant, standing and stomping. Rann. Rann. Rann...

Day 214. noble meeting. Mild. Cool. 67F. morning.
Rex sits, nodding. A King has to be daring. This is a rescue. Your loved one or partner will be stationed at the top of a cliff on the Planet Resort. The vertical distance is 212-feet above the level ground. I sigh with interest.
Rita gasps. Father! she shakes her curls.
Rex says. You will climb to the top of the cliff using natural tools such as ropes, leverages, poles, harasses, picks, but not any bots. Your lady will be perched on the ledge safely waiting for you. Once you reach the top of the cliff, there is a pulley to lower you and your lady onto the rim to the ground.
Father? Rita says.
Rex says. Dont worry! The rim is made of light weight metal. It will not break, bend, fold or shatter. It has the strength to carry a total of 500-pounds. I dont think you will be using that much weight on the rim
Father? Rita says.
Rex says. This is not a timed event. If it takes four hours to complete your challenge, then so be it.
Father? Rita says.
Rex says. There will be a team of spotters on the ground level. The air space is restricted to flying bots. Nbots will be used to record your activities from the remote comlens. The entire noble committee will be here in the command center with me monitoring your progress and the rest of the citizens in their homes watching you.
No! Ann stands, shouting and shaking her curls.
Ann!? Bartholomew stands, cuddling her, parting his lips. 
Ann frowns. I will not do this dangerous game.
Ann, please. BA says.
Ann fingers her new gown, shaking her curls. I have ripped my dress and pulled a hamstring, already. Now! You want me to break my neck, Bartholomew, exhaling.
He cuddles her, breathing into her hair roots. We can discuss our options later at home, dear.
Ann shakes her curls, flipping her hand. I will not do this.
If you dont assist me, then I will be disqualified as King, dear. BA says.
Ann fingers Rann. Ranns leading the Challenge. Hell win. Hes destined to be King. So, theres your reason for not participating and saving me from a horrible fate, pulling from his cuddle then swings towards the archway. She exits the room.
BA bows then frowns. Please, excuse us, Rex and nobles, back stepping then running out the room.
Father!? Rita frowns, tossing her arm.
Rex smiles at his daughter. Rita, do you have something to say?
Rita exhales, saying. Since, Im partner to the Challenge via my husband, who is a participant in the King of the Universe game. I strongly recommend selecting another game, Father. There are twenty different games listed inside the Book.
He smiles, nodding. The selection is my choice as the Ruler of the Universe, dear. I have selected The Rescue. Each Participant can accept or decline the Challenge in this stage of the Challenge, scanning the faces. Who wants to remain in the Challenge?
I sit next to Rann, guarding him. Im his body guard. I punch his left leg with my right sandal when he smiles, nodding. I will remain, Rex. Brave man!
So, will I? Dirk nods, grinning at Dirk. Chicken shit!
Rex nods. I will get Bartholomews answer, later today. Rosa, please, explain your part of the Challenge.
Rosa smiles. Each lady must pick a color for her outfit to where on cliff top of Resort. So, you can be seen by the nobles and the citizens, preferably a bright color similar to this one, standing and giggling. She wears a neon orange dress with puffy short sleeves, a high neck line, and a circular fluffy skirt.
Dirk chuckles. Ya look like a peacock, Rosa.
Rosa sits, nodding. The design is to protect each lady from the wind and the rocks. The color is for visibility to the comlens for fotos.
I whispered into Ranns ear, She forgot to mention hiding the dropping of disgusting big bird poop, snickering with Rann.
Be nice, Countess. Rann whispers then snickers, again.
Please, choose a color, noblettes! Rosa says, nodding.
Rita says Yellow.
I smile. Pink.
Excellent choices of bright colors, noblettes. You can pick up your gown, this afternoon at four. Rosa nods, standing.

Starras castle.
Welcome Prince Rann, how are you this evening? Hbot drones.
I check the final touches of my new dress, hearing the conversation downstairs. No answer from Rann. He ignores the bot while they recognize him. I am their master. Naw! They are my masters. I yell with a touch of T-power. Be down in a moment, waddling from the bedroom then onto the staircase. I stand, smiling. Ready or not? Here, I come, waddling down the stairs while Rann stands at the bottom of the steps.
He laughs. Ghastly outfit! Who designed that monstrosity?
Be kind, Prince Rann! This is Lady Ritas creation, touching the silky fabric, giggling.
She should leave the designing to Su. That man is a real master, Rann nods, laughing with me.
We waddle towards the Kitchen.
I slide into the table when Rann scoots the opposite side of me. Since, he and my dress cant fit on the same side. We dont sit side by side, either, not yet. I am working on it, thou. Rann orders as Kbot hovers beside his face. Hbot, two glasses of iced sweet tea, when the Kbot flies backwards.
I finger the bot. Why does
Rann smiles. I believe strikes of big bird poop would improve the looks of your bright pink dress, laughing with me. So nice! I laugh and joke with the old Rann, acting his old self, again. He nods. I take it back. Su couldnt improve that dress, even with bird poop. I nod, giggling. I am happy to report that BA and Ann are doing much better. Anns the problem. She wants BA to continue the games, but she doesnt. What does she mean by that, Starra? he frowns.
I giggle. Baroness is a spoiled rotten brat. She needs to support her husband. She cannot pretend to be worried about his life while continuing the Royal Challenge. We both know Bartholomew is a well educated and highly intelligent noble. He would not participate in an event that would harm his wife, his business associates, his friends or himself.
I would generally agree with your assessment of Bartholomews wisdom. But, these circumstances are influenced by external forces beyond a nobles normal control, frowning and nodding. You know that I am referencing Dirk. Dirk! He started this messy royal affair. Rex was going to retire with class and give the crown to someone.
You! I smile, nodding.
How do you know that, Starra? Rann frowns.
I view the ceiling, smirking. I know.
Youre guessing.
Look at the candidates from the noble ranks for King.
or Queen. 
I flip my hand. Fine! Or Queen! Ira is too controlling. Dov is too dead. Rita is too much. Dirk is too threatening. Bartholomew is too nice. Ty is too inexperienced. Tok is too mean. Which leaves one candidate, you? You are too perfect, winking and giggling.
He shakes his skull. You left out a noble.
I did. Who?
You.
O! I did that on purpose.
You do not want to be Queen of the Universe, he smiles, nodding.
I shake my curls. I never suggested that. Im the new kid on the block. Im too new, giggling.
He nods. I agree. You are not a familiar face among the citizens of the universe. But, you have gained popularity, very quickly.
Really! Is that good?
Your name and your royal status have popped up inside the clicks around the social circle.
Is that good?
The inner circle of old noblette pea hens and the outer circle of commoners, it is very good.
I thought, being a noble, you were automatically popular.
You have observed Tok, Dirk, and Rita are not liked. Ira and Bartholomew are both respected. Ivy and Ann are tolerated. Ty is admired, earning his new noble title. Hes role model. II am
Loved.
He laughs. I would not use that term.
I wink, smiling. You are loved. You are a true role model and the true King of the universe. The citizens have selected you. After you win the last game, the nobles will accept you as the new King of the Universe, too.
The last game is called The Rescue, a test of endurance, strength, and stamina. I nod when Rann says. The pulley stunt is not going to be easy. I nod when he says How much do you weight?
95-pounds.
He nods. Plus my weight, Ill be hauling 290 pounds onto the rim, raising and flexing his biceps then rubs his left arm.
I frown with worry, staring at his scar from my healing power. Does your arm hurt?
A little sore, he extends the arm then flexes, again.
The cut probably hasnt completed healed to the bone.
Rann views me, frowning. What cut?
I nod, fingering his scar. The one, you got, standing and carrying my empty glass to the sink.
Rann stands, following me. He says with angry. Confess Starra! You know something that you are not telling me.
I swing around facing his distorted expression. I nod. I was there.
He jabs his finger in my face, exhaling. I saw you. Ty saw you. Why didnt you stay at my castle? You have saved my life, twice, holding two fingers, nodding.
I shrug my shoulder with my secret. Dont know, grinning.
He jabs his finger in my face, exhaling. How did you know, that I was in trouble? How did you arrive, before Ty?
I shrug my shoulder with my secret. I had inside information, grinning.
He frowns then says with puzzlement. Inside information from whom?
I shrug my shoulder with my secret. I overheard Dirks plot to kill you, nodding.
He gasps, back stepping from me. Then, he stomps into my face. What!? Dirk planned to kill me. You dont tell me, that my life was in danger, Starra, shaking his skull with an angry face.
I exhale, smiling and nodding. You were under so much stress the game, the challenge, your wife, your child...
Rann back steps then stomps into my face. He growls with angry. You knew. You knew about our baby.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling!
I exhale, viewing my shoes then his angry face. I figured it out. The room was built for a small, not a normal person. It was designed for a baby, nodding.
Rann slicks his hair with two hands, back stepping from me. He exhales, shaking his skull. This is impossible. You couldnt have possibility known about our baby. Viv and I did not tell anyone, anything, anytime
I nod. I saw the room. I slept in the room of a small child. I am
Rann views the tile then me. He stomps into my face, exhaling. I cannot believe this, pauses then back steps. He jabs his finger at me. But, youyou seem to know plenty of information about me. You seem to have access to answers that no one else does. You seem to be a spy. You and Dirk are from the mysterious and secretive Planet Bonita. You just arrived on Commerce, a day, before the War. The War murdered my wife and my unborn child, balling his fists then back steps from me.
I exhale, parting my lips. What are you saying, Rann?
He jabs his finger at me. The first match was the riddle. Youyou told me the answer, three days, before the game. I won. I was the only winner. How convenient? he snorts with amusement, nodding.
I nod, tossing my arms. Yes! I read books, a lot. I told you plenty of jokes and riddles to cheer you up during our horse rides in the afternoon, back stepping from him into the sink.
He jabs his finger at me. The second game was the horse race. Youyou provided me with riding instructions and practices with your horse Apollo. Bartholomew mentioned that he regretted giving you Apollo, the best horse on the farm, nodding.
I shake my curls, exhaling. No! Bartholomew did not tell me that. He said Apollo and Athena caused him big trouble. They needed a home. I gave them a home. Please, believe me, Rann, nodding and tossing my arms.
He back steps, crossing his arms, nodding. The third game was the dance. Youyou are a gifted dancer, nodding then uncrossing his arms, balling his fists.
I shake my curls, parting my lips. I dont ask to be your partner. You asked me. You asked me. I accepted. Remember, remember, Rann. You asked me, nodding.
He nods, chuckling. I remember. But, you flirted. You flaunted. You mesmerized me, fingering my face with fury and angry. I sigh with fear.
I shake my curls. No! I did not. I didnt mesmerize you. I talked with you
He sways side to side, nodding. The fourth game was the puzzle...
I jab my finger into his face, nodding. You dont win. I had no knowledge the puzzle was bird house. You lost. You didnt get any points.
He laughs then frowns. He nods. That is the true plan, here. Is it not? If I won every game, too quickly, then I would arouse, too much suspicious. Then, you would lose your advantage point with me, while spying on me, finger me with fury. I sigh with fear.
I toss my arms, shaking my curls. No! There is no plan. I am not a spy, Rann.
Rann grabs my arms pulling me into chest. He growls with fury. I am going to win the Challenge match, tomorrow, with or without your help, Starra. I sigh with surprise. 
I struggle from his tight grip. Rann! Im not lying. Youre hurting my arms. Please, let go of me, back stepping and nodding.
Rann grabs my hand dragging me out the Kitchen, into the Foyer as I tap on sandals behind him. He growls. You are coming with me. I need you on the cliff top, tomorrow on Resort. Or I will be disqualified as the Participant. Then, Dirk will win, just like he and you have planned. Is that correct, Countess Starra? I sigh with terror.
I back step, twisting my hand from his tight grip. He leads me towards the front door. I say. No! Youre wrong. Im not scheming with Dirk. I didnt plan your death. Please, believe me, Rann. Im telling the truth. Youre acting like a mad man. Please, let me go of me, Rann, jerking my hand from his hand using my Telekinesis. I do not want to injury him with my T-powers. I love Rann. When Rann halts, swinging to face me, sneering. Then, he rams his folded fist into my face. I fall backwards, feeling two biceps around my body while passing out, totally.

Day 215. Planet Sahara. Ranns palace. Hot. Heated. 112F. morning.
I blink my eyelashes seeing. A gold ceiling. I dart my eyeballs to the side, seeing. Vertical bars. I exhale, touching the soft cot of bedding. I am in jail on Sahara, again, whining like someone has hit my skull with a folded fist. My jaw aches. My cheekbone throbs. I sigh with pain.
Rann has a powerful punch. Id have to remember to pay Rann back, today.
I slowly upright at my waist then slap my hands, together. I gently touch my injured face.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Calm. Relax. Concentrate. Focus.
I gently slide from the cot then wobble towards the sink and mirror in the wall corner of my private small jail cell. The bruise is gone. My dark tan covers any hint of a round mark from Ranns fist print. I sigh with angry.
The man hates me for the deaths of his wife and child. I sigh with deep sadness.
The mirror reflects my neon pink dress for the next Challenge, The Rescue. Rann has awesome princely power. If he tells the citizens I am an Earthling, then Id be tracked, pursued, hunted down, and then killed like a wild animal. So, Id silently perch on the cliff top until rescued by Rann. Then, I will quietly reside inside my Ice palace.  My fate is uncertain, starting today.
The spy is awake. Rann growls, when I dart my eyeballs, sideways. He stands at the cell bars, pressing a button. The prison doors slide open when he holds a maser in his left hand, my floppy hat in his right. Move it, spy, waving the maser at me. I need your body perched on the rim. The rules do not specify breathing. Which means you can be dead, Ill still win. Do you understand, Starra? I nod, exiting the jail cell. He growls. Good! Im glad, we are clear on that matter. I stand in front of him when he places the hat over my skull. Then, he grabs my arm. We walk side by side towards an exit door, while he aims the maser at my rib cage. You fly. I know youre on excellent pilot but watch the landing. I dont want the maser to accidentally disrupt.

Planet Resort. Cliff. Challenge-match-5. Sunny. Partly cloudy. 74F. morning.
I gently land on the patches of green tall weeds in a new sleek zipper with a slight tap. Not bad, Rann chuckles, pointing the maser at my head. The weapon kills. This is the plan. Im tucking one maser in my utility punch on my outfit. Ill leave the second one here in the zipper. I will get out, first. I will open the door for you and extend my hand, second. You take my hand and graceful stroll with me to the drop zone for the match, third. You will smile and wave with your free hand. Do not under any circumstances remove your hand from my arm. I will escort you to the cliff pulley. You will wave and smile for the Nbots. At the top of cliff, secure your belt and wait for me to arrive. We will lower to the ground, together. We will exit the rim, together, smiling and waving. We will proceed back towards the zipper in reverse with the same instructions. Do you understand, Starra? I nod. Rann stows the second zipper in the compartment in front of him. He tucks the first maser into his utility belt. The guy exits on his side of the zipper.
I watch him walk in front of the nose cone of the zipper while staring at me with his cold brown eyes. He lifts my hatch then extends his right hand. I present my left hand. He grabs my left arm slightly jerking with pain towards the ground. I maintain my balance, grace, and pose using my Telekinesis to keep from falling on my pretty face onto the tall weeds.
Then, we smile and wave to the circling airborne Nbots. I slowly walk towards the bottom of the brown rocky high cliffs. The mountain is higher than I expect. My heart leaps into my throat. I sigh with danger.
 I glance beyond Rann, seeing.
Ann stands on the rim, waving in a fire engine red dress. Rita wears a canary yellow ghastly design of her own creation while conversing with Dirk. Dirk, the real enemy of the universe, who is trying to kill Rann, Rann is trying to kill me, a very lovely predicament. I sigh with doom.
I watch Rann, squeezing my hand and a maser in his utility belt. This man does not trust me. Im going to be sitting on a 212-feet vertical cliff, waiting to rescue me.
Nobles, secure your noblettes to the rim. The MC says, standing in the tall weeds while Nbots circle around us.
The rim has a long safety belt wrapping around my waist. Rann belts me preventing my falling off the rim during the lift towards the top. The rim shifts to the left then right until the pulley balances with my weight. Rann stares at me looking up. I stare at him looking down, until he is hidden from the natural rock formations. The rim jolts to a halt. I tighten the belt around my waist, while the air cools the rocks, teasing my messy hair twirling around my freckled face and neck. The sun is bright. The heat warms my body. Quietly still, journeying upwards at 212-feet of a vertical height.
My sharp mind floats and drifts with the shifting of the wind currents. The nosy Nbots are gaining attitude while recording the climb for the citizens, who watch on their home comlens. I close my eyelashes, listening to nature.
Rocks tumbles. Birds hums. Leaves rustle .Trees limbs sway. Animals scurry. Bushes swish. Tools pings from Ranns pick axe echoing on the solid boulder as he climbs to the top of the cliff for me. I sigh with fear.
Fast and furious, the tool pings echo with Rann hustling. Im impressed. I open my eyelashes leaning and peeking over the steep rock ledge. I cant see him, yet. The rocks stretch high and wide from the ledge, covering my view. And, I am not going to help Rann using my Tele powers, either. Hes on his own.
I switch them off as negative energy slows my Tele-power from functioning.
Then, I hear. Voices. I see. Baroness Ann smiles and waves to the surrounding Nbots, wearing her fire engine red peacock dress while getting over her fear of the heights and the cliff. I giggle. I adjust my T-vision, Rita stands on the ledge talking with Dirk.
Dirk and she stand on the rim. He had used both arm strength on the pulley and his Tele-powers jumping ledge to ledge. He and Rita would be the first couple down on the ground, receiving 200 points. He will be 300 points behind Rann.
I swing my face from them, closing my eyelashes, lifting my face. The sun soothes my soul when my skin throbs. My ears hear a pop. What the fudge, blinking my eyelashes open. I hear pings of Ranns pike axe. I feel pain of pebble on my skin. I scan the sky, seeing. Nbots pitch a set of small rocks. The little bots, growling. The pebbles hit the rim, the boulder, the cliff, the dress, and my right arm. I grip the nearest rock then aim and fire back the loose rocks on the rock. Nbots in the sky explode into pieces of metal bits falling down the 212 feet cliff side. Too bad! Rann isnt on that side. Well, maybe not! He might just shot me on the cliff and drag my dead carcass to the ground. No one is going to question the new King of the Universe. The Nbots flies backwards away from me. Little monsters, growling, when more rocks hit me. Hey! Stop it! I yell. The rocks are bigger and harder than the first batch. I slap on a T-shield around me then pull the belt tighter around my wrist for my fight. Levitating by Telekinesis and tossing my hands the loose rocks from the sides of the cliff, I hurl them at the three remaining Nbots. One beautifully implodes as the other two junk to the opposite side of each other. What the fudge? frowning. Thats an impossible move for a bot. Some citizen has programmed these bots as Tbot or training bots for attack. I read that datum in the red Book. Dirk! Hes trying to kill Rann but he has decided to test his fighting bots on me, first. I thought you were smarting than that, Dirk, laughing. I T-lift the bigger rocks then T-fire in straight line. The Nbots follow a pre-programmed strategic while dodging in opposite sides. During that Nbot anticipated flight, I expand the width my field then T-smash with bigger rocks hitting all targets with precise accuracy using Tele powers with several loud booms. The annoying trashcans implode, beautifully when Im bombarded, again. What the fudge? frowning and seeing.
Gbots line the bright blue sky, seven feet tall and three feet wide Guard-robots. The robots carried a metal bag around its belly. I T-scan the contents, exhaling. Boulders! I unlatch my rim belt and then roll forward flat on my stomach avoiding the flying objects as the rocks zing pass my ears. I cannot outlast flying boulders. I flip my right hand side to side deflecting the boulders to the side, over the ledge, and away from me.
Hey!? Rann yells. I forgot that hes rappelling up the cliff to rescue me or to shoot me. I sigh with multiply troubles.
I should be a kind soul and warn the man, he might forgive me and let me live. I deflect more the flying boulders then jerk the bags from each Gbot belly and then pitch it 212 feet down to the ground. The machines finally fly away in the direction of the rising sun. I giggle. I sit on my kneecaps peeking over the edge of the cliff. I shout. Rann, stay back! Danger up here. Gbots are attacking me, exhaling, the words sound dumb coming from my mouth.  I sigh with confusion.
Dont move, Starra, Rann shouts and climbs.
I toss my arms, sitting on my knees. Fine. I tried to warn him. I cant help it that the man does not believe me, trust me or even likes me. I scoot closer to the edge peeking for the top of his hair roots, seeing. Nothing. Then, I feel pain along with the sounds of swishes of objects. I tilt to the side avoiding the rock, tumbling forward from the slant of the rock formation sliding on my silky dress. I shift my weight when my legs flip over my head. I fall off the ledge, grabbing the cliff rock with my right hand dangling my body in the air. My shoes are swinging in the wind. Hot thick liquid pours down my back, across my lips, and onto my cleft chin. I sweep the goo from my lips with my left hand, drawing back blood. My blood! Im bleeding. Stang! whispering. A large rock clips the tip of the cliff hitting the rear of my hard skull. My eyesight is failing. Im losing consciousness. I dig my broken candy pink painted nails of my right hand into the hard surface of the cliff. Im not going to make it. Im going to die. Rann wont win the game. Hes going to be very mad at me.
Well! Well! What do we have here? Dirks voice booms over my skull. I see a tall dark shadow over my right aching hand. His boot smashes my hand, scraping the top of knuckles.
Ah, moaning in pain.
Are we in trouble, Countess? Dirk smiles, lifting his boot, when I phase in and out of consciousness. Then, I see Dirks ugly face peeking over the open ledge and then darkness.
Dont move, Starra! Rann shouts on my left. I dart my left eyeball, seeing. Rann is almost to the rim then stops. He anchors his pike axe, the safety cord, and climbing shoes onto the vertical bedrock, staring at me. Then Rann stares up at Dirk. He smirks. Are we having a reunion? Rann chuckles with Dirk.
Not a reunion, a funeral for both you and her, Dirk fingers him then me.
Rann pulls the maser, firing at Dirks left eyeball. Not mine, pal! She told me your plan to kill me.
Shetoldyou. Dirk frowns.
Spies usual betray their masters to save their hinds, Dirk. Rann growls.
Shes your spy. Dirk fingers me, nodding.
Shes your spy. Rann nods, aiming the maser at Dirk.
Dirk smiles, chuckling. I believe, we have a miscommunication problem, Rann. Starra is not a spy, friend or ally of mine. As a matter of fact, I plan to kill both of you at this very spot, nodding then touches his maser under his fluttering robes.
Both...of ...us, Rann frowns, viewing me.
Dirk laughs. I thought, you were smart, Rann. Starra has been saving your life from day one. I dont know why. You are not worth saving in my book, growling.
Rann views Dirk, sneering. Noted for future reference, Dirk.
Dirk nods, raising the maser. You do that. The lovely Countess showed up one day at my doorstep on the arm of Rosa, her cousin from the Southern part of Bonita, supposedly. Since then, Miss Goody Two Shoes has spoiled every plot I have devised in eliminating you, Rex, and the nobles. She finds out then my plan backfires, nodding.
Rann views me, dropping his mouth. You were telling me the truth. Dirk laughs. Of course, I was. But, I cant brag about it now. Im about to die. Im slipping on the rocks to my death 212 feet below the cliff. I sigh with death.
Lies, truth, justice, injustice, the buck stops, here. Dirk lowers the maser when Rann fires at Dirks feet.
Back off, Dirk. Rann yells as Dirk performs a quick two step from the rays hot bolt then slides over my hand. I feel the heat of his sole, the shoe, not his life form.
Be careful, where you aim that weapon! Starras hanging on literally by her manicured pink fingernails. My foot just might slip and accidentally hit her injured hand. Then, its a long way down, baby, Dirk tossing his head, laughing into the wind when Rann shoots the beam at Dirks face, missing due to the angle of his vertical body stance. Dirk ducks and then jumps sideway blocking the wave.
Rann swiftly climbs the cliff, squatting then standing. He runs over the edge as I feel his presence above me. Dirk stumbles backwards from the ray as both men lose their masers. I see the black objects travel down the cliff side. Rann yells. Hang on, Starra! I..., when fists sound with pops then voices grunts with pain. Dirk and Rann are fighting. My ears hear slaps, grunts, and heaves over my skull. I cant hold on to the rock. Im slipping. My fingers are numb. I cant feel my fingers. Im slipping into unconsciousness. Im falling. Im losing concentration. Starra! Starra! Hang on, Starra, Rann yells. I land on the hard rock opening my eyelashes, see rock. Then, I hear the ropes of pulley cart.
The male voice yells. Starra, when I smell the fresh aroma of wild flowers, honeysuckles, and wild strawberries while growing on the side of the cliff. Im not dead, but alive in pain. My head throbs. My arms are numb. My body folds into a horseshoe shape. My legs hurt. Blood spurts from my lips, nose, and ears puddling on the rock. The rock is cool in the shade then the rock is hot in the sun. I shift my arm. Pain! The birds squawk. The wind blasts the rock formations. The metal scrapes on the rock cliff.
Someones moving the rim with the pulley.
Im being rescued. I close my eyelashes. My head hurt. Starra, the male voice echoes in the distance. I open my eyelashes, seeing black boots. Then, I close my eyelashes. Starra, the male voice echoes in the distance. I feel tugging of my dress then hear, tearing of my skirt.
arm, the voice echoes in the distance. I open my gray eyes. I see the metal rim lightly swinging the breeze decorating with pretty colors of white and pink. The fabric is part of my crinoline under my skirt. I close my eyelashes.
concession, the voice echoes in the distance. I feel the pulling of my arms then lifting of my legs.
legs, the voice echoes in the distance. I open my eyelashes, seeing bloody cuts on two kneecaps. I close my eyelashes.
pain, the voice echoes in the distance. I feel the lifting of my body with rough hands and arms. I puff from intense pain, feeling the rim shift forward. The metal is warm under my torn clothes then I feel the sun on my bruised face. Someone stands over me. I hear breathing hard and heaving within his breath. The platform gently swings in the mountain breeze.
I move downward, opening my eyelashes. I see blue sky and clouds. The fall is steady down. I close my eyelashes. I hear heavy breathes and heaving grunts. The sun is hot on my freckles. I am on the rim with Rann or Dirk.
I dont know who win the fight.
My head pounds with pain. I open my eyelashes, seeing. Blue sky and white clouds. I close my eyelashes. The rim sways side to side shocking my nerves into action. I feel pain throbbing in my arms, rib cage, and legs. I hear heavy breathing and heaving grunts. I open my eyelashes, seeing. Brown rocks. I am close to the ground. The rim rocks back and forth from the wind. The pain rescind down my spinal cord into my sensitive nerve endings. I feel warm blood and tingling sensations from my skull bone to my toe bone. Im alive, hurt, bleeding and being rescued by Rann or Dirk. I close my eyelashes, when the rim taps the ground hard. I smell dirt. I open my eyelashes, seeing. Blurred faces. I close my eyelashes.
The voices mutter above me, Starralift, when hand grab numerous body parts of head, arms, neck, legs, shoulders, feet. I am dead, floating in the air.
The voices mutter above me, careful, when I hear grunts. I open my eyelashes, seeing silver metal of a ship.
The voices mutter beside me, okay, then the engines rumble. My body shakes from the rough sensation. I feel a small pin pick on my right arm. The cold fluid attacks the veins of my right hand.
The voices mutter beside me, plasma, when the engines whine into a high squeak for the jump to light speed. I open my eyelashes, seeing. A metal roof, blurred faces with lips moving but faint words.
The voices mutter above me, semi-conscious, when I pass out, totally.

Day 215. Commerce. Starras castle. sunset.
I open my eyelashes, seeing. White walls, white ceiling panels, and a white window pane. I look down on my body covered in pink blankets inside my bedroom on Planet Commerce in my mansion from dead Count Dov and Countess Bea. I sigh with happiness.
Pain, I yell then shift my bandaged left arm. More pain, moaning, when the loud noises erupt from the exterior hallway. The noise approaches towards my bedroom. O, no! Im not alone. Ranns here. I sigh with fear.
Hbot glides at light speed into my bedroom, droning. Countess Starra, you are awake. Good afternoon to you. How are you feeling this glorious day?
I exhale, breathing, again. Not great, growling and feeling terrible from my painful injuries.
Hbot hovers beside me. I sympathize, Countess Starra. Do you require anything? Blankets, perhaps? Food? Liquid? Medicine? Medical services?
I exhale, breathing then gasp. I frown. Why are you so nice to me?
Hbot hovers beside me, droning without the blinking lights inside its belly comlen. I cannot comprehend your statement, Countess Starra. I am available to service your needs. Do you require anything at this time?
Forget it! I mean! Forget, I asked that question, exhaling and touching my bandaged arm.
Bbot has ordered plenty of rest, proper nutrition, and relaxation for you, Countess Starra. Which of these items would please you the most at the moment? Unbelievable! The bot is really nice and concerned about my personal welfare and called me the right royal title. I must be in the wrong castle.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling.
Rann! It didnt take my Teleclairvoyance long to figure out that answer. It had to be Rann. He promised to re-program the bots for me. He did it. Therefore, Ranns alive.
I couldnt see the twin body action above me on the cliff ledge, but I could hear fists whacking flesh and bone. I giggle when pain rescinds throughout my body. I stop giggling and shifting. The vision of Ranns hand punching Dirks nose invades my mind when I giggle. Hurt, whining and holding my arm, frowning.
Do you require the medical services of Bbot, Countess Starra? I can comfone medical personnel, immediately. As a matter of fact, Bbot is residing with Ambassador Ty waiting for your medical report. I am to report when you have awakened from unconsciousness.
No! I yell then feel pain. I hold my arm, exhaling. Do not report me, yet, cringing from the pain, again.
Hbot drones. I must. I have specific orders from King Rex, the ruler of the universe requiring an update of your medical condition. It requires hourly updates.
I whisper for my ears, only. Now! Everyones concerned with my well being, exhaling.
You have received numerous comlen texts, comfone messages, citizen callers, floral bouquets, and well wishing gifts, Hbot fingers the walls. I see. There are flowers in boxes, in vases, and in arm bouquets lining the newly constructed book shelves on the west wall of the room. The south wall holds wrapped mystery boxes of colorful bows, ribbon, and flowers. There are happy greeting banners, balloons, and streamers on the east wall. The curtains are pink.
I frown at the new pink curtains. When I arrived at my castle, uh...What time did I arrive here? 
You arrived at your castle at three in the afternoon.
When I arrived at my castle, three in the afternoon, today..., exhaling and viewing Hbot. Hbot, please include every single detail from your database about my arrival into the castle at three in the afternoon. Do not leave any word or action from your story. You may begin, growling with pain, not smiling with fun.
Hbot drones. Prince Rann of Planet Sahara entered your castle this afternoon at two forty-five in the afternoon. He barged through the double front doors of your castle causing the wooden doors to hit the foyer wall with flair of intense aggression. He appeared sunburned on his face, arms, chest, and legs along with numerous red bloody cuts, black and blue bruises, and pink scratches presented in horizontal, vertical, and diagonal geometric lines across his face, arms, legs, and upper chest. He wore a bright blue rock climber uniform torn at the sleeves, chest, and legs with scuffed black hiking boots. I giggle at Ranns typical style flair and intense aggression. Then, I feel pain, not giggling. Hbot drones. Prince Rann shouted All bots come here. Hbot imitates Ranns voice from the comlen speaker constructed within its comlen belly when I laugh then grunt from pain. I sigh with pain.
It sounds just like him, smiling and nodding. Wait, Hbot! Just show me the comlen tapes from two forty-five in the afternoon to present. I can visually see the action without the verbal commentary.
I do not have any comlen tapes. Countess Starra.
Explain?
My bot comlen requires activation from the new noble, Countess Starra.
I frown. Yeah, right! Please, continue.
As you wish, Countess Starra, Hbot drones. Prince Rann ordered Bots, hold the doors open for Countess Starra. Shes injured. I called all bots to the front door by the using internal communication emergency command system for the remaining robots to fly to the foyer. Presented ready for service to Prince Rann were Wbot, Knot, Pbot, Sbot, Mbot, and Ybot. The robots held the doors open. You were carried into the castle on a hovering medical cot at three in the afternoon escorted by four Bbots, Ambassador Ty and Marquis Tok. Ambassador Ty entered the foyer and then ran up the stairs searching the bedrooms. He was making loud noises by slamming open the doors and closets. He appeared to be searching for something. He did not explain the reason for his actions. Marquis Tok entered the kitchen. I did not see what he was doing, when I giggle then feel pain.
I smile. Hbot, they were checking for invaders.
Countess Starra, there are no invaders in your castle.
Yeah! I know. Please, continue.
Prince Rann stood beside your hovering medical cot. Your eyes were closed in an unconscious state. You were breathing in a heavy state of sleep. You had combined pieces of pink fabric from your game outfit and white crinoline stripes wrapped around your head, your hands, your left arm, your rib cage, and your left leg. Your pink skirt was torn down the middle and mangled with red blood, beige pebbles, white sand, brown dirt, and green grass as the same for your hair. Your face caked with red blood and white sand. Prince Rann gently held your right hand staring at your face.
Too late, moaning.
Do you have a question, Countess Starra?
Please continue.
Ambassador Ty jumped the top row of steps and leaped onto the third steps and so forth until he reached the bottom of the stairwell. He is very agile and athletic. I must state, when I giggle, smiling. Tys a very nice looking gentleman. Hes very strong and well built. I remembered that he used to play in the deadly and dangerous Game. Hbot drones. He ran down the third row of stairs with rushed breathing yelling all clear, when Hbot imitates Tys voice. Bbot 125 spoke, Place the patient in a lower room for better ventilation and quicker access for medical attention. He pointed to this room which you are presently occupying.
Wait! I didnt decorate this room.
Precisely, Countess Starra! Marquis Tok emerged slowly from the kitchen standing behind Ambassador Ty. He ordered, Sbot and Ybot, bring a bed frame from the second bedroom on the left for Starra and place here. They stood outside the door way watching Sbot and Ybot move the bed frame. Bbot 125 spoke, Move the patient in here. The hovering medical cot moved into the lower room with Bbot, Prince Rann, Ambassador Ty, and Marquis Tok following behind. Bbot 125 spoke, again, Move with great care, Countess Starra from the cot to the bed. Bbot 156, Bbot 278, and Bbot 675 obeyed. The biomedical robots held your bed sheet on the right side of the bed and Prince Rann, Ambassador Ty, and Marquis Tok held the other side. The medical team lifted your unconscious body from the having cot onto the bed with in a very gently caring manner. You did not awaken from the lifting after being placed into your new bed frame. Prince Rann, Ambassador Ty, and Marquis Tok moved away from the bed. Prince Rann ordered, Find every pillow, towel, and linen. Ambassador Ty left your room in a hurried pace. Marquis Tok ordered, Hbot, follow me. He walked to the foyer where the remaining bots of the mansion stood, waiting for additional orders. Marquis Tok commanded, All bots follow me to my air ship. This way! I, Wbot, Ybot, Sbot, Kbot, and Mbot flew out of the foyer of your castle and landed onto the carpeted floored of the black air ship. Marquis Tok closed the air ship doors. He ordered his Pbot to fly the ship to his castle on the yellow cobblestone street. Pbot stopped the black air ship. Marquis Tok opened the door. The service bots of the Ice mansion exited the black air ship onto the gravel driveway of the castle of Marquis Tok
I yell then cringed with pain. Wait! Stop! Me?
I did not see you, Countess Starra for 149 minutes. I left you in the lower room at your castle with Prince Rann holding your right hand.
Stang! What? I yell then cringed with more pain, frowning.
You should not use that word, Countess Starra. It is not proper for a noble lady.
Stang, really!? frowning at the bot. I cannot believe a talking trashcan is telling me what or what not to say.
You are not in a good humor this afternoon. Are you, Countess Starra? Do you require medical attention? Bbot recommends plenty of sleep and proper nutrition for maximum well-being. May I get you food and a beverage?
No. I yell then cringe with pain, exhaling.
As you wish, Countess Starra, do you require any for my services at the moment?
No! Let me think. 149 minutes. There are 50 minutes in an hour. You left a three. Thats four and five in the afternoon and 50 minutes. What time is it?
The comlen reports six ten in the afternoon.
I frown with puzzlement. Six ten in the afternoon, you just returned from Lads castle eleven minutes ago.
You are correct, Countess Starra. You are very good in mathematics.
What were you doing there?
I, along with your other mansion bots, was deactivated at three twelve in the afternoon. I was reactivated at four forty one in the afternoon.
I moan. I get it. You were updated with new bot applications and software. Why didnt you just say so, Hbot? Stupid annoying bot! I lift my arm feeling pain.
As you wish, Countess Starra. Hbot drones that lovely phrase which is becoming annoying to my delicate ears. I sigh with annoyance.
Back to me! You have no information about me during your absence from my castle.
I do not Countess Starra. I am sorry for not being able to address your important question.
I exhale feeling more pain. Forget it! Who was with me when you entered the castle at six in the afternoon?
Prince Rann of Planet Sahara.
Ask a simple question, you get a simple answer, giggling then feeling pain.
As you wish, Countess Starra. Hbot drones that saying which is really getting on my stressed nerves.
Details? I yell feeling pain.
As you wish, Countess Starra, Hbot drones. I entered with Marquis Toks starship
Okay! Okay! I got that part. What about the story with Rann in my room?
As you wish, Countess Starra, Hbot drones. I returned with your other bots. Prince Rann turned and asked Marquis Tok, Were they repaired, Tok? Marquis Tok responded, I used my best tech programmers and the best application that currs could buy. These bots are fast, efficient devoted, committed, reliable, safe, and will be very, very nice to attend Starra. Theyll serve her ever need with pleasant, kind, and curious behavior. Prince Rann smiled, Good work, Tok. I appreciate your help. My pleasure. Tok nodded, If Starra needs anything, please contact me, immediately. Prince Rann nodded, I will. I dont think there is anything else we can do but patiently wait for her to awaken. Marquis Tok asked. When will that be? What did Bbot say? Prince Rann told. Bbot advised us to observe her while she sleeps. Starra is in excellent health, except for her concession and broken bones. Her body will heal in time. Prince Rann sighed with deep emotion in his voice. The bot thinks Rann is a good man, not I. Hbot drones. Marquis Tok spoke, Of course, I will see you later at the party. Prince Rann shook his hand. Marquis Tok left the room. Hbot, Prince Rann shouted. I appeared before the noble. Prince Rann of Planet Sahara, how can I be of service? He ordered, Report to Bbot each hour on Countess Starras medical condition and to King Rex when the Countess awakes from rest immediately. Do you comprehend my commands? I responded. Yes, Sire, Prince Rann of Planet Sahara. Prince Rann touched your right hand then your face with his hand. He left your room and your castle. Hbot stops.
Just great, growling.
I have concluded the story, Countess Starra. Do you require, Hbot drones.
Go! I jerk my arm up feeling intense pain.
As you wish, Countess Starra, Hbot drones and hovers. May I ask you a question, Countess Starra.
What!?
There are numerous comlens, Hbot drones.
Yeah, that. They need to be answered, holding my aching arm.
Not all the messages, but the callers are requesting a visit with you.
I bet they are.
I cannot comprehend that statement.
Hbot, report to Bbot that Im fine. I do not feel well enough for receiving guests, tonight, but I will see one single solo visitor, tomorrow.
Pardon me, Countess Starra! I understand you did not want any visitors until tomorrow. How does the word spelled out as f.i.n.e apply to your medical condition?
I smirk. It translates for your electrical circuits as yes.
F.i.n.e means yes. I require more information regarding your medical condition. I sigh with annoyance.
I am alive, breathing, and awake.
You answer is satisfactory.
Hbot, I command you to follow my instruction step by step for callers requesting a visit with me tomorrow. Dismissed!
As you wish, Countess Starra. Would you like for me to serve your dinner now? It is seven in the evening.
No.
I would like to remind Countess Starra. Bbot ordered proper nutrition as a medical recommendation for your healing process.
Im reminded. Now, shoo!
I cannot comprehend your statement, Countess Starra.
Be gone! I yell feeling pain and seeing Hbot fly backwards from my bed frame. Im definitely not in good humor this evening. Thats has been the longest engagement period with my bot, the easy part. Now! I face the hard part. I sigh with pain.
I see the wrapped bandages from my torn pink gown with an additional bandage cloth on my neck and a knee brace. My left arm and leg are plastered in a cloth caste holding the bones in place perching on two pink pillows. Im comfortable and slightly elevated for viewing the closed window, the end of the bed, and half the wall, not the floor.
I shift my upper body into an upright position. The movement causes intense aching sensations scurrying up and down my body like a set of mice pads or cat claws or eagle tendons or a hundred lightning bolts. So, freaking, pick one and feel my pain, baby! I swing my skull left when my eyeballs flutter. My stomach convolutes and my neck hurts. Dizziness over take my clear eye vision. Concession Heal one body part at a time.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The dizziness and tightness vanishes from my skull. I shift my skull back, forth, side to side, and then up and down. Working, again. Whats next? I shake my left arm. The cast is well constructed by Bbot. But, I did not need a cast. I pull the dirty wrapping from my bandaged left arm using Telekinesis. My arm was broken in three places starting from my upper shoulder to my wrist using a quick T-scan. My muscles and nerves are functioning with a little movement. I T-zap each bone back into formation inside the arm using my Telemetabolics. The white marrow particles in my blood stream float back into the fracture. The cracks shift and connect back into the bone. I repeat two more times on my leg. The bones are healed. Using my Telekinesis, I un-wrapped the cloth from my left hand, arm, leg, and foot cracking the soft plastic shells then allowing the object to fall over the clean floor. I toss the pillows onto the floor then replace the dirty red bloody red dirt covered bandage back on my healed arm and hand. I giggle and wiggle my healed arms and hands up and down, and side to side then repeat with my leg and foot, smiling. I sigh with healing.
I raise my bandaged right hand feeling the pain invade my nerve endings. I recalled with clarity desperately holding onto the edge of the cliff formation with the strength in my right hand digging my pink painted long fingernails into the hard rock, before falling on my left side. Then, I broke my left arm and leg. My pink painted nails are completely missing. Each fingertip is shredded down to the white bone caked with dry blood and red sand. My thumb looks alright but is jammed and throbbing with pain. The wrist and the inside of my lower arm are lined with deep red cuts, torn brown skin abrasions, and black bruises from banging the rock edge.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I feel the muscle, veins, and skin re-growing and mending within my fingers, my inner weak arm, and my twisted sprained wrist. I allow my arm to absorb as much as Tele energy as possible. I open my eyelashes, seeing. A new covering of light colored skin. I T-wrap the dirty bandage over my hand, smirking. I sigh with tenderness.

Ill apply a few more sessions of healing touch to my right hand, wrist, and lower arm for maximum strength and mobility, tomorrow. I have to conserve my Telemetabolics powers for the other severe injuries consisting of sore muscles, torn tissue, black bruises, red cuts, and pink abrasions
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Using my Telemetabolics, I mend, repair, patch, and restore all wounds to their natural biology health on me, giggling. I smile feeling much better, physically. I cannot say the same, mentally. I sigh with annoyance.
This healing process is going to take some more days, before I can use my extremities, without pain. I finish all the Telemetabolics work that I could handle, now. Im weak and drained. I dare not use any new muscles or limbs with new skin just yet. Bbot is correct. I need plenty of rest, proper nutrition, relaxation, and a little healing trance for the rest of the night. I will be almost to my natural perfect self by tomorrow afternoon. I giggle feeling no pain. I sigh with relief.
I feel safe and secure. Tok has fixed the bots, obeying my commands and nice to me.
I learned from my intense and long conversation with Hbot. The robots have an added bonus. The machines are programmed to kill any invaders, if they dare to enter my castle. Too bad! Rann wouldnt try to break into my castle, being still mad. If he had believed me when I was telling the truth, then none of this would have happened to me. Dirks attack was a total surprise for me. I was still upset with Rann for calling me a liar, holding me against my will, and hitting me in the face. Then, I tucked my T-powers into my sub-conscious, not scanning for trouble. I sigh with fury.
Ill never forgive him. He was wrong, angry, crazy, and mean. Rann can be King of the Universe. Cuz, honey, I dont never ever want to be Queen of the Universe as long as he reigns.
The door sounds with a light knock. What, bot? growling.
Hbot hovers inside the archway, droning. Queenetta Rosa of Planet Commerce has inquired about your health. She wants permission to visit you at one in the afternoon. She also instructed me to record the comlen for the activities from todays announcements from King Rex.
I grit my teeth, then hiss like a snake, then puff like a dragon. Note: dragons aint real. I growl.
Tell Rosa! She can come at one in the afternoon, only her. No other noble or noblette. And, you, Hbot betta follow my royal command or else, growling. Rann had the robots re-programmed for pleasant, kind responses. So, it will follow my nasty order for once in my life, since entering this misery castle and this misery time line. I sneer, tossing my fake bandaged arm. Well! Play the stang dang comlen recording.
Hbot slowly flies to the edge of my bed railing, pressing a button on its belly. The comlen shows King Rex dressed in his purple garb complete with robes and crown, saying. This is a very special occasion. I am very excited and very happy to announce the new ruler of the universe and winner of the challenge is Prince Rann of Planet Sahara.
The picture zooms. The citizens clap, shout, yell, whistle, and finally chant in union, Rann. Rann. Rann. Rann. Rann
Stop! I yell, tossing both fake bandaged arms then finger the comlen Hbot pauses the recording when I growl. Is there more footage of Rann?
This is the only foto of Prince Rann of Planet Sahara in the special announcement tapes from King Rex.
Close it, tossing my arms when I view the open window with puzzlement.
Hbot hovers, droning. I must point out that your name was mentioned in the comlen recordings.
I view the pretty row of wildflowers, sneering with ugliness. First time for everything.
I cannot comprehend. Hbot drones.
I sneer at poor Hbot. Just play the section, where my names mentioned, darting my narrowed eyelashes to its belly.
As you wish, Countess Starra, its belly blurs beeps.
The comlen plays when the Reporter says, smiling. Our new Ruler of the Universe will hold the Royal Coronation Parade on Festival Day. Prince Rann will be crowned the new Emperor of the Universe during the Game halftime show...
I whisper for my ears, only. Emperor, instead of King, youre ambitious. Arent you Rann?
The comlen plays when the Reporter says, smiling. One of the new changes for our new boss is his Royal Coronation vehicle designed by Marquis Tok of Planet Tech World, a gift for his noble friend, a Royal sparkling silver chariot A really cool ride for a really cool guy, winking at the camera. The chariot is plated with white steel panels embedded with strands of silver and inlayed with diamonds with a Royal curr price listed in the millions. Prince Rann will use real horses to pull the chariot creating a new flair and style in the old march of the noble parade of the past towards the Game stadium. The cavity is designed to hold two citizens with comfort and ease. This Reporter wonders, who might be the other occupant in a chariot built for two, giggling. My bet is on the beautiful and mysterious Countess Starra.
Stang! yelling and tossing my arms and legs in fury.
The comlen blackens. Countess Starra, please do not use that word, it...
Shut up, Bot! Replay that recording, now, growling and fingering its belly.
One of the new, the comlen repeats.

afternoon.
The door chime sounds with a nice fluting ting when I hear inside the Foyer. Welcome Queenetta Rosa of Planet Commerce to the castle of Countess Starra. She has accepted your invitation to visit. Bbot has requested your visit to be limited to fifteen-minutes or less. Countess Starra needs plenty of rest, proper nutrition, and relaxation to recuperate her full maximum health status. Hbot finishes when I giggle. It lectured my rehearsed programming for Rosa and the other noble visitors to my castle today, tomorrow, and the rest of the days until I leave my palace.
Starra, please, Rosas voice echoes with fury. I dont think shes impressed with my pre-planned and practiced Dont Overstay Your Visit with Me-speech. I giggle.
Follow me, Queenetta Rosa. Hbot drones, when I hear footpads on the stairs.
Rosa fills my wide archway and my kitty-cat curiosity with her arms of presents. I sit upright inside the bed dressed in a pink sundress with ruffles. I have placed a cloth brace on my left arm and left leg adding more pink pillows for drama while elevating my arm and leg for show. I smile being totally healed, except for my right hand. I believe one or two more healing touch applications then the pain will be gone, foreverly.
Hbot hovers against the wall, droning. Queenetta Rosa, do you
Rosa views me, frowning. A chair, Hbot now, when Hbot flies sideways then backwards into the hallway. Rosa waddles to my side, frowning. My dear, you look so pale and skinny. Are you eating? Hbot slides the chair under her butthole when Rosa commands. Hbot, get Starra her lunch, immediately.
Queenetta Rosa, Lady Starra has not ordered lunch. As a matter of concern, she has not... Hbot drones.
I frown. Leave us! I feel cranky and moody, not wanting a pleasant conversation with Rosa. Hbot flies backwards as I watch, giggling. I view Rosa.
She holds my wrapped and un-damaged left hand, exhaling. Starra, Im distressed seeing you this way. I bring gifts and good news to cheer your spirits.
News! I frown then jerk my arm from her gripe.
She smiles, nodding. Rann won the game. He is going to be crowned on Festival Day. All the nobles and citizens are happy and excited about the upcoming events with balls, dances, banquets, parties, and the Pre-Coronation Ball on Jubilation Day, the Royal Coronation Parade, Ceremony, and finally the Coronation Ball on Festival Night, nodding and patting my bed. How are you feeling, my dear? she frowns.
My hand hurts, hugging my right hand, frowning at her.
Have you used your healing power of Telemetabolics on your wounds?
I hold my right hand, pouting. Yeah! Three times for my hand, it still hurts.
She holds and pats my healthy left arm. There! There! This is only Monday. The Royal Coronation Ball is four days from now. You have time to heal your hand. I hear a lecture coming. Heal it and go to the ball and dance the night away with Rann. I sigh with fury.
Rosa betta get to the meat of her scheduled conversation, before I break the delicate bones in her hand with my mighty T-powers. I definitely recall that Rosa possesses the inmate Tele powers of Teleclairvoyance, the seeing talent, and Telekinesis, the moving gift. She cant heal her person or me. Im in a really nasty humor, today. I need another catnap. She nods, smiling. All the nobles are eager to see you, especially a certain handsome and daring fellow that would brighten your day. I bet, nodding. However, I agree you should limit your guests to four or less per day. I will work a schedule with the nobles for visitation times and days. I have taken the liberty of designing your Royal Coronation gown, giggling. Well! The design was Ranns idea. He suggested Su, his personal designer. He mentioned Su also had your measurement and personality cataloged for future events, giggling and nodding.
I growl, gritting my teeth. My measurements and personality cataloged.
She pats my hand, nodding. You and Rann are two of kind. The Earth expression is: two peas in a plantation pod. Now! I know the true reason for her visit. Rann told her something about our fight the night before the challenge on the cliffs located on the asteroid of Resort. I know that Rann is an Earth buff. He would have shared these sayings with her. She wants me to give her details about that night. No way! She smiles, nodding at me. I must confess that I am worried about your recovery. I wanted to check on your medical condition, but I have to ask you something, when I just stare, not smiling. Rosa frowns. Rann feels terrible, no, guilty about your attack. He told me in confidence that it was his fault. You warned him but he did not listen. You were attacked by Dirk and almost killed. O! I understand. Thats how he worded it. The truth and lies are rising to the subject. Rann probably didnt bother to mention, he wanted to kill me, first. She smiles, nodding. From the start of The Rescue match, Nbots were focused on noble Participates of the match, not the noblette ladies on the rock ledge.
I frown, nodding. I saw Ann covered in Nbots.
She nods, smiling. Bartholomew had personally purchased the news bots specifically for the event to ease Anns weary psychology mind. The comlens were empty, giggling.
I laugh. The first good joke, Ive heard in a long time. Poor Ann!
Rosa frowns at my vile and vicious, saying. During the match, Dirk had climbed the cliff faster than the other nobles. He reached Rita, activated the pulley, and then lowered them to the ground. The Nbots recorded Dirks climb, rescue, and recovery. He received the 200 points. But his efforts were worthless. He was losing the game by 100 points. Only if, someone could be eliminated in this round, he would win, when I gasp. She knew Dirk was planning on killing Rann, doing nothing to stop him. Rosa nods. We both know how Dirk reached Rita, before anyone else. Dont we Rosa? He used his Telekinesis. After Dirk and Rita were interviewed, the Nbots switched and showed Bartholomew. Bartholomew was struggling with his climb on the steep mountainside. Bartholomew is a very large man...
I frown. He and Rann are about the same height and built. Rann did not have difficulties.
Bartholomew is also uncoordinated and afraid of heights.
I laugh, nodding. The second good joke for the day. No kidding!
She frowns. Bartholomews chances were shrinking due to his phobia. Rex ordered all Nbots monitoring on Rann. He was working hard climbing one foot at a time to the top to rescue you. Rex and I predicted Dirk would plot an attack on Rann. The Prince was winning the game. He was going to finish The Rescue. If all the citizens were focused on him climbing the cliff, Dirk would never harm Rann. You can see my dilemma with Rann. He feels guilty. However, this is not his fault, when I gasp. Rosa believes Rann is innocent of any wrongdoing. She says. While I was watching Rann, you were being attacked by Dirk. I did not ever see you on the comlens. I thought you were safe. She feels guilt, too. No one was protecting me. I can take care of my person with my great awesome T-powers, the mighty alien. And, I dont need any bodyguards like the true nobles have and use in the universe. As a matter of fact, I never had the real privileges of a true noble, here. This explains the visits, the gifts, and the guilt. She pats my hand, saying. I can see and tell that you are not feeling well
Geez! What gave it away my broken bones or my nasty humor, Rosa?
You dont have to be rude, Starra. We
I growl. Who knows about the attack on my person?
including you, four nobles.
I dont need my T-powers for that listing. Rex, Rosa, Rann, and me. I exhale. Dirk is dead.
Truly dead? Rann told he punched him in the face and then Dirk fell off the cliff to his death. Rosa nods.
I growl. Was there a bleeding dead body?
Starra!?
Well, was there a
Rosa nods. Starra, the cliff measurement from that angle is 250 feet down towards the ground level. Even with his gifted Telekinesis, Dirk could not have survived and neither could you, young lady, frowning.
Ouch! That hurt old woman. You dont think I can survive a 250 feet drop from the side of mountain. Wait! Let examine the facts! I was pelted with rocks then tripped dangling on the side of mountain with my fingernails. Then, I fell onto a boulder tea table ridge. I survived, smiling and nodding.
She smiles. You had an accident. Rann rescued you.
I drop my mouth then close it, smirking. Youre slick, Rosa! Im not to reveal the attack.
I want you to swear that youll not mention this to anyone, ever. Rosa nods, smiling.
I smirk. Stang! I swear, giggling.
She parts her lips. Starra! Do not say that word ever, again within my hearing.
I giggle. Which word? Stang, or swear?
She stands, frowning at me. You are not feeling well. I suggest more rest and eating a hearty meal. Enjoy my presents! Good day, Starra. I will come by and check on you tomorrow, nodding with a tiny grin then swings around. She exits my room.
I exhale, whispering for my ears, only. Dirk is not dead. No body but a royal cover up with every body. I sigh with disappointment.
Hbot flies into my room, carrying a tray. Countess Starra, lunch is served, placing the tray over my lap then lifts the lid. I see chicken, rice, beans, hot rolls, apple slices, and chocolate cake.
I stab the dessert then hover my fork, smiling. I consume the big chocolate goofy mouthful, saying. Who ordered the cake for me?
Prince Rann. Hbot drones, when I spit the contents all over the plate, the tray, and the blanket. Countess Starra, how disgusting? Where are your table manner and noble etiquette? Hbot lifts the tray when I clean my mouth with the napkin. Hbot drones. Look what you have done? Your food is contaminated, it flies backwards out of my room. I sigh with disgust.

Day 218. Starras castle. sunny. 78F. afternoon.
Welcome to the home, Hbot drones when I giggle the recited program, again.
Dismissed, Ranns voice echoes inside the Foyer when I exhale. Rosa called me three times to tell Hbot that Rann was coming to visit with me like I gave a stang sting.
As you wish, Prince Rann. Hbot drones when I hear footballs moving fast and furious up the stair. I sigh with fury.
Rann had Tok program all my bots for his personal commands as Emperor of the Universe. The same robots roam my castle with his commands. I sigh with more fury.
Foiled, again! I cannot get around this guy. Hes in every place and with everybody. No wonder, Dirk couldnt kill him! Rann is always one step ahead of the competition, me and Dirk. But, not today, I reign in my castle, emperor. I sigh with evil.
I have rehearsed and practiced my prepared Get Out of My Life-speech, since awaking four days ago from my accidental fall. Yeah! The accident! I sighed with extreme fury.
Rann fills the archway, smiling and nodding. We did it. We won, Starra. His overwhelming mental and Tele-thoughts are bombarding my mind with too much positive feelings of joy and happiness. And, his last T-emotion feels like love. Too bad! Im not feeling joy, happiness or love. And I dont have my silver dagger hidden under my pink fake bandages either. Too bad! Rann stands here in flesh and bone, being ecstatic with delight of his victory. He is the solo Ruler of the Universe, now. He stomps inside, standing at the edge of my bed, smiling and nodding at me.
I purse my lips, saying in a dull flat soprano monotone. You have won. Congratulations Prince, King, Emperor Rann, Your Royal Highness, Your Highest Majesty, Sire, and Sir. I hoped that I included all your Royal titles, sire. I must apology for missing one, sir. Please, forgive my lack of Royal protocol, also. I have been unable to attend a single noble meeting at the present time. But, I will be available for the next one, sire, closing my eyelashes then bow my chin into my neck. I sigh with numbness.
Using my telepathy, I see. Rann stands, not smiling, frowning or nodding. He got my subtlety serious direct message: be gone, man! I really dont want you here, today, tomorrow or ever.  I raise my chin, not smiling. He exhales, saying. Please, pardon me for such a late visit. Rosa is an overprotected lioness on your behalf, Starra. Shes a taskmaster with your visitation schedule for dates and times. I begged to see you, before this afternoon, but all the slots were taken. Today was the next available opening, grinning. Rosa did that on purpose hoping I would have healed my wounds and my temperament over the pass three days. Im fully healed, physically. My right hand functions, without pain. The fingertips are still tender and highly sensitive both touch and movement, when you have to re-grow bones, veins, muscle and skin tissue in one day. My temperament had mellowed, yesterday. But, upon seeing Rann, I find that all my negative emotions have re-emerged inside my mind and my broken heart. Rann stands, not fidgeting. Emperors do not fidget. He smiles, nodding at me. You are looking very well concerning the massive amount of cuts, abrasions, and bruises on your body. I was very worried about your condition. You have exception healing properties, Starra. Im amazed. How are you feeling?
All my body parts heal fast, except my heart. That organ takes more time, sire. I stare into my dancing eyes, not using my Tele powers. This entire incident is your fault, Rann. If you had believed and trusted me from the beginning I was trying to help you. I was trying to save your life. Instead, you betrayed me. You questioned my trust and honor for exchange of a Crown. You delivered the finally blow, the punch, the kidnapping, the imprisonment, the intimidation, and finally the threat of my life. I was so emotional charged on the day of The Rescue match that I could not think, prepare, concentrate, protect or fight for my life. The only thought occupying my mental emotional charged mind was the death threat on my pretty head from you, the future Ruler of the Universe.
The series of sequential events played out so well for you, not me. Rex ordered Nbots to observe you, not me. Dirk received the first place victory due to his talented Telekinesis from you. I missed that obvious Tele-maneuver. Rosas overconfidence protected you, not me. Dirks unwieldy eternal vengeance and revenge was against me, not you. Well! Dirk seeks vengeance against every noble that stands in his path of glorious power, which is mostly me, not you. And finally, Ranns suddenly developed misguided greed, trust, and justice on me.
Rann clears his throat with his intense emotions and thoughts. The air is thick with two heavy hearts and nosily swallow breathes. In the end, Rann fought with Dirk on the tip of 250 feet mountain. Rann won. Dirk died. So, the story told.
Rann didnt kill me like promised. He didnt leave me stranded on the rock platform for the hungry birds to pick clean my flesh and bones, after I died of inner injuries, heat exposure, dehydration or starvation. Rann saved my life. These options were available to ruler making his first royal executive decision. No one would be the wiser. My life was literally in Ranns hand, that day and the days after. He optioned to save me.
I clear my throat. Emperor Rann, Your Royal Highness, and Holy Sire with respect and honor, please accept my humble and gracious thanks for saving me from the hungry vultures on the cliff. I will be eternally indebted to you for the rest of my natural born days.  For such a noble deed, I do not know how to repay you perhaps a monetary sum of currs will suffice. Or with your kind patience, I might be able to provide some type of service for the Crown at one of the many Royal functions in the future. Nice touch! Rann doesnt smile, not being mad. Hes shocked with my former and elaborate slave girl request. Im a humble and loyal servant of the Royal Court, now. Im not his friend, his acquaintance or his girl, not choosing any of the fore mentioned titles, either. Im a noble until the new Emperor decides to strip me of that title. I will attend the Royal noble meeting, the Games, and Royal functions as required but no more and no least than my noble obligations demand. Rann was clever twisting the conversation forcing me to speak. I have touched a raw royal nerve.
He clears his throat, shaking his skull, missing his new emperor crown. Starra, you are not indebted to me for your life. I do not know what words to offer you. But, I deeply regret from the bottom of my heart what happened to you. I am so sorry, when silence lingers for one, twoten seconds.
I say in a dull monotone, not smiling. Dirk attacked me with all due respect Emperor Rann, Your Royal Highness, Holy Sire. My accident, so elegantly explained by Queenetta Rosa, is my fault. Its bad enough that theres a royal cover up to my furious attack by Dirk and Rann. But, the citizens are being told I had an accident. I accidentally fell off a 212 feet on my own with no one elses assistance, not even a big flapping hungry bird. From this point forward, Im going to called Countess Starra, the Cluck or nicknamed Countess the Clucks, my new unofficial title. I restrain a snicker from my vivid imagination, being in better humor, now.
The strategic subtle non-verbal attacks at Rann are really lifting my vicious spirits. By the end of this conversation, Im going to be feeling great. Im not even using my Telepathy to send messages, words or images into Ranns mind. Im impressed with me. This diplomatic tact stuff really does work to your advantage. Ill have to employ it, more often. Since, Im feeling better, I might try to riding Apollo, this afternoon. I havent done any physical activity all week.
The pink curtain shifts when Apollo appears inside the open window. That horse must a Telepath. I giggle. Animals do possess a sixth sense for survival, weather, crisis, and opportunities. Anyway, the horses had been taking turns peeking inside my room, since I opened the windows, this morning. Theyre concerned about my welfare, probably my only real true friends in the unknown universe. Plus, they like seeing my visitors. I sigh with amusement.
Apollo, Rann smiles, stomping to the horse. Neigh! He rubs and pats his neck, nodding and smiling. My old friend, how nice to see you, again?
Emperor Rann, Your Royal Highness, Holy Sire with respect and honor, if I might propose a suggestion for my eternal indebtedness, when Rann frowns at me. Im beginning to annoy him with my list of royal titles, the royal protocol talk, and the royal eternal indebtedness thing. Its annoying to me, too. I had never followed the official etiquette regarding any royal protocol for any King including Rex, Bartholomew, Dirk or Rann during the past nine time lines. I enjoyed practicing, being my perfect high spirited quick witted conceited selfie. Okay! Maybe, I did follow a few orders from time to time, not very many, especially if it concerned my pretty neck. I giggle. Anyways, I actually have to think what to say before stating a pleasant idea to Rann, here. Its an exhausting exercise thinking this way. I hope the Emperor of the Universe leaves very soon. I need a nap from all my vicious mental thinking. I clear my throat for attention while Apollo rubs his horse hair all over Ranns naked chest. I say. I noticed your new vehicle, the sleek chariot for the Royal Coronation Parade. You can have Apollo as your lead steed for ride. And, please take Athena, as well. Theyre paired together for every event. You can use Boe and Doe, their parents. I would place Apollo and Athena in the middle to pull the heavier part of the steel chariot and the older animals on the ends for a greater balance and less stress on your horses, nodding, not smiling. Good idea! Im a kind person, today. Now! Be gone! I fake a slight grin, without teeth.
Four horses pulling my chariot, I was planning to use only a single stallion, but four mighty steeds are a grand idea. I accept your offer, Starra, Rann smiles, nodding, pats on Apollo, when I nod, not smiling. Rann releases Apollo then faces me. He bows, smiling then walks closer to my bed side. He leans his muscular body onto the silk bed linen, extending his hand. Forget it, Jackass! I do not shift a muscle, displaying my fake bandages and elevated pillows for a horrific visual effect of my injuries to the visiting nobles. Theyll never forget my freak-horror show, yall. I grin, mentally with my victory. Rann says. Starra, pauses. Your visitation time limit is up, pal. I have instructed Hbot and Rosa that the visitation time limit is fifteen minutes or less. I dont have a comlen inside my room, but thirty minutes has passed based on the placement of the sun. He smiles, nodding, hovers his hand, without mine. I hope you will be healed by Jubilation Day, nodding. However, you are not required to attend the Coronation Ball, if you feel unwell. But, I hope you come and enjoy the dancing, at least one slow song. Before I depart, may I get you anything at all? I do not smile or nod, not needing him. There! Now, leave! He nods, smiling while hovering his hand, without mine. Very good! Rosa is a kind but fastidious friend to you and me, both. She has a hand in your coming to visit me. I dont want to give her too much credit, until I can fend for myself. Rann smiles, withdrawing his hand. Very well! I will see you, Countess Starra hopefully at the Royal Coronation Ball. Enjoy your evening, Starra. Rann bows to me then back steps into the hallway, staring at me.

Day 220. Royal Coronation Parade. Sunny. 75F. afternoon.
I stare at him inside his chariot. Rann wears a white vest encrusted with thousands of tiny diamonds showing off his tan and muscles with a strapped hanging robe on his right shoulder. His pants are tucked in a pair of new knee-high black boots with a decorated black sash of colorful pins and medals diagonally across his naked chest. A diamond encrusted crown covers his black hair. Im impressed. Rann appears very handsome and stunning as the role of the universe. Okay! I can look and drool. I sigh with deep jumbled emotions
I scan the citizens, where female citizens outnumbered the males by six to one. I hope theres not going to be a fight. The girls will win. I giggle.
I sit inside a white carriage(ya get the color theme, yall) pulled by four beautiful horses which is driven by Pbot. I aint driving my own buggy, yall. I lounge comfortably inside the thickly padded white velveteen cushion with my arm lying on a pillow. My legs are covered in a white blanket. And, my fat lazy body rests on top of the soft padded bench. I had to abandon the smelly dirty disgusting cloth bandages. Rosa got really nasty, when I showed up with the dirty pink blankets and matching pillows tucked under my arm. Okay! The bed linens were tucked under Hbots mechanical limb. She was ready for me, also, providing a set of clean blankets and three pillows for me inside the carriage. Ya get the royal foto. I sigh with deceit.
The Parade starts with the trumpet chord then a drum roll. My carriage jolts one foot then jerks to a stop while the citizens toss flowers and candy into my float. I smile and wave pretending to have some fun. Some of the younger children decide to ride on the edge of my float. So, cute.
Im a popular noblette when the bigger girls hand long stemmed flowers. I patiently sit in line for my turn to enter the Parade. Pbot gives out pieces of small sized gems and gold triangle currs which have been nicely provided by Rosa, of course, in exchange for my diamond gifts from Rann. Rann rat-tattled on my devious act of giving away my Sahara gems. I enjoy this part of the Parade seeing the commoners from the comfort of a royal seat, not a hangmans noose. I sigh with relief.

green lawns. colored balloons. red building. white outer space comet. yellow stars. semi-purple sky. orange auditorium. Commerce Royal Coronation Ball. 65F. sunset.
Pbot faithfully guides the horses at the end of the cobblestone street then stop at the entrance sidewalk of the auditorium. The door opens, when I waddled down the steps in my tight long dress. I trip on my right sandal using my Telekinesis catching my face. I dont need any more injuries to my delicate body. Ill never get this, being a Lady, a Princess, a Queen or an Empress thing down pat. I giggle.
Inside the dance hall, my personal mechanical Honor Guard Gbot shoves citizens and bots away from me, a present from Rann. Im not happy being here, while desiring my bed mattress for another 20-hours of sleep (Thats Commerce day and night.) The auditorium is overcrowded and smelly. The music is too loud. The dance floor is packed when I trip over a tall citizen, staring at the dancers.
Emperor Rann wastes no time selecting a dance partner grooving his beat of a swift samba. He dances the first dance with Rita. Lady Rita is not dressed in her black mourning gown for her dead husband, either. She shimmies in a fashionable slinky tight chartreuse dress getting over her mourning period, very quickly. I should be dancing with Rann the new Emperor, not her. Dirk is dead. Rita is a widower. She is a true noblette, not fake. I sigh with disappointment.
I look like a noblette, tonight in the diamond stubbed gown and a matching diamond tiara. Rosa has good taste. Strike that statement! Su has good taste. Strike that statement! Rann has good taste designing and paying for my little million curr gown. I sigh with irritation.
I am surrounded by little girls. Geez, I forgot, being known for doling out gem stone presents. I saw repeaters from the last three noble weddings. I touch the edge of one of the many diamonds on my necklace. Rann would kill me, if I gave it away.
The thing is one great big piece of stringed stones. If I loosen the assembly the, then diamonds will all drop onto the floor. A grand showcase, I dont need the attention, now. I cant give away the half moon shaped tiara. It is permanently fossilized in my pretty head with hair spray, hair pins, and my own silver hair strands, without slipping down to my nose or twirling in the direction of the auditorium wall, being whirled and swirled around the dance floor, tonight. If I make it to the dance floor, my admiring fans stare, paw, and scream like little girls
I pull away the tiny diamonds from the arm bracelets, giving to each girl and then the earrings. The heavy diamonds will interfere with my dance partners arms. And, the earrings are pinching my tiny earlobes into numbness. Im too glad to be rid of those items, Ranns gifts. I double dare Rann to ask me, where my jewel is tonight or Liz to insult me, again.
The little girls are shooed away by their mothers and then are replaced with larger girls, not males filling my dance card.
How are you feeling, Starra, the female voice asks in the distance stalking my butthole.
I flip my right glove, hitting nothing and faking a smile. Just fine! So, in about 1,001 years, after Rann is dead then Ill be great.
The female voice says in the distance near my right eardrum. It was just awful that you accidentally fall out that mountain.
I flip my left glove, hitting her gown and faking a smile. Just awful. Yip! I fall off a mountain by myself, without help.
The female voice says in the distance near my left eardrum. Rann rescued you. It must have been divine, sighing with delight.
I flip my hand, hitting her hair, faking a smile. Just divine! Yeah! Divine to fall off a 212 feet cliff almost to my death, I think not. This is going to be a long painful night, without a dance partner and four-inched high heel sandals. Rosa trail blazes a fiery path directly to me at full stream when I scan the ceiling and windows for smoke.
Her Honor guard uses their hands, arms, and elbows clearing a path, when she stops in front of me. Rosa waves her hands at the females. Enough ladies! Please, give the Countess some breathing room. Starra has been inundated with too many adventures during the past week, grabbing my arm, yanking into another direction from the crowd. This way, my dear, viewing a reserved table with my name. Wow! Im a big shot, tonight. There are two human Honor Guards protecting the dishes, the tumblers, and the tablecloth on my noble table. Starra, you are the foto of an Empress. Your gown is magnificent. I could not have selected a perfect design for me. Well! I do enjoy taking some of the credit. But, I had a little help. She wants me to inquire, engaging me into her conversation which will lead to one noble. I sit, tapping my manicured nails on the water goblet. Rosa sits, smiling and nodding. Su, the designer stitched and cut the fabric to match your tiny measurements and added the diamond million curr price tag on the gown. But, Rann, my dear, initiated the original design. Hes very talented. He seems to understand you from head to toe. Wouldnt you agree? She smiles when I frown. I am not going to agree with her, but Rann has good taste in garments. She nods. Rann has flair and style, handsome, intelligent, sophisticated, single, and the ruler, when I knock the glass of water over on the side.
I flip my gloves, narrowing my eyelashes. Everyone knows Rann is single. Look at the Can-Can girls in the lineup, winching at the old Earth term. Can-Can was a French dance, where the girls raised their ruffled skirts over their head for the Frenchmen to get a peek show. The wall is lined with girls waving hankies, flowers, ribbons, and rustling their gowns above the knees, some as high as their thighs. The sight is disgusting to my eyes. All the old married and available men and women are enjoying the display of inappropriate behavior. Im terribly mortified.
If you want to dance with the new ruler, I suggest you get in line
I knock her glass of water over with my T-power, yelling. What!?
Rosa fingers the spilled water to the Honor Guard. The guard cleans it. Calm down, Starra! It was an innocent comment, pressing her gown then places her hands cupped into her lap. She nods. I might add, you have been terribly rude to all your visitors during the week. You should show a little common courtesy. We understand you have been though a horror incident. It is over. You have recovered. I know personally. Your body is completed healed with your powers, whispers out of eardrums of the Honor Guards. It is time for you to stop pretending that you are sick. We both know your true medical health, clearing her throat. Speaking of sick, Rann has been worried and overly stress with his own mental and medical condition. Rann had quite a difficult climb on the mountain in the heat with the elements. Then, he dragged your limp body from the platform to the rim to the ground to the ship to your castle. Rann never left your bedside. Ty, Tok, and Rann escorted you to the mansion searching the castle for assassins. Rann privately told Rex and me that Dirk attacked you. Rita was immediately detained but imprisoned by her father in his castle. The rumors spread quickly. She was distraught over the death of her beloved husband. But, we knew the truth, a little too late. Dirk was trying to kill Rann. All the facts, hints and evidence pointed to Rann, not you. Rita might have tried, if she had gotten the chance to eliminate Rann, if she had escaped. They might have a hired a pair of mercenaries, too. You got caught in the crossfire. I cannot believe you were caught off guard. You saved Rann from every plot devised by Dirk. What happened, Starra? I frown, not saying. She clears her throat. Rann needed medical attention, also. He had cuts, abrasions, and bruises all over his body. He wont leave you. Bbots patched him standing by your bedside. He ordered Tok to remove all bots and upgrade with state of art applications, immediately while paying with his own currs for your protection to a tune of fifteen-million currs, Starra, patting my glove, smiling and nodding. If Rann did not do this for love, then what? Rosa smiles, nodding. 
I clear my throat. Your fairy tale is fascinating to hear, since I cannot verify your information, when she parts her lips. I say. Allow me to continue! Did any one ask me, if I loved Rann?
She smiles, nodding. Your devotion to him with the games, for example, the dance competition.
I flip my glove, nodding. I love to dance. Didnt you see me dance at every Royal function? I am not shy about dancing with anyone. Rann asked me to be his partner. I did not volunteer. The Horse Race, I give Rann riding instructions with the steed. You are thoroughly aware of my background. I love horses. I had purchased the horses, before the Royal Challenge was initiated. Rann is good rider, but Bartholomew is the better horseman. I knew the answer to the riddle and told Rann. He was feeling depressed. We talked. I know things. You know things, future things, too. You can understand, what I am saying. We both have similar backgrounds in that specific delicate sensitive area. During our chat, I told him the riddle. He remembered the answer, nodding. If my deeds of devotion are interrupted as love, so be it. I also knew that Dirk was trying to kill Rann. I saw the signs as well and as a devoted noble and citizen of this universe I took action. I offered my talents and services, free of currs to the future ruler, growling. Dirk has always been on my hit list. He just moved up to the number one position, sneering.
She drops her mouth. Other nobles were on your hit list, when I laugh. She frowns, nodding. I have learned something more about you Starra, tonight.
As far as our little spat last week, Rann never told me that he loved me. He never mentioned the word marriage, before, either.
She parts her lips. Do you love Rann?
I scan the dance floor, seeing Rann. He dances with Liz, the title-less and planet-less noblette. Then I view her. Everyone sees Rann as the legibility bachelor, the last male noble. I am the last female noblette. And, so betwixt us, we marry. Come now, Rosa! This is not a childs nursery rhyme. Is it? She purses her lips when I say. If Rann loves me, he can tell me and pop the marriage question, slamming my glove on the dry spot of the table.
So, I should? Rosa stands, smoothing her gown, swings away from me.
Countess? The bodyguard says into my left ear.
What? I sneer.
Would you like refreshment? He asks.
No! Wait! Yeah! Does Fiss come in a clear liquid?
I can inquire. He nods.
Do that, dude! And, make it big bottle with a bigger glass, giving my first royal order of the long evening.
As you wish, Countess, he bows then leaves my eyesight when I giggle at my royal life of charm and leisure, without Rann.
The music stops as the guests depart from the dance floor. If Rann and Rita have a moonlight dance, Im going to throw up on my lace tablecloth. The MC says. Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce the Royal dancers, when the guests clap.
Xe and her partner Es ran from the opposite sides of the stage and then collided. Actually, she jumps into his posed arms with accurate precision. Im still mad at the female monster. They waltz, fox trot, tango, and then Skipped to the Lou, my Darling. I giggle, forgetting the name of the current dance tune. They perform nicely all over the dance floor.
Countess? The Honor Guard says into my right eardrum.
What? I sneer, seeing. Wes has returned, without a bottle of Fiss.
You have been summed to the Royal air ship. Wes bows then stands. He extends his hand helping me off the chair, when I growl.

Royal air limousine. starry romantic evening. 55F.
Gbot opens the limo door for me. I stand, staring with only negative words bombarding my mind. I really dont want to see him, talk to him or stand within two hundred feet of his body. I sigh with numbness.
I gather my elegant silk skirt into a wadded ball and then flop my fanny onto the leather seat. The air black limo is big and long, holding ten people comfortably and twelve pieces of luggage. He sits on the opposite side of the bench seating near the door, far out of reach of my arm, leg, and entire body spam. Hes tall. Im petite. He doesnt want me viciously attacking before, during, and after our upcoming intense, fierce, and emotional chat. Emperor Rann
Starra, dont start with the titles! I know you dont like using them. Rann purses his lips, not smiling.
I view the closed window between the driver and us. Alone, are we?
Pbot is driving. Rann has deactivated the comfone auditory and comlen visual control inside the limo. Pbot cant hear, see or record us. Pbot is programmed to drive then stop at the next destination point. Gbot slams the door when Pbot lifts the air ship.
Rann stares, saying softly, not smiling. I am so sorry, Starra. I cannot find the proper words to express my sentiments. I was wrong. I do not know how to make up my terrible mistakes that I have inflicted upon you. I do not know what to say or to do. I am ashamed of my behavior. I have never mistreated any one person in the galaxy, without provocation. I cannot believe you have endured such terrible acts instigated by nobles, including me. Ifyou would indulge me for a moment, I want to express my feelings. Or I should say my lack of feelings toward you, Starra, smiling and nodding. Our first encounter, when you performed that amazing trapeze act with the rope. I was stunned with your feat, your beauty, and your charm. But, I had just witnessed the death execution of my wife and my unborn baby. I was numb. Rex explained your abilities as a highly trained warrior from Bonita under Rosas supervision, Starra. After the attack, I was so sad that I had survived. Then, I was mad. Then, I didnt care anymore. We met for a second time at your plantation pond. You were full of life. It was hard not be happy around you. You were funny, charming, and bright. I felt glad to be alive and that I could survive the emptiness, without my wife and unborn son. The third time at the wedding reception for Ty and Ivy, you saved me from the eternal lines of dancing. At Bartholomews wed, I danced with Liz. She is Vivs little sister. Shes a Princetta, not a Princess. She called her title the sub princess of Sahara. Liz and I go way back. I have a past history, Starra. Liz was instrumental in utilizing my skills for a better opportunity on Sahara, but there was no kindness prompting her, only desire. Liz looks like Viv carrying a much stronger personality. Viv was an ambitious princess, as well. She was not satisfied with her minor role as a princess of a Prison Planet. She did want more. After we married and settled into the marriage life, Viv realized that she was happy. I took over the affairs of the Prison which she gladly accepted. I learned from her Father Prince Edo, citizens deserved a second chance. The prisoners made a mistake, but their lives could be full of meaning and hope. I worked hard to continue that concept at the Prison. I felt that I had achieved the status with both the worried nobles and the contented inmates. Sahara continued to harvest stones and minerals from the orange mines, making Viv and I very rich. Viv was an admired and loved noblette. Liz attended all the Royal functions and meetings, occasionally, trying to accept her role in the universe. Liz left Sahara, before our wedding. She hungered for more in a world trapped by tradition and birth privilege. I know that Im revealing noble secrets. But, you would eventually learn of them. Liz moved to Resort, becoming Toks mistress. Every noble knew. Liz was happy. Tok was happy. You saw me dancing with Liz at Bartholomews wedding reception. She re-appeared after all these long lost years. Tok was not happy, either. Nobles are not ruled by honor but currs and loyalty. Since our farewell, I had surmised both. You knew the Sahara sand snakes and spiders came out when there is fresh meat, Starra. When I arrived at Ty and Joys wedding reception, the auditorium was packed. I searched for you, Starra. You have to admit. You are beautiful intelligent, charming, and funny, not prompt, Countess, chuckling when I frown. Rann says. Liz found me like she always does. That girl can read my mind, even when I dont know what I am trying to do, grinning then clears his throat. Rex announced his retired and then Dirk challenged him. The void emotions, I felt were renewed with a new purpose for living, again here in the universe. I could actually become King of the Universe. The Challenge games were intriguing. Didnt you agree, Starra? The first game, I won with your help, of course. I remembered the riddle you told me. I didnt think much of it. You are intelligent. You mentioned you enjoyed reading. It was quite nature for me to assume that you had read the riddle in a book. The second game involved horses. We met on your property near the pond. You had the horses, purchased from BA. You told me so. Then, you let me ride Athena. What a thrill? I did not grow up riding horses like you and Bartholomew. In adulthood, I enjoyed sport hunting which required using a steed in the high country hills of Resort. I rode them, occasionally. I really appreciated your instruction in sport riding for the second game. I did not properly thank you. Youre so easy to talk to and be company with. Our friendship was secure for me, Starra. I, now, realized I had grown dependent upon your advice for the games. You offered your friendship and advice freely with no strings attached. That was refreshing for a noble. You mentioned it, first. You are, too new. You are not indoctrinated into the noble secrets and greed. I couldnt trust any noble to assist me. Tys my best friend promoted from within the rank of commoners. He didnt possess the knowledge that I needed to win the games for the royal title. You did, Starra. The dance competition, we had lots of fun and constant practice. You made the game more like an adventure, the ease of your grace, your lithe body, and your dynamic dance steps. We were going to have fun, put on a show, win and receive the points. Everyone in the universe knew you could dance. At Tys wedding, you danced all night long with me. You were my nature choice for the game. We practiced hard and furious for three days. I was absolutely exhausted from Xes workout. I noticed in the tape, you were wearing your dance practice dress. The elegant fabric was wrinkled. You felt asleep in your clothes, also, Starra, chuckling, when I stare. He clears his throat. Rex and Rosa had forewarned me about the impeding danger. I was prepared. Living in the mansion, alone, I had pre-planned. Rex suspected the earlier attacks on the death planets as an inside job. It was Rex, who re-located the remaining prison guards onto the other planets. I was the bait. I had bots, alarms, and a back up plan. Then, I was attacked during the most critical timing with exhaustion and stress overtook my mind and my body. You showed up. How in the universe you know I was in trouble was beyond me, Starra? frowning at me, when I stare at him. Rann softly says. I placed hidden recording comlens under the flooring and above the ceiling. It recorded your every movement. I did not thank you for saving my life. Ty was on his way, but I could not have survived, without your divine intervention. I tried to hint about my discovered secret, but you did not want to listen, the night of the dance competition. So I dropped it to discuss for another time. He sips the water. Then, I lost the fourth game. My winning streak ended only in my mind. I was leading the game. I had to admit I was greatly disappointed in myself, not figuring out the puzzle was a simple bird house. I started questioning why you had not told me in advance. I had come to depend upon you to solve the answers to the games, not realizing that I really had to learn to depend upon myself, as the new King of the Universe. That was the true test, Starra. So, you see. All these lingering unanswered questions coupled with death threats, daily stress, and personal attacks were weighting heavy on my psyche. Then, you performed an unbelievable stunt, you moved into the mansion with me for my protection. It was almost comical, but I was delighted to have you for company. I did not mention your exploit to Rex. As promised I did not tell anyone our situation, but Liz found out, Starra, pausing when I part my lips. I slap my lips, together staring at Rann. He softly says. I did not deny your visit. I would have been concealing something. There wasnt anything to conceal. Rex found out on Jubilation Day. He did not seem pleased but he did not interfere. I was puzzled. The final test of The Rescue, I was overwhelmed with emotion. The game involved climbing a mountain to rescue a lady. You would volunteer to be my lady. I wasnt worried about your part. You would come through for me, just like the other games. Rex and Rosa secretly told me that Dirk was going to try and kill me. They did not have any details. He was totally insane. They instructed me, not to mention it to you. They had a backup plan. The Nbots were monitoring our progress. I was going to be watched all the nobles and citizens of the universe. That was the overall plan. It would work. I would be safe from Dirk. The day Bartholomew left the noble meeting. I saw him. I was not alone. Another secret, you were never privy to, BAs phobia of heights. Every noble knew. That afternoon every noble was at Bartholomews mansion trying to talk him out of the game on Festival Day. Bartholomew was stubborn and wanted to participate. I tried leaving. I was going to meet up with you at your castle. We were going to fly together back to Sahara. Then I encountered an obstacle, Liz, pausing when I part my lips then close them. I stare at him. Rann softly says. Liz could tell I was distraught. I was worried about Bartholomew, the win, Dirk, and you. She could say the wrong words making me do anything. She did not comfort, soothe or console my worries. She talked about you, Starra, nodding when I part my lips then close them. I stare at Rann. He shakes his skull. I shouldnt have listened, but I did. I was reaching for answers in uncertain times. She was searching for any opportunities. She was not looking to harm you but to dethrone you. Liz figured that you were going to be the next Queen of the Universe. You had provided me with renewed confidence, support, friendship, honor, and love. The entire universe saw this week by week on the Nbots. I cannot deny it. I saw it too with you. Liz pressed me. She asked the wrong questions. I answered the correct responses. I told her everything about you. The conversation was hot. I praised your beauty, intelligence, and humor for helping me. I credited you for my future as King. I told her that I loved you. I was going to ask you to marry me. It was our destiny, Starra, nodding when I stare at Rann. He says. Liz subtly observed that I forgot a fact about you. You are a Bonitian, Rosas product, Rosas warrior, and Rosas relative. You know the Bonita secrets. Rosa and Rex are brother and sister. Rosa was a princess. She married the Lord of Bonita and became Lady Rosa of Bonita. The young couple was happy then tragedy struck. All the citizens of Bonita were wiped out in one night, except Rosa. No one knows the story, but Rosa. She was hated and despised by the citizens, the nobles, and the universe. Rex was both her brother and her King. He protected her. Do you know what happened, Starra? He nods when I stare at Rann. He softly says. The tragic event was before your time and mine. But, some older nobles and commoners have not forgotten or forgiven. Since the mystic incident, Bonitians are viewed as mysterious, powerful, and feared. Liz implanted the same idea inside my confused mind. Rosa trained Dirk. Dirk was going to kill me. Rex had been warning me for weeks. Did Rosa or Dirk train you, Starra? He stared when I stared at him. Rann softly says. The unsolved questions suddenly became filled with the wrong answers. Any and all answers to my unsolved questions, nevertheless. Liz wanted me to take her to the top of cliff replacing you immediately for my safety. I was dangerous to you. Im the target of the plot with you and Dirk. You are Bonitian. You are a skilled warrior. The game was the next day. Liz could wear the ridicule outfit with the floppy hat. No one would realize the switch until she revealed herself, when we were safely down on the ground. After, I had won the Challenge and the Crown. Liz would be a heroine facing the deadly cliff and playing part of the Lady of the Royal Challenge. The citizens would have cheered her as the next Queen of the Universe with no doubts. Liz begged me, Starra, nodding when I stare at him. Rann says. I argued that I could not carry her weight. She was too heavy in the rim. From a technically point of view, you were the best candidate. Youre petite and light. I needed all the technical advantage I could get. Liz was mad, of course.  She cursed and spat on your name. Warning me, Dirk would not throw the deadly punch, but you would. You had trained all your life to do this, just waiting for the opportunity to give your relative Dirk, the title King of the Universe. After I left Liz with my dangling emotions, I arrived at your castle. I was calm and content, again. Her words tucked in the subconscious depths of my retired mind. We talked and laughed. Then, you spoke the wrong words. You asked about the sliced cut to my arm. You knew. You seem to know things, places, people, and acts that no one else, but Dirk knows. You were there at my mansion on the night of attack, but you denied it when I asked. What were you hiding besides secrets or undiscovered plans? You knew about Viv and our unborn baby. No one knew that, but the person, who executed them. My emotions want haywire. I could not control the angry and fear and hate and loss of my family. You knew. You caused everything. You were a warrior. You were working with Dirk. You lied to me. You used me. Then, you did not fight but simply stated that you were not going to participate in the Royal Challenge. You would not play the game, anymore. If you did not sit on the cliff, I would lose. I would lose everything. I would lose everything, again the Crown, the kingdom, my pride, my joy, my happiness, and Liz. Liz was right. Why didnt I see it? I was not going to let that happen, not again. I hated you. But, I had the advantage. I had inside information of your plot to kill me. I had the surprise, the edge, and the upper hand then quickly constructed an idea. I was stunned that you did not fight me or attack me. I had revealed your plan. You seemed, just as shocked as I Attack your opponent during weakness, Rex taught his nobles that battle concept. I attacked. I hit you. You fall to the floor, hurt. I did not care. I was going to win the Crown. I needed you. I could not win, without you. I kidnapped you placing your semi-conscious limp body into my zipper. I carried you into the jail cell. You were secured for the night. No one can escape my prisons, not even you. To ensure my victory, I threatened you. I had seen your warrior skills. Youre a worthy opponent, Starra. I could not take the chance that you would retaliate or escape. So, I decided to wound you, if you attempted any communication with anyone. The mountain area was secure. The only people were the spotters on the game, Starra. I know the Nbots would not be pointed on you. You could not jump 212 feet to the bottom of the cliff. Dirk would not dare try to attempt a murder during the viewing of the game. They were right. My plan was full proof. I was going to win. After I was King, I would decide your fate. I climbed the high mountain. It was hard work. I could hear faint whispers of your voice. I climbed faster. I thought I was in terrific shape. The mountain side was a challenge for me. I could not see you. As I reached the sharp cliff and anchored the mount, I saw him. I saw Dirk. He was tall looking over the edge at something. Suddenly, I saw your pink dress hanging from the ledge. He wasnt attempting to murder me, but you. You had not lied to me. You were telling me the truth. You were protecting and aiding me all along. Im so grateful for your efforts, Starra. Im so sorry, Starra. I didnt believe you, Starra. Can you ever forgive me, Starra? He frowns, nodding, not smiling.
I wanna leave, softly asking, when Rann nods.

Sahara Coronation Ball.
I waddle to my assigned table with my new bodyguards standing at attention. I sigh with depression.
Im going to spend the rest of my life, without Rann. I cant forgive him. He didnt trust me. I was trying to save his life, fulfilling my bargain. He betrayed me then apologized to me. I felt his deeply scarred jumbled emotions, sadness. I sigh with finish.
I watch the dancers, listening to the cheery music. I sigh with numbness.
Countess? Wes leans into my right eardrum.
What? I sneer, watching Rann smile and dance with Ann.
Rex requests a private conversation with you.
Yeah, right! scooting from the chair with Wes assistance. I exhale. Rex is going to lecture me about the great Rann. Rosa is going to be mad, if she isnt invited to second that motion. I waddle beside my Honor Guard unit, guarding and making me feel so secure and safe, here. I sigh with safety.
I finally feel safe from Rann, since he has messed things up good with me. Maybe, I should apology. Naw! I wasnt born here, wishing I could leave and go back home to Planet Earth. I have a cotton farm and good friends, there. I sigh with hopefulness.
Wes fingers the ship Countess, the limo
 is not, halting and staring at the limo, then swing my face to the castle, stang.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling! 
I face the limo then switch off my Tele-powers, being too frazzled from the past events the accident, the visit, the gift, the dance, the conversation, the cover up, the secret, the deceit, the mistrust, and the hate of the man. I sigh with lockdown.
Wes opens the door when I gather my long dress train into a ball, not like an elegant noble lady. I stoop avoiding the roof top then scoot into the bench seating.
I stare at male. Stang, man! Ya look like shit, laughing and smiling.
I feel like shit, if I have interpreted your Earth banter, correctly. Dirk laughs, smiling.
I cant believe my tiny ears. I joke with my number-one enemy of the unknown universe Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita. And, I cant believe my eyes. I view my living and breathing number-one enemy of the unknown universe in flesh and blood. I was told by many nobles over and over, again that Dirk was dead.
Healing touch, Dirk, leaning towards him with my wiggling fingers, grinning.
Back off, Starra! Dirk points the maser at my pretty head.
I slam my back muscles into the soft leather, holding my palms, grinning. Sorry! I wanna help, nodding.
I dont want your help. I want you dead.
I exhale dropping my hands into lap like a princess. I have played the childs game of ring around the rosy over and over, again with you, Dirk. You want me dead. Then, Rann wants me dead. The circle is now overlapping on the race track. You want me dead, again. Just shoot me! Get it done, winking. Dirk is reading my mental thoughts as I drop my T-shield, too. I see, feel, and taste our shared Tele-link: kill each other.
Dirk grunts, exhaling with pain, smirking. Im so happy that you have agreed to join me. Im having an elusive private party of my own, Starra. I want you to be my guest of honor, nodding.
The air ship thunders with scraping of metal, when I recognize the sound. Double plated steel completely encircles the windows of the air ship casing the air ship making it available for outer space flight. Inside the ship, the sealers pop and crack releasing the re-circulated mixture of oxygen stabilizing the air pressure in the cabin for a vertical takeoff. For space flight, the underbelly thrusters lift the heavy tub of lead from the ground and into space towards a planet or an asteroid. I feel the rumble of the engines and the heat under my toes of the two afterburners. The ship is going somewhere. And Im locked inside for the ride. I sigh with trouble.
Im a talented and gifted Tele with the awesome abilities of Telepathy, Teleclairvoyance, Telemetabolics, and Telekinesis. I dont need to use my Teleclairvoyance, future sight. We are going to a recluse isolated planet devoid of vehicles, citizens, guards, weapons, bots, comlens, comfones, and nobles. I sigh with doom.
I can read your mind. My Telepathy isnt going to work on him. Dirk is monitoring me, too with his Tele-powers. Being so close to him physically, I cant really control his mind and he cant control mine, either. If I attempt to alter one tiny cell in his sick brain, he will blast me with the maser in his left hand burning my flesh in third degree pieces of goo. And then he will zap me with the stun maser in his right hand finishing the death job, later. After I awake from unconsciousness, he would kill me for shear torture and fun. I sigh with doom.
The cockpit window opens, when I view Wes, frowning. I was nice to yall. I gave you food, girls and currs.
Wes winks, chuckling. Dirk gave us, more. I sigh with disappointment.
 Both of you are the first names on my hit list, when I return to Commerce, I growl when Wes frowns. Dirk laugh with his sick sense of humor at my expense, totally.
Are we really for lift off, gentlemen? Dirk chuckles at Wes.
Yes, Your Highness! We are ready. Wes nods, slamming the window shut when Dirk points the maser at my pretty head.
I could contact the nobles by comfones or comlens for rescue or by my Telepathy for help. However Rex, Rosa, Rann, and noble company are a little occupied eating, dancing, and partying into the wee hours of tomorrow morning with the Coronation of the Emperor, once per life time.
The nobles are not watching for me, looking for me or thinking about me. Im not feeling well from my accidental fall from a 212 cliff. Yet, Rosa might get my Tele-pity-plead, ignoring it and me. I insulted her during our last conversation, tonight, then Rann the day before, then Rex the day before that, and finally Ty two days before that. The noble Calvary is not, will not, and would not be coming to my rescue party. I sigh with defeat.

Planet Sahara. Ranns palace. Hot. Humid. 120F. night.
Dirk exit first from the modified air ship into a starship, motion towards the archway of Ranns palace. I scoot over the bench seating then exit on his toesnawhis side. Dirk has two masers trained at my pretty head as he limps behind through the doorway. He says. All comlens and comfones, even the hidden ones under the floors and ceilings have been disconnected and removed by me. All bots have been removed by me. All cooking ware, dishes, utensils, beds, linens, furniture, equipment, and weapons have been removed by me. I have removed every portable object that I could find. The only items left inside Ranns palace are the sinks and toilets. My devoted fans have worked all day on this mission.nawthis mansion, chuckling.
I swing around, fingering me. Ranns going to be highly miffednawpissed, nodding and giggling. 
I dont give a fudge, Starra, he grins, nodding and limping in pain.
I walk backwards, sneering. I know you didnt shut the electricity, because the mansion runs on solar energy, unless ya got the power to blow up the Sahara sun, laughing.
He nods, grinning. Youre correct. I cant blow up the sun. So I spliced all the electricity cables into diced onions.
I jab my finger, saying. Ranns going to be mighty miffed, when I suffocate then die from the humid heated air of 154 degrees. The night air is cool. But, tomorrow the temperature and my bound and tied body will be a different story, if I survive tonight.
It is you, me, the sand snakes, and spiders, Starra, tonight, Dirk grin with missing teeth when I hear the thunder. I dash to the window, seeing the flaring lights of the modified air ship. He says. My Honor Guards Wes and Lin are flying into the stratosphere, just like Planet Earths Santa Claus and his twelve tiny furry reindeer with a parade of ships the air limo, the bullet ship, a carrier, a passenger, two freighters, and a nicely hidden two-seat bullet ship with wearing a pair of wings.
Stang! whispering for my ears, only. I will not be stealing a ship, a transport or a vessel for my escape. So, Im stuck on this rock. Dirk, swinging and winking, I can call for help, anytime, using my Tele-power. Rex and Rosa will come to my rescue, soonest, laughing.
Do it, Countess! He chuckles, when I eye roll then cross my arms with the real truth of my lie. He nods, back stepping into the sofa between the bay windows. He points both masers at me, ensuring my entrapment and cooperation. Go ahead! Use your Tele-power, Starra, chuckling. I presume you saw Rita at the party. She has been mingling and mixing with all the nobles since the start of the Challenge matches, nodding.
I drop my mouth. Rita knows?
He nods, smiling. Of course, who do you think is my number fan?
I finger him, nodding. I knew you were alive, exhaling and snapping my fingers. You medicated the drinks for the nobles to obey her. But, how? Some form, human or metal would have revealed your plan to Rex or Rann, shaking my curls.
He nods, smiling. Your Tele-power is good. But, no cigar as the Earthlings term it. Not the software, the hardware, when I frown. He pitches a silver device into the air. I catch it, studying the object twirling around inside my hands, frowning. Dirk smiles. The clean squeaky washable glass tumblers are covered in a mild stimulate. It makes for easy manipulation with the thoughts and actions of the manipulator. How do think I got them to obey Rita? My plan is brilliantly devious to the naked eye. Now! I am going to blow all the noble castles around midnight at the height of Ranns Emperor Coronation party, including yours. I sorry, laughing then frowns. He nods. I am a madman, insane, crazy, loco. And, you will not stop me, Earthling Starra. But, I do double-dog dare ya. Did I get the Earthling expression right, my dear? Dirk laughs.
I exhale, tossing my arms in fury. Thousands and thousands of citizens will die, Dirk. Then, you will be King of a non-existence Universe.
He smiles, winking. Not everyone dies, Starra. All the nobles and noblettes live through the tragic disaster, including good king Rann. Rita will get them out in time. I can see that youre stay confused. Dont frown! The wrinkles are ugly on your smooth forehead. Do you know how long it takes a single microwave beam to penetrate the Wall and then connect with a single antenna and then bounce back here for confirmation? I part my lips when he smiles. One-minute and thirteen seconds, Tele-speed fast for us. Right, Starra! That is enough time to signal Rita whats coming for her and precious royals to escape the pretty explosion. The transmission will be traced back to the source, Planet Sahara. And, I am not trying to frame Rann for the incident, silly earthling. Whats in your hands, alien? Dirk nods, smiling.
I raise it, wiggling the object. The remote.
What is in my hands?
Bandages. I frown at his hands.
Dirk raises both masers pointing at my pretty head, smiling. My hands are covered in cloth bandages, even in this universe, fingerprints give us away, too, laughing.
I part my lips, saying. Youre not trying to kill me.
He smiles. If I beat you almost to death then your Tele-powers will save you, of course. Rann will arrive on Sahara to witness you holding the remote that has killed seventy percent of the universes population. Youll be trialed, convicted, and sentenced as a nasty traitor. Youll be placed in a holding cell awaiting your final end, the gallows in the Game stadium. It saves me the trouble of chasing you around the galaxy, again, laughing.
I exhale, dropping my mouth, viewing the devise in my hands. I will finally die an eternal death.
He shakes his skull. Naw! I like your cute Earthling sound. You will not. I will liberate you then toss your unconscious body directly into the wormhole into a modified starship. I got the configuration perfect, this time line. You will travel through the space continuum and return back to Planet Earth, safe and sound as an Earthling. My universe will be fully restored, totally. And, I will be ruler. The end! Finish! Done! He smiles, nodding. Now! What fun is it, if I win the grand prize, without some competition from my bestest alien-friend? The key for the multiply fireworks inside each noble castle at midnight is inside your hands. If you can deactivate the bombs, then you win. The citizens will not die. Their fate is in your hands, Starra Starbuck, chuckling and smiling.
I exhale, ripping the back of the devise. The devise holds numerous colored wires, a blinking circuit, and a small pair of scissors. I look at Dirk. He laughs, viewing the window. Im not worried, yet. The clock timer is set for midnight. The comlen shows 14-mintues and three-seconds until the death hour. I sigh with worry.
The wires are wadded together in a nice set of folded lines. I carefully pull each wire from its cozy nest. The colors look familiar, of course! The colors represent each noble house. I string the different colors of line twisted in a geometric maze from the remote control stretching them along the physical wall using my naked hands, a physical chore. I dont trust my Tele-powers, being scared, nervous, and furious.
The fingertip of my right hand is very hypersensitive from the recent of tissue growth. In fact, the fingers are more tender than my left hand. I use my right index finger tracking one of the colored wires, the gold. I feel an energy pattern. However, the pattern is not a straight line from point A to point B. The energy line curves back and forth in a circle around the wire, unusual. The pattern does not mean anything to me. Im a worried Tele, not a bomb expert. The patterns and energy levels are not equal in strength and volume in each colored line, either. The configuration of the devise makes no sense within my brain cells.
Dirk said he planted the bombs in all the castles. Hes lying.
I hold breath then clip the white line inside the device, my Ice castle on Commerce. I T-scan my property, still standing. My right fingertip hovers on top of the broken wire tip, not touching. I feel an energy flow from the top of the line to the end of the circuit. The remote battery is energized flowing into the broken lines towards the end. If I touch the severed end then I would probably get an ugly shock to my nerve endings.
Yes.
No.
Dont know. My logic isnt aiding my discovery of the real bomb wire. I sigh with aggravation.
I glance at Dirk, pondering first degree cold blooded murder with my naked hands. He sits on a padded bench picking at his bandaged wounds like a wild animal. His brick red hair is shaved bald. His exposed pale body parts are covered in neon orange bee stings. His face is swollen at one eye socket and his pink lips. His nose is taped broken from the initial fall from the cliff edge. His right leg is plastered in a cast from the ankle to the thigh which is the reason for the leg crouch. He wears his old rock climber uniform not ripped to shreds paired with a soft pants covering his left leg, not injured, when I T-scan his body, not healed. A golden robe wraps over his mixed up fashionist outfit. His hands are bandaged from wrist up to the shoulder. He probably used his hands to swat the attacking bees. His neck holds a cloth brace, a royal mess.
And, Dirk is not going to kill me, but frame me. 
This has to be the worst case for hanging in the gallows by my pretty neck. Everyone is amused with my bad attitude, now. When Rann and the other nobles discover my beaten body and fingerprints on the remote, I will be punished, taunted, and tortured for a very long, long time, until Dirk finally retrieves me from the Tower. Rosa will not believe me, either. I have treated the nobles and noblettes with discontent and sting. No one will believe my side of the demon tale, ever.
Dirk is going to enslave the universe. Rita is going to have his baby along with the other developing little noble and noblette babies. Rosa told the good news on Monday during her first visit, not good news to me. Im not happily married with a wonderful husband and enjoying the Royal Couple of the Month Club. Im not going to have a baby, the creation of a new line of little royalettes. I sigh with truth.
This plan makes perfect sense. Dirk will hold the nobles and the surviving commoners as hostages by threatening their unborn babies. Hell succeed in enslaving all of the citizens to his sick and twisted way, the innocent the rich and the poor. I sigh with murder.
I view the devise. When my Tele-powers fail, use logic. Yeah! Use logic. Logically, Im holding the remote with my fingerprints all over the devise. I have exposed all the colored wires. Each wire has a color of the single colored mansion. Everything, I enter this universe, the mansions are all the same color scheme.
I view Dirk. He still paws and itches on his wounds like a caged alley cat with fleas.
Each colored wire is remotely attached to a matching colored mansion. The wire is remotely attached to a single non-colored bomb inside a mansion. I clipped the white wire then my mansion didnt explosion. I clip the gold mansion feeling no explosion. Therefore, use logic. The wires arent alive but dead.
They are active. Dirk says using a T-probe inside my logic.
I sneer. Thanks for reminding me. If logic does not work, use illogic. Yeah! Illogically, I am holding a set of live wires that match each mansion. Therefore, using illogical, only one of the wire is truly alive. Yeah! Thats it.
Youre good, Starra! You should come and work for me, for a change, Dirk chuckles, scratching his bald skull.
I giggle, saying. I did in the fifth, sixth, and ninth time lines. You and I are like blood and water. We bleed in both cups, smiling when Dirk chuckles. See! I still can make him laugh like I did in the last alien time line.
I return my attention to the device. Only one of the wires is alive. Which one? I dont know. Im too emotional to figure it out. Do something! If I start clipping each wire before the midnight hour then Ill save some of the citizens, not all.
Dirk told me, the nobles are spared. So, the commoners arent spared.
I clip each wire, rapidly. I nod, smiling. I have saved the universe, getting a medal.
Dirk says. The wires are alive and filled with electricity but only contained within the remote control unit. The real bombs are inside the bots and the bots are located throughout the mansions on Commerce.
Ugh! I stand, yell, tossing the devise on the floor with a ting. It doesnt break, being ripped open, anyways.
He smiles at me. By the way, I sent the microwave signal to Rita. Shes shifting the pregnant noblettes out of the way into safety.
Ah! I yell, not being able to save the commoners. Im too weak, too far away, and too upset.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Using my Teleclairvoyance and Telepathy, I mentally plug into Planet Commerce. I see, feel, and hear the explosions of fire, light, screams, yells, shouts, cries of shock and pain, being helpless to stop this.
Dirk wins beating me. I fail, losing it all. I sigh with failure.
Dirk laughs. He feels, see, and hears the explosions of pain, including mine then aims the twin masers at me. He frowns with meanness. Dont try it, Starra! The color is blue, a stunner just for you framed murder of an entire universe, when I drop upon the floor near the expose devise. He smiles, nodding. Tell me how you feel, Starra? I feel happy. You feel sad. I feel happy. You feel sorry. I feel impressed. You feel impressed, too with me, leaning into the fabric then pulls a diamond from his robes, studying it.
I wrap the wires into a bundle then tie tying them into a tight circle with my finger. The colored sparks light the air waves when I feel heat, hot, fire. I sigh with revenge.
I stare, sneering while slowly crawling along the tiles towards Dirk.
He studies the diamond.
I crawl along the tiles then stand, giggling.
Dirk studies the diamond, smiling. I can read your future, Earthling. You will marry Rann, Princess. You will birth twins, Mama. You will balance the universe, Catalytic, only if you dont return back into the wormhole and die on Earth, Starra.
Only if, ya do die, Dirk, I leap the distance between us. I somersault into the air dragging my gown then land on Dirks naked chest. I stab the hot bolt of live electricity in the devise into his heart.
The streak of light turns blinding white, then yellow and finally, blue. Dirk turns pale white, bright yellow, and then midnight black. I smell burning flesh, hair, bones, and blood. Dirk finds great strength to stand then drops me and him onto the tile.
The steak of light hits my heart when I see colors of yellow, orange, and then pink. Then, I pass out into neon stars.

Unknown sky. unknown planet. unknown universe.
I see an unidentified flying object at the exit of the wormhole opening. Im discovered, being chased by an UFO. I sigh with death.
My life is over. I didnt wanna be the first human to fly on an intergalactic space mission to another planet in another galaxy. I sigh with doom.
Do you need assistance, milady? A deep baritone voice connects, links, and Teles into my mind.
Hey! Dont shoot, dude.  I Tele to the voice inside the ship beside me.
I am here to assist, milady.
What did ya say, man?
Do you need help, milady?
Dont know, sir.
I am here to help, milady!
Hold that thought, pal! I Tele.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I gently Tele-pull the invisible wind currents around the burning ship and then aim towards a neat clearing on the brown planet guiding the ship parallel to the dirt. The treeless path appears perfect for a crash landing, not my air speed 854-miles-per-hour. I desperately need to slow the ship down or hit the dirt and bounce like a rubber ball both vertically and horizontally.
I pop open my eyelashes and intensively study the working radar, once I apply a Tele-touch with my dirty fingernail. I see pretty skyline mountains and brilliantly think a quick solution while guiding a shuttles wing into the mountain side, slowing my moving inertia. Since, the space shuttle soars scary at the height of 10,064-feet above the brown soil and tan-colored rocks like an eagle in beautiful flight.
I forcefully Tele-shove the wind currents around the ships nose and both pairs of wings trying to stabilize my flight in a horizontal path, before I Tele-impact this thing into the mountain side. I panic with death then calm my nervous neurons with my only chance for survival.
Do it! I encourage then nosily slam the left wing tip into the hard dry rock formation. Big chunks and tiny pieces of metal whine like babies and scream like cats while peeling off left, right, above, below, and behind the forward direction of the cruising shuttle.
I Tele-balance the ship and wing parallel to the ground and little by little then Tele-plow the shuttle into the soft dirt and rough rocks on the mountain while disintegrating the wing. I smile, Working!
The space shuttle decreases velocity rapidly. 100 mph. 80 mph. 60 mph. 40 mph. 20 mph. 15 mph. 10 mph. 5 mph. 1 mph. Boom!
The roller coaster ride jolts to the left with the mighty force then swiftly ends as the belly slams into the soft brown dirt.
I sit, numbingly in my assigned seat then open my eyelashes. I swing my face viewing the north direction of green grass and pretty colored wildflowers. I exhale, narrowing my eyelashes using my Tele-powers.
A male runs from a slick silver odd star ship waving his hands and arms in the air like a wild man towards my burning space shuttle. Using my Tele-hearing, I hear him shouting, Starra!?

Starras outer space trip ends with the finale book: Cool! Alien Princess
