



The Swiss Family RobinZOM
by Perrin Briar
Copyright 2014 by Perrin Briar
Smashwords Edition

Contents Page

One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-One
Twenty-Two
Twenty-Three
Twenty-Four
Twenty-Five
Twenty-Six
Twenty-Seven
Twenty-Eight
Twenty-Nine
Thirty
Epilogue
What To Read Next?
Was It Good For You?
Show Me What You Got
Be Kind, Review
About The Author
Copyright Page



One

The rain tapped on the porthole windows like it wanted to come in. Some of it didnt bother with the formalities and dripped in through cracks in the cabins roof, which creaked under the gale force winds battering it. Liz eyed the roof with caution. She placed a bucket over a patch of water on the floor.
Theres a leak over here too, Liz said.
The cabins floor and table surfaces were festooned with buckets and bowls. Some had just a few drops of water inside, while others were full to the brim. Liz picked up a full bowl, opened the swing doors and threw the water outside onto the courtyard below.
Ill get it fixed when the rain stops, Bill said, not taking his eyes off the journal he was writing.
Having come from a boat youd have thought this cabin would be more water resistant, Liz said. Though I suppose its not the cabins fault. Its the poor workmanship.
Give me a break, weve only been here a few months.
Five months, Liz said. Long enough to build a roof over our heads that doesnt leak.
I said Ill fix it when the rain stops.
There was a pause. Liz knew she should have left it there, but being cooped up during a storm had made her argumentative.
Im not sure being in the tallest trees on the island during a storm is the best idea anyway, Liz said. Maybe we should have a monsoon house.
All right, Bill said. Ill fix the roof and build us a monsoon house when the rain stops, all right?
Bill turned back to his journal and continued scribbling.
Im bored, Jack said.
Jack sat with his chin in his hands looking out a porthole window. The jungle foliage outside waved with the powerful wind and rain, moving almost as if it were rough seas. Jack put a hand to his stomach, feeling seasick. A capuchin monkey lay across Jacks lap, staring at the ceiling.
Nip is bored too, Jack said.
No one replied.
Im bored and Nip is bored, Jack said.
We heard you the last time, Fritz said. And the hundred times before that.
Im bored, Jack said.
Will you be so bored with my foot up your arse?
Fritz! Liz said.
Yes, Fritz, Jack said. But Im guessing you wouldnt be. Youd enjoy it.
You little Fritz said.
Fritz, fifteen and big for his age, marched toward Jack, who got up out of his chair with a big smile on his face at finally having something to do. Jack ran around the table in the middle of the room, where Francis sat colouring a picture.
Fritz! Liz said. Sit down right now!
He started it, Fritz said.
I dont care who started it, Liz said. Im ending it.
With a glare at Jack, Fritz returned to sitting in the corner. An eagle sat on a perch beside him. Fritz rubbed Beautys beak with a feather and grumbled under his breath. Jack, disappointed that the activity was over, sighed and returned to staring out the window.
Beauty sure loves her new perch, Liz said, trying to drum up a conversation.
Shed sit on it all day if she could, Fritz said with pride.
You did a good job of it, Liz said. Im sure she appreciates all the hard work you put into it to make it for her.
That made Fritz smile. Jack got to his feet.
Im going to go read my comic books, he said.
Again? Liz said. Im surprised you havent worn them out. I wish you showed your school books as much passion. Why dont you read a book on the Second World War instead?
Its the end of the world, Jack said. Why do I need to know about history?
Because history offers valuable lessons, like how Napoleon defeated the Russians in 1805 despite having a markedly smaller army.
Or the Greeks against the Persian forces in 480BC, Ernest said, not looking up from the book he was reading. Though, of course, they died.
Thats right, Liz said, enthused with the subject. A force of three hundred men held off an enemy of thousands with the knowledge of their terrain.
Jack frowned with thought.
Or Superman versus General Zod and his Disciples, he said. Comic books are history too now, arent they?
There was a pause.
History is our heritage, Liz said. Tell them, Bill.
Bill turned from his journal, caught unaware.
Uh, yes, dear, he said. You boys listen to your mother.
Liz rolled her eyes.
Why should they? she said. You dont.
Be with you in a minute, babe, Bill said.
Jack turned to his brothers.
Its boring in here, he said. Lets go to our treehouse.
All right, Liz said, but take the winch down. I dont want you on the wire in this storm.
Well get soaking wet, Jack said.
Unlike taking the zip wire, Liz said.
Well be across in two seconds.
If it wasnt broken it would. Theres a storm. You could get struck by lightning-
Geronimo! Jack said.
He ran across the living room and threw himself out the swing doors. He caught the cable with one hand, swung his legs up and curled them around the cable. Jack threaded himself along it to a second treehouse, which they affectionately referred to as Robins Nest. The main treehouse was called Falcons Nest. The rain stung Jacks face and soaked his clothes. Thunder rumbled in the dark ceaseless clouds overhead. Jack stopped, turned, and hung by one arm to look back at his mother. The drop was thirty feet and make Liz feel queasy.
Dont do that! Liz said. You know I hate it when you do that. If you fall and break your neck, dont come running to me.
How could I run to you if my neck was broken? Jack said.
He threw his other arm up and monkey-barred his way across the wire. Nip leapt out through the swing doors and followed Jack.
Dont worry, Bill said. He wont fall. The boys got monkey blood in him, Im sure of it.
If he does, its from your side of the family, Liz said. And Im not worried about him. Im worried about that wire. It could snap at any minute.
Its high tensile steel. Itll never snap.
Never say never.
Liz watched with undisguised fear, and didnt breathe again until Jack got off at the other end.
I swear, Im going to kill that boy, Liz said.
She turned to Fritz, who was now looking into a hand mirror, making minute alterations to his hair. Beauty the eagle was also looking at herself in a mirror, preening. Pets really do act like their owners, Liz thought. Fritz was handsome and well-built, taking after his father. He had a strong square chin that hadnt yet seen a razor, and wore a pair of jeans and T-shirt like theyd just come from the store.
Fritz, Liz said, can you get Beauty to catch us a couple of quails for tonights tea, please?
Its raining, Fritz said. Im not sure if theres much out there for her to catch.
Try.
All right.
Fritz put on a thick glove that covered his arm up to the elbow.
Come on, girl, he said.
He picked Beauty up off her perch. He moved to the swing doors, opened them wide, and then spoke into Beautys ear.
We want quails. Okay? Fritz said, holding up two fingers. Quails. Two. Got that?
Beauty nodded with vigour.
Good girl.
Fritz extended his arm and Beauty took flight into the driving rain.
Maybe you should train Beauty to obey Ernest too, Liz said. In case youre busy elsewhere and we need a fowl.
Fritz shrugged.
I tried, he said, but shell only obey me. What can I say? I must be more popular with the chicks.
Liz rolled her eyes.
Fritz, he said, will you go over to Robins Nest and keep an eye on Jack for me, please?
Cant Ernest do it? Fritz said.
Ernest had his nose buried in a book, an intense look of concentration on his face. He was slighter than his older brother, with narrow shoulders. The lenses of his glasses made his eyes look tiny. Liz clicked her fingers around Ernests ears. He didnt respond.
No, Liz said. Ernest cant do it.
Do you want me to take Francis? Fritz said, gesturing to the eight year-old now building a house of cards and peering at them with curiosity.
No, Liz said. Hes all right where he is. Take Ernest with you though, if you can peel him away from his book.
Fritz slipped on a bright yellow raincoat, careful with the hood over his hair.
You just have to know how to get his attention, he said.
He sidled up to Ernest.
Pie is three point one six, he said.
Ernest blinked and looked up from his book.
You dick! he said. I was just getting to the good bit then!
Ernest! Liz said. Language!
Fritz tilted the book up. On the cover was written: Advanced Mechanics.
Whats the climax, I wonder? Fritz said. He fixes the engine?
Ernest spoke in Latin, a superior smile on his face. He pushed the glasses up on his nose. His mother clipped him upside the ear.
Ow! Ernest said. What was that for?
Swearing is swearing, Liz said, whether the listener understands it or not.
You swore at me? Fritz said, fist clenching tight.
Enough! Liz said. Im sending you out to prevent Jack from getting into trouble, and you two are just as bad!
Fritz glared at Ernest, who poked his tongue out.
Give Jack a clip round the ear while youre over there, Liz said.
With pleasure, Fritz said.
He strapped himself into the winching harness, and used the hand peddles to lower himself to the ground.
Do I have to go across? Ernest said. Jackll never sit still and Fritz is going to get me back for my Latin remark.
Perhaps itll teach you not to make such remarks, Liz said.
Ernest hung his shoulders and strapped himself into the winch harness. He turned back to look at Bill.
Dad? he said.
Yeah? Bill said.
When do you suppose the monsoon season will end?
Any day now, son, Bill said. Why?
So if one of my darling brothers is going to have an unfortunate accident and drown, it ought to happen soon
Dont even joke about such things! Liz said.
Who said anyone was joking? Ernest said.
He pumped the peddles with his arms to the ground. He crossed the open courtyard, somehow managing to step in every muddy puddle along the way, strapped himself into the second winch and hand peddled himself up to Robins Nest. At the treehouses entrance Fritz was waiting for Ernest, and kept pushing him back when he reached for the ledge.
Fritz! Liz shouted. Let him in! I said let him in!
The rain thrummed so loud on the roof she wasnt sure if he heard her or not, but Fritz gave way and helped Ernest into the treehouse. Once inside, Ernest pulled his arm away from Fritz. Liz closed the swing doors, blocking the Marx Brothers scene.
A puddle of water coalesced on the floor from where the door had been left open. Liz picked up a towel and began mopping it up. She wrung the towel into the sink and hung it up on a line that ran over their heads. The space was large, mostly made of wood. Water-damaged family photos of a former life hung on the walls. Carpets covered every inch of floor.
Those boys, Liz said. Theyll be the death of me, I swear.
She collapsed into a chair.
Thanks for all your help, by the way, she said to Bill. Its important we show them a unified front, and you were solid as a rock.
Im writing my journal, Bill said. I cant do everything at once.
They need to learn to work together, Liz said. Not fight all the time.
Whatre you going to do? Bill said. Tie them together? Theyll kill one another before they learn to cooperate. Let them grow up a little. Theyll grow out of it.
Liz folded her arms.
My sisters and I werent like that, she said. We were always there for each other, no matter what happened.
Youre women. The fairer sex. Were boys. Thats what boys are like. I was the same with my friends.
Theyre not friends, theyre brothers. And this is not Switzerland. The world is a more dangerous place now. They have to be prepared.
There was a pause.
Youre right, Bill said, setting down his pen. And one of them is preparing.
Youre talking about Fritz? Liz said with a smile. I dont know why he takes so much care with his hair. Its not like theres a gaggle of beautiful blondes next door.
No, but one might appear one day. A man wants to be prepared.
Our little boys are growing up, Liz said.
There was the sound of something smashing in the treehouse opposite, followed by raised voices.
Some faster than others, Bill said.
I do worry about them, Liz said.
Me too. I dont know where they get their lack of respect for authority from. Disgraceful.
Its not that Im worried about, and I know exactly where they get that from.
Liz glared at Bill, who returned her expression with a faint smile.
Im worried about their future, she said. What kind of life are they going to lead on a speck of an island out in the middle of the ocean? 
Theyre going to live, Bill said. Thats enough for now. Later, when the time comes, well take them to the mainland to find other survivors. For now we need to focus on surviving.
The thrumming on the roof slowed, and then stopped altogether. Sunlight streamed through the windows, bringing warmth with it. Birds sang.
Woohoo! Jacks voice said from the other treehouse.
Has it stopped? Liz said.
Bill peered out of a window.
Appears so, he said. Though it might only be a reprieve. The monsoon season might not be over yet.
It cant rain for weeks on end and then stop suddenly like that, can it?
Why not? Bill said. Maybe the clouds just finally ran out of juice.
Liz shook her head.
Ill never get used to this weather, she said.
The swing doors smacked opened and Jack came running in.
The rains stopped! he said. Its finally stopped! Can I go climb to the top of Sharpie?
Its still wet and slippery, Liz said.
Ill be careful, Jack said. I promise.
Even Nip the monkey had an excited expression on his face, though he was likely just mimicking Jack.
Please! Jack said.
All right, Liz said.
Yeah!
But be careful. Your father says the monsoon season might not be over. It could just be a break.
Jack strapped herself into the winch.
Okay, he said.
Feed the animals before you go, Bill said. And take your brothers with you.
Aw, man, Jack said. Do I have to?
Yes, Bill said.
Jack sighed.
All right, he said.
Jack hand pedalled his way to the ground. There was a screech as Beauty fluttered her wings, floated into the treehouse and alighted on her perch, where she sat and got comfortable. In one talon she had two good-sized quails. Liz took them from her, and patted Beauty on the head.
At least Beauty knows the value of teamwork, she said.



Two

Francis whistled in a continuous high tone, and then dropped low, before returning to the higher tone. After a pause he repeated the tune.
Hes not coming, Jack said. Lets go climb Sharpie.
Hell come, Francis said. He always comes.
There was a pause, and then the sound of trotting hooves. Lightfoot the brown donkey came running toward them. He wore a straw hat that Liz had made for him, his ears sticking out the top. It was a bit frayed around the edges where the other animals had tried to eat it.
Its just Lightfoot, Ernest said.
Francis gave the donkey an apple, and then pointed with a short stubby finger.
Here he comes! he said.
The ground shook, the vibrations rising up their legs. Lightfoot, true to his name, took off. A large black shadow emerged from behind a clump of trees. Jack, with Nip on his shoulder, took a step back. Even Fritz and Ernest backed away, but Francis stood his ground with a grin on his face. He extended an apple in the palm of his hand through the slats of the fence. Two thousand pounds of brute bull muscle approached the fence, which now looked flimsy and childlike beside this leviathan. He lowered his thick neck down to the apple, sniffing through his wide nostrils, blowing Franciss hair back, and with great delicacy opened its mouth and chomped the apple in one go. Then the bull turned and ran back up the field.
Well, Jack said, now thats over with, can we get on with Sharpie now?
Sunlight streamed through the clouds and glinted off the sheen on the broad leaves and native plants around them. Three feet tall canes, no thicker than a mans thumb grew rigid and straight in clutches along the path. Jack snapped a cane off at the base and put it to his lips, sucking out the sugar. Fritz snapped three canes off and handed one each to Ernest and Francis. Sucking on their sugar canes, they scaled Sharpie the mountain.
Thin rivulets of rainwater wormed its way down the mountainside like sap down a trees bark. Apes perched in the only cluster of trees on the mountainside watched the boys pass by underneath them, tucking into the sweet flesh of fresh fruit. The mountainside was largely exposed with little decorating it. A wild pig dashed through the undergrowth with piglets in tow. They paid the boys no mind.
I never want to be locked up in Falcons Nest for that long ever again! Jack said. Its so peaceful out here. Calm, fresh, and so much space!
Jack held his arms out to the side and spun in a circle. Fritz and Ernest each held one of Franciss hands and swung him between them every few feet. It was a bit of a struggle for Ernest with his weedy arms, but he did his best to hide it.
Wheee! Francis said. Wheee!
Panting and out of breath, Ernest put his hand on a boulder to steady himself, his legs shaking and weak. The boulder teetered forward. A few small rocks broke away from the base and rolled down the mountainside, but the large boulder stayed where it was. Ernest breathed a sigh of relief. The boulder hadnt rolled. There was a long procession of similar rocks, each teetering on the edge. They drew up to Sharpies peak. Jack stretched out his arms to embrace the horizon.
Nature! he said, absorbing as much of it into his eleven year old lungs as he could. Aphrodite in her true form.
Pretty eloquent for someone who never pays attention in Mums classes, Ernest said.
Correction, Jack said. Appearing not to be paying attention.
You certainly do that well.
Sharpie was on the south eastern tip of New Switzerland, the highest point of land on the island. The sea battered one side, and the island spread out before it on the other. The ocean stretched out to white oblivion on the horizon. The sky was a perfect sapphire blue without a single cloud to blot it. They turned in the opposite direction to find the black flat-bottomed anvil clouds of the monsoon, the rain still falling on a distant stretch of ocean.
Yes! Jack said. Hahaha! Get out of here, storm! Flee!
Jacks smile faded and he lowered his arms. He frowned and turned his head to the side in thought. He tapped Fritz on the shoulder. He didnt respond. Jack punched him on the arm.
Ow! Fritz said. What was that for?
Jack pointed to something at the other end of the island. Fritzs face paled. Run hard to ground on the soft sand of the Bay of Safety was the hull of a giant ship.



Three

Fritz and Ernest, who had a handle each of the empty cart, felt the reverberations up their arms. The wheels of the cart were solid wood and did not take the uneven ground well. Bill walked out in front, leading them. He clutched his machete knife tight in one hand. Jack could see Bills knuckles were white, which only made Jack grip his policemans baton harder. Bill checked every direction twice before signalling for them to continue onward. They came to the bank of a river, the water frothy white and surging below.
Built across the river was a bridge made of thick bamboo. It had been nailed together with thorns from the Acacia tree, and then lashed with strong vines. They called it Family Bridge. Bill raised his hand for the cart to stop. Bill walked across the bridge, stamping his foot each step. Fritz and Ernest massaged their stiff arms. Once Bill got to the other side of the bridge, and checked the coast was clear, he waved the boys over. Family Bridge didnt so much as creak as the cart trundled over it.
The beach wrapped all the way from the southern point to the western shore. The sand was a golden brown, darkened by the heavy rain, which was fortunate as it made pushing the cart much easier. Bill led them to the edge of the beach that met the jungle. He kneeled down at a gap between the trees, scanning the grass, tree roots and snapped twigs. Unseen exotic birds, the hiss of reptiles and chitter of bugs spoke to him from the jungle. Bill pushed his fedora back with his thumb. Ernest and Fritz stood over their father with their weapons raised high, staring into the dark abyss of the jungle. Jack stood behind his brothers, clutching his police baton more with a sense of fear than malice.
What is it, Pa? Fritz said.
There are no footprints, Bill said. Either no survivors found their way onto shore, or the rain washed their footprints away.
Bill turned and led them down the beach to the seafront. The cruise ship was colossal, twenty floors high and a football pitch long. It had Pandora written across its front in a flowing font. It had been bent and lacerated on both sides as if it had been in some kind of collision and then rusted over. It looked like it had a large port wine stain. It leaned to one side, and when they rounded the boat they found the reason why. The ship had impaled itself on a large rock in the bay, and where it had struck, the hull had split open. As the tide came in, it washed inside the boats hull and tugged on the crates loaded there. A steady stream of crate breadcrumbs floated on the tide out to sea.
Shall I go get them? Fritz said.
No, Bill said. Lets take a look at whats inside these crates, shall we?
Fritz and Ernest seized a crate that was a few yards offshore and carried it onto the beach. The wood was damp and soft. Bill jammed the tip of his machete into the gap between the top and side panel and lifted it. The nails squeaked as it was pried open. Bill reached inside and came out with silk pillows.
At least were going to sleep comfortably, Bill said.
Bill peered inside the hull. There were a series of perhaps two dozen stacked crates. Chains that hung from the ceiling clinked together.
I dont like this, Bill said. Anything could be behind those crates. Lets get them out of here first and see what we find.
They each pulled up the cloth covering their mouths and noses. Jack kept watch while Fritz, Ernest and Bill waded into the knee deep water in the hull, the water making soft shloshing noises. Bill aimed a torch at the shadows before letting Fritz or Ernest take a crate. They piled the crates up on the cart outside. Bill heard the frantic buzzing of flies. He pulled the obstructing crate aside and found the remains of what appeared to be a mans arm. It had been gnawed off at the shoulder, the bone protruding. Bill used his machete to drag it outside and push it out to sea. The flies followed it out.
Ernest, Fritz said, gesturing to the floating arm. I think hes performing the front stroke.
He beamed at his own wit.
Grow up, Ernest said.
Its just a joke.
A man lost his life. Its nothing to be joking about.
Oooo. Sor-ry. Pardon me for trying to lighten the mood.
You want to lighten the mood? Shut up and give us a hand.
Fritz fought to keep the smile off his face.
Lets get this show on the road, Bill said.
Bill checked the contents of the bag that hung over his shoulder. The boys held their weapons close. Fritz had a wooden baseball bat, Ernest a golf club.
Were right behind you, Pop, Ernest said.
Bill turned to Jack.
Jack, he said, I want you to stay out here and watch our backs.
Aw, man, Jack said. I was stuck on watch duty while you guys were unloading. Cant I come with you this time?
He was speaking from a sense of fear as opposed to outrage. He didnt want to be left alone.
Do you realise how important your role is? Bill said. If anything comes in after us, well be finished. You must protect us, Jack. Can you do that?
Jack nodded and, though still disappointed, spoke with great gravity.
Yes, he said.
Good, Bill said. If you get into any trouble at all you are to run in and shout for us, all right?
Jack nodded.
What about all the stuff on board that might be useful to us? Ernest said.
We can do a quick search of the cabins on our way out, Bill said. On a boat this big there could be hundreds of them, even thousands. If we sink the boat now, well be safe.
What if there are survivors on board?
Bill was silent a moment.
Then I hope they can swim, he said.
Bill looked at each of his sons in turn, nodded, and then led the way inside.



Four

Bill, Fritz and Ernest waded through the dark narrow corridor. Rust ran along the inside of the walls like motorways on a map. The darkness was punctured by sunlight that filtered in through portholes along the wall. On the left were cabin doors, some shut tight, others wide open. The water swallowing their feet became shallow. There was a blood splatter on the wall, fragments of bone jutting from clotted blood. At the end of the corridor was a thick metal door that stood open. Bill swept his torch over the space inside. There were blank computer terminals and large metal containers.
Bill unshouldered his pack and took out a foot long grey tube and put it amongst the machinery. He attached an egg timer to it. They moved to the far end of the room. Bill deposited another grey tube. They came out of the engine room and moved back down the corridor. Bill pushed open the door to the first cabin. It had two sets of bunk beds, one on either side. The bedside tables had been knocked over and the blankets lay on the floor.
Be quick, Bill said. Weve got thirty minutes to get clear of the boat.
Ernest reached for the magazines on the bed covers and tucked them into his backpack. In the tiny bathroom Fritz found a few packs of hair gel and deodorant. They pushed open the doors to the next room. It was a cleaning cupboard. Bill grabbed the bleach, polish and bristle brushes. The next room was large and had a single bed. There was a desk in the corner. Above it was a shelf with hard and paperback books.
Jackpot, Ernest said, heading over and stuffing his bag.
Dont you mean Ernestpot? Fritz said.
Bill opened a cupboard and found a row of mens jackets. He picked the best one and put it on. There were a series of packages on the floor of the wardrobe tied with cute pink bows. Bill tore them open. Inside he found a pink dress and cute sailors outfit that looked like it was in Franciss size.
Weve got fifteen minutes left, Bill said.
They hustled down the corridor, their feet and shins wet. Their movements disturbed the water, causing a door to drift open. There was a rattling sound like a nail file rubbed against iron grating. Bill and the boys stiffened, gripping their weapons in tight fists. Bill peered into the room.
A man lay on the floor, pinned down by a beds frame. His dead white eyes stared up at them. The mans greasy hair was brushed back from his head, and blue veins like ripe cheese stood out on his forehead. His blood red lips opened and let out a deep guttural groan that came from the depths of his soul. The sound was slow and long. It reverberated down the metal corridors. The Lurchers call was answered by a dozen others, and then two dozen, and then innumerable. Some were close, others distant, but they all filled the Robinsons with terror. Bill took out another grey tube and tossed it onto the bed. Bill swung his machete and buried it in the mans head. A thin spurt of blood squirted over Bills trouser leg. He removed his machete and they rushed down the corridor.
Lets get out of here! Bill said.
Bill and the boys waded through the corridor, the low death rattle of Lurchers near and far echoing up and down the cruise liners innards. They passed a cabin, and the sound of a death groan grew in volume. None of them turned to look back. They got to the cargo hold. Fritz and Ernest took position beside the door. Bill reached into his pack again and took out another grey tube and attached a timer. He set it for five minutes. Bill slid the grey tube through a link in a chain that hung from the ceiling. They ran out of the cruise liner, where Jack stood waiting for them.
Everything go all right? Jack said.
Well see in a few minutes, Bill said.
Did you find anything?
As if in response, groans from hundreds of throats issued up from the ship. Jacks face turned pale. Fritz and Ernest each grabbed a cart handle and pushed it along the beach back toward the bridge.
Its funny, Fritz said. Despite the extra weight of the crates, the cart somehow feels lighter.
Miraculous, Ernest said.
High up on the cruise liner, the silhouettes of dozens of figures pressed against the railing, arms outstretched and reaching for the departing flesh of the living.



Five

Bill and the boys put fifty feet between themselves and the cruise liner. Figures emerged from the hole, turning their heads, looking around, and then ambling toward the Robinsons.
We need to hold them here, Bill said. We have to stop them from entering the jungle, or well never live in peace.
The Lurchers movements were hesitant and juddering, without a hint of grace. Many had broken or missing limbs, adding to their grungy gait, but moved surprisingly fast. Most of them wore summer holiday wear, the rest smart crimson uniforms, adding a comical edge to the scene. There was a long chain of them, perhaps fifteen in total, and more pouring out of the hole in the ships hull.
Remember your training, Bill said. Make calm, smooth motions. Nothing flashy. Stay relaxed. Never panic. Jack, stay behind me at all times, all right?
Jack nodded, his eyes wide, hands gripping the baton tight. The first Lurcher approached. It was a large man wearing a bright Bermuda shirt. Bill brought his machete down across his neck. He cut halfway through the flesh, the knifes edge caught on the undeads larynx. Another two hacks, and the head was severed. The body slumped to the ground. The thick congealed blood lay on top of the sand, and wasnt absorbed by it. Fritz met a female Lurcher. She wore large sunglasses. He brought the baseball bat around. It connected with the womans temple, the bat buried in her skull. She looked at him with an element of confusion. Fritz pulled the bat free and hit her again. This time she went down. The third Lurcher, wearing a huge pair of baggy shorts, approached Ernest. Bills heart was in his throat. Only once the Lurcher was down, his head caved in, did Bill breathe again. The Lurchers were disembarking from the ship faster now, forming tight bunches of twos and threes.
When will they go off? Fritz said. Do you think theres a problem with them?
I dont know, Bill said. They should go off any min-
KA-BOOM! KA-BOOM!
The two explosions happened in quick succession. The boat shuddered. A large hole was rent from the stern. The Lurchers pivoted on the spot to look back at the noises origin. Bill, Fritz and Ernest leapt forward and beat at the Lurchers. They fell to the sand. Overcoming their stupor, the remaining Lurchers turned and stumbled toward Bill and his sons.
Form up! Bill said.
They formed a line, and as the Lurchers approached, the Robinsons pulled back their weapons. The Lurchers raised their arms toward Ernest and Fritz, but the Robinsons fell on them. A large male Lurcher with exposed chest, and what looked like female breasts, fell to the ground at Fritzs feet. The Lurcher opened his mouth to bite, but Ernest was there, and buried his golf club in its head. Fritz nodded his thanks.
Bloody ankle biters, Fritz said.
KA-BOOM!
The cruise liner leaned over dangerously to one side. The Lurchers pressed up against the decks railing spilled over the side. Some landed on their heads, which exploded like watermelons. Others fell in the water, feet unable to find the bottom, and were swept up with the tide and taken out to sea. But most landed in the shallows, got to their feet and limped onto the beach. The cruise ship was on fire amidships, the flames licking the porthole windows. The stern dipped lower into the sea, lifting the bow up out of the water and into the air.
Wheres the last explosion? Ernest said. Shouldnt there be one more?
Something must have happened to it, Bill said.
The ships not going to sink without it.
Might not sink with it either. Its a big boat.
And the Lurchers will keep coming!
Bill looked along the beach to find Lurchers heading toward the jungle.
Hey! Bill shouted at the Lurchers and waved his arms. Hey!
He turned to his boys.
We cant let them get to the jungle! Bill said. Well forever be hunting them down!
Hey! Fritz said toward the wayward Lurchers. Hey! Hey! Over here! This way!
A Lurcher before him opened her mouth wide and growled. Fritz knocked the Lurchers extended arms aside, and then followed with a swift swing of his baseball bat at her head.
Theyre not coming toward us! Ernest said.
Ill go get their attention, Fritz said.
No, Bill said. We need you here. Both of you. Otherwise well get overwhelmed.
Ill go, Jack said.
Bill turned to look at him. He looked so small.
No, Bill said.
Whos better than me at making noise? Jack said.
Hes got a point there, Ernest said, tripping a Lurcher over and bringing his golf club down on the back of its head.
Bill was torn. The Lurchers were closing on the jungle.
We need him to do it, Dad, Fritz said. If he doesnt, we might as well give up now.
Okay, Bill said. Okay. But dont get too close.
I wont, Jack said.
He took off at a run, Nip curled about his shoulders. A Lurcher took a swipe at him as he passed.
Stay away from my son! Bill said, swinging the machete down and removing the Lurchers head.
Bills heart was in his mouth as Jack approached the wayward Lurchers.
Hey! Jack said. Hey! Uglies!
The Lurchers turned to look at him. Jack paused and took a step back. Their faces were torn and shredded with blood seeping from cuts and gashes. They groaned at him with their death rattle. Something green grew across their faces.
Did becoming a Lurcher make you that ugly? Jack said. Or were you born that way?
Nip hopped down from Jacks shoulders and hissed at the Lurchers. The Lurchers stumbled toward them. Jack backed away. The Lurchers ambled after him.
Come on, Nip, Jack said.
Nip climbed up Jacks leg and perched on his shoulder. A few Lurchers at the back lost interest and began shuffling toward the jungle again. Jack rushed around the group, his back to the jungle.
Hey! Hey! he said. Follow the delicious human! Come on!
They turned to follow Jack, and step by step he led them back down the beach.
Weve got company! Jack said as he brought the Lurchers over to his father and brothers.
Fritz, Ernest, you take care of them, Bill said. Ill hold back this lot.
Fritz and Ernest turned and struck at the Lurchers. Jack leapt forward and aimed a blow at their heads as often as he dared. The last Lurcher from Jacks group fell, and Fritz and Ernest turned to their father, who was being set upon by Lurchers on every side. His movements were slow and weak. Fritz and Ernest rushed to his aid.
KA-BOOM!
The explosion tore the front of the ship clean off, like a champagne cork bursting from a bottle. The pointed end hung limp to one side by a thin strip of rusted metal. It dangled there a moment, and then snapped off, falling to the sea below, crushing the Lurchers struggling in the shallow sea.
Better late than never, Ernest said.
All we have to do now is kill the Lurchers on the beach, Bill said.
Easier said than done, Fritz said. Theres an awful lot left.
And more Lurchers are heading for the jungle! Jack said. Ill go round them up!
Yes, Bill said. And be careful. If we can all push through today, we can sit back and relax for the rest of our lives.
Bill turned. Jack hadnt moved. He stood staring at the jungle. When Bill looked up to see what Jack was watching, the blood froze in his veins.
We have to cross the bridge, Bill said, voice distant and cold.
What? Fritz said. Why? We can do this.
No, Bill said. We cant.
Why not?
Because theyre already in the jungle.
Fritz and Ernest turned to see an army of Lurchers emerging from the dense jungle foliage.



Six

Where did they come from? Fritz said.
He was holding Jacks hand and pulling him along as they ran. Despite their difference in size, Jack wasnt much slower than Fritz. Ernest, on the other hand, struggled to keep up.
The cruise liner, Ernest said. They must have come out before we got here, stumbled into the jungle and been wandering around in there ever since. Until the explosions drew them.
Great, Fritz said. So we came here for nothing.
No, not for nothing, Bill said. At least now we know what were up against.
I think Id prefer not to know, Fritz grumbled.
Fritz, Ernest and Jack ran across Family Bridge. Bill got halfway across and stopped. He took out the final grey tube from his bag, lit it, and placed it in the hollow of a bamboo cane. The white smoke issued out through the gap in the top like a chimney. The Lurchers groaned and staggered onto the bridge, four men thick and two dozen deep.
Dad! Jack said. Come on!
Bill turned and ran.
I wish we hadnt made the bridge quite so strong now, Ernest said. We should have used paper.
The Lurchers staggered across the bridge. One Lurcher, intrigued by the smoke and hissing noise, reached into the gap in the bamboo and extracted the grey tube. He inspected it, and sniffed at it with his ruined nose. His head jolted back with disgust, lips curling at the smell. He brought his arm back to toss it. Jack saw him and ran toward the bridge, waving his arms.
No! Jack shouted. Dont throw it!
The Lurcher with the grey tube turned to look at Jack.
Jack! Bill said, stepping forward. Get away from the bridge now! Get away from the-!
KA-BOOM!
A thick wall of air rushed toward them, an explosion of red body parts and shards of yellow bamboo flew into the air. The shockwave knocked them all to the ground.



Seven

Bill started awake. His vision was blurry. A cream coloured blob stood over him. A high-pitched tone rung in his ears. Someone said something, but the voice came in curt muffles, sounding like it came through a tuba. Bill turned his head to the side, and a square block of yellow began to take shape.
Only the ends of Family Bridge on either side of the embankment still remained, jutting bamboo aflame. Curls of smoke hid the beach, and then rose up into the air and disappeared on a strong breeze like a magic trick. The Lurchers on the bridge were gone, and those on the other side, some with newly missing limbs, groaned with disappointment at having missed their meal. They crowded around one another, pushing forward, forcing a couple of the Lurchers into the raging river. They were swept downriver and out to sea. Then the Lurchers began wandering in different directions. Some headed back down the beach, others toward the seafront, others headed back to the cruise liner, but most walked along the riverside, following it up into the jungle.
Bill looked back at the cruise liner, still jutting up in the air like a monument to the old world. Lurchers fell out of the wreckage like a running tap, stumbled through the shallow water onto the beach, and into the jungle in one continuous line. Bills hearing was the last thing to clear.
ad Can you hear me? Fritz said. Dad?
Fritz clicked his fingers in front of his fathers face.
Yes, Bill said. I can hear you. Wheres Jack? Where is he?
Then Bill was aware Ernest had something cradled in his arms. When he looked closer he realised it was Jack. His face was covered with blood.



Eight

A thin wisp of grey smoke wound upward into the sky. It was thin and faint compared to the thick black clouds to the west on the opposite side of the island. And something jutted up at the sky there, something big and massive, but largely obscured by the jambu trees. Liz reached for the winch to take her down to the ground, but held back. She looked down at Francis who stood beside her, holding her hand.
What was that noise, Momma? Francis said.
It was an explosion, Liz said.
Did Daddy cause it?
Yes, she said. He did.
Why?
Because there are some bad men out there.
Like the bad men on the Adventurer?
Liz turned to look at Francis. He was small for his age and looked even smaller in Jacks old clothes that swamped him in arm and leg.
I didnt know you remembered that, Liz said.
I remember, he said. Bad men on the boat coming for us. When we got shipwrecked.
Yes, Liz said, pushing the memory from her mind. Bad men like that. We have to stop them from getting on the island or we will have to leave.
Leave? But I like it here.
I do too.
The foliage on the edge of the clearing shook and admitted Bill, Ernest and Fritz. Bill carried something in his arms. Liz put a hand to her chest and felt a lump form in her throat.
Bill? she said, calling down. Is that Jack? Whats happened?
Get the winch down, quick! Bill said.
Lizs hands were a blur as she threaded the coarse rope through her hands and lowered the winch. Bill strapped himself into the harness and gripped Jack around the armpits.
Pull me up! he said.
Liz pushed a container full of water over the edge. As it fell, Bill rose fast, gripping Jack tight in his arms. He came to a stop.
Take Jack, he said.
Liz took hold of Jack and laid him on the floor. Jack had a stream of dried blood that ran from his right ear and down to the bottom of his neck. Bill knelt beside Jack on the floor.
Get my things, Bill said, unbuttoning his shirt.
What things? Liz said.
God damn it, Liz! Nows not the time to be dense. My medical things. Hurry.
Bill took a pair of scissors from the table and cut Jacks T-shirt open. Liz returned with Bills medical kit. She dumped it on the floor and opened the top. Bill reached in and took out a stethoscope.
Mummy, whats going on? Francis said. Is Jack going to be all right?
Liz took Francis in her arms.
Yes, dear, she said, Jacks going to be fine. Hes just sleeping. Do Mummy a favour and go down to your brothers.
Okay.
Francis tottered off to the winch and pedalled himself down.
What happened? Liz said to Bill. I heard explosions.
We blew up the boat, and then Lurchers came spilling out of it. We got to the bridge and they followed us. We were about to blow it up too, but Jack saw one of the Lurchers pick up the tube and was about to hurl it. So, he stepped up and stopped him.
Liz covered her mouth. Her eyes shimmered with tears.
Is he going to be okay? she said.
Bill pressed the stethoscope to Jacks chest.
His hearts fine, he said. Hes breathing normally.
Bill inserted the otoscope into Jacks bleeding ear. He angled it to peer inside.
Whys there blood coming out of his ear? Liz said.
Its his eardrum, Bill said. It was perforated by the explosion.
Will he ever be able to hear again? Liz said, voice shaking.
I dont know. Theres a lot of damage. Theres nothing I can do without full surgery equipment. Well have to wait and see.
I suppose Nip will have to be his ears for a little while.
Bills face scrunched up. He sat back and put his hand over his eyes.
I thought wed lost him, Liz, he said. I thought he was gone.
Sh-sh-sh-sh-sh, Liz said, taking Bill in her arms. Hes all right. Hes going to be okay. If the worse comes to the worst hell have to rely on his left ear more, thats all.
Bill cleared his throat and breathed in a ragged breath.
He was a little hero today, he said. We wouldnt be here now if it wasnt for him.
There was a reflective pause. Liz brushed a tear out of the corner of her eye.
We should let the boys know hes going to be all right, she said. They must be worried sick.
Yes, Bill said, but he didnt move.
Ill wash him, Liz said. You go tell the boys. And prepare his bed. Hell need to rest.
Bill wiped his eyes and sniffed through his blocked up nose.
All right, he said. And after we put him to bed weve got to discuss what were going to do.
Liz frowned.
With Jack? she said.
No, Bill said. About the Lurcher invasion.



Nine

There are only two ways the Lurchers can cross to our part of the island, Bill said.
On a map, Bill pointed to a narrow strip of land in the north labelled Flamingo Marsh. The island was a crescent shape, with a large river running from the north through to the south, dividing the land into two parts. The east coast, where the Robinsons lived, was three times larger than the west.
The only other way across was the bamboo bridge, Bill said, but obviously, thats no longer an option.
Bill crossed the bridge off the map.
Which means, he said, they will have to advance to the north and cross Flamingo Marsh before turning south and coming at us.
Liz, Fritz, Ernest and Francis nodded in agreement.
The way I see it, Bill said, we have two options. We meet them face-on and die, or we employ our evacuation plan. Our only real option is to leave.
No! Francis said. I like it here!
The next island will be even better, Bill said. Youll see.
I dont want to see. I want to stay here.
Make no mistake, if we stay, they will come down on us without mercy.
How long do you think we have? Liz said.
Two days, Bill said. Three, tops.
How many of them were there?
Hundreds. Maybe thousands. Its hard to tell. And those are just the ones we saw. There could have been more in the jungle, and more still in the cruise ship. Weve got our escape plan. Weve got our boat. I suggest we take it and get out of here. Well load up all our supplies and be gone before they get anywhere near us.
What if we stayed here in the trees? Liz said.
For how long? Bill said. And what happens when we run out of food? Or we roll over in our sleep and fall out of the tree? Its not worth the risk when we have a perfectly good boat out there waiting for us to use.
There was a pause. Ernest had a thoughtful expression on his face.
Why dont we build traps? he said.
Good thinking, Ernest, Bill said. Well hunt for some animals, dry the meat and take it with us.
Ernest shook his head.
No, he said. I mean hunting Lurchers. We know this island better than anyone.
We dont want to trap them, Bill said. We want to kill them.
First we trap them, and then we kill them.
There was a pause. Liz nodded.
Its an idea, she said.
Its suicide, Bill said. Well never build enough traps to stop them all.
We dont need to stop them all, Liz said. We just need to stop most of them. If a few get through, we can take them down ourselves.
How do we kill the ones we do trap?
We have a gun.
With four bullets.
We have bows and arrows.
Brilliant, Bill said. So were going to re-enact the American Indian Wars?
Technically were more advanced than they are, so were the Europeans in this situation.
Bill looked at Liz.
Youre being serious? he said.
I dont want to run away from everything weve built here, Liz said. I know weve got a lot left to build yet, but its our home.
I understand, Bill said, really, I do. Believe me, I want to stay too. My only concern is our safety. Leaving now guarantees that.
What if we cant find another island? Liz said. What if the next island we come to has even more Lurchers? What if we get stuck on the mainland, or swept up in a storm? The monsoon season isnt over yet.
Look, Bill said. We all knew this could happen. Thats why we came up with the escape plan. Now youre saying you dont want to go?
Everything weve built here, everything weve done
We can do it all again, Bill said. Do you honestly think you could ever rest easy here again knowing those things are out there?
I know Ill never rest easy out there on the mainland, Liz said.
Well find another island. There must be lots out there.
And what if we get stuck at sea?
We have provisions on board. We can survive.
I dont want to survive, Liz said. I want to live!
We must survive first, then live.
Liz frowned, shaking her head.
Why dont we set fire to it all? she said. Set fire to the whole island, reduce it to ash.
And then what do we do? Bill said. What do we survive on? Youre being irrational. The fire would destroy everything. Wed have no home, no food, nothing. Then wed have to find another island anyway.
And what about Jack? Liz said. He cant go on a long voyage the way he is! What if we take him out to sea now and he needs medicine?
Well take plenty with us.
And if we run out?
We wont run out. Look, I think weve debated enough. Lets put it to a vote. Who votes we get on a boat and leave right now?
Bill raised his hand. After a moment, Ernest followed. And then, not looking at Francis or his mother, Fritz put up his hand.
Fritz! Francis said.
Dads right, Fritz said. We have to do whats best for us all.
Who votes we stand and fight? Bill said.
Liz and Francis raised their hands.
Three to two, Bill said. Motion carried to evacuate the island.
Wait, Francis said. What about Jack?
Hes asleep, resting, Bill said.
Shouldnt he get a vote too?
Were voting for Jacks welfare too.
Voting for what? a voice behind them said.
Jack hobbled out of the shadows and into the warm glow of the candlelight. He was in his bedclothes. He rubbed his eyes.
Jack! Francis said.
He leapt up and wrapped his arms around his brothers waist. Jack smiled and rested his hand on his little brothers shoulder.
Heres our little hero, Fritz said with warmth.
Jack took a step forward, and then braced himself on the wall. Everyone was up on their feet in an instant to help him.
Im all right, Jack said. But I cant seem to walk straight.
Its your ear, Bill said. It helps keep you balanced. Yours is damaged, so you cant balance very well right now. Youll get used to it.
Fritz got up so Jack could have his chair. Jack sat down. Ernest ruffled his hair.
This means Ill be able to make even more noise and I wont be able to hear it, Jack said.
They all smiled, but the smiles didnt touch their eyes.
Are you hungry? Liz said.
Jack didnt respond, and just looked at the map.
Jack, Liz said.
The family shared a look of concern. Liz moved to Jacks other side.
Jack, she said.
He turned to look at her.
Are you hungry? Liz said.
Famished, Jack said.
Lizs mouth turned down as she moved to the oven. The Robinsons all looked at Jack, saddened by his injury. Liz took a deep breath, wiped her eyes and composed herself. She opened the ovens front door and brought out a plate using a tea towel. She sat the plate before Jack on the dining table.
Be careful, she said. The plates hot.
Jack picked up his knife and fork and tucked into his meal. Francis ran to the desk in the corner of the room and returned with something behind his back.
I made something for you, Francis said to Jack.
He brought his hand out. He held a piece of cardboard in the shape of a shield. On it was written:
MEDAL OF HONOUR
TO: JACK ROBINSON
FOR OUTSTANDING BRAVERY
FROM: THE ROBINSON FAMILY
Mum helped me with the spelling, Francis said, but I did all the colouring.
Thats amazing, Francis, Jack said. Thank you.
Francis unhooked the safety pin and pinned it to Jacks T-shirt. Jack beamed.
We were just talking about what were going to do next, Liz said. Either leave, or stay and fight.
Leave? Jack said. Why would we leave?
Some of us think its the safer option, Liz said.
Jack shook his head.
No, he said. Weve got to at least try. Weve fought every day weve been here  against the jackals, against the weather, against everything. Lurchers are just another obstacle. In five months we havent had one Lurcher. Then we have a storm and a boatload turns up. Well just have to deal with it.
There was a pause of reflective silence. Fritz frowned.
Lets put it to a vote, Liz said. Those who want to evacuate?
Bill and Ernest raised their hands.
Fritz? Bill said. Were voting here.
I know, Fritz said.
Are you sure you dont want to put your hand up?
Those who wish to stay and make a stand? Liz said.
Liz, Fritz, Francis and Jack raised their hands.
There it is, then, Liz said. Two to four. We stay and fight.



Ten

Clumps of dirt flew through the air and landed on a large mound. The late morning sunlight glinted off the scratched lip of a shovel as another chunk of dirt flew through the air. Bill paused and wiped a hand over his brow, his fingers came away wet and dirty.
Lets take a break, he said.
Bill threw his shovel out of the hole he was in, reached up, and pulled himself out. Ernest, on the other end of the hole, followed. A stone flew from another hole, almost striking Bill in the face. Bill peered into the hole.
Hey! he said. I said lets take a break!
Liz and Fritz stopped, and leaned their shovels against the dirt wall of their hole. Fritz climbed out, and then helped his mother up. The men had their shirts off, looking like miners having spent the day down the pit. Liz toiled under a thin T-shirt that was soaked with sweat. The holes were ten feet long, four feet wide and seven feet deep. Before them, spread out in a chessboard-like pattern were a series of identical rectangular holes. The Robinsons drank from bottles made from hard fruit skins and bamboo canes. They sat on the edges of their pits, looking out at the jungle.
How are we looking? Bill said.
Jack and Francis sat on a branch with a good view of the encroaching jungle. They were attaching arrowheads and goose feathers to sticks.
Were all clear, Jack said.
Strange to think theyre on their way here now, isnt it? Liz said.
But they are, Bill said. And we need to be ready.
He took another pull of water, picked up his shovel and started to dig again.
When you said a short you break, you werent kidding, Liz said.



Eleven

Jack climbed a coconut tree. His small hands found handholds where a man could not even fit his toe. Twenty feet up, he looked out at the jungle. A flock of rainbow-coloured parrots flew over the treetops. In one hand he held a long stick. He reached over and hit a coconut. It fell to the ground on a bed of soft moss. Observing what Jack was doing, Nip leapt into open air and grabbed hold of the base of a broad leaf. He seized the coconuts and tossed them to the ground.
Good boy, Nip! Jack said.
Is that all of them? Ernest said from the ground.
Yes, Jack said.
Ernest bent down to start picking up the coconuts.
Oh no, wait, Jack said. Theres one more.
Jack swung his stick and struck the remaining coconut. It fell and landed inches from Ernests head. He leapt back.
Are you insane? he said.
Sorry, Jack said with a chuckle.
Jack dropped his stick, which fell a few inches to Ernests other side, and descended to the ground. He sat down cross legged beside Ernest. They began tying the vines together into a latticework of squares, forming a large net. They laid it out flat on the ground and put the coconuts inside it.
Jack, Ernest said. Do you think you could carry this vine up to that branch?
Jack didnt respond.
Dont pretend like you cant hear me, Ernest said. Your deaf ear is on the other side.
Jack smiled.
Theres no fooling you, is there? he said.
Jack took to the tree, scaling it as fast as a monkey. He got to the branch Ernest had pointed at.
Now what? Jack said.
Now loop the vine over the branch and throw it down to me, Ernest said.
Jack did. Ernest took hold of the dangling vine and pulled, but the net full of coconuts would not rise off the ground. Ernest hauled the vine with all his weight, but it wasnt enough. Jack thumped his chest with his fists and went, A-AH-AH-AH AHHHH! He leapt into free air and grabbed hold of the vine. Adding his weight to Ernests made the coconut net rise to the upper branches of the tree. They tied the vine to a large rock.
Can you talk to the animals too? Ernest said to Jack. Because that would be a huge help.
Jack flinched, and cupped a hand over his ear.
Its hurting again? Ernest said. Go to Mum and get your medicine.
Ill be all right, Jack said.
Go, Ernest said in a stern voice leaving no room for argument. Now.
All right, all right, Jack said. Mr Bossy.



Twelve

Fritz hacked at the base of a nambu tree while Ernest held a hand to his chin in thoughtful repose.
I think we should chop a bit more on this side, Ernest said.
Fritz changed position and chopped where Ernest suggested.
Now a little on this side, Ernest said.
Fritz shot Ernest a look, who held up his hands.
We want to get this right, dont we? Ernest said.
Fritz hacked at the tree. It leaned to one side, creaked ominously, and then began to fall. When it hit the ground it struck another tree that had been felled. They lay against one another, with no space to squeeze through. Ernest grinned.
Not bad aye? he said.
Shut up and give me a hand with the next one, Fritz said. Dad wants this done by tonight.
Begin chopping here, Ernest said.
Youre a born supervisor, did you know that?
Know it, and love it.
Jack and Francis ran out with their own axes and hacked at the felled trees branches. They dragged them toward the holes and dumped them inside. In the hole, Bill and Liz chopped the branches into two foot-long segments, and then shaved one end to form a sharp point. They buried these in the floor of the hole, the points facing up. Then they climbed out of the hole and covered it with broad leaves. The Robinson family came together.
Its getting late, Liz said. Im going to go get the dinner on. What does everyone want?
Pork, Fritz said.
Chicken, Ernest said.
Steak, Bill said.
Ice cream! Francis said.
Salad! Jack said.
Shouldnt we all have the same thing, like usual? Ernest said. To reduce waste.
Tomorrow is a special day, Liz said. Ill cook you all whatever you want.
Whatre you going to have? Bill said.
Liz shrugged.
Im going to have a bit of each of yours, she said. Im taking Francis with me.
Liz took Francis by the hand and led him in the direction of Falcons Nest.
Wed best get back to it, Bill said. Lets finish building this corridor, and then you boys can call it a day.
Not for you? Fritz said.
No, Bill said. I have one more thing to do tonight.



Thirteen

Bill plucked the wire. It was tight, drawn taut between two nambu trees. He turned, walked fifty paces and plucked another wire. It too was tight. A twig snapped. Bill turned, machete ready. But nothing materialised. He walked backwards, stepping over a third wire. There was another sound, like crushed autumn leaves. Bill turned to face it. Again, nothing. He picked up three spools, each attached to a different piece of wire. He climbed onto Lightfoot the donkeys back, and began to trot away. The wire unfurled from the spools and stretched across the jungle like telephone lines.



Fourteen

The family sat round the dining table. They had moved it outside onto the courtyard to enjoy the dying sunlight. It was a cool night, and the fireflies came out to dance about their heads, adding a sense of enchantment. Liz put on an amazing spread with so much food they couldnt fit it all on one table, and had to reach over to a second table if they wanted pork or mashed potatoes.
This is a verifiable feast, Mum, Ernest said.
Its a special day tomorrow, Liz said. I wanted to celebrate.
Were certainly doing that, Fritz said.
He reached for the peas. His arm jerked, and he grunted with pain. He rubbed his muscles. Bill picked up his fork, and then dropped it. He massaged his wrist.
I see were all in great shape, Liz said.
Before we eat, Bill said, I thought we could say a few words.
He extended his hands to Fritz, who sat on his right, and Ernest on his left.
Are you serious? Ernest said.
We used to do it all the time before we got shipwrecked on this island, Bill said.
That was another life.
Its important to pray to God before tomorrow.
I dont believe in God, Ernest said.
Then do it for me, Bill said.
Ernest sighed, grumbled, and then held his fathers hand. Everyone else followed suit and bowed their heads.
Father, Bill said. I know its been a while since we last spoke to you, but we never forgot you. Were in need of your help, O Lord. You brought us to this island of safety, and we are truly thankful. And we are also thankful for the five months of peace you afforded us. Please protect us during this, our darkest hour. Protect my family, for they are good honest believers in you.
Ernest cleared his throat.
Thank you for all your kindness, Bill said. Amen.
The family, including a half-hearted whisper from Ernest, chorused: Amen.
Can we eat now? Ernest said. Or shall we pray to the sun and the rocks as well?
We can eat, Bill said.
Everyone dug in.



Fifteen

I ate so much Im not sure if the winch can take me, Fritz said, holding his stomach in his hands.
Youd better go up last, then, Ernest said, reaching for the winch to their treehouse. Because Im going to sleep like a log tonight.
Ill give you a hand with the washing up, Bill said to Liz, who was stacking the plates.
Its okay, Liz said. Lets just leave it on the table. Ill do it tomorrow.
What about the leftovers?
Well keep the meat, but you can give the vegetables to the animals.
Bill piled the leftover vegetables onto a plate and went around the corner to the animal pens. He went to the pig trough and slid the food into it. The pigs made quick work of it. Then he opened the gates to all the pens and ushered the animals out. He led the goats and sheep out by their collars and the cows by their bells. With Valiant the bull, he was more cautious, and left him to make his own way out. He left Lightfoot in his stall, the door closed. Bill shut the gates behind the other animals to prevent their return. He clapped his hands and made loud noises, startling the animals into running into the jungle that backed onto Falcons Nest.
He went back around to the front of the treehouse and found Liz wasnt there. He held onto the winch, and pulled himself up. He stepped into the treehouse. Installed on the handrail of the balcony were three steel bells of a similar design to those found in old manor houses answered by serving men. Bill tugged on the wire that led off into the jungle. He shut the swing doors.
Liz was in the bedroom in her nightclothes: a baggy T-shirt and shorts. She was pinning her hair back, looking into the full-length mirror. She was a beauty, Bill reflected. Her natural dark hair had been bleached to a lighter tone by the sun, bringing out the sparkle of her green eyes. The continuous activities in maintaining the home had kept her in as good a shape as a woman ten years her junior. Bill approached her from behind and wrapped his arms around her. She held his arms as they rocked side to side. He kissed her on the neck and nuzzled her ear. She turned around and kissed him on the lips. It was slow, close, and sensual. He felt like she was trying to pass meaning through it to him.
Shall we go to bed? Bill said.
Liz shook her head.
Why? Bill said.
Itll feel like its the last time, Liz said. I dont want it to feel like that.
It will be the last time, Bill said, nodding. The last time we do it with an island full of Lurchers.
Liz smiled, and leaned her head against Bills chest. He kissed her, and then led her toward the bed.



Sixteen

Ernest sat in the corner with a candle reading Around the World in Eighty Days, clinging to it like it were a life raft. Fritz stroked the top of Beautys head with a feather. She had her eyes closed and was drifting to sleep. Jack sat with Nip in his lap, stroking his hair. Ernest looked up from his book.
Are you scared about tomorrow? Ernest said.
No, Fritz said. You?
No. Jack?
Nuh-uh, Jack said.
There was a pause.
Im scared, Francis said.
You dont need to be scared, Fritz said, wrapping an arm around him. Youve got three big brothers to take care of you.
But wholl take care of you? Francis said.
Mum and Dad.
Wholl take care of them?
You will.
That made Francis smile.
Yes, he said. I will.
Well protect each other, Fritz said, and well all be here again tomorrow night. You just wait and see.
Everyone went back to their activities. The atmosphere felt a little more relaxed. Fritz looked at Beauty. Her eyes were closed. Fritzs smile faded. He put on the handling glove and lifted Beauty off her perch. He spoke in a low whisper.
You have to go now, Fritz said. You have to take care of yourself from now on. Go and have lots of chicks and lead a good life. Do me a favour: name one of them after me. Okay?
He went to the window and raised his arm, but she wouldnt fly. Fritz pointed out the window.
Go! he said.
Beauty cocked her head to the side in confusion. Fritz thrust his arm forward, and Beauty took flight out the window. He closed it behind her.
Wheres Beauty going? Francis said.
Home, Fritz said, wiping a tear from his eye. Shes going home.



Seventeen

Bill finished writing his journal entry and sat with his sons at the breakfast table. Sunlight spilled through the porthole windows and swing doors, but the space was still a little dark.
Im honestly not hungry, Fritz said, taking a seat at the breakfast table. Im still full from last night.
Liz stood at the oven frying bacon in a pan.
Try to eat something, she said. Its going to be a long day. Wheres Jack and Ernest?
Probably still asleep, Fritz said. You know what theyre like.
Bill got up and moved to the swing doors.
They need to get up soon, he said. Weve got a lot to do.
Across the way in the boys treehouse, Ernest approached the winch.
Ernest! Bill said.
What? Ernest said.
Can you wake Jack up? We need to eat breakfast and get to work.
Ernest disappeared inside the treehouse. Liz spooned some crispy bacon onto a plate and put it in the centre of the table. Francis reached over and took a few slices.
Youre an animal, Fritz said.
Francis shrugged.
Im hungry, he said.
Ernest appeared in the doorway across the way.
Hes not here, Ernest said.
What? Bill said. Then where is he?
Ernest shrugged. 
I dont know, he said.
Ernest strapped himself into the winch and eased himself down to the ground. Bill turned to the others.
Jack isnt in his bed, he said.
What? Fritz said. Then where is he?
Think carefully, Bill said. Did you see Jack go to bed last night?
Yes, Fritz said. If hes not there now, he must have left early this morning.
Liz and Bill shared a concerned expression. Ernest stepped off the winch and into Falcons Nest.
Hes probably just out climbing somewhere, Ernest said. You know what hes like.
The winch creaked as someone wound their way up. Jack stepped into the treehouse.
Jack! Liz said. Where have you been?
I went to go check on the traps, he said.
You what? Liz said.
Dont worry, he said. I kept to the trees, but I found-
Jack, you are never ever to go near the traps by yourself, Bill said. Do you understand?
Yes, but-
You could have hurt yourself! Liz said.
Will you two be quiet for a minute? Ernest said. Jack wants to say something.
Liz folded her arms and turned to Jack.
Well? she said.
I woke up this morning and couldnt get back to sleep, Jack said, so I went to go check up on the traps. And when I got there I saw two of them had been set off.
Liz looked at Bill.
I thought they werent supposed to be here until tomorrow? she said.
They shouldnt be, Bill said.
He turned to Jack.
Did you see what was inside the traps? he said.
Jack shook his head.
No, he said. I rushed here as fast as I could to tell you.
Wed best go take a look then, hadnt we? Ernest said.
After breakfast, Liz said.
Besides Francis, nobody ate.



Eighteen

Bill pushed the foliage aside and looked out at the open space. A bird flittered to a tree and perched on a net full of coconuts. It lifted its wing and groomed itself. One trap had been set off in the middle of the assault course, another at the far end.
Fritz, Ernest, with me, Bill said.
Im coming too, Jack said. I was the one who found it.
Im coming too, Liz said.
And me! Francis said.
All right, Bill said. Everyone just watch your step.
The Robinsons stepped out into the clearing and edged their way around the covered holes. They got to the one uncovered in the centre. They heard the frantic buzzing of flies before they saw what was inside. It was a wild pig, the sharpened spikes jutting up through its body. Franciss stomach heaved.
Im gonna be sick, he said. Ill never eat bacon again.
Wed best cover the hole over again, Bill said.
No, wait, Ernest said. I have an idea. Dad, give me your machete.
He did.
Fritz, Ernest said, lower me into the hole.
What for? Fritz said.
Just do it, will you.
Fritz lowered Ernest into the hole. Ernest stepped with his feet over the upraised spikes and batted away the flies with his hand. He hacked at the joint of the pigs back leg. Once it was off he raised it up for Fritz to take.
Thanks, Ern, Fritz said. But my birthday was a few months ago.
Give it to Jack, Ernest said. Jack, can you-?
I know what to do, Jack said.
Jack took off up a tree. Ernest watched and waited with a smile on his face. Jack made it to a branch twenty feet up and crawled along it.
Is anyone else confused? Liz said.
Categorically, Fritz said.
Watch, Ernest said.
Jack pulled a vine free from the branch, held it taut, took the knife he kept in his back pocket and cut the vine. Then he tied the pig leg to the vine and lowered it down over the hole. A smile spread across Bill and Lizs faces.
Where do you want it, Ern? Jack said.
A little lower, Ernest said. Thats it. Perfect. Well done, Jack.
Ernest turned back to the others.
Well? he said.
Well what? Fritz said. What use is the meat up there?
Think like a Lurcher, Ernest said. The holes dont have to kill them all, just hold them in place.
Fritz began to smile.
Ern, he said, if Ive never said it before, let me say it now: Youre a genius.
I think you might have just given us the edge, Bill said. 
Dont thank me, Ernest said. Jack did all the hard work.
Climbings easy, Jack said, making his way down the tree. Thinkings hard.
They moved to the second trap that had been set off. When Francis peered over the edge and looked inside it, he started crying. There was a roar that shook everyone to their bones.
Its a tiger! Jack said.
I didnt even know there was one on the island! Ernest said.
Bill turned pale.
After all these months, he said. That beast could have fallen on us at any moment
But it didnt, Liz said. Now its going to aid us against the undead.
The tiger had knocked most of the upturned stakes aside and now paced up and down inside the hole, as if impatient to be set free.
Do you suppose he was chasing the pig? Jack said.
Most likely, Bill said.
What shall we do? Fritz said.
Nothing. Well just cover the trap.
Fritz rubbed his hands together.
The Lurchers are in for a surprise! he said.
Im not sure if they can feel surprise, Bill said, but Im certainly looking forward to seeing what he does to them.
They pulled some fresh leaves from the foliage and covered the hole.
What shall we get working on today, Dad? Fritz said.
Fritz, Bill said, you show Francis how to set snares, and set them up around the Falcon and Robins Nest. Theyll be our last line of defence. And keep an ear out for the bells. When they start ringing, you come running.
Fritz took Francis by the hand and led him away.
Ernest, Bill said, you use the machete and hack up the rest of the pig. Give the pieces to Jack to attach to the vines. After youve finished, make more of these coconut contraptions.
Will do, Ernest said. Come on, Jack.
And what are we going to do? Liz said.
Bills eyes shone.
Youre going to help me make the most devastating trap of all, he said.
You big romantic.



Nineteen

Bill and Liz chopped down a narrow tree and stripped away all the branches. Bill used the axe to make an indentation along the log lengthways. Then they tied a vine around each end of the trunk. Bill attached the vines to an arrow and then shot it over a tree branch. He retrieved the vines and tied them to Lightfoot. Bill eased the donkey forward. The trunk rose five and a half feet in the air. Then they reattached the vines to the trunk. A gentle push on it made it rock side to side like a pendulum.
Nice of you to make us a swing, Liz said. Whats it for?
Its a beheader, Bill said. My own design.
He picked up a bag that clattered like it was full of glass. He reached in and brought out a black shiny rock. It had been shaped into a long, flat ruler with a razor sharp edge.
Its obsidian, Bill said. I was shaping them into knives to give you as an anniversary present. But needs must.
Bill jammed the knife blade lengthwise into the indentation, forming a blade.
The Lurchers come, he said, we release the log, it severs their necks, crushes their heads, or knocks them into a pit. And after it swings, we can pull the vine back so the log can swing again.
Wonderful, Liz said. Fun for all the family.
Come on, Bill said. Give me a hand making another one.
I need to go make lunch, Liz said. Ill get Fritz to help you.
Dont make anything too heavy, Bill said. Were going to see a lot of horrible things today. Best if it doesnt all come back up.



Twenty

Good work, Francis, Fritz said, checking his snare.
Fritz set it down on the ground and got to his feet. The courtyard between the two treehouses was thick with snares and traps.
No ones getting through this lot in one piece, Fritz said.
Are the bad men really bad? Francis said with all the curiosity of an eight year old.
Yes, Fritz said. And no. You see, theyre not deliberately bad, theyre just bad by nature. Im sure if they could choose, most of them would be good.
But people arent always good. Miss Anliker, the school principal, she wasnt good.
True. Maybe she was a bad man in disguise.
Francis frowned with thought.
She was a vegetarian, he said. She must have been pretending. She was a bad man!
Fritz, Liz said, stepping onto the courtyard, your father needs your help.
All right, Fritz said.
He turned to Francis and held up his hand.
Good work, he said. High five!
Francis jumped and high fived Fritzs hand. Fritz left.
What do you think of our snares, Mum? Francis said.
Theyre great, Liz said. I feel safer already. Come on, lets go inside. You can help me make lunch.
Tring-a-ling!
Lizs head jerked up at the first bell. It came to a stop. Liz listened for more, but there was nothing but silence. Liz took a deep breath and took a step toward Falcons Nest.
Tring-a-ling! the first bell went again. Liz bent down to Francis.
Francis, she said, I need you to stay and guard our home, okay?
But I thought we were going to make lunch? Francis said.
Tring-a-ling! the second bell went.
Well make it later, Liz said. Right now weve got a few things to do. I want you to go into the treehouse and wait there, okay?
Tring-a-ling! the first and second bells went. The first bell paused for a second between each ring.
But I want to go out and fight with you, Francis said.
You are fighting, Liz said. Youre defending our home. You must make sure none of the Lurchers get in while were away. Okay?
Francis nodded.
Okay, he said.
Promise me you wont go anywhere.
I promise.
Pinky promise me.
Liz extended her little finger, and Francis wrapped his own around hers. She lifted him up in her arms, held him tight and kissed him on the cheek.
I love you, she said.
I love you too, Momma.
Lizs tears stung her eyes.
Ill be right back, she said.
Tring-a-ling! Liz looked up at the bells. The first bell rattled and rang, flying wildly side to side, never stopping. The second bell rang almost as frequently.
Tring-a-ling! the third bell rang. Liz turned and ran into the jungle.



Twenty-One

Bill and Fritz had just felled another tree by the time Liz rounded the corner.
Theyre coming! Liz said.
Whos coming? Bill said.
My parents. Who do you think?
Bill looked over at their traps.
But were not ready, he said.
Whatll we do? Liz said.
When did the bells start ringing?
About five minutes ago.
Then we have about twenty or thirty minutes before they get here.
Bill punched a tree.
Crap! he said. We need more time.
How much longer do we need? Liz said.
I dont know. Thirty minutes. An hour. The longer the better.
Liz hopped onto Lightfoots back.
Then you keep building, she said.
Bill stepped in front of the donkey.
Where do you think youre going? he said.
To give you your extra time, Liz said.
Bill shook his head.
Well head for the boat and get out of here, he said.
No. Were fighting. And somebody has to do this. Youre better at building than me. Do you really want one of the boys to do it?
Bill thought for a moment, then stepped aside. Liz pulled up next to him, leaned down and kissed him on the cheek.
I love you, Bill said.
And you always will, Liz said. Now, get back to work, slacker.
She turned toward the jungle with a determined look in her eye.
Giddyup! she said.
The donkey sprang into a sedate pace. Bills heart swelled with equal parts pride and concern as his beloved rode with a distinct lack of grace into the foliage.
What do you want me to do, Dad? Fritz said.
First, help me put this trunk into position, Bill said.
They grabbed a vine each and put all their strength and weight into hefting the trunk, and then tied it off. They picked up an axe each and felled another log. They stripped it, prepared it, and hoisted it into position. They completed two more in quick succession before they stopped.
There, Bill said, wiping the sweat from his forehead. That wasnt so difficult, was it? Go get your brothers.
Bill took a deep breath through his nose and got his breath back. He stood with his hands behind his back surveying the area they had turned into a booby trap artists paradise. The holes were covered with broad leaves, indistinguishable from the greenery surrounding it. Lumps of dripping meat hung above each of them. Half a dozen trunks with obsidian fringes sat perched in the boughs of half a dozen trees. The nets of coconuts hung overhead, precarious and ready. The Robinson boys strode over to their father.
You wanted to see us? Ernest said.
Yes, Bill said. The Lurchers are on their way, and there wont be just a few of them. They will come in their hundreds, in their thousands, maybe. But we must be ready for them. Do not hesitate. Because they will not hesitate.
For a moment he said nothing and looked from one son to the next, taking them in.
Im very proud of you, he said. All of you. Fritz, for your strength. Ernest, for your wisdom. Jack, for your bravery. Francis, for his curiosity. You boys are the greatest achievement of my life. It makes me proud to see you all standing here before me today. No father could have better sons.
His sons smiled back at him.
You boys have been lucky enough never to have experienced war, Bill said. Today you might just get a taste. It wont be sweet, it wont be honourable, but we will be victorious. The Lurchers are a flood, and though it may not seem like it, their numbers are not limitless. Lets show those Lurchers what Swiss Robinsons are made of.
Yeah! Ernest said, getting carried away. Lets do it!
He looked at Fritz and Jack with sheepish eyes and blossomed red.
Jack, Bill said, I want you in the trees with the vines attached to the coconut bombs. Ernest, I want you to take care of the trunks in the trees.
Can I suggest we call them trunks of terror? Ernest said.
Bill thought for a moment.
No, he said. Get into your positions.
Jack and Ernest slung their bows and a full quiver of arrows over their shoulders. Ernest climbed a tree with slow deliberate movements with the air of a man not comfortable with his own body. Jack took to a tree and scaled it as easily as if he were walking.
Im not sure whose brother Jack is, Fritz said. Ours or Nips.
If hed been born after we got to the island, I would have had serious words with your mother, Bill said.
Fritz chuckled.
What do you want me to do? he said.
I want you by my side, Bill said. If any of those Lurchers get through this assault course, I want us ready for them.
Fritz felt at the handle of his baseball bat jutting up from the sheath on his back. Bill slid his machete into a specially-made sheath at his waist. They nodded to one another and took up their bows. The foliage at the end of the booby trap corridor rustled. The Robinson men nocked their arrows and waited. The foliage burst open. Liz emerged, riding Lightfoot. She led the donkey deftly around the traps.
Theyre here, Liz said.
She was out of breath, face drawn and pale. She climbed off Lightfoot.
Theyre here, and there are too many of them, she said. Well never hold them back.
We have to try, Bill said.
This is all that stands in their way between us and them, Fritz said, gesturing to the booby traps before them. I hope its enough.
So do I, Bill said.
The death groans began as a deep guttural grunt. Quiet, and yet somehow piercing  not to the ear, but to the soul. The foliage rustled and shook. A torn arm hung at the side of a middle aged blonde woman who was the first to come through. Then an old mans shredded face emerged, his moustache pink with blood, his white eyes vacant and cold. They came like they were entering through a portal from another world.
They stepped forward, and the flood began.



Twenty-Two

The Lurcher had eyes only for the meat. She approached, arms outstretched and grasping. The meat came within a hairs width. The Lurcher took a step forward and fell through a false jungle floor and into the pit, a dozen spikes impaling her body at once. There were hard thuds and wet cracking noises as more Lurchers piled into the pits. But still, moaning their low groan of the dead, they pushed on. One Lurcher made contact with the meat, but it swung there, above the hole, the movement making it even more irresistible. A brunette Lurcher wearing a pink bikini with blood splatters on the cups had half her face missing, her eye hanging from its socket.
That has got to be the least sexy thing Ive ever seen, Fritz said.
Then a three hundred pound man in a tight pair of speedos stumbled through the foliage.
I remain corrected, Fritz said.
Thats enough sightseeing, Bill said. Form up!
The whole Robinson family nocked their arrows and raised their bows. They fired. The arrows sailed through the air and struck the Lurchers in the head, neck and chest. Only those struck in the head went down, trampled underfoot by those pushing from behind. The other Lurchers continued forward with arrows jutting from their torsos. Those not impaled got to their feet and reached for the meat with outstretched fingers.
Jack! Bill said. Release Coconut Bomb one!
Jack lowered his bow and pulled on the vine. The net opened, spilling its contents onto the hapless Lurchers below. The coconuts smashed open skulls and squirted brain matter over adjacent Lurchers. Proceeding Lurchers tripped over their fallen comrades.
Ernest! Bill shouted. Release the first trunk of terror!
Ernest pulled on a vine, and the trunk was released from its restrictive struts. The razor-edge glinted in the embers of daylight, and slammed into the Lurchers. It cut through the first row, slicing off heads and arms. The Lurchers behind took the force of the blow, and got knocked sideways, spilling into the open jaws of a pit. Spikes pierced their bodies in a dozen places, entering the soft rotten corpses like a finger in jelly. Some were impaled, but still alive. They put their arms out to either side to push themselves off the spikes, but lacked the strength to do so. The family continued to fire arrows at the Lurchers, aiming for the soft tainted flesh of their faces. Ernest pulled on the vine, returning the trunk back to its resting position, and released it again.
We should have made the holes deeper, Fritz said.
Yes, Bill said. All the way to Brazil.
Only once the hole was packed shoulder to shoulder with Lurchers could the undead stumble forward over their comrades heads and grab the meat. Tiny morsels fell into the waiting mouths and grasping hands of those below. The Lurchers bit one another and fought over the tiny scraps. The vine holding the bait snapped, and the meat fell into the pit along with the Lurcher. As the Lurchers stumbled over one another in the pits, they came to the next row of holes, and fell through the leaves.
Get back! Bill shouted to Ernest and Jack, who were standing on branches over the hoard.
Jack jumped with easy agility to another branch. Ernest crouched down and crawled to another limb. The rest of the family took aim and continued to fire arrows.
There was a booming roar from one of the pits. The tiger growled, and the Lurchers groaned back. The tiger backed into a corner, and the Lurchers converged. The tiger swung out with its paw and caught a Lurchers knee, knocking the leg off. The Lurcher fell to his remaining knee and crawled toward the tiger, who swiped again, taking off the Lurchers head. The tiger rose up on his back legs and swung his paw again, crushing a second Lurchers skull. Another Lurcher, with legs that dragged behind him, fell into the hole, landing on top of the tiger, who, startled, leapt across to the other side of the pit. The Lurcher opened his jaws and bit into the tigers flesh. The tiger roared, grabbed the Lurcher and tore it off. The other Lurchers lumbered toward the tiger, who, feeling fear, backed into the corner again. The Lurchers fell on the tiger, which clawed and bit and chewed and roared, but was overpowered by the incessant Lurcher onslaught. The tiger jumped at a Lurcher, coiled her legs, and sprang off him at the pits edge. She reached with her claws, piercing the earth, and pulled herself up, back legs clawing at the side of the pit, kicking dirt over the Lurchers below. She pulled herself free, but a Lurcher was on her. He bit deep into her back, crunching bone. The tiger roared, kicked him off, took his head in her jaws and brought them together like a vice. The Lurchers body went limp, and he fell to the ground. The tiger leapt across another pit, hopped onto a tree trunk that made up one side of the corridor, and took off into the jungle.
Jack, Ernest! Bill said.
They pulled their respective vines. The coconuts fell and the trunk scythed in. The coconuts crushed the skulls of a dozen Lurchers, but bounced ineffectively off the bonce of an imposing figure. The trunk of terror sliced through two rows of Luchers before striking the ribs of the same large Lurcher. He bore the brunt of the trunk. He bit at it, tearing a vine with one bite.
That has got to be the biggest man Ive ever seen, Fritz said.
Over seven feet tall if he was an inch, he lumbered over to a pit, stood at the edge, reached for the bait and plucked it like it were a piece of fruit from a low hanging tree.
Stop him! Bill said. Hes eating the bait! Shoot him!
The whole family took aim and fired at the huge Lurcher. He was as bald as a cue ball, and though he wore no helmet, it seemed to act as protection anyway, the arrows bouncing off his skull. Ernest, the closest of all the Robinsons, edged to the fringe of the tree branch he stood on.
Hey! Ernest said.
Three dozen heads, including the big mans, turned. Ernest pulled back the bowstring and aimed dead centre at the big Lurchers forehead. He released. The arrow shot through the mans head and out the back. It embedded itself into the foot of another Lurcher. Some brain matter was attached to it. The big Lurcher stood for a moment, put a hand to the hole in his forehead, and then slumped forward onto his knees, and then his face. Some of the Lurchers spotted Jack and Ernest, precarious on their branches, and approached the trees they were in. They began chomping at the bark, eating, biting and scratching with their teeth and clawed fingers.
Get out of those trees! Bill said. Move to another one!
Jack leapt to the next tree without a moments hesitation, but Ernest lacked the same confidence. He sat down and edged his way along the branch inch by laborious inch. The Lurchers gathered underneath him, arms outstretched, fingertips grazing the tip of his boots. The other Lurchers continued to gnaw at the tree trunk.
Hes not going to make it! Liz said.
The branch Ernest held onto was not thick. It wobbled up and down, and there was the sound of snapping wood fibres. Ernest stared down at the chomping teeth and outstretched arms reaching for him. He looked over at his family.
Help me! he said.
Fritz took a step forward.
No, Bill said.
We have to do something! Fritz said.
Bill reached into his pocket and took out his gun. He opened the chamber. Four bullets. He pulled the hammer back and aimed it at a random Lurcher. He pulled the trigger. The bullet smashed into the head of a Lurcher, hitting the side of its head and caving it in. Thick blood oozed out of the hole, and the Lurcher fell to the ground. The Lurchers turned to peer at the origin of the sound, and though not all the Lurchers turned to head toward them, many did. Bill fired again, blowing away another Lurcher. More Lurchers turned to face the family.
With the number of Lurchers clawing at him reduced, Ernest got to his knees, and then his feet. He edged back along the branch to the trunk of the tree, which swayed slightly. The Lurchers were still busy chewing at the tree. Ernest found a sturdier branch and edged along it to the next tree. No sooner was he across than the tree hed been on creaked, and fell to the ground. The Lurchers, forgetting why theyd bitten at the tree in the first place, turned and ambled toward the Robinsons.
Bill, Fritz and Liz lined up their bows, took careful aim and fired again and again. Their aim was now sharper. One in every two arrows they fired found its mark and dropped a Lurcher, but still they pressed forward, falling into the next pit.
Coconut Bomb three! Bill said.
Jack pulled the vine, but the trap didnt release. He pulled again, but nothing happened.
Its not working! Jack said.
He picked up a rock and threw it at the net, but missed. He picked up another rock, and missed again. Jack picked up a third rock, judged the distance, wound up his leg, and threw like a baseball pitcher. Thonk! The rock collided with the top of the net. Nothing happened.
Its jammed! Jack said.
Jack felt a tug at his trouser leg. Nip held up his arms as if he wanted to be picked up.
Not now, Nip, Jack said.
But Nip tugged at Jacks trouser leg again. Nip pointed to the coconut trap, and then himself. Jack picked him up.
Are you sure? Jack said.
Nip nodded.
Okay Jack said.
He held Nip in one hand, drew him back and threw him the way a shot putter throws, but aiming for height rather than distance. Nip flew through the air, hands outstretched, and latched onto the netting. He scaled his way to the top and bit at the vine. He spat out green fibres, screwing up his face and poking out his tongue at the taste. The vine creaked and snapped. The coconut trap fell, crushing a dozen Lurcher skulls below.
Yeah! Jack said. Well done, Nip!
Nip gave Jack a thumbs up. There was another snap. Nip looked up at the branch he was holding onto. The light brown coloured fibres were showing. He looked back at Jack. The branch snapped and he fell to the ground.
Nip! Jack said. No!
Nip stared up at the white eyes surrounding him. His fur stood up on end. He got to his tiny feet, but flinched when he put weight on his left foot. He limped toward Jacks tree. A Lurcher picked him up. Nip screamed and pulled at the Lurchers iron grip, but it was no use. The Lurcher opened his mouth wide.
Crunch!
Nip opened his eyes. The Lurchers head was caved in. It slumped to the ground. Nip pulled the Lurchers fingers off from around his waist. He looked up at the branches of a nearby tree. Stood there, throwing coconuts down at the Lurchers, were a family of apes. They screeched and pummelled the trees they perched on. One ape slipped and fell. A Lurcher was on him before he could turn around. Another ape tossed a coconut and smashed the Lurchers head in. The bitten ape scaled the bark of a tree and disappeared into the jungle.
Jack climbed down from his tree, swept Nip up in his arms and ran to his father. Bill looked out over the assault course. Lurchers had over-spilled from one pit to another, and still more were coming through the jungle foliage. Bill turned to Ernest in his tree.
Ernest! Bill said. Come down here.
Ernest did.
Jack, Bill said, I want you to go back to Francis and watch over him.
But you need my help! Jack said.
Bill rested his hand on Jacks shoulder.
Youve done enough here, Bill said. Now, you must protect Francis.
Bill reached into his pocket and came out with the gun.
There are two bullets, he said. If the worst comes to the worst, youll know what to do.
Im sorry, Jack said, tears stinging his eyes. If I voted differently, we would be on a boat now, somewhere safe.
We all voted, Bill said. And for the record, I think you were right.
The Lurchers groan of death filled their ears. They were approaching the last row of pits. Bill leaned down and kissed his son on the top of the head. Jack hugged his brothers and kissed his mother, who was in tears.
You come back to me and Francis, Jack said, looking up at his family. You come back to us, you hear me?
Jack took off into the foliage, heading for Falcons Next. Bill and the others shared sad expressions. Bill unsheathed his machete. Fritz drew his baseball bat. Ernest raised his golf club. Liz gripped her garden fork.
What say we send a few more of these demons back to hell? Bill said.
They all donned facemasks and stepped toward the pit.



Twenty-Three

Jack held Nip in his arms like a new-born babe and ran. He leapt over tree roots jutting from the ground, ducked under low hanging boughs and tore through the foliage. He stepped onto the courtyard in front of Falcons Nest. He realised his mistake a moment too late. He felt something tighten around his ankle, his head hit the ground, and suddenly he was upside down, swinging gently left to right. His eyes fluttered closed and he lost consciousness.



Twenty-Four

A mouth opened wide in a snarl. Liz stabbed the prongs of her garden fork through it, and into the Lurchers brain. Then she tossed the body aside like a soiled bale of hay. The family were drenched with sweat, their movements slow and laggard. Before them, the pit was a mass of undead bodies, writhing from the Lurchers still alive beneath.
A hand shot out from the heap of bodies and seized Fritz by the leg. Fritz pulled back, but the grip was tight, and stayed firm. The movement pulled the Lurcher out of the pit. Its emaciated body was so light Fritz could hardly feel it. The Lurcher had a torn lip, bent into a harsh smile. Fritz hit it on the head with his bat. The end snapped off, flew up and struck Fritz in the face. He hit the dirt. The Lurcher gripped his other foot and pulled himself up onto his elbows. Drool dribbled out of his mouth as he opened wide.
Fritz? Bill said. Fritz! No!
There was a screech and a flap of wings as a bird flew at the Lurcher, clawing at his face. The hand released and Fritz scrabbled back. The Lurcher reached up with its hands and gripped the bird. He snapped its wings with ease and bit the bird on the chest, tearing out the brightly coloured feathers. Blood oozed down the Lurchers face. The bird screeched in agony.
Beauty! Fritz said. No!
The Lurcher bit into the flesh of the hapless bird, whose head flopped to the side and became still. Fritz went into a mad rage and flew at the Lurcher with his broken bat, stabbing it in the face. It was dead after the third strike, but he kept at it. Soon there was nothing left but a bloody mess. Out of breath, Fritz fell to his knees before the bird.
Beauty he said. No
He darent touch Beauty after the Lurcher had bitten her.
Fritz, Liz said. Get up. We have to go.
We cant go, Bill said. There are still a lot of them left.
Bill, Liz said. We cant keep going like this.
There are snares around the house, Ernest said. We could use those.
There wont be enough to kill all these Lurchers, Bill said. Besides, I want to keep them away from the house.
So what do you want to do? Ernest said.
I say we lead the Lurchers away from Falcons Nest, Bill said, and make our way to the Bat Cave and get the boat. Well bring it around to Falcons Nest and get Jack and Francis.
The Bat Cave, Ernest said, shaking his head. Why did we let Francis name it?
Fritz was still on his knees. Ernest pulled on his arm, but he wouldnt get up.
She was a good bird, Ernest said. She gave her life to save yours. Dont throw it away now.
Fritz was silent for a moment, and then got to his feet. The family made their way through the thick jungle foliage. They stopped every hundred yards beating their weapons on the trees and shouting at the top of their voices, stopping when they heard groans and snapping twigs. The incline increased and they began the ascent. The jungle died away, leaving open space on all sides. The sky was dark, not a star in sight. There was only the briefest of flashes of light when the moon looked out from behind its cloudy veil. A flash of lightning revealed the climb before them, and a few seconds later, a deep rumble of thunder followed that echoed the familys morose mood. Halfway up Sharpie they turned to look back and found the Lurchers emerging from the jungle.
These things never give up, do they? Ernest said.
They dont know how to give up, Bill said.
Do we? Liz said.
Bodies aching and panting for air, the family scaled the final ascent to the top of the mountain. Shaking, and weak with fatigue, Ernest put his hand on a boulder. It leaned forward, and a small crack marched across its surface. Ernest held his breath, and then breathed a sigh of relief when it didnt fall. There was a grinding noise, and the boulder teetered forward and rolled down the hill, reverberating like a herd of horses. It crashed down the mountainside and flattened a train of Lurchers.
What was all that noise? Liz said, reappearing from the summit.
Fritz and Ernest shared a look, eyes wide. A smile appeared on their faces.
Its Ernest, Fritz said. He had an accident and it might be the best idea hes ever had!
Even inadvertently Im a genius! Ernest said.
Yes, Fritz said, but saying youre a genius isnt genius.
Fritz moved up to another boulder, blown and shaped into a large round ball by the wind.
He put his hand on a boulder like this, he said.
The boulder leaned forward and toppled down the mountainside, squashing more Lurchers in its path. Bill clapped Ernest on the shoulder.
And look! he said. Theyre all coming out to investigate the noise! We still might win this thing!



Twenty-Five

He heard a voice shouting somewhere in the distance Far in the distance It was fuzzy and unclear. When he opened his eyes he found his vision just as muddy.
ack! Are you all right? Shall I? Jack? Shall I come down?
Jack recognised the voice, and it snapped him out of his daze.
No, Jack said in a groggy voice. Stay there, Francis. Ill be all right.
Jack was upside down, hanging by one foot. Nip sat on the ground before him, looking at him with concern. Jack reached for the knife in his back pocket. But as he reached in, it slipped past his hand and hit the ground. Jack turned and peered out the corner of his eye, but couldnt see his knife. Jack turned to Nip.
Nip, he said. Knife. Get my knife.
Nip cocked his head to one side.
Knife, Jack said. Get it. Go on.
Nip blinked, unmoving.
Why didnt I teach you the word for knife? Jack said. Idiot!
Jack tilted his weight forward, then back, forward, and back again, building up momentum. As he swung back, he saw his knife. He reached for it, but missed. As he swung in again for another try, his fingertips grazed it, and then on the third attempt, he grabbed it.
Yes! he said.
Something tightened around his wrist. His arm was drawn up alongside his foot.
This is great, Jack said. Really great.
He still had the knife in one hand. He tried to cut the vine with it, but the angle was too awkward. He tried to bring his free hand up to take the knife, but could only reach up to his forearm. Jack froze. There was a groan, long and drawn out like a dying mans last breath. It came from the foliage behind him. Eyes wide with fear, Jack looked at Nip.
I know youre in pain, Nip, Jack said, voice low, but please, help me.
The little capuchin monkey must have picked up on something, as he got up onto his tiny feet and limped over to Jacks outstretched hand. He climbed, careful not to use his injured foot.
The vine! Jack said. Bite it! Bite!
The foliage shook, and the low groan became louder. Nips hand gripped the folds of Jacks trousers as he pulled himself up Jacks leg.
Yes! Jack said. Bite!
Nip hesitated. He pointed at the vine.
Yes! Jack said. Bite it!
Nip bit Jack on the ankle.
Ow! Jack said.
The groan stopped, and Jack could sense the creature turning to identify where the exclamation had come from.
Please, Nip, Jack said. Please, understand. Bite the vine. The vine.
Nip lowered his mouth to the vine and turned to Jack with a questioning look. Jack nodded. Nip bit at it. Jack turned to see the foliage rustle and a torn grey arm begin to emerge.
Hurry Nip! Jack said. Hurry!
The vine snapped. Jack took the knife from his trapped hand and severed the second vine.
Come on, Nip! he said.
The figure stepped out from the foliage, revealing a face with a ruined nose, and teeth visible through both cheeks. Behind her were half a dozen other Lurchers. Jack hugged Nip close to his chest and hot stepped it across the courtyard, careful where he placed his feet. There was the whip sound of the snares pulling tight around one ankle Two Three Four Jack got to the winch. He saw another Lurcher step into a trap. The final Lurcher barrelled down on him. Francis pushed the water canister over the edge and onto the ground. Jack flew up to Falcons Nest, out of the Lurchers reach. Francis took Nip off Jack and set him down on a cushion. Jack hugged Francis.
Whats happening? Francis said. I heard gunshots.
That was just Dad, Jack said. How are things here?
Fine. These are the first Lurchers Ive seen all night.
Good, Jack said. Hopefully theyll be the last.



Twenty-Six

But even as he spoke, more Lurchers came through the foliage and spilled across the courtyard. Snares trapped feet, but slipped off those with missing appendages. The courtyard was alive with hanging writhing bodies. Few of the traps had not been set off. The Lurchers scratched at the bark of the tree, and then lowered their faces to it. They bit at it, the sharp fibres stabbing their mouth and noses, splinters protruding from their faces like theyd received piercings.
They cant get up here, Francis said.
No, Jack said, but they can take us down there. Theyre biting through the bark. They wont stop until they bite all the way through.
But they dont eat trees!
Theyre not eating it. Theyre cutting through it. Theyre going to take this tree down, and us with it.
Whatre we going to do?
Theres nothing we can do, Jack said. But I suppose we can slow them down.
He picked up a ceramic bowl, took careful aim, and dropped it over the side. It crushed a Lurchers skull. Francis grabbed an end table, and together they dumped it over the side. Another two Lurchers fell. Jack ransacked the living room, dropping vases and photo frames. Francis did the same with the kitchen, tossing out saucepans, knives and baking trays. They ransacked the whole house, but the Lurchers kept coming and chomping at the tree trunk. The whole treehouse lurched to one side. Jack and Francis exchanged a look.
Lets get out of here, Jack said.
He picked up a backpack and put Nip into it. Jack went to the cable and monkey-barred his way across it. On the other side, he took off the backpack and put Nip down. He turned back to Francis, who was looking at the ground. The Lurchers were still munching away at the tree.
Your turn, Jack said.
Are you sure about this? Francis said. Mum said not to leave the house.
Im pretty sure this situation overrides that order. And when she comes later, you can blame me and say its all my fault.
Okay, Francis said. Here I come.
Francis held onto the cable with his hands and wrapped his feet around the end. He fed his hands along the cable and dragged his legs behind.
Thats it, Jack said. Youre doing good. Keep coming.
The treehouse juddered. The vibrations travelled along the cable. Francis squealed and hugged the cable tight. A handful of Lurchers turned to look up at Francis crawling along the cable. Lightning struck, and Francis screamed again.
Jack, he said. Im scared. I want to go back.
The treehouse leaned over, pulling the cable tighter. Jack gripped it in both hands, fearful it would be pulled out at his end.
You cant go back, Jack said. Keep crawling this way.
I cant, Francis said.
Think how proud Mum and Dad will be when I tell them you did this.
Mum and Dad arent coming back.
Of course theyre coming back, Jack said.
The gun in his pocket felt heavy. Jack swallowed.
And Ill make you a nice badge like the one you made me if you come over here, he said.
You will?
I promise, Jack said. Now come on, you can do this. Just take it one step at a time.
Francis loosened his grip a little.
Yes, he said. Okay. I can do it.
Francis passed one hand over the other.
Good, Jack said. Good. Keep coming. Thats it.
There was a loud crack and Falcons Nest screamed like it was in pain. The cable tightened, and then the strut attached to their parents treehouse snapped. Francis swung toward the boys tree and smacked into it. One of his hands lost its grip. The other maintained it, but now he was only a metre off the ground. The Lurchers turned to face him, their white eyes gleaming in a shaft of moonlight. Franciss eyes went wide. The Lurchers ambled toward him.
No! Francis said. No! No!
Climb! Jack said. Climb!
Francis did, his feet scrambling across the trees bark, finding no purchase. Jack seized the wire and pulled. Francis rose two feet. The Lurchers reached up with hungry hands, but felt only the soles of Franciss shoes. A Lurcher managed to pull one off. Francis squealed. Jacks arms shook with Franciss weight.
You have to come up! Jack said through gritted teeth. I cant hold on!
Okay, Francis said.
He pulled himself up. The cable slipped through Jacks sweaty hands. Francis fell a foot and jolted to a stop. He screamed.
Hurry! Jack said.
Francis pulled himself up the cable, one hand after the other. He got to the top, hands on the doorframe, and then pulled himself up. Inside the treehouse, he collapsed on the floor. Jack let go of the cable. It jittered side to side, the Lurchers bodies rubbing against it. He could feel the Lurchers teeth grinding as they began to munch on the tree trunk down below.



Twenty-Seven

Now! Bill said.
The Robinsons pushed with all their collective weight down onto the thick branch jammed under the boulder. The boulder leaned forward, looked about ready to stop, and then its own weight carried it forward. It picked up speed and crashed down the mountainside, crushing a large pack of Lurchers. The boulder smashed into half a dozen other large rocks, like a giant game of marbles.
Theyre still coming, Ernest said.
He peered down the mountain. Shadows devolved from the darkness and ambled up the incline.
But fewer than before, Bill said.
Are you sure? Liz said.
They waited, and although Lurchers continued to stumble out of the jungle, there were no more than a handful.
Is that it? Fritz said. Is that all of them?
Either that, Bill said, or they got lost along the way.
Or they found somewhere better to be, Liz said.
She exchanged a frightened look with Bill. They ran down the mountainside.
Hey! Fritz said. Where are you going?
Fritz and Ernest took after their parents.



Twenty-Eight

Robins Nest rocked to one side, the gnawing at the bark like a rat at a block of hard cheese. Francis stood at the window, whistling into the night. It seemed to calm him, so Jack left him alone. Jack looked along the shelves at the framed happy photographs of times gone by. Their treehouse shook again, causing the photos to fall to the floor.
Jack put his hand in his pocket and stroked the barrel of the gun. It was a little too large for him, and he had to stretch his hand to reach the trigger. He approached Francis from behind. He looked so small and defenceless. Jack raised the gun, pointing the barrel at the back of his head. Francis continued to whistle. 



Twenty-Nine

Bang!
Liz came to a stop. She broke out into a cold sweat and her heart beat a thousand times a minute.
No she said.
She picked up the pace and ran faster, her legs a blur.
No, no, no, no, no
Bang!
There was an almighty crash, and the ground shook like there was an earthquake. Bill and Liz came to a stop in the clearing before Falcons Nest. Both treehouses lay prostrate on the ground. Leaves descended like snowflakes from the recently felled tree. A dozen Lurchers drifted across the space without purpose. Liz fell to her knees, weeping openly.
My babies, she said, my dear sweet babies.
The muscles in Bills jaw tightened and the tears stung his eyes. Attracted to Lizs suffering, the Lurchers turned and stumbled toward them. Liz stood up, unsheathed Bills machete and ran at them. Bill chased after her. She swung at the Lurchers. She cut off their arms, their legs at the knee, chopped off the womens breasts and the mens penises. Then she hacked their torsos to pieces, cutting open the flesh, and getting to the internal organs.
Liz, Bill said. Liz! Thats enough!
He grabbed her arm and took the machete away. Bill finished the Lurchers off with a quick wide swipe that removed their heads.
They killed our babies, Liz said. They killed them.
I know, Bill said. I know.
He wrapped his arms around her. Fritz and Ernest joined their parents on either side, adding to the huddle.
Can we join? a small voice behind them said.
The Robinsons turned to see a huge shadow stop on the fringes of the courtyard. It was broad and squat with horns. As it emerged into the moonlight, it resolved into Valiant the bull, the tips of his horns stained red. On his back were Jack and Francis, who had big grins on their faces. Liz ran forward and lifted them off the huge bull. She held them close and smothered them with kisses. A few Lurchers drifted close. Fritz and Ernest dispatched them with ease.
What happened? Bill said.
After the first treehouse fell we climbed the cable to the second one, Jack said. But then they started biting that one too. I had the gun in my pocket, and was about to use it when Francis started whistling, and Valiant came out of the jungle. The Lurchers came toward him and he charged them. He knocked them all over! A couple almost bit him, but I shot them with the gun. We climbed down and got on his back and rode into the jungle. The Lurchers must have kept biting the tree after we left, I suppose, and took it down. They probably thought we were still up there. They are stupid.
Im so glad youre all right, Bill said. Come give your dad a kiss.
Dad, Jack said, Im too big for kisses.
Well, Im not, Bill said, and gave Jack a big kiss on his cheek, and then on Franciss. My boys, my beautiful, beautiful boys.
He hugged them tight, and didnt care that he was crying.
Feels like its going to rain soon, Ernest said, looking up at the darkened sky. Wed best grab anything we want to keep before the rain gets to it.
You go ahead, Bill said, hugging Liz, Jack and Francis close. Ive got everything I need right here.
You say that now, Liz said. But what happens when you want to write in your journal?
Bill thought for a moment.
Ill be right back, he said.



Thirty

Fritz and Ernest picked over the remains of Falcons Nest. Most of their possessions were smashed to pieces amongst the broken branches. Ernest knelt down beside a bookcase. Most of the books were still jammed inside, and in perfect condition. He took off his jacket and wrapped them up.
Thank God for that, Ernest said to Fritz. I thought Id lost them. Did you find what you were looking for?
I dont really have anything worth looking for, Fritz said.
Cheep cheep. Cheep cheep.
Did you hear that? Fritz said.
Hear what? Ernest said.
Cheep cheep.
That cheeping noise, Fritz said.
Youve got birds on the brain. And not the good kind.
Fritz kneeled down to look closer at a long tube of red satin, what had once been Beautys perch. He picked it up and felt the soft material in his hands. He paused when his fingers came across something jagged. He turned the perch over and found a hole. Inside it was the cracked surface of an eggshell. He lifted the top.
Cheep cheep. Cheep cheep.
Its a chick! Fritz said to Ernest. Its Beautys perch. Inside it I found this! This must be why she never wanted to get off it the past few days! She must have laid an egg!
Fritz inspected the chick.
Its a he, he said. I mean, its a him. A male!
I wonder if fatherhood makes everyone so eloquent, Ernest said.
Ill name him Beast. Got to keep up with tradition.
Fritz turned to his parents.
Mum, Dad, he said. Look at this!
He looks hungry, Liz said.
Ill go find him something, Fritz said, walking away. You know, youve got some pretty big claws to fill, he said to the chick. But dont worry, Ill train you.
Liz and Bill shared a smile. Liz looked over the destroyed area that had once been their home.
Nothing will ever grow here again, will it? she said. Too much of their tainted blood was spilled.
Something will grow here, given enough time.
A spot of water tapped Bill on the head, then another, and all at once, a torrential rain fell out of the sky. The rain coalesced and made streams that ran downhill to the sea. The water was red, and then turned pink, then no colour at all. Eventually enough water fell that it carried the rotten corpses away. Bill smiled.
Wiped clean like a broom to the past, he said. It might take some time, but life here will return to normal. There are still Lurchers out there in this jungle, and we have to be careful, but we will find them.
But not tonight, Liz said.
No, not tonight. Tonight well go to the cove and sleep.
They turned and made their way back up Sharpie. Ernest cradled his books, Fritz his chick, Jack with Nip in his arms, and Francis led Valiant with his hand on his neck, not needing to use the nose ring.
How are we going to rebuild the Nests? Liz said. The Adventurer sunk months ago. Youll never bring anything else back up.
Who said anything about the Adventurer? Bill said. How do you fancy living in the Presidential Suite of a cruise liner?
Liz smiled.
Sounds great, she said.
Lets get some sleep, Bill said. Weve got an awful lot of rebuilding to do.
Yes, Liz said. But well do it together.

THE END



Epilogue

The apes screamed at the top of their lungs, concealed behind their leafy hiding places, and peered at something in a clearing. It was another ape, lying on his back. Rain patted his upturned cheeks and dampened his fur, sticky and matted with blood, an ugly open wound on his forearm. His breaths came shallow and forced, rasping with life. He closed his eyes, breathed in a thick breath, let out a deep sigh, and fell silent. The apes screeched for another minute before following suit and falling silent themselves. The apes turned and moved away, into the darkness of the jungle beyond. The jungle returned to its normal background noise of crickets, hooting birds and something pecking at a tree trunk in the distance.
The sounds stopped, and the jungle was silent.
A black finger twitched. His eyes flashed open, white as snow. A low groan escaped his lips. The jungle erupted into screams once more.

WHAT TO READ NEXT?

The Swiss Family RobinZOM is set in the world of my epic zombie series Blood Memory. If you enjoyed this novella, why not check out Blood Memory? The first episode is available absolutely FREE!
You can get it from the following store: Smashwords.

WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?

Sign up to Perrin's newsletter and get 3 free stories, news of forthcoming new novels, competitions, special prices, advanced novel previews and access to the serial story Skip!

SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT

Want to see more books by Perrin Briar?

Click the link below:

http://www.perrinbriar.com/briars-books/

BE KIND, REVIEW

Reviews mean an awful lot on the internet. This is true for all products, especially books. But often, readers dont leave reviews. If you enjoyed The Swiss Family RobinZOM, please make sure to write one. It doesnt need to be long, but it would mean the world to me if you did. CLICK HERE to leave a review, and make one author very happy!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Perrin Briar is an English author best-known for his Blood Memory series, black comedy Keeping Mum, and revenge tale Square. He was born in Huntingdon, grew up in Norfolk, graduated from Bournemouth, worked in London, and then chucked it all in to live in South Korea.
He has written for BBC radio, and worked in the production and development departments of the BBC, ITV and Channel 4.
You can email him at perrin@perrinbriar.com  or tweet at @perrinbriar. He loves corresponding with fans, so dont hesitate to contact him if you have a question!

Copyright  2014 Perrin Briar

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Published by Briar Patch Publishing.

Want to know more about Perrin Briars books?
Visit www.perrinbriar.com and get two books free for joining.

