The Amazing Adventures of Chances

by Katherine Gae T. Yamar

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Katherine Gae T. Yamar

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.




*****
Table of Contents

Part 1 - Solitary
Chapter 1 - Santi
Chapter 2 - Cielo
Chapter 3 - Odi
Part 2 - Friends and Revelations
Chapter 4 - Santi
Chapter 5 - Cielo
Chapter 6 - Odi
Chapter 7 - Cielo
Part 3 - Do It!
Chapter 8 - Santi
Chapter 9 - Cielo
Chapter 10 - Odi
Chapter 11 - Cielo
Part 4 - Conclusion
Chapter 12




Part I - Solitary
Chapter 1
Santi

Santiago Nacino, whom everybody called Santi, barely used his vocal chords.  He thought it was not about wasting his energy in exerting to talk especially about mundane and rigmarole; rather it was his choice to not say anything at all unless asked to.
The hotdog was juicy, the scrambled egg and mayonnaise blended tastefully, the garlic rice was perfectly salty.  Everything on his plate complemented one another.
Heres your juice, Santi.
Santi nodded at his nanny whom he preferred to call Yaya, not even attaching her name.  In fact, he was not even sure what her real name was.  He wanted to ask when she first stepped in their house when he was six, but then he thought it was better not to.  That morning he wanted to tell Yaya how delicious his breakfast was.  Again, no.  Not anymore.  Perhaps Yaya already got his message with the succulent sound of his lips against the spoon.
Wait here.  Ill just prepare your snacks for school.
Yaya did not wait for him to respond.  She trotted to the kitchen, her big bottom swaying with her light blue uniform.  She was used to Santis laconic quiet response.  Although aware that she did not see Santis reaction, he nodded anyway.  He glanced around the dining area.  The dainty white paint on the walls accentuated by meticulously chosen framed paintings of fruits, the glass cupboard with exquisite china ware, the shiny white flooring, the rectangle dining table made of glass with six leather hi-back chairs.  Sure he was the perfect picture of a lucky boy with a silver spoon in his mouth.  Then he glanced at the empty seats as he shoved the last spoonful of garlic rice into his mouth.  His parents were not there to join him for breakfast.  They left early for work.  Too early that they did not even wait for him for breakfast.  His father was a child therapist, and his mother was a surgeon.  They were extremely successful in their fields.  Thus, the price of success in their respective careers, their child had to pay for it.  Just like not using his vocal chords, Santi was used to it.  
He finished his breakfast, and automatically went to the bathroom to brush his teeth.  Yaya told him to hurry up for he might be late for school.  He thought he would be graduating elementary school that year, and his nanny was still treating him like a six-year-old.  He looked at his reflection for the last time.  His shiny black hair was almost covering his eyes.  He thought he needed a haircut.  He fixed the collar of his white buttoned shirt, brushed his dark blue trousers with his palms, and checked his black leather shoes for any possible dirt.  After a quick final assessment, he thought he was ready to go to school.  
To some who were not used to Santis kind of life, it was a mile long walk from the bathroom to the main door.  Every morning before going to school, Santi took that route like there was no use of any cognitive skills to tread the wide span of the white themed house with shrewd choices of colors for small accents found in table lamps and vases.  
At the French door made of fine mahogany wood with frosted glass panes, Yaya gave him his backpack as he absently carried it on his shoulders, and embarked a car with red glossy paint.  
Shall we go, Santi? The dark-skinned driver with a thin mustache asked.  If Santi felt the need to talk to his driver, he preferred to call him Kuya Ron.  At least, he knew his drivers name.  However, an elaborate answer was not needed to Kuya Rons question.  So Santi just nodded.
Santi went to a private elementary school for boys run by priests.  In just a few months, he would be advancing to high school.  His parents thought that he would stay in the same private school  high school department.  He thought it was a good decision too for he was not quite prepared to leave his comfort zone, although there were times that he wanted to get out of that place and start anew.
Kuya Ron dropped him off at the school gate.  Santi dodged some students marching, running towards the school building.  The hallway was quite narrow so it was a bit of a challenge for him everyday.  His peripheral vision could see boys clustered in groups.  He remained his eyes focused right in front of him.  No nodding to his classmates good morning.  No, nothing.
He entered his classroom where the cacophony of voices changing due to puberty pierced his ears.  He slumped on his seat close to the window.  He breathed deeply and wished that it would be 2:30 PM soon so he could go home.  
The school bell rang, finally.  After a couple of minutes, their homeroom teacher arrived, and the noise automatically ceased.  They all stood up, greeted their teacher, placed their right palm over their heart, and sang the national anthem.
Santi never enjoyed school.  He barely listened to his teachers.  He hardly participated in class.  He wished that school would end in just a snap of his fingers.  His eyes were on his desk and sometimes on his teachers; however, his thoughts flew out of his brain, like his soul departed from his body.  His mind wandered in a forest filled with dragons where he had slain two, no, three dragons already.  He had inherited the sword from a wise man from the mountains.
In his mind, he was looking at the eggs of one of the dragons he had killed.  The eggs in the nest were like colorful Easter eggs.  His ears could hear a voice of a woman emanating from the blue sky.
Class, can you please give the planets of the solar system again?  Yes, Jan.
Earth.
Santi glanced at a turquoise egg with patches of white swirls in the giant dragons nest.
Mars, said another voice in the sky.
Santi glanced at a scarlet egg.
Mercury.
Santi glanced at the smallest egg, a glowing magenta.
Jupiter.
Santi glanced at an orange colored egg with a giant swirl of red in the middle.
Uranus.
Santi glanced at a cold blue egg.
Venus.
Santi glanced at an aqua blue egg.
Neptune.
Santi glanced at a dark purple egg.
Santi.
Santi suddenly looked up.  He was now looking at the face of his Science teacher, Miss Mara.  Her face was amiable, her smile was thin, but he swore everything would vanish if he made one mistake.
Santi, can you please name one more planet in our solar system?
Santi could see his classmates giggling quietly in their seats, their eyes on him.  He looked at his Science teacher again.  Then his mind checked the dragon eggs one last time.  His heart thumped madly that the thumping reached his ears.
Santi, please stand up, and name the last planet that has not been named yet. Patience was beginning to wear off from his Science teachers voice.
Santi stood up laboriously like he was carrying the weight of the mother dragon.  He opened his mouth, felt a vibration in his vocal chords.
Thaturn.
The class roared in riotous laughter.  Santis cheeks turned red and hot.  Miss Mara thumped the teachers table with her heavy palm.  The noise diminished.
Quiet!  I said quiet!
The class turned totally silent.  Santi could still hear suppressed choking behind him.
Very good, Santi, Miss Mara said.  Her eyes transformed into what seemed to be sympathetic.  Saturn is correct.  You may sit down.
Santi sat down and glued his eyes on his desk.  He felt like his heart wanted to stow away from his chest.  It was because of humiliation and fury.
That was why Santi never bothered to use his vocal chords if not asked to.  His lisp caused him to repel from his classmates.  He didnt have any friends.  The only friend he had since he was in first grade moved to another country with his parents when Santi was in fourth grade.  Since then, no one bothered to join him during recess time.  Well, there were some congenial ones who made an effort but to no avail.  No matter how genuine they were in creating a bond with him, Santi distrusted them.  After all, they still laughed whenever he spoke with an s.  They also laughed when one of his classmates told him, Santi, repeat after me: She sells seashells on the seashore.  Sniggering in their seats, all his classmates waited for him to open his mouth.  He just stared at his polished black shoes and wished that a manhole would suddenly suck him out of the room.  
Alone in the cafeteria, he ate the club sandwich that his nanny made for him.  He wished that he could push a button so that he could press fast forward everyday when he was in school.  It was dreadful!

Just like everybody else in school, 2:30 PM was Santis favorite time of the day for it was the end of classes.  On his way to his car, Miss Mara called him.
Santi, I thought that you could read this book.  Its very interesting.
He read the title: The Other Stories of the Evolution of the Universe.
He glanced at his teacher whose eyes were hopeful, her thin smile was an exertion of genuine kindness.  Santi sighed.  He knew his teacher felt guilty for what happened in her class.  He knew that she wanted to make it up to him.  It already happened to him before when she asked him to recite, and he answered photothynthethith like it was a phenomenal comic relief for over two weeks.  She then offered him to read a book about the rare plants in the Amazon.  Santi knew Miss Mara was kind.  She might have forgotten his speech defect that lowered his self esteem.
No thank you, Mith, he replied with a weak smile and turned around, leaving his teacher with slump shoulders, and the book in her hands.
If there was one thing that he did not like about her, it was that pity that she felt for him.  He did not need her pity.  He thought he was fine.  Really!  Well yes, the taunt of his classmates were unbearable most of the time, but again hes used to it.  Sometimes his thoughts would tell him that he was in denial that his feelings were always unparallel.  But then again, he was also used to the incongruence of his thoughts.
His eyes concentrated on the exchange of steps of his shoes when he felt a sudden jolt against his right shoulder.  His back pack slid off to the ground.  He looked up, and saw three of his tall mischievous classmates.
Thorry, Thanti Nathino, said the one in the middle, and he and his allies eventually burst out in raucous laughter.
Santi stabbed them an indignant look but it did not threaten them a bit.
Archie, Joe, Tom, come here!
The boys ceased as they obediently walked towards their furious Science teacher.  Santi grabbed his back pack, and brushed the dirt off it.  He found Kuya Ron talking to the other drivers of private vehicles and school buses.  He wished Kuya Ron did not see what happened there.  When Kuya Ron saw Santi a few steps from the door of the car, he waved to his comrades, opened the door for Santi, and trotted to the drivers seat.
No one could tell the difference if Santi was sad or not.  Angry?  Sometimes.  But sadness or otherwise, like they cared.  His silence, no matter what his mood was, was interpreted as his normal self.  Void of emotions, neither happy nor sad.  He was just A-OK.  That was what they thought.  That afternoon, Santi never felt so miserable.  His eyes blankly stared out the window.  He wanted to explode in tears or in utter fury, but he thought it was wise to keep his emotions.  Besides, he thought no one would listen to him given that he had a lisp.  
His flinch may not be noticeable to Kuya Ron.  When Santi saw a small bookstore along the way, he felt a sudden feeling of excitement.  He was not really a bookworm.  But the idea that there was a new establishment in town interested him.  There, he wanted something new like he could see something positive coming out of the new bookstore.
After a few minutes, Kuya Ron parked the car in front of the mahogany French door.  Santi opened his door and ran inside the house  or what a lot of people would called mansion.  He walked briskly on the stairs passing by a chambermaid in the same uniform that his nanny wore.  She was taking the newly pressed clothes to the masters bedroom.  Santis nanny called out of the kitchen with a ladle in one hand.
Santi?
Yaya, he replied back, his feet did not cease from treading the stairs to his room.
That reply alone made his nanny go back to the kitchen to continue her work where Kuya Ron would eventually join her to enjoy his afternoon coffee.
Santis room looked like he had entered a different world.  From the clean classic white paint from most parts of the house, posters of his favorite rock bands, his favorite action movie, dragons and dragon slayers, and a rocket ship were posted on his bedroom wall.  His bed with green army covers complemented the mahogany bedside table and study desk opposite his bed.  He threw his bag on the floor and lay on his bed without even taking off his uniform.  If his mother found out that he had lain on his bed without changing to clean clothes, she would definitely give him a litany of sermons again.  But his mother was not there anyway.  Perhaps she was in the operating room that afternoon, taking a fatal tumor out of a patients head.  Santi was just tired of being miserable.
*****
It was another ordinary school day the following morning.  He ate his breakfast alone, Yaya made another delicious breakfast, Kuya Ron drove him to school, he did not pay attention to his teachers, he was told to give the correct answer to the teachers question with the answer having an S and his classmates jeered at him, he ate his snacks during recess alone, Kuya Ron drove him home.  Same old, same old.
However, Santi wanted to change his day a little bit.  He looked at Kuya Rons bored eyes through the rear view mirror.
Kuya Ron.
Yes, son, Kuya Ron replied like he was excited to hear his masters voice after a hundred years.  He sat upright, looking at Santi through the rear view mirror.
Can we drop by at The (he swallowed hard) The Tholthith Bookthtore?
Kuya Rons eyebrows furrowed in bewilderment.
The Toltit  what is that again? He looked back this time briefly.
The new bookthtore that juth opened.  Oh, here! Santi rapped the back of Kuya Rons seat, and pointed the new bookstore in town.
Kuya Ron parked the car in front of the new bookstore, and read the signage made of mock brown wood with the name of the establishment printed in bright yellow lettering.
Ah, The Solstice Bookstore, Kuya Ron read, nodding, glad to be enlightened.
At one point, Santi hated the bookstore for coming up with such a name that reminded him more of his curse.  Then he grimaced at Kuya Ron for not understanding him considering that he had been his driver since he was in kindergarten.  Kuya Ron was such a nice man, Santi thought.  He felt that the family driver even treated him as his own son.  Well, that was because Kuya Ron called him son.  
Santi, you cant stay long.  Your mothers car broke down this morning, and I promise to pick her up around 3:30.
Ten minuth, Kuya Ron.
Yeah!  Ten minuth  minutes only, OK? 
Santi thought, for some reason, his lisp was contagious.  But he knew it was unintentional of Kuya Ron to mimic him.  
His clock was ticking.  He jumped out of the car, and entered the door with colorful panes like they were simple stained glasses in a Gothic church.  As soon as he stepped inside the bookstore, he could smell wood and books, their scent overwhelming his nostrils.
Hello, amiably greeted a bespectacled girl behind the cashiers desk, as she stacked about five books close to the counter.
Santi nodded with a meager smile.  He looked around.  The bookstore was not as huge as the ones he had visited before, but Solstice had a different kind of charm that enticed every visitor.  It was narrow that two opposite shelves were like only ten feet apart.  From the door to his left were the counter and a shelf of secondhand books.  In front of him were hardbound books stacked in a giant bookshelf that reached the ceiling, a ladder leaned against it.  To his right were more shelves, and a winding staircase to the second floor.  The second floor was a narrower space for it could only accommodate one wall of shelves.  And one could look at the first floor by looking over the banister.  In the second level, he found various books about travel, food, universe, fiction books of different genres.
Hello, greeted the girl at the counter.
Santi looked down, and found another customer talking to the young cashier.
Hi.  Any new deliveries?
We are expecting next Wednesday.
Oh!  My daughter loves the book I got here yesterday.  I really didnt know what to give her for her birthday but then this book fell on my feet, and I knew that it was the perfect book for her.
Some customers say that this bookstore is enchanted.
That thoundth interethting, Santi thought.  Even his thought had a lisp.  He wanted to ward off the voice of the customer from his ears.  He had to concentrate because he only had six minutes as he checked his watch.  
There were a lot of books to choose from, and he found the hard to find comic books extremely enticing.  However, it would mean sacrificing his allowance for the remaining days of the week.
I heard theres a poem reading competition next week, said the customer.
Yes, maam.  On Wednesday.  I invite you and your daughter to join.  All you need to do is register, and look for a very short poem.  Twenty lines at most.
Santi became more interested with the poem reading competition.  He never really liked a specific poem but he envied orators and people giving speeches like they owned the piece.  
I will definitely join.  Ill tell my daughter about it, the customer said in glee.
I want to join too, Santi thought out of the blue.  As soon as he flinched towards another bookshelf, a red hardbound book fell on his right foot.
Ow!
Are you OK there? asked the girl on the counter.
Santi quickly leaned over the banister, smiling.
Im fine.
He picked up the book, and read the title: Rare Find: A Collection of Unpublished Poems.  
Perfect, he thought.  He checked the price.  It was quite affordable.  It was just like what the girl in the counter had said.  The bookstore was enchanted.  He looked at his watch.  Two minutes more.
He paid for his purchase as the cashier carefully wrapped the book with brown paper.  His eyes turned to a stack of flyers to his left.  It was an invitation to the poem reading competition.  He took a flyer, and silently read the first part of the mechanics of the competition.
Do you want to join?  I invite you to register now, said the bespectacled cashier in blithe.
Santi nodded rather deliriously.
I will, he said as the cashier handed him a pen and a registration form.
The gleeful customer giggled excitedly.
Oh!  I love that enthusiasm.  I cant wait to hear you read, young man.
Santi nodded and smiled at the woman.  He knew that she did not mean any offense.  Besides she did not know that he had a lisp.  Well, if she only knew.  
As soon as Santi completed the registration form, he could not believe he just signed it.  What was he thinking?  The cashier finished wrapping his purchase, and gave him his change.
Thank you and well see you on Wednesday, said the cashier as she waved at him goodbye.
Santi was not quite used to such warm encounters from strangers.  He awkwardly waved his hand to the cashier and the female customer, and ran to his car.
Shall we go, Santi? Kuya Ron asked as he started the ignition.
Santi nodded with a wide smile on his face.  In the contrary, he said at the back of his mind, What have I just done?
*****
Santi?
Yaya.
Then Santi locked his bedroom door.  He tore the brown paper wrapper, and revealed the book in his hands.  His eyes glistened at the red book, his fingers slid across the gold plated engraved lettering that spelled the title.  He kicked his shoes off his feet, and jumped on his bed.  He turned to the first few pages, ignoring the introduction and acknowledgment.  He quickly went over the titles on the Table of Contents.  He had never encountered the titles before.  Besides, he didnt know a specific poem by heart.  He ran through the pages, and found some poems as short as four lines, and some poems occupying up to three pages.  He was overwhelmed.  He thought it would be wise to start with the first poem.  But then his gaze landed on the flyer of the poem reading contest that was perched beside the brown paper wrapper.  He was distracted from enjoying his new purchase; so he picked up the flyer, and read the mechanics.
Rules:
1. Find a short poem in English.
2. The poem should have a minimum of ten lines and a maximum of 20 lines.
3. The poem could be written by any author.
4. The poem could be rhyming or free style.  No prose poetry, please!
5. No age limit to join the competition.
Mechanics:
Round One
1. The contestant will read a poem of his choice.  
2. Top five contestants will be chosen by a panel of judges based on delivery.
3. Props and costumes are not needed.
4. No collaborative reading.  
Round Two
1. The top five contestants will read another poem.
2. They will be judged based on the same criteria.
3. Two contestants will be chosen to advance to the final round.
Round Three
1. The top two contestants will be given ten minutes to write their own poem.
2. The poem should be a maximum of ten lines.
3. The poem should be the authors original work, and not taken from a published poet.
4. The poem can have rhyming words or can be written in free style form.
5. These contestants will read their poem aloud.
6. They will be judged based on the content of the poem and delivery.
Criteria for judging:
Rounds One and Two
Appropriate emotions and expressions - 40%
Stand out voice and proper intonation - 30%
Clarity of words - 20%
Audience impact - 10%
Total Score - 100%
Round Three
Content of composed poem - 25%
Appropriate emotions and expressions - 30%
Stand out voice and proper intonation - 20%
Clarity of words - 15%
Audience impact - 10%
Total Score - 100%
Prizes:
First Place
1. P500 gift certificate
2. Any two books found in the bookstore
3. Special Solstice Bookstore bookmark
Second Place
1. P200 gift certificate
2. Special Solstice Bookstore bookmark
The ten finalists will receive the special The Solstice Bookstore bookmark.
Santis mind whirled at the criteria for judging.  He thought he could work out some of them.  He could practice in front of the mirror, and hone his acting skills  if he had any.  He could make use of his vocal chords, and start screaming on the top of his lungs  that could be his volume exercise.  He could try to be likeable.  But clarity of words?  His shoulders sank as he breathed out in disappointment.  He would definitely lose 20% of the score during the first round.  He wanted to win so bad, that somehow puzzled and startled himself on how intensely he felt for joining the poem reading competition.  Anyway, he had the option not to show up on the competition day itself.  Besides there was no collateral if he was absent in the competition.
He skimmed through the poems.  Every poem had what he referred to as the cursed letter.  Disheartened, he lazily turned the page to the first poem titled Chances by an author he had never heard of named K. Ezra.  He silently read the free form poem.
What if?
That is the question.
Can I do it?
Another question.
Take a leap,
Open your heart.
Open your window
Santi turned to his bedroom window that slid open.  He blinked fast, testing his vision.  Did it just slide open?  It did!  His eyes widened when a boy about a couple of years his senior climbed over his window.  This stranger had disheveled black hair, and long arms and legs.  Santi did not have any extraordinary fashion sense except for dressing up smart because of the clothes his mother chose for him.  But he found the stranger had an obsolete fashion sense.  The stranger  the intruder  wore a shabby loose off-white long sleeved shirt, and brown trousers, as if dressed like a peasant in the Medieval times.  His dirty toes showed pride on his worn out black slippers. 
Santis muscles froze, his voice choked.  The intruder made a perfect landing on his feet and palms like he had been doing this all his life.  He looked up on the bed where Santi sat still.  His eyes could be deceived as slit in one second, and wide the next.  Santi ominously assessed those confusingly sized eyes.  But he was sure those eyes were sinister especially when the intruders lips stretched to his right ear.
Santis jaw dropped when the intruder slowly stood up like a menacing marionette.  The intruders towering height slightly blocked the afternoon sunlight coming from the window.  His eyes ironically slit and wide, his lips still drawn to his right ear.
Give me some bread, will you? The intruders voice was quite low like it was about to graduate from the stage of puberty.
Intimidated by the low yet authoritative voice, Santi screamed on the top of his lungs.  The intruder reached out his long pale arms towards Santi.  His sinister smile suddenly shifted to an alarmed facial expression.
Stop, please, stop.  I just came here for some bread.
Santi scrambled from his bed, grabbed his shoe on the floor, and lifted it behind his head like he was going to throw a deadly weapon.
Get out of my room! Santi bellowed although his voice was obviously shaking.
I am here for some bread, the intruder insisted.  I am not going to steal anything from you, and I am not going to hurt you.  I am here for some bread, please.
Get out of my room or I will call security!
Santi paused, stunned. 
Security, he repeated in a hushed voice, his eyes in a contemplative downcast.  S-s-s-s-security. He finally looked at the intruder with such glow in his eyes like he had achieved an exponential feat.
The intruder, however, was in sheer bewilderment.  His long face slightly tilted to his right, his eyebrows furrowed.  He wondered what was so spectacular with the word.
Err.  Right.  Security, he reluctantly affirmed in a low voice.
Yes.  Santi momentarily paused.  Yesssss!!! His eyes shone bright on the confused intruder.  Did you hear that?  Did you hear the s?
The intruder, still dumbfounded, replied after a few seconds like he was assessing the situation if he was a victim of a practical joke.
I sure did, he slowly said.
Whoa! Santi paced to his left and then to his right and to his left again like his feet could not contain his excitement.  Thisss isss awesssome!  Wow!  He gave a delirious laughter that left the stranger watching at him in utter silence and sheer confusion.
Santi!  Santi!  Open the door!
It was his nanny calling, incessantly knocking at the door.  Still overwhelmed with his uplifted curse, he sprang to the door and opened it with a wide grin.  Concurrently, the juvenile intruder ducked behind Santis bed.
Hello, Yaya.
Yaya was completely bemused.  Her lips protruded from her plump cheeks, her eyebrows creased towards the bridge of her nose.
I heard you screaming, she said sounding alarmed.
Santi was still not sure whether to show off his letter s.  He was overwhelmed by fear of anticipating failure.  
Im Im then he mouthed the word sorry, looking down at his feet.
The intrigue in his nannys face did not cease to tighten her facial muscles, although she softened up when Santi apologized.
Why did you scream?  And havent you changed your clothes yet?  And why are you holding your shoe? She finally pointed at Santis shoe in his hand.
Santi scratched his nape.
Why did you scream? She asked with finality in her tone.
For our play tomorrow.
Then his nanny tilted her head to her right.  
Santi, why is your window open?
He looked over his shoulder, and for a moment he remembered that an intruder just jumped over his window.  He quickly realized that the intruder was just hiding behind his bed when he caught a glimpse of the intruders wisp of black hair.
The air conditioner is switched on, Yaya said rather exasperated.  Your mother doesnt want you to open it when the air conditioner is switched on.
She was marching through the door when Santi immediately blocked her way. 
Err.  Yaya, dont worry.  Ill do it.
His nanny stared at him, her eyebrows still furrowed.  She looked dazed and angry at the same time. 
Santi walked backwards making sure that she was not following him.  When he was a few steps from his window, his eyes swiftly tore from the intruder crouched behind his bed.  At that very brief glance, Santi could make out the intruders nervous yet gratified stare.  He finally closed the window, and quickly paced towards Yaya, gently leading her out of his room.
Yaya, I wont do it again.
She softened as she sighed in resignation, lightly tapping his shoulder like she accepted his apology.
Ill go back to the kitchen and check your dinner.  By the way, do you need anything?
No, Yaya.  Oh!  Would you be kind enough to bring bread?
Bread? His yaya confirmed.  I think we only have cinnamon rolls left.
That would be perfect.  And a drink too.
Orange juice?
Ye  yeah! He was completely wary of uttering the s.
She nodded and left.  He watched her tread the stairs.  When she was halfway to the kitchen, Santi closed the door, sighing in relief.
You can come out now.
The young intruder slowly got up, and sighed in relief too.
Thank you, the intruder said, wiping the sweat off his forehead with his sleeve.
Santi furrowed his eyebrows, although he knew what the thank you was for.
For what?
For not calling s-s-s-s-security.
The boys chuckled.  
My name is Santi, he said, now relaxed, yet forming a distance from the intruder.  It was clear that the intruder was inches taller than him.
Santi?  Short for Santiago?
Santi nodded.  
Seriously? The intruder said rather glad.  They call me Tiago.  Short for  
Santiago, they said together, and they laughed.
Just look at coincidence, huh, Tiago, the juvenile intruder, said as he surveyed the room with his palms on his hips, and some nods like he was meant to approve his surroundings.
So where are you from? Santi asked.
Tiago jumped on Santis bed, tossing his slippers off his filthy feet. He crossed his arms behind his head, and finally crossed his right leg over the left.  Santi was taken aback at how extremely comfortable Tiago was in someone elses bed.
In the bowels of your kingdom, my lord.
What?
Slums, Tiago replied, making it simple for Santis comprehension.
Oh! Santi did not know how else to respond.  He was still closer to the door.  He still did not forget that Tiago was an intruder.  He could make an easy escape if Tiago attempted to pounce on him.
So are you doing your homework, schoolboy?
Santi glanced at the newly bought book on his bed that was now in the hands of Tiago.  He shook his head.
No.  I dont enjoy doing homework.
Oh yes.  I understand.  Thats why I left school.  It was a voluntary and involuntary decision actually.  Talk about laziness and poverty rolled into one.  Blame it on my parents or on myself or on those vicious public officials who framed us to conceal their dark secrets.  Or should I say, blame it on fate for this curse that I am trapped in. Then Tiago smiled at Santi.  Wise men would say that my destiny is in my hands.  Therefore, I should embrace this curse, and learn to survive with it.
Santi was amazed at the eloquence of Tiago.  Though Tiago obviously looked financially challenged, he spoke in erudition like he was gifted with outspoken philosophies that beyond his age could appreciate.
What about you, Santi? Tiago said, absently turning the pages of the book.  What is your curse?
Santi swallowed hard.  For years he knew what it was, but his fate changed just this afternoon.  He thought hard for a second.  He assumed that Tiago would not be interested in his answer but he found Tiago comfortably gazing at him from his own bed.
Solitary, he replied.
You mean, s-s-solitary? Tiago said, his pale face tinted with a naughty grin.
They both giggled.  Tiago shrugged his shoulders and said, Solitary, he said as if thinking deeply about the word.  That could be worse than the slums.
Santi thought hard about it too.  He had no idea how it felt like to live in the slums but he was sure he did not want to be in that place either.  Whatever the curse was, whether it was worse than the other, a curse was still a curse.  
The contemplative silence was filled with Yaya knocking on the door.  He gesticulated to Tiago to hide.  Tiago jerked, and rolled out of the bed, and crouched behind it like a wary animal hiding from its predator.  Santi opened the door when he thought that Tiago was fully hidden.  Right at the door, he found Yaya with a bowl of two cinnamon rolls and a glass of orange juice.  
Here are your snacks, she said.
Thank you, Yaya.
Normally, she would leave upon bringing him his requests.  This time though she was still standing at the door with her lips slightly drawn to her ears, her eyebrows furrowed, wrinkles beside her eyes showed how aged she was.
I cannot pinpoint what it is, but I see glow in your eyes.
Santi stared at her, unaware of what to say.
I hope you continue to have that glow, Santi.  Im extremely happy for you.
His lips twitched to his ears, and said, Thank you.
She nodded without getting the smile off her face, and left.  Santi was momentarily transfixed.  He liked what his nanny said.  She must be right.  It made him feel a lot better.  He closed the door behind him.
Hey, Tiago, he called.  Heres what you came for.
Tiago made a dramatic appearance by standing straight, his head held high, his left hand holding the book of poems, his right hand swirling, and his eyes shifted from the book to Santi.
If I leave
please do not forget
the special bond.
Clinging,
clasping;
however, gasping
wanting to be free
wanting to be emancipated.
That is what I want,
when you leave.
Santi gawked.  Yes, Tiago lived in the slums, but that did not deter him from exuding flair of confidence in reading the poem.  If only Santi could have the same confidence.  Tiago smiled upon closing the book.
This is a good book. Then his eyes fell on the cinnamon rolls.  I assume those are mine.
Santi snapped back to his senses.
Oh yes!  Here!
Tiago dropped the book on the bed, and snatched the cinnamon rolls, ignoring the orange juice for a second.  He voraciously ate what seemed to be his first real meal after several years.  He slumped on the bed, taking every single crumb that fell on his lap.  
This is absolutely good, he said after swallowing a big lump of sweet bread.
Santi smiled, nodding.  He took the book of poems, and searched for the verse that Tiago read. 
How did you do that?
What? Santi said, taking a raisin stuck in between his teeth by his tongue.
Read the poem like youre a natural crooner.
Tiago chuckled, and drank his juice.
You dont read a poem, Santi.  You feel it, he replied in erudition.
Santi thought about it for a second.  He had no idea how to feel a poem especially if he could not understand what it meant which was mostly the case.
Can you teach me how to feel a poem?
Tiago stared at him as he succulently licked his fingers.
Hmmm.  That sounds tough but Ill give it a try.
Santis lips twitched.
Whats your motivation, my friend? Tiago asked.  For a second, Santi liked this hungry intruder referring him as a friend.  He had no real one since his best friend left him.  Let me guess.  A girl. Tiago smiled and winked.
Santi felt all his blood rushed to his cheeks.  He was studying in an exclusive school for boys, and he did not know how to deal with girls either.  Well, his mother and his nanny were different.  He did not know how to deal with girls of his age.  Since he as well as the people around him considered him as socially handicapped, there was no doubt he would struggle making friends with a girl of his age.
No.  Of course not, he replied, sounding defensive.
Oh!  For school? Tiago asked rather disappointed.
Santi shook his head.  He took the flyer for the poem reading competition that lay laconically on his bed, and handed it to Tiago.  Tiago read the title.
A poem reading competition?
Santi nodded.  
So, do you have a favorite poem?
Santi felt embarrassed with this question.  How could he have the nerve to join a poem reading competition when he did not even have a favorite poem  or know a particular poem by heart?  He finally resigned to his lack of knowledge of poetry as he shook his head.  Tiago silently emaciated his eyes, studying him.  
What? Santi shrugged his shoulders.
You said it yourself that you are not fond of doing your homework, which I presume that you are, well, how do I put this?  Youre not on the bright side  intellectually speaking.
Well, my grades are passing.
Let me guess.  Most of your grades are 75%? Tiago assumed.
Santi nodded which made Tiago smile in enlightenment.
Ahh!  75%!  The threshold grade that with just one slip would drop you to the soul crushing failed mark on your report card. Tiago emaciated his eyes at nothing in particular, shaking his head.  Santi could not agree more.
And now you do not have a favorite poem.  So why do you want to join this competition?  I dont see the point.
It was quite difficult for Santi to begin his explanation.  He had no idea why all of a sudden his lisp vanished.  
I have a speech defect.  I have a lisp.
Tiago momentarily stared at him in silence as he licked the cinnamon filling from his thumb that again created a squelching sound.
Youre kidding me.
No, no, Santi said.  I really dont know how to explain this.  Just when I got off school this afternoon, Im sure I still had a lisp.  And when I got home, and talking to you now, it just disappeared.
Tiago shook his head, his eyes broadened in fear.
You mean to say something just enchanted you the moment I arrived?  Man, youre freaking me out. Tiago moved an inch farther from Santi.
Santi sighed, shaking his head with what seemed to be an unbelievable occurrence.
I dont know, Tiago.  But whatever took out my curse, I am forever grateful.  And now, I think I have the confidence to go to the competition.  Without my lisp, I think I can win this.  Or perhaps not.  Not talking too much for years just makes me forget the art and science of using my mouth and my vocal chords.
Just then, Tiago finished his second cinnamon roll.  He downed his orange juice, and burped loudly that Santi did not hide his grimace.
What? Tiago shrugged his shoulders.
Thats disgusting.
See.  You should learn how to let loose once in a while. 
Tiago placed the empty saucer and glass on the floor, and lay comfortably on Santis bed again.  Santi was about to forbid him when Tiago spoke.
When you recite a poem, no one would care to notice how you speak as long as you are sincere in delivering every word of the piece.  Once you know the meaning of the poem, you would be able to interpret it eloquently like you are singing the words without a musical arrangement.  Its just that magical.
Santi was trying to catch up with what Tiago was trying to convey.  Witnessing Santis bemused gaze, Tiago resigned to a shorter and more comprehensible message.  He sat up with his legs folded.
I can help you.
Santis eyes broadened, and he was trying to suppress a smile.
Really?
Yeah!
But how am I going to pay you?  How much do you want?
Tiago smiled.
Bread.  And oh yes, a glass of juice too.  I frankly enjoyed it.
Santi thought he could afford Tiagos services.
Everyday Ill come into your room at exactly 3 PM.  Im sure youre home by that time from school.
Santi nodded deliriously.
Just a short session every afternoon until the day of the competition.  How does that sound?
Its a deal.
Great, Tiago said, smiling.  So since you have given your payment for the day, I suggest that we begin our first session this instant.
Santi glowed.  
I cant wait to start.
Still wearing his school uniform without his mothers knowledge, Santi sat beside Tiago as they searched for a good poem from his new book.



Chapter 2
Cielo

Oh!  So youre the new girl.  Nice to meet you.  Im Judith.  Im the morning shift supervisor, said a short and corpulent middle-aged woman as she sat on her rather old swivel chair in her stingy office.
Nice to meet you too, Miss Judith.  You can call me Cielo.
Cielo gave out a meager smile, and breathed deeply.  This caused Judith  or what the others in the institution addressed her as Miss Judith because of her position and her tenure  to smile without getting her eyes off the new girl.
Nervous, huh? She said like she had been there before.
Cielo nodded.  She licked her lips, and ran her hand along her ponytailed hair.  She brushed her palms against her white uniform which she thought did not suit her at all because she was not a nurse.  She never was, and she never dreamed of being one.  However, she never thought that she would land as an intern in a private-run home for the aged, Amadeus Rizals Home.  
Relax.  Youre no human if you dont feel the first time jitters.
Cielo remained quiet, and smiled meekly.  The morning shift supervisor reached for a folder on her desk.
I presume you were oriented by our Training Manager yesterday around the building, werent you?
Yes, Miss Judith.
Good, Miss Judith said, although her remark was quite opposite with how her muscles worked on her face.  The edge of her lips arched downward, and her eyebrows slightly furrowed.  I also presume that you know your job description as an intern for our patients.  If the institution thinks you cannot meet their standards, then that means you will be out of the program after your third month.  Are you aware of that? Miss Judith carefully looked at Cielo, and waited for her answer.
Cielo felt a prick inside of her.  She was not sure if she could handle the job, but then she needed the job.  She had to eat, she had to pay her bills and her rent.  It was quite frustrating to think that she had to be stuck in a job that she did not like just so she could survive.  Since she was left with no other choice, she replied, Yes, with a smile that made her muscles exert some effort.
Good, Miss Judith said, again her remark contrasted what she truly felt for this new girl.  You will be assigned to Mr. Vincent Fabregas  well, Professor Vincent Fabregas.  He was a professor in one of the top universities in the country.  Despite his success in his career, he has aged alone.  He doesnt have his own family.
Cielo pondered about this thought for a brief moment.  She wondered which was worse: to be successful in ones chosen career while living a solitary life; or to be stuck in a frustrating job though surrounded by a loving family.  
Let me review your schedule.  You will deal with your resident the whole morning.  A nurse will be assigned to your resident in the afternoon.  Therefore, you are expected to do some clerical work after lunch.  Normally, the clients spend the afternoon with their therapists, or socializing with the other residents of Amadeus Rizals, or some time alone.
Cielo nodded quietly.  
Ill be giving you a couple of minutes to study his files while I look for him.
Cielo smiled as Miss Judith left the office momentarily.  That brief moment of solitary made her quickly decide if she would stay or run away  while there was still time.  She skimmed through the files in the white folder.  Her residents name was Vincent Augustus Fabregas.  He was 79 years-old and a retired full time professor.  She found a portrait of a wrinkle-faced man with receding gray hair.  He clearly seemed to have lived a life of wisdom and cognition.  She was not really studying the files, instead she was studying her thoughts.  Stay or run away?  Before she had come up with a decision, the door opened.
Cielo, please come with me.
She followed Miss Judith out of the office as they treaded the narrow hallway of the institution.  She glanced at a room where nurses, who were dressed like her, assisted frail bodies out of their beds or chairs.  Stay or run away?
Ahead of her, a lovable old woman in a floral long dress animatedly told her experience during the world war to a half-interested nurse.  Stay or run away?
Close to the reception hall, a hunched-back senior pestered his nurse if he could call his family.  The nurse explained that the institution had no contact with his family for years.  The old man was extremely persistent.  Stay or run away?
There he is, Miss Judith said as they reached the backyard.
Cielo looked around the green garden.  This was her favorite part of the institution when she first saw this during her orientation.  Trees served as a picket from the outside world, the grass was neatly trimmed like it would make a soft green carpet, the bushes and shrubs of flowers that were strategically positioned close to some trees contributed a heavenly aroma that one would take time to stop and appreciate the fragrance.  The blue sky had swirls of clouds.  Birds exhibited their lovely voices.  There were some benches that faced the square garden.  In the middle was a fountain with a white angel sculpture.  Some aged people found themselves in clusters as they chatted, played chess, or just merely appreciated the wonders of nature in silence.  Some nurses joined their patients or just served as sentinel.  Cielo thought that the garden was a place of solace for both the aged and the nurses.  Stay or run away?
Hes the one sitting alone on that bench.  Just a piece of advice.  Always listen to his stories.  Hes a little bit grumpy.  Here, Ill introduce you to him.
Cielo swallowed hard.  There she was walking side by side with Miss Judith.  She then realized there was no backing out now  well, for that particular day.  She stared at the senior who resembled the man that she had seen on the files she partly studied.  His face was wrinkled, he fixed his eyeglasses on the bridge of his nose.  What set him apart from the other senior citizens in the institution was his smart choice of clothing.  Other men of his age also dressed in well pressed shirts and trousers though they felt comfortable wearing a pair of slippers.  Cielos patient, on the other hand, wore well polished black shoes and clean white socks  and a dark blue tie that complimented his off white buttoned shirt and a pair of brown tweed trousers.  He was an epitome of a shrewd educator who was on his way to the university.  He was alone enjoying the morning sun and his cup of tea.
The nurses call him Professor Fabie short for his last name Fabregas.  Thats what his former students and his colleagues used to call him, Miss Judith continued as they made their way to the lone man who sipped from his demitasse.  Good morning, Professor Fabie.  I would like you to meet your new intern.  Her name is Cielo.
Professor Fabie looked up, indignantly stared at Cielo, quietly stared at her from head to toe, and spoke in a manner when reprimanding a student.  
I am going to speak to the general manager of Amadeus Rizals immediately.  How could you assign an intern like her to me?
Cielo felt a lump in her throat.
But she  
I dont like her.  And just look at her.  Shes conspicuously boring!
Cielo felt her blood rushing to her cheeks.  She knew she looked boring, and she was one, for sure.  However, she did not need anyone to point that out to her.  She looked down, and for a moment, glanced at her patients hand with the demitasse.  It was shaking in fury.  She did not look around, but she could tell that the other seniors and nurses were watching them.
Professor Fabie, I am sure she  
Wheres the other girl who used to see me? His demanding voice ceased Miss Judith to conclude her sentences.  That girl with a pierced nose and black lipstick.  I like her!
Sir  
Professor!
Miss Judith clandestinely rolled her eyes, and sighed.
Professor, she resigned.
Why?  Arent you taking good care of your employees?
No, Si  Professor.  She went to her home province to get married.
This silenced the ill-tempered retired professor.  Cielo tried to decipher where his eyes would finally drop.  He was suddenly lost in a trance like something just snatched his spirit away from him.  
Professor Fabie, I am sure Cielo would be as good as your previous intern.  Cielo.
Cielo snapped back to her senses.  Her eyes begged Miss Judith to stay for a while.  Miss Judith drew closer to her and whispered, Good luck.  And the supervisor made her way out of the garden.  Cielo smiled wondering if Miss Judith was genuine or sarcastic.  Whatever it was, she was left in reality that she had to deal with the old man for the whole morning.  She was glad she would spend the afternoon behind a desk.  She looked at Professor Fabie who became silent the moment he knew why his previous intern left.  Cielo edged towards the bench.  Then she sat beside her resident.
Its a pretty morning, isnt it, Professor?
There was no response from the other end.  Cielo was uneasy with the silence.
I love how they landscaped the garden.  Its just so relaxing that I can stay here for the whole day.
She leered at the quiet old man.  She mentally searched for another topic to start an interactive conversation.
The fountain is beautifully designed just like the  
Please stop.  I know youre just trying to open a conversation.
Again, she did not need him to point that out.  Professor Fabies voice lay low although his tone still retained its grumpiness.
Its not going to happen.  Id prefer if you just sit there without saying a word than mumble on anything nonsensical.
Cielo did not know what to do.  According to her job description, one of her duties was to be with her assigned resident.  She should be there to listen and to converse with him.  But if he wanted her to keep quiet, would it be the right thing to do?  So she decided to do the right thing.

How was your morning with Professor Fabie? Miss Judith pleasantly asked  though Cielo was sure that there was a tinge of sarcasm to it  while Cielo was taking off some papers from a stack of white folders.
It was a very quiet morning, Miss Judith, Cielo shyly replied, feeling like she had been an incompetent intern.
Miss Judith smiled like she had expected that answer from the new girl.
I knew that would happen.
Cielos cheeks burned as if she wanted the earth to swallow her whole.  She was embarrassed on how incompetent she was on her first day.  She may not be able to make it on her third month  or so on her second day.  
Professor Fabie is a wise man.  He knows if hes being played around or not.  The intern previous to you also began her first day in silence.  As a matter of fact, they did not talk for days.  But then when she tried to talk to him about the solar system, which is by the way Professor Fabies line of interest, he started to open up, and he began to tell her a story which he said was his favorite book.  She listened, until they got along.  Too bad she left to start a family of her own.  She was a great intern who could handle a difficult resident.
Cielo watched Miss Judith looking absently at the horizon perhaps trying to recall the previous intern with a pierced nose and black lipstick.  She just managed a meager smile that Miss Judith could not see.  The supervisor approached a therapist in a white coat.  And once again alone, Cielo took out papers from a stack of white folders.
     *****
It was late afternoon when Cielo met her landlady in her apartments living room.  It was just a small house with an extra bedroom for a tenant to rent since the landlady lived alone.  If Professor Fabie was the least garrulous, her landlady seemed to be the most loquacious person she had met.  
How was your day? asked her landlady who was given a pedicure by a hunched middle-aged woman.
It was fine, Cielo replied, not wanting to go into details.  Besides, she was extremely tired  well, emotionally.
Good, good.  Its not very far from here, is it?
About 15 minutes walk, Cielo said, and began walking to her room.
Good, good.  At least, you will save a lot from transportation costs.  Are you going to have your dinner now?  Theres a fastfood nearby if you dont want to cook your own meals.
Yes.  Ive seen that on the way.  She faked a smile.
You can walk there even in the middle of the night.  Its completely safe here.  Just be careful with some jeepney drivers.  They are a bunch of reckless hustle and bustle.
Thank you.  OH MY GOD!!!  She was already inches from her bedroom door.  She reached for the door knob, and she was itching to twist it open.
Do you have a boyfriend? Her landlady grinned.  I have a cousin.  He is a bachelor.  Perhaps both of you can meet one day.  He and his girlfriend just broke up a week ago.  I can set a date for both of you.
Cielo smiled courteously, but there was no way she was going on a date with anyone.  She twisted the door knob open, and waved at her landlady.
Oh wait!  Before you get inside, which do you think is better? The landlady held up two small bottles of nail polish.  One was lime green, and the other was purple.  Cielo realized how could her landlady ask for her opinion if she conspicuously did not have any sense of fashion at all?
I dont know.
Come on, come on.  Which one? 
The purple one, Cielo replied just for the sake of responding.
Her landlady quickly surveyed the two bottles of nail polish.  Her eyebrows furrowed like she was in the middle of an extremely difficult mental challenge.  She then talked to her manicurist, Alright!  Lets go with this one.  And she gave the lime green nail polish, as her manicurist began to apply what seemed to be like a shade of pale grass on the landladys toenails.
Cielo breathed in, and entered her room before her landlady could talk to her again.  She called her bedroom Three-Stepped Room because three steps from the door was her bed; three steps from her bed was a chest drawer for her clothes, three steps from her chest drawer was her dresser; three steps from her dresser was a mini bookshelf; and three steps from her mini bookshelf was the door.  That was going to be the sequence if she wanted to maintain the theory of three steps in her room.  There was a small window opposite the door, and it was just as small as a hardbound atlas.  That dingy room was the only shelter that she could afford.  She crashed on her bed, buried her face in her pillow, and screamed.  She kept her face buried until she could hardly breathe.  She turned around, and stared at her dilapidated ceiling like someone had started to peel it off, and waited for anyone to remove it completely.  She stared at her stained ceiling like she could find the answers to questions about how her life was running.
Then she recalled how her day went at Amadeus Rizals Home.  It was miserable!  She spent the entire morning beside Professor Fabie in utter silence.  She had to manage Professor Fabies occasional grunts.  None of them dared to look at each others direction.  At one point, Cielo was lost in a trance that she had fallen asleep with her eyes opened.  
She thought there were only a few people who were destined to be in an institution like Amadeus Rizals Home.  They had to be patient, and they should also be charismatic.  She was none of those.  Besides she really did not finish college to be an intern in a home for the aged.  However, fate had brought her to the shelter of senior citizens who did not have a family to take care of them  or sadly, were forgotten by their family at all.
She finally had the strength to get up, and randomly picked a book stacked on her single-layered bookshelf.  It was a collection of myths in the country.  She skimmed through the pages until she fell asleep.
*****
Cielo pressed the book to her chest.  She took careful steps to the garden.  Miss Judith came out of her office.  Cielos lips twitched to her ears as she nodded.  Miss Judith reciprocated the smile.  Her eyes gazed at the book on Cielos chest.  Her eyebrows arched like she was acknowledging Cielos efforts.  Cielo somehow felt like a struggling student being critiqued by a teacher.  She did not stop walking until the morning sun warmth her face.  The soles of her shoes brushed against the trimmed grass.  There she saw Professor Fabies fair nape that was almost the color of his aging receding hair.  He was sitting alone on the same bench.  From a distance, she could tell that he was wearing a blue coat that was the same color as his trousers.  Beneath his coat was a light pink button down shirt based on the collar that slightly wrapped his nape.  She paused and took a deep breath.
Its show time.
Cielo sat beside the retired professor.
Good morning, Professor Fabie, she greeted pleasantly, making an effort to grin from ear to ear.
The professor barely looked at her. He slightly turned to her direction and quickly focused his attention in front of him.  He exhaled impatiently, crossing an arm on his chest and the other hand was holding his cup of coffee, while muttering incomprehensible words.  
So hows your day, Sir?
Professor!
I mean, Professor.  Im sorry.  So? She lightly rolled her eyes at herself.  How could she forget that?
Tss!  Glorious!  The professor said.
Cielo nodded.
Thats good to hear.
That was Plan A.  Obviously, it did not work.
Well then, Professor.  Lets enjoy the morning.
She opened her book on her lap, beginning at the first page of the first chapter.  That was Plan B.  She tried to understand the message of the text, but she was merely skimming the words.  She turned to the second page.  She wondered if she looked like a fast reader.  So she slowed down a bit, focusing her eyes on words that did not make sense in a sentence.  She could hear the serene splash of water from the fountain.  There were muffled voices of elders close to them.  Birds were chirping to their hearts delight.  She tilted her head to the following page.  She did not have Plan C.  She could feel her forehead warming, forming beads of sweat.  Again, she did not have Plan C.
They say, do not give yourself the slightest opportunity to entertain the Black Dwarf.
Cielo quickly turned her head to her left.  Did she hear it right?  Did Professor Fabie just speak to her?  For a moment, she was lost in a trance.  She was staring back at a pair of eyes that were once as dark as the moonless night sky, but now shrouded with signs of cataract.
Sir  I mean, Professor?
A Black Dwarf would never leave you especially if you have done something against its wish.  Do you know that? His voice retained an impression of authority, but the decibels lowered.  He sounded like a teacher in class sharing fresh information to his students.
Cielo initially could not understand why he mentioned about the Black Dwarf out of the blue.  Until she realized that the book that she was reading was about Philippine Folklore.
My grandmother used to tell me that, she said, still she could not believe that Professor Fabie had slightly changed his attitude, and yet she was not prepared for this positive outcome.
Your grandmother was right, he said, nodding.  I also listened to my grandmother.
Cielo giggled, and stopped abruptly realizing that he may not like her awkward response.  Professor Fabie emaciated his eyes and furrowed his eyebrows as he looked at the horizon beyond him.  Cielos muscles were beginning to crumble again.  She might have triggered him to his old self  the grumpy professor who did not like boring interns with out of place responses.  If only she could take back what she just did.  Professor Fabie turned to her with delight in his breathing, and a singsong in his voice.  
Have you heard about the boy who doesnt see the sun?
Cielo gazed at the old mans lips slightly drawing to his ears.  The edges of his eyes showed signs of shy laugh lines.  She smiled.
Please tell me, Professor.


Chapter 3
Odi

Odi cocked his head from left to right.  The moon was at its peak.  The quiet night was serenaded by an orchestra of nocturnal denizens of the lush forest.  The moon peeking through the branches of the trees served as Odis light to help his vision.  His eyes were too keen, his arms and legs were too agile for a twelve-year-old boy.  He focused his sight on a sudden movement in a burrow just a few feet from his position.  He stealthily paced toward the burrow.  He poised his customized spear made of trimmed bamboo.  He did not blink.
Come on.  Move.
The earth was still, and so was he.  As soon as a movement caught his attention, he threw his spear in an amazing speed that one would miss in a blink of an eye.  He ran to his target.  He took out his sharpened dagger tucked beneath his belt.  With a mighty force, he stabbed the gray rabbit to its heart.  The shuffling rabbit immediately ceased movement.  Odi pulled the spear from the rabbits chest.  He thought next time he should learn to aim his target right at the heart.  He carried the rabbit by its ears, as he headed to his shelter.  The nocturnal birds sounded like they were either celebrating with him for his catch for the night, or mourning the death of the rabbit.  Either way, Odi decided that it was worth celebrating for he was guaranteed his dinner  or breakfast in the middle of the night.
Indeed, Odi began his day when the sun had completely descended; when the forest was blanketed with darkness that the presence of the moon brought forth some spare light; when the night exuded an ominous effect.  Odi was a self-proclaimed nocturnal.
He arrived at his nook which was a small cave beneath a grass-filled cliff.  In front of the mouth of the cave was a mat of twigs set on fire that heated water in a topsy-turvy-shaped pot which he laboriously made for days out of rocks and clay soil.  Piled uneven rocks served as the pots stand swallowed by fire.  Odi skinned the rabbit with his reliable dagger, and soaked it in the pot.  He sat on a big rock a few feet from the fire, and rubbed his palms for warmth.  Whatever the weather was, the forest was chilly at night.  His off-white sleeveless shirt and brown shorts were indeed of meager help to keep him warm  and to shield him from pestering mosquitoes.  
He blankly stared at the crackling fire, and wished that he could soon eat his first meal for the day.  In his peripheral vision, two glistening parallel dots moved behind the trees.  He looked up, and found an intriguing darkness beyond the trunks.  He gazed at the two green dots each like the size of a coin.  He took his dagger and slowly stood up, his stance was anticipating an attack.  The two green dots faded like two fireflies disappearing into darkness.  The bushes ruffled, and the faint audible footsteps diminished far away.  
Odi did not keep his dagger.  He stared and listened to his surroundings.  No other peculiar sounds and shuffles around him.  He wondered what those green eyes belonged to.  It was almost his height.  
Could it be the forest god?  Or the elves of the woods?
He pictured a stout and corpulent bearded man with a long green robe and a staff with an emerald stone.  He did not trust the silence.  He finally sat down when the owls began to hoot, the cicadas started their high pitches.  He felt relieved like things went back to their usual state.
The rabbit meat tendered.  Odi kicked the pot with boiling water.  On the outer side of the fire he stabbed two opposite poles into the ground, ran a long stick through the rabbit, and heated his meal on top of the fire.  He turned the rabbit from side to side until he thought it was cooked.  
He did not need any ceremony or prayer to introduce his meal.  He took a big slice of the rabbits meat, and stuffed it into his mouth.  He breathed out in gusto.  It was the best tasting meat he had ever had so far.  That was a healthy rabbit he caught, and he had never felt so lucky.  He had to keep the half for his lunch and dinner.  He decided to pick berries for dessert after his breakfast.  He wrapped his meal that he saved for the rest of the night in a clean cloth, and secured it in his home.  The cave was not really enormous.  Odi had to slightly bend down when he stood.  The cave was just about five feet wide and about ten feet far from the mouth.  In fact, the mouth of the cave was even too small that he had to crawl just to get inside.  The cave was just enough for him to move around a bit and keep some of his things like hunting tools and stored food, and just enough for him to slumber.  
He smelled at his armpits, and wrinkled his nose.  He definitely needed to take a bath.  He got off his shelter with only the clothes on his back, and his dagger.  He piled rocks on the small mouth of the cave to shut off predators or intruders into his humble home.  He also left the fire burning.  And he carried a small yet thick branch which served as his torch just to help him see his way.  
He trundled in the dark as he listened to a hooting owl.
Hooooot!  He mimicked, gazing up at the wide-eyed wise looking nocturnal bird.
Hooooot!  The owl replied as it twisted its neck 45 degrees.  Then it cocked its head to Odi, and finally looked at the horizon ahead.  
Odi grinned, and continued his way to his destination.  Chipmunks trotted on the branches.  Odi assumed he heard a prolonged hiss above the tree to his right.  He brandished his torch.  Nothing unusual about the tree except for a pattern of gleaming violet diamonds circling one of the thickest branches.
Oh yes.  It could be a snake, he thought indifferently, shrugging his shoulders, and walking past by the tree.
His heart leapt when he heard what sounded like a droplet of water.  He walked faster to his delight, and grinned when he caught sight of a trout jumping out of the water and back.  He planted his torch to the soft ground, took off his clothes, and waded into the cold lake.  He held his breath, intentionally sank into the water for a very short moment, and resurfaced.  He breathed for some cool air.  He stared at the beautiful lunar body that cast enough light to reveal the fishes swimming in the lake.  His favorite swimming position was backstroke.  He had the opportunity to soak into the fresh water while enjoying the scene of the moon, the velvet sky, and the intriguing trees and shrubs that seemed to conceal rich nocturnal secrets whether they were dangerous or whimsical.  He absentmindedly stared at the stars when he felt something slithered around his legs.  He panicked and struggled to keep afloat.  He stared at the clear water, and he found equally startled fishes.  He laughed.  He realized one thing.  He seldom heard his own voice.  He was alone in the forest.  He mimicked the animal sounds but definitely did not converse with them in his usual tone.  He stared at the sullen face of the moon which was staring back at him with a tilted head.  He decided to speak to listen to his voice.
I love the dark.
It was more of a whisper.  He tried again.
I thrive in the dark.
He realized that his voice grew quite low.  
I am Odi.  I thrive in the dark, he tried again with a louder voice.  I am Odi.  I thrive in the dark!  He said this in heightened proclamation.  He liked the power in his growing voice.  
The world around him momentarily ceased like they acknowledged his profound authority.  Then his eyes glued to the same green dots he found outside his home.  It was stationery but he could feel them staring right at him.  He thought those green dots neither belonged to a badger nor to a wild pig.  Those green glistening dots were suspended above one of the bushes.  He had never seen a tiger in the forest before.  The most dangerous animal he had encountered so far was a boa constrictor, and to him it was not at all threatening as long as he was faster to attack than the reptile.  
He slightly sunk his face into the water, leaving his eyes on the surface.  He did not veer his sight away from the green dots which were equally glued to his direction.  He suddenly felt the need to get out of the water.  It was getting cold.  It could be that he stayed in the cool water for so long, or the chills in his spine made him shiver.  Again, he wanted to get out of the water.  But how?  His clothes were lying on the bank close to the green dots.  He could swim for the bank to the opposite direction but that would mean he would run stark naked.  Besides he did not have any spare clothes in the cave.  Those green dots might steal his only clothes if he left.  
Bubbles burst in front of his eyes from his nose.  He kicked himself up, throwing his fist into the air, screaming at the top of his lungs.
RAAAAAAAAAAAAARRR!!! He tried to shake off fear from his booming voice.  RAAAAAAAARRR!!!  He screamed again, slapping the water in front of him, ignoring a soft splash on his eyes, throwing his fist into the air, and finally pointing his finger at the green dots.  He felt he was the most intrepid in the forest.
He was heaving his chest, screaming some more that some of the animals joined him in a cacophony in the middle of the night.  The green dots finally caved in, hiding again beneath the bushes and the trees.  
Odi ceased.  He watched for the green dots.  They did not reappear.  He took this opportunity as he swam swiftly to the bank, and wore his unwashed clothes which he initially planned to do next after his bathe.  Instead of taking his usual trip home, he took the opposite route where the forest was denser to the point that he could not find a trail.
He finally got home after what seemed to be almost an hour, the longest journey from the lake to the cave.  The fire was still burning.  He rubbed his arms and legs as he sat right in front of the fire.  He was about to get inside when the green dots reappeared behind the trees.  He took his dagger and brandished it to the mysterious suspended coins.
Show yourself, coward! 
The green dots quietly stared at him.  He was not afraid, but he felt his heart beating extremely fast.  It could be fury  or not admitting a slight of fear too.
Dont just hide there!  Show yourself!
Odi held his dagger, and his feet were in an attack stance.  To his relief, however, the green dots flew away as usual.  Odi stood agape.  Those green dots were still a puzzle to him.  Without putting his dagger down, he laughed.
Coward! He bellowed.
He hauled the rocks off the mouth of the cave, and entered.  He took his torch with him, and secured it into the ground surrounding the base with rocks to make it stand.  He rummaged his little storage area where his meal for the rest of the day and other tools were kept.  There he found a black rock.  He scrambled to the other corner.  He drew two imperfect blocked circles on the cave wall.  He stared at the two black dots which were drawn beside a stick figure of what seemed to be a father, a mother, and a little boy.  He was never alone to begin with.  He was not until that one tragic day which just happened half a year ago, but it seemed to be like a very distant time, somewhat like a decade had passed.  He woke up one morning when his father shook him from his bed.
Odi, we have to leave now, his father said.
Odi wiped his misty eyes, and quickly got off bed.  He found his father rummaging for weapons in his parents bedroom, and his mother carrying a knapsack.
What is going on? Odi asked.
Come, my son, his mother said.  Though she was corpulent, she was swift enough to haul him to the back door where their carriage was waiting.  Quick, Odi.  Hop on, said her mother hurriedly although her voice was still gentle.
Though dazed, Odi obliged as he climbed up the carriage.  He watched his father slamming the door behind him.  With his bulging muscles, the door could possibly be unhinged at that instant.  The horse grunted at the weight when Odis father climbed up the carriage.  He raised the bridle, and the horse automatically galloped and gained speed.
Odi looked behind their small house for the last time.  Then their chickens were left wandering.  
The chickens got loose, he told his mother, but she gently turned his cheek forward.  He could tell her mother was trying her best not to cry.  What is going on, Mama?
His mother did not reply as she tucked him in her arms tightly.  He tried to search for answers from his father who never ceased to look tensed.  
Then his father looked back, and whipped the bridle.  The horse ran faster that Odi was afraid that the carriage would overturn.  He followed his fathers glance, and found about four or five men on their horses, racing after them.  He recognized them even from afar.  They were the ruthless gangsters who pried on families for food and money.  
Oh no! His mother breathed.  We cannot get into the forest in this carriage.
We can!  HIYAAAH!!!
The horse sped some more upon the orders of Odis father.  The trail of the forest was becoming undulated and narrower.
Mama, mama Odi anticipated what would happen to them as the speeding carriage treaded the uneven trail poking with small rocks.
Before he could completely utter what he thought, the spokes of the wheels collapsed.  The family tumbled off the carriage.  Odi clung to his mother who shielded his head with her beefy arms all the way to their final fall.  His father quickly scrambled to his feet, and hauled his family.
Quick, into the cave, Odis father said, pointing to a small hole at the foot of a green cliff.
Get inside, Odi, his mother said, pushing him into the dark cave.
Mama, Papa. He could not say he was afraid of the dark.  His voice was shaking.
His parents began piling rocks on the mouth of the cave.  Odi broadened his eyes in horror, realizing what his parents were doing.
Mama, Papa
Do not get out of the cave until its safe, do you hear me? His father said in a demanding yet pleading tone in his voice.
Odi saw how his father tried to control his tears from flowing from his eyes.  The cave was half covered.  He shook his head, pleading them not to leave him.  
Please be quiet.  Please.  We will be back, said his mother, her face was soaked with tears.
When the last rocks were piled, his parents reached out to him, and the last he remembered were his parents tight grip on his hands.  He wept bitterly until the cave was completely covered, rays of light from the outside world tried to seep into the small holes in between the piled rocks.  He heard his parents running until hooves of horses followed them.
Inside the cave, Odi leaned his ear against the rocks.  He was careful not to topple them off.  He could not see what was happening although he could mentally picture what was happening with the sounds.  He could hear his mother screaming, pleading the bandits to let go of her husband.  She was sobbing, and it pierced Odi to hear her mother crying.
Where is the gold? said a gruff voice.
Like I said.  We dont have any gold.  We are just poor farmers, said Odis father.
I despise liars, said the gruff voice.
No, no, please, Odis mother said.  He could imagine her kneeling, begging.  Please do not hurt him.
Odi heard a long loud slice that made his father scream in anguish pain, and his mother yelled a prolonged no.  Then he heard the other men laughing.
Take them! ordered the gruff voice.
Odis parents were still screaming in pain, until their voices and the hooves of the horses diminished from his hearing.  Realizing that he was alone, Odis body trembled.  He was cautious not to be caught as his promise to his parents.  However, he felt he had betrayed his parents for not protecting them.  He could have done something.  He wrapped his knees to his chest, his shoulders trembling uncontrollably.  He wept bitterly at the fate of his parents.  
The bandits once intruded Odis small town, including his home.  His mother hid him in a pile of hay for the bandits had a reputation of showing no mercy even to children.  He could still remember it was a quiet night that startled them eventually.  Indeed, bandits normally attacked at night.  But that day, while the sun was still at its peak, made him and his family unprepared for the uninvited guests.
Then in the dark cave, a place so foreign to him, Odi heard something hissed.  He screamed at the top of his lungs when he felt a long cold thing slithered beside him.
He screamed.  He opened his eyes and looked around.  He found his torch standing firmly on one side.  There was a bigger fire outside of his cave.  He realized he woke up from the nightmare that indeed happened to him.
He crawled out of his cave, and looked up at the sky.  He furrowed his eyebrows, and thought he might have slept for a very long time.  The sky was about to get bright by the sun that would show up any moment soon.  He put off the fire by the sand that he collected along the way.  He had to go back to his cave before the sun would finally rise.  He crawled back into his home, piled the rocks on the mouth of the cave.  He thought that he had to hide.  The serene night was about to end, and the dangerous day was about to commence.      
*****
The sun had sunk that gave way to the moon.  Odi began his day  his night  by removing the rocks from the mouth of the cave.  He built fire with the help of twigs and rocks, and his fire building skills.  He hunted, and successfully caught another unfortunate rabbit.  While tenderizing the rabbit in a pot of boiling water, he climbed a coconut tree effortlessly.  Well, he was thankful that the forest produced different kinds of fruit growing trees.  Thanks to his agility too.  He cut two coconuts from the branch.  He carried them under his either armpits, delighted that his drink for the night would be tasty than his usual boiled water.  Upon arrival at his camp, his rabbit was already tender.  He sliced his meal, sprinkled some ground spices that he kept in his storage, and coupled the meal with coconut juice.  It was the best meal he had ever had since his stay in the forest.
It was like dj vu, he spotted the same pair of green dots spying on him behind the trees.  Odi was not threatened at all.  He stared back at the green dots like they were harmless denizens of the woods.  It was like those dots were just mere spectators.  He took a big bite of his cooked rabbit without getting his eyes off the green dots.  Chewing at his rabbit meat, he even nodded at the green dots, and took a big gulp of the coconut.  He sighed at the freshness of the coconut juice.  He wanted to make the green dots envious, but they were still laconic.
Realizing that the green dots were not perilous at all, Odi chuckled at himself for being too suspicious, and finished his breakfast in the core of the night.  
After meal, he kept his leftover in his cave.  He treaded the forest trail with his ever reliable torch.  He greeted the shrewd owl that reciprocated his greeting with a long hoot.  He reached the clear lake where a fish jumped for the moon.  Odi was extremely excited to join the trout that he planted his torch to the ground leaving it slanted, then he threw his clothes on the bank, and jumped into the water.  The fishes evaded him as they let him enjoy the middle part of the lake.  He stared at the sullen face of the moon.  He implicitly greeted the moon with his gentle smile.  He found the green dots watching him again, but this time, he ignored them.  He knew that those green dots were just mere specks in the night.  In fact, the green dots disappeared again.
He swam to the bank when he felt the cold water stung his spine.  He put on his unwashed clothes yet he still felt refreshed from his bath.  He mentally blamed the green dots for scaring him the night before.  He thought he did not do any activity because of the ominous-looking yet harmless green dots.  
So he walked to a hill which was situated beside a waterfall.  It was not a long and dangerous trek.  He was amused at the scrambling chipmunks.  Due to the influx of the rodents, he thought about catching one for his meal tomorrow.  He darted a threatening look at one of them.  
Ill be back for you, he thought amused at himself for being a skilled hunter.
He reached the top of the hill.  Feeling fully triumphant, his hands on his waist and his feet apart, Odi stared at the quiet forest, and listened to the powerful descent of the waterfalls.  He looked down, and the height of the hill made him quite nauseous.  The river was raging.  He thought that he would venture in the river soon.  However, he should learn to fight against the current in case it took him further away from the forest.  He resigned to the fact that the lake was still his refreshing haven.  
Opposite the hill where he was at was a higher slope.  What caught his attention was an unusual pink flame that was suspended in midair.  Odi had never seen that peculiar glow in the forest before.  If the green dots intrigued him, the pink flame was tremendously worth crossing the river for.  He surveyed his trail to the opposite hill.  If he was more intrepid, he would jump into the river, and swim to the opposite bank to climb the hill.  However, he had never mustered any courage yet to attempt the river.  Every time he climbed the hill to enjoy the cool waterfall, he always wondered how deep the river was.  
So he studied a longer path.  Time was of the essence; he sprinted down the hill, and sought his way to the opposite side of the river.  It was indeed a long trek that even the scrambling chipmunks this time did not entertain him.  He had to get to that pink flame.  There was something promising about it. 
The ascent to his destination was more laborious that the muscles in his legs were about to cave in any second.  He finally reached the top of the hill, and he was bemused at the presence of five towering rock pillars that circled the pink flame.  He was sure he did not see those pillars from point of origin.  He gingerly stepped his right foot into the circle like he was anticipating an electrocuting force field.  Nothing happened.  Then his eyes set on the pink flame, cautiously walking close to it.  He noticed the flame was as small as two cupped hands.  It was floating in midair.  It was an extremely intriguing flame because there was no source of ignition, and the color was rather fascinating.  When his finger slowly drew towards it, he heard an enormous voice that sounded like it belonged to a giant.  
How are you, lad?
Startled, Odi stepped back and accidentally hit his head on one of the pillars.  
Do not be afraid, lad.  What is your name? The voice said more amiable this time.
Odi drew his ears to the direction of the flame.  He could not believe the pink flame was talking to him  and it was indeed talking.
What is your name? asked the flame in a benevolent yet big voice.
Odi, he replied, now inching closer to the flame.
Odi.  What an interesting name for a curious boy.
Odi maintained a safe distance from the pink flame.
What are you? Odi asked.
What am I? the pink flame chuckled.  Obviously, I am a flame.
Odi emaciated his eyes at the pink flames sarcasm.
Just like any creation that exists, should you ask, What is your name?
Very well.  What is your name?
My name is Mit-hi.  Whatever you desire or yearn, I am here to help you get it.
Odi widened his eyes.
Impossible, he muttered though he was fascinated.
Do you desire for something, Odi?  It gets very lonely here in the forest.
I do, Odi said after a brief pause, feeling a lump in his throat.  Indeed, he was lonely in the woods.  Tell me, Mit-hi.  How do you grant what I desire?
I do not grant it.  You earn it.
It sounded like an obligatory task.  
Earn?  How? Odi was increasingly curious.
Do you want to know?  Are you willing to take the challenge? the suspended pink flame asked.
Yes, I am, Odi was determined.  
Very well.  Listen carefully, Odi, for I will not repeat what I will tell you.
The waterfalls raging sound did not deter Odi from listening to Mit-hi.  In fact, it was only Mit-his voice that he could hear.
You only have one wish, Odi, so you have to think carefully what you wish for because you are not allowed to change it.
Odi nodded.
You will earn your wish by passing three tests which will begin tonight.
Odi suddenly felt his heart was thumping violently against his chest.  
To know if you pass the test, you should visit me tomorrow here in the same place.  If you pass, then I will give you your next test.  Remember to visit me each night to find out if you pass the test.  If you fail one test, just one test, I am afraid I will not be able to grant your wish.
I have to pass all tests.  I have to!
Shall I start tonight?
Mit-hi chuckled that puzzled Odi.
I just told you, Odi.  Were you not listening?  I told you I will not repeat what I tell you.
Odi furrowed his eyebrows, bemused.  Did he miss something?  Or was he just overwhelmed?        
I understand, Mit-hi.
Are you sure? Though Mit-hi did not possess the essential parts of a face, Odi could tell that the pink flame was casting him a testy smile.
I am, Odi answered with conviction.
Have you thought of your wish?
Different faces and events came and left Odis mind.  He thought about being the king of the forest; leaving the forest; meeting a special girl; going back home; killing the abductors of his parents; reuniting with his parents.  Finally, he knew what to wish for.
I am ready.
Are you?
I am.
Good luck, Odi.  And may your wish unfold before your eyes.
Odi mentally heard a gong that signaled a game had just begun.
Listen to your first test.
The more he tried to clear his mind, the more distracted he was.  He was thinking hard about his wish that he was afraid he could not understand his first test, and be doomed to fail.  He tried to thwart the negativity, until he learned to listen.
If you think you are intrepid, then prepare yourself to be amazed; for you will confront beyond the insipid, even numbers will not get you dazed.
I have no idea.
Mit-hi
Before Odi could ask for more clues, Mit-hi faded like a ghost. 
If you think you are intrepid be amazed Odi muttered, trying to decipher the hidden message.  
He was beginning to be angry at himself for being clueless.  He could not afford to lose the first test.  No, no!  He had to pass this to get close to getting his wish.  He was too busy brooding about his first test that he barely noticed six silver dots like the size of a regular coin suspended beneath the bushes.  It did not even occur in his mind that that those dots were huge insects or whatever denizens of the forest they might be.  
While Odis gaze aimed at the blue-violet sky, and his thoughts even beyond, the silver dots revealed themselves as the eyes of three snarling wolves.  Two were covered in rich chocolate brown fur, one in domineering dark blue.  Each of them made careful steps toward the ponderous boy who was facing away.  Odis nose wrinkled, signaling him that something cunning and ominous was approaching from behind.  He turned around.  His eyes broadened at the watery mouths with razor teeth jutting out of pink gums.  He took a cautious step back, slowly reaching for the dagger tucked in his belt, without getting his eyes off them.  Then his stare landed on the brown wolf in the middle of the pack.  Its silver eyes did not waver from him.  Without warning, it lunged toward Odi as it spread its paws, and bared its teeth.  Odi fell on his back due to the heavy weight of its attacker.  He did not allow the fall to deter him to fight back for as soon as he and the wolf jolted, Odi struck his dagger right at the wolfs throat.  The wolf screeched, and spat a film of saliva amalgamated with blood on Odis face before it slumped lifeless on his body.  As Odi shoved the heavy and deceased brown body off him, the other wolf with an identical hue lunged toward him like it was an all out war in revenge of its twin.  It defied gravity as its paws with sharp untrimmed nails aimed at Odis supine body.  He grabbed the dagger from the dead wolfs throat, but he was not quick enough to do a second immediate execution.  The growling brown wolf set its yellowish teeth for his throat as it bore its heavy weight on his fragile chest.  Odi used his left arm and his feet to keep the wolf from ripping off his face.  The wolfs sinister bark did not intimidate Odi as he stabbed its side in quick consecutive attacks, not minding if he was puncturing its internal organs or its ribs.  The brown wolf wriggled violently gasping for its last breath; Odi, however, did not cease from stabbing its dying attacker.  The wolfs eerie and last howl was the cue of the blue wolf to take over.  Exhausted, Odi shoved the second dead wolf off his body which was bathed in blood and strands of short white and brown fur.  He glanced at the two dead brown wolves that lay side by side.  Odi slowly sat up, tightly gripping the dagger in his right hand.  He and his final contender caped in dark blue coat silently stared at each other, none of them agreed for a truce.  Odi was sure executing him was in the blue wolfs mind.  In his mind, a thought ran into him that this could be his first test.  
Numbers will not get you dazed.
He had killed two out of three vicious beasts.
Whoa!  He was indeed amazed at his own bravery and physical strength.  He had to face one more, and he would definitely pass the first test.  
None of them, Odi and the wolf, moved for several seconds like they were mentally strategizing their next step.  Odi knew the fight was on when the blue wolf displayed its sinister sharp teeth like they were exquisitely designed to tear whatever they could rip into shredded pieces.  
Odi clenched a rock, which was the size of his fist, in his hand, and threw it to the wolf successfully aiming at the wolfs head in between its eyes.  This gave him ample time to scramble to his feet.  The wolf growled, and pounced at Odi.  He swiftly rolled to his right that the wolf sprawled on the ground, its legs protruded straight from its bulky body.  Odi jumped on the wolfs back, and stabbed its nape.  The wolf scrambled to its feet, and faced Odi in a violent whirl.  Odi did not give his opponent an opportunity to retaliate as he stabbed its neck massively.  All these actions happened quickly like time was of the essence.  The blue wolf seemed to be the most invincible of the three.
Save the best for last.
The blue wolf was numb at Odis attack for it aimed to bite his arm which he used to shield himself.  Man and beast wrestled to take each other down.  Odi found an advantage of clinging on the wolfs back.  He clumped himself on the wolf by coiling his arms on its neck, and locking his skinny legs around its midsection.  The wolf was increasingly getting irritated at its attacker on his back that it rolled itself on the ground like it was trying to get a pestering cockroach of its coat.  Odi struck his dagger deeply into the blue wolfs chest, hoping earnestly that the wolf would weaken from his attack.  The blue wolf growled, the decibels almost broke Odis eardrums.  
Die!  Die!  Why cant you die?  Die!
DIE!!! Odi shouted at the top of his lungs, somehow releasing and heaving strength at the same time while his hand with the dagger started to lose speed puncturing the blue wolfs wriggling body.  The dagger seemed to lose its sharpness, and he felt like he was attacking the wolf with a twig.
The wolf finally got the chance to get rid of him from his back.  Odi almost lost grip of the dagger.  And while he tried his best not to allow it, his whole body was shaking feebly.
I cant die!
Panting, he stared at the wolf beneath his wet hair that covered his eyes.  
I cant die!
He was not the type to give up.  He gripped his dagger tightly, and he decided to win the battle whatever it took him to.  The blue wolf was sensing victory as it displayed its stained razor teeth again, taking meager yet menacing steps toward him.  
I cant die!
I am not going to die! Odi shouted at the wolf, although he felt his knees were about to give up.
The blue wolf took another step forward then stopped abruptly when another growl emanated from behind it.  Odis chest was about to explode when two green dots that belonged to an enormous black wolf joined the man and beast duel.  Odi saw the blue wolfs paws puffed out sharp nails when it faced the black wolf.  The wolves stared at each other in low growls.  Odi could not understand their communication, but he was thinking that the wolves were compromising on which of his body was each share.
The communication turned into banters of gutturals.  Odi understood that the game had changed when the wolves lunged into each other.  His frail body was indeed trembling, yet he felt the earth beneath his feet quaver when the two giant dogs wrestled.  He had no intention of interfering, so he took refuge up a tree just beside the battling wolves.  He watched from above how powerful the wolves paws and teeth were.  The darkness of the night deterred him to see blood spewing from the wolves bodies.  He marveled at the giant wild dogs heavy pounces, and deep growls.  Odis eyes broadened in awe when the black wolf shoved the blue wolf throwing the latter in a supine lying position.  And as swift as lightning, the black wolf ripped its opponents neck that caused the blue wolfs sudden death.  Blood started to stain its white neck, its mouth gaping lifeless.  
There was no other sound except for the descent of the waterfall that continued on to the flow of the river.  The black wolf raised its green eyes on the top of the tree.  Odi stared back not knowing whether to really trust it or to thank it for saving him.  Neither one of them broke the locked stare for seconds which seemed to be like a game of surviving the silence and distance.  Odi studied those green eyes.  Those were the same dots that spied him behind the bushes and the trees.  Was the wolf looking after him?  Did it have the genuine intention of saving him from the vicious blue wolf?  Then Odis thoughts turned the other way around.  Or was the wolf trying to build his trust just so he could fall as its prey in the end?  
In his mind, Odi declared himself as the winner of the game when the wolf looked down, and left the hill.  The moon lit the wolfs way until the giant dog was lost in the dense forest.  Odi did not want to admit that he was scared; he thought he was just being cautious.  He had mistaken the descent of the waterfall as the rustle of the bushes on the foot of the hill.  He waited for the sound to disappear then finally realized that it was safe to go home.  He descended the tree, and brandished his dagger at the dead body of the blue wolf.  It smelled awful with its own blood.  
Does it taste good?
He looked around for the black wolf to spring to life again.  He fell on his knees, and chopped the wolfs forelegs.  He did not have his knapsack where he could carry his hunted meal, so he carried the forelegs on his left shoulder.  He stood up, weighing the legs on his thin body.  He decided to get the wolfs liver and some belly meat.  He secured his raw meals by tying twigs round them.  He looked at the pillars which secured the pink flame that was once there.
Ill be back tomorrow.
And then he set off for home.
On his way, the nocturnal creatures sounded like they celebrated his victory.  The cacophony of various sounds put a smile on Odis face.  He grinned at the squirrel which was out of his reach, perching on a tree staring back at him.
Look what Ive got, he bragged as if the squirrel could read his mind.
He sighed in relief when he saw a glow after a short trek.  Before he knew it, he was standing at the fire he built which was blazing in front of his primitive house.  He threw the legs and belly meat into a pot of boiling water.  Then he plucked the fur from the legs and belly, skewered them with the liver, and roasted them.  He wondered how a wolf tasted.  The boulder in front of the fire was his waiting seat.  He still could not believe that about an hour ago, he battled with three wolves.  He pinched a small skin on his arm.
Ouch!  He felt glad to be alive.
He took some garnishing leaves in his pantry.  He paused at his drawing of his parents on the cave wall.  He thought if they were around, he wouldve told them every detail how he killed three wolves  well, two, he finally admitted.  He picked up his charcoal pencil and positioned it beside the two circles.  He drew a replica of the wolf that saved him, shading the entire body in black.  He stared at it, thinking why it saved him from the blue wolf that almost took his life.  Its intention could have been feasting on Odi all by itself without any plan of sharing him to the rest of the pack.  Or, the black wolf could be an outcast.  Whatever was in the mind of the wolf, Odi was forever grateful.
He checked to see if his meal was about to cook when the leaves rustled to his right.  Odi knew what caused them when two green dots revealed their true total form.  He slowly took his dagger which was always tucked in his belt.  He was not sure whether to initiate the attack.  The same black wolf that saved him from the sinister blue wolf made careful steps toward him.  Odi held his breath, and gripped his dagger.  He could not decipher the stare of the wolf.  He was trying to get into its mind whether it was making a dramatic pause for a final attack, or it was trying to tell him something.  He did not expect what happened next when the wolf slumped on the ground, the mist of dust momentarily suspended a few inches from the earth. Odi noticed a dark stain continuously thickening on the wolfs shoulder.  The wolf was breathing rapidly, its eyes were as gloomy as an ailing childs.  Odi hesitated until he risked trusting his instincts.  He ran to the cave, and grabbed what he thought were essential to him at the moment.  He quickly paced outside and found the wolf still lying on its side like it had been sleeping the whole time.  He sterilized his dagger, a small piece of clean cloth, and some leaves.  He carefully cleaned the blood-stained shoulder of the wolf with the cloth.  The wolf abruptly moved that Odi almost stepped on the fire behind him.  
Easy, easy, boy.  I know it hurts. 
He cleaned the wolfs shoulder until the giant dog tranquilized although Odi could feel some slight flinches on his patients body.  After cleaning the wolfs coat, Odi was able to determine where the blood was coming from.  There was a deep cut in between the wolfs shoulder and neck.  He placed the sterilized medicinal plant on the wound.  The wolfs muscle relaxed.  Odi slumped on the ground, his eyes on the resting wolf.
Youll be feeling fine soon.
The wolf blinked, trying to move its head to acknowledge Odi.  The smell was awful yet tolerable but Odi could tell it was not good.  He jumped to his feet when he realized that his dinner was burnt.  He removed the skewer from the fire, and was disappointed to see the legs had burned badly, except for some small patches. 
He pinched a piece of meat from the leg, and offered it to the black wolfs nozzle.  The wolf grunted, and looked away.  It sensed that Odi was offering a meat of its kin.  Odi realized that the wolf had no intention of being cannibal at that moment.  
Oh!  Wait here, Odi said after realizing his mistake.
He went back to his cave, and came back with what seemed to be a leftover from yesterdays dinner.  He brandished it to the wolfs nose.
Its a rabbit, definitely not your kind.
The black wolf sniffed at the cooked rabbit leg, and took a bite.  Odi immediately retrieved his hand when the wolfs sharp teeth slightly scratched his fingers.  The wolf took the effort to sit up, as it enjoyed its meager meal while Odi ate his on the other side of the fire, still wary that the wolf might attack him when it gained some strength.  He assessed the wolfs meat did not taste good.  He took the effort to hide a grimace after glancing at the wolf in front of him.  The wolf took everything it could chew until there was no trace of the cooked rabbit leg.  Odi gaped, and he was worried that he had nothing to offer anymore.  He definitely did not want to offer himself.
No, no, no!
I have nothing else. His voice was an authoritative hush when the wolf quietly stared at him.
He waited for the wolf to stand on all four, and pounce on him.  He thought this night was the most eventful during his stay in the forest.  The black wolf exhibited its pink tongue and gaped wide that it closed its eyes momentarily.  Odi gawked at the wide open jaw and the sharp teeth, and he swore he would be torn into pieces if he was not fast enough to run for his life.  Apparently, the wolf yawned, and lay on its side.  Odi momentarily sat in silence, staring at the lying wolf, the cooked leg still in his hands.
Thank you.
The wolf might have understood him for it looked up at him and laid its head on the ground again.  It must have been exhausted from the fight, hurt from his wound, and still famished.  All these factors might have contributed to its lackluster strength which was completely opposite from what Odi witnessed a few moments ago.
Youve been following me.  I dont know why; but I can be your friend.
The wolf looked at him with weary eyes.
Im Odi by the way.  It would be impolite of me to talk to you without calling your name.
Odi thought for a while, studying the wolfs rich black fur.
I shall call you, Shadow.  How about that?  And then he grinned.  He liked it.



Part 2  Friends and Revelations
Chapter 4
Santi

Santi remained quiet the moment he woke up until he got to school.  It seemed surreal to him that he had lost his lisp when Tiago invaded his bedroom.  He recalled the short afternoon he had with Tiago.  It was brief indeed but he thought it was one of the best times of his life.  After staying in his shell, he found joy in mingling with other people.  He somehow started to gain some confidence in socializing with other people of his age.  
Tiago was different from the people around Santi.  He looked around from his seat, and quietly watched his overconfident classmates joking, bashing, punching, laughing.  These boys had no mercy on any weakling especially on those who had any physical or emotional defect.  Santi was a favorite target which was why he tried to stay under the radar as much as possible.  
Was it just a dream that his lisp vanished?  As a matter of fact, he did not test his speech the moment he woke up.  He was afraid that it was just a dream.  He thought of trying his letter s again while his classmates were busy ignoring him.  His mouth did an abrupt close when the Literature teacher, Miss Reina, arrived.
He heard from one of his classmates that Miss Reina was leaving in a month to give birth.  From the bulge of her belly, he could tell the baby wished to be emancipated soon.  The whole class stood up to greet Miss Reina in chorus.  She greeted back, and signaled them to take their seats.
You might be wondering why we are in the computer lab today, Miss Reina said, hanging the suspense in mid air, enjoying the inquisitive looks on her students.  
The students looked over the monitor to get a clear view of their petite teacher carrying a heavy load of life in her protruding tummy.
Yesterday, we discussed the short selection, The Predicament of Juan Pancho.  Who can give me a summary of what the story is about?  Anyone?
Santi could barely remember what the story was.  He hoped he would not be called.  He was relieved when the brightest in the class summarized the story.  He gave his full attention for Miss Reina might give a surprise quiz.  She was fond of giving surprise quizzes, and he had not yet impressed his pregnant teacher, thus, his scores were normally at the thin line of passing or failing.  
Yes, Martin, Miss Reina said, beaming that someone had volunteered to recite.
A bespectacled skinny boy stood up and told a minute-worth of summary of a boy named Juan Pancho who got involved in a petty heist that had gone wrong.  Santi was thankful that their class had Martin who was their class salvation.  If it werent for him, majority of the class would fail the recitation and quizzes.  
Very good, Martin, Miss Reina said, smiling at the beaming student.  Well then, since you have refreshed your memory about the short selection, as a major seatwork, you are going to create a different ending to the story.  Do you think his plan could have been successful?  Or could he have changed for the better?  This will test your critical thinking as well as your creativity.  So heres what you are going to do.  Write your preferred ending in a story format on your computer, and Martin will go around before the end of the class to save your story in my USB. She showed a small black USB to the class.  Now heres another instruction.  Do not write your real name in the By line.  Think of a pseudonym and write it in your By line.
Suppressed excitement arose in the computer laboratory.  Santi thinned his eyes at nothing in particular; his mind wondered beyond the four walls, thinking that he could find an interesting pseudonym somewhere.
I will be passing a sheet of paper.  Please write your real name and beside it your pseudonym so that I can record your score.  I will not be able to know who is who until the announcement of the winners.
Winners? whispered most of the students as their heads turned left to right inquisitively.
Winners will be judged on the quality of work and its coherence to the story.  If your work wins third place, you get seven bonus points in the exam.
Santi shared the same excitement with his classmates who were whispering to their seatmates.  
If your work wins second place, you get ten bonus points in the exam.
Ten points, bro, ten points, excitedly whispered the boy in front of Santi.
Miss Reina paused for excitement.  
And the winner of first place will get to earn 
The students held their breaths as they waited for their teacher to complete the sentence.
Twenty points.
The students gasped, and whispered to their seatmates excitedly, tapping each others shoulders.
Twenty points!  
That is huge!, Santi thought dreamily.  His thoughts were beyond the four walls of the computer laboratory as his mind wandered out the hall, out the school ground, that his classmates were waving at him, patting his shoulder, as if they looked up to him, like he had suddenly earned their respect.
Hey there, smart guy!  Good job with the twenty points, said the boys who usually bullied him after class.  He saw in his mind that he smiled at them too.  That bittersweet smile.  And then he heard inquisitive voices saying how, why, how come?  Santi answered each and every one of them in his thoughts and in a flash like his mind had the power to communicate effectively.
Santi! his classmates called out to him.
He smiled and waved back at them.
Santi!  his other classmates called out louder.
His grin broadened.
Santi!
He snapped back from his dream to dreadful reality, and found himself in front of a computer in the computer lab.  His cheeks flustered when all eyes were on him.  The grin of his classmates was devious.
Santi! 
He craned his neck as a response to Miss Reina calling.  He swallowed hard.  His classmates were snickering in their seats.
Did you get my question?
His face was completely blank.
What question?  How?  Why?  How come?  What question?
Uhm Mi  maam?
His classmates tried their very best to suppress their laughter.  They buried their red faces in their hands, bending on the keyboard.
Miss Reina sighed, trying her best to be as patient as she could.  She was well aware that his classmates were making fun of his lisp, and her sympathy went to him.  However when she defended him in front of the class, she noticed Santi avoiding her like he did not need her help at all.
My question, Santi, was, do you think the additional twenty points would be more than enough?
I have to respond, his thoughts rushed.  He bit his tongue and nodded, his eyes glued on Miss Reina.
Altogether, heads turned toward the teacher.  The pregnant teacher rubbed the bottom of her protruding belly.
Is that the proper way to respond to a question, Santi?  Let me ask you again. She paused.  Then her voice was low.  Do you think the additional twenty points would be more than enough?  Respond properly, young man.
Altogether, heads turned toward him.  Santi panicked.  Was his lisp really gone?  Could be?  Tiagos intrusion which eventually turned into a blessing was definitely not a dream.  Or was it?  
Respond, Santi!  Or is it, rethpond, Thanti?
Miss Reina raised her eyebrows, signaling him to respond immediately.  He sat up, cleared his throat, and responded, Yeth, Mith Reina.
The class erupted in tumultuous laughter.
*****
Santi crushed the pen in his fingers as he aimlessly slid the ballpoint on a notebook.  His fist clenched on his desk.  He looked over his shoulder, and glanced at the closed window of his bedroom.  His eyes studied the digital clock on his desk.  It was a minute shy from 3 PM.  His chest heaved.  He tapped his pen on his desk, trying to absorb his homework.  His chest throbbed when the clock turned 3 PM.  He turned his head in response to three quick knocks on his window.  He could only see Tiagos eyes just above the window ledge.  Tiago waved his hand, and Santi quickly slid open the window.  
Tiago jumped inside.  Santi noticed that Tiago wore the same clothes that he had worn the first time they met  shabby loose off-white long-sleeved shirt, brown trousers, and a pair of worn out black slippers.  Tiagos lips stretched to his right ear, which was his signature smile  cunning yet intriguing.
Did I make it on time? Tiago asked, his hands on his undernourished waist.
Santi swallowed.
Yesss.  Santis eyes broadened in surprise.
Tiago smiled, nodding his head.
Sssso, ssshall we sssstart the practicssse? Santi asked timidly.
Yes, we shall, Tiago replied matter of factly.
Let ussss begin then.
Tiago folded his arms on his chest, furrowing his eyebrows down on Santi.
Are we going through this again?
Santi sighed.  He put his hands in his pockets, and then he took them out, and then he scratched his nape, and then he fumbled at his own fingers.
Let me ask you something, Santi asked trying to find the right words.  Are you a witch?
Tiago snorted, his arms still folded on his chest.
What?
Sssshhh!  Yaya might hear you, Santi said, worriedly turning his head on the door, and he closed the window upon realizing that he had left it open again.
Why the accusation?
Santi bit his tongue as his mind wandered back to the uproar in the computer laboratory.
Nothing, he resigned, shaking his head but Tiago was not convinced.
Tell me.
Santi looked around his room.
I suggest we start the practice.  Time is gold.  By the way, heres your sandwich and your mango juice.
Tiagos feet scrambled towards the desk, and shoved the tuna and egg sandwich into his mouth.  Santi shook his head at the sudden loss of Tiagos etiquette, and took the book of poems that lay on his bed.
I have chosen a poem.  But I may still change my mind because Im looking at another one.
Goog.  Warck ih d kaykl? Tiago took another bite without completely grinding the first.
Would you please observe some good manners? Santi said, sounding genuinely irritated.  Why dont I teach you proper table manners as my service to you?  You dont need to pay me.
Tiago shook his head, licking the debris in between his teeth.
I dont need that.  So what have you chosen? He nodded at the book of poems.
Its not yet final.  Im still open to changes.  The last poem that we read yesterday.
I want to hear it, Tiago laconically said as he downed his glass of juice.
Santi stood with his feet apart, shook his shoulders and his hands.  He craned his neck from left to right.
If I leave, please do not forget the special bond.  Clinging, clasping; however, gasping  
Wait, wait, wait. Tiago stood up, his palms parallel in midair.  You are just reading the poem as if you are catching a train, my friend.
Though Santi was being corrected of his flaw, he somehow felt so light and blithe upon hearing Tiago say my friend.
The punctuation marks are not just placed there for aesthetics.  They have an important function that would make up the meaning of the poem, get that?
Santi nodded.  They sat side by side on the bed as Tiago modeled for his mentee.
Clinging  pause.
Clinging, Santi mimicked the stop, his eyes staring at Tiago for approval.
Clasping. Tiago showed his palm to signal Santi to pause again.
Clasping. Santi also raised his palm that made them laugh.
Santi lightly punched Tiagos shoulder.  Tiago did the same until they were exchanging light jabs, their laughter echoing in the room.  They abruptly stopped when they heard quick knocks on the door.
Tiago automatically hid behind the bed.  Santi checked the window if he indeed closed it.  Then he marched towards the door, and smiled at his nanny.
Yaya?
Her eyebrows furrowed when she glanced over his shoulder and back at him.  
I thought I heard some peculiar noise.
Role play.  For tomorrow.  
But I thought your play is for today?
Santi could not recall anymore of the alibi he made yesterday.
Wrong day.  For tomorrow.
Yaya nodded her head slowly, she seemed to be unconvinced.
Whats your role?
Santis chin quivered as his mind quickly groped for an appropriate answer.
Mad man.
Yaya nodded again.
If you need anything just let me know.  Ill be in the kitchen.
Thank you, Yaya.
He made sure that his yaya was treading the stairs when he closed the door.  He looked over his shoulder and found Tiagos eyes above the bed.
Clear?
Yes.
They both sat on either side of the bed.  Tiago took the book in his hand, threw it back on the bed, and lay on the bed like it was his own.  
How come I dont see your parents knocking on the door?
Theyre very busy with work.
Tiago nodded, looking around at the completely furnished bedroom.
Very typical for families who have everything.  What do they do?
Everything?  Thats what they think, Santi thought but decided not to argue about it anymore.
My father is a child therapist and my mother is a surgeon.
I see, Tiago laconically replied that one would think that he had no idea what those professions were, or he was not really interested at all.
How about your parents?  What do they do? Santi threw back the question.
My father is a jeepney driver and my mother is jobless.
Oh, Santi said not sure how to respond properly.  Do you have brothers and sisters?
Oh yeah!  Loads of them! Tiago said like he was overwhelmed with his own answer.
Really? Santi grew interested.  He was thinking of like ten siblings.  He could not imagine how they could all fit in a small dining table.  How many? He finally asked.
I have two older sisters.
Santi sat silent, dumbfounded.
Yeah!  Thats loads of them.
And seven cats.  Theyre my brothers and sisters too.
Santi grimaced.
Theyre pets, he corrected.
Siblings, Tiago insisted. 
I guess its fun being with a huge family.
Tiago shrugged his shoulders.
Sometimes.  But when the cats get too noisy while my sisters sing those divas songs, my ears bleed.
Santi chuckled.
Thats why I get out of the house and hang out with my friends.
What do you and your friends do?
Sometimes we play football in an abandoned lot close to my home.  After the game I stay at home and sleep.
Lucky for you, you dont go to school.
Well, yeah, I am.  It gets boring sometimes though.  Thats why I wander around until I got here.
Santi nodded.
You should meet my friends, Tiago said.  Theyre a bunch of fun people.  How are your friends like?
Santis heart sank.  He was about to describe his only friend who left.  
I dont have any friends, he replied, his soft tone sounded embarrassed.
Seriously?  What about the kids in your school?
My classmates think Im weird because of my lisp.
Tiago snorted, rolling his eyes.
No, youre not weird.  Youre just in a wrong crowd.
Santi looked at Tiago.  His eyes filled with enthusiasm.  It was his first time to hear that he was not socially handicap.  He thought that what Tiago said could be true.  Perhaps his classmates were not that mature to accept that he had a lisp.
Come on.  Lets start with the practice, shall we? Tiago said as he took the book, and flipped it to the page of Santis chosen poem.  From the top.


Chapter 5
Cielo

 So how did yesterday go? Miss Judith asked as she came out of her office.  
Cielo noticed the sarcasm in Miss Judiths smile, but she dismissed it.  She couldnt wait to explode a surprising bomb of response to her supervisors face.
I am glad to say that it went well.  He is a good storyteller.  I can imagine how interested his students were when he lectured.
Miss Judith broadened her eyes in surprise, and this time smiled in genuine delight.
Thats good to hear.
Cielo grinned, and inside she felt victorious.
Well, congratulations.  He might be waiting for you.
Cielo nodded and walked to the garden.  This time she walked with ease.  There she found her patient on the same bench, in his usual smart fashion sense.  
Good morning, Professor Fabie.
The bespectacled retired professor looked up at her, his cup of tea leveled with his mouth.  
Good morning, Cielo.
This was the first instance he had greeted her back with her name  and blithely.  She sat beside him and asked, How was your afternoon, Professor?
I had this useless session with the institutions resident psychologist.  Shes not of a big help.
Cielo was afraid this would trigger his old self again.  
Professor, I definitely enjoyed your story yesterday, she said, hoping this would be a good segue.  
Do you want to hear the continuation of it?
Yes, Professor, she replied genuinely.


Chapter 6
Odi

Odi woke up startled when he found the rocks on the mouth of the cave scattered on the ground.  He looked around his tiny nook, but nothing was taken away.  He crawled out, and made fire like he had mastered this activity for years.
The night was quiet except for the sounds of nocturnal animals.  The muscle sore close to his right shoulder reminded him of the eventful night he had.  He knew he passed the first test.  
He ate his first meal for the day, the leftover wolf meat.  He shoved the food to his mouth like there was no tomorrow.  Then he set off for the hill beside the waterfall.  On his way, he leered at the trees to his left.  Two green dots walked parallel to him.  He smiled.
Shadow, he whispered.  
The green dots skipped as they followed him.  Odi and Shadow climbed the hill together.  There suspended in midair, Mit-hi levitated inside the rock pillars.
And here you are with a friend.
Odi glanced at Shadow to his right who stood on all four but was just a foot shorter than him.  He also noticed that the blood between the wolfs neck and chest somehow dried, and it looked healed too.  Shadows eyes on the pink flame looked uncompromising yet Odi felt benevolence and loyalty in the wolfs aura.  After what had happened the night before, he laid his full trust on the wolf with green eyes.
I baptized him Shadow, replied Odi with an air of utter pride.  He helped me fight its kind last night which I believe is my first test.  Then he stopped abruptly and felt a pinch in his heart.  He realized if the battle against the three wolves was his first of three tests, and Shadow came to rescue him, would his  and Shadows  victory be forfeited since he did not fight his atrocious opponents alone?  His mind catapulted with thoughts on how to appropriately fill the brief silence, afraid that that this would give Mit-hi an idea to fail him on the first step.  His chin quivered, groping for something to say.
Yes, Mit-hi said, and though it was just a flame, Odi could see  or imagine  that it was nodding its head.  I did witness it in my lair.  You defeated your opponents.  Accolades to you and your friend for winning the battle.  Then Mit-hi paused.  Odi felt a lump in his throat, and his gaze on the pink flame did not falter.  It was not clear to him if he indeed passed the first task.  He was overanalyzing the statement: Accolades to you and your friend for winning the battle.  However, if he was going to evaluate the pause, the pitch, and the tone on the last word that Mit-hi verbalized, it sounded like the pink flame was going to continue it with a but.  Instead, he heard a chuckle emanating within the rock pillars.
There, there.  Arent you going to rejoice for learning that you have passed the first test?
Odi felt like he was going to, paradoxically speaking, faint in relief.  His muscles loosened up, and gave out a chuckle too.  He shook his head with a wide grin.  His head finally settled to his right, and he gently brushed the nape of his new friend.  He owed his first victory to Shadow.  The wolf remained composed.  Its facial muscles did not move except for its eyes blinking upon Odis tender touch.
I am extremely happy, Odi finally said.
Very well.  Are you ready for your next task?
I am, Odi said, brimming with confidence.  He was more focused this time.  The splash of the waterfall beside the hill failed to distract him this time.
Shield the crimson elixir from airborne leeches; vermin to every mortal soul.  Raise your torch whilst the approaching screeches; mutilate the sinister kites is your goal.
And just like the night before, Mit-hi vanished before Odi could notice.  His glance glued on the waterfall like he could find the answer there.  He furtively looked over his shoulder, anticipating an imminent attack.  Odi thought Mit-hi was smarter than that.  The pink flame might have thought of another way to introduce the second test.  
Lets go, Shadow, he said as they went to the base of the hill.  Odi slowed down his tracks once in a while, however, he found himself and Shadow the only mobile creatures that night.  Despite the evident tranquility in the woods, his arm sometimes flexed to his waist where his dagger was securely tucked in.
When they got to the base of the hill, Odi sat on one of the boulders in the bank, thinking that the second test would take place in the same vicinity.  Shadow settled on the damp grass beside the boulder as they watched the flowing river, waiting.  It felt like eternity, so Odi decided to strip off his clothes and wash them in the river.  Shadow turned its head to the opposite direction when Odi, stark naked, cleaned his clothes. 
Oh come on, Shadow.  Youre even close to being naked, Odi said, chuckling, as he laid his clothes to impossibly dry on the boulder.  Odi replanted his torch close to the boulder which could help in drying the clothes, or so he hoped.  Still naked, he sat beside Shadow, and leaned on its rich and warm shoulder.  It looked like he was indeed leaning on a backrest of a sofa.  They both stared at the sky dotted with stars that even formed shapes.
I still cant understand the riddle to the second test, yet Im confident that I  I mean, we  can win it again. He gave Shadow a friendly nudge, but the wolf remained quietly focused on the sky.  My mother used to say that you can identify your fate by reading the stars at night.  I dont know how because I am too young to understand, that was what she said.  And his voice cracked momentarily until he regained a strong timber.  Besides, I do not even know if Ill ever see my mother again so that she can tell me how to read the stars.  That is why I am working my hardest to pass all three tasks; so that I can see my mother and father again.  There, I already told you my wish.
Shadow focused its attention on the river.
Although I do not know how to read the stars, I can feel it.  I am going to see them again. He slapped a mosquito against his leg that made Shadow swiftly turn its head towards the sound.
I am going to pass all three tests, and I am going to do everything, Shadow, whatever it takes.  Yes, whatever it takes. He sighed, and continued studying the geometry of stars which he could not comprehend in the first place.
The sound of the waterfall and the river lullabied them, until they fell asleep, leaning against each other.  Yes, Odi was still naked; however, Shadows fur contributed heat to his small yet agile body.  He woke up when Shadow flinched.  He grabbed his dagger which he secured between his legs and the grass.
What is it, Shadow?
Shadow stood up, yawned, and shook its body as if to stretch his muscles.  Odi watched, while wearing his damp clothes, Shadow nibbling on the grass.
Come on, buddy.  Well look for something to eat back in the camp.
Odi was oblivious to the time that he spent napping on the riverbank.  On the way to his nook, he hunted down a chipmunk which served as his and Shadows meal for the day.  Throughout the hunting period, Shadow concealed himself beneath the bushes, leaving the hunting to Odi which he fully enjoyed.
They finally got to their campsite where Odi undressed the squirrel, and roasted it over the blazing fire.  Shadow, sitting close to the fireplace, could not take its eyes from the squirrel.  Odi smiled.
Patience, buddy.  Patience.  Well get to that soon. Then his eyes gazed on the glimmering roast.  
Shadow flinched towards a distance.  Odis eyebrows furrowed at the wolf, and looked over his shoulder.  There was nothing.  The sky was still dotted with stars, the trees did not rustle.  Odi looked at Shadow again, and the gaze of the wolf did not falter.  Odi looked back again, and studied the tranquil horizon.  Is there something that he could not see that could be just right before his eyes?  He was well aware that animals are more sensitive to even the tiniest shudder of Mother Nature.  He looked at the dark night quizzically when he heard a squeak which he thought was a monkey.  
Hmmm, how does a monkey taste like?
The illuminating dots in the velvet sky was substituted by a swarm of what looked like black flapping kites.  Odis jaw dropped when the squeaks grew louder.  Shadow growled at the approaching kites.  Odi quickly bent to get his torch and dipped it in the camp fire.  Shadow barked and jumped into the air when Odi turned to be faced with what looked like to be hundreds of bats.  The bats flapped their leathery wings against him and Shadow.  Odi flung his torch from right to left to right and back and forth.  There were some bats that dropped on the floor, either their expansive wings or their brown bellies were caught up with fire as they squeaked in pain.  Amidst the screeching noise, Odi could hear Shadow growling and barking.  He found the wolf pacing back and forth to the woods as bats pestered its ears, its legs, its body.  Securing himself from the nocturnal beasts, he wildly flailed his arms against his attackers  his right hand held the torch and the left held his dagger.  The screeching cries tortured his eardrums and so was Shadows incessant barking who was also defending its own dear life.  
SHADOW! Odi still could not hear his voice.  SHADOW! He flailed his arms with more vigor that knocked down triple the number of bats compared to his first set of blows.  The dwindling number of bats helped him pace for Shadow who was now crouching in pain, and tried to find scant chances of pounding its attackers.  Odi was already losing his strength but he managed to stab at bellies, wings, and faces, and emblazed more and more leathery wings.  The screeching subsided when the air was clear.  Odi shuddered at the trembling vampires, squeaking in pain.  He thought how morbid it was to torch each of them to death, but he had to accomplish a massacre.  He dipped his extremely alive torch on each flinching bat until he seemed to be treading the grounds of hell.  He nudged Shadow to the cave.  The wolf was limping, and Odi wished that he could carry the massive creature in his bony arms.  He moved back a step when he found a couple of bats hovering in his nook.
GET OUT OF MY HOUSE! He bellowed as he flailed his torch one last time, and the two bats were finally put to rest.  He kicked them out of the cave, and escorted Shadow inside.  The wolf slumped on the ground which was supposed to be Odis bed.  
Stay right here, Ill be right back.  Dont go anywhere, please, Odi said, rubbing Shadows back which was dotted with wounds.  He left the torch inside, and quickly yet carefully assembled the rocks to close the mouth of the cave.  He replaced the roasting chipmunk with a pot of water.  He snatched another torch from the bon fire and harvested plants in the woods just a few meters from the cave.  He wiped his dry mouth and tasted blood.  He glanced at his scarlet-smeared arm, and he was not sure whether it came from his mouth or from his arm.  Either way, it did not taste good.  Then he was bumped by a thought.  After that strenuous physical battle, could that be his blood, or the bats?  He spat two times until he made himself believe that the blood was completely washed out from his tongue.  
He went back to the camp, and the pot of water was close to its boiling point.  He waited for what seemed like eternity until he snatched the pot from the bonfire.  He removed the rocks from the mouth of the cave, and found Shadow still lying on the ground.  It flicked its ears when Odi came inside.
Its me, buddy.
Odi knelt down to soak the cleanest cloth that he could find in the pot with boiled water.  He initially retrieved his hands when he soaked them into the pot like he had no idea how scalding hot it was. He cautiously wrung the water out of the cloth and damped it on the wounds of Shadow which were noticeable amidst its rich dark fur.  Shadow flinched in pain and growled.  It looked like it wanted to tear off Odis hand, but it was fully aware that Odi meant well.
Easy, boy.  This wont take long. He said this over and over until Shadow was immune by the searing pain as it laid its head on its fore paws.  Odi found it quite hard to spot some of Shadows wounds because of its thick fur.  There were times that he brushed Shadows fur like he was brushing a furry carpet, searching for other potential unwashed wounds.  He tampered the washed wounds with the medicinal plant he harvested in the woods.  Odi looked at Shadow afterwards and snorted.  
Shadow, you look like a wolf god of the woods. He slapped his leg, laughing, rubbing Shadows head.  On the other hand, Shadow had no plans of retaliating.  It grunted, remaining its head on its fore paws.  
Now it was Odis turn to treat his own wounds which seemed to dry on his skin.  He found another clean cloth sitting on his makeshift pantry, and soaked it in the lukewarm water.  He repeated the healing process on his own skin.  And after tampering the medicinal leaves on his wounds, Shadow raised its head, staring at him, and grunted.
Well, I look like a prince of the woods, Odi said to Shadow and laughed.
Shadow stuck out its tongue and managed a grin.  Odi rubbed Shadows head again.  He took his charcoal, and drew three bats with spread wings on the wall right beside his drawing of the black wolf.  He stared at his clumsy yet comprehensible illustrations.  His heart skipped faster.  One more and he would see his parents again.


Chapter 7
Cielo

The new tandem of Amadeus Rizals Home for the Aged spent the morning on their favorite bench in front of the fountain.  Professor Fabie was sipping what seemed to be his second cup of coffee, while Cielo joined his rage as she drank a can of soda.  
It was a pleasant morning to bathe in the sun in the well maintained garden.  Though the sun was at its peak, the cool breeze blew against the trees and the residents and interns hair.  At one point, Cielo wished that she was drinking a cup of coffee; but the soda was cold enough to chill her spine a bit.  She glanced at two interns each pushing a wheelchair.  Three pairs of residents, all male, found their spots in the garden as they dueled in the game of chess.  A woman was reading alone in a corner while a group of five eager readers shared their favorite book to one another, mostly quoting their favorite lines from their favorite book.  Two gray-haired women silently stared at the horizon beyond them.  A couple of interns stood by serving as watchers.  Indeed, almost everyone was outside for it was a lovely morning with a pleasant weather.  Professor Fabie did not continue his story yet as he was enjoying his coffee in interval pauses.  
Professor, I hope you dont mind me asking.  What was it like to be a teacher?
Professor Fabie rested his cup on the saucer on his lap and smiled dreamily.
It is the most noble profession, it is.  As a teacher, not only did I feed knowledge to my students, I inspired them to aspire and to achieve.
Cielo nodded.  
How were your students?  I mean when you were teaching?
Professor Fabie cleared his throat and sat up straight as if he was being interviewed in a documentary.
Well there is no perfect class.  There were some students who listened and even left the classroom last just for a chat about the lesson, while some came to class to merely complete a requirement.
Cielo quickly recalled how she was when she was a student.  As a matter of fact, she was a good student.  She was well-behaved and was never a troublesome.  She always came to class with her homework done and always prepared for exams.  There were instances when she dominated recitations.  She wondered how she had become.
I taught my students by bringing them to a different world since my subject of expertise is Astronomy.  Have you ever been interested in what you can see outside of our planet?
Cielo shrugged her shoulders.
The planets  if there are aliens.  Are aliens real? Her eyes finally glistened in enthusiasm.
Professor Fabie chuckled.
What do you think?
I guess they are.  I have read some articles that there were pieces of evidence in some parts of the world.  These pieces of evidence could be the ancient structures such as the pyramids in Egypt, and the Stonehenge in England.  I mean, how can humans build perfect structures with massive boulders?  There must be some kind of extraterrestrial intervention.
So are you saying that humans are not capable of building such mega structures?  You seem to be underestimating the power of humans, young lady, Professor Fabie said smiling like he was challenging his student.
I do not underestimate humans, Professor.  In fact, we humans are extremely intelligent beings.  Just look at the technology around us.  In my opinion though we are cognitive beings that we can think of modern developments.  However, in terms of physical attributes and speaking of the pyramids and the Stonehenge, especially the pyramids, it takes more than millions of slaves to build it in hundreds of years.  But the pyramids were perfect.  Humans cannot create perfection.  Even high end gadgets and computer software have limitations that their inventors could not solve.  I believe in the existence of aliens.
The existence of aliens is and will always be a mystery.  Since you mentioned that humans are cognitive beings, there are some studies postulating that humans create these aliens in their mind and they want to believe in them.
 Well Professor, by saying that I hope I do not allow myself to hallucinate because I believe in extraterrestrial beings
Professor Fabie spat his coffee and laughed.  Cielo jerked from her seat and worriedly looked at his well-tailored coat if it was stained with his coffee spit.  She was glad it was spotless clean; or she really could not see them in the naked eye, she later thought.  Some residents close by took a quick glance and went on with their own business.  
If you were my student, I would give you a perfect one in your final grade.
Cielo smiled.
How I wished you were my science teacher.
Did you finish college?
Yes, Professor.  Education major in Literature.
Oh!  What do you know?  We are comrades.
They chuckled when Professor Fabie lightly jabbed her shoulder.  
How come you dont teach?  Why are you here spending time with old people who are waiting for the Death Angel to arrive?
Without Professor Fabies awareness, Cielo noticed an old woman close to them frowning at him.  She mustve been offended with the professors tactless remark.
I dont think I can support myself with a teachers salary, she replied softly.
Nonsense.  I was able to travel around the world with my salary as a teacher.  And you think you can support yourself with your salary here?
Cielo saw the flushed cheeks of the two interns who served as watchers.
Is this your first job?
No, Professor.  As a matter of fact, I have had three different jobs including this one in a year.
I did teach in three different schools in a year when I was a starting college professor.  But I am talking about one profession.  What were your jobs prior to this?
As much as possible, Cielo did not want to dig into her past especially that it was not a sweet one at that.  But as respect for the moody professor, she was obliged to share a slice of her mundane life.
My first job was a saleswoman in an appliance store.  I lasted for three two months.  And I cant even believe until now that I lasted for more than a day.  It was the most dreadfully boring job.  I resigned when I got a job in a call center.  But the monotonous job, the graveyard schedule, and the unreasonably demanding callers made me quit after eight months.  I got to stay that long because I quite enjoyed it especially the pay allowed me to enjoy some bits of luxuries.
Professor Fabie nodded vigorously after taking a quick sip of his coffee.
Oh yes.  Some of my students worked in call centers after they graduated.  Some stayed in the industry while others opted to look for the profession they finished in college.
Cielo was momentarily lost in a trance, enjoying the moment recalling her hey days in such a young and dynamic environment.  
Although people in our market are aware where we are located, I had to change my name so they could easily remember it.
Really?  What was your name?
Sky.
Sky.  Direct translation of your real name.
Cielo nodded, smiling.  
Some of my former students visited me when they had the time a few months after they graduated and told me about their job in the call center.  They admitted they became heavy smokers.  I guess that was their way to deal with stress.  Are you a smoker?  But your lips are pink.
Cielos cheeks were scarlet warm.
I do not find any enjoyment in smoking.
Me too.  Id rather drink than smoke.
Cielo agreed although she was only an occasional drinker.
Some of them were in a credit card account, some handled technical issues.  What about you?
I was in a travel account.  I took care of their flight and hotel reservations.
Was it tough?
The job was easy although there were a lot of unreasonably demanding callers.  It was like they were born to be very miserable to people they talk to.
Professor Fabie nodded.
Thats what my students said too.
But I have to say there were very nice people too.  There were callers who were generous in giving compliments.  And you could even talk to some of the funniest people you have ever encountered.
Professor Fabie smiled.
That sounds amusing.  What was the funniest call that you received?
Cielo paused very briefly and chuckled.
There was one caller who was so fascinated with Japan.
Professor Fabie gasped in excitement.  Ive been there.  Such a beautiful country.
Cielo paused to smile as a gesture of respectful acknowledgment.
He called to confirm his flight reservation.  So I asked for his confirmation number which had five alphanumeric characters.
Right, right, Professor Fabie said, nodding, like he agreed based on his knowledge and experience.
Each letter corresponded with the first letter of a place in Japan.  So he went like K as in Kyoto, O as in Osaka, H as in Hiroshima, F as in Fukuoka, and T as in Toink?
They guffawed, slapping their knees.  The residents in the garden stopped their own business, and turned to the laughing pair.  Two or three frowned, and went back to their activities, raising an eyebrow.  Some were curious about what the pair was laughing about.  The two silent gray-haired women, however, did not move a muscle.  The two other interns, on the other hand, chuckled for they were eavesdropping.
T as in Toink, Professor Fabie echoed in sobbing laughter.  And that was the last complete sentence or phrase either of them muttered in a minute for they could not follow up the first word because of laughter.  
He forgot the most important city in Japan, Professor Fabie said in a broken voice as he wiped his tears.  And he did pause before saying Toink?
He did. And they guffawed once more.
How could he forget the dynamic city of Tokyo?  I like that story.  That is absolutely funny.
It is.
Have you had your own mishaps?  I mean, what you did?
Cielo looked up the sky with furrowed eyebrows.  Then her face lit up when she looked back at Professor Fabie who was indeed enjoying the conversation.
Yes, Professor.  I was just in my training period but it was our first day of taking live calls.  We were trained to ask the caller, Is there anything else I can help you with? before we end the call.  But we were also taught to say, Is there anything else I can do for you? if we found the first one to be a mouthful, although they would prefer that.
The first one?
Yes, Professor.  The first one. Cielo was glad that he was interested in her story.  So I received a call from a gentleman who wanted to confirm his flight.  So before the end of the call I was feeling dreadful again because I had to say that question.  So I decided to say the second one.  However, I was so nervous since it was like my second or third call in my call center career. She paused for suspense.  Do you know what I asked him?
What? asked the professor with anticipating big eyes behind the wide-rimmed reading glasses.
I said, Is there anything else I can do TO you?
Professor Fabie guffawed right on her face that she had to pretend like wiping her tears only to mop the dots of his saliva from her cheek.
Grammar mishap, he said as they both laughed once again.  So what did he say?  Goodness!  You were even talking to a man.
He just chuckled and he said kindly, Thats all.  And he even thanked me for my assistance.
Wow!  Thats classic.  If I have met you earlier, I would have shared that to my students.  Im sure they wouldve loved that story.
Cielo nodded, feeling a sense of pride.  Im sure they would have.
What did your parents say about you having three different jobs in a span of a year?
The conversation was headed to a serious turn but Cielo did not hold back.
They dont know.  I stowed away.
She was expecting him to be wide-eyed but he stared at her with expressionless eyes.
Why?  What happened?
I had a clash with my father.  He was disappointed when I did not make it in medical school.  I never even dreamed of being in the medical field.  He was not happy about spending for my college education with a degree that he did not want for me.  My mother was also not that happy about it but she somehow accepted the fact that I wont be a doctor.
Professor Fabie briefly studied her face quietly.
Tell me.  What do you really want to be?
Cielo stared at the spectrum of light that emanated from the droplets of water spouted by the fountain.  She was groping for the right answer that she could perhaps find from it.  
Honestly, Professor, I dont know.
Professor Fabie nodded quietly like Cielos response was not extraordinary.  
We all have our own dreams.  But once we achieve our dream, sometimes we are not even sure whether the quest is over or that is not actually what we are looking for.  It can be a fulfilling experience or a disappointment.
Cielo nodded sadly.
The truth is, we all get our dreams come true.  They may take some time and they come not as what we hope for, just close, Professor Fabie added.  When I was a student, I told myself that I will be an astronaut.  That has been my childhood dream.  Until now.  The world beyond our planet fascinates me.  The darkness, the silence, the treacherous and beautiful rocks.  They all pique my profound interest.
That sounds fascinating, Professor.
It does, yes, Professor said nodding feverishly that he had to fix his reading glasses on the bridge of his nose.  Well of course it did not come true, obviously. They shared a chuckle.  But I am a professor in the field of sciences.  My research studies deal with astronomy.  My favorite so far is the study of creating an atmospheric field around our planet against meteors.
Cielo furrowed her eyebrows in enthusiasm.
What was the result of your study?
Our astronomical engineers have considered it.  Yet it needs an ambitious budget.  But did you see what I am getting at, Cielo?
Yes, Professor.
You are still young.  I am sure along the way, your experience here may guide you in making you realize what you really want in your life.  Sometimes people realize what they really want just before they reach their death bed.
Cielo nodded still trying to look for answers in the spectrum of light.  Professor Fabie fidgeted towards her.
Say, why dont we go on an adventure?
Cielo studied the professors excited face, and was quite baffled at the professors sudden change of mood.  She wanted to ask, do you know what youre saying Professor?
Like what kind of adventure, Professor?
Professor Fabie looked around and spoke in a hushed voice.
During my first year in teaching in a university, I met this woman who worked as a school registrar in the same university where I first taught.  She was an amazing woman.  Not only was she beautiful inside and out, she was a good conversationalist.  A lot of women back then talked about showbiz gossips, fashion, and other trivial topics.  But she wanted to talk about how to save nature, how to fight the wars all around the world.  Whenever we talked, I was in complete bliss.
Cielo smiled and was awed to hear the initially grumpy professor also had an intimate relationship with a woman who he obviously could not forget for years.
May I know her name, Professor?
Annette Tinio.  Mrs. Annette Tinio.
Cielo nodded slowly, and wondered how Professor Fabie afforded to have an affair with a married woman.  Or so she thought as she had to listen to the whole story of what really happened.
We had a long term relationship.  After three years, I asked her to marry me but she said she had to take care of her seven siblings since her parents were long gone.  She was her siblings parent and she had to support them.
Im sorry to hear that.
Professor Fabie nodded sadly trying to smile.
So what happened after that, Professor?
She decided to work in her home province close to her siblings because she also had to take care of her youngest brother who had severe asthma.  The last I heard, she came back here to the city and worked as a secretary in another university and married a bank teller, the son of former Mayor Tinio, and they have children.
At least, she was clarified that Professor Fabie did not have an affair with a married woman.  Upon hearing the story, she did not know what to say.  Her jaw moved but no words came out of her mouth.  She finally breathed out without saying anything.  She felt extremely sorry for him.  This woman could be the reason why Professor Fabie did not care to meet other women, hence, he was alone in the home for the aged.
So heres what I want to do, Professor Fabie turned excited again but maintained a low voice.  We will sneak out of here one day, and she and I can still rekindle our relationship now that her husband is dead.  I know that she still loves me, she was just imprisoned by her responsibilities when we were young.  I know where she lives right now.  I have always known the moment she moved in back to the city thirty years ago.
Cielos jaw momentarily jerked voicelessly again.  She was trying to understand what this professor wanted to do.  But was he insane?  How could they sneak out of the home for the aged if it was surrounded by security guards and cameras?
You want both of you to meet again, Professor? And the way she said it was like are you absolutely sure?  As in really sure?
Yes, he replied with determination like there was nothing that could hold him back.  And I am asking a favor from you to come with me to break out of here just for one day.  I want to talk to her again badly.  And Im sure you would do the same thing for the man you you you love.  Professors voice staggered as if he didnt want to admit that he loved this woman extremely.  
Professor, cant I just let her visit you here one day?
No, no, no! Professor Fabie said indignantly, and Cielos cheeks flushed like she had done a criminal offense.  I dont want her to see me here.  She might think that Im miserable.
Cielo stared at him.  Perhaps he was miserable the first time she met him, and those were the difficult days.  But as she got to know him more, there was nothing to be sorry about him.  In fact at his age, she admired how interesting he could tell a story, and she compared him to her other professors who were extremely boring.  
Professor Fabie was like he was having a hard time expressing the last word.  All I ask is one day.  So can you please help me?
Cielo was not completely sure if her response was the right thing.  
I guess.
The creases on his face were pronounced positively as his lips drew to his ears.
Good.  Now whats the plan?
*****
Cielo had never been so tired after an extremely busy day.  There were endless paper works and that impossible mission with Professor Fabie.  She had not yet changed to her house clothes but she lay in bed like it was the best thing to do that moment.  A stubborn spring poking at her lower right hip did not bother her.  She lay on her bed, staring at her college diploma that was scattered on her unorganized desk like it was just another piece of paper.  
What do you really want to be, Cielo? she whispered to the air trapped in her dilapidated ceiling.  Come on.  Tell me.
She was hoping the air would whisper in her ear.  The honks of jeepneys and tricycles and random conversations of passers-by might be the answer, she thought.  Until she drifted into sleep without changing her clothes yet.



Part 3  Do It!
Chapter 8
Santi

Dont overthink, my friend.  From the top.
Santi cleared his throat and read from the beginning of the poem.  He struggled and then stammered in the middle, mispronouncing a word.  He sighed and threw the book on the bed beside Tiago.
I cant do it.  The competition is tomorrow.  But I cant do it.
Tiago licked peanut butter from his thumb.
Why?
Im nervous, Santi replied as he slumped on the chair across Tiago.
Thats a good thing.  Its fine to be nervous.  That means to say that youre human.
Santi raised an eyebrow.  Yeah.  That helps.
Seriously, everybody gets nervous especially when they do something for the first time. Tiago shifted as he raised his legs on the bed.  One way for you to lessen nervousness is to look at your audience as if they are naked.
What? Santi thought it was crazy yet he could not stop himself from flustering.
Naked.  Exactly.  They are watching and listening to you and they have nothing.  You you are fully clothed and you are someone because you have everything.
Santi quietly considered Tiagos theory.
Even if you make a mistake up there, remember that they have nothing but you still have everything.  Do you understand what Im saying, my friend?
Santi nodded although he hoped that he got Tiagos point.  
By the way, I reread the mechanics of the contest.  If you advance to the final level, which I pray hard you will, you are going to write a poem.  That is actually the easiest part.
Easy?  It took me days to write a poem when Miss Reina gave us that homework.
Think of what youre feeling at that particular moment you will be writing the poem, Tiago said.  If you are furious, write it.  If you are nervous, write it.  Tell a story, but you have to make it a song sans the musical arrangement.
Santi thought it was more complicated than reading a poem.  He shrugged his shoulders and said, Ill try.
Tiago slapped his thigh.
Dont try, my friend.  Do it!
Do it, Santi echoed at the back of his mind.  Then he stared at Tiago and he smiled.  Tiago was somehow uncomfortable.
What? he asked after taking a huge bite of his peanut butter sandwich.
Santi grinned.
I am just well I am thank you.
Tiago smiled and pushed his sandwich with a glass of apple juice in his throat.
Dont be embarrassed to say thank you.  And by the way, you are very welcome, and Tiago took another bite of his sandwich.
Santi smiled again.  At that moment, as if he did not feel any inhibitions of what he felt especially for his new found friend.
Since my best friend left, I have no one else to talk to.  They just shun away from me like I have a contagious incurable disease.
Tiago quietly listened with an emphatic smile  his lips drawn to his right ear only.  
But when you came, you are the first one in years who encouraged me to do something that I really want to do which I think is impossible.  And yet here you are, you believe in me.  You are willing to help me as a friend.  Again, I cant thank you enough for that.
Tiago nodded, grinning.
You just brought me back to life, Santi continued, I owe you that.  And I want to say that I love what I am feeling right now.  I feel so alive.  I feel so alive when I am with you.
Santi suddenly felt like he wanted to take back what he said but it was too late.  Tiago was equally surprised and he looked like he had a lump in his throat.
I mean Santi groped for the right words.  I didnt mean
Its its something else Tiago tried to help.
Something else.  Yes.  Not like
Yeah, yeah.  I err I
You know what Imean I
Yeah.  I get it
Good thats
They nodded looking away in awkward silence after their exchange of inhibited thoughts in low voices.  Tiago slapped his thighs to break the uncomfortable silence as he spoke in his usual theatrically helpful voice.
So, my friend, how are you going to tell your parents?
Santi held his breath when he realized another predicament.
Any suggestions?
Do you have anything in mind?
Santi shrugged his shoulders.
I was thinking that I will go to a classmates house because we have to do a group project.
At night?  The competition is at what time again?
It starts at six in the evening.
Tiago nodded after a thoughtful consideration.
Thats fine.  What kind of project?
Santi looked around for an answer.
Science project, I guess.
Thats fine.  But you would have to give a name.
Santi thought of one.
I can do that.
Or why not say about the school play?  That you have a part in the play.
Santi nodded and suddenly shook his head.
No, they will be compelled to watch it.  Or more of like dragged, he said rolling his eyes.  Or maybe Ill say that I have soccer practice.
Tiago furrowed his eyebrows.
Do you play?
Bench.
Just as I thought, Tiago said as he finished his glass of juice.  Santi looked at him indignantly as if he questioned his capability.
Listen.  Why dont you just tell the truth?
Tiago, you dont know my parents.  I know what they will say.  They will say that I should rather stay home and do my homework.
After saying that, Santi somehow lost hope.
I guess it doesnt hurt to tell them what you want to do.
Santi thought that Tiago had done so much for him.  Tiago always knew what to do and he had the confidence to do anything.  Santi wished he had the same confidence but he was having second thoughts on Tiagos suggestion of telling the truth.  
*****
Santi was not alone in the dining table for the first time after what seemed to be months.  His parents joined him for dinner.  As usual it was quite a silent dinner except for some occasional brief question and answer conversations.
Hows school? His mother asked.  She looked like she was obliged to ask that question but she was genuine though.  
Good, Santi replied without taking his eyes from his plate.
How about your grades? His father asked.  His father, however, clearly looked like a stern man like he always meant business even with his own family.
Theyre fine.
Santis limited answers did not bother them at all.  He was, however, tormented on how to tell his parents about the competition the following day.  He took a bite of the buttered shrimp, and decided to speak after grinding it to pieces.  He was quite surprised as to why his teeth did not function well that moment.  He opened his mouth to speak about the competition when the ungrinded shrimp blocked his air passageway.  He groped for air when he dropped his fork.
Santi?  Santi?  His mother stood up and ran towards him.
Santi, whats wrong? His father asked, equally alarmed, although he remained on his seat.
Hes choking, said his mother trying to remain calm although she was already pounding his back really hard.
Santi was turning blue and his mother became hysterical.  His yaya ran towards him.  She carried him with her arms around his waist as if she was pushing the air out from his stomach.  His vision was bouncing until he spat a whole shrimp on his fathers plate.  He looked at his fathers ghastly face in horror.
Dad, Im thorry.  Im thorry, he said, glad that the air was back in his lungs again.  But his fear of his father brought back his lisp.
His father did not answer right away for his eyes were on the spat shrimp on his plate.  Santi was sweating all of a sudden that his mother had to wipe his wet forehead with his table napkin.  He expected that his father would yell at him for his lack of table manners.
Didnt you cook the shrimp very well? He said in such a heavy voice as he looked at Santis yaya with piercing eyes.  You couldve killed my son.
Im sorry, Doc.  I did.  But Ill cook it again, Doc.  Im terribly sorry. 
Santi felt bad for his yaya whose hands were trembling when she took his fathers plate.  It wasnt his yayas fault.  In fact, she was a great cook.  He felt the need to tell his father the truth that it was not his yayas cooking that caused his impending death.  But he felt quite good when he heard his father say my son.  It felt like there was an intimate touch to it like it was the soft side of his father to say it.  But then time was running out.  He had to say his alibi, although he was not sure if this was the perfect time.
Dad, I will go to my clathmateth houth tomorrow night for a project, he said it quickly like he barely understood what he said.
His mother went back to her seat but did not resume eating until her husbands plate was replaced.
Project?
Itth a thienth project.
Science project? His father repeated to make sure he understood.  Santi nodded.
How long will you do it?  Can you and your classmate do it here instead? said his mother.
Santi swallowed hard.
Think, Santi!  Think!
The materialth are already thet up in hith houth.
Materials? His father asked, and helped himself for another set of shrimps when he was given a new plate.
Santi was lost for words.  
Tell your Kuya Ron to wait for you in your classmates house, his mother said.  But I want you home before six.
Six?  But thats when the competition starts.
Yeth, Mom.
And I will call your Kuya Ron to check where you are.
Santi thought he was doomed.  He would not be able to join the competition although he really wanted to join so bad.  His yaya put some tender shrimps on his plate, her hands were still shaking.  He felt extremely bad for her but he did not gather enough courage to tell her that he was not mad at her.
*****
The following day, Santi noticed the sun shone differently unlike the previous mornings.  It was still radiant as ever, but it had a different glow especially when the morning rays crawled through his bedroom window.  Perhaps the sun was somehow celebrating with him for it was the big day  the day of the competition.  He was nervous alright like he wanted to throw up, but he was equally excited that his adrenaline pushed him to be snappy.  
His yaya cooked him hotdog, egg, and garlic rice.  It was the best garlic rice he had ever tasted.  He drank his glass of orange juice.  It was not too sweet, and he absolutely loved.  He glanced at his yaya who was washing the dishes in the kitchen.  He approached her with his plate in his hands, and handed it to her.  He had never done it before that was why his yaya was surprised.  
Santi, you couldve left it on the table. But she took the plate anyway.
Santi smiled.
I enjoy your cooking, Yaya, everyday.  Thank you.
He left her with her jaw opened ajar and speechless.  Her furrowed eyebrows softened their arc, and she was initially groping for the right words to say.  She smiled and said loudly so that he could hear her from the dining room, I am glad you like it, my dear.  And it was the most enjoyable dishwashing she had ever done when she worked for the Nacinos.
Kuya Ron also seemed to be in a good mood.
Good morning, Santi, he greeted which he normally did, but there was genuine delight in his voice.
Good morning, Kuya Ron.
This also surprised the driver for Santi normally did not greet him back.  As a matter of fact, a nod would suffice as a greeting to the driver.  Kuya Ron grinned.
This is such a wonderful day, Kuya Ron said as he started the ignition.
It is, Santi thought as the car left the Nacino residence.

In school, however, Santi could not concentrate in all of his classes.  He was staring at his teachers blankly but his mind was wandering away from the four walls of the classroom.  He was still worried where Kuya Ron would drop him off.  When Miss Reina faced the chalkboard to write a passage from a short story that they were discussing, Santi looked around.  Who would be willing to connive with him?  Besides, he did not know where they lived, and they did not like him.
The school bell rang, and it was already dismissal time, and it was at that moment during his walk along the corridor to the main gate when he was bumped by a thought.  He hoped that his plan would work.  He found Kuya Ron socializing with other drivers of private cars and private school buses.  The cheerful and amiable driver turned around when one of the drivers nodded at someone over his shoulder.
Are we now off to your classmates house for your project?
Great, Santi thought rather disappointed that his parents could have informed Kuya Ron the formers agenda.
It wath canthelled. He caught one of the drivers smiling upon hearing the lisp.
Cancelled you mean, son?
Santi nodded not bearing to catch another facial muscle twitch upon hearing his lisp for the second time.
So were going home then.  OK, lets go. Kuya Ron opened the door for Santi as he waved to his comrades. 
Santi could hardly breathe when he sat at the back of the car.  When the car passed by the bookstore, his knees buckled together.  He found a chalkboard in front of the bookstore that read in colorful bold letters: WELCOME TO SOLSTICES FIRST POEM READING COMPETITION.
At that moment until the bookstore was out of sight, his heart was in his throat.  
He replied to his yayas call as he went to his room.  She was as usual in the kitchen, and she asked Kuya Ron why they were home soon.  Kuya Ron explained that the project was cancelled, and immediately digressed to ask what snacks did Yaya prepare for him.
Santi closed the door, threw his bag on the bed, and paced around the room until he resigned on a chair.  He squeezed the blood out of his knees and rubbed his thighs as if that would soothe his anxiety.  He glanced at the clock.  When the digital clock turned 3:00 PM, Santi was relieved to see Tiago climbing over his window.
Where have you been? Santi stormed from his seat.
Perplexed, Tiago replied, My house.
Ive been waiting for you.
Its only three oclock in the afternoon.  This is our usual meeting time, remember? Tiago said trying his best to suppress laughter.
Santi sighed, wiped his face with his sweating palms, and sat on the bed.
Relax, my friend.
How can I relax when the competition is three hours from now, and I am here at home? Santi was on the verge of tears when Tiago sat beside him.
Remember what I told you?  They are naked, and you have everything.
Santi was dumbfounded at how extremely relaxed Tiago was at a crucial situation.  Perhaps he was trained well by the circumstances brought about by the slums.  The slums could be worse than any dilemma Santi thought.  
Tiago, are you coming to watch?
The lanky boy pursed his lips as his stared at the floor.  
Im sorry, Santi.  I cant stay out of the house at that time.  My mother wants me to help in fixing our tattered roof.  As a matter of fact, I managed to slip off from her sight just to come here.  And I wont be long.  I just came to say good luck.
Santi nodded quietly and moved the corner of his lips to his right ear.  He had no intention of mimicking Tiagos signature smile; but the fact that they were together for certain hours of the day, he acquired his friends idiosyncrasy.
Thank you.
Tiago stayed for a few more minutes to help Santi select clothes from the closet.  He did not even bother to ask for sandwich and a glass of juice because he reminded that he was in a hurry.  Before he left, he gave Santi the book of poems.  He did his signature smile and Santi thought it was only Tiago who could pull it off.  Tiago was a natural.
You have embarked in this amazing adventure of chances.  Whatever happens, do it!
Santi nodded as they smiled at each other.
I cant wait to tell you everything tomorrow.
Tiago smiled quietly and, without a word, climbed out of the window.  Santi sighed which somehow relaxed him a bit.  He read the poem for the last time, and changed his clothes.  He wondered what else he did in less than two hours that he barely realized that time flew like a speed of light.  It was ten minutes before six.  He jogged in place, shook his arms, stretched his neck left to right, exhaled, and marched out of his room.
Kuya Ron, Kuya Ron, he called, his voice with a sense of urgency.  Kuya Ron!
Ron! Santis yaya called out from the kitchen.  Santi is calling you, Ron!
The driver came in the main door.
Yes?
Santis jaw trembled.
I got a texth methage from my clathmate.  We have to go to the bookthtore.
Bookthore  bookstore? Santis yaya asked as she joined them.  But your parents said you should not be out by six.
Itth an emergenthy.  We have to thubmit the project tomorrow or elth we will fail.
You will do your project in the bookstore? Kuya Ron asked, trying to digest the words.
Yeth, Kuya Ron.  Pleath!
But you said a while ago that your meeting with your classmate was cancelled, said Kuya Ron.
Our project got thtolen for thome reathon.  Tho we have to redo it.  Pleath, Kuya Ron.  Pleath!
That was Santis plan all along, to make the meeting looked like it was cancelled, but then an emergency comes up.  Kuya Ron and Yaya looked at each other, neither one of them knew what to do.  Kuya Ron sighed, shaking his head.
What bookstore is this?
The Tholthtith.
That bookstore with a weird name? Kuya Ron said as he took his keys from his pocket.  Tell Dr. Nacino we will be back by 6:30, he told Yaya, and then turned to Santi, Son, we have to be back home by 6:30 whether you have finished your project or not.  Understand?
Yeth, Kuya.
Santi and Kuya Ron went to the car like they were going to catch a scheduled bus trip, or to make it more exciting and appealing, they were like police officers who were on their way to catch a fugitive.  Santi was quiet the entire trip, clutching the book of poems tightly.  Finally, they arrived at the bookstore.  Kuya Ron had to stop Santi at the door for a second.
Son, we have to be home by 6:30.  Got that?
Santi nodded without saying a word, and entered the bookstore while Kuya Ron waited in the car.  The small bookstore was packed with patrons of different ages and from different backgrounds but with the same preference and reason why they were there  poetry.  A teenage girl was already reading beside the bespectacled cashiers counter.  She was reading a poem about the tug of love and hate.  Santi looked for a place to sit, and a woman situated at the third plank of the stairs gesticulated at him to sit beside her.  He recognized her as the customer who could not wait to hear him read.  As soon as he sat at the second plank of the stairs, the bespectacled cashier smiled and led the applause.  The teenage girl bowed her head and sat beside Santi.  She happened to be the womans daughter.  Santi eavesdropped.  The mother said that her daughter did really good, and the daughter said thank you.  Santi wondered if the mother or anyone in the bookstore would tell him the same thing.  
The bespectacled cashier read from her roster, and a middle-aged man who seemed to be working in a local government agency as Santi assumed walked to the front and read his chosen poem about searching for sparks in life.  The way the middle-aged man read his chosen poem was not theatrical at all.  He had a moderate pace, and a modulated voice.  After reading his poem, he even received a jubilant applause like he had performed a masterpiece not anyone had ever performed before.  Santi glanced at his watch.  He only had 20 minutes before his time was up.  He was not even sure if he was the next reader or the last.  If he were last, he was not certain how many more competitors would read their poems.  He did a quick survey of the number of people in the bookstore.  He looked up, and there were six or seven leaning against the banister.  He wondered if they were the judges.  There were more or less about 20 people in the bookstore including himself, and he was not certain if all of them were joining the competition too.  Each and every reader was competitive, and their choices of poems were exceptional.  He looked at his watch, it was already three minutes passed 6:30.  He felt a lump in his throat when he saw through the door that Kuya Ron was disembarking the car.  
Santi Nacino, called the bespectacled cashier as she read from the roster.
As soon as Santi got up, the woman and her daughter tapped his shoulder and wished him good luck.  Santi smiled and walked to the front which seemed to be a mile away.  The bespectacled cashier nodded at him, smiling, as blithe as she always was.  Santi cleared his throat and opened the book of poems.
Chantheth.
His spine shivered.  The curse of lisp had not faded.  He paused and surveyed the audience.  None of them reacted strangely.  Their full attention was at him and him alone.  His eyes widened in alarm when Kuya Ron entered the bookstore watching him in surprise.  He could not tell Kuya Rons facial expression whether he was surprised that Santi was reading in front of an audience, or he was angry that Santi did not follow the 6:30PM curfew, or he was disappointed at him for being a liar.  Santi looked away quickly, turning his vision to the page of what seemed to be jumbled letters.  He heard Tiago chanting at the back of his mind, Do it!  Do it!
Chantheth by K. Ethra.
What if?
That ith the quethtion.
Can I do it?
Another quethtion.
Take a leap,
Open your heart.
Open your window!
What do you thee?      
Allow the thun to theep through the dark cloudth;
Allow the loomcatht grath to be verdant;
Allow the thwallowth to therenade and fly;
Allow the thephyr to make everything alive.
No, I am not afraid now.
Thith ith my one and only chanth
To unthackle mythelf from the chainth of inhibithionth
Hear me thay, yeth, hear me thay
I can do it!
And you, my friend, do it!

Santi closed the book, panting from reading in front of strangers like it was worth running a mile.  And he did not read like he was catching a train.  He observed proper intonation, stress, and pause, and he read with conviction.  He did not care about his lisp.  As a matter of fact, he embraced it.  It did not hinder him from reading aloud and from the heart.  He felt like there was nothing to lose anymore.  He even glanced at Kuya Ron who had his eyes lit up wide, his lips apart.  Jeers from the audience?  Santi was ready for it.  However, nothing prepared him for the next event.  The audience roared in jubilant applause.  More jubilant than what the middle-aged man who seemed to be working in a local government agency had received.  The woman who invited Santi to sit beside him even stood up with her daughter, and clapped and their palms turned red.  The six or seven people leaning on the banister, held up their mugs of coffee or hot chocolate in honor of Santis feat.  Santi grinned, he was still catching his breath, his chest heaving.  He caught a glimpse of Kuya Ron whose palms were scarlet from clapping jovially.  He went to Kuya Ron who was saying something to the woman and her daughter.
We have to go now, son, said Kuya Ron more amiably this time.
Santi did not feel any remorse for not completing the competition.  He even wondered if he had a chance to proceed to the next level.  The woman shook Santis hand and said, You did an amazing job, Santi.  Your parents must be very proud.  Go home and tell them.
Santi nodded without wiping his grin from his face.  Kuya Ron said something like Santis parents were looking for him and they needed to go home, so the audience waved at Santi goodbye, the applause did not cease.  Santi stepped out of the bookstore, feeling extremely high and effervescent.  As soon as he and Kuya Ron embarked the car, there was a strong positive energy that neither one of them could contain.  
Santi, what you did in there was a revelation, Kuya Ron said in sheer excitement as he switched the ignition and drove off.
Santi laughed.
My comrades told me your classmates say that you dont recite in class.  If only theyd seen you in there.
Santi slapped his knees, laughing his heart out.
Am I good or what, Kuya Ron?
Good? Kuya Ron said as he looked at Santi through the rearview mirror.  You were awesome!
Santi howled like a wolf and Kuya Ron mimicked him like they had an implicit understanding of celebrating ones achievement.
The poem was for you.  You read it like you own it.
I did? Santi said proudly.
Yes.  Hows that again?  I can do it.  And you, my friend, do it! The last two lines and Santis emphatic delivery registered in his mind.
Thatth right, Kuya Ron.  You got it.
You had the right feelings in the right words.
I wath nervouth.
Nervouth?  It wasnt obvious.  You looked like a natural poet.
Did you thee my handth thaking?
Your hands were shaking?  Son, I have clear vision even at this age, and I didnt see your hands trembling.  Your voice didnt even quiver.
Wow!
The good thing I came in and had the chance to watch you, otherwise, I couldve missed something amazing.
Amathing!
Youre amazing!
They were tho quiet that I wath not thure if they really underthtood me.
Im sure they did.  I did.
Theriouthly?
Therio  seriously!  I shouldve brought my camera phone out.  But I was mesmerized.
Methmerithed? Santi felt extremely proud.
Exactly! Kuya Ron said, looking at Santi through the rearview mirror again, almost missing the turn.  You shouldve heard yourself.  You were a natural!  I cant wait to tell your yaya about it.  Wow!
That thoundth great.
Its not great.  Its awesome!
And they howled again.  They never had such a hyper and extremely jubilant conversation.  This was a first, and both of them definitely enjoyed it.  Their uncontained and sheer excitement subsided when they got home.  Santis yaya was standing at the main door and she obviously looked worried.  She entered the house when the car momentarily parked in front of the door.
Lets tell your yaya about it.
Yeth.
Santi and Kuya Ron disembarked the car in high spirits.  They stopped in their tracks when Santis father followed by his mother stood at the front door.  Santi bowed his head and quietly walked inside the house passing by his parents.  He knew his parents especially his father were very angry.
Do you know what time it is?
Santi turned to his father.  He did not answer since he knew it was a rhetorical question.
Your yaya said that you went to the bookstore, continued his father.  How in the world can you do a Science project in a bookstore?  Imagine that.  How?  And how can you lie to all of us?  If you were going to buy something, why did it have to take you more than 30 minutes to be there?  What did you do? The lengthier his father talked, the louder his voice got.
Santis mother and yaya were quiet behind the fuming child psychologist.  Adding more irony, Santis father continued to raise his heavy voice on his quiet child, his own son.  Santi glanced at Kuya Ron who was standing outside of the door.  The energetic spirit of Kuya Ron was suddenly wiped out by silent remorse.  He knew Kuya Ron wanted to speak up, but he couldnt because Santi realized there was a right moment to include oneself in a conversation.  Kuya Ron thought it was not the right moment to butt in.  Santi wanted to tell Kuya Ron its OK.  Then his mind went back to the bookstore.  He confidently read the poem despite obvious traces of his lisp.  But he did not care, not even the audience.  He could still feel the jubilant cheers from them, and the firm yet ecstatic handshake from the woman on the stairs.  He wanted to howl just like what he and Kuya Ron did back in the car.  Then he snapped back to reality when his father asked, What are you smirking at, young man?  Santi suddenly realized that his lips stretched to his right ear.  Without wiping his smile on his face, he looked at his father and said, They liked me.  I wath awethome.
What he said did not mean anything to his father, his mother, and his yaya.  But when he glanced at Kuya Ron, they somehow had a quiet understanding.
What? Santis father was irritated for being extremely bewildered.
Santi knew he owed them an explanation but rather he said, They liked me.  I wath awethome.
What are you talking about, Santi? his mother asked.
His father seemed to explode any second now as he was shaking his head.
I am disappointed in you.  Completely disappointed in you.  Go to your room now!
There was a quiet tension that Santi left behind when he climbed the stairs to his room.  He closed the door, lay on his bed with his arms crossed at the back of his head, and savored the jubilant applause that welled in his mind.  
They liked me.  I wath awethome.  They liked me.  I wath awethome.
He chanted this several times, and he could not wait to tell Tiago his amazing achievement.
They liked me.  I wath awethome, he repeated for the last time, and chuckled, feeling extremely great about himself.


Chapter 9
Cielo

Did you sleep well last night, Cielo?
Cielo thought Miss Judith was being sarcastic so she replied, Ive had the best sleep ever.
Miss Judith smirked.
In the afternoon, Ill be asking for your help in the archives.  I need some files of former residents.
Cielo nodded.
So I hear good things about you from Professor.
Cielo lit up.
Thats good news.
I hope you wont leave him.  Hes just fed up of being left behind.
Cielo felt a sad tone in Miss Judiths last statement.  The statement was a hurtful reality that everybody would experience in their lifetime.  
I guess hes waiting for me.
Miss Judith smiled and nodded and went to her office.  Cielo was right.  Professor Fabie was waiting for her in his favorite bench.
Good morning, Professor.
Good morning, Cielo.  So?
Cielo looked at him, bewildered.
Have you polished the plan?
Oh!  Im sorry, Professor.  I had tons of work in the afternoon yesterday that I even got home late. Cielo lied.
Thats fine, said Professor Fabie and sipped his coffee.
Dont worry, Professor.  Well roll out our plan.
Professor Fabie smiled.
That sounds like a perfect crime.
That brought them laughing.
Professor, I miss your story, about the boy who never gets to see the sun.  What happened next?
The professor furrowed his eyebrows as he glanced at the horizon.
Oh!  Where did we stop?  Oh, wait!  Now I remember.
Cielo smiled, and leaned on the bench, and listened.


Chapter 10
Odi

Odi looked at the full moon and realized how beautiful it was contrary to what others said that it denoted the presence of horrific unseen creatures.  Shadow was not a pair of dots anymore for he was trailing behind Odi.  And the medicinal plants were extremely effective for they were trotting the forest as if they had not suffered severe wounds from the previous night.
Are you excited, Shadow?  I am.  I cant wait to see my parents again.
The wolf continued to walk without making a noise.  The nocturnal creatures either ran to the left or right, clearing the path for Odi and Shadow.  
What do you think is the last task, huh? Odi smiled at Shadow and walked ahead again.  Am I going to wrestle with an anaconda?  Or perhaps I am going to swim with barracudas.
Odi chuckled even if his companion remained quiet.
Youre going to like them, Shadow.  And Im sure theyre going to like you too.
They finally got to the hill.  The suspended pink flame, Mit-hi, spoke first.
Ah!  And here comes the warrior.
Odi grinned, feeling so proud of himself.  
I wont take the credit alone.  My friend, Shadow, here helped me to reach this crucial final task.
The pink flame chuckled.
Crucial it is.
Shadow grunted.
Hey, Shadow.  Easy, boy. Odi momentarily lost his focus.
Shall we move on to your final task?
I cant wait.
Your last task requires no riddle.  For you to achieve your wish
Odi held his breath.
Are you willing to do everything just to achieve your wish?
Is that a rhetorical question?
Answer the question.
Odi flustered, and he felt like apologizing for his crude behavior.
Y-yes.  Everything.
Everything? There was menace in the voice of Mit-hi.
Everything, Odi answered in conviction without thinking of everything but his parents.
Very well.  Kill your ally!
As if Odi was struck by lightning.     
What?
Kill.  Your.  Ally. And Mit-hi disappeared.
Odis chest heaved heavily.  He turned his head to Shadow who was already staring at him, getting ready for an imminent attack.
It cant be.  This cant be happening.
But he wanted so bad to see his parents again, and to be with them.  But he had formed an amazing unlikely bond with this wolf who had been with him to get to the final test.  But then his parents kept flashing back in his mind.  But how sure was he that his parents were still alive?  But they might have escaped from their abductors.  But he had to make a choice.
His mind was clouded with buts and more buts.  Both Odi and Shadow stared at each other quietly.  The rush of the waterfall sounded like a pressure for them to do something.  But what?  Odi tried to contain the tears in his eyes.  
Shadow, he muttered.  You know what I want to do?
Odi slowly pulled his dagger from his holster.  Shadow growled.  Its eyebrows furrowed deeply like the eyebrows and the bridge of its nose were connected.
Im sorry!
Odi swung his right arm with his dagger and aimed for Shadows throat.  Shadow pounced at the skinny boy.  Once allies now rivals, Odi shielded his throat with his arms from the sharp teeth of the wolf.  Odi exhausted every muscle as he kicked Shadows groin, and penetrated the dagger into the wolfs side when he got the chance.  He felt the sharp edge penetrate into the wolfs muscle.  He screamed as if he stabbed himself.  Shadow retreated and almost fell from the cliff.  Odi clambered to his feet and made a perfect attack bend with his right arm ready to swing to dagger once again.  The wolf stared back at him.  Those green dots, those green eyes.  Odi decided not to be hypnotized by those green dots anymore.  He screamed at the top of his lungs, dashed towards the wolf, and struck the side of Shadows throat.  Shadow did not retaliate.  It fell from the hill and was washed away by the river.  Odi watched in horror when Shadows head was bobbing in and out of the water until Shadow was far away from the waterfalls and was out of sight.  
SHADOW!
He did not hear a howl.  He wondered if Shadow was dead.  But he had to make sure.  That was his final test.  He ran down the hill, tried to parallel the speed of the flow of the river.  There was still no sign of Shadow.  He went to the pond not sure why he thought that Shadow would be there.  Alas!  There was no sign of two green dots suspended in mid air.  He stared at his reflection.  The full moon showed his ghastly reflection with blood trickling from his forehead to his chin.  It wasnt his.  He washed his face, his arms, his neck, and his legs with Shadows blood.  He hated himself while cleansing away traces of his sins.  He sobbed and he could not bear to utter Shadows name.  He sat watching the moon staring back at him, and still no parents came.  He betrayed his friend and failed his parents.  That made him sob more that curious squirrels watched him from nearby trees.  The moon showed flashes of mundane yet happy days with his parents and those short yet memorable days with Shadow.  Odi cried once again realizing that he could no longer have either of them anymore.  He was extremely angry with his fate, with Mit-hi.  How could Mit-hi test his friendship with Shadow and his love for his family?  He thought the test was not fair.  Not fair at all.  He ran back to the hill to yell at Mit-hi how unfair the test was.  But the pillars did not secure any pink flame.  
Mit-hi!  I killed him!  Now I earned my wish!  Where are my parents? Every sentence made a powerful echo that somehow overpowered the crash of waterfall.
I passed the test!  I killed Shadow!  Where are my parents?
Still there was no pink flame.  Not even a hint of different color in the night.  He just felt completely cheated.  Demoralized, he went back home, to the cave.
The fire he created was still burning, the warmth comforted his freezing skin.  He drew an imperfect caricature of a wolf.  Tears flowed once again especially when he glanced at his drawing of a father, mother, and son that resembled his family.  The worst part was the reality that he was alone  once again.  A twig snapped outside.  Odi made sure it was just the crackling fire.  He went out with his dagger in his right hand.  Beyond the bon fire, two green dots suspended in mid air stared back at him.  Odi felt his heart was racing out of his chest.  
Hes alive.
Odi was particularly not sure what he felt at the mere sight of Shadow.  He was extremely happy that his friend made it.  It might have found refuge in a riverbank when the river flow became benign.  And then it dawned on him that he would never see his parents again.  He clearly failed the test.  But in life there will always be a but.  So in this story but Odi thought the test might not be over yet.  The test would be over when he finally killed Shadow and brought its head to the hill.  He gripped his dagger tightly as Shadow stared at him quietly.  Odis mind was battling against himself.  He threw the dagger into the bon fire.  He fully revealed himself to Shadow by walking to the side of the bon fire.  They momentarily froze, their eyes locked at each other.  Odi slowly knelt down.
Shadow, he whispered.
The wolf stared at him.
Shadow, he said a little louder and with a hint of desperation.
Odi resigned to the fact that Shadow would not approach him.  He slowly got up to his feet and cautiously paced towards the wolf.
Im sorry.  Im sorry, Shadow. His voice cracked with the crackling fire.  Let me treat your wounds, please.
The wolf stood still.  Odi went to the cave to get the remaining medicinal plants stored in his pantry.  He gasped when he found Shadow slumped closer to the bon fire.  Odi hurriedly knelt beside Shadow, heated the leaves on the bon fire, and pressed them on Shadows wounds.  Shadow flinched.
Its fine, Shadow.  And Im sorry.
Odi felt Shadows muscles eased from tension as he continued to clean the wolfs wounds under the full moon.


Chapter 11
Cielo

Professor, I know where she lives now, and its not the address you have given me.  But I made my research, and I found her current address. She paused for suspense.  She still lives in the city.
Professor Fabies eyes lit up.  
Thats perfect.  So whats the plan?
Cielo looked around.  
I cant think of anything better given that we are surrounded by cameras.  We are definitely going to be in trouble once we arrive.
Professor Fabie snorted.
Its going to be worth it.
Cielo paused and thought for a second.  Well, worth it for him but not for her.  She was expecting an hour of sermon from Miss Judith and maybe a letter of termination for her to sign right after being in the hot seat.  But then again, she already said yes to the Professor, and she did not want to disappoint him.
We are going to do it tomorrow afternoon.  So, I will  
Tomorrow afternoon?  Why not do it now? 
Cielo was dumbfounded.  
Are you serious, Professor?
Yes! Professor Fabie looked straight at her with raised and furrowed eyebrows like he looked at her in disbelief.
Cielo swallowed hard.  She was not prepared for the old mans reaction and she was also not in the best mood to argue with him.  
This afternoon it is then, she said, and doubted herself right after she said it.
Professor Fabie smirked, nodding at her like she had said the best thing in the world.
Thats what I used to tell my students.  Why wait for tomorrow if you can do it now?
Cielo thought that he had a point, but she was still not sure if she was fully prepared for it.
OK then.  We will take a tricycle to her  
I dont ride tricycles.  They are very bumpy, Professor said in his grumpy tone.
I dont know the jeepney routes so I  
I dont ride jeepneys either.  I had my own car but I had to sell it when I got here.  I hate public transportations except for airplanes.  Dont you have a car?
Cielo smiled meekly.
I used to but I dont even have my drivers license.
Professor Fabie sighed in disbelief like all his hopes were drowned just because of the lack of transportation out of the home for the aged.  Cielo did not want him to go back to being grumpy.  And this should be his day.  Again, she did not want to disappoint him.
Dont worry, Professor.  Ill think of something out.
*****
Ill be in the archives room, Miss Judith.
Miss Judith nodded while she was talking on the phone.  Cielo was not sure if Miss Judith heard her.  The truth was, Cielo did it on purpose.  She wanted Miss Judith to be distracted, so that if ever Miss Judith went about looking for her, she would say, I was in the archives room.  I told you that, Miss Judith, while you were talking to someone on the phone.  She felt a little bit terrible but she was on a mission.  She paced to the archives room only to turn to the main door towards the main gate.  The two equally tiny sentinels  tiny to intimidate any intruders  glanced and waved back at Cielo when she gave them a friendly smile.  
How are you doing, Kuyas? she asked, her voice was unnaturally loud, and her words were overly enunciated.
We are doing good, Miss Cielo, said one of them who had a protruding set of teeth, if that would set the two sentinels apart.
The white in their eyes stared back at her widely when the sound of alarm echoed from the building.  Cielo directed her glance to the door when the two sentinels who were supposed to guard the main gate rushed inside the building.  Cielo followed them to the door.  She was jumping in place like she wanted to release the anxiety out of her.  Then came Professor Fabie with extremely excited wide eyes.  He actually pressed the alarm when Cielo gave him the cue.
Come on, Professor.
Where?  Wheres our ride?
Cielo ran to a bicycle that was parked close to the main door.  
Here!
Professor Fabies face turned scarlet, his veins started throbbing out of his temples.
Seriously?
We dont have a choice, Professor.  Lets go! she opened the main gate.
I think my knees will hurt at the back.
No, Professor.  You will drive.  I dont know how. She desperately bellowed, trying to overpower the sound of the alarm that had not stopped yet.  
Professor Fabie stared at Cielo in disbelief.
You dont know how to drive a car and a bicycle.  What else dont you know?  Lets go!
Professor Fabie rode the bicycle with Cielo standing on the foot ledge behind him.
Hold on!
Lets go, Professor! said Cielo as she looked back at the main gate.  The alarm had been turned off but the guards had not come out yet.
Although his knees were about to give in, Professor Fabie pedaled along the bumpy street.  
Get out of the way!  An old man driving a bicycle! Professor Fabie warned those pedestrian walkers to step aside.  Some people were amused by how the tandem looked because they looked like a grandfather and a grandchild having a fun ride.
Turn left, Professor, she instructed when they got to an intersection.
Out of the way! Professors voice was their honk.
Not only was it a rough ride because of the uneven and crowded pavement, but a dog persisted on them when they passed through a barber shop.  Cielo looked back in alarm and the dog was ready to tear off her white trousers which was part of her uniform.  And she could not afford to buy a new one.
Hurry, Professor!  Turn left again! She almost missed the turn as Professor Fabie though scarlet faced with gritting teeth, worked his aching knees and thighs faster than anyone could imagine for an old man like him.
But as soon as he turned left, a gigantic honk made them scream when a ten-wheeler truck was gaining on them.
Go, Professor!  Hurry!
Shut up!!!
And they screamed for their lives when they made a successful maneuver to their turn.  The dog did not follow them anymore. 
No more obstacle course, please, Cielo told the wind.  She could tell the professor was sweating underneath his coat.  The back of his neck was glossy and so was the patch of bald on the top of his head.  But she still admired him for having strong knees.  They finally got to a residential area in a quiet neighborhood and Cielo could tell they were close.
Professor, there.  Number 56.
Professor Fabie did not stop in front of the house.  They parked two houses away from their destination, and they stayed across the street.  Cielo disembarked the bicycle and felt her knees shake in exhaustion.  Professor stood holding the bicycle and did not take his eyes off the house with a number 56 on the green gate.
Are you sure thats the one?
Yes, Professor.
Fishball, Maam, Sir?
Its Professor! he spat the words at the startled fishball vendor.
Cielo pacified them both by kindly saying no to the vendor.  The people from their neighborhood seemed to be busy as they were disembarking from tricycles or jeepneys with school bags or whatever they had brought from school or from work.  It was quite a busy yet safe and friendly neighborhood.
Then the green gate opened that made Cielo and Professor Fabie jolt.  Cielo knew Professor Fabie did not take his eyes off the green gate the moment they arrived, but she glanced at him anyway to make sure he was indeed looking.  There was sheer intense anticipation in his stare at the opening green gate.  A woman who was perhaps a couple of years Cielos senior came out of the green gate.  She was holding a hand of a bouncy boy who seemed to be in his primary years in the elementary.  Cielo fidgeted in place and she was not sure whether she and Professor Fabie would hide behind the steaming cart of the fishball vendor.  However, she was surprised at how frozen and mesmerized Professor Fabie was.  The woman hailed for a tricycle until one stopped for her.
Bye, Ma, the woman said, addressing someone behind the green gate.  Miko, say goodbye to Lola, she told the bouncy boy who was about to alight the tricycle.
Bye, Lola, said the boy in blithe as he threw his arms round his grandmother who already came out from the other side of the gate.
Professor Fabie gasped.  Cielo turned to Professor Fabie and then to the grandmother and then to Professor Fabie again.
Its her, the professor said.  His eyes were filled with anxiety and excitement upon laying his eyes on his one and only love after years that he could not count.  
Cielo was sure the professor was welling his tears in his eyes too.  She looked at the grandmother again, Mrs. Annette Tinio.  She was in fact tiny but not frail.  She was not strikingly beautiful.  But the moment the grandmother threw her arms round her grandson with a radiant smile on her face, Cielo knew how this woman captured the heart of the grumpy professor during their younger years.  She realized that no matter how old the person is and no matter how ordinary he or she looks, true beauty comes out naturally when he or she smiles.  And the sight of this natural beauty made Professor Fabie slightly choke.
Are you alright, Professor? Cielo asked and she hoped earnestly that the professor would not make a scene.
Im fine, the professor replied softly and his longing gaze at the tiny woman did not falter.
The younger woman reciprocated her mothers kiss on the cheek, and she followed her bouncy son, Miko, embark the tricycle.  The multitude wrinkles beside the eyes of the tiny old woman deepened while her gaze followed the trotting tricycle.  
Cielo felt the urge to ask Professor Fabie if it was their cue to approach Mrs. Tinio but she wanted to leave him at what she described as a magical state of Professor Fabie.  She initially knew him as the grumpy old man.  Yet she slowly got to know him further and appreciated his wisdom through his storytelling.  However, nothing prepared her for that one sight of this old man who had proven himself in his chosen field of study.  There was something so human about how he looked that Cielo could not properly and logically explain to herself.  But she thought it was lovely.
Mrs. Tinio entered inside the gate without any trace of noticing anyone watching her.  Cielo cleared her throat, and looked at Professor Fabie.  He was still staring at the closed green gate.  She had to do something rather than stand there and watch at the gate.
Professor? she said almost a whisper.  Shall we go?
Professor Fabie slightly nodded and the expression on his face was like he was embarrassed for being frozen at Mrs. Tinios presence. 
Yes, he said softly and rode the bicycle.
Cielo realized Professor Fabie misunderstood her.  She meant if they would go and talk to Mrs. Tinio.  They should not be going back to the home for the aged yet.  Their task was not yet complete.
Professor, arent you going to talk to her?
I believe there is no need.  She looks very happy.  And I am happy to see her that way.
Cielo slightly rolled her eyes and felt that Professor Fabie did not need to feel like a martyr.  Yet she saw the genuine satisfaction and acceptance in the professors eyes behind those thick reading glasses that he had to let Annette Tinio be.  She seemed very happy with her daughter and her grandson.  She seemed very happy with her life like if he did get in her way, he might impede eternal happiness.
Get on the bicycle, Cielo.  Lets go.
Cielo still wanted to stay.  There was a tint of sadness in Professor Fabies voice although he tried to mask it by sounding like he had just finished watching a mediocre film.  She rode on the bicycle and for the whole trip back, they were quiet and so was their path back to Amadeus Rizals Homes.  There were no obstacles anymore.  There was no dog to pester them, the pedestrians moved out of their way like they understood where they should be when a bicycle was passing by.  It was like everything was cordial to them.  
They finally got to the home for the aged, and the two sentinels anxiously met them.  One of them the one with the protruding teeth talked on his radio while the other opened the gate for them.  Cielo jumped off the bicycle.  Professor Fabie remained quiet as he got off the bicycle.  She wanted to break the silence but she did not know how.  She might bring back the old grumpy Professor Fabie she first met, and she did not want to meet that first Professor Fabie.
Sir, Miss Judith is  
Professor! the professor roared that left the sentinel with protruding teeth frozen on his tracks.  Cielo was glad it was not her he barked at.  Take this.  Shes a beauty. He pushed the bicycle to the other sentinel and like a tired man from work, he made his way to the main building with dragging footsteps.  Miss Judith and some other interns came out of the building and met them.
Professor   Miss Judith said with wide shocked eyes.  Cielo could tell that Miss Judith was angry, afraid, and relieved to see Professor Fabie in one piece.
Im tired.  Well talk tomorrow.  Excuse me.
He passed through the interns who gave way.  He turned around and Miss Judith waited for him to talk to her.  She wanted to hear the story right at the moment.
Cielo, he instead said that brought Cielo to her toes and she was not able to bring herself to speak to acknowledge.  Thank you.  That was all he said.  As if they had an implicit understanding, Cielo nodded as Professor Fabie gave her a faint smile and went inside the building.  
Apparently, Miss Judith, the interns, and the sentinels who witnessed the vocal gratitude were completely lost, and they wanted to hear the story.  Cielo knew what was next when Miss Judith said, In my office.  Now.  She did not scream, it was more of like a whisper that as much as she wanted to keep her anger to herself, she could not control the fury venting out of her eyes and eyebrows and lips and definitely her nostrils.  Cielo knew she was in trouble when she followed Miss Judith to her office.  All her life she wanted to build a good reputation by not doing any mischief, so she was not used to the interns watching her.  She did not see them watching her, but she could feel their eyes boring her when they were still on her tracks when she walked the hallway.  
Miss Judith said that the cameras were reviewed, and she was completely shocked to see in the playback video that Cielo and Professor Fabie escaped.  Cielo explained where they went and what their agenda was, and Miss Judith found it hard to believe that Cielo fell for Professor Fabies mischief.  She told Cielo the consequences if Professor Fabie was suddenly lost or incurred an accident along the way, and she also told Cielo of her role and her limitations as the intern of the patients.  The lengthy discussion was almost over when Miss Judith decided to give Cielo two days suspension.  Cielo was not surprised and not alarmed as well although she also thought about how she was going to afford her meals for the next few days.  She left the building without any intention of finding Professor Fabie who was probably in his room resting his knees.  She got home, and she was indeed thankful that her landlady was out, and there was no one to pester her with trivial questions.
She lay on her bed without changing her clothes.  If her mother was there, she would definitely be reprimanded.  But her mother was not there anyway.  She stowed away, remember?  And then she stared at the dilapidated ceiling again, asking for answers to her question: What do you really want to do, Cielo?



Part 4 - Conclusion
Chapter 12

Santi quietly ate his breakfast.  His yaya came from the kitchen, and poured him a glass of pineapple juice.  This morning, she made the best fried milkfish.  It was not over and under cooked, and it was not too oily.  And as if she picked the best tomatoes for though they were sliced, they were crunchily delicious.  Santi wanted to tell her that she was the best cook that her family ever had, but after being reprimanded by his father in her presence last night, he felt that he need not to talk.  However, after last night recalling his unforgettable feat in the bookstore, he finally spoke up.
Yaya, can I athk you a funny quethtion? he stopped her from going back to the kitchen.
Sure, Santi.  What is it? Yaya asked curiously as obviously seen from her furrowed eyebrows and puckered lips.
He looked straight at her.
What ith your name?
His yaya was momentarily dumbstruck.  She was sure his mother introduced her to him the first time she came to the house years ago.  Santi was very young indeed but not too young to forget and ignore such detail.  Or so she thought, he knew but he decided to forget and she knew why.  She gave out a laugh that almost startled Santi, and she said, My name is Cecilia.
Santi seemed to be studying her or he seemed to be weighing his options.  He beamed and said, Yaya Thethilia, you are the betht cook ever.
Oh!  Thank you, Santi, she sounded extremely grateful like it was immensely rewarding to hear such a simple compliment from a child.  What do you want me to cook when you come home from school?  It should only be light so that you still have room for dinner.
Santi thought that perhaps Tiago should taste something more than sandwich although again Yaya Cecilia made the best sandwiches.  
Can you bake a pineapple pie, Yaya Thethelia?
Yaya Cecilia thought for a split second and she did not want to disappoint him so she said, Yes, I can.
Santi smiled and finished his hearty and healthy breakfast.

When it was time to go to school, Santi embarked the car as Kuya Ron greeted him good morning, and Santi greeted him back.  Kuya Ron started the engine, and off they went to school.  As they passed by the Solstice Bookstore, their heads turned together to that direction.  Kuya Ron found Santi smiling back at him through the rearview mirror, and with an implicit understanding, together they said in an oratorical tone, Chances.  But of course Santi said Chantheth.
*****
Miss Reinas baby belly was getting bigger each day, and Santi even blushed to see her belly button screaming out through her loose white blouse.  
Class, I gave you a seatwork of writing the best ending to Juan Panchos story and you also created a pseudonym.  I have already checked your work, and this is the moment of truth.  I must commend each and everyone of you for being so creative by making twists in the plot without forgetting the formal and correct way of writing.  However, as an added incentive, I will give additional points to the exam to three exceptional works.  Let me review, the third place winner will get  
Seven points! the class chorused excitedly.
The second place winner will get she anticipated a livelier response from the class.
Ten points!
And the first place winner will earn
Twenty points! And the boys cheered jubilantly like their favorite football team won the championship game.  Although they were extremely noisy, Miss Reina enjoyed that moment for they showed enthusiasm in her class.
But before I give you the result, I will give an award to three of you who created the most interesting pseudonyms.  Martin, do you have the sheet of paper of the pseudonyms with the real names with you?
Yes, Miss, Martin said, showing the paper to her like he was an alert soldier.
Please dont lose that.  So the third place goes to what seemed to be taken from two of my favorite books of all time she wrote on the board Atticus Caulfield.  Who is Atticus Caulfield?  Please come and get your reward.
One of the naughtiest boys in the class stood up as his equally mischievous friends cheered him when he went to Miss Reina to claim his prize of a chocolate bar.  When the class saw the chocolate bar, they cheered like they wanted it too even if the parents of these rich boys could afford to buy thousands of boxes of it.  But the fact that it was a simple reward for something that they worked for, and a reminder that though they were already 12 years-old, they still deserved a little childs prize.
Why did you choose the name, Erroll?  Did you get them from the novels To Kill a Mockingbird and Catcher in the Rye? But Miss Reina was not surprised at his lost look while his friends, Santis bullies, Archie, Joe, and Tom, who happened to be Errolls seatmates tried to grab his chocolate from his tight grip
No, Miss.  Its a character from the computer game I play, he replied shyly.
Miss Reina smiled, for she knew the kind of boys like Erroll would never find interest in reading books even if she tried to make him.
Thats interesting to know.  I am sure the creator of the computer game is a lover of books.
But Erroll shrugged, and Miss Reina did not pursue.  Santi also wanted to get a chocolate but with his chosen pseudonym, he doubted if he caught Miss Reinas attention.
Settle down now, class.  The second place goes to what I find quite witty.  And I know its a name of a philosopher.  She wrote on the board Confused Shoes.
The whole class said Confucius after proudly realizing who the philosopher was.  And they were not surprised when Martin stood up to get his chocolate.  They even cheered for him but they did not attempt to grab his chocolate for him.  He was indeed studious and his active participation was sometimes a pain in their ears especially for those who lacked interest in studying, but they had great respect for him.
Do you want to know the winner for the best pseudonym?
Yes, Miss Reina! And it was a riot that although she enjoyed such enthusiasm, she was worried that the other classes would be disturbed.  This pseudonym has a futuristic touch to it.  And she wrote on the board Intergalactic Spectra Number 9.
The whole class cheered on when their aloof classmate stood up to get a different kind of chocolate bar and upgraded from the third and second placers.
Congratulations to the winners!  And now is the moment of truth.  It was not an easy task checking your papers and choosing which would be the best ones.  After several shortlists, I came up with the top three endings.  Now I dont get to decide who will get the first, second, or third place.  The power is in your hands.
Several boys rubbed their palms together.  Santi hoped for a miracle but when he caught a glimpse of his smartest classmate, Martin, who was earnestly looking at the papers in Miss Reinas hands, his heart sank.  Martin was always commended for his excellent writing.
I will be posting the top three endings sans the pseudonym.  If you find your work posted here, do not react, Miss Reina instructed emphatically like she meant business for she knew these boys could sometimes be uncontrollable especially when excited.  I want you to read the three compositions that I will be posting on the board and assess each one of them.  You should judge the work according to the created ending, if it is coherent to the story, if it makes an interesting ending to the story, if it makes a sensible ending to the story, the choice of words used, the sentence construction.  It is like judging a movie.  After watching a movie, you would think if you like it or not.  What made you say yes or no?  Is it because the story was good or mediocre?  Or were the actors convincing or abysmal?  Was the cinematography good?  How about the special effects?  Was the soundtrack appealing?  See, it is similar to judging a written work. Miss Reina was somehow quite relieved that she got them quiet for that moment.  These are only short endings, so I will give you five minutes to read all three compositions, and then we will get to vote.
She asked three of the tallest boys in class to post three white cartolinas on the board.  As soon as the three tall boys finished posting the cartolinas, Miss Reina gave them a final instruction.  Again, if one of these three is your work, do not react.  Your five minutes starts now.
The boys quietly read the clear and neat handwriting of Miss Reina.  She had copied the best compositions for the whole class to read.  
No discussion, she said when she found two heads twining together.
Santi was sure he did not write those sentences on the board.  He barely read and understood the compositions like he was looking for something else.  But the one in the middle, the second composition was quite familiar.  The story went from Juan Panchos dilemma in being caught by the authorities to his successful portrayal of being a victim in the heist, claiming that he was a hostage and he was ordered by the real thief to get the money out of the bank.  When he pointed the snobbish bank manager as the real thief by showing pieces of evidence that Juan Pancho eventually implanted to falsely accuse the bank manager, Juan Pancho got away with the crime and the snobbish yet poor bank manager was sent to prison for a crime he had not committed.  
Santi was sure that it was his work, his sentences, and he cared less for the other compositions.  He hoped to get the first place, and he would surely get 20 points in the exam.  He wondered what kind of chocolate Miss Reina would give to the first place winner.  On the other hand, he thought it would be better for his composition not to be chosen as the top ending.  If his classmates found out his work was there, he would not get the same respect as Martin was getting from the class.  His mischievous classmates especially the bullies would probably sneer at him for his lisp again.  He realized that the audience in the bookstore was different from his classmates.  The people in the bookstore were more mature and they were appreciative despite his limitation to speak the letter S clearly.  They loved him, they clapped and cheered for him.  But his classmates would also cheer for him coupled with mimics of his lisp.  
Five minutes was up when Miss Reina spoke to the class about which they thought was the best ending to the story.  She gave the summary to each composition but Santi barely listened, for he prayed that his story would win third place so that his classmates would forget about him once the first place winner would be revealed.  Miss Reina told them the voting procedure.  It was easy as raising their hand in favor to a composition which they thought would be the best one.
Miss Reina asked who liked the first composition.  Santi was about to raise his hand but when only three hands shot in the air, he clasped his hands together.  Miss Reina wrote the number 3 beside the first composition.  When the second composition, Santis work, was up for votes, about half of the class raised their hands.  Santi did not.  Even Martin raised his hand which quite surprised Santi for if Martins work was posted there, he would definitely choose his own.  Erroll and his bully friends raised their hands too.  Santi wondered if they knew it was his work.  They were nodding in approval like they agreed to vote for this composition for they seemed to know it was Santis work.  And Santi thought they may be up to something.  Then Miss Reina wrote 11.  Santis heart sank.  It was like he wanted to run away before the bullies got into him in front of the class.  Then Miss Reina finally asked for the third composition.  Almost half of the class raised their hands too.  Santi lost count and could not go on.  Miss Reina wrote on the board 10, and his face went pallor.
The boys cheered finally but not Santi.  Miss Reina gave Martin some instructions as he stood beside her with the paper of the pseudonyms with the real names.
Interesting!  We have a close fight here.  Let us now reveal who wins the third place. She took a quick glance on the paper in her hands, and said, Who is Superman?
The boys cheered at the pseudonym, and when their heavyset classmate stood up to get his paper and prize, the class was in uproar.  It was an amalgamation of jubilee and sneer, but more of the former.  He seemed to be enjoying the moment that when his classmates chanted, Superman!  Superman! he even raised his arms for more cheers when he got his chocolate.  
The second place goes to you know who Confused Shoes is.
Martin stood up and claimed his prize.  Santi noticed that Martin tried to mask his disappointment.  Obviously, Martin wanted to win first.  Santi wished that Martin shouldve won the first place.  If only Martin raised his hand for his own work.
And the first place with an additional 20 points to the final exam goes to drum roll please.
The boys tapped their desks in a drum roll but Santi could barely move his hands.
Congratulations to Tiago.
The class cheered and chanted Tiago!  Tiago! and all necks craned to whoever Tiago was.  Santi felt his knees weak.
Tiago?  Where are you? Miss Reina consulted the paper with the real name.
Before she would call out his name, Santi stood up and it was like a mile walk to the teachers table.  His classmates were surprised and cheered in a more jubilant applause as they chanted his pseudonym.  He could tell from the looks of his classmates that they were genuine, some even shook his arms in congratulation when he passed by them.  He found his hands trembling when he claimed his paper with Miss Reinas handwriting on it, and his prize which was a box of an ever favorite chocolate of the youth.  He went back to his seat, feeling relieved and feeling extremely proud of himself.  He could not wait to open the box of chocolates.
*****
See you tomorrow, Santi, one of his classmates said, and he bade him goodbye too.  After the announcement of the winners in Miss Reinas class, Santi somehow got the respect of his classmates even some of the bullies.  They did not torment him during class or during break time.  He walked towards the car while exchanging goodbyes with his classmates.  As a matter of fact, that day he participated more in class even if it called for pronouncing a lot of letter S.  
Hey, Santi. 
Santi was surprised to see Martin approaching him.
Congratulations again.
Thankth, Martin. And he was quite confused for Martin was the sort of person who always wanted to be the best.
It couldve been me who one if I only did not raise my hand in favor of yours.
For a moment Santi thought that this time it was Martin who was playing the bully.
Why did you do it?
Martin shrugged.
I thought it would be unfair to vote for mine if I knew that your work is better.  I was so mad at myself and thought, why didnt I think of that?
This brought Santi smiling.
Good job.  Ill see you tomorrow.
Thankth again, Martin.  Thee you tomorrow. And he thought that Martin was not only book smart, he was one sensible fellow too.  He waved at Kuya Ron when Archie, Joe, and Tom without Erroll and their other friends around, stopped Santi in his tracks.  These three intimidators found the perfect timing to torment Santi, and he thought that the war was not over yet.
Hello Tiago.  I mean, Thantie, said Archie and the other two boys snickered.
Santie looked at them indignantly.
What are you going to do, punk?  Thmath our fatheth with thlapth? Archie continued and Tom and Joe laughed more.
No, Santi said, smiling with his lips drawn to his right ear only.  I wont thtoop down to your level.  I cthooth my war.  Exthcuthe me.
The three boys stood dumbfounded.
Thtoop  stoop down to our level? Archie said.
He thinks we are low and stupid, Joe said adding more injury.
Oh yeah!  Well, Ill beat him in Miss Reinas class one day.  Ill show him whos not stupid.
Santi chuckled and dismissed Archies imbecilic threat.  Kuya Ron mustve seen what happened for when they both entered the car, they looked at each other and together they said, And you, my friend, do it!  Then they slapped their palms together as if they never got tired out of the poem reading competition.
*****
As promised, Yaya Cecilia baked pineapple pie, and Santi could not wait to eat it with Tiago.  Yaya Cecilia was quite surprised when Santi asked for two slices of pie, and two glasses of water.  He lied that he was quite thirsty.  He sat before his desk, and watched the digital clock turned 3:00 PM.  He looked over his shoulder to meet Tiago on the window.  It was still closed.  Quite unusual for him to be late, Santi wondered.  He waited for a few more minutes.  He took the paper of his winning piece, and read the comment of Miss Reina again.  Normally, Miss Reina wrote on his paper You can do better or Please brush up on your subject-verb agreement or Please check the correct spelling of the word.  But this time, it read You did an amazing job.  You made me gasp in excitement while reading your composition.  You got me engaged.
He read it over and over, and he couldnt wait to show it to Tiago too.  But it was already 4:00 PM according to the digital clock.  Santi looked through the window.  There was no sign of Tiago.  If he only knew where Tiago lived, he would pay him a visit.  But where would the slums be?  He was sure Kuya Ron would oppose to the idea of going there.  He also checked the window if Yaya Cecilia did something to lock it.  But it was just the same as before, and Tiago could still open it if he could.  The sun had set, and Tiago still did not jump over Santis window.
*****
Lately, Santis parents joined him during dinner.  It was like they did not have so much things to do in their respective jobs, Santi thought.  And he preferred the old way that he was eating his dinner alone so that he would not see his father.  And the fact that Tiago had not visited him that day saddened him.  What could have happened to Tiago?  Santi hoped Tiago was safe thinking that the slums was a dangerous place.  This made him ponder more and his parents thought that he was still thinking about his fathers outburst the night before.  Santi caught his mother holding his fathers wrist for a time.  Then his father cleared his throat.
Santi.
Santi was startled that he almost dropped his fork on his plate.
Yeth, Dad?
He watched his father getting a small brown package from his lap.
This package was sent here by the Solstice Bookstore.
Santi could barely chew his food, his face had gone scarlet.  The package was a mystery but he hoped it was not something that would bring his father storming on him again.  
It was sent by a nice young lady from the bookstore.  She said that you won the Breakthrough Poet Award and this is your prize.
Santi was dumbfounded and he stared at the brown package.  It was wrapped the same way that the bespectacled cashier in the bookstore did when Santi bought his book of poems.  With his mouth opened ajar and it seemed like he could not close it for a moment, Santi looked at his mother who looked lovely smiling and nodding at him.  He took the package from his fathers hands and he opened it.
The young lady has your address in your application form, said his mother.  So she took the liberty to take it to you instead.  She said you left right after you performed.
Santi nodded silently and finally unwrapped the package.  There was a soft blue paper crane bookmark with the name of the bookstore on the wings.  This was the special bookmark that ever participant would get.  And with the bookmark was a book of the greatest poems from all over the world.  He beamed at the red hardbound book, and felt the embossed letters of the title.  He was ecstatic and realized he had won a lot of prizes this day.  First, in Miss Reinas class.  He could also count gaining friends as a prize.  Oh yes, by also standing up to the bullies.  Then this book, his prize for being the Breakthrough Poet.
Kuya Ron said you were fantastic.  Your mother and I would like to hear it after dinner.
Santi blinked his eyes fast at his father.  His father was genuinely smiling at him.  He turned to his mother who looked lovelier beaming with her perfect white teeth.  It was so surreal.  He thought this dinner with his parents was the best prize ever.
*****
It was the second and the final day of Cielos suspension from work.  The more she stayed at home, the more she felt depressed.  So she went out for the need of fresh air.  Besides, she could no longer take staring at her dilapidated ceiling.
It was mid day when she decided to take a tricycle to Mrs. Annette Tinios house.  She knocked on the green gate until Mrs. Tinio herself opened the gate.  The tiny woman was even shorter than Cielo.
Good morning, Mrs. Annette Tinio?
Yes? the old woman skeptically replied.  Her eyebrows furrowed like they were asking who Cielo was, or perhaps she was annoyed for being disturbed of her whereabouts, or perhaps the sun was irritating her eyes.
I am Cielo from Amadeus Rizals Home for the Aged.  And my friend Professor Vincent Fabregas is a resident there.
Mrs. Tinios furrowed eyebrows parted, and Cielo could tell that she remembered the old times with the person she once loved so dear.
Ah yes.  Vincent.  I know him.  How is he? There was alarm in her voice like she was anticipating some bad news.
Professor Fabie as how we call him once mentioned your name saying that you once were really good friends. Cielo was not prepared for this, and she found her choice of words indolent.
There were wrinkles again beside Mrs. Tinios eyes and said in genuine blithe, Well, more than that, and they both chuckled.
Well as part of the program of Amadeus Rizals, we would like to invite you to the institution to visit Professor Fabie if you have the spare time.  It would mean more to him. This was half a lie.  Indeed Amadeus Rizals Home had a program to reach out to family members and friends who wished to visit their patients especially the most neglected ones.  But this program had specific schedules and there were people who were assigned to do house to house.  And it was not part of Cielos functions in the institution.
Mrs. Tinio was nodding her head as she was looking at the horizon beyond like she dreamily wondered if she would pay Professor Fabie a visit.
Cielo is it?
Yes, Maam.
Well, I dont know if I can.  My children are busy with their own families.  And I have to look for someone to look after the house if I have to go out.  But I sure do appreciate you telling me.
Cielos shoulders dropped.  So was it a yes or no?  She couldnt make it out with the tiny old womans answer.  
Thank you so much for your time, Mrs. Tinio.
Cielo left feeling sorry for Professor Fabie.  

Still feeling like she had not accomplished her task, Cielo got home and for the first time wished that she would see her landlady.  She needed something from her.  
Hello Cielo, said her landlady who just came from a neighbors house.  I just got a call from my cousin who is a bachelor.  He is thinking of taking you out for dinner tomorrow.
Cielo swallowed hard.
Oh I cant.  Can I borrow your phone?  Its an emergency. She had to deviate quickly so that she could avoid her landladys topic about her bachelor cousin.  
Upon hearing the word emergency, Cielos landlady told her to hurry to her bedroom.  She kept the telephone in her bedroom so that no one would use her phone liberally especially in calling long distance while she had to pay the phone bill.
Ill get back with you when youre done.  Ill be in the kitchen.
Cielo thanked her, but she decided that she would run to her room quickly after she made the call.  It took her quite a while to dial the number correctly.  It was not that she was committing mistakes.  She knew the number by heart but she was quite hesitant to connect to the person she wanted to speak with.  Finally, she completed dialing the number and the phone rang on the other end.  
Hello! said a womans voice on the other hand.
Cielo swallowed hard.  That voice made her heart leap like she felt so light and so relieved to hear that voice again.  
Hello? said the womans voice again on the other hand.
After a few seconds, Cielo mustered the courage to reply.
Hello, Mom.
*****
Cielo went back to work only to hand her resignation letter to Miss Judith.  And it was immediate resignation. 
Is it because of the suspension? Miss Judith as much as possible did not like to accept the resignation letter.
I did a lot of thinking for the past few days, Miss Judith, even before that incident.  But I would like to thank you for the opportunity.
Miss Judith sighed and said, Good luck then.
Cielo nodded and sheepishly said, Can I just say goodbye to Professor Fabie?  She felt her heart heavy.  She wanted to say goodbye to Professor Fabie, and she wanted to thank him for the wisdom that he had impart her.  She would never forget him, her good and wise friend.  She was expecting though that it may not be a sweet and amiable parting because Professor Fabie would feel bad that she would leave him.  He was left alone so many times, and she hoped that he would be used to it.  And she also hoped that after passing her immediate resignation, Miss Judith would allow her to say goodbye.  And so Miss Judith did.
Cielo walked to the garden and said goodbye to her colleagues who also helped her get through.  When she reached the garden, she was surprised to see Professor Fabie sharing the bench with someone else.  She slowly approached them.  And she finally recognized who his companion was.  They were both laughing just like the old times and Cielo did not want to interrupt them for they both looked so lovely together.  But Professor Fabie might have sensed her presence for when he looked over his shoulder, he invited her to join them.  Cielo greeted Mrs. Tinio and thanked her for visiting Professor Fabie.
Why arent you in your uniform?  Are you still suspended?
Cielo felt her blood rushing to her cheeks.  It was quite tactless of Professor Fabie to ask that in front of a visitor.
I gave Miss Judith my resignation letter.  Its immediate.  And I just came to say goodbye and thank you, Professor.
Professor Fabies face dropped.
Youre leaving? It sounded like she was leaving him forever, and she did not want him to feel that way.
Well, Professor, I thought about what you said, about knowing what I want in life.  So I am going to put that philosophy in action.
Oh! Professor Fabie was still trying to show that it was just fine with him but Cielo could tell that he would miss her too.  At least, you listened to my lecture about life.  Good luck then, Cielo.  And thank you.  I was just telling Annette here our adventure or misadventure when we got out of here. And this brought the three of them laughing.
Professor, before I leave, can you tell me the ending of the story?
Professor Fabies face lit up as Cielo grabbed a chair nearby and the professor finished the story of the boy who never the saw the sun.
*****
While waiting for Miss Reina, Santi and his classmates were in clusters.  Santi was chatting with his new friends, Logan and Sam.  They were talking about their favorite anime characters and how Logan got to see the authentic action figures in Japan.  Santi was fascinated for he wanted to go to Japan himself because of the Japanese anime.
Then the class was suddenly in order when their principal, Miss Divine, came.  All of the boys in school were afraid of her.  She was the type who barely smiled, and if she meant business, she meant business.  
Good morning, Miss Divine! the class greeted in chorus.
Whats good in the morning when you are all noisy just like untamed animals?  The boys were quiet until they sat down when Miss Divine told them to.  Your English teacher, Miss Reina, is on maternity leave and she will be expecting her first born baby soon.  So you will have a substitute teacher.  I expect you to cooperate with her just like how you deal with Miss Reina.  Class, I introduce you, Miss Cielo.
Cielo was no longer timid just like her first day in Amadeus Rizal.  She looked extremely smart and pretty in her dress that some of the boys in class found her interesting.
Good morning, class. Her voice was loud and perky and authoritative.
Good morning, Miss Cielo.
Santi still in awe managed to smile at her when their eyes met.  She smiled back and she seemed excited and happy to be there.
*****
After class, Cielo visited the library to check some of the best books that would help in their reading sessions.  Her high heels tapped on the floor, and she quietly apologized to the librarian for the unnecessary sound.  She tried to carry her feet, trying to minimize the sound of her high pointed heels.  It was something that she had to be used to for she had not worn pointed high heels for a while.  
She chanced upon the Science section.  Science.  It seemed yesterday.  She skimmed the titles of the books until she took out three books with related topics in astronomy.  And one book put a smile to her face.  The title of the book was Beyond Earth and the author was Professor Vincent Fabregas, Ph.D.  It was indeed a thick book with more than 400 pages of text and photos and illustrations of what could be seen beyond the Earths core.  She flipped to the back of the book and found About the Author with Professor Fabies impressive biography and achievements, and his recent photo although he seemed years younger than how he looked in Amadeus Rizals Home.  Cielo wiped a tear, and read the book.
*****
Santi got home jovially after a visit to the Solstice Bookstore where he thanked the bespectacled cashier for the package.  He also could not wait for his parents to come home.  He had some good news to tell.  His Yaya Cecilia met him at the entrance and told him that his mother was waiting for him in the living room.  Surprised, Santi went to the living room while Yaya Cecilia talked to Kuya Ron about homecoming.
In the living room, he found his mother chatting with his new English teacher and they seemed to be enjoying each others company.
Ate! Santi cried and ran to his sisters arms.  
Cielo stood and wrapped her arms round her brother and kissed his cheek like he was still a baby and told him how she missed him so much.
Ate Thielo, are you thtaying? Santi was extremely hopeful and earnest.
Cielo nodded and said, Yes.
Yeth!  Yeth!  Ate Thielo ith home!
Cielo and their mother laughed.  Even Yaya Cecilia and Kuya Ron could not help smiling at the door while hearing Santis uninhibited rejoice.
Lets tell your Dad youre here.  Quiet, please, their mother said as she pressed her phone.
About ten minutes from their home was a private institution for children.  Dr. Nacino answered the phone and smiled upon hearing the news that his daughter was back home.  His wife might have passed the phone to Cielo for he said, Are you staying for good?
Yes, Dad, said Cielos voice on the other line.
Good.  Ill just meet one more patient, and I am going home.  Tell your mother to make dinner reservations in our favorite restaurant.
Yes, Dad.  Ill see you soon.
Dr. Nacino put his phone in his pocket with a glow on his face. 
Dr. Nacino, please follow me, said a woman who was wearing a white lab gown and was holding a folder of files in her hands.  
They stopped in front of a room with a small window so they could see through the room.  Normally the rooms were lit.  But this room was dark, Dr. Nacino could see the blinds were closed despite the light was switched off.
He lost his parents so the patient is still in trauma, said the woman.  He does not want to see the sun so his windows and his lights are mostly closed.  We just open his lights when we need to enter his room.  However, he hides in his what he calls as his cave.
Cave?
Yes, Doc.  He also draws on the walls.  He is a good artist and very imaginative.  But he has some violent reactions when we let a dog visit him which is part of the institutions outreach program.  You know how animals can sometimes be therapeutic to children.
Indeed, Dr. Nacino said, nodding, peering through the dark room, looking for the subject.
He attacked the dog with a pencil.  But when the dog was being sent back, he apologized to the dog and tried to heal its wounds.
Remarkable.  May I go in?
Yes you may, Doc.
Dr. Nacino entered the dark room.  He saw drawings on the wall such as two dots, stick figure of a family, bats, and two versions of wolves.  The blinds were closed, and the late afternoon sun was seeping through the only space that it could get through the blinds.  Dr. Nacino stopped in his tracks when he found a contour of a boy crouching between the bed and the bedside table.  Even in the dark, Dr. Nacino could tell that the young boy looked agile and dark-skinned.
Hello.  My name is Dr. Henry Nacino.  But you can call me Uncle Henry.  You must be Odi.
Odi nodded his head without saying a word.


END




