BOOK ONE:  THE ATLANTIS REDEMPTION SERIES



FINDING ATLANTIS:
PART ONE



SERENITY TWINS
SARA SIMMONS AND LARISA MILLER

Finding Atlantis Part One
Serenity Twins
Sara Simmons
Larisa Miller



Published by Serenity Twins Publishing at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Serenity Twins Publishing




This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your
favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard
work of this author.


We would like to dedicate this book to our mothers:

Evelyn Miller- One of the two best moms in the world.  You inspired us to be creative and always supported our dream to be published authors.  Jesus decided he needed you in Heaven as an Angel.  We know you would be so proud of us.  You were an awesome mom to us both, and you were a part of the original Serenity group.  You will always be missed.  Love you so much.

Diana Brooker- The other of the two best moms in the world, who still inspires us to this day.  Who listens to our stories time and time again while we make continuous changes.  Who has been there for us always, gives us inspiration and lets us talk about our characters like they are real people without getting annoyed.  We love you.

The two of you knew we could do it when we werent even worried about anything past the next hour.  But now here we are showing everyone what we are made of and the journey has just begun.  Being raised by the two of you gave us the strength to step out on our own and do this the way we believe it should be.



THE PROPHECY
In a land, a kingdom called Atlantis, The Fates, decreed that a prophecy would be fulfilled far into the future.  It states this:
There shall come to pass a year in which only seven women will give birth to a child, a male or female.  A child born of each race, who shall together create a whole, the blessed ones, the hopeful salvation of our Kingdom. 
 When these children turn sixteen they will come into their powers and join together to either bring our Kingdom to full glory or be the complete demise of not only Atlantis but also our entire species.
Beware it will be a rough journey for these young children, and it may not be clear who each of them are.  They must be complete to save us.  If the wrong one is chosen or if one is lost, then all is lost.





ATLANTIS

PROLOGUE
It is said that at one time we all lived together in a type of harmony.  Sea people, land people, shifters, suckers, witches, regular humans.  That the Gods were happy with us and that we all seemed to respect the other species and the other races.  But then something changed, and war broke out.  We had to go into hiding.  No longer could everyone share the earth and sea.  Something happened that made humans see all other species of people as monsters.  It started with us, saying something about being able to breathe and live in the water was just wrong, they started killing us off, Mere people, Yawkayawks, Sirens, Jenjus, Mamiwattas, Selkies, and Encantadas.  Thats not even mentioning the many different types of hybrids, such as myself out there.  They made it impossible for us to live anywhere.  
They were afraid of us, afraid of the different abilities we had.  They said they had to start attacking us before we started attacking them.  We were a peaceful species; we didnt like to fight wars.  We just wanted to enjoy our life in the water and on land.  Some of us mated with humans, and our mates and children were being killed off.  It was massacre after massacre.
Finally Poseidon had enough and realized that unless we took out the human race completely were all going to die, so he started making plans for us to do just that.  But most of us didnt want to take out the humans.  Most of us just wanted our peace back.  We had to fight back though we had no choice.  Finally Triton stepped up to his father and said That is enough father.  If you do not stop this nonsense now I will destroy Atlantis all the sea races.  Killing the humans will mean extinction for most of the sea races anyway.  Meres and Selkies are the only races that do not have to breed with humans, what are you thinking?  Poseidons answer was simply to keep humans captive and use them for mating purposes. 
Poseidon refused to stop the war so Triton did exactly what he promised, a Tsunami took out the city of Atlantis, and the main place that we lived, our kingdom was on that Island.  The Island seemed to break apart and sink to the ocean floor.  Everyone on, under, or around the Island, our species and humans seemed to perish in an instant.  
Sure there were other sea people, who didnt live on or around Atlantis, they didnt die, but they had to go into hiding, humans were hunting us, and when they would catch us they would kill us.  Humans became so scared of things that were not like them.  After we were gone, they turned on sucker races, then shifters, and finally started burning witches.  Anything that wasnt completely human scared them.  They seemed to forget all of us were here first.
After hundreds and thousands of years people think of us myths, things that do not really, nor have ever really existed.  People write books about us not having any clue what they are writing about really.  There are Disney movies made about Sea people, or Meres anyway.  Little girls want fake mermaid tails for their birthdays and Christmas.  Its like we were always just something someone imagined.
What would they do if they found out that we did exist, we do exist.  Atlantis was never destroyed, it was moved.  No one has ever seen it because the place where it was moved to is protected.  In fact there is so much talk about this place and how weird things happen there, how its best to avoid this place, planes get lost, ships get lost, and people get lost.  Atlantis was moved to the Bermuda Triangle.  
Our kingdom has been here for thousands of years, undetected.  We have a beautiful city above water, and a beautiful city below water.  Not everyone lives in Atlantis; there are plenty of us who live elsewhere.  A lot of us live around the humans, we still breed with humans.  Some humans actually live at Atlantis with us.  But the human world does not know what we are.  I mean some of them know what we are, our mates, and our hybrid children.  But most of them do not know.  We have all types of hybrids here.  We all have the ability to mate with each other, and until the child is sixteen we never really know which family our hybrid will take after.  Except for the mere-human hybrids, we are Xibaros.  We are the protectors.  
There are still some evil people of our species as well as the human species that know we exist and try to collect and kill us, or collect and farm us.  But for the most part no one knows we really exist.  Thousands of years ago when Triton made this decision to move us, it was because of a great prophecy that said that on a year when only one woman from each race would get pregnant and give birth, our saviors would be born.  Seven children, one from each race would be the redemption of Atlantis.  They would bring us to our former glory; they would keep us from having to hide. They would reunite us with the world that we love so much and have had to hide from.  It is said that people will try to kill these children that if even one of them doesnt make it to their sixteenth birthday, all is lost and we will lose the war we have been fighting for so long to just survive.
It had been so long that no one really believed the prophecy would be fulfilled; people were doubting that the prophecy was ever even written.  I mean what could a group of sixteen year old  kids do?  But there were those of us who just kept waiting, kept passing down the prophecy and kept counting the pregnant women, every year.
Sixteen years ago it happened, first our new Queen announced her pregnancy, and within a few weeks six more pregnancies were announced by the top families of each race.  We had seven pregnant women, one from each race.  No one else was pregnant.  The youngest sea person had been born about a month before the Queen announced her pregnancy, that baby is me.  And the next woman to get pregnant didnt get pregnant till after I turned a year old.
Suddenly things started happening, no one was safe, first our Selkie mothers mate was killed and she was taken and disappeared for years and when she returned she didnt have her baby, then our Siren child was kidnapped and we couldnt find her.  Our Jenju mother was so scared for her childs life that she had someone else raise her in the human world so that no one would find her before she turned sixteen, but our King had a family of protectors placed close to her to make sure she was not harmed.
Our Mamiwatta child was attacked on her tenth birthday, her mother had to leave her so that no one could find her again.  Our Yawkayawk mother was attacked on a family vacation, but luckily there was another Yawkayawk family who was able to help her, she knew then that she had to leave her child and mate if her child would make it to her sixteenth birthday. 
Our Encantada, had mated with a human woman and watched her from a distance, never claiming his child.  She knew who her father was, but never actually knew him.  It was the only way to guarantee her safety from the predetors who want us all dead.
The only children who were safe were the Queen and Kings Child, or children rather.  They had twins; we are not sure which one of them is the savior of their race.  But we have protected them both, they are the only ones raised in Atlantis.  More and more attempts on these childrens lives have been made now that we are weeks away from them turning sixteen.  The twins will be sixteen in days, then the Siren, Mamiwatta, Yawkayawk, Jenju, Encantada, and last our Selkie boy.  Within two months they will all be sixteen and so far we have not lost any of them, in fact they are all on their way here, to Atlantis.
I am making sure that their rooms are perfect for them; I am one of their protectors.  We have a tower that they will all stay in, there are five bedrooms, a living room, kitchen, rec room, each bedroom has a bathroom and then we have a guest bathroom off the rec room in our apartment.  Everyone will share their room with two other people, two of our prophecy children and a protector.  I will be in Diana and Alexiss room.  Heaven will be rooming with Princess Lily and Hannah.  Rikki will be rooming with Prince Liam and our Selkie Boy Cameron.  Shar will be rooming with Emily and Azure.  The fifth room is for our chaperone.  Guess you cant have twelve teenagers living in an apartment alone.  Ms. Flora makes sure that we dont get into any trouble or sneak out of the tower before we are allowed. 
We will all be training together, as protectors we need to train with those we are assigned to protect.  We are all excited because protecting the prophecy children is such an honor and the top two families were chosen for this task.  In fact our trainers are my older brother Michael and Shars brother Dylan, and Rikki is my brother as well, though we have never met.  We did not know he existed until he was accidently kidnapped with our Selkie boy and when Cameron was rescued, he was rescued too and the other Selkies realized that he was a protector and after some research realized he was my fathers son.  Heaven is Shar and Dylans sister. 
In an apartment below us in the tower, Michael and Dylan share an apartment with the educators who will be working with our prophecy children, to teach them about their races, to teach them about the prophecy, to teach them about our history.  We also have a kitchen and dining area, as well as laundry area and training areas in the lower levels of the tower.  The kitchen in our apartment is mainly for snacks and stuff.  We have an entire staff that stays on the lowest level of the tower that handles cooking, cleaning, laundry and stuff like that, though we are expected to keep our rooms and living quarters cleaned ourselves.  However until Cameron turns sixteen none of us can leave the tower once everyone is here.  We have to protect them, we have made it so close, and we cannot lose one of them now.
I am Dakota and I am Xibaro.





DIANA
YAWKAYAWK

CHAPTER 1
Why does it have to be so fancy?  You know I dont like wearing dresses any more than I have to and its my birthday party.  I asked my step mother.  I know she grew up all high society with a debutant ball and all that but its really just not my thing.  
My dad and step mom married years ago and she has been great to me.  In fact they dated in college but Wendy knew that she would never be able to have a child.  She was in a really bad car accident when she was a teenager and it messed her up really bad.  Because of complications from the accident she had to have a partial hysterectomy at nineteen.  
Anyway, Wendy knew my dad wanted children, and even though he told her he would be perfectly ok with adopting or having a surrogate, she told him no when he proposed to her and she broke up with him, saying it just wasnt fair to him to be saddled with a barren woman.  My dad went a little crazy after that and his parents sent him on a weekend trip for their company to the Bahamas, in hopes that between the work and the fun in the sun, my father would snap out of the funk he was in.
While he was there he met my mother.  She was a bartender at a little tiki bar on the beach.  He said as soon as he seen her, he was mesmerized.  She was so beautiful.  He says I look more and more like her every year.  Anyway I guess they had a whirlwind romance weekend.  She was moving back to Australia the next week and Dad was headed back to Louisiana.  Dad said he was in shock when about six weeks later his phone rang and it was her telling him she was pregnant.  
He said she told him that she didnt expect or want anything from him, just didnt feel right not telling him about me.  He immediately flew to Sydney and proposed to her.  They were married right away and he brought her back to Louisiana with him.  From all the pictures and all the things dad told me, they had a happy life together.
But when I was about two years old, we went to North Carolina to visit some family, and we took a trip to Myrtle Beach.  The sky was blue, the sun was shining, and the water was awesome.  I was two and so I took a nap, curled up on my beach towel under the umbrella, while my dad read a book and my mom went swimming, she loved to swim.  When I woke up there were police and lifeguards and coast guards all around.  My mom had died while I was sleeping.
Dad bought the house a few months after mom had passed because he couldnt stand staying in their room anymore.  He never really decorated the house, he just put furniture in the rooms that needed it and called it done.  Before that we had lived in our own wing at my Grandparents house.
Even though we moved out of my grandparents I still saw them every day.  My grandma refused to let anyone else watch me while my dad was at work, so most days dad would drop me off at their house when he went to work in the morning, but sometimes Grandma would come to our house and watch me.  
After about a year in our new house, dad ran into Wendy.  I remember the first time he brought her home to meet me.  I thought she was the most awesome person I had ever met and I never wanted her to leave.  It didnt take them long to realize that they still loved each other and within a few months they had thrown together a wedding and we were a family.  
When dad and Wendy got married she moved into our house and was happy there.  She redecorated our entire house once she moved in.  But I am not sure you can really call it redecorating when it wasnt really decorated in the first place.    
She almost immediately took over anything that had to do with me.  I no longer spent my days with my Grandmother, though I still was there a few hours a couple days a week if Wendy had to meet with a client.  But most of her work was done at home on the computer.  Wendy bought art for people who were super rich.  So she mostly talked on the phone, emailed, or surfed the internet looking for pieces for her clients.  
She didnt have to work, but she enjoys it and was able to make her own schedule.  Wendy would always tell me how grateful she was to my mother for giving her the chance to raise the daughter of the only man she ever loved.  I know my mom and dad loved each other but not in the soul mate kind of way.  They were more content with each other than the crazy intense in love that dad and Wendy shared.   I was glad that she and dad found each other again.
Anyway I usually let Wendy dominate our shopping trips when it comes to clothes because she is highly fashionable and Im just not.  However I do draw the line at most dresses and skirts.  My dad has always had lots of money, but we lived in a small town until a couple of years ago and didnt really advertise his wealth.  
Two years ago we bought an old plantation home that had been pretty neglected after Katrina hit.  It was about an hour northwest of New Orleans.  We had worked hard to get the house and property back to its former glory and then some.  Dad even had tennis courts and an Olympic sized swimming pool put in behind the house.  We had a pond that was great for swimming or boating at well.  But I couldnt exactly train for the Olympics in a pond.  We had a pool house, which used to be a separate kitchen from the house Im told.  The stables were almost completely destroyed, but dad had the good part repaired so that we could keep a couple of horses on the property.  
Diana, this is the first big party we are going to be having in this house, we have worked really hard the past two years, completely redoing the electrical components in this house, and the replacing every damn pipe.  Its time to show this place off to our friends and family.  They are coming to see you turn sixteen and dont you want to show them the work we did?  You worked every bit as hard as your dad and I on this. Wendy says.  Ugh, I hate it when she is right.  My dads family and Wendys family have always treated me like a little princess and are expecting a big blow out for my sixteenth birthday, and I know they are anxious to see everything we have done here.
I have never met anyone from my moms family, though I get cards and gifts from them every Christmas and birthday.  I dont know if its just my family or all of the people in Australia that are obsessed with crocodiles and mermaids, but every card and every present I get from any of them either have a crocodile on it or a mermaid.  I kind a got a thing for alligators and crocodiles myself.  Wendy and dad think Im nuts but I love them.  We have a couple that live in the big pond at the back of our property.  Not the pond I swim in of course that would probably give my dad and Wendy a coronary.  Dad leaves them alone unless they start moving into the small pond closer to the house, then he calls animal control to come get them.  My favorite television shows are Swamp People and Billy the exterminator.  Every time dad has to call someone to pick up a gator I keep hoping to see Billy and Ricky or someone else from Vexcon.    But that never happens and I dont hold out much hope that it ever will.
Fine I give in.  Ill wear a fancy dress and we can have a fancy party as long as I dont have to dress up the rest of the weekend while everyone is here I offer.
Deal Wendy says with a grin on her face that leaves me thinking I have been played.  I dont think she ever intended on actually making me dress up the whole time everyone was here, but she said I should so that she would have something to bargain with.  She really wants me in a fancy dress and to have a fancy party I guess.
The party was still two months away, but when both sides of your family are wealthy influential people, you kind of have to plan things out a little early. So, should we go dress shopping soon, or would you like to have a dress made for the party? Wendy asks.
I think for a minute, if I get one that is made for me, then it should be less painful for me to have to wear; I mean maybe I could at least turn down the ruffles on it.  Dont get me wrong, I dont mind girl clothes, I just dont like dresses and skirts because they limit my movement.  I think we should talk to someone about making me one, I know youre going to spend a lot of money on a dress and if I have some say over what it looks like then Im likely to wear it more than once.  I reply.
Wendy claps her hands together like a little child and her eyes light up.  Ill call Maria right now and see if she can bring some material samples over and her color wheels.  Im so excited Diana, its going to be perfect.  She says as she grabs me and hugs me tight.
So we spent the rest of summer preparing for the party.  I was actually excited about my dress because the way Maria made it, the skirt was detachable so I could take it off and the top and shorts were connected in a summer jumper like outfit.  It was really cute and comfortable and in my all-time favorite color, green.  It made my eyes look super green, and I just got my hair cut in a really cute angle bob.  My party was actually two weeks before my birthday because school was going to be starting and we wanted everyone to be able to come and spend the weekend.  

CHAPTER 2
As family started to arrive from both sides I got more excited.  Everyone went overboard for my sixteenth birthday so there was a table over flowing with gifts on one side of the room and family everywhere.
I dont know how my moms family knew about the party but they all sent gifts and they were put on the table with the others, except for one which said not to open till the weekend was over and I  was alone.  So I put it in my room under the bed and forgot about it for a while.  After stashing the gift, I went out to the pool to hang out with my cousins.
Its Friday and the party isnt until tomorrow night, the plan is for everyone to hang out tonight and us kids are going to order pizza, while the adults go out to a nice dinner and catch up.  Tomorrow we will be preparing for the party and Sunday we will have a late brunch and then everyone will head home.  
Everything was going exactly as planned, the adult left, I ordered pizza for everyone at home, and the younger kids settled in the media room to watch a new movie that just came out, while us older kids headed back out to the back yard.  We had set up a volleyball net and decided to play a game while we waited for the pizza.  It was girls versus boys.  Normally the boys are outnumbered but this year Tia and Carly had their boyfriends come over to hang out and we had an even number.  
I dont know what it is about their boyfriends but I took and immediate dislike to them.  I didnt say anything to anyone but they raised my creep meter.  I was hoping that like all guys the twins dated this past year, they would get boring after a couple of weeks.  This time the twins met twins.  I think that was why they were dating them.  They thought it would be cool for twins to date twins.  Who knows?  I didnt really care, I just hoped they didnt bring them around often, the boys didnt do anything to me, and in fact I never met them before tonight.  But they still creeped me out.
Most of my family lives in other towns, states, even countries.  But the town we moved to was the same town as Wendys sister Molly.  Me and the twins are only about six months apart and we grew up together.  We have always been close.  I heard that the boys moved to town a couple of weeks ago and met my cousins right away.  
Anyway every time one of them gets the ball it seemed they tried to hit me with it.  Maybe it was my imagination but I was never so happy to stop playing a game before.  I love sports.  Im on swim team, play basketball, softball, volleyball, and tennis, anything I can.  In fact that is why we moved.  The School here has more options for me and has held the state record for swimming for fifteen years and I have been training for the Olympics or am hoping to get accepted to Stanford University.
So when Bruce came out and said someone was at the front door I told everyone playing to go to the patio and told Bruce to have the little kids come outside while I got the pizza.  Mark and Mike, the twins boyfriends offered to come with me and help me carry the pizzas.  Since I ordered eight pizzas I was unsure how to turn down the offer, so I just nodded and headed towards the door.
So, Diana.  Youre gonna be sixteen in a couple weeks huh? Mark or maybe it was Mike said.  Im really not sure which is which, they look exactly alike except on has the blackest hair I have ever seen and the other has the whitest blonde hair, but when I was introduced, I had that initial feeling of creepiness and it blocked out who was who.
Yeah, two weeks. I respond.
So are you doing anything special on your actual birthday? Mike or maybe Mark, I really need to figure out who is who here, asks.
Well Carly, Tia, and I usually do something together but we have not talked about it yet, but Im sure we will have a big family picnic with Aunt Molly and everyone else who lives close like we do every year.  I havent really asked my parents. I say
Oh really?  Well maybe we could all do something special the night of your birthday then. One of them says.  
Yeah, maybe. I say off handedly, there is no way in hell is what I actually mean.  I open the door for the pizza man.
Hey Diana, you having a party tonight and didnt invite me?  I thought the party was tomorrow night. Jayden says holding a huge stack of pizzas.
The party is tomorrow night Jayden and you did get an invite, but a lot of my family is here for the weekend and we ordered pizza for all of us hungry kids.  How late are you working tonight? I say.  Jayden and I go to school together and are both on the swim team so we hang out a lot at events.  To be honest I have a bit of a crush on him.
This is actually my last delivery. He says.
Well your welcome to stay and hangout, we are gonna be swimming later tonight. I offer, hoping that he decides to hang around for a while.
Oh, I dont want to intrude on your family time. He says.
I dont know what prompts me to say this but I just feel like I need him there.  Jayden, not everyone here is family.  You know Tia and Carly; they brought their boyfriends Mark and Mike. I say as I gesture over my shoulder to the twins.  So you really should just come in and hang out.
Well, if youre sure?  I can call my boss and ask him to clock me out. He responds.  I just nod at him.  Mark and Mike grab the pizza and head back to the patio while Jayden calls his boss. Hey dad, could you clock me out, that last delivery was to Diana Lewiss house and she invited me to hang out with her and some other people and swim later. I hear him say into his phone.  After a few more exchanges he hangs up and smiles.  Ok, Im good now.
Your dad is your boss? I ask.  
Yeah, my family has owned the pizza place since it opened in the sixties. He tells me
Then why is it called Morellis Pizza?
Well thats because my grandparents opened the place, and my Grandmother was a Morelli before marrying my grandfather and the sauce that they, and we still use to this day, is a secret Morelli family recipe.  He tells me.
Well thats cool. I say leading the way to the patio, where everyone else is at.  
CHAPTER 3
As soon as we walk out the patio door everyone looks up.  Carly and Tia say hey to Jayden and then I introduce him around to all the other kids.  We listen to music and eat our pizza and drink soda and goof off for an hour or so and then the little ones start getting tired, so Tia helps me get them all set up with their sleeping bags back in the media room with another movie.
By the time we get done, everyone is already in the pool or playing around it.  We go into the pool house and change into our suits.  Usually the pool is set up for training but we took all the lanes and everything down for the weekend so that we could use it to play in.
We walk out of the pool house and are headed across the patio by the deepest end of the pool when suddenly someone pushes me in.  I wasnt prepared and I swallowed a bunch of pool water, and as I sink towards the bottom all I can think about is how stupid I look in front of all my cousins and Jayden, flailing around like an idiot who cant swim.  Im a swim champion who plans on breaking the current state record this year, for goodness sake.
So I just swim underwater all the way across the pool.  My nose and throat are burning from swallowing the chlorine water.  I dont know who pushed me in, but I knew it had to be one of the creep brothers.  Not sure how I know, but I just do.
As I climb out of the pool I see that Im right, because Tia and Carly are where I was pushed at, going to hell on the twins.  I head over in that direction to see what happened. What the hell Mike? Tia says.
What?  She is on the swim team, its not like she was gonna drown or something. The one with blonde hair says, so now I know which is which.
What does that have to do with anything? Carly asks, She could have hit her head and gotten seriously hurt, not to mention it only takes a tablespoon of water to drown.  You could have seriously hurt her.  
Calm down, he didnt mean to knock her into the pool. Mark said.  I was throwing the ball at him and he didnt see her and Tia walking behind him.
Tia hands me a towel when she sees me walk up, Mark and Mike both turn to me and said, We didnt mean to knock you in the pool, we were just playing and didnt see you. At the same time.  They looked sincere but something told me they did it on purpose.  I really dont know what it is about them, but the longer they are around the more uncomfortable I feel.
Its fine, just caught me off guard, but really try to watch out because not everyone knows how to swim. I respond.  I look around and see Jayden sitting by himself on the side of the pool watching me.  I walk over and sit next to him.
You, ok? he asks.
Yeah, I swallowed a little pool water and my nose hurts from chlorine water going up it, but other than that Im fine. I tell him
So what was blondies excuse for pushing you in?
Mark said he threw a ball to Mike and that Mike didnt see me and Tia behind him and ran into me. I respond.
Um, I clearly saw Mike, if thats the blonde one; purposely push you into the water. Jayden says.  Honestly there is something about those two that rubs me the wrong way.
So Im not the only one who is creeped out by them? I ask.
No, definitely not. He says
Thanks God, because I was really starting to think I was going crazy.  About that time Tia and Carly came over and sat on each side of me and Jayden.  They said they sent Mark and Mike home and would see them tomorrow. 
Sorry they knocked you in the pool, they said it was an accident but we dont really think it was.  Im sure they werent trying to be mean, probably just playing around and didnt realize that someone could get hurt by them acting like that. Tia said, We thought we would stay here with you tonight, the rest of the kids are staying and we always stay with you on your birthday. Carly adds.
To say I was glad the twins were leaving would be an understatement, I was also glad to hear Tia and Carly were not leaving with them.  Yeah, you know I love it when yawls stay over. I tell them.
Should I go home too, since everyone else who isnt family left? Jayden asks.
No! Carly, Tia, and I say in unison and then start laughing.
So the four of us goofed off for a while then decided to join the rest of the kids in the pool and swim for a bit.  We had been playing in the water for maybe a half hour, when I suddenly had this horrible pain start in my legs, both of them at the same time.  It was like they were stuck together and I couldnt move them.  I was going to drown, here in my pool, the night before my sixteenth birthday party, in front of the entire younger generation of my family, and I am a damn swim champion.  It doesnt get more ironic than that.  I realized that it was not going to stop and I needed some help because I couldnt keep my head above the water much longer when I couldnt use my legs.  
Help! I screamed right before I went under.  I cant get back to the surface, Im in so much pain, it goes from my waist all the way down to my toes, and my legs feel like they are trying to fuse together.  I have never experienced anything like this before.  I dont know what to do, all I can think is I hope someone heard me.  The pain is so bad that I cant even try to look around and see if anyone is coming to help.  My lungs are starting to burn because I have been under for a bit too long and I need air.
All of the sudden I feel arms around me and we go flying towards the surface.  As soon as we break the surface, I take big gulping breathes of air, Jayden just holds me in the middle of the pool until my breathing returns to somewhat normal.  Not exactly how I was hoping to get into his arms.  
What happened?  I heard you scream help and I turned around and you were nowhere to be found.  It took me a minute to realize you went under and that you couldnt get back to the surface.  Im so sorry Diana.
Its ookay. I stutter, trying to breathe right.  Pain. Bad. Legs. Cant. Move. Them. I slowly get out.
Tia, Carly, help me get Diana out of the pool! Jayden yells.  I see my cousins coming to try and help.  But I cant move my legs at all, its like Im paralyzed and they cant move my legs either.  Finally Eddie brings a pool raft over and they get me on it and pull it to the edge of the pool and Eddie, Georgie, and Jayden slowly pull the raft with me on it, onto the patio beside the edge of the pool.
CHAPTER 4
Has someone called Aunt Wendy and Uncle Brad? Tia asks worriedly.  Carly runs and grabs her phone and calls her mom.
Mom, are you guys gonna be here soon, something happened to Diana and we need you guys to get here, we dont know what to do.  My dad must have taken the phone because next thing I hear Carly say is, I dont know what happened Uncle Brad, she was swimming and then screamed and Jayden pulled her up, but her legs wont move, she cant move them and when we tried to, we couldnt either.  I was in so much pain; tears were streaming down my face.
I heard her talking but not sure what was being said.  While she was talking to my dad, Tia and Jayden started rubbing me down with towels.  I found out my dad told her to call 911 and him and mom would meet me at the hospital and please ask Eddie and Georgie to keep an eye on the little ones till the adults could get back.
By the time the ambulance got there, they were able to move my legs a little bit as they put me on the stretcher and loaded me into the ambulance for the ride to the hospital.  Tia climbed in and road with me.  Carly and Jayden followed in his car.  
When we got to the hospital my parents and Aunt Molly and Uncle Paul were already there.  I couldnt focus on anything that was going on, the EMTs had wrapped blankets around me because I was freezing and I was still in my swim suit and it was wet still.
As soon as I got there they took me to a room and the doctor came in immediately.  I was in so much pain I couldnt function.  I vaguely remember the doctor asking my parents if I am allergic to any medicine, and then told the nurse to give me a shot of something for pain, draw blood and get an IV going.
After the nurse left, Wendy and Aunt Molly helped me get out of my swimsuit and into a gown.  It was hard because I still had no control over my legs, but they were not concrete like they were earlier so they were able to move them.  About twenty minutes later while we were waiting on the doctor to come in and give us the results, I started to regain feeling in my legs.  
Dad, Wendy, Tia, Carly, Jayden, Aunt Molly, and Uncle Paul all stayed with me and made frequent calls home to tell everyone what was going on?  I told them I could feel and move my legs again, and the pain was gone completely, in fact I felt normal.  Dad of course wouldnt let me move or get up until the doctor got in the room.  
No one had any idea what was going on with me.  The doctor came in and said that they blood work looked perfect.  So it could be that I had inflammation somewhere that pinched a nerve and he wanted to keep me overnight for observation.  I begged him to let me go home.  I told him I felt perfectly normal and that my birthday party was the next day.  At first he was reluctant to let me go, but told me he wanted to see me walk across the room.  I ran across the room, did a split and a cartwheel almost knocking something over on myself.  He started laughing and said dont damage yourself more just to prove to me that you are capable of walking.  He also made my parents promise to have me seen by my family doctor next week and that if I had any more problems to come back immediately.  We all promised so he let us go.
Tia and Carly hug their parents and tell them they are gonna stay the night with me and head towards my parents car with us.  Jayden gives me a hug and says he is glad I am ok and to text him or call him if I have to come back, otherwise he will see me tomorrow at the party.  Dad shakes Jaydens hand and thanks him for saving me and Wendy hugs him tight also thanking him.
My parents tell everyone we are headed home, so by the time we get there everyone is asleep except Eddie and Georgie.  They give me a hug and tell me they are glad I am ok and after my parents and I thank them, they head off to bed.  Carly, Tia, and I head up to my room and climb into my king sized bed.  We all fall asleep pretty quickly.
That night I had the weirdest dream.  Mark and Mike were in it and they kept tormenting me, trying to throw me in the small pond behind my house.  They kept saying things that didnt make any sense but what it all boiled down to is I was going to die if they had anything to say about it.  They eventually managed to throw me into the pond and I got completely submerged.  
The weirdest thing about this dream is that even though everything was happening to me, it was like I was watching it from above.  It was happening to me, but it was like I was watching it on TV or something.  After a few minutes I did not emerge from the pond, an alligator did.  The terror on their face was unmistakable.  They tried to back away but were not watching where they were going and stumbled over a fallen branch that we use to sit on when we hang out by the pond.  I could hear Mike saying, Omg she changed, she cant change yet.  They said her birthday wasnt until tomorrow.  Tonight was our last chance to kill her before she became  and then the alligator tore him and Mark apart.  All of the sudden the alligator started twitching and I could see it changing.  When it was done, there on the bank by the pond laid a naked girl, she picked her head up and looked around and I could see that it was me.  The alligator just turned into me.  

CHAPTER 5
I woke up screaming.  My cousins jumped up so quickly, Tia ran out the door to find my parent and Carly came over to me and asked if it was my legs again.  She picked up her phone to call 911.  No, Im fine, it was just a dream.  A horrible, crazy nightmare.  I could barely speak because my heart was about to beat out of my chest and I was breathing so hard from screaming.  Dad and Wendy came tearing in the room and I tried to assure them that I was fine, just had a weird dream.  We all chalked it up to the meds they gave me at the hospital.
Are you sure youre ok? dad asks as he takes my hand and sits on the edge of the bed.  Do you think maybe we should take you back in to be checked out again? Wendy asks.
If we do that we will have to call off the party and you know you dont want to do that, not for a silly nightmare. I say to her.
To hell with the party Diana.  I could care less about that when there could be something wrong with you.  Making sure you are ok is the most important thing to me and your father.  Not to mention the rest of our family. Wendy says looking at me like Im nuts for saying anything like that.
Im fine, I do not need to go back to the hospital, and it really was just a crazy messed up dream.  Now everyone go back to bed.  Dad and Wendy hugged me and went to bed telling Tia and Carly to come get them if anything happens.  My cousins fell back to sleep pretty quickly, but I couldnt seem to go back to sleep.  
I know the gift from my moms family said to wait till everyone was gone, but it was the middle of the night, everyone was asleep and I was awake, so I got the package out from under my bed and took it into my bathroom and shut the door.  I locked the door, turned the light one and I opened the package.  Inside the box was a wrapped package and a letter.  Inside the wrapped package was a beautiful necklace that had a mermaid on it.  The tail on the mermaid was a perfect blue sapphire.  I am no expert on jewels but it looked real to me,   but if my moms family could afford something like that why was my mom working in a tiki bar when she met dad?
Like I said before, they are obsessed with Mermaids and crocodiles.  Anyway I pick up the necklace and a feeling that is hard to describe comes over me.  It was like I was wrapped in a bubble of protection and nothing could hurt me.  It also made me suddenly feel super close to my mother.  I sat the necklace down to read the letter and as soon as my body lost contact with the necklace the feeling of protection and the feeling of closeness with my mom went away.  I opened the letter and read.
Dear Diana,
You are about to turn sixteen, a lot of things are going to change really soon and really fast for you and I do not even know where to begin to prepare you for them.  Please make sure you wear the necklace at all times, even if you are in the shower or bath.  But especially when youre swimming.  I need you to know that there are some people out there that are not good people.  People who will hurt you and even kill you if given the chance.  Please be very careful who you talk to and stay away from anyone new who is trying to get too close to you.  I love you so much; I will see you again one day very soon.  
Love,
Your Mother
Serenity
As I read through the letter I was confused by how a necklace was supposed to protect me, and what was it supposed to protect me from.  But when I read the last few words, I was in complete shock.  My mother, but I thought she died, did she write this before she died?  But if that was the case my father would be the one giving it to me.  No this letter could only mean one thing, my mother is still alive and I couldnt wait till morning to find out if my father knew.
I ran out of my bathroom and down the hall to my parents room.  I slammed their door open and yelled, Did you know?  Did you know that my mother is still alive?  Did you hide it from me all these years?  Did you lie to me? by the time I was done yelling I just fell to the floor in tears.
Wendy got up and shut the door and came over to where I was sitting on the floor.  Honey, it was just a bad dream, it wasnt real. She says while sitting next to me and stroking my hair.  I thrust the letter at her.
This wasnt a bad dream. I say.
She takes the letter and reads it, she turns to my father, Brad you better read this. She says taking it to him.  She comes back but you can see that the letter has upset her, she is pale as a ghost and shaking, but she comes back to me and holds me.  Honey dont cry she says. I dont know what is going on but we will get to the bottom of this.  Someone is playing a cruel joke on you.  I dont know what is going on but I swear to you Diana, we will find out what it is and who is doing this. Wendy says to me, tears running down her face.
No one is playing a joke on her, Wendy.  Her mother wrote this, her mother is alive. My father says.  We both just look at him.
What do you mean her mother is still alive? Wendy says, you can tell she is starting to get angry.  Brad I swear if you know anything about this, I will walk out of here right now and you wont hear another word from me, ever.  Ill take Diana with me if she wants to go. Wendy says quietly, but in one of those deadly quiet, like its worse than yelling, voice.
I know her mothers handwriting anywhere.  I do not know how she is alive; I dont know where she has been.  I dont know why she disappeared and faked her own death.  I dont know why she suddenly decided to contact you and let us know that she is alive, but she wrote this.  That I am sure of, and I promise you until this very minute I had no idea she was alive. My dad says and then he walks over to where we are on the floor and wraps his arms around us.
Are you telling me that mom is not buried at that place in the cemetery?  If she isnt, then who is? I ask.
Honey, the casket we buried at your moms funeral is empty.  When your moms body couldnt be found, the coast guard assumed your mom was eaten by sharks because there had been a few sited earlier that day and there was blood from a human in the water.  Another person disappeared at the same time as your mom and umm. they found parts of him.  We didnt want to tell a two year old something so gruesome.  So we never told anyone.  Wendy didnt even know till just now.  I brought you back to Laudroo and we had a regular funeral and buried an empty casket and thats where we have always visited your mom. Dad explains.
Were you ever going to tell me that it was an empty casket? I asked
Honestly honey, no.  I didnt see the point. I guess I understood that.  At least he was honest with me.  I had to respect that. 
Dad, Wendy, and I spent the next hour or so discussing what we were going to about my mom.  After a while I felt exhausted from having such an insane night and I hugged them and went back to bed, we decided to keep this all to ourselves for a little while.  At least for the weekend till everyone is gone and we can breathe again.

CHAPTER 6
We got up and the day seemed to fly by, the party was perfect and everyone had a great time.  Before I even realize it, Sunday brunch is over and everyone is getting in cars to drive home, to airports, or to catch trains.  Tia and Carly didnt go home till later in the afternoon; we made plans to go school shopping the next week and talked about what the school year was looking like for us.  
Not long after they left, the doorbell rang and there she was, my mother.  I just looked at her and then slammed the door in her face.  Wendy came down the stairs and said, What was that about?
My mother is at the door, if you want to talk to her go ahead, Im going outside.  I need air and I cant be around her right now, otherwise I cant be held responsible for my actions. I say as I walk out the back door.  I just stand at the edge of the pool.  Im so angry; I dont even know what to think, let alone what to say to her.
I hear Wendy go to the door and invite my mother in and then call my father to come down stairs.  When my dad comes down it was silence, like I was beginning to wonder if they were alright in there.  Then he just turned around and walked back up the stairs.  Looks like I got my attitude from my father.  I know I shouldnt have gotten any satisfaction from her being snubbed by both of us, but I did get a small amount of satisfaction in it.
Wendy called after him, Brad, Diana is a teenage girl and can get away with walking off in a fit, you however are a full grown man who owes it to your daughter to deal with this situation right now, so get your ass back down here. Or you wont be able to hold me responsible for my actions. Wendy says and I cant help but grin a little.
It must have worked because the next thing I hear is What the hell are you doing here?
Im here for our daughter. My mother says calmly.
Our daughter? OUR DAUGHTER? You have the nerve to say our daughter to me Serenity? I raised her when you died until Wendy came along and since then we have raised her.  I dont know nor care what you have been doing for the past fourteen years, but she is almost sixteen.  How do you call her your daughter when you abandoned her all those years ago? dad shouts.
I didnt abandon her, I protected her. My mother shouts back.  I cant listen to anymore so I head to the back of the property, as Im walking away I hear my dad asking who she was protecting me from and who were these bad people she wrote about and had she spent fourteen years in an institution.  
I got to the big pond at the back of the property and I sat there watching Frankie and JoJo being lazy in the pond.  That what I named the alligators.  They seemed to be curious about me, and they came up to the bank by me and just watched me watching them.  I dont know why I didnt go away, why I wasnt scared.  But I knew they were not going to hurt me.  I knew that they would protect me.  It was a very weird feeling but just something I knew.  I mean I wasnt going to go pet them or anything I wasnt that stupid.  
After sitting there for about twenty minutes, I could feel her approaching me.  Then I noticed that Frankie and JoJo were alerted to her presence.  They looked from me to her and back again.  I could swear they looked at her exactly how they looked at me.  They liked her, they would protect her.  For some reason that made me even angrier it felt like a betrayal. 
Diana, Im sorry that I just showed up like this, but there are things you need to know and if I called first you wouldnt have seen me, your too much like your father in that regard. She started.
I dont want to talk to you. I said
You dont have to talk, you just have to listen. She says.
No, actually your dead, so I dont have to do anything you want. I snap at her
Diana, please I get that your angry, but just listen to me for a few minutes and I will leave you alone till either you ask for me or I have no choice because the danger is too much here. I promise, please? she pleads
All I want to know if what the hell you were talking about in your letter; I say
Fine, we are not actually human, we are a race of water people called Yawkayawk.  What that means is that when we go into water we change from our land form to our more natural form.  Our legs transform into a tail and we can breathe underwater and can swim super-fast and can do so many things I hope to show you one day.  However when we find ourselves in danger we can shift into a different animal.  Each Yawkayawk family has an animal it turns it to; they are not all the same.  Our is the Salt Water Crocodile. She stops for a minute and gestures towards Frankie and JoJo.
Notice how they watch you, they watch you the way they would watch each other.  They know you are similar to them, or can become somewhat like them.  A part of us are the same as them.  They recognize it in you, and you recognize it in them, its why youre drawn to them.
Other families, turn into sea turtles, some into sharks, some into whales, there are many different things that yawkayawk families shift into.  However our family is the head of the yawkayawk family.  My parents represent our race on the Water People council.
I just look at her like she is nuts, I dont know what to say to her.  Pretty soon youre going to start changing when you get into water, thats why I sent you the necklace, as long as you are wearing it you wont change.  You may start experiencing episodes or pain and temporary paralysis in your legs when in water for more than a few minutes.  When you get them, the only way to stop it is to get completely dry.  Once you officially turn sixteen you will fully turn any time you get in water until you learn to control it, unless you wear the necklace.   I know this is a lot to process but you have to understand that youre in danger.  You are part of a prophecy, seven children, one representing each race of sea people will come together and save Atlantis and return our home to its full glory, or they will choose to fight a war that will be the end of Atlantis causing it to break into a billion pieces and eventually wipe out the entire species of water people.  We will all die.
I couldnt listen to another word that came out of her mouth, You are certifiable to you know that?  Leave me alone, do not come back, and do not bother my family, I want nothing to do with you.  You disappeared when I was two, you died and as far as I am concerned you can stay dead. I say as I stand up and head back toward the house.
I am not telling you stories Diana, and somewhere inside you, you know that.  One day you will accept it and you will need me.  When you need me, all you have to do is call me, wrap your hand around your necklace and call for me, I will find you.  But remember, once you turn the first time, all sea people everywhere can track you.  The good ones and the bad ones.  Please wear your necklace, please dont turn until you have had time to realize what I say is true.  I do love you Diana, everything I have done is to protect you and I wait for the day you realize the sacrifice I made to keep you safe.  She says then walks around the side of the house and disappears.  I take a seat on a chair out by the pool and just sit there thinking for a while.
Dad and Wendy come out and talk with me.  I dont tell them what she said.  I dont know why.  Its not that I dont want them to think bad about her, I dont want them to think Im weird.  Some of the stuff she said did explain some things, but Im not crazy.  Im not a damn crocodile.  I just make my excuses and go to bed.  They dont know what to say either and we all just go to bed early.

CHAPTER 7
The next couple of weeks till my birthday pass pretty uneventfully.  No crazy twins creeping me out, no moms coming back from the dead.  I did have the pain start in my legs a couple of times while taking a bath and so I started wearing my necklace when I took a bath or swam.  I didnt have the pain as long as I wore it.  I also did some research on yawkayawks, which took some doing since I didnt really know how to spell it and they are not really well known.  Its not that I actually believed what she told me, its just that some things she said actually happened and I couldnt help myself.  
I also did a little research on salt water crocs.  I learned that contrary to their name, they can live both in salt and fresh water.  Also they look similar to alligators, and not as much like fresh water crocs.  It made me wonder if what I seen in my dream was an alligator like I thought or was it a salt water crocodile.  But honestly if I started thinking that way, I would start believing the woman who lied to me for the past fourteen years letting me think she was dead, so I was not even going to start down that road.
The night before my birthday I decided I would go to the small pond, I knew it was stupid but I couldnt get what she said out of my head.  So after everyone went to sleep, I decided to go.  I sat by the shore until a little after midnight and then I finally got the nerve to go in the water, at first nothing happened. 
 I was really beginning to feel stupid, and then suddenly the pain in my legs started, only this time it was way more intense than normal, and I just realized I forgot to wear my necklace.  I never wanted dad or Wendy to see me wearing it.  I started to freak out because I was going to go under and there was no cute boy to help me this time.  Nothing I can do about it, no one even knows I came out here.  As I sink below the surface and my lungs start to burn, I let go, I figure Im going to die anyway.  A swim star dying by drowning, go figure.  
Instead I start breathing, and then I realize my legs dont hurt any more, and when I look I see they have turned into a tail.  I cant believe it.  She was telling the truth.  I was so excited I just swam and swam, doing tricks and everything else.  This was so much more intense than swimming on swim team.  Eventually I pull myself up on the beach and dry off.  Once my legs come back to normal, I go and sit on the fallen branch we sit on when we are down here and I just think about the discovery that I really do turn into a mermaidish creature.  Its so crazy.  Suddenly I realize I am not alone.  I hear a noise and I look behind me and I see Mark and Mike coming my way.  It has to be three in the morning by now.
As they get closer I see the evil looks on their faces and they are chanting in a language I have never heard before.   Then I remember the dream, and I know they are here to kill me.  When I look at them I can tell they are not quite human, I dont know if its because I fully changed, or because they dont have their shields up as well now, but Im not sure what they actually are.
They back me towards the water, until I fall off the bank into the water, and I try to swim across before I change so I can run, but the pain starts and I get stuck in the middle of the pond, they throw this strange net on me and it drags me down to the bottom.  Im not too concerned because I can breathe down there, so I dont panic at first.  But suddenly they start throwing things into the water and its starts burning me, it hurts so bad that I cant even think anymore.  
I am only partially aware that my body is changing again and its not just my legs, my whole body is shifting into something else.  My brain changes, the way I think is more animalistic and less human, and then suddenly I tear through the net and come barreling out of the water on all fours.  Mark and Mike get a terrified look on their faces and they try to run but they trip over the log I was sitting on earlier.
They scramble up and I expect to see them run off, but there is something behind them, Im so low to the ground I cant see what it is that they are seeing, but they keep looking back and forth from me to whatever they are seeing.  They are terrified by whatever it is on the other side of the log and by what they are seeing when they look at me.
They are talking, but my animal brain cant process what they are saying.  I reach them and I tear into them, one at a time.  Blood spurts everywhere, I can feel the warm stickiness in my mouth, going down my throat and pooling in my stomach.  
Once I know they are both dead, everything starts spinning again and suddenly Im lying on the bank, naked.  I realize that everything my mom told me is true.  My legs do fuse into a tail when I get in water, and I do turn into a salt water croc when I need to protect myself.  My mind is going a mile a minute and it takes me a bit to reorient myself.
I grab my towel and wrap it around my body and turn to look at what I have done.  Then I see what it is that had Mark and Mike so scared.  Frankie and JoJo came up from the other pond.  They just looked at me for a few minutes and then started cleaning up the mess I made of Mark and Mike, and by clean up I mean eat.
Its too much for me, I suddenly get sick and have to bend over and start throwing up and crying.  I run back to my house and go up to my room as quietly as I can.  I dont want to wake dad and Wendy; I dont want to explain to them what happen.  I dont want them to know Im a monster.  I dont want them to see what I have done.  I grab the necklace from where I keep it hidden under my bed, lock myself in my bathroom, and cry.
I wrap my hand around the necklace and say, Mommy, I need you.
I am Yawkayawk!





CAMERON
SELKIE

CHAPTER 8
GO!GO!...YES!...NOOO!!!  I scream.  It was Saturday afternoon and the Cubs were in top game.  I was watching the Cubs totally annilate their rivals, the St. Louis Cardinals. I loved the smell in the summer air, the hazy, lazy, hot stickiness of the weather.  The excitement of the fans.  Being at Wrigley Field never ceased to amaze me.  I eat, breathe, and live sports.  I was a Chicago Bears fanatic; I loved the Cubbies, the Blackhawks, and the Notre Dame Irish.
I hated the Green Bay Packers with a passion.  It was how I was raised with my Uncle Tim.  For as long as I can remember, Ive lived with Uncle Tim, and Aunt Brie.  They took me in when I was a wee lad of two and half years.  I moved to the United States from Dublin, Ireland.  My dad, Richard, was a real jerk.  That was me being nice.
I stayed with my Dads brother yes, but my Dad was a drunk, lazy, and had an excuse for everything.  He was always right too.  He was probably wondering around the streets of Dublin now, mooching off the some poor woman who would be too stupid to realize he was a loser till she was already reeled into his web of lies.  I hung out with my dad on different occasions, and I was not impressed.  He thought giving me an xbox 360 would make up for all those years, and when I asked him if he was trying to buy my love, he called me a little shit.  Go figure.  I was the one wrong, right?
You are probably wondering, well, where is your Mom?  My mom, Trinity, had been beaten up pretty bad by my dad when I was around a year old, and she went out for a swim during a storm, and they never recovered her body.  Kind of hard to drag the Atlantic Ocean.  The St. Georges Channel to be exact.  My moms family is from Scotland, and my dads from Ireland.  My Uncle Tim had moved to the US years before, and met my Aunt who was from Chicago.  I never really knew my moms family, because from what my dad had said, she was in and out of foster homes her whole life, so she was an orphan of sorts.  I felt like an orphan sometimes.  I was grateful for my Uncle though.  They treated me like their own son.  Brie could never have any children due to fertility issues, and after trying invitero five times, they ran out of faith, strength, and money to try to have any children.  I didnt want or need for anything.  
My Uncle had a great job as a city bus driver, and my Aunt was the Principal at my high school.  It was both a blessing and a curse to have your guardian be your principal.  I could never pull one over on them if I got into trouble.  
Lately, it had been quite a bit.  I just didnt know how to shut my mouth, or how to calm my temper.  My Uncle called it the Irish curse.  The temper, I just felt it bubble up, until it exploded.  I have no tolerance for stupid people.  None, nada.  Like the jackass behind us.
This jerkoff kept spitting his tobacco so close to the back of me, I could feel little drops of his saliva hit the back of my neck.  It was so disgusting.  I turned and looked at the guy.  Um, sir?  Could you please spit your tobacco in a cup, and not..uh, right behind me?  I would greatly appreciate it.  I said in my most polite voice.  I even smiled.  Sometimes I was told I could be charming.
You need to sit your little scrawny butt back around a mind ya own business son.  The very inebriated man said, his breath so laden with alcohol, I almost got a buzz off his breath.  He even slurred his words together.
Excuse me? I said.
Oh boy my best friend Rikki muttered slapping his hand on his face.  
I SAID mind your own freakin business beanpole. The gap toothed rude hillbilly said to me.  My Uncle had gone to get us something to drink, so I was on my own on this one.  
You need to first get some tic tacs cuz your breath is kicking, two, layoff watching Duck Dynasty, because the beard on Jace is cool, but on you its pathetic, and three, dont everI meanEVERRRR tell me to shut up, and you really need to not spit your tobacco
I got cut off mid-sentence when the guy just spit me square in the face with his nasty tobacco infused spit.  I wiped the gross saliva from my face, and some burned because it got in my eye.  I saw red.  The Hulk had awoke in me, and there was no going back now.
I grabbed the guy by his Cardinals t-shirt and started punching him repeatedly in the face.   It figured he was a Cards fan! Rikki tried to no avail to separate me from this guy, but it was useless.  All I wanted to see was red blood splatter from his face.  How dare he spit in my face?  How dare he say the things he did?  I was not a punk, nor did I intend to let a grown man bully me at my favorite game of the year!  
CAMERON! my Uncle yelled running up to the commotion that had let lose in area 5 of the ballpark.  Cam let it go.let it go.  My uncles bombing voice calmly but firmly said.  Something about Uncle Tim, hes the only one who can calm me down once I reach that boiling point, and to bring me back to reality.  
A crowd was now gathering, most people cheering because I got the upper hand.  Youre going to jail buddy!  The guy screamed at us.  
Who do you think is going to jail Mr.my nephew who is only fifteen or YOU, a grown man, who SPIT on him, from what I am hearing.  You know that is considered assault in most places  My Uncle said calmly, but with a hint of steel to the man. Mr. Tobacco was shooting me looks of hatred, wiping the blood from his nose.  My Uncle Tim was not a big muscle bound dude, but he could hold his own. He worked out, had a little beer belly, but was a stocky solid dude. He would flatten this scrawny hilljack. 
You need to contain your nephew...uh uh.  The guy stuttered.  
I would get out of here, before security makes their way here, which by the looks of things, are running in this direction.  My Uncle said, in fact he was correct, there was a team of four security men running towards us.  The guy scrambled up the stairs and through the tunnel area.  I never seen someone move so fast.  We need to leave too Cam. Tim said.
But why?  I said.  I saw no reason to leave now.  The jerkoff was gone.  I could enjoy my game in peace.
Dont ask questions.  Get your butt moving.  I grabbed my big Cubbie foam finger and we also hurried through the tunnel.  We dont need the extra attention drawn to us. Tim said.  We rushed quickly out of Wrigley.  Thank my lucky stars there were so many people due to it being the rival game that we were able to get out without the security guys getting to us.  

CHAPTER 9
We had to leave, I think my Uncle couldnt bear the thought of being asked to leave, or kicked out of The Friendly Confines. That was a big No- no. I knew I was in for it when we got to the truck.  What the hell were you thinking?  My uncle yelled at me in the truck.  
He spit in my face Uncle Tim.  I said shrugging.  He deserved every punch he got.  Ask Rikki! I said.
He did spit in Cams face..  Rikki said in my defense, shrugging his shoulders.  His clear blue eyes with a look to me like, I tried, man!
I dont care; I know its hard to contain your anger.  Especially with people like that.  But we were in a public place; a place for all we know couldve televised it on national TV. Tim said What did I tell you about drawing attention to us at all?  Tim asked in a terse voice.  
Not to do it.  I said my head lowered.
You know, I understand Cam.  I really do.  What he did was wrong, but violence is not always the answer.  Also, bringing unwanted negative attention to us is most of all a big problem.  There will be consequences.  Tim said, as he drove down the Dan Ryan Expressway.  We lived in the North Chicago suburb of Berwyn.  Or as people from there say, Berrrrwyyynn!!! Come on, ever hear of Sven Goulie? Oh, well. If youve ever watched second rate horror movies on a late Saturday night, you would know.
Consequencesah shit.  I muttered.  That meant probably no going to Rikkis house for the next week, maybe even no video game time, or as my Aunt and Uncle like to say, no screens, no TV, no tablet, phones, video games, or computers.  This would be the third time I got into a fight with someone.  I had already been suspended from school.  Well, in school suspension.  I told Mr. Turner, my Biology teacher he could kiss my ass, and told Ms. Archer my Life Skills teacher that she was an idiot for teaching us how to use a microwave and that anyone who needs to be told how to vacuum is a complete and utter moron.  She didnt think it was very funny at all; I thought the things I said were funny and true.  I also got into trouble for causing a student protest. We were had a rally stating we didnt like the new school lunches. Why the heck did we get forced to eat healthy lunches? This gluten-free, whole wheat, cage-free crap was for the birds!
I guess the adults in my life didnt share the same views as me.  Rikki did, as well as my on again off again girlfriend, Jenna.  She was a hot blonde that I did not know how the heck I was lucky enough to get. Jenna had legs that never quit a golden tan year round, and gorgeous grey eyes. She was a blonde blonde. Not an out of the Revlon bottle blonde, she had been a blondie her whole life. She was the JV cheerleading captain. She was always dressed in name brand Abercrombie and Fitch, Gucci, Prada, and had Louboutins on her feet on the daily. She said it was my sense of humor and the fact that I looked like a cross between Eminem and Macklemore, my swag so to speak, and the way I dressed. I had a preppy/jock/hip-hop look going for me. I rocked my sports team gear, as well as wear Abercrombie, Arepostale, as well as Polo, Sean John, 7 for all Mankind, etc. I didnt quite have enough money for the real expensive brands; Gucci was a little too much for me. But I had hella game and swag with what I did have, and I guess it worked, because I had the hottest chick in the Sophomore Class.
I was already six feet tall, sandy blonde hair that I spiked, hazel eyes with green in the center, and a pretty nice smile to due to Aunt Brie getting me braces when I was twelve.  These years of puberty sucked beyond anything else I went through in life. Getting wedgies, swirlies, and being thrown in lockers was a daily occurrence in my middle school years. One of my nicknames had been Chicken Little because of my glasses, braces, and I was very skinny at the time. Those were some bleak and lonely years, other than the fact that my mom is dead and my dad a drunk, who abandoned me.  
But it looked like I had won the fight against puberty, because I had started to lift weights with Uncle Tim, and drank protein shakes, and started to fill out muscle wise. I had a 6 pack, as well as guns. I liked giving girls the gun show by flexing my arms. I know, corny, but it seemed to work. I was now one of the most popular guys in my class.  It also helped I was on the football, basketball, and softball teams.  There is not a sport I did not like. I could also swim good, but at our school, swimmers were pansies.  No one took swimmers seriously. I secretly hoped and wished it was not that way, because I could swim super-fast. When I was a kid, Aunt Brie joked I lived in the water, as much as I wanted to go to swim at the pool, and our yearly family trips to the Wisconsin Dells. Im not saying I am Michael Phelps or anything like that. But Swimming at our school was like a death sentence when it came to sports, Swimming just was not cool, not at Morton Conservatory for Lifelong Achievement. I went to an exclusive all year round school for mostly richy kids, but being my aunt is the Principal, I got to go tuition free, and Rikki went due the fact his mom was the art teacher there. I knew I had to quit getting suspended because it was affecting my playing football, and it was also affecting my chances of getting a scholarship to Notre Dame.  I probably already messed that up.  My grades were up to par.  I got straight As.  But Notre Dame was super picky about their applicants.  I knew I had to control this anger. So can Cam still come over? Rikki asked sheepishly.
Tim chuckled, Are you kidding me?  Absolutely not.  Tim said, as we pulled into Rikkis driveway.  You can see each other in school on Monday, that is of course if Camerons suspension is up by then. Tim said sarcastically.
Um, ok, see ya.  Rikki said as he closed the door to the truck.  I waved goodbye as we pulled away.
You need to just go to your room when we get home.  But before that, bring your xbox 360, your tablet, and your smart phone and leave them on the kitchen table.  No screens for you young man.  Tim said, clearly pissed off.
Yes sir. I said.  I was not about to argue with him.
Why couldnt we just have a nice time together? Tim said in a frustrated voice.  
Im sorry, okI just.I just dont know what comes over me Uncle.  I said biting my nails.  It was a horrid habit I had when I was stressed out or bored.  We pulled into our brick bungalow.
You will have all evening and weekend to think over your impulse problems.  We dont punish you for fun Cameron.  We do it for your own benefit.  I dont want you to make the same mistakes your father did.  Tim said a little softer.  He patted me on the back.  If you need to talk.  Ill be in the den.
I settled down in my room, after bringing everything that kept me from being bored down. It was normally my haven from everything, just to sit and ponder. I had everything decorated in Chicago Blackhawks even my bed sheets and posters. Everything was red and black.  
I was just thinking.  Did my dad ever think of me?  Did my mom think of what would become of me if she committed suicide?  I think I missed my mom the most.  Shes the one I always thought most of.  The one everyone said I was a mirror image of, from what they can remember, except I was a boy version of her. 
I had one picture of where I was a year old.  I was smiling so big, and she had a beautiful smile on her face.  She had long flowing sandy blonde hair with curls, and green eyes. She was what people would call a bit thick, not too much.  But very curvatious and had dimples.  I didnt look anything like my dad.  I was glad.  I hated him.  He didnt really care about me.  In the midst of my thought, I feel asleep.

CHAPTER 10
My Sunday pretty much sucked. Uncle Tim had me cut grass, trim the hedges, pull weeds, and help him change oil in the Ford Escape. I was taking out the last of the trash, when Aunt Brie approached me. Hey Cam.  She greeted me. 
Hey Aunt Brie. Whats up? I said. 
I was just wondering how you were doing after yesterdaysumevents so to speak! She said looking at me. 
I guess I am ok. I feel crappy about losing my temper again. I said. I really was mad at myself. I needed to control this. No way in the world would I get through college, or get to do anything professionally so to speak if I was always getting in fights. 
We all make mistakes, Cam, its whether we learn from our mistakes, and what we do after that. I know you have not had the best track record at school recently, but I really think you are doing much better. I agree you should have had better control over your temper yesterday, but I do understand being upset with someone spitting in your face. That is a violation of your personal space, as well as considered a type of assault. I would consider that an assault if another student had spit in their classmates face. It is assault with a bodily fluid. But you can learn from this. Take this experience, and grow wiser, not weaker from it. Aunt Brie said wisely. 
She always knew the right thing to say. Where Uncle Tim could calm me down, Aunt Brie could rationalize everything for me. I loved that in her! Aunt Brie was what I liked to joke as a munchkin. She was 411, with short pixie cut auburn hair, and freckles, and I always sang the song from The Lollipop Guild in the Wizard of Oz. They say dynamite comes in small packages. It was our little joke back and forth. She pretended she got mad, but she loved it when we played. Aunt Brie gave me a kiss on my forehead. She had to get on her tippy toes, but she got a peck in anyways. She smiled and walked away.

I was officially ungrounded.  My week of no friends houses and no screens was done.  I had plans to go to Zero Gravity in Napierville with Rikki, his girl Neveah, and my girl Jenna.  It was an exclusive teen nightclub. Saturday nights DJ Neon was spinning on the ones and twos.  We were going to party it up.  Lots of kids got into popping mollys and drinking, but I couldnt stand alcohol or drugs after seeing what alcohol did to my dad. 
The week at school dragged by.  Friday we played against Cicero North and won thirty-six to twenty-four.  I was back up quarter back due to me being a sophomore, but I was gunning for that spot.  JC Brown was our quarterback, and was trying to get a scholarship to Florida State.  But I was hoping for my shot too.  I need to be seen by next year at the very least for consideration by Notre Dame.  
My goal in life was to be a professional NFL player, and have hot cheerleaders rooting for me.  I wanted to have a hot rod convertible, and a beautiful condo on Lakeshore Drive in downtown Chicago.  I wanted my dad to come find me and beg for my forgiveness, and I would throw him a few grand and tell him to stay gone.  
I would make sure Uncle Tim and Aunt Brie never wanted for anything again, even though they had been pretty great at getting everything in my world.  But I wanted Tim and Brie to sit back and take it easy.  Their whole lives they were running with no breaks.  Maybe if I made it big they could enjoy the small things in life.  I wanted to give back to them for all they sacrificed for me.

CHAPTER 11
Hey baby! Jenna yelled at me as I sat on my front stoop of my house.  
Hey there gorgeous! I said smiling my make my girl melt grin.  She ran up and kissed me lightly on my lips.
So are you ready to par-tay?  She asked me flipping her long blonde hair over her shoulder.  
Heck yea baby. I replied.  She looked so hot.  She had a baby doll blue dress that made her blue eyes pop even more.  The girl was a little on the skinny side but she was so beautiful in her face, it made up for her being flat chested and lacking in the booty department.  But she had what I liked to call an athletic frame.  She worked out at the gym, had abs, and had a nice tight round behind.
I am a guy though.  Thats what we think about.  Girls, breast, butts, and beer.  Or so I am told by my Aunt.  I know I am constantly thinking about hot chicks, hence the Sports Illustrated swim suit model poster hanging in my room along with the Luv a Bulls Cheerleader poster.
Are you ready to go yet, Cam? Jenna asked kissing me. Um, NOOO, I was too busy playing Call of Duty with Rikki. I was trying to beat his kill streak. Time totally got away from me. I am so sorry baby! I said sheepishly. Well, I will forgive you this time if you PROMISE you will wear that awesome shirt I bought you last week. Jenna said, snuggling her way under my arm. Of course, I didnt mind! 
You got it ,baby I cooed kissing her forehead. I happened to be a lady killer in the new Ralph Lauren Polo shirt in the Notre Dame Irish colors, and the new pair of Abercrombie Khacki shorts. I was finishing up the ensemble with my new Jordans. I was killing it in this gear!
I love you Cam, you are so sexy babe. Jenna said kissing me again. Thanks, so are you. I said, my eyes traveling up, then down. She looked smoking hot! With that dress, with Silver Jimmy Choo heels. She looked like a supermodel to me! She had a glow to her sun kissed tan skin. I was in awe of her beauty. I shivered when we kissed again.
Yes baby.  I said.  I had spoiled this girl; I always bought her flowers, spent time with her, etc. Uncle Tim said Happy Wife, Happy Life. She wasnt my wife, but the concept still applied! Lets go get that outfit put on.  My man is going to have the hottest swag in the club tonight.  Jenna said grabbing my hand and leading me in my house.  I rolled my eyes and smiled at Uncle Tim, he grinned back.  The things men do to make their ladies happy!
The club, when we got there was packed.  We waited outside in the sticky, humid Chicago night air for close to an hour to get in.  It got a little too loud, but I was enjoying how close Jenna was dancing next to me.  Rikki and Neveah were dancing next to us.  Since we were fifteen we had to be dropped off, but at least we got to come to the club.  I loved living in a city like Chi town.  Most kids in the country didnt get to even come to clubs till they were eighteen or some places even twenty-one.  I was fifteen going on sixteen very soon and I was enjoying a life of a young adult.  
I glanced over the crowd and I saw someone I did not really want to ever see again.  It was Yuri Chesoski.  He was like, my arch nemesis. I mean, if I were to be Batman then he would be Joker. He always greeted me with a punch to the face.  We were in kindergarten together.  He hit me with the wooden blocks.  All throughout school he bullied me, took my lunch money, and threatened to beat me to a bloody pulp if I told on him.
One day, I just got tired of him beating up on me, and I turned the tables on him.  He stopped messing with me, but there was something sinister about his personality and demeanor.  Like he had it out for me from day one. 
He looked right at me and his beady little eyes and smirked an evil little smile.  It made goose bumps appear on my arm.
You ok, babe? Jenna whispered to me in my ear.
Yea, Im great hon.  I said, dancing even closer to her.  Her perfume plus her pheromones had me hypnotized.  I was so crazy for this girl.  I totally forgot Yuris crazy self and concentrated on the gorgeous blonde in front of me.
We left at closing time, and headed outside.  Rikkis older brother Maxx was going to pick us up.  Max was nineteen and was in charge of Rikki this weekend.  That meant we could do pretty much whatever.  We were going to IHOP and then Jenna and Neveah were going to go to Jennas house, and we were going to Rikkis. Us guys were going to stay up playing Call of Duty Black Ops 2. It would be an amazing end to a great weekend. We were walking out the door with a group of kids, and I was holding tight to Jennas arm so we wouldnt get separated.  Babe, I am going to the ladies room real quick, Ok? Jenna said to me. Hurry back quick! I said to her. Hey Cam.  I heard Rikki approach me. Hey, ready to go? He said. I am just waiting on Jenna, where is Neveah? I asked. In the girls bathroom. He said. I laughed, Thats where Jenna is. I swear we spend half our time with our ladies with them in the bathroom. What exactly do girls do in the bathroom all that time? I joked. Thats one of the mysteries of the universe, my friend! Rikki joked. 
Hey, zopasnik! I heard a familiar Russian voice.  I turned to see Yuri with the evil sadistic smile on his face.  You heard me you little piss ant.  I am talking to you Duck Boy.  Quack quack.  Does your little girlfriend and your stupid friend here know you are Donald Ducks nephew, Hewey?  he laughed.
What is he talking about? Rikki asked with a confused look on his face.  I gritted my teeth.  Ever since Yuri had known me in kindergarten, the kid had repeatedly made fun of me for my feet.  When I was seven I had surgery to remove webbing between my toes.
I was Aunt Bries ducky.  That was my nickname.  That is, till Yuri had the whole class quacking at me.  I cried all the way home, asking why I was different from the other boys and girls.  Aunt Brie sat me down and said , Cameron, God made you that way because you are special.  You were made that way because God wanted you that way.  Everyone else is just boring, and you are fun and interesting!  Then she gave me a hug and a kiss, and sent me out to play.  But she did go ahead and get the simple surgery to make my feet normal.
Hes talking crap Rikki.  I said.  Dont listen to him, hes a bully.  Hes just mad because I finally beat him, and he can no longer threaten me or scare me. I said to him, the cool air wrapping around us like a coiled snake. A big black van screeched to a halt in front of us.  A masked man in all black grabbed Rikki, he hollered out at the top of his lungs. Then someone grabbed me. Help!  I started to kick and punch the man.  I didnt take all those years in karate and jujitsu for nothing.  Yuri came up behind me and put a cloth over my nose, and the world faded to pitch black.

CHAPTER 12
Wake up! I hear as ice cold water is poured over my face.  I yell because it burns, its so cold.  A middle aged Russian man who looks eerily similar to Yuri is standing over me with a foul look on his pinched looking face.   His oily black hair is slicked and thin lips are in a straight line.  The man looked like he had just got done eating a dozen sour lemons. Wake up seal boy!  Today is the day you make me a very rich man!  Who knew a seal boy could be worth so much money? He said, cackling a sick horrible laugh.  
Seal?  Are you high?  I said.  He slaps my face so hard.  
I am never going to learn am I?  I just cant seem to keep my mouth shut for two seconds.  I cant understand why Yuri said duck boy last night, and today whoever this guy related to him is, is saying something about a seal?  They have to be on something.  I didnt get it.  Yuri at least made some sense, being that I did have webbing between my toes as a child.  But what was he talking about?
You are a boy who turns into a seal.  A seal boy.  How hard to figure out?  The man said in a thick Russian accent.
Um, last time I checked, I was all human.  Also, all male as well.  Wanna check for me again? I spouted off.  That earned me another slap that made me see stars.  I was going to get myself killed with all my smart comments.  I was my own worst enemy.
Ok, then tell me, why havent I changed into a seal if thats what I am? I asked who I am referring to as Crazy Russian Dude.
You have not reached your sixteenth birthday.  After that, its all over for you.  You go into the sea, you will become a seal.  You will not be able to return unless you come back on full moon.  You also can get stuck on land if you leave your coat.  The man explained.  You have never been told you are Selkie? Crazy Russian Dude questioned.
Selkie?  Uh, no.  You are crazy.  You are on drugs.  I am Cameron O Brian, and I am from Dublin Ireland originally, my mom is from Scotland, shes dead, my dad is in Ireland, he might as well be dead.  But I am nota .Selkie is it? I said arguing with him.
Well it matters not to me if you are or not.  All I know is you have very powerful bounty on your head.  My Yuri and I are collectors of creatures, of the magical variety.  We deliver to whoever pays top dollar.  I had a mermaid I delivered last week.  Now a Selkie?  How lucky am I?  My Yuri told me, Papa, I know of a Selkie who lives among us.  I knew I had to get you for this collector.  He was very excited to know of you.  The more he knew, the more excited he got.  I asked for an exhorbant price for you, and hes paying without so much as a blink.  Whoever wants you must want you very, very badly!  He said, rubbing his hands together smiling as he paced back and forth.
I was trying to assess the situation.  How could I get my arms and legs out of the restraints? They had me bound with handcuffs attached to chains that were attached to the floor on a pole. I was not going anywhere by the looks of things! This had to be a bad nightmare.  Wake up, Cameron, wake up!  I commanded myself.  I waited, and realized, this was reality.  This guy and Yuri had drugged me with chloroform, and kidnapped me and Rikki. RIKKI!
Where is Rikki?  What did you monsters do to my best friend? I yelled.
Oh, dont get your boxers in a bunch, we brought him along so you wouldnt be lonely! See, my luck seems to get even better, Crazy Russian Dude bragged, Seems to be, your buddy Rikki is also a creature that is worth value! He is a Xibaros. He stated matter factly. A Sha whatta what? I very curiously asked with a weird look on my face. I mean, first I am a seal, or a Selkie, I guess. Now this guy is saying my best friend is a She borrows or something. What the hell that means, I have no idea. 
A Xibaro.  A half breed, you know half mere and half human.  Have you lived under a rock your whole life, has no one told you nothing? Crazy Russian Dude says shaking his head in dismay, You, my friend, are a full blooded Selkie. Your friend, who is restrained in the other room, is a half-human, half- water creature. Their names are Xibaro. They are not worth quite as much as a full blood, but still worth picking up.  I dont really care what they do to you after I get my money. Good riddance to bad rubbish. The man said, laughing an evil sadistic cackle.
You guys really are monsters.  I said, glaring at him.
You do what you have to for survival and for your family. The man said as he got up right into my face.  Stupid, stupid seal boy.  You have no clue of what you are capable of when you are an adult.  You might do worse than I ever had if the opportunity presents itself. Crazy Russian Man said. 
I didnt care how bad things would get in my life, I dont think I could ever be this evil or heartless enough to kidnap innocent people and sell them to the highest bidder.  This guy had some nerve.  I just ignored him.  So when do I leave?  I asked.  I was hoping to get some more information squeezed out of him.  
Very soon, I just got a text from The Collector..  the man answered, looking at his cellphone. 

CHAPTER 13
BOOM! A big noise came from the door as four more masked people, this time masked in dark grey color, wearing outfits similar to what people on ski boats wear, the outfits, but with masks covering everything but their eyes, nose, and mouth.  One of the mask men ran in a started going hand to hand combat with the Russian man.  For an old dude, he fought pretty badass.  I was impressed.  The other masked guy was searching around for something, and one started to remove my handcuffs, as well as removed the chains. I flexed my wrists and stretched out my tall lanky frame.
I dont know who the heck you are but thank you! I exclaimed happily.
Shut up! the person said in a female voice.  My mouth dropped.  I thought all these people in here were men.  The one fighting the Russian finally knocked him out cold, and retrained him with the same handcuffs that had just been removed from me.  Come the girl grabbed my arm and dragged me out of the building.  I had been in some warehouse near the wharf on Lake Michigan.  I got ushered into a sleek black Cadillac Escalade.  
Was I being kidnapped again?  Were these the actual bad guys and had they double crossed the Russians to get me for free so they wouldnt have to pay up?   Or were these the good guys?  I was so confused! The people took off their masks one by one.  I didnt recognize any of them.  All were pretty good looking people.  Two guys and two girls.  The girls were smoking hot with gorgeous long hair; one was strawberry blonde, and the other a dark brown with auburn highlights.  The guys looked like Abercrombie models.  So I was a pretty decent looking guy, but these guys beat me in the looks department hands down. Like, Greek God Status, as the girls in my school would say to describe most movie stars and actresses.  You are probably wondering who we are.   The one girl says to me.  I must have had the, what the hell, look on my face.  
Gee, how did you guess? I said, sarcastically.   First things first, are you for or against me?  Am I being sold to the highest bidder? I said.
The girl smiled and chuckled.  Oh no, Cameron.  We dont do that to family.
Family? I managed to croak out, my eyes wide.
Yes, family.  The girl repeated back.  You are part of our Selkie family.   We got a distress call from you Uncle Tim, and we figured out who had kidnapped you, and got you before he could. She said. by the way.  My name is Richelle; I am friends with your mother. She said holding out her hand for me to shake.
You mean you WERE friends with my mom.  I said back.
No, we ARE friends.  In fact, we are best of friends.  Thats why I came along.  I usually dont do these types of things, but I have been on land for an assignment, and so I told her I would go.  She is safe. She said
You must be playing with me, and its not cute! I said yelling.  My mom drowned,  I was two and a half.  I said.
I assure you, Cameron dear, your mother, Trinity, is safe and sound.  No thanks to that horrid, evil man, Richard. She said, shuttering.  He stole her, HER coat, so she could not come back to us, and held her captive for three years.  He killed your father, and held her captive, and God knows what else.  She finished, her eyes filling with tears.
What do you mean, killed my father? I said, with my voice raised. Richard is my father, hes a deadbeat, but still my father! 

CHAPTER 14
She shook her head no.  Richard is not your father little love.  Your father is a man named Nico.  He was a kind loving man, unlike Richard. Your mother and father loved each other from the time they laid eyes on each other. Everyone knew Trinity and Nico were soulmates, and no one could break them up.   Richard saw your mother Trinity and a group of us Selkies dancing in the moon glow on a full moon.  We had come to dance on land like we did in the summer time. Oh, I remember all the fun times we had! Your Mom and Dad looked so gorgeous dancing together, holding each other tight. He became obsessed with the beautiful and stunning woman that is your mother Trinity.  He swore he had to have her.  He came every night, till he saw us again on another full moon, and again and again till he figured out the pattern.  He decided he was going to remove the threat of your father, so he could have Trinity all to himself.  He read some stories about creatures named selkies and if you took their coat, they couldnt return to the water." 
"So he took and burned your fathers coat, it killed him.  We watched him burn.  He screamed a wail that will haunt me forever.  He was not burning physically that we could see, but he was dying from the flames, it was his coat burning.  We all knew we couldnt do anything to help him.  So we grabbed our coats and ran and escaped.  I realized once we were to safety that Trinity was still gone.  We couldnt find her!  It was then I realized that sick bastard had her!  We thought she was gone.  I mourned the loss of your father, your mother, and you.  We knew she was five almost six months pregnant with you.  We had no idea what would become of you both.
A few years go by, and Trinity appears out of nowhere.  She was badly bruised, but alive.  She was very upset and crying that she had to leave you behind, because she didnt have a coat for you, that was given to you by an elder at birth.  So you had no safe way to return to the water with your mother.  She claimed Richard had a kind brother and wife in the United States and had begged them if anything were to happen to her, that they would take you in. Tim had known about Selkies due to Richard. One night, the two brothers were hanging out drinking beers, and Richard said to Tim. Hey, how would you like to see something that will blow your mind? Tim, of course, was interested. Richard took him to spy on us on a full moon. Tim was mesmerized. He couldnt believe what he was seeing. Then one year, Tim and Brie came for the holidays, and he remembered her dancing. No one could ever forget your mothers dancing. She had people hypnotized without even trying. So when Tim recognized her, Richard told him they had fallen in love, and she chose to stay on land. When she told Tim of Richards imprisonment, he was very angry at his brother, and swore if there was anything he could do to make it right, that he would help her in any way necessary.   She has set a plan in motion to be sure you were ok.  Richelle said.
But how did she get her coat back? I questioned.
The bastard hid it!  He had it locked in his safe.  One day, he got so drunk, he left the key.  While he was passed out, Trinity took her coat out and hid it.  She waited till he got good and drunk and waited for him to pass out again so she could drop you off at the neighbor ladys house.  But after dropping you off, she goes home to find Richard wanting her to spend time with him.  She is forced to be with this man, mind you, she has pretended and made him believe she cares for him, and he is so delusional he honestly cant count to figure out you are not his child.  
She lays down by him till she thinks he is asleep.  Trinity slowly sneaks off to her hiding spot and grabs her coat.  When she realized he was faking being asleep, it was too late.  He started violently attacking your mother.  He beat her up badly.  But Trinity is tough, and she gave her share of hits and licks to him as well.  
He finally passes out cold.  Trinity runs for it, and is gone in a flash.  Your mother never killed herself.  She was escaping that psycho, and made sure you did NOT get raised by that horrible man.  His brother Tim and his wife Brie have been taking amazing care of you over the years.  We know, weve been watching.  We also had to find someone to make you, your very own coat to come with us.  She slowly pulled out a coat.
Its a beautiful pelt of some sort of animal.  It is soft, thick, and gorgeous.  This is mine?  I said, admiring it.
Sure is.  It is attached to you, so it is very important.  Anything happens to it, happens to you. If it is destroyed, well you know.   When you are in the water, it is a part of you, when you are on land, it must be treated like a precious diamond.   Thats not all Cameron.  You cannot go back to Tim or Brie now.  The people who wanted you know where they live.  They also know everything about you.  We also have news about your friend Rikki. It is a small world. Rikki is also part of our world. He is a a  
A Xibaro. I cut in.
How do you know? Richelle said with a look on her face.
Weird dude that kidnapped me was telling me I am Selkie, and Rikki is a half-breed, that Sha what a bar o! I said. Richelle chuckled lightly. 
Something like that. She said. But Rikki also has family in Atlantis. Some family who has been patiently waiting for him to discover who he really is. 
Where is Rikki, by the way? I questioned. I looked around.
Rikki was rescued by our other extraction team. We wanted to make sure there were no mistakes. We extracted you at the exact same time. He is being transported the same as you, to our final destination. Richelle continued smiling at me. And that would be? I said
I am getting to the point, Richelle said, patting me on the back.
Its about time, I muttered. That earned me dirty looks from everyone except Richelle, and she had seemed like the tough one at the beginning! 
You are a very special boy, not only are you a Selkie, you are one of the seven who will either be the savior of our water race of people, or you will be one of the seven that is the ultimate demise of our people and will ruin us.  We are the Kingdom of Atlantis! Richelle said excitedly, her big grey eyes animated and sparkly, her arms outstretched in excitement.
Atlantis?  Like Little Mermaid Atlantis, like Milo in Atlantis? I said.
No, not the fluffy Disney Atlantis. The Real Deal. You will see soon enough. We will be there soon. You and Rikki will be eating a celebratory dinner welcoming you to our world! She said excitedly. 
Ay yi yi..  I mutter.  I am either losing my mind and I am enjoying this alternate reality in the Twilight Zone, or.
I am Selkie!?!?!






HANNAH
SIREN
CHAPTER 15
Being almost sixteen, a mixed girl, and in foster care in Detroit Michigan was a very hard life to live.  I was always saying once I turned eighteen and got out of the system, I was going to leave and never look back.  I couldnt wait for that day to come.  I was counting down.  Seven hundred and forty seven days till I turn eighteen.  
I have been in seven foster homes in my life, according to my file.  The last one was by far the worst.  I was one of those abandoned babies, you know the ones where you can drop your kid off at the hospital, police department, or wherever, no questions asked, no judgments made.  Yeah, right.  You know whoever my mother handed me to was judging her hard.  I was actually given to someone at a fire department.
My file says that my mother handed me over to someone at the fire station a couple hours after I was born and never returned.  I dont know anything about my parents except that my mother is Caucasian and my father is some form of African American.  When she left me, she didnt tell anyone anything.  Just handed me over and walked off, never looking back.  
Sometimes I wonder if I will ever meet her, and what I would say to her, if I did.  Was she a drug addict like some many parents I see out there?  Was she a teenager?  Did she just not want a baby and find out too late to have an abortion?  Did she ever tell my father that I existed; did she even know who he was?  Sometimes when Im walking down the street I see someone with hair and a build like mine and I wonder if its her.  
I know that everyone thinks that if youre put into the system as a baby, that you get adopted out.  You know because so many people want babies and all.  But when I was born, the big thing to do was adopt kids from third world countries.  I mean there were so many unwanted babies here in the United States, hell I was one of them.  Why did we need to go to another country to adopt one?  
Thats like my biggest pet peeve.  All these commercials to help sick, homeless, orphaned, and hungry kids in other countries, but yet we have tons of sick, homeless, orphaned and hungry kids right here at home.  I am not saying we shouldnt help others, Im saying we should be worrying about the ones in our country first, because you dont see people in China watching commercials asking them to donate to feed, clothe, and home the kids here in the states.  Take care of your home before you take on someone elses, thats all Im saying.
I have almost been adopted twice, but the first family who wanted to adopt me, found out I was half black and they changed their mind.  They said when they saw me, I looked white.  But I didnt get any color to me till I was closer to three years old.  So until they read my file, they assumed I was white.  This family that was going to adopt me lived in small town USA somewhere in Ohio I believe.  
The second couple changed their mind because I wasnt black enough.  They were this rich couple who wanted to look like they adopted a kid from an African Country without actually having to go through the process of adopting a kid from an African country.  They were not adopting because they wanted a baby to love, they were adopting because it would make them look like good charitable people.  People like that make me sick.  I guess they wanted to be the Angelina Jolie before Angelina adopted an African baby.  At least she had a reason for it, being an Ambassador and actually working where she adopted her children from.
So like I said I have been in seven different foster homes, most of my moves were not because of my behavior, but because I aged out in those homes.  What that means is, these homes were set for kids up to a certain age and I got to old and had to be moved.  I moved at a year, at three, at five, at six but thats because the foster parents lost their license, at nine, and now twice in the past year because I was aged out at fifteen, and the home they put me in was very abusive.  
I mean I have been in a few abusive homes, but mostly it was verbal abuse, or slaps.  That kind of thing you get used to being a foster kid.  I mean most foster parents are doing it for the money.  They treat us like we are trash, like we are disposable.  But I mean really we are disposable, if we get moved another foster kid will just fill up our place.  But the last home they had me in, this place was far worse.  The foster dad would punch, kick, hit us, whatever and if we ended up in the hospital he would lie and we were so scared to tell the truth that we just went along with his lies.  
But one night he got really drunk and he started ranting and raving and our foster mother had enough and she just walked out.  Left us there with him.  We didnt know what to do, so we just tried to go to bed.  There were four of us in that home.  I was the only girl there so I had my own room, and the boys, Travis, Donta, and Marcus all shared a room.  Travis was only about seven years old, but Donta and Marcus were fifteen like me.  
Anyway Mr. Marslough came down the hall beating on the doors ordering us all down stairs.  So we went down there as fast as we could, trying to avoid as much punishment as possible.  He started yelling about how it was our fault that his wife walked out on him and if she wasnt back in the morning he was going to make us pay for it one by one.  We were so scared.  
Travis started crying, and not in a loud kind of way.  Just tears streaming down his face.  I mean hes a little kid for goodness sake and this was his first foster home.  Mr. Marslough caught him crying and backhanded him so hard that Travis flew into a chair and the chair fell backwards.  I didnt stop to think, I should have known better.  But I ran to Travis and picked him up in my arms and checked him over real quick to make sure nothing was broken.  He was crying so hard, and I just held him tight to me.
Mr. Marslough told me to put the baby down; it was time he learned to suck it up.  I refused to let him go and so Mr. Marslough came at me and tried to rip him away from me but I wouldnt let go.  I held on to Travis for dear life and I turned around so that Mr. Marslough couldnt get his hands on him.  He grabbed me by my hair and was trying to pull me back, but because he was so drunk he wasnt very steady.  Finally I let Travis go and told him to run out the door and dont come back without the police, to knock on a neighbors door till someone called 911.  
Travis ran, but letting Travis go gave Mr. Marslough enough momentum to pull me down by my hair.  He then jumped on me calling me all kinds of horrible names, and started punching me in my face.  Donta and Marcus tried to stop him but he elbowed Donta in the face breaking his nose, and shoved Marcus down.   Then he started trying to rip my clothes off, he said he knew I was giving it up to Marcus and Donta so I better start giving it up to him.  
I was so freaked out, I didnt know what to do, and tears were streaming down my face.  He ripped my shirt in two and got my shorts pulled down to my knees. The only thing covering me was my bra and panties.  I was humiliated because my foster brothers had to witness this attack.  Donta and Marcus kept trying to help me but he kept shoving them back and when he knocked Marcus down the second time, Marcus hit his head on the table and blood started pouring out everywhere and Marcus was no longer moving.  I thought he was dead.  
Donta was momentarily shocked and Mr. Marslough took that opportunity to pulls his pants down and attempts to sexually assault me.  But Donta jumped on him and knocked him backwards, he then slammed Donta into the wall and came back at me, he jumped on me and at that point I knew there was nothing I could do to stop him from violating me.  Just as I finally was ready to give up the fight, I felt someone yank Mr. Marslough off of me.  I heard static and people talking.  Travis had done exactly what I told him.  He left and he came back with the police.

CHAPTER 16
The police had the ambulances take all of us to the hospital to be checked out, and our case workers were called.  Mr. Marslough was taken to jail, facing a lot of charges.  Mrs. Marslough is also facing charges.  Marcus actually did not die, but he had a really bad blow to the head and they are not sure that he will ever be all there again.  I hate that such a horrible thing happened to him when all he was trying to do was help me.  Donta did have a broken nose and a broken arm, but otherwise he was ok.  Travis luckily only had emotional damage from the incident.   
I had not seen Marcus or Travis since then, but Donta and I were placed in houses close to each other and so we go to the same school and we both work for the summer program they have out here.   After our last experience we are both talking about checking into going to Job Corps.  I know kids who have done it and we are old enough now.  At least then we are not just going to be sent out into the world at eighteen with no idea how to survive.
The one escape I have is singing.  I love singing; I could do it all day long, every day.  I got some mad skills too.  But Im not delusional.  I know that its really hard to make it out there as an artist in the music industry.  So I make sure that I get the grades for college.  I shouldnt have a problem getting a scholarship.  I actually am hoping to get into Julliard.  They have an amazing Voice program.  But the only way I will ever get to train there is if I get a full ride scholarship.  So I try to keep myself out of trouble and get the best grades and be involved as much musically as I can. Im in the school choir and the city choir and any church choir I can until I get moved to a new home in a new area, then I move to a new church.
I can sing just about anything.  I write my own songs too.  I have notebook after notebook full of songs.  I used to be housed with this girl who was super gifted on the keyboard, and she would put music to my words.  But that was the house I timed out of at fifteen.  I dont know where she is now because she was due to time out a few months after me.  So now I just write songs and the music is in my head.  Maybe one day Ill learn to play an instrument.
But being a mixed girl has done some good for me in the looks department.  I have light golden eyes and long brown hair, that I recently let my friend try and dye blonde, so I look a little like a Calico cat, but it looks good on me.  My skin looks like it has a permanent tan and I have hips and ass and a decent sized chest.  I mean I grew into myself a little earlier than most girls, doctor calls it precocious puberty.  But I just in the past year really started to realize the power I have with my voice.
In fact Donta has this big theory that the reason Mr. Marslough attacked me like that is because he was madly in love with me, from hearing me sing.  I think Donta is nuts.  But he says I need to be careful because he has noticed that when I belt out songs, it makes him feel things, it makes him feel whatever emotion is in the song and that for a normal person like him, its not a bad thing, in fact connecting with your audience is a good thing.  But for someone who is not right in the head, it could cause them to do some really messed up things.
But it seems the more I practice the better I get.  Last week we were at a pizza place after work, me, Donta, and a few other kids, and we were just singing a song along with the radio that was playing in the place when the owner just walks up to me and asks me to sing a song for him without the radio.  So I do, I sing a song that I wrote myself, about a girl who felt unloved her whole life, was never wanted, but still was not broken, she still had faith and was strong.  
The entire restaurant was quiet while I sang, and afterwards it was like ten minutes before people stopped staring at me with this glazed look in their eye.  After that it seemed like most people forgot all about me until I started singing along with my phone as I walked out the door, suddenly everyone in the place started following me outside.  It was pandemonium.  I had to stop singing and wait a few minutes.  Everyone eventually got that look off their face and they seemed confused about being outside.  That was when I admitted, ok, something was off here.  

CHAPTER 17
I decided to look up some stuff about enchanting people with your voice, like is it possible to hypnotize people if you hit the right octave.  I couldnt find anything on that, but I did find some interesting stuff on Sirens.  
Supposedly Sirens are mermaid like creatures that can live both on land and in water, when in water their legs shift into a tail and they can breathe, talk, laugh, and everything under water.  But when they are on land, they are like humans.  However they have this special ability to sing.  It is said their singing is like the pied pipper's flute, only instead of the mice following, the humans follow.  It is said there are bad Sirens who will lure a person to their death by singing a song that will cause people to literally kill themselves to get closer or because the song is telling them too.  But there are also good Sirens, who guide in lost ships from the fog, or help people who are stranded, or lead someone who is lost, home.  Now I dont believe any of this nonsense about Sirens, but if I was to be a Siren, I would want to be a good one.
I couldnt find out anything about why people were having that reaction to my singing, so I started holding myself back some.  This past week, since the problem at the restaurant, I have only been letting myself loose when Im completely alone and no one can hear me.  
As my birthday gets closer I start to notice this girl watching me, I see her where we are working at, I see her by my foster home.  I even saw her at church on Sunday.  She is a very pretty girl.  She is maybe thirteen years old.  But I never see an adult with her.  She has long blonde hair and big blue eyes, but something about her is familiar.  Not like an I know her kind of thing, but like something in me recognizes something in her. After a few days of seeing her everywhere I finally decide to ask her why she is stalking me.
Hey! Blondie! Is there something I can help you with, because I sure am seeing you everywhere I go?  I say to her.
Yeah Hannah, you can help me with something. She responds.
Who are you and how do you know me? I say a little startled.
My name is Nikki, and I have been following you around, because I hear you can sing, but I have yet to get to actually hear you sing and I have been watching you for a week.  One of my girls saw you a pizza place last week and I have been trying to hear you ever since.  She tells me.
Um, so why didnt you just come talk to me instead of stalking me?  And why you so interested in hearing me sing? I asked
Well I am looking for another singer for a group we have started, we are almost perfect but we need one more girl.  But she has to have skills.  I was hoping to see if you had that before I talked to you.  But you havent sung in public since then, why?
First off, youre like what twelve?  So why would I want to join a group with you and your tween friends?  Second, I dont owe you an explanation to why I have not been singing in public.  So if you will just stop following me around I would appreciate it.  But if your life is so damn boring that you get your kicks waiting to see if I sing, then by all means stalk away.  I say as I go to walk around her.
Then this little girl actually goes and puts her hand on me to stop me, I just look at her like is she sure she wants to do that.  I mean I am in the system, so I have had to defend myself against my foster siblings more than a few times.  This girl looks way to ritzy bitch to know what kind of trouble she is inviting by touching me.  Ok, honey Im gonna give you a little lesson, I dont know where youre from, but over here on East Seven, you do not touch someone without them giving you some kind of invitation.  Because that reckless touching you just did could get you beat.  Now please remove your hand from me before I remove it from you.  I tell her in a quiet voice but one that shows I am not playing with her.
She takes her hand off me and raises both hands in a surrender gesture, Not trying to make you mad, Hannah.  But for the record Im fifteen.  We all are fifteen, and we all have the same SKILLS you have.  She says.  It seems like she is trying to tell me something, but Im not getting it. You know?  When we sing, people will follow us, and when we stop they are really confused on why they were following us in the first place.  She says
The last thing she says stops me in my tracks.  I slowly turn back to her and just look at her.  I mean I guess she could be fifteen.  But there are three other girls my age who can hypnotize people by singing too.  I dont want her to know how much what she said actually affects me so I simply ask her, What exactly do you want from me?
I want to hear you sing, I want to see you belt it out, I want to see what she saw.  Nikki says.
And why do you want to see that?  I asked?
Humor me. If youre not what Im looking for, Ill go away and never bother you again, but if you do what I think you can do we discuss how we can be beneficial to each other. She says
Fine, anything particular you want to hear? I ask.
Sing what you sang in the pizza place. She says.  So I start singing the song about the girl.  People who had been headed to one place or another ended up turning around and coming towards me, they formed a circle around me and I could feel them getting closer and closer to me, making me more and more uncomfortable.  Finally Nikki grabbed me and pulled me away from them, causing me to stop singing.  Everyone who was crowded around me had that glazed look on their face, like they were sad, yet determined and they sure as hell didnt know where they were.  After a few minutes they all seemed to snap out of it and look around like what the hell was going on.  
But one thing I noticed, it took some people longer than others to snap out of it.  A couple of people, even after snapping out of it, looked a little crazy in the eyes, but they could have looked like that before and I just not noticed it.  We need to get out of here Hannah, and I mean like quick.  I have never seen it to this magnitude and I dont think youre safe. Nikki says leading me around the back of the building.
Right after she said that I noticed two of the guys who had the crazy eyes headed our way, and their eyes were not looking any less crazy.  I dont know why but I got the urge to run, guess Nikki did too because we both took off like a bat out of hell.  We ran down the block and weaved through yards and neighborhoods, after about five minutes of running we ended up at a bus stop just as a city bus pulled up, so we jumped on and were finally able to escape the two crazy guys.
What the hell was that all about Nikki? Do you know those two creeps? I asked breathing hard from all the running.
No, and I doubt you do either, its your singing.  I have never seen anyone able to make people crazy like that.  Girl your singing messes with peoples heads.  Its not safe for you to be out on your own anymore.  You should join our group.  We all live together and our parental figures can take care of getting you placed with us.  Its a lot safer there and we can explain a lot of things to you that I dont think you know.  We can tell you why your singing does this and how to keep it from happening without giving up singing.  Nikki said.
Nikki what are you talking about, I dont know you or your people.  And you want me to move in with you?  I ask incredulously
Hannah, come home with me, talk to my rents and hear what we have to say.  If you choose to go back to your foster home then we will give you a ride, if you choose to stay, they will make the calls to make it happen and we will take you to get your stuff.  Can you at least do that?  Its not safe out here, and when you have no information about who and what you really are, its really not safe anywhere.  She says again

CHAPTER 18
I dont know what it is about what she is saying, but I really want to know who I am, what I am.  Why I am able to make people act so crazy with my singing.  Why men have been acting so creepy and scary lately.  So I decide Ill go see what they can tell me and make up my mind from there.  Fine, but Im only coming for information. I told her.  She just nodded her head and started texting someone.
We had to ride three more buses to get anywhere near her ritzy bitch neighborhood.  But part of that was because the bus we jumped on initially was going in the complete opposite direction than we needed to go.  Once we got off the last bus, Nikki walked up to this limo and the driver opened the door for her and just let her in.  I just stood there on the sidewalk gawking at her.  
Are you going to get in Hannah?  Chloe and Javier are waiting for us.  She said, I guess she is even more ritzy bitch than I thought.  I rarely ride in cars except to move from one foster home to another, but a limo, I have never been in.  I hesitate a moment longer so she climbs back out of the car and grabs my arm and pulls me towards the car.  Damn girl, aint you ever seen a car before?
This is not a car, this is a damn limo.  You ride in this a lot?  I asked as I climbed into the back seat with her.
Of course I do, when your one of Chloe and Javiers you dont ride around on a city bus.  She said matter of factly.  I didnt really know what to say to that.  
We were only in the car for about five minutes when we pulled up to a gate and the driver rolled down the window and talked to someone in a booth.  They like actually have a security guy who is in a booth by the driveway in front of a giant gate.  Who are these people?
The gate man let us in and we drove up a lane that had big trees on each side that made a canopy above us.  It was like something you will see in a movie.  When the house came into view I was blown away, I have never seen anything so grand.  It was a huge three story white house, with columns on the front porch that went all the way to the top of the house, the grounds were perfectly manicured, they had a thing for mermaids, because they had  a mermaid fountain in the middle of the circle drive  and at least ten mermaid topiaries lining the front porch.
As we climbed out of the car a group of people walked out the front door and waited for us at the top of the steps.  There was a beautiful red head woman standing next to a gorgeous Hispanic man, a really pretty young Asian girl, and an African American girl with long ass braids.  I have never seen such a beautiful and diverse group of people in one place before.
Nikki quickly introduced me to Chloe and Javier, and then turned to the Asian girl and told me her name is Leigh, and then introduced me to Michaela.  They all seemed so genuinely happy to meet me.  Chloe asks me if Im hungry and before I can even respond Nikki says, Oh my goodness yes, Chloe.  Hannah sang for me today and she is one of us, Im sure.  We need to explain some things to her though; she knows nothing, absolutely nothing.  I had to ride a city bus, can you imagine, because two crazy men chased us because of her singing.
Chloe and Javier looked worried by what she said, but Nikki didnt seem to notice, she dragged me in the house and to the dining room before I could even look around at anything.  We can talk in a bit, we need to eat first.  Singing like that takes a lot out of you and then we had to run and ride the bus for over an hour.  We need food.  Then we will tell you everything.
As soon as she said something about eating, people started pouring out of the kitchen with plate after plate of food, by the time the kitchen door closed, the rest of the family had made it to the table, along with three guys and four other girls I had not met yet.  This time Chloe made the introductions, Nikki was too busy eating.  There were two girls that looked very similar to Nikki, they were her sisters Connie and Riley, and the other two girls were Jessica and Marlene.  The boys were Jacob, Logan, and Toby.  It seemed that everyone lived in the house; I mean it sure was big enough.  Though I am unsure what they would need me for if they already had ten kids staying here.
After we ate Chloe herded us off to another room.  It was a room full of comfy furniture.  There was a nice over stuffed couch and a couple love seats, and random bean bag chairs sitting around the room.  There were shelves and shelves of books, a giant screen television, all kinds of game consoles, and a serious looking stereo system with iPod ports and everything.  I noticed a couple of tablets and laptops laying around too.  I figured this must be where the kids hang out.
So, Hannah I dont really know how to begin here.  We have never had to explain to someone who we are and what we do before.  In fact everyone who comes here already knows from a very young age.  So please forgive us if we dont do this exactly right.  All I ask is that you have an open mind about things before you dismiss everything I say, because it may sound quite impossible to you. Can you do that? Chloe asks sitting next to me on one of the loveseats.
I have no idea what she is about to tell me, but I decide I will listen to everything they say even if I think they are nuts because they have been nothing but nice to me and I am not usually a disrespectful person.  However I really didnt expect them to come right out with things as crazy as they did.

CHAPTER 19
Youre a Siren.  Do you know what a Siren is? Javier asks.  Im guessing he has never heard the term tactful before.  I just kinda nod at him with a look on my face like dude you need to take your meds.  It is why people are effect so much by your singing.  The closer you get to your sixteenth birthday the worse it will be and if you dont learn to control it, it will cause one of two things, either you to be kill, or someone else to kill themselves for you.  We can help you, we can teach you to control it, we can teach you how to sing and write songs that are happy and make people feel warm inside and how to tell a crazy from a normal.  There is so much we can do to help you.  He said
But what do you want from me?  What do I have to do for you to HELP me? I ask.  I dont know what they are up to but come on a Siren, I read about them, but in mythology not in National Geographic.  
Move in here; sing with the girls once you learn to control yourself.  Dont make it obvious what you are, because there are people in this world that collect what they call creatures, to them creatures are anyone of any water race, any of the shifter races, witches, and sucker races.  He continued.  I couldnt believe he could say all this with a straight face.
So your telling me that my singing could make someone kill themselves, or kill me, that after I turn sixteen that Im going to sprout a tail when I swim, and that witches, werewolves, and vampires are real?  I ask incredulously
Yes.  Also there are seven different water races.  There are Mermaids, Selkies, Jenju, Mamiwatta, Yawkayawk, Sirens, and Encantado . Javier continues. 
Look I dont mean to be disrespectful, you guys have all been great to me tonight and Im grateful for Nikki for noticing the two guys who came after us before it was too late.  But I have had a hard life and while I would love nothing more than to join in with your delusions about Sirens and all that other stuff, well maybe not so much the werewolves and vampires, but I just cant.  Im sorry its too far-fetched for me.  If you dont mind now I would like to go home, if you could just have your gate guy to let me out, Ill figure it out from here.  I tell them.  I really need to go because Im too scared if I stay I will just agree with whatever they say so that I can stay here in this safe, beautiful, amazing house, with these people.
I told ya she wouldnt believe us, we need to just take her out back and prove it to her. Ya'll should listen to me every once in a while; I know what Im talking about.  Hannah if we can prove to you that what we are saying is true, will you reconsider?  Riley asks.
I really couldnt see how they were gonna prove this one to me, but I figured why not I could wait a few minutes and see what they got.  Yeah, I can do that.  I said
I follow everyone outside to a giant pool in the back yard, with no warning all the girl except for Me, Nikki, Leigh, and Michaela, take their dresses off and jump in the water in just their bra and panties.  At first nothing happens, I just think they are really determined to drag this out as long as possible.  Then all the sudden I cant believe it.  I cant believe my eyes.  They suddenly have tails.  
But thats impossible they cant be telling the truth.  There is no such thing as Sirens, they are mythological creatures.  But I couldnt argue with them anymore, the truth was right in front of my face, they are Sirens.  This doesnt mean I am.  But it does mean I can stay until they figure out that Im not.  A couple of weeks in this environment are better than none.  I mean I cant even swim.
The girls all climb out of the pool and sit on the edge with their tails out in front of them, and then I notice that their tails arent like what you see on a mermaid.  Their tails have streaming fringe on them, like a Beta fish.  It is so beautiful to see them and their tails.  The younger girls grab towels and start helping the older ones dry off and after about ten minutes all the girls are normal again and throw their dresses back on.  We all sit back down in the television room we were in earlier.
Do you believe us now? Chloe asks me softly.  I just nod at her.  So will you stay with us?
I cant Chloe, Im not a Siren, and I cant even swim.  I say, I know I want to stay but I just cant be dishonest.  I just sit there sadly.
You are a Siren; you just dont know it yet.  How about this, you stay with us till after your birthday.  If you dont change within a week of your birthday, we will take you back to your foster home if thats what you want.  But if we are right, then we will file to officially adopt you after your sixteenth birthday.  Chloe offers.
Are you sure Chloe?  What if Im right and you wasted all that time with me for no reason?
Nothing is for no reason Hannah, and it wouldnt be a waste regardless, I can tell your someone this family needs, Siren or not.  But you have to make that choice for yourself. She says.
Okay, but we will have to call my case worker and see how long it will take to get things done if its even possible to move me here.  I said.
We are licensed foster parents, Hannah, Ill call Mrs. Brair now, and Ill be right back. Chloe says running out of the room while everyone else jumps up and hugs me.  I have never felt so wanted before and I hoped with everything in me that they were right, that I was what they wanted me to be.
A few minutes later Chloe comes back in smiling, Ready to go pick up your stuff, Hannah?  Mary said that Javier and I can bring you to get your stuff and she will meet us there and we can sign the agreement there, she put you here for thirty days and at the end of the thirty days she will come see us and we will tell her what we want to do then.  How does that sound?  
Too good to be true.  I say grinning.

CHAPTER 20
So we go and get my stuff and get me settled into my rooms at the big house, and yes I said rooms.  I have a bedroom that is so huge it has its own sitting area, with a desk and television and big bed, fireplace, and I have my own bathroom.  I cant believe it, everything is so beautiful.  In the closet there are tons of clothes given to me from the other girls that are closer to my size, so all the older girls.  But all the clothes still have tags, so I dont even feel like they are hand me downs, not that I would care.  
I didnt go back to work at the summer program, though I did go back the one day to tell them I moved again and tell them where to send my last check. I said bye to Donta and he said that he could tell my future was full of adventure and he wished me the best.  As we were walking back to the car, I seen Travis walking down the sidewalk holding hands with a lady I didnt know.  
Hannah, Hannah he yells running to me.  I grab him up and hug him spinning him around; Donta sees up and comes out to say hi to Travis.
How are you Travis, I miss you. I tell him.
Im great, my mom is out of the hospital now, this is my mom. He says pointing to the lady with him.  Mommy this is the girl who saved me from the bad man.
His mom hugs me and thanks me repeatedly for saving her son.  Honestly maam, Travis and Donta and our other foster brother Marcus saved my life that day.  Im grateful for Travis, and Im glad to see youre out of the hospital and he is home where he needs to be. I tell his mom.  I hug Travis and Donta one more time and tell them I have to go.
That night we have a concert at the park; Chloe and Javier want to see what my range is and how I affect people.  They are going to have me sing by myself and make sure everyone is there for protection, just in case.  I am nervous because now that I know what they expect to happen.  What if it doesnt, will they call my case worker and tell her to move me right away after I only had two days in my new home?
We got to the park, it was crowded and everyone sang their songs, the concert was great and everyone was enjoying their selves.  I was the last person to sing.  We set it up that way, because I needed to be able to leave quickly if things went bad.  Again I sang the song that I wrote about the girl who was used and abused but never broken.  
I got so into the song that I wasnt noticing everyone elses reaction to me.  But when the song was over and I opened my eyes, I could see everyone in the crown had that look on their face, that sad but determined look, and slowly I could see the life coming back to them.  I looked behind me and there was shock on everyones except Nikki's face.  In fact they were so shocked they forgot to watch the crowd.  
Out of nowhere I was tackled to the ground and at first I didnt know who was on me, until he tried to tear my clothes off and said in my ear, I can see you found yourself some new guys to give it up to didnt you? But you think youre too good for me.  Ill show you just how good you can be little girl.  All I could think was he is gonna hurt me bad, but like last time he is suddenly pulled off me and I see someone punch him so hard he goes flying off the stage.  Then that someone pulls me up off the floor and I cant see straight cause Im crying so hard.  
Hannah, are you ok?  I wont let him hurt you.  I will never let him hurt you again, I promise Hannah.  Says a voice I recognize. Marcus is here, Marcus saved me, and Marcus is ok.  I just grab him and hug him.  Then I realize that no one from my group helped me, I couldnt believe they let me get attacked.  I turned to see where they are, and I notice everyone one of them fighting to keep people away from me.  They couldnt help me with Mr. Marslough because they were keeping other people from me.  
Get her to the limo, please hurry before they get to her.  Javier yells at Marcus.  Marcus just picks me up, throws me over his shoulder and runs all the way to the limo and jumps in with me and the limo takes off at break neck speeds.  Im so scared and confused and we just left everyone else.  The driver takes us to the house and tells me to go in and lock the door he would go get everyone else.
We go in the house and I take Marcus to the rec room, which is what I finally figured out they called the TV room.  We sat on the couch, I was so scared and upset waiting on everyone to come home and prayed they were all ok.  I end up falling asleep while I waited
CHAPTER 21
I woke up to Chloe and Javier thanking Marcus and telling the limo driver to take him home.
Is everyone ok? I ask.  Chloe and Javier share a look that scares me, I just know they are going to tell me Im too dangerous to have at their house and that I need to leave.
Yes, everyone is fine.  But Hannah, there is something we need to talk to you about.  Chloe says, as she and Javier sit on each side of me.
I know, I need to leave.  Im so sorry that this happened.  I dont even know what is going on.  But if you want to call Mrs. Brair, Ill go get my stuff ready.  I tell them starting to stand up.
They both put a hand on my shoulder, making me sit back down.  Your right, you do need to leave, not because we dont want you Hannah, not because of what happened.  But because of whom you are. Javier said.
I didnt know what they were talking about, I was so confused. Im sorry I dont understand what youre saying, what do you mean who I am? I ask
Hannah honey, your Jeannettes daughter.  I cant believe that you ended up here, at our house.  You need to be with your mother.  Chloe says to me, and I swear I cannot wrap my head around what she is saying.
Mymy.. mother? I say quietly
Yes honey your mother.  See when you were born, someone stole you from your mother, about an hour after you were born, you were missing.  No one had any clue what had happened to you.  When I seen you, I knew there was something familiar about you but I couldnt figure out what it was.  You look so much like your mother did at your age.  She was an amazing singer too.  When I seen your power tonight, it hit me who you are.  But not only are you Jeannettes daughter, your also one of the seven.  Chloe says.
One of the seven? I ask.  Im so confused, my mom didnt abandon me, someone stole me and that monster abandoned me.  I was going to be with my mother.  I was one of seven, seven what.
Remember how I told you there were seven different races of water people? Javier asks.  I nod.  Well, there was a prophecy many years ago that states that seven teens, one from each race, will band together and bring our home back to its former glory, or they will be the death of us all.
Our home?  man Im sounding so stupid tonight.
Atlantis Chloe and Javier say at the same time
Get some sleep baby girl, your mommas gonna be here tomorrow to be with you until your birthday when you can change and go back to Atlantis with her.  She is so excited that you have been found.  She mourned all these years for you.  Chloe said.
I headed up the stairs, my head spinning.  Tomorrow my mom would be here.  Tomorrow my new life will truly begin.  Ill be moving to Atlantis.  I dont know what to think, but I do know one thing.
I am Siren





ALEXIS
ENCONTADA
CHAPTER 22
I was so going to be in trouble when I finally got home.  My beastie Jasmine and I have been informed via our twitter feeds that our favorite group One Truth were to be in concert in the city.  The city being San Francisco.  I resided in Mill Valley California, a sleepy little suburb on the other side of the bridge. 
I am Alexis Rose Marie Roberts.  I lived with my mom Tammy, my step dad Jack, my Nona, and our cat Prissy.  Mom thought I was spending the night at Jasmines, and Jasmine's mom thought Jasmine was spending the night at my house.
We both had purchased tickets with our saved up money to see One Truth.  We have been waiting forever!  I adored Henry Star, one of the lead singers of the famous boy band.  I had his posters every where on my bedroom walls.  My family teased me unmercifully, but I know one day, he will be mine! 
I myself am an aspiring singer.  I've been waiting to be a star probably for as long as I can remember.  I know my read dad was a famous South American singer back in the nineties.  That how my mom had met him.   I have one picture of him holding me as a baby.  There are many pictures online of him.  He is no longer an active singer, the last known info about him is that he retired somewhere in Brazil.
I know he is very handsome and I inherited his facial expressions and shape of his head and lips, but I am my mother in my eyes, skin tone, and hair color.  So basically, I am part Hispanic, but look milk white, I've never been taught Spanish, and never really was raised in that culture.  
I chuckle when on my papers from  my Dr. office it says I am Hispanic.  I don't feel Hispanic.  When I am around the Hispanic kids at school, I don't feel like I fit in with them.  Especially when they speak Spanish!  No one knows unless I tell them, which is not often, that I am  not all Caucasian.  Not that I'm embarrassed to be that, people get confused, then I have to explain my family dynamic, and I'd rather not tell people my dad is a deadbeat who could afford to pay for me because he is rich, but wont, because he is a jerk.  He doesn't even send me birthday cards or anything at Christmas.
But Jack, he is amazing.  He has been there since I was six months old.  In fact, he adopted me.  I have his last name.  Before that, I was Alexis Santos, now I am a Roberts through and through.  Nona is Jacks mother, but she is dying of cancer, so she has been staying with us.  I pray for Nona every day, but she has an aggressive form of lung cancer.  She tells me daily to never smoke.
She smoked for twenty five years.  She had quit for years, but then one day, the doctor gave her the news she had lung cancer.  She told me she probably wouldn't have it if it wasn't for smoking.  I have the smell of cigarette smoke.  It gags me.
All I knew is this, I was going to this One Truth concert tonight, and I was going to see them backstage with my all access VIP pass Jasmine and I had purchased with out tickets.  It was an extra hundred dollars, but so worth it if I got to meet Henry face to face!
"OMG I cant wait to see Thom! He is so cute and he is by far the superior singer!" Jasmine said.  
"Oh no! We all know you are delusional!  Henry is the best singer in that group!  But I am glad you don't want my man, because best friend or not, I would have to fight you!" I said giggling.
Jasmine wrinkled her nose.  "Whatever girl.  You believe what you want, all I know is we are meeting them face to face tonight!" Jasmine and I were on the ferry on our way from the Sausalito port to the port near pier 9.  From there we had to take the BART to the downtown arena.  
Just then my cell phone rang.  I was my mom. "Hello?" I said into the phone.
"Where are you?  And before you lie, I know you are not at Jasmine's house, because her little brother broke his leg and they are at the hospital, and she thought Jasmine would like to know.  So again, where are you both?" I nervously glanced at Jasmine.
"Um...we are in the city.  Now, before you freak out, we are ok!  We are on our way to the One Truth Concert."  I cringed, ready for the aftermath.
"What?" my mom screamed into the phone.  "After Jack and I expressly said no and explained why we didn't want you by yourselves in the city at a concert that thousands of people are at?"  Mom yelled at me through the phone.
"I bought my tickets mom! I couldn't get a refund!" I argued.
"You could have found a buyer for those tickets and you know it!"  She continued yelling at me.  
"Mom, you know how much we love One Truth!" I whined.
"Yet, you couldn't tell me One Truth tonight could you?" my mom snaps back. "Jack is on his way to the city for business, and you two need to meet him at the front of the arena by eleven pm.  I know damn well he wont get to the arena before rush hour, and I know how determined you two are to go to this concert, but you WILL meet him after the concert, and young lady, you are grounded for the rest of summer.  So you better enjoy your time with Jasmine while you can." she says.
"The rest of the summer?" I screeched.
"Don't test my patience.  You are lucky I don't march my butt down to the arena, and have security remove you from the concert.  You also are lucky you are not grounded till you turn eighteen, so do you want to continue to argue with me or are you done?" my moms voice boomed over my iPhone 5.
"Yes ma'am."  I say lowering my head.
"I will see you when you get home. Bye." my mom said as she hung the phone up on me.
"We are in deep do do aren't we?" Jasmine said running her fingers through her fro.  Jasmine has the most unruly hair I have ever seen.  She is bi racial, her mom is white and her dad is black.  But she got most of her dad.  She has super curly hair, and it was always poufy.  
I teased her and called her pillow head, in return she calls me blanca.   A play on words by using the Spanish word for white.  I mean I am a white white Hispanic girl, HELLO.  We have been beasties since we were in preschool.  We got grounded from each other from time to time because we always seemed to get into some kind of trouble. Not bad trouble like doing drugs or being an easy girl at school.  Just the sneaking out going places we shouldn't.  We both loved parties and music.  I loved dancing so much.  We both took hip hop dance classes.  I thought it would be  great training if I planned on being a pop star. 
"Yes, we are so in trouble.  I am grounded for the rest of the summer.  We have to meet Jack as soon as we are done going backstage after the concert."  I said.
"Well at least we have a ride home now." Jasmine joked.
"Ha ha." I said, shaking my head.  

CHAPTER 23
Our ferry had just ported.  We made our way to the BART.  It was the bus that took us to the downtown arena.  It was very crowded and I couldn't believe the bus driver was allowing as many people on the bus as he was.  It was horrible.  Talk about body odor everywhere.  Disgusting!!
I was relieved when our stop was announced over the loud speaker.  My heart was pounding when I saw all the people waiting to go inside the arena.  Jasmine and I stood outside for around thirty minutes till the line started to move.  Our seats were not the front row, I wish, but we were in the tenth row back.  
The stage was so big.  We got situated, bought snacks, drinks, and of course, shirts, pictures, and I got a life-sized poster of Henry Star.  I couldn't wait to have him sign it in person later on!  The lights above us were being lowered, while the lights got bright on the stage.  The music blaring was their song 'Girl It's Only You'.  I started screaming with all the other twenty five thousand fans in the arena.  The noise was deafening.  I was so excited.  I had been waiting on this forever!
The boys appeared on the stage along with the love of my life, Henry Star!  He was wearing an all white ensemble.  He had a white sweater and white skinny jeans and white patented leather shoes.  His brunette hair looked so silky and his gorgeous blue eyes I could see sparkling from here.  
The concert flew by, in an amazing blur.  My voice was almost completely gone with all the screaming.  Jasmine's voice was completely gone!  She acted like she was going to faint when Thom sang, and held up the sign, "Thom will you marry me?"  he pointed at her and winked, she just about died.  I almost wished I had made a sign for Henry, but I always thought it was tacky.  I would tell him in person how much I was a fan of him.  
Once the concert was over the announcer stated that anyone with VIP passes were to gather at the front of the stage and that they would be escorted to the back of the stage, Jasmine, me, and about thirty others gathered at the front.  A middle aged woman with grey streaks in her hair ushered us on the stage, and I looked back at the arena.  Wow, I was in awe.  It would be amazing to sing on a stage this big.  I knew one day I would be singing on a stage like this, maybe one day on this stage!
We all were taken backstage in a long hallway with white walls, and concrete floors.  We stood in front of a door.  The palms of my hands were sweating, and my heart was beating a million times a minute.  The lady opened the door and we all walked in.  "Everyone form a line, everyone gets a minute for pictures and autographs, but the line needs to keep moving."  the lady commanded in an all business voice.
Everyone clamored to get into line.  Jasmine and I were about a third of the way down the line.  It seemed forever till we got to the front.  First in line was Jasmine's crush, Thom.  She about swooned and passed out on me.  "Ello!" Thom said in a very adorable British accent.  Jasmine smiled and went on and on about how wonderful he is.  She got her pictures, one with me, and one by herself with Thom, and we got autographs and met the other members, Rowen, Rupart, Ian, and then, at the end, the love of my life.
There he stood, the most beautiful man on the planet.  Henry Star. "Ello!" he said in his accent, way more adorable than Thom's!
"Hi." I said shyly.
"What is your name?" he says
"I am Alexis." I say back. "Could I please get a picture with you, and your autograph?" I asked.
"Of course" he said, his dimples showing.  He put his arm around me, and I swear I felt sparks.  He must have too because he looked at me a little funny, then posed for the picture.
"Thank you, Henry.  You are my favorite of the group.  I appreciate you finding time for me."  I said to him as he handed me back the poster he autographed for me.
"Alexis, do you mind staying after for a minute?"  he said with a gleam in his eye.  He almost looked like he was excited about talking to me, little ole me.
"Uh...sure." I stammered.  Henry Star was asking moi to stay to chat?  Jasmine looked at me with wide eyes.  We stood to the side as everyone passed through.  Henry walked up to me.
"Alexis, I don't know how to say this, but I really want to get to know you.  You are so pretty, and there is something special about you that I cannot figure out.  Could I get your number?"  he said almost shyly.  Henry star hitting on me?  I was about to swoon like Jasmine had done.
"Sure.. um..." I rattled off my number to him.  He grabbed my phone and programmed his number in my phone as well.
"I have the exact same phone as yours, Alexis, only mine is blue."  he said grinning, handing my phone back to me.  "anytime you want to talk, call or text me." he finished.  He grabbed me and gave me a big hug.  I about melted.  He smelled soooo good, was this a dream?
I almost pinched myself to see if this was in fact, a dream.  "I will see you later." he says, waving goodbye.  The lady was rushing the guys away.  Jasmine and I left in a daze.  
"Did that just happen?" I asked Jasmine, walking in a trance like stroll.
"Um yeah, it did.  Your crush just crushed on you girl! Mine just passed me by, his loss." Jasmine said tossing her hair out of her face.
"I cant believe it." I said.  Just then, Jack waved at us from his and my moms minivan.  Jack did not look pleased.

CHAPTER 24
"Took you long enough." Jack said grumbling, shooting an irritated look.
"Sorry." I said with a pinched look on my face.
"Alexis, I am very disappointed in you."  Jack said shaking his head.  "You knew this could have ended badly, you could have been abducted, robbed, who knows what else?  We told you no because you are not even sixteen yet."  He said while pulling out of the arena.  Most of the cars were gone due to the fact we had stayed after for the meet and greet. "I figured you two would be out before now."  he said.
"We had VIP passes." Jasmine said.  I shot her a dirty look.
"Your mom told you two to come directly to the van once the concert is over, so you disobeyed yet again to meet some rock stars?" Jack asks, "well that sounds like something I would do, but your still grounded till school starts." he finished looking at me sternly.
"That royally blows." I said pouting with my arms crossed.
"That's only a month and a half away, you realize that right?" Jack says chuckling. "So dramatic."
Just then my phone notified me I had a text message.  It said Henry.  My heart jumped.  I opened it....
Henry:  Alexis how r u? I am at the Hilton downtown. I'm bored.  what r u doing?
Me:  On my way home from your concert, which btw was amazing.
Henry:  thanx! its thanks 2 u the fans that I have an awesome job. I do what I love! r u a singer? I totes get the vibe u r.
Me: I am.  I train by dance and music classes.  My dad is Julio Santos, a popular 90's latin singer, idk if u heard of him. 
Henry:  I knew u had star written all over u and no I dont mean like my last name. :-)
Me:  LOL ur funny
Henry:  yea ive heard of ur dad, hes amazing. if u have skills like him, u will be on the top 40 charts in no time, do u have a manager?
Me:  No I dont have a manager.
Henry:  I can help u with that. do u have a demo?
Me:  I got a few songs on a flash drive I recorded.
Henry:  Perfect, ill get u my email later and plz send them. I would luv to help u in the industry I can see us in each others lives in the near future.
Me:  Wow, idk wat 2 say, I cant believe ur texting me. u have been my crush 4 ever... im embarrassed to say that but u r...this seems unreal to me
Henry:  I am just an average boy who made it big and got lucky I got discovered.  I am only 17.  how old are u?  u seem to be near the same age as me.
Me: I am 15, in 2 weeks 16
Henry:  Sweet 16 and never been kissed?
Me:  Maybe
Henry:  guess I need to make plans for ur bday
Me: Really?
Henry:  yup...we have a few more concerts but my break comes upright b4 ur bday.  I luv san fran.  I know a perfect spot for us to go
Me: I got grounded. I doubt ill be able to go :-(
Henry:  I am sure I can convince them to let u go, I mean, its ur 16th bday, its a special day!
Me:  u dont know my parents!
Henry:  U dont know my skills, trust me, we r going out 4 ur bday!
Me:  that would be gr8 
Henry: I g2g 4 now ttyl? mwah
Me: bye :-) mwah xoxoxo
"Who texted you?" Jasmine asked.
"Wouldn't YOU like to know?" I said giving her a coy smile.
"Oh my God...is it who I think?" she said, her eyes wide, clapping her hand over her mouth.
"Yeppers!"  I said a smile covering my face.
"Who would that be ladies?" my step dad Jack said giving me a stern look.  He tried to look serious but for him it just doesn't work.  Jack looks like a surfer dude from back on Beverly Hills 90210.  Wind swept Beiber hair do, and looks twenty three but he is nearing forty.  Jack is an ER doctor, but everyone says he looks more like a beach bum.  He is awesome, but when he tries to look serious or act like an adult, he gets a big epic fail.
"Believe it or not, that was Henry Star texting me."  I said with a starry look in my eyes.  
"As in, you have his posters all over your walls, you talk about twenty four- seven, Henry?" Jack said with an 'I call BS' look on his face.
"Yes, and its no lie, ask Jasmine." I said.
"Mr. Roberts, Henry programmed his number into Lexi's phone, I saw it, he told her he wanted her to call or text anytime and he was so flirting with her." Jasmine said excitedly "I'm so jelly of her, I wish Thom had done that for me.." Jasmine says wistfully.
"Wow, Alexis, how do you feel about that?" Jack says grinning at me.  I love Jack.  He always seemed to genuinely care about what I cared about and was passionate about.  I loved my mom, but jack was the cool parent hands down.
"I am...feeling, amazing right now! He said he wants to see me for my birthday!  If...I am not grounded."  I say, looking hopefully at Jack...
"I wouldn't count on it, your mother is pretty mad.  I am too for that matter, but I do think it being your sixteenth, that's a special day and you should be ungrounded just that day only..but let me talk to your mom when she has cooled off.  But a date alone?  I don't know....." he tells me shaking his head.
"What if you dropped me off, and waited near by? I would have my phone by me, you could meet him before, you and mom and Nona." I begged
"We have two weeks to figure this out, Lexi." Jack said as we pulled in to our drive.
"Ok" I said
"Jasmine, you are staying here tonight,  your mom is picking you up in the morning.  She said you are grounded too."  Jack said as we walked in the house.
"I knew it." Jasmine said shaking her head. "Darn it...." she finished.
"Alexis Rose Marie" my mothers voice said from the couch.
"Yes, ma'am?" I said sheepishly.  Her arms were crossed and she looked furious.
"What do you have to say for yourself?" she said coldly
"I am sorry?  I really am sorry mom...." I said
"I don't want to hear sorry, you disobeyed me, directly did not listen to my orders, and lied to me and Jasmine's mother.  You know you are grounded.  I really don't want to see your face tonight." she says very angrily.
"Yes, mom.  I will go to my room." I walked away.  
"I love you Alexis....remember that.  I care about where you are" my mom says to me.  
I turn around, "I know, mom.  Again, I am sorry." I went to my room.  Jasmine and I didn't go straight to sleep, we talked for about fifteen minutes about Henry texting me and what it could mean for me.  I couldn't wait to be an adult and do what I wanted.  
I knew my mom cared about me, but STILL.  I was not a kid anymore, I don't know why she is so strict!  Most of the kids in my school were allowed to go to the city on the ferry, and go places on their own.  Why did my mom have to be so old fashioned?  Why couldn't I have more freedom?  Jasmine was even allowed out to do more than I was.  Her mom had given her permission to go to the concert, but when my mom had said no, she said Jasmine couldn't go unless I did.  Which defeated the purpose.
I laid back on my pillow and signed smiling.  It was so worth being punished!  I was talking to Henry Star!!! and he like me!!! He wanted to take me out for my birthday.  This was so many girls my ages fantasy come true for me!  I fell into a sleep, full of dream of Henry and I.

CHAPTER 25
Two weeks later......
The next couple of weeks seemed to drag by for me.  I did a lot of chores for my punishment.  I pulled weeds in our garden, I scrubbed floors, washed windows, did errands for Nona, washed the minivan, you name it, I was the resident Cinderella.
True to mom's words, I was not allowed to do anything with my friends.  I texted Jasmine, and talked to Henry almost non stop when I wasn't working.  I had begged Jack to see if he could convince mom to let me go out with Henry for my birthday.  She told him no way in the world for about a week and a half.
One morning mom came to me. "Alexis, we need to chat.  Come sit." mom patted our black leather sofa.  My mom looked really pretty today.  She had styled her hair, she normally wore it in a ponytail, and had on a cute Victoria's Secret pink hoodie ensemble.  My mom had curly light brown hair and green eyes, just like me.  or I should say, I had them, just like her.  "I know your birthday is in a few days and I have been hearing a story about you wanting to go to dinner with a gentleman.. a gentleman we all know as Henry Star?  The star Henry Star?"  my mom says with a smirk on her face.
"Yes mom, he asked for my number.  He actually hit on little ole me, of all people!"  I said
"So I have heard from your dad."  mom said.  "I know I have said no.....but today, I got a bouquet of a dozen roses from a said Henry Star, asking may he take my daughter out for dinner on her special once in a lifetime sweet sixteen birthday."  she said.
My mouth dropped open.  "I guess I am impressed this gentleman would go to such extremes to go out with my daughter...I am, how do I say, Impressed?" my mom repeated.   "I am going to agree to you going on one condition."  she says.
"Anything!" I said in an excited tone.
"Jack will escort you to the restaurant, and be in close proximity of you, and will take you back home."  mom finished.
"Thank you soooo much!"  I jumped up and gave her a big bear hug.
"Ok, ok.  Well we need to go shopping for a nice outfit for you.  You want to impress him, right?" mom asks smiling.
"Your the best mom everrrrr!"  I exclaimed
"Uh huh, now I'm a great mom." mom said laughing.
We spent the rest of the afternoon at the mall.  I picked out a sea foam green dress.  It was strapless but not showing too much cleavage.  I had started to fill out bras nicely recently.  I had curves and this dress enhanced those qualities.  My mom almost cried when she saw me in the dress.  
"My baby is not a baby anymore."  she said tears in her eyes.  "All grown up..." she says, shaking her head in disbelief.
"Mom please don't cry, or I am going to cry like a big baby." I tell her.
"I cant help it, I cant believe my baby girls is so big...the years went by to fast." 
Mom takes me to eat at our favorite Chinese buffet for lunch, and we had a great time reminiscing all the stuff that had happened over the years.  My mom was strict, but I loved her and Jack, and Nona so very much.  I wouldn't trade my family for anyone else's.  I also couldn't believe my luck, having Mr. Henry Star as my kind of boyfriend.  I say kind of because we had only talked via text and on the phone.  
We were about to have our first official date in just a couple nights.  I was going to get my hair, nails, and make done earlier in the day right before I have to be at Acquello at seven pm.  Henry said we were having dinner then he was taking me by limo to a surprise.  I knew I should tell mom and dad that we were going somewhere other than the restaurant, but I knew they would probably say no.  So I kept it Henry's and my little secret.

CHAPTER 26
Jasmine was so green with jealousy, but she was a great best friend.  I told her not to tell anyone about Henry, no one would believe it anyways.  The only way I was going to let anyone know about him is if we were officially together, and people see us together on a regular basis.  Teenage girls are horrible enough, I don't need to hear them say I am a liar and delusional. 
 It was bad enough I got hated on by some of the in crowd girls.  I always seem to get lead solos in choir and glee class.  I was kind of like a Rachel Berry.  Vocally talented but not popular.  Not too many boys paid any attention to me other than the nerds.  I for the most part, didn't care.  I knew that becoming a pop star was a rough road, and having friends in school was not one of the requirements.  In fact, most people who are famous state that they were unpopular or dorks till they made it big, so who cares?  I just didn't need people to gossip about me and Henry.  Once it was out in the open, they could hate all they wanted.
Mom allowed Jasmine to come with me for my makeover.  We sat chatting about how we thought the date would go.  "He is going to kiss you, watch and see!"  Jasmine excitedly said.
"Oh my God, I will so melt!"  I said 
"He is already talking about how crazy he is over you."  
I smiled, "Yeah, he sent my demo to Jon Rutledge, his manager. He said that he liked it, and that he is going to see about getting me meeting with some A&E people from the record labels."  I say happily.  "It feels like my dreams are finally coming true!"  I say smiling.
"I am so jealous, but super happy for you!  At least I can ride on your coat tails!  You better bring me on tour with you!" Jasmine said teasing me.
"You already know you are coming with me when I make it big!  you can be my personal assistant, who's only job is to hang out with me!"  I said laughing.  
"Sounds like a great job for me." Jasmine said laughing.  "You know I am lazy.  That is right up my alley."  she giggles.
"Trust me, I know"  I say
"Hey now!"  She said swatting me playfully.
"Well, what do you think?" I asked, twirling for her.  My hair was in a cute french twist with tendrils of curls in the front.  My make up was light natural, a touch of lip gloss, a little dab of green eye shadow, a tiny bit of mascara, and eye liner.  My nails were done to look like sea shells.  My dress looked amazing set against my white wedge sandals with the wedge heel.  I had on a pearl necklace and hanging pearl earrings and a pearl bracelet to match.
"Alexis, you look so hot!!"  Jasmine said shaking her head in amazement. "Wow, Henry is going to go nuts.  You look super cute."  She said.  
"You really think so?"  I said looking at myself in the mirror, I couldn't believe how different and grown up I looked.  I wondered what kids would say when I got back to school it was like a night and day change.  I had heard of people changing over the years, but my change from ugly duckling to swan was about a month transformation.  Trust me, I was not about to complain.  I was happy, I had to be attractive to be a star, and to be Henry's girlfriend, it totally helped.
I couldn't wait for my magical night to begin.  I felt like a fairy princess about to go with my fairy prince charming.  I went home and waited impatiently till it was time for me and Jack to head to Acquello.  Henry had picked the most upscale restaurant in San Fran to go to.  I was excited to say I have been there, but even more excited to be seeing Henry again.  He was so fun and down to earth to talk to on the phone.
I quickly checked myself out one more time in the mirror.  It was now or never!  I walked out into the living room where my mom, Jack, Nona, and the aloof but fluffy Prissy were waiting for me.  "Oh my baby girl Lexi" None exclaimed with her hands to her face.  She had tears in her eyes, but they were tears of joy.
"You look so beautiful!" Mom said, also teared up.  Jack even had a misty eyed expression.
"No tears people.  It's just lil chunky monkey Lexi who used to bang pots and pans together in the kitchen!"  I said.
My mom laughed.  "Yes, you will always be my baby girl, my only child, and for that, no matter How old you get, you will be my baby girl!"  she says hugging me tightly.
"Mooooom......don't ruin my hair!  It took Ms. Rhonda over an hour to do my hair!  Also another hour to do my make up and then my nails...."  I complained.
"Oh too bad!  I will hug my grown up daughter on her sixteenth birthday, as well as CRY as much as I feel entitled.  I was pregnant with you for nine months, was in labor for over twenty four hour, and not to mention you and I almost DIED!"  mom exclaims
I nodded my head.  I knew not to argue with my mom on this one, she played the mom car.  Who could compete with that?  "Love you mom!"  I said squeezing her tight.  
"Now be good, a lady, and someone I am proud to have as a daughter." mom said in a serious voice.  
"Yes, Mom."  Jack had told me a long time ago, just nod and say yes dear or yes mom for me, and we would be alright.  Goes back to his other statement, 'If momma aint happy, aint nobody happy!'.  It was truer than anything else he told me, that's for sure!  The drive to the restaurant was pure torture.  I couldn't wait to see Henry.  
It had only been two weeks, and before that, he only existed on TV, radio, and my poster on the wall in my room.   Jack looked over at me.  "Are you ok Alexis?"  I turned to smile at him
"Just anxious...my first date, and its my crush!  A famous singer who is gorgeous and I have no idea why he picked me, moi, of all the girls in the world who are crazy for him!"  I said.
"Look, Alexis, you are a beautiful, vibrant, smart, and funny young lady!  I am so proud to have you as my daughter!  I've watched you grow from  small infant, to a toddler, to a preschooler, a tween, now a almost grown young lady!  I couldn't be more proud.  I don't care if I am not your birth father.  I am your dad, to me, DNA is nothing.  I am your dad and any guy is crazy if he doesn't see how great a catch you are."  he said his voice catching with a hint of tears in his voice and his eyes.
"You are my dad and I love you." I say giving him a side hug as he drove.  We were almost to the restaurant.  We pulled up to Acquello , it was a beautiful gorgeous restaurant that severed Italian. It was a place stars and the super wealthy frequented.  I would have never came here with my family.  My dad may be a doctor, but that doesn't make us super rich like most people think. 
I smoothed my dress, and smacked my lips after applying a layer of lip gloss.  I was ready as I would ever be.  I saw a limo arrive.  Less than a minute later I saw Henry get out of the back.  He was wearing a black t shirt with a linen jacket, white linen dress pants, and leather dress shoes.  His hair was slicked back out of his face.  
"Is that him?" Jack asked.
"Uhhh yeah."  I managed to croak out.  My voice seemed to fail me at this point.  
"He's walking this way."  Jack said, getting out of the minivan.  I was embarrassed that I was brought here with a almost chaperone, as well as a minivan.  How uncool can we get?  I shook my head.  Henry Star, celebrity of One Truth is meeting me, and I am in a Chrysler Town and Country.  Lovely!

CHAPTER 27
Henry walked up to me with a big smile on his face.  He looked gorgeous.  I was at a loss for words yet again.  "Ello beautiful!  Happy birthday Princess Alexis." he said, grabbing me and giving me a big hug.  He smelled so good.  Its so hard to describe the scent.  Best way for me to explain it is, a manly smell mixed with a woodsy forest scent, along with, was it ocean salt water?  I don't know, but it smells amazing all mixed together.  
He was even better looking, funny, smart, and more amazing in person, than I could have ever have dreamt of in my wildest dreams of him.  I knew I loved him as a person, and it was too soon to say I was "in love", but I really truly felt as if I were 'falling in love', like I wasn't saying I was 'in love', but that I was 'falling".
All I know is that it was an amazing feeling, and I never wanted this feeling to end.  I never wanted to let go of him from the hug.  We pulled away from each other.  "Its great to see you Henry!"  I say smiling. "Thanks for coming all this way for me!  I cant believe that someone would come all the way from another country just for me.  For my birthday!" 
Henry grabbed my hand and kissed it.  "For you, Miss Alexis, I would do just about anything, love."  I swooned. He was good, very good at being a gentleman, and probably a player.
"This is my dad, Jack." I said, "Dad, this is Henry Star."  they shook hands.
"Hello.  Nice to finally meet who my daughter has been a fan of forever, and now since you two talk, you have developed something special, I want you to be good to my daughter.  She is a very special, talented, smart, beautiful, and most of all she is my baby girl.  She is like a fragile vase.  You do not handle with care, she will break.  If you break her, I will break you."  Jack says with a smile on his face, but his eyes were serious.  
I had never seen this side of Jack, "DAD!" I said embarrassed.  He just threatened Henry.  I felt like hiding under a rock.  I felt my face reach the color of a tomato.
"Sir I completely understand.  You have my WORD your daughter is in great hands.  I adore her, and I will treat her like the princess she is!"  Henry said putting his arms around me.  He felt so good holding me like that.  I could get used to this.  I thought wistfully.  
"I'll hold you to that bond my friend.  I promise you this, you treat Lexi right, you will have a great ally with my wife and I.  You don't treat her right, you will be wishing you never met any of us, because I will make your life a living hell.  Have any questions?  Did I make myself clear?" Jack said.
"Crystal."  Henry and I said at the same time.  We looked at each other and laughed.  Jack didn't think it was funny, because he looked stoically at us both.
"Lexi, you need to be ready to leave by eleven pm or sooner.  I will be over at the mall.  I got some stuff your mom needs picked up.  But if you need anything, don't hesitate to call or text ok baby girl?" Jack says give me a quick hug.  "Have fun now.  Happy birthday again, and I will see you BOTH later!"  Jack smiled and did the whole I am watching you signal to Henry.  You know the one Robert DeNiro does to Ben Stiller?  Yeah, that one.
We walked into Acquello.  It was so beautiful inside.  The lighting was lamps on the walls, with soft yellow walls and crossed beams on the ceiling. It was decorated with gorgeous flowers in vases on the tables.  The hostess took us to a private room.  It was all ours!  The room we were taken to had salmon colored walls, a chandelier made from crystals, and yellow flowers with a white table cloth covering the table.  Wooden wicker chairs with padding for our seats.  Nice china and sparkling silverware adorned the table.
Our server kept looking at me and at Henry.  You could tell she recognized him, but was not saying anything.  I am sure she has been other stars in here before.  This was a five star restaurant, and the average bill for two people was close to six hundred dollars.  My parents monthly car payments were less than that.
"So your dad?  Kind of intense."  Henry said
"Um, yeah, sorry about that." I said, still embarrassed.  I had never seen Jack quite like that before.
"I totally get it."  Henry said.  "I will probably say the same thing if I ever have a daughter."  Henry said.
"I have never seen him like that before."  I said, taking a drink from the water goblet.  "He is actually my step dad.  He raised me from the time I was six months old.  Remember how I told you my dad is Julio Santos, the singer?  He has never been in my life.  I only have one picture of him holding me in the hospital right after I was born.  After that nothing.  I know that he knows that I am his daughter, but he never sent money to help support me, has done absolutely nothing for me, no letters, no birthday or Christmas cards, no phone calls, and had no problem signing the papers so Jack could adopt me.  Its like he never even cared."  I say.  "Jack has been everything that Julio hasn't.  As far as I am concerned, Julio can stay gone.  I honestly don't know what I would say to him if I were to see him.  I would probably ask him what excuse he thought would be good enough for him to stay gone out of my life this whole time." I said.
Our server took our order.  Henry ordered us a shrimp cocktail for our appetizer as well as some calamari.  I loved me some shrimp and calamari.  I ordered the chicken parmesan, with a  Cesar salad, and Henry ordered a Tuscan Steak, rare with stone crabs.  
We sat and talked about One Truth's upcoming concert tour in Asia, parts of Africa, and Europe.  He was going to be gone for two months on and off.  He told me he had a flat in London, as well as a house in Chelsea, where his family lived.  His flat was his own private haven where he would go to get away to think.  He said he had a dog.  A yorkie named Scrappy.  He had adopted him from a shelter.  He said Scrappy had been in a rough home, abused, not fed.  So when he got him, Scrappy was skinny, and scared.  Now Scrappy was fat and very loving.
Our food arrived, and I was hungry, but didn't want to scarf it down.  I wanted to be a lady.  He was London high society.  He ran in the same circles as royals, as well as other famous people, and he was dating...ME!
"Would you like to see a desert menu?" our server asks us. 
"Oh, no I am stuffed."  I say holding my stomach.
"Oh come on, lets get some tiramisu!" Henry said.  "We can share it." he says to me, turning to our server he tells her, "Bring us some tiramisu please.  Thank you."
"Are you ready for your surprise?" he said, grinning from ear to ear.  I swear, I have never seen teeth so white before in my life. 
"Yes, I think so." I reply smiling.  Henry put some of the tiramisu on a fork and brought it to my lips.  
"Taste this, it is heavenly."  he tells me.  I took a bite.  It was so good.  I don't know if I have ever tasted anything so delicious before in my life.  
"Mmmmm!" I said with my mouth full.  
Henry chuckled, "I told you!  It's one of my favorite things to get here.  He kept giving me forkfuls of the dessert.   It was very delectable.  This date was going so well.  Henry and I, our personalities just complimented each others.  

CHAPTER 28
He was texting someone, then he looked up and said. "Are you ready to go?"  
I smiled.  "As ready as I'll ever be."  I inhaled and exhaled a big breath.  Henry paid the bill, he gave her nine crisp one hundred dollar bills.  I tried not to let my eyes bug our of my skull.  I had never seen that much money paid on a bill at a restaurant before in my life!  We walked out to the limo.  I heard people whispering as we walked through the restaurant.  I have never had so many people stare at me before in my life.  Except for maybe the time I had toilet paper sticking to my shoe and the whole cafeteria at my school saw me do the walk of shame.  How embarrassing.
The driver opened the door to the very 'posh' as the brits say, fancy is what I would say, limo.  It had red velvet seats that when I sat down, I felt like I was melting into them.  It had marble like door handles and molding through out the back.  The windows were of course, tinted black. "Sir, could you please take us to this coordinate?" Henry asked the driver.
"Of course Mr. Star." he replied.
I smiled at him. "Your going to love the view!" Henry said as he put his arm around me.  I sunk into his chest.  He was so solid.  He was not a muscular guy, but he had muscles.  He was lean, but very solid.  His scent drove me wild.  My heart started to beat fast.  Oh, I was falling fast and hard!
"Alexis..." Henry said.
"Huh?" I turned my head and looked up at him. 
"I've been wanting to do this all night."  He said huskily.  He leaned in and gave me my first kiss ever.  It was better than I could have ever imagined.  My head started spinning.  All I could think about was how wonderful it felt.  His lips were so soft, and sensuous.  He lightly sucked on my bottom lip then, then lightly French kissed me, a little bit of tongue, but not a lot.  He then kissed my nose lightly, and took my chin into his hand, looking into my eyes with passion, and kissed me again.  I never wanted it to end.  
My heart was pounding so hard, I thought he could hear it!  He smiled and pulled me to his chest again.  I just blissfully stayed there, and we rode with just the radio playing, Truly, Madly, Deeply by Savage Garden.  I loved that song.   I felt like I was staring in my own romantic movie right now.  It was so unreal.  
The limo stopped.  "Well, we are here!"  Henry said.  "First I need to put this blindfold on your face.  It's a surprise.  I don't want you to see till we are there."  Henry says taking out a black blindfold and tying it on.  I couldn't see anything.
Henry led me out by guiding me with his hand.  I stepped timidly, walking slowly. It felt like we were walking over a field area, like maybe grass?  Then we hit a steel ramp.  Maybe a boat?  I finally reached where we were headed because we stopped.  "OK, hold on Alexis."  Henry said.  I heard steel making a bump, bump, bump, bump, click noise.  I'm was sure we were on a boat.  A romantic boat ride?  That would be awesome, looking up at the stars.  How could this night get any better?  
"OK" Henry said and removed my blindfold.  At first, I saw Henry, he stood there with a weird look on his face.  Almost sinister.  I felt a quick feeling of being scared.  Like an impending danger feeling.  We were on a boat, that was for sure.  I then realized, it was a small fishing boat.  I also realized we were not alone, a older man, balding, was walking to us.  
"So this is Alexis.  One of the enchanted."  he said, with the same evil smile on his face.
"Excuse me?  Who are you?" I say.  I was beyond being weirded out.
"You need not worry about me.  We are here because of you.  I have been waiting to find Julio's long lost child.  I have been searching for a very long time for you."  he tells me.
"Um, why would that be?"  I ask backing up slowly..
"You are special. Encanta!! One from the Enchanted Realm!  Because of who you are, you must be terminated, eliminated."  he said as he slowly withdrew a knife.  It had a pearl handle, and by the looks of it, very sharp blade.  
I started to scream.  "No one will hear you out here.  We are into the bay. Its night."  the man said.  "I am one of the resistance to the Atlantis King.  I will be a hero if I eliminate one of the chosen seven.  I am Silas, and I am Henry's father. "  He continued to say.  
I looked at Henry with a look of betrayal and sadness.  He never cared for me, he had only used me as an ends... The perfect night turned into the worst nightmare.  "Alexis, you are lovely, you truly are.  You are beautiful and smart, and its just too bad you are my mortal enemy.  You can ruin my family, my existence.  I cannot have that."  Henry said, shrugging his shoulders.
"I am lost, what are you talking about?  Are you all psychotic?  What exactly is going on?"  I said turning to look at each one.  
"You are Encanta." Henry said.  "It is a race of water creature.  You are one of many different types.  Well seven to be exact.  The seven full bloods anyway.  Encanta transform into dolphins, pink dolphins specifically.  You are musically inclined.  You are very charismatic. You have 'STAR' quality, you are very good looking, yes?"  Henry asks me.
"Um, I guess I am all of those things, never thought about it.  But dolphin?   Are you insane?  I have never turned into a dolphin."  I tell him.
"I bet you would if I tossed you into the sea."  Henrys dad Silas said.
"I can swim..you toss me in, I'll swim away."  I said.
"Do you think I'm daft?"  Henry asks.  "You are not going into the ocean.  We brought you here to kill you, then toss your body into the sea.  Nobody will find you out here.  The sharks will get rid of the evidence.  They like us anyways.  Some sharks are friends of the resistance.  Even if you are not completely dead, you will die in the sea.  No way would you make it to shore with the amount of damage we will inflict on you."  He said so evil.  
His face had a scowl and he didn't look like the Henry I thought I knew.  I realized, I didn't know him at all.  I didn't know him, I never had.  Just because I had talked to him through text messages for a few weeks, and by phone, as well as this date and when I first met him at AT&T Park was nothing.  This was the REAL Henry Star, If in fact that was even his real name.  
I started to shiver from the ocean breeze.  It was pitch dark out here and I wanted to smack myself.  I had left my phone in the limo.  I couldn't even get hold of Jack!  I was going to die out here. 
"So your are famous, and you are a water creature as well?"  I asked Henry.  I figured if I kept asking him questions, I might stall him till I could find a way to escape.  
"I am an Adaro. What is that?  We are what you get when you cross a Yawkayawk with a Mere and then genetically alter it.  The bottom half of me becomes that of a shark, I have shark fin and razor sharp teeth.  When I'm on land I am in human form.  I was born this way.  But it took many many years and many many mistakes before they perfected us.  My parents were two of the originals, as were the parents to the rest of One Truth.  We are all Adaros.  We became a group for the purpose of being spies for the resistance."
"We can carry back information to them from the rest of the world.  Plus, we have power being celebrities.  We have access to things other do not.  Information other don't have.  No one is the wiser.  Everyone thinks we are a typical boy ban.  Its quite hilarious I think.  If they only knew that we really are the Kamikaze for the Resistance.  Our sole purpose was to find you or one of the other six and kill you, even if that means death to us.  It is the greatest honor."  he says.
I looked at him with disgust.  "My dad and I will be heroes to our cause after this!   You are one of the chosen seven.  You fulfill the prophecy.  If we get rid of you, Atlantis falls!  We win!  You survive, Atlantis could still fall, but we cannot take this chance. You have to die there is not any other choice!"  Henry said.  

CHAPTER 29
I heard a sound like the motor of a boat coming in our direction.  Henry heard it too.  He looked, a small yacht was approaching us at a high speed.  I saw a man who looked very familiar leap from the vessel to our boat.  Henry started immediately attacking him with his fist.  Silas ran towards them with the knife.
"Look out!" I screamed to the man.  He quickly ducked as the blade sunk into Henry's chest.  Henry gasped.  Blood poured from the wound.  Silas screamed.  He went hand to hand combat with the man.
Was that...?  It was!  It was my birth father, Julio!  What was he doing here?  Fighting to save me?  Silas and him fought for what seemed like an eternity.  Finally Julio grabbed the blade that had stabbed Henry.  Henry was laying unresponsive on the floor of the boat.  He appeared to be dead.  Julio stabbed the knife repeatedly into Silas.  Silas screamed, then convulsed, and took his last breath. 
Julio yelled, "Alexis, lets go."  Someone else was driving the other water craft, and pulled it up to the boat.  "Jump!" He commanded.  I did as he said, and as soon as we were in the yacht, we sped away.
"What in the hell?" I said puzzled.
"Alexis, my dear.  I did not expect my next time to see you to be in the grasp of our mortal enemies.  Nor did I expect to kill two of them in front of you on your sixteenth birthday.  I take it you know who you are?"  He said in a  slight accent.  
He still looked the same.  He was how he looked in the photo.  Black hair slicked back, green eyes, and olive skin tone.  He embraced me.  I stiffened.  Don't get me wrong I was grateful for the rescues but this is the man who has not bothered with me since I was born.
"What is the matter my princess?"  my dad said.
"Where were you all of these years?"  I ask coldly.
"I can explain more later.  Now we need to get out of here.  We need to get to safety, away from where the resistance people were.  We don't need more attention drawn to our kind.  WE need to get you to safety.  You are one of the chosen, and now that you are sixteen, and the resistance has already found you, we need to go.  Now I need you to follow me."  my dad said. and he jumped into the water.
I looked at him like he was insane.  I'm supposed to just jump into the middle of the ocean after a man I haven't seen except in pictures my whole life, without question?  But then he did just rescue me and seemed to be the only person who wanted to keep me ALIVE around here tonight so I just thought, what the hell, worse thing is I get wet, right?
I jump in and suddenly there is a dolphin right next to me, where my father should have been.  I felt myself start to shift and my last thought as a human was, 'this cant be happening, this cant be real'.  It felt like a tingly sensation all over, almost burning, all of the sudden I felt a tail.  I had flippers, and a tail!  
I swam, it came natural.  I was a freaking dolphin.  Even better, I was a freaking pink dolphin.  I looked so cool.   I tried to jump, I saw the moon as I jumped out of the water, it was exhilarating.  I felt so free.  I was what they said I am, this was unreal.  My day started as a teen girl going on a date with a teen heartthrob, now my day is ending swimming in the ocean as a dolphin.  
I am one of the chosen, I am swimming the ocean as a dolphin for God's sake, this is so crazy.  I do a backflip and giggle, but it come out as a dolphin squeak.  My dad swims next to me, touching his fin to mine.  It looks as though he is smiling at me.  We continue to swim and play in the ocean. This is who I was meant to be.  
I am mad, and will continue to be mad for awhile.  My dad has a lot of explaining to do, and he would have to explain it not only to me but also to my mother.  But I guess we are from Atlantis, a civilization I thought did not exist anymore, but I am also the person who will save or ruin it.  Well me and six others.  Where were the other six?   Where are they?  Were they ok?  I hope so. 
I hope we could all be safe till this prophecy would be fulfilled.  I hope that someone will tell my Mom and Jack where I was, and that I was fine, alive, well, and with my father.  Would I ever be able to return to my old life?  I had so many questions running around in my head that it's not even funny.  
I am a teen girl who can transform into a dolphin, I almost got killed by one of the most famous teen heartthrobs in the world, and the birthfather I haven't seen in over fifteen years saved me.
I am Encanta.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
We would like to thank God first and foremost for giving us not only the talent to write such an amazing story.  But also for giving us the support group we have had with this project.  We would like to thank Saras husband Tonyray Simmons and our amazing children Diana, Hannah, and Emily (Saras daughters), and Cameron, Alexis, and Lilyana (Larisas children).  We would like to thank our mothers, Diana Brooker, Evelyn Miller, Emma Miller, Brenda Ware, and Vickie Young.  We would like to thank our fathers Bill Riley and Larry Miller.  We would like to send special thanks out to our sisters Lisa Stutzman and Lisa Kinzey and our chosen sister and family, Crystal and Harold Amstutz and their children, Michael, Rikki, and Dakota.  We would like to send a big thank you out to William Daniels our amazing editor and to Ashley Clark our promoter.  Also to some of our favorite writers that encouraged us on our journey Sarra Cannon, BlaQue, Cachet Johnson, Sha Jones, Sham, and David Macgowan.  We have many more projects in minds for our future.  Thank you all so much.


Dear Readers,
This is our very first book out.  This is our second publication of this book due to our switching from working with a publishing company to starting our own company.  We hope that you enjoy our book.  It is a story that is closed to our hearts.
While the characters in this book are completely fake, we have named them  and fashioned them after our own children and other children that we consider our own.  We love the story of how these characters found out who they are and what they are meant to do.  The journey with them is amazing and has just begun.
We hope that you look forward to reading about the next set of characters as much as we enjoy writing their stories.  We also are excited to tell you that you will learn a little bit about Atlantis in the second book.  Thank you so much for sharing our story.
You can always find us on facebook at www.facebook.com/serenitytwins or on twitter @serenitytwins14 and also on Amazon at amazon.com/author/serenitytwins thank you again.
Sincerely,
Serenity Twins
Sara Simmons
Larisa Miller



AUTHOR BIO
 

Serenity Twins is the combined collaboration of Sara Simmons and Larisa Miller.  Sara and Larisa met in 8th grade and have been best friends every since.  They did everything together.  Such as going to church three to four times a week, joining journalism, and singing in a Christian group with Larisas sister and mother.  
Sara and Larisa were in the class of 1998 at Orrville High School, they then went off to Oklahoma, lived a short time in Kentucky, followed by a few years in Illinois before settling down in Milwaukee Wisconsin where they both reside now.
They are still the best of friends and are as close as any two sisters can be.  They both have three children.  Sara has three beautiful girls, Diana, Hannah, and Emily.  While Larisa had the only boy and two girls, Cameron, Alexis, and Lilyana.
Larisa's little family shares a home with Saras mother, who listens to the books that Serenity Twins puts out without complaint, while Sara and her husband, Tonyray Simmons, and children live less than a mile away.  They spend their time watching netflix, having noisy weekend sleep overs with the kids and a few of their friends, and reading books.  They are constantly telling each other about new books and authors to check out and then comparing them.
Their goal is to one day be able to support themselves and their families by writing.
