

Newlander  Arrivals
(The Newlander, #1)
By David Dire
Copyright David Dire, 2014
Published by Dark Light Books, 2014


David Dire on Smashwords



Disclaimer:
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to characters living or dead is purely coincidental. The author retains all rights, and no part of this work may be reproduced without prior permission, apart from fair quote usage by reviewers.



Awakenings

I felt a searing pain rush through my skull, bringing me back to consciousness. I clasped both my hands around my temples in a vain attempt to stifle the sharp discomfort I was experiencing. Slowly, carefully - almost as if to prevent my aching head slipping off of my shoulders - I opened my eyes. A windowless room with a cream colored ceiling, a dome-like black object hanging down off-center from it, with what looked like several lenses around its periphery. One small red L.E.D signaled it was functioning, as it intermittently flashed on and off at the pace of a pulse. Noticing my movement, it began to rotate one of its lenses toward me, its whirring sound being the only noise in the room to break the silence. For a moment, I felt a fear rise-up within me, and then had to ask myself exactly what I was fearful of.
I sat up, taking in my surroundings.
A wooden spindle-backed chair with a thin red and white check padded cushion, small ties on its back securing it on its base, in the corner of what looked to be a six-by-six room with a black and white checked floor. A dresser with a black umbrella leaned up beside it, with a man staring right back at me, a man with jet black hair in a neat side parting. There was a look of contorted pain on his face, mixed with what could only be described as an apprehension of the unknown, that at that point, I could certainly relate to. In the reflection, he reached up to touch his own face just as I was then also doing, and I realized the image was of myself. Something crept up into my awareness, like a nocturnal predator stalking in the darkness: I had no idea who I was, or where I was.
I rushed to my feet, leaping off the bed as if ready to attack an invisible foe that had yet to appear, but the searing in my head sent me crumpling to the sheen floor, and I groaned, my body instinctively going into the fetal position, as a constant attention toward me from above was again signaled by the mechanical whirring.
I began to control my breath, slowly breathing in and out to try to regulate my heartbeat, along with the thumping pain. After a few moments lying on the cold floor - the agony receding - I slowly sat up, pulling myself to my feet using the end of the bed for support, not trying to walk, but just knowing that standing in-and-of-itself, was a major achievement for me at that point.
My awareness began careening through the passageways of my mind, trying to recall my last memory, or some thought Id had before my predicament. But there was nothing, nothing whatsoever. I looked at my hands, as if doing so would give me some clue as to who I was. But no clue was apparent no wedding ring, or any other signs of identity. Placing my bare feet one foot in front of the other, I carefully walked over to the dresser. An averagely muscled body, a face, dignified - and perhaps even what might be called classically handsome - yet with a brooding overcast look in the eyes, a look that seemed to hint that the bearer of it had seen things hed rather not have. My only clothing, a pair of white briefs.
I quickly pulled open the drawers of the dresser, one by one. Starched white shirts. Many starched white shirts, one exactly the same as the next, all neatly folded.
On top of the dresser, I noticed a sleek inlaid lime-green button. I tentatively pressed it, and jumped with a start as what appeared to have previously been part of the wall slid into itself, revealing a walk-in wardrobe. I glanced nervously up at the black dome above me, before realizing there was nothing I could do about it being there. Walking into the wardrobe I saw ten pinstriped suits on a chrome rail, again, each one the same as the last. A black bowler hat atop a tie rack to the side, the ties patterned with ivory white and cherry red stripes.
I edged backward out of the wardrobe and stared at the door opposite the bed, knowing I had to go through it, the only exit. I had no way to know what was on the other side of that door. But I knew, one way or another, the answers I sought were somehow beyond it. A gateway to knowledge wanted or unwanted, but unavoidable knowledge, none-the-less. Id surely be able to confirm who I was, at the very least. By the look of all the suits, I surmised I must have been some kind of businessman. Probably with a wife and children, judging by my age. Yet there was no sound I could discern from outside, no laughter from children playing and creating mischief, or admonishments from a mother for the same. And still, something above me, watching, waiting.
I took a step toward the door, and stopped, knowing that it would be inappropriate if anyone saw me with so few clothes on. Going back into the wardrobe, I put on one of the suits, and then suddenly took a chance on the possibility that I could find out who I was by searching my pockets. In the inside pocket of the blazer, my hands touched upon a small rectangle piece of card, and with a feeling of relief, I took it out, but my relief was short-lived. On the muted-white colored business card was one typed word in the center, a name: John. My name was John? It didnt sound right, and I almost stumbled as I searched my hands through the pockets of the other suits, each one containing the exact same card, with the exact same name on it.
There was no other information present; no job title, no place of work, and no telephone number. I placed the first card back in my pocket, and willed myself to go through the door. My hands reached up as if to straighten a tie that I wasnt wearing, and was left hanging. I rubbed my sweating palms down the lapels of the blazer, and took one step forward toward the door, reaching my hand out to the handle. But it was unnecessary, the door opened outward of its own accord, a final clicking sound telling me when it had completed its ninety degrees of movement, an invitation for me to step into unknown.



I stood for what seemed like an age just staring out into that room, but not entering. There in front of me, was what looked like a regular interior of a home. A wood veneer bookcase with a television within one of its squared sections. Two knobs on it, one to turn it on and off, I assumed, and the other for what I took to be the volume. In front of the television and bookcase, a three piece suite, taupe colored with chrome armrests and legs. On the mauve patterned wallpaper a white picture frame hung, minus the picture. I looked down at the floor, and noticed I wasn't wearing any socks, so I went back in the walk-in wardrobe and located one draw with numerous black pairs. Slipping some on, I then took my first tentative steps onto the olive colored carpet. Its softness was somehow reassuring, but I peered around the back of the door frame, almost expecting to see someone on the other side, but all I saw were net curtains over two windows, the rays of light coming in through them indicating it was daylight outside.
In the center of the room was another black camera looming above my head. I turned a full three-hundred-and-sixty degrees once, twice, three times, before I felt disorientated. Nothing looked familiar to me. I walked over to the bookshelf, moving my attention past the flowerless potted plant and onto the books. None of them had titles on their spine, and I picked one out, opening it. I stared at the words for a few moments, focusing hard on each one, willing myself to understand them, before I knew they were just letters strung together without any meaning that I could ascertain. A jumbled set of characters randomly placed together, perhaps. I brought the book closer to my eyes, close enough that I could see the grain in the pulp of the paper and smell it - the musty smell of old literature, so familiar - but still, I couldnt comprehend the meaning of those words on the page.
Abruptly, the sound of a bell broke my focus, and I walked around the room to try to locate the source of the angry but insistent noise. On a veneered table, beside a bowl of fresh purple grapes, a bright red telephone rang, the vibration of it making the curled cord that connected its two parts bristle. I looked around as if expecting someone else to rush to answer it, but no one came. I stood over it for a few moments, before slowly picking it up and putting the receiver to my ear.
A curt female voice crackled,
Time to go to work. And then hung up, leaving a dialing tone reverberating in my eardrum.
I stared at the receiver for a few moments, and then down at the telephones dial. I placed my finger within the circular hole over the number nine so I could phone someone, anyone - maybe a friend who could calm my mind - before realizing I didnt know anyones number. I didnt know anyone.



Work? What work? I searched my mind for answers, but none were forthcoming. I began to tear open all the drawers I could find, yet invariably, they were empty. In the kitchen there were only plain packages simply labeled with their contents in the cupboards, but no branding. Frustrated, I ripped one open, pasta shells pattering to the floor like drops of tiny marble rain.
One bedroom. One front room. A bathroom, with an unused shaving kit and a small bottle of Aqua-Velva, and a kitchen. Yet there was another door I located hidden behind the back of a sofa that was up against a wall, it didn't even reach waist height, yet in all other ways, it looked like an ordinary door. Four inlaid wood panels, and one word carved into the center of the dark teak, 'Basement', it read. I reached towards the metal knob that reflected my perturbed expression upon it and contorted it further, yet stopped myself from turning it. Vaguely, through the the door, I was able to make out a humming noise. A hum that continued on its length, before abruptly clicking to a halt, and then beginning again. A generator? I got down on my knees and put my ear closer to it. The lens of the camera above focused down on me, and I stood up again, staring back down at the knob. I stepped backwards and turned, almost falling over the sofa as I did so, my nerves getting the better of me, and looked to the front door of my home at the welcoming opaque daylight that was coming through the windows either side of it. Not now. I told myself, I needed to go outside, I needed to go to work. Work? What work?

The door opened of its own volition as I approached it, and white plastic squares rose from the earth on the outside door step, extending one by one along and down to the street that ran parallel to the house - a pneumatic sound signaling when each one had found its resting place - until they had made a pathway for me across the front yard. On instinct, I rushed back into the house to get the bowler hat which I then positioned awkwardly on my head, and went back to the front of the house. I glanced up at the electric azure sky, cotton clouds drifting by as a tubular shaped distant object emerged from behind one of them, thrusting itself by some unknown force across the expanse of skyline and out of sight, a sonic-boom punctuating its departure. My attention drew back to the tree-lined street in front of me, and I placed my first foot on the white tile with the grass teasing over its edges. Feeling its firmness beneath me as I shifted my weight on it, I placed my other foot on the next one. The heat of the sun hit me as I emerged from the building. I continued until I reached the iron gate at the bottom of the path, and turned to look back at where I had come from. A single-story house, pastel blue in color, and to its left extending along the street, a line of single-story structures exactly the same, except each one was of an alternating pastel color; blue, green, yellow, pink, purple, and orange. By contrast, the front door of each of the houses was painted in a different color to its surrounding concrete frame, yet the same color as another house close by it. A blue house, a green door. A yellow house, a pink door. A purple house, with an orange door. Each building, with a different color combination. I asked myself if this was strange, yet couldnt decide. But it felt strange. For all I knew, this was completely normal, and it was I that was out of place.
A voice suddenly made me whip round,
Good day, John.
A man wearing a bowler hat and in a pinstriped suit the same as my own, sailed past on a black bicycle, as he tipped his hat in my direction. I smiled and nodded, not wanting to give away my anxious state of mind. He knew me, that much was obvious, and my name was John. Progress.
The man rode away through the leafy lane under the shadows cast by the arching trees. I looked right in the direction from which the man had come, and decided to go down the street toward a black pyramid-like structure that was ahead of me. On the corner of an intersection, it stood out as being the only landmark of note.
I noticed a numbered plaque on the fence of each of the driveways of the houses as I passed them, thirty-five, thirty-four, thirty-three. All of them numbered in descending order. Ahead of me, another man in a pinstriped suit and a bowler hat began coming out of his home, bone colored panels extending from his front door through the grass and stopping just before the sidewalk. I realized if I continued at the pace I was at, we would meet just as he got off the pathway. I decided to speed up so as to avoid him, feeling my heart pounding in my chest. But it was too late. I'd already been noticed, and he was beaming at me.
I put my hands in my pockets, shuffling along the street faster than before, but hopefully not so fast as to give away my nerves.
He called out, making me stop dead in my tracks,
Late for work, John? He asked, opening his gate and then standing in my way.
He looked to be in his mid-forties, with a self-assured gait about him, and using a black umbrella almost as a walking cane.
I suppose so. I ventured, not knowing what other kind of response would be appropriate.
The man looked down at my shirt, and grinned,
I see you've forgotten your tie. He pointed.
I held my hand to where my tie should have been, and noticed he was wearing the same red and white tie that I'd seen on the tie rack in the house, and wondered if Id made a big mistake.
Why yes, I allowed my face to warm into an ironic grin, I suppose I have. I was really rushing to get out of the house today.
Quite. The man agreed, But you really must be more careful next time. System doesnt allow for such oversights on our little Island of Stability. Men in our position must always keep up the standards.
His brown eyes studied my reaction; I could see he was trying to work out what I was thinking. His tone wasnt one of hostility, more one of implicit caution, a manner of speech that seemed to assume I knew exactly what he was talking about.
I decided to try and get some information from him. If I could just make sure he didnt realize how confused I was, everything might be okay I assured myself.
I know this is going to sound a little strange, I said to him, affecting an affable smile, but I dont suppose you could tell me what day it is? I laughed, and scratched my head, Only, it seems to have quite slipped my mind.
It was an innocuous question, surely. One that wouldnt arouse too much suspicion anywhere.
He squeezed at my shoulder, as if understanding me completely,
Its perfectly okay. The day is today. He nodded, in such a matter-of-fact manner that it caught me off guard, and I pondered for a few moments as to why I hadnt known the day was today, before I came to my senses.
The man looked at his watch,
Anyway, I really must be going.
Whats the time? I asked, hoping for any further piece of information, however slight, that could help orientate me.
Take a look for yourself. He held his wrist out towards me so I could see his watch, a chrome bracelet with a black inlaid dial, notches all the way around its circumference, with two ticking hands.
He must have noticed my look of confusion. The position of the hands meant nothing to me. Was it the lack of numbers or symbols? I didnt know, all I knew was my brain was drawing a blank where there probably should have been an answer.
Youre really out of sorts today, arent you John? He sighed, leaning back slightly and looking at me with pity in his eyes, You see, this is what can happen when youre late and havent been paying the prerequisite amount of attention to the work.
I just stared at him blankly, completely oblivious as to how I was supposed to respond. He rolled his eyes and showed me his watch again,
There are nine degrees between the big hand and the little hand. So... Whats the time? He asked, as if he were teaching a five-year-old.
I shook my head, and he looked to the sky in exasperation,
I really think you need to get more sleep, John. The time is nine degrees, obviously. And in eighteen degrees time, when the big hand goes past the little hand, it will be nine degrees again.
I felt like a child, and I nodded as if Id finally understood and felt relieved.
Yes, yes, of course. I really dont know what came over me. I didnt sleep well at all last night.
Quite, quite. Its really no bother at all old chap. Anyway, I must be off. He waved, walking past me down the street in the other direction, and I briskly continued along my course toward the black angled shelter that was glimmering in the morning sun.
Disorientation

As I approached the pyramid, I saw around the other side of it. It was a kind of shelter, with a varnished wooden bench within it, and a screen scrolling names with several red blips that were moving around the black plexy-glass of the interior. I stepped into it, placing my shaking hands firmly on the edges, and saw a white circle appear, motionless in the direct line of one of the red dots that was traveling toward it. I backed-out of the shelter, and saw the white blip disappear only for it to re-emerge when I re-entered. I stood there transfixed by the movement of that red circle, knowing something would happen when it arrived. A slight breeze hung around the corners of the shelter leading me to shiver, although waves of heat were ever-present, and the sound of a horse-engine echoed from below the ridge of the hill in the distance. I peered out and saw the curved head of a red double-decker bus appear over the rise, and watched it grow in size and vibrancy as it got closer and closer. It pulled to a stop beside me, its break-pads squealing as they must have done a thousand times before. The blacked out windscreen of the drivers cab was no comfort, but from the back opening, a man appeared hanging out of the bus with his hand gripped onto a white pole, a cap that matched his black uniform perched atop his head firmly. I must have been giving him a vacuous look, as he finally asked,
Are you getting on or arent you, John? I havent got all day, you know?
I snapped out of it, and hopped on and went inside. Rows of chairs, some with people, some empty, and took a seat beside a window, thinking better of ascending the stair-well. The bus pulled away with a roar, as the conductor rang the bell with the cord that ran the length of the bus above my head. No one payed me any mind, but I was shocked to see people attired in similar clothing. Either the pin-stripped suit I was wearing with a bowler hat, or the women in vertical stripped black and white hour-glass dresses - tight like a corset at their waists. The women all had their hair down, with the bottom strands curling upwards, and wore circular white plastic-button earrings.
Five credits. I heard a man say, and turned to see the conductor looking down at me, an electric screened device in his palm.
Credits? Why, I have none! I replied, feeling further discomfort.
He shrugged, scanning across my body with the contraption, until the device he was holding gave a pinging noise that satisfied him, and he placed it back in his pocket.
Itll just get deducted when you do get some. You cant be on the Island of Stability without any credits, John, he explained, leaning on the handrail of the chair in front of me, Its just not possible. You know what happens to anyone without credits on the Island?
His question was rhetorical judging by the sound of it, and I felt irrationally foolish yet again for not knowing the answer, and gripped my hands into my thighs.
Yes, of course, Im not really feeling myself today. I lied, not really knowing how I usually would feel at the best of times.
Hmm, yes, I can see that.
Tell me, where does this bus go? I asked, I know that may seem like a strange question.
The number ten bus goes to many places on the island, but Im guessing you want the route to the square?
The Square?
You are going to work, arent you, John?
I didnt know, but I supposed I was, as his familiarity with me led me to believe he knew better than I myself did as to what I was doing. Remembering the bizarre phone call to my home - and the fact everyone seemed to be making the assumption I was on my way to some kind of job - I replied,
Of course, yes I am.
I saw no other answer as a possibility, as I was plainly going somewhere, like a ball that had begun rolling down a hill without any ability to stop its own momentum.
Then youll obviously be going to The Square today, wont you?
Obviously. I nodded, smiling at him and trying to give him the impression that I was just a little perplexed.
He walked back down the length of the bus, and my attention drifted to the world outside as the bus wound its way like a spiral carousel around the island's hills, a view of the sun-soaked sea peeping through the branches of the trees, branches that intermittently crashed with the body of the bus on the upper-deck.
My name was John, and I was on a island, and I had a job. A job that no doubt earned me credits. But why couldnt I live on the island without credits? Was it simply an ironic statement on his part, or had he meant something altogether different, I wondered.
Structures began to pass-by when we drew closer to a more built-up area as we ascended. I reached within my pockets as if to reassure myself, to find something that would give me a sense of belonging or identity. But I already knew Id find nothing, and my empty fists clenched within my jacket pockets.
Looking at the architecture I tried to place their style hoping it would jog my memory. But there was a disparity to them. The buildings didnt match each other, and I also couldnt ascertain their function from their exterior. Some had the framed stone arched windows of old looking buildings, others, plain drab and gray boxes, without windows that I could see from the bus, or even apparent entrances.
The Square. The conductor suddenly shouted, making me jump up and go towards the exit.
This was my stop, but I paused before I got off under his watchful gaze,
My good man, can you tell me if this bus will get me back to my home if I take it going in the opposite direction?
You can get the number nine bus, ten, twelve and fourteen, all roads lead to home, John.
I laughed, as if hed said something amusing. It was the only response that struck me as correct at that moment.
Dont be late. He waved, as I stepped onto the warm sidewalk outside.
Late. I didn't know how could I be late when I had no idea what time it was, or what time I was supposed to be somewhere. It made no sense.
I waved him off, as the red bus drew past my line of sight like a drape being opened, and saw what had to be The Square in front of me, only it was inexplicably in the formation of a triangle, with two high buildings longer than they were high along each side. But what struck me most, was what was on the apex of a hill to their rear - a tall, plain and black dominating glass building, ascending far up into the sky.

...

I crossed the road, not having to avoid any traffic, because there was scant little. Entering The Square, a young blond haired man in an impeccably fitted pinstriped suit was crouched down, casting two dice onto the floor, and making note of their final resting place numbers in with a pencil in a paper pad, before tossing them again, his intense focus ignoring my black polished shoes glinting in the sun as they passed below and in front of him. I raised my hat a little, wiping my brow of the sweat that was beginning to form on it, and looked up at the unforgiving sun beating down upon me, and then back up at the black monolithic building that wouldve cast a shadow over us were it not for the fact that the sun was urging me forward from behind.
People milled about the square, ignoring me and looking as if they had a definite destination, and I tried to do the same, not desiring to stand-out.
A female voice came from behind me, making me jump.
Youre late, John.
I turned around to see a slim gamine-like woman wearing a russet colored pencil-tight skirt with matching jacket, and a white armband with the black symbol of Z on it. The waist of her jacket was tight, tighter than I ever imagined it could go on a woman. The matching pillbox hat with netting that delicately descended down half the side of her perfectly made-up face, gave her a look of sophistication, and her beauty spot just above her mouth, gave her a hint of the exotic.
Her scarlet red lips sealed as she took a puff on a thin cigarette while she stared at me, and she blew menthol smoke out of a narrow opening she formed at the side of her mouth,
Well?
Im sorry, I blustered, straightening my suit, something came up.
She eyed me with the kind of amusement an eight-year-old boy would have had if hed trapped a bug within the confines of a matchbox, with a lens held over it, the insect unable to escape the rays of the sun magnifying into its smoldering body.
Follow me, John. She instructed, turning and walking ahead of me toward the black building, her manner making me feel she had some kind of disdain for my very existence.
I followed behind her as she walked, wondering how her legs could even move in the tight skirt that ended just above her knees, but the clacking sound of her black high heels on the concrete surface beneath her feet, almost hypnotic.
I suppose you must be wondering why you are here, right John?
The smoke from her cigarette lingered in the stifling heat behind her, entering my lungs despite me trying to avoid it, as I attempted to match her pace.
Im here to work, of course. I told her, my eyes shifting from left to right, trying to notice anything that would illicit a recollection.
She spun around in front of me and stopped dead, halting my momentum abruptly, her cool gray mascaraed eyes half way open, and a grin beginning to spread across her face,
So, whats your job then? She asked, blowing a plume of smoke up into the air, her neck exposed to me and the contours of her jaw-line emphasized, her skin pulled tight across it.
I began to stammer, this was one question I couldnt answer. But if I couldnt answer it, what did that mean? My mind raced trying to grasp onto anything, just anything that I could use, or say, something that might give her the answer she was looking for.
My head sank,
I dont know.
Her eyes lazily blinked, as if the depth of my ignorance had sent an orgasmic thrill throughout her entire body. She opened the fingers of her hand, letting the lit cigarette fall to the ground, before extinguishing it by crushing it below the sole of her foot,
Of course you dont, John. She laughed, No one knows what their job is when they first get to The Island of Stability. Its my job to tell you what your job is, John.
I let out a deep sigh, relieved that I hadnt forgotten that which I didnt already know, but it was too soon replaced by a sense of unease, because I was still unaware what my occupation actually was, where I was, or how I had gotten there.
An anger began to arrive inside of me; if I had only just arrived there, then what was all of this? The island, her, what was it all about? I was interrogating my mind for answers that were simply absent.
What is this place? Why why am I here! Who, I clamped my head between the palms of my hands,  who are you, who am I?
She didnt flinch at my emotions that were threatening to erupt,
You know who you are, John, and why you are here. She turned again, and began to walk away, and I followed her like a lost puppy.
The Island of Stability is a nice place, John. As long as you follow the rules, that is, then Im sure youll get along very well here. She looked off to either side of the square as if admiring the view as we walked towards the furthermost acute angle of the triangle.
I demand answers! I shouted, leading all the people who were walking past to suddenly stop dead in their tracks, and turn to face me, staring, expressionless.
She walked close to me once more, her face inches away from my own,
Demand? Do you really think you are in a position to, she guffawed, demand?
I backtracked, knowing the futility of my situation, and the unease of everyone staring making me strikingly apprehensive.
I just want answers. Please.
The people who had just been watching me up to that point, continued on their way, as if nothing untoward had happened.
Tell me why Im here.
She shrugged,
To work, of course.
What kind of work?
The kind of work you are suited to. She responded.
But I I dont know what work Im suited to.
Well, well. Confession will be much more difficult then, wont it?
Confession? Confess to what?
Her face loomed close to my own, scowling,
You know very well what!
I denied it, I had no idea what she wanted to hear me say.
She brightened slightly,
You know, John, a man like you could learn to get quite comfortable here. She teased her fingertip between the material of the lapels on my suit jacket, her eyes taking me in, You just need to give us what we want.
She pointed to the building on the left, a gray stone block structure, with a flat roof, a mirror of the building to its opposite.
Thats the BDL, the Department of Cohesion. And the building on the opposite, she pointed, the ELA, the Department of Inclusion, they keep our island functioning efficiently. And as long as you are following the program, theres really no reason for you to have much contact with them at all.
Along the road a black Cadillac came, its angular back fins with small, concentrated red jets of flames, shooting inches from its rear, its chassis hovering a few feet off the ground.
And if I dont follow the program? I asked.
The woman looked towards the car, and noticed a man who had just past us and was attempting to cross the street. She clicked her fingers in the air, pointing directly at him, seeming to indicate to the Cadillac her intentions. The car skimming along the surface of the road, sped-up, its headlights glaring on, as the sun reflected off its black visor, and to the screams of the man who had just noticed it racing toward him from his left, it then smashed into his vulnerable body, leaving him in a crumpled mess in its wake. It then dropped down to a normal speed, and continued on its way down the street unimpeded.
Of course, that is your choice. We are all free to make our choices in this world, John.
Asking the woman anything that might help me understand was quite obviously pointless, I realized. Attacking things headlong would get me nowhere, that much was already apparent. I decided Id keep my mouth shut and play along with her, and this, this charade, or whatever it was, until I could find a way out of my predicament, or achieve some semblance of knowledge as to my identity.
Its Janet. She suddenly said.
What?
My name. Its Janet, you rudely hadnt even bothered to ask. She slid her body closer to mine, Now, is that any way to treat a lady? She smiled, warming her expression.
No, no its not. Do forgive me, I seem to have forgotten my manners.
Ill forgive you, John, if for the only reason that I must confess, we dont get many men like you around here.
Perhaps we started off on the wrong foot, I offered, I should have attempted to get to know you better first.
Coquettishly, she laughed,
Oh, theres really no need. her mood changed in an instant, I only need your confession, John.
She was toying with me.
I decided to change my tact,
So, Janet, you work for the BDL or the ELA?
Neither, she pointed to the letter Z on her armband, I work for The Order of N. she then directed my attention up to the ominous black building.
The Order of N? And what are they responsible for on this island?
The Order of N is responsible for making sure that the BDL and the ELA are functioning correctly, to ensure the good working progress of the islands citizens.
And you are the head of The Order of N?
She laughed, covering her mouth, with her hand inches away from it,
Oh no, I am only the number two.
Then who is the the leader of this island?
Well, that question could be answered in a few different ways John, but most would say System-one is.
When can I meet him?
No one said you could meet him, John. Anything you require, you can go through me. But maybe, once you confess, maybe then - if our leader wants to give you such a high privilege - he will deign to meet you.
How can I confess to something that I dont know I should confess to? Much less, remember.
She shrugged,
If thats the way you want to play it John, then I think were done for the day. If you do have anything to tell me, then just pick up the phone.
I scanned her face for some hint of irony, but found none,
Whats your number?
Ive already told you my number, John; dont be so dull. Bye for now, oh, and feel free to enjoy the island, as you will.
She sauntered away and out of my line of sight, disappearing among the crowds of citizens in the square. I felt the sweat running down my back and wanted to take my suit jacket off, but looking around, no one else had done so. I worried it would draw too much attention to myself if I did, so I kept it on and walked toward a street I could see off to the side of the triangle, rows of single-story buildings lining either side of it.
Reaching the entrance to the street, it looked nondescript, yet somehow, striking in its familiarity to me. There were generic names above the storefront windows, hardware store, liquor store and grocery store. Their white fascias all uniform, but eerie in their plainness. I walked inside the grocery store, the bell above the door ringing, and I expected someone to greet me. But no one did. The shelves were filled with unbranded labeled items, just like my kitchen had been; but when my eyes located the store counter, my senses felt electrocuted by the macabre. There, mouth agape, was a motionless dummy, a brown wig positioned clumsily upon its head, and its body looking charred and burnt. I stumbled back, knocking down a shelf of beans, before regaining my composure and standing upright again. The dummy remained behind the counter, its face fragmented, with what looked like a skull beneath it, eyes wide in horror.
I slowly went toward it, and heard the whirring of the camera following my movements once more. That ever present black dome above my head. I continued to the counter until I was face-to-face with the dummy, I reached out towards it to touch it, and brought my hand back quickly, as if my touch would have brought it to life. But of course, it did not. Charred strands of clothing hung off of it, and bones peered through the burnt plastic, but I realized they were not real bones, they had only been painted on for effect. I slowly stepped backwards not taking my eyes off it, and then turned and rushed out of the door, my breath heavy, and my heart palpitating fast. There was no one on the street to see me, and so I edged towards the hardware store next door, peering in through the window with both my hands either side of my eyes so I could see clearly through the glass. Inside was another dummy, yet this time, the one behind the counter was dressed as a female, sporting a hideous red wig. She was joined in front of the counter by a woman and a child - also manikins - made to look as if they were shopping. I carefully went inside, there was what sounded like the clicking of a recording, and I heard a childs voice speak,
Mommy, why was Daddy so angry today?
An adult female voice replied,
I dont know petal, he sometimes gets like that, dear.
The recording stopped, clicking and then repeated on a loop. I got out of there as fast as I could, staying even less time than I had at the previous store, and felt only slight relief as I stood again on the barren street.
Home, Sweet Home

The roar of an engine from down the street caught my attention on the otherwise empty strip, and I noticed it was a number twelve double-decker bus. It alighted beside me, and I looked towards its entrance, half expecting to see someone. I glanced back to the hardware store, and knew at the very least, I didnt want to stay on that street, and as the bus began to pull away - as if deciding not to wait for me - I hopped on quickly, glad to escape, and saw the same conductor I had before, and felt some sense of normalcy.
Quite out of instinct, I asked him,
Does this bus go to...  and then I realized I didnt have any destination in mind.
The conductor cocked his head to the side, and I hoped hed remember me from that morning, so at the bare-minimum, hed say something that would be of help.
Your home? He finished my sentence.
Home. The sound of that word filled me with the comfort of forgiving familiarity, a sense of sanctuary in an otherwise chaotic and maddening day. Home.
Yes, I nodded, holding onto the bar when the bus turned the corner somewhat sharply, my home.
All roads lead to home, John. He replied.
I smiled and walked past him and took a seat. This was just a bad dream, it had to be, and it was coming to an end. All I had to do was let go, and I would arrive safely home. With the sound of the engine vibrating beneath my seat, I closed my eyes. It felt instinctively like the right thing to do. There had been a knowing in the conductors voice, like perhaps a part of my own mind amusing itself. I felt my head half unconsciously-begin to nod downward due to mental fatigue, a feeling of somnambulistic quietude washing over me, as the light of the sun intermittently broke through the barrier of the tree branches when we passed them by, warming my back through the windows, and imparting to me the kind of enveloped security usually only known to babes in their cradle on a Summers day.



John. John. I heard a soft female voice call. I lazily began to awake from my slumber. 
A thousand bizarre images of my previous state suddenly rushed through my mind.
John.
The voice grew more insistent, and a feminine hand gently shook me.
I felt myself sigh, and my eyes began to squint open, welcoming my deliverance.
There in front of me, was the rosy-red lipped smiling face of a woman, with my gradually opening eyes creating an almost tunnel-vision halo effect around her. When my eyes widened still more, I saw another face.
Its your stop, John. All roads lead to home. He repeated.
It was the conductor. I was still on the bus. Still on the island.
An older man in front of me huffed, turning back toward us, his brow creasing and irritated by my slowness,
I say, could you please hurry up. I have an appointment.
I sat up straight, rubbing my hands over my face. The woman - a fellow passenger on the bus - sat back down, satisfied that shed played her part. I got off of the bus apologizing profusely, and with a roar of the diesel engine, the bus was disappearing down the hill, and I stood staring blankly at the black pyramid bus shelter I had first seen that morning, a red blip moving away from me on the obsidian black screen.

Trudging down the same street, I reached the gate of my house, the white tiles rising once more from my front door and traveling all the way down to meet me. Stuffing my hands in my pockets, I walked the up the path, my door opening automatically.
As soon as I stepped inside though, I knew something was wrong. There was a smell of apple pie, and I could hear some chinking noises from the kitchen. A person. There was someone in my house. My house. I slammed my back up against the wall, as if doing so would hide me from whatever danger was within.
I froze in position, not sure of what action I should take, or if I should even take any at all. I looked up at the dome above me, the red light still flashing to its own perfect timing. With the clattering sound of cutlery, a woman walked into the front room and saw me standing there,
John! Your back.
She placed an apple pie she had just made on the table, and took her red and white checked apron off, revealing the same hourglass dress that all the other women had been wearing that day, yet this woman was buxom, and I found my eyes glancing at her cleavage several times, despite myself.
Her full red lips warmed into a broad smile, her perfect rows of white teeth showing, and she pointed down to the pie,
Ive made you something.
She had a comely face, and with the blusher on her slightly fleshy cheeks, she looked so welcoming.
Here, try a piece. She said, cutting a triangular piece of pie on the table and putting it onto a smaller beige plate, before holding it out toward me, with a fork in her other hand.
Pausing for a second before I reacted, I then took it from her, my front door then closing of its own accord, making me jump slightly.
Who are you? I asked.
She didnt react like that was a strange question, I noticed.
Your wife, John, Im your wife.
It was ridiculous, and I became incensed, hurling the plate across the room, the crockery smashing against the wall, and the pie breaking into small pieces on the carpet,
Youre not my wife!
I grabbed her by her bare shoulders and shook her,
Who are you? Who are you? Tell me now!
Her eyes widened in fear, like a feral animal trapped and cornered, and she began to cry,
Dont, youre hurting me, John. She pleaded, and looked at the camera above us.
I gripped tighter, and began to shake her some more. Her legs went from beneath her, and she fell cowering to the floor, her black mascara trailing down her cheeks.
The sight of her so helpless made me realize what I had just done, and I picked up fragments of the pie and tried to put it on the half broken plate, before placing it back on the table.
Wiping my hands with a cloth, I tried to help her up,
Im sorry, I told her, its been a long day. Im so sorry.
The lens of the camera shifted.
She nodded, as if understanding me completely, and walked back over to the table and cut me another piece of pie as she fetched a new plate from the kitchen,
Have a piece of pie, John. Youll feel much better afterward, I assure you. She wiped some of the mascara from her cheeks, Ive been so looking forward to you coming back, I made this pie for you, John. Just for you.
I took the plate from her again, and cut into a piece and ate some of it. The warmth and sweetness of it  with a hint of cinnamon touching my taste-buds - calmed me. Like it had set-off some kind of nostalgia in a hidden place in my mind.
She clasped her hands together in front of her as I ate, and beamed at me once more,
See, I told you youd like it, John.
She must have seen me eye her with suspicion still, because she added,
Just play along, John. Things are easier that way, there really is nothing else you can do.
I nodded, as if I understood and accepted what shed said. Seeing my passive agreement, she smiled warmly again, and rushed off into the kitchen,
Ive just begun to prepare the dinner, John, she called behind her, itll not be long. Why dont you sit down and make yourself comfortable. Dont forget to wear your slippers. She pointed back and down to a pair of comfortable looking red slippers beside the door that Id not previously noticed, You can watch the TV if you like, Im sure theres something good on.
I looked at the TV and actually felt that watching it might be a good idea, Id possibly be able to find out something about where I was, some clue, some small fragment that they might let slip that would make all the difference. I switched it on and sat back on the sofa, its angular rigid squares of cushions forcing me to re-arrange them for comfort. I took my jacket off and rolled my shirt sleeves up and rested one arm on the coolness of the chrome armrest.
As the light of the TV grew stronger, a spectrum of colored beams emerged from the screen and formed a holographic image of a romantically involved man and woman, deep in conversation about their relationship - the background a familiar hazy landscape. At first the conversation seemed inane, but I listened more carefully as they went on, their overdone ham acting and ardency for each other, at once repulsing me, but at the same time, drawing me into the theater of the absurd that was unfolding.

Darling, the tall and handsome man in his Fedora hat began, you know there is nothing in this world that is more important than you. He clasped her hands in his own.
The woman seemed bursting with emotion under his strong gaze, as if his every word permeated the deepest part of her being, her eyelids fluttering, and she looked to be having trouble not reacting to what he was saying in every apparent physical way possible,
But I just dont think itll work. You know I love you, but my parents just dont think you are right for me.
Darling, I will do everything in my power to make myself right for you.
She turned away from him briefly, tears beginning to run down her cheeks, as she stifled her sobs with her clenched fists over her mouth,
But its your work, you know Daddy just wants me to be with a man who can take care of me. And you know he dislikes you so.
The man became resolute and spun her body back to face him,
Ill do anything, anything I say! Anything so we can be together.
She seemed to melt in his arms, her lips quivering as he pulled her body tight towards him,
Just stop disagreeing with Daddy every time you speak to him, can you do that for me for us? He wants to like you, I know he does. 
The man nodded, and it was clear he wanted to do everything in his power to make things work for the both of them.
If you just take a job under Daddy, well be like a real family, and you know, itll give us security, especially for when the baby comes along. she gripped at his arms, You know, Daddy knows best.
The man watched her in apparent wonderment, as if within her was the very essence of his entire lifes potential happiness bubbling to the surface, just within his reach,
I dont know what I did to deserve you, but aww shucks Sammy, Im the luckiest guy alive!

They began to whimper in joy as they held each other, and the image began to fade as the sound of the wedding procession cut in, and a new image of the pair being married as bride and groom replaced it. He lifted her veil and kissed her soft looking lips, and afterward, both faces turned directly to look at me, cheek to cheek, fixedly smiling, before a circular darkness enclosed around them, until there was just a pin-point light beam emitting from the television, that then receded back into it with a Vwuppp sound.
I sat there rigid, not knowing really what Id seen, or why Id seen it. I waited for something else to come out of the TV, but nothing did, and I got up to go and watch the woman in the kitchen cooking.

I leaned on the door frame, listening to her humming to herself as she flitted between the ice-box and kitchen counter, ingredients in hand. She seemed so at home; she almost danced as she emptied the contents of a can into a saucepan and began to stir it over the heat. She held her free arm high as if a beau was holding it aloft and dancing with her, and then she did a twirl, her dress fanning out in a pleated circle like a blossoming flower. She stopped dead, surprised to see me standing there watching from behind her.
She straightened herself and flattened out the pleats of her dress, running a hand back through her dark locks, and letting it rest on the back of her neck as she looked up at me,
Oh, I didnt know you were there! I was being silly. Dont mind me.
Its not silly. Do you like to dance?
It couldnt hurt to find out more about her, I thought, but I knew I had to be careful. There was an innocence to her that was disarming, and I felt myself straighten slightly.
I dont really know. I suppose so. She replied, I mean, every woman likes to dance, dont they?
I hadnt really ever thought about it. I admitted.
She blushed through her make-up, and smoothed her hands down the sides of her waist, as if doing so made her feel more secure. Our eyes held each others until the bubbling of the sauce pan broke it.
Oh dear! She cried, and quickly turned the heat down.
When shed finished wiping some of the sauce off of the counter, she looked back at me,
Sorry. I should pay more attention.
You cant know everything before its going to happen, I assured her, tell me, what was that tune you were humming?
Her brow furrowed, as if searching her mind for the answer,
Why, I really dont know. Perhaps just a tune I heard, her brow creased further and her head cocked slightly to the side,  somewhere.
But where?
With a giggle she dismissed my question, and I wasnt sure if it was because she didnt know the answer or didnt want to tell me, but as far as she seemed to be concerned, the subject was over, and she turned back to her cooking,
La la, la, la la. She sang, stirring and swaying her body from side to side, completely un-self-conscious of my presence anymore. I realized there was something so free about her. A way of expressing herself she possessed, that I knew Id never be able to achieve. I felt uncomfortable even thinking about being as open as she seemed to be. People would probably look down on me if I started randomly dancing and humming to myself. But looking at her, I could feel that sense of abandon, and I relaxed into my position in the doorway of the kitchen, watching her every movement.



Be a darling and set the table for me, would you John? She asked after some time, the smell of the food beginning to make my mouth water.
She pointed to one of the drawers and I opened it, taking out some cutlery and picking up the plates shed already prepared on the sideboard for us. I placed them down carefully and exactly on the red and white check dining table in the kitchen, making sure the knives and forks were perfectly vertical. I found myself whistling the tune she had been humming, as if this whole situation was the most normal thing in the world. I stopped for a moment and looked at her with her back still to me, and then at my surroundings, finding my sense of unease fighting the familiarity of it all.
Here we go, she said, serving some of the food onto the plates, and took the hot meatloaf out of the oven, cutting it into slices for us, I hope this is okay for you. She said, her eyes searching mine for approval, while she poured sauce from the pan over it.
I pulled her chair out for her,
It looks great 
I suddenly realized I didnt even know her name. I couldn't be expect to eat with a woman without even knowing her name.
I sat down at the table with her,
To be honest, I dont know what is a normal question anymore, but what can I call you?
She laughed,
Jane, my name's Jane. Sorry, I should have told you before, its just, well... I got so caught up in everything.
Jane, Janet. More or less the same name as the second in command of The Order of N.
I stiffened,
You know the woman in the russet dress? The one who seems to be in charge?
She bit down on her lower lip a little, and fiddled with the serviette on her lap,
Yes, she admitted, I know her. Everyone knows her.
It just seems something of a coincidence, dont you think? The fact that your name is the same as hers.
She frowned,
But my names not the same as hers, her name is Janet, my name is Jane!
Thats something of a moot point though, is it not?
Her eyes moved quickly from side to side as if trying to locate the answer in our surroundings, and I could see she was getting uncomfortable with the subject,
Do we really have to talk about this over dinner, John?
I looked down at the food, and it looked so deliciously good, that even my own train of thought was being sidetracked by my hunger.
No, no we dont, I smiled, becoming aware that this whole situation might be just as difficult for her as it was for me, lets eat.
And we did. We ate and talked until both of us felt full. Conversation was hard at first, and I could see there were subjects she just wanted to avoid, so mostly, we just made small talk, yet even that proved quite difficult. Trying to make conversation when you couldnt even remember anything about yourself was hard - not to mention when the other person you were speaking to also didnt really want to tell you anything about herself, or about where you were, either. The specter of the black domes in each room was still there, and I knew I had to bide my time, I had to play this game their way, at least, for a while, until I found the weakness. There was always a weakness, there just had to be.
She cleaned the plates from the table afterward, and from one of the closets she produced a bottle of bourbon, with the word Bourbon stamped across its plain white label.
She gave me a conspiratorial grin, as she showed it to me in both of her hands,
Care for a nightcap? She teased me in the Kitchen.
I laughed a little, I couldnt control myself.
Oh hell, why not?
She skipped into the front room, with the smell of her sweet shampoo lingering. She produced two crystal tumblers from the glass cabinet on the shelf beside the television, pouring us each a rather generous measure, and dashed back to the kitchen before she returned with ice, and dropped the cubes in the liquid bronze of the alcohol.
Here, she handed me the glass, a toast.
I raised my eyebrows,
A toast to what, exactly?
She pulled me down next to her on the sofa, her body then angling itself toward me,
Why, to us, of course.
Us?
Yes, she replied with such brazen charm, that for a brief moment it made me wonder myself if I was in the wrong to question her, to us.
She chinked her glass onto my own where it had been resting motionless in my hand on my lap, taking a sip of her drink and giggling, leaving the kissed-stain of her rosy-red lipstick on the rim of the glass.
I felt my expression break into a slight grin, and raised my glass to follow,
Cheers.
I took a sip, and she wagged her finger at me,
No, no, thats not the way a man drinks. Bottoms-up!
I looked sideways at her,
Well, Im not doing it alone.
Okay! She agreed, before I'd even had the chance to further persuade her, Well both drink it all in one go.
She knocked back her drink, her face contorting with the bitterness, and I burst out laughing and she slapped me on my shoulder, and with the back of her other hand, she wiped the excess of bourbon from the sides of her mouth.
Your turn now! She demanded, almost in childish revenge.
I took the bourbon down in one, then showed her my empty glass, and before I could refuse, she had filled our glasses up again.
Are you trying to get us drunk Missy? I narrowed my eyes at her.
Her eyes became as slits, mirroring my own, and a cheeky grin spread across her face,
Only if you want us to be. She half whispered, leaning closer to me.
She stood, as if taken over by a sudden urge to move, and began to dance in front of me on the rug, her drink still in one hand, and her, carefully pirouetting to the left and right.
Lets see whats on the radio! She suggested, on what seemed an impulse.
I sipped at the tart bourbon, and gave her an almost noncommittal why not Shrug. She turned it on and moved the dial until she found some music, and somehow, I not only realized that it had been the tune shed been humming, but I also knew the name of the tune. It was called The Sleepy Lagoon. As she danced to the slow melody - and beckoned me to join her, which I refused - I tried to place the music, and asked myself why of all things, I could recall it. At least I assumed I could remember it, but my mind seemed to be playing tricks on me, there was nothing to latch onto, no details, nor faded memory. Just an incredibly strong feeling of recognition. I did know that tune, because if I hadnt known it, how could I otherwise have been so sure of its name?
Finally, I asked her,
Do you know what this tune is called?
She posed a toe pointed downward on the rug with her heel raised, and a hand poised in the air in the middle of its movement,
No, I dont. She replied, continuing to dance, and every now and then taking a sip of the bourbon.
This is the tune you were humming in the kitchen.
Is it? She asked, stopping suddenly, I suppose it is. I mustve heard it on the radio before.
When? I probed.
Before. I just told you.
She went on with her graceful movements, still beckoning me hither.
With the alcohol entering my bloodstream, and watching the lilt of her bosoms as she danced, I felt a desire to get closer to her threatening to overtake me. She put her glass down on the side, and reached over to my hand, trying to pull me up. I acquiesced finally, putting my glass down on the coffee table, and arm in arm, cheek-to-cheek, we began to dance. Her still humming close to my ear with the music playing.
Each time the track ended, it would simply start all over again. No announcer, no other song, just the same melody again, and again, and again. But the feeling of her warm body close to mine - the smell of her perfume, neither too sweet, too musky, nor too citrus, but a perfect balance between the three - was wrapping me up in her. We drank more, enjoying the moment, and the way she allowed me to spin and dip her body, made me feel she had a kind of unconditional trust in me. But it was too much, too soon.
Her arms hung themselves around the top of my shoulders as she came up after I had once again dipped her body toward the floor. Mine, still circled around her waist, and she giggled as our warm breath mingled. I felt my eyes closing, and then I pulled her to me tight, sinking myself onto the soft pillows of her lips.
Our kiss lingered, but somewhere in the middle, my determination to escape the island reignited within me. No matter what they did, I was going to get out of there. Nothing would keep me. No man, no woman, no force of nature would waylay me. I disengaged my lips from hers and her body and eyes went limp from the alcohol, and I rested her down on the sofa carefully, folding her arms over her abdomen. She looked so at peace, so content.
I glanced over at the radio still playing the music and was struck by an idea. I moved over to it, with the shelves blocking the line of sight of the camera, and I began to turn the dial. Static. Until slowly but surely, I located a faint signal. I turned the volume up and heard the tinkling sound of a childs music-box. I gripped at the shelves with both my hands and leaned closer to the speaker, trying to make it out, but couldnt recognize it. It repeated twice, before a young girls voice suddenly sounded out over the crackling airwaves,
Eight, one, one, six, eight, four, five, six, three, eight, one, zero, one, two.
The girls voice whistled with the sound of high frequency white noise over it, making some of the numbers hard to make out, but through the whooshing sound of the distortion, she said them precisely again, one after the other,
Eight, one, one, six, eight, four, five, six, three, eight, one, zero, one, two.
The hissing noise, and her almost whisper, made me feel she was either far away, or she was being careful that no one else where she was located heard her.
Eight, one, one, six, eight, four, five, six, three, eight, one, zero, one, two.
I rubbed my hands over my face and looked toward Jane, but she was still sleeping, oblivious to what I was hearing.
The tinkling music box tune began abruptly again. Repeating itself twice, before I heard the same string of numbers, three times more. The end was punctuated by the same music-box tune, played a couple of times further, before the signal went dead.
I searched for something else, but found nothing except The Sleepy Lagoon still playing. Switching the radio off, I searched a kitchen cupboard, and found a white packet marked Coffee. I needed one by that point, anything that could help to offer clarity to my thoughts.
Consuming its warmth, with the cup clasped in both of my hands, I tried to figure out what the numbers on the radio meant. A message? A message for me? Was someone trying to get in touch with me from somewhere far away, perhaps trying to help me? Or was it a signal from the island, and meant for a different person entirely.
I cautiously opened the drapes, but it was pitch black outside, and I could see nothing, not even street lights. I closed them, feeling the interior of my house to be much more desirable than the blanket darkness of outside. Janes neck had become crooked against the arm rest, and so I carried her to the bedroom, placing her down on the mattress, seeing the smooth skin of her chest, and her lips achingly parted. I covered her with a blanket, embarrassed at what I had been just thinking, before entering the walk-in wardrobe, and taking my suit off, only to find many dresses of Janes already in there. All the same color and style as the one she was still wearing. I wrestled with them in frustration on the rail, as if that would make them go away, make everything go away, but fatigue was overcoming me, and for a brief moment, I worried I had woken her with my noise, but still, when I looked around the door, she slept.
Leaving the wardrobe toward the bedroom door, my hand instinctively rose up to the wall to flick the light switch off, but my fingers arrived at nothing, and so I searched on the other side, but still, nothing. No light switch. I quickly looked around the rest of the house, but it became apparent that there were no light switches. Light. Unforgiving light. I slumped on the sofa, and found the darkness I so sought with the descent of my eyelids.
To be Free

Tomorrow arrived today, with the sound and smell of bacon sizzling in the pan. My eyes opened and my predicament was born once more. Jane must have heard me stir, because she soon came out of the kitchen and told me my breakfast would be ready within a few minutes. I automatically went to the bathroom and washed, picking up the cut-throat razor and lathering my face to shave it. For a moment, I looked down at the razor and wondered what else I could use it for. I could put it to the throat of Janet, force her to tell me who I was, and make her help me in my escape, but to where? I didnt know. But there had to be a way off of the island. All those people didnt get there in the middle of a sea without some form of transport. I carefully shaved my neck in the mirror, before going to the bedroom and putting my suit on.
Jane had lay the table, and my bacon and eggs were ready and waiting for me, a hot pot of coffee also placed on the table. I watched her as she poured me a cup, and noticed something of a twinkle in her eye as she looked at me. I smiled to myself as she turned to go back to the kitchen. Id be sad to leave without her; I considered the idea of taking her with me, and at once reprimanded myself, because for all I knew, she was spying on me. It was a distinct possibility. Perhaps shed report back to The Order of N or another of the organizations on the island. I just had to keep my wits about me and stay covert.
Jane almost shyly watched me enjoying the food.
Will you be going to work today, John?
I kind of shrugged,
I guess so, but what is my work, Jane? What is your work?
My work is to do as Im told.
I almost spat out the eggs when she said that,
As you are told?
She nodded slowly, casting her eyes down to her plate, moving the bacon around with her fork.
Who tells you what to do? System-one or ?
It depends. But the orders come from System-one. It can be a phone call, or through Janet. Either that, or one of the officers of the BDL will tell me what Im to do.
Officers?
Yes. But when its from the BDL, you know the task isnt going to be a pleasant one.
Pleasant? Are any of the tasks pleasant?
By comparison to others, yes, they are.
She was opening up to me despite herself. I could see it.
How long have you been here, Jane?
Her eyes looked distant,
I really couldnt say. It just seems as if I have always been here.
Do you have any memories of before?
There is no before, there is only now. Its not good to think about before, or where we are. Itll only get you in trouble, John.
She then gave me an almost longing look,
Dont try anything, John. It wont end well if you do.
Why? What will they do if I go against them?
She didnt want to tell me, but it was apparent she was struggling at once with the conflicting desire to warn me for my own good, but also a need to protect herself.
Ive been so lonely, John. She placed her warm hand on my own, And then you came, and you seem so well, nice.
I removed my hand and I could see it hurt her,
What will they do to me, Jane? What do they do to people who dont follow the rules?
She looked off to the side, as if to avoid a question she knew she going to answer anyway,
The officers of the ELA will come, and when they come, they take you away.
To where?
She shook her head slowly,
I dont know. No one knows. But the people they take never come back. Not ever.
She placed her hand on mine again, and this time, I allowed my own to linger under its softness.
Dont go, John. She quietly said, and I could see a very real need she had for me, a need in her that she wanted me to fulfill.
As we sat in the silent pause of the moment, I became aware of the low hum that I had first noticed the previous day.
That noise!
I got up and moved the sofa over to expose the small door I had previously found.
What the hell is that noise? I asked, but there was a look of terror on her face, a look that told me I'd gone too far.
The loud ring of the phone sounded out and I moved over to it, picking the receiver up,
John. Come to work. Dont be late.
It was Janets voice, and just as soon as she had spoken, she put the phone down.
Ive got to go, or Ill be late. I told Jane, who nodded, almost relieved.
I was out of the door fast, putting my jacket on as I walked over the tiles that couldnt fold themselves out fast enough for my liking.
Morning John. The same man on the bicycle Id seen the previous day greeted as he passed by on his bike.
Morning. I replied, hurrying on, worried that Id miss my bus.
Standing at the black shelter waiting, I had to ask myself what I was doing. I was rushing to a job I didn't have. I looked up at another cigar shaped aviation ship traversing a path across the sky above, and knew it must be headed for somewhere. It was too high up to have landed on the island, and as far as Id seen at that time, there didnt seem to be anywhere flat enough to land. But I wasnt sure. I then resolved that I would do something different that day, something to force a change in my situation.

As I got on the bus, I wondered what was the meaning of everything Id experienced on the island up to that point. I didnt know, and decided I didnt much care, because very soon - if what I was planning worked - Id be gone from the nightmare I was in.
The bus went along the same route to The Square as the previous day, and I waited until the right moment, my expression remaining impassive, so as to not give away my intentions.
Exchange. The conductor called out, as the bus ground to a halt.
I got up and ran to the exit, jumping off with the conductor calling after me,
This isnt your stop, John!
Id be the judge of what stop was my stop. I ran across the street, seeing The Exchange, an area that to all intents and purposes, merely had a group of men standing on a chessboard patio in suits, raising their arms and shouting to gain the attention of several others stood atop boxes.
Five hundred at a hundred thousand credits! One shouted, before one of the men on the boxes took a note of it.
Another man clamored to be heard, almost jumping up to be seen,
Five hundred at eighty thousand credits!
They jostled among themselves, paying me no mind, and I made a break for a structure I saw in the tree-line off to one side. Plinths to nowhere ascended either side of a stone stair case, circular pylon conductor-like ridges at their top. I had to get away to somewhere, anywhere. I tried to run between the plinths to get onto the stairs behind them, but my body bounced off some kind of invisible wall and I fell to the forest floor, grazing my elbow on the hard soil beneath me.
Access denied. A female voice spoke, Confession absent.
I scrambled to my feet and shouted at no one in particular,
Let me out!
I took one more run at it, before rebounding off once more. Picking up a rock, I threw it in absolute frustration at whatever was blocking me. A blue fissure sparked and warped the previously clear view of the staircase behind for a brief moment.
Access denied. It repeated.
It was no use, and I careened off back across the road and into the vegetation of the downward slop of a hill, my body slamming into a tree, gashing my head on the bark, before I continued in downward free-fall. My feet slipped further, and badly bruised - covered in leaves and twigs  I came to a tumbling halt beside the road below.
Brushing myself off, my head throbbing, I walked onto the road, determined to accost any vehicle that came by and use it to find a way off the island, no matter what. I heard the sound of an engine around the corner off the bend ahead. I placed myself in the middle of the road, poised and ready. I would not move. I would make whatever approached stop before commandeering it for my escape.
My heart sank when I saw the black Cadillac appear, and it was making directly for me, its headlights shining in stark daylight. I froze for a moment, but I knew what happened to anyone in its path, and jumped out of the way just in time, my face scratching on the branches of a bush. It turned, and just waited there as I peered out from the undergrowth - waiting, waiting for me to again attempt escape on my own terms. I backed off, scrambling up the hill until I reached the road again.
Another bus came, and I frantically waved it down, with it stopping right in front of me. I clambered on with the other passengers tutting as they saw my ruffled hair and clothes. A feeling of shame overcame me, and the conductor then stood over me as I slumped on a seat.
Where to?
The Square, I replied, dejected, just take me to the square.

...

I got off the bus trying to straighten my clothes and brushed off a stray piece of foliage. If any were left on me, Janet would ask questions, although I knew shed hardly fail to see the grazes and scratches on my face, and I tried to think up an excuse. I heard the playing of a brass band before the bus cleared from my sight. There, some kind of military parade was taking place. Janet was alone, with her back to me, observing it.
I walked over and stood beside the edge of The Square with her,
What is this?
She didnt turn to look at me, she just dryly replied,
I take it youll not be trying to escape again anytime soon, John. I hope.
I looked down at my shoes and was lost for words.
Because, if you do, she continued in a caustic tone, and then turned to look at me, her expression completely devoid of any feeling, well have to do something about it, John.
I had no idea how to respond, I didnt even want to. She looked back toward the ranks of men marching in black uniforms spread across in front of us, six men wide, with a formation of men marching behind them. They stopped in synchronization as if knowing exactly when to, all stamping their left foot down hard on the floor, making a sound like the clapping of thunder.
Care to inspect them, John?
I eyed her, wondering if her question was some kind of trick, or yet another way for her to make me feel foolish,
Why would I inspect them? Who are they?
They are the BDL and the ELA. If you dont want to inspect them, then you might as well follow me.
She walked toward them without waiting for me to respond, and I hurried after her, still feeling shook-up by what Id experienced earlier.
Janet began at one end of the first row of men and walked along the length of them, with myself beside her, wondering exactly what there was to inspect. I noticed each line of men that went six men deep, wore armbands of differing colors, with the men at the front being roughly the elder - by the looks of it - of each subsequent man behind him.
Janet stopped at a gruff looking fellow with a mustache after wed past two men,
Commander Yellow, what was the result of the incident that occurred two days previous with our friend?
Commander Yellow stood to attention,
Maam, it was ascertained by Yellow Unit that the action planned by Red Unit, and then carried out by Orange Unit, did not have the desired effect. The case relating to the subject in breach of island etiquette was handed over to us for analysis, and we surmised no further effective action could be taken by the Red and Orange units of the BDL. We then handed over protocol to the ELA, forthwith.
Very well Commander, Janet accepted, at ease.
The military officer relaxed, and Janet walked to the next man with a green arm band.
Commander Green.
Commander Green - a sallowed faced man with a brusque looking manner - stood straight, his chest puffed out.
As the Commander of ELA's Green Unit, did you and your unit carry out your duty?
We did, Maam.
And?
Green Unit located the subject on the island after the Commander of the Yellow Unit transferred authority to us; we then located the perpetrator as per our duty, and passed the information onto Blue Unit for subsequent apprehension.
Very good, Commander.
Janet Walked on to the next officer, one I guessed correctly was Commander Blue, judging by his armband.
Commander Blue, did apprehension go without hitch?
Commander Blue seemed a little ruffled and pursed his lips,
Maam, no, Maam.
Why?
The subject resisted, and I had to send the rest of Blue Unit to apprehend him.
Please speak plainly, Commander.
The Commander looked at Janet after having his eyes directly front, and not making eye contact with hers.
Maam, I had to reinforce the Sergeant and the Corporal with the Major, General and the Colonel. The subject proved most resistant.
A welcome breeze blew over us in the heat of the basking Sun, as it reached its zenith.
Janet turned to face Commander Blue directly,
How so, exactly?
Maam, he attempted to flee, and we had to trace him on the island by triangulating his position and then surrounding him.
Janet laughed in derision,
Flee? To where? She said in unabashed rhetoric, and turned and grinned at me before looking back at the Commander, Will they never learn, Commander?
It seems not, Maam.
And off course, you handed him over to Violet Unit for final processing?
Yes, Maam.
Very well Commander, keep up the good work.
Janet walked on and eyed Commander Violet, who didnt wait to be asked.
Processing is complete, Maam.
Janet acknowledged him, and walked around the back of the line of Commanders, and we went in the direction we had just come. Passing Violet, Blue, Green, Yellow and Orange Units, until we reached Red Unit, one man deep into the formation.
Colonel Red, when your superior - Commander Red - concurred with the action towards the perpetrator, that had been fleshed out by the General, Major, Sergeant and Corporal below you, what, if any, criticism did you have about the plan?
The Colonel gulped and remained silent.
Janet raised her voice suddenly, leading Colonel Red and some of the other troops to visibly jolt,
Speak!
Maam, the Colonel began quickly, I felt that the Commander could have included multiple actions that would have left the subject with no choice but to comply, but I should add that the Commander could only work with the intelligence he had at hand.
The Commander of Red Unit remained impassive in front of us. Janet moved her face frighteningly close to the Colonel,
Are you implying that System-one and The Order of N failed in its duty, Colonel?
Her eyes searched him for a reaction, like a snake searching the brush for its prey.
The Colonel stammered,
No, no, Maam, I I didnt mean that at all.
So, you are saying it was the Commanders oversight and incompetence, after all?
I, I mean, that is to say, no Maam.
Im sorry Colonel, Janet folded her arms, but Im having great trouble understanding you. Are you saying its your Commander's fault, or The Oder of Ns fault?
The Colonel shifted nervously in position,
Neither, I mean Maam... 
The Colonel was at a loss for words, and appeared to be clutching at the straws for the right answer, an answer that would appease Janet.
Oh, I think I understand you now! Janet said loudly, turning around as if to acknowledge an audience that wasnt there, You mean Im stupid? I dont understand what you are trying to say, and so therefore Im the stupid one, right Colonel?
The colonel began to perceptibly shake,
No Maam. No.
So, what's it to be then?
A look of fatalistic resignation came over the face of Colonel Red,
The Commander. The Commander was at fault, Maam.
Janet nodded, as if finally satisfied, and continued to inspect the rest of the men, giving smiles of acknowledgment, with her, every now and then, reaching into her black handbag to produce a handkerchief that she used to lightly wipe her forehead with.
Shortly, Janet walked to the front of the parade with me still following and wishing it would be over as soon as possible, wondering about what Jane might be doing at home, and if she was okay.
Troops! Janet bellowed, System-one has told me to tell you he is very pleased with your work.
Some of the men looked visibly moved.
He told me to inform you that as a reward, you will all be allowed one extra rest cycle.
She paused for effect,
Rejoice! Rejoice I say!
The troops burst into spontaneous applause, clapping their hands firmly. Janet took a compact out of her handbag and opened it, looking into the mirror and dabbing some powder onto her cheeks as she admired herself, waiting for the rapturous applause to die down of its own accord.
The noise subsiding, Janet gave a seemingly off-hand order,
Oh, and Commander Green, begin processing of Colonel Red for insubordination.
Colonel Red broke ranks, stark shock on his face,
What! You cant! I didnt do anything wrong!
His protests fell on deaf ears as Janet clicked her compact shut, and replaced it in her handbag,
You all heard him didnt you? she looked to the troops, wagging her finger in the air, Questioning his superiors competence.
The troops remained impassive, but Colonel Red began to shout, frothing at the mouth,
You cant do this! This is wrong! Damn you, all of you!
Janet gave a dismissive wave of her hand and several of the troops restrained him. Janet gave a nod to Commander Red who was then standing over the Colonel, prone as he was on his knees, and he struck the Colonel firmly on the jaw with his fist, knocking him unconscious.
Very good, Commander, and next time, try to make better use of the information System-one provides you with.
Yes Maam.
Commander Green. Janet signaled with her head toward the BDL and the captive Colonel Red.
The Commander ordered his subordinates in the ELA to apprehend the Colonel, which at that point, consisted of them dragging him across the parade ground toward them.
Excellent. She praised, Commander Red, promote all the officers of your Unit, and Ill find you a replacement Corporal very soon.
The Commander saluted her.
Looking down her nose and taking a final scan of the troops, she told them all,
Splendid work. Dismissed.
The brass band burst into play, their up-beat tune and crashing of symbols and drums, making me cringe on the inside. The BDL and the ELA marched away in formation, separating and fanning outward toward their respective headquarters, the ELA taking the limp-bodied Colonel with them.
Janet turned toward me, her face transforming into childlike enthusiasm,
So, John, lets find you a job! She clapped her hands together once.
Whats in a Name?

I walked onto a side street, with Janet, as usual, leading the way. I noted how some people would just ignore her and others would have a look of apprehension come over them when they shuffled past her on the street. I knew exactly how they felt, and decided I would have to be much more circumspect with her from then on.
There was a small black and white check building on the sidewalk, no larger than an outhouse, and Janet waved her hand in front of it and a door that wasnt apparent from the outside, opened from bottom to top, revealing an empty inside. She stepped in, and then tuned and saw my nervousness,
Come on, John. Step inside the conveyer, I dont have all day.
I hesitated.
Look, if I wanted to kill you, youd already be dead. She said, in a cheery tone of voice.
Slowly, I moved forward with the door coming down behind me with a whooshing sound sealing us both inside, our bodies only a yard apart. I could see the amusement in her eyes, an amusement that only seemed to increase the more pensive I became. A vibration and a high pitched noise whistled, and I felt my body pulsate, and before me, Janet became a haze. I placed my hands on the side of the wall for support, yet in a few seconds, everything became normal again, and the door slid open to the view of what looked like a subterranean hall, which Janet walked into.
She turned and looked at me, my feet still planted firmly on the floor, and my hands attempting to grip on the smooth-walled surface of the conveyor.
Are you going to stay in there? Because if you stay there a few moments more, the whole process will begin again.
I quickly exited. Along the high arched passageway, I glanced at the posters on the wall as we passed them, pictures of people and objects with slogans beneath them, Acquire Now!, with an illustrated image of a husband with his wife and child, and another poster further along of a man shaking another mans hand, Cooperation Equals Commerce it read. A different poster with faded colors caught my eye; it had a family on a beach enjoying the sunshine with the sea in front of them, but what struck me was a ship in the distance of the image. A ship. Transport, a possible way off the island! The caption read Come to Bucket Beach, and Relax. I made a conscious note of the name, and decided Id take Jane there on the pretext of wanting to have day trip.
We turned a corner and stood on a long train platform, a circular tunnel mouth at either end but with no rails below, and us, the only people waiting. I felt a blanket of warm air begin to impact me, and lights emerged from the blackness, a long circular vehicle with lit carriages came to a halt beside us, the doors along its length opening with a groan.
In the empty carriage, Janet sat down on a double seat facing the opposite direction to which we began to travel  just as all the chairs were. I sat next to her and instantly felt uncomfortable. To be traveling in the opposite direction to which the subway was going, I found to be most disconcerting, and tried to not think about it, but had very real trouble not doing so. I noted the subway map above us. A perfect circle with seven stops around it, with names like The Square - where we had just come from - Casino, Bucket Beach and Gallery.
What stop are we going to? I asked, feeling the discomfort of silence.
The Department. If you must know.
It was just three stops away, and as the train pulled out of the station I wouldnt have noticed we were moving were it not for the passing of the tunnel outside the carriage, and the low hum coming from beneath us. I noticed after The Square, we had past a station that the train didnt stop at, and there were no lights illuminating it either. Yet, I was able to make out the shadowy features of the platform as we past it. Janet completely ignored it, but it seemed odd to me. After the three stops, we exited and got into another black and white conveyer adjacent from the platform, and I felt the same sensation I previously had, before, to my relief, the door opened into a large building's foyer.
What job will I do? I asked Janet, who seemed to have other things on her mind as we went along through pale and nondescript corridors.
That remains to be seen, thats why were here.
I felt like a little boy being taken to school on the first day by his mother, hoping she wouldnt leave me alone with people I didnt know. The clack of Janets high heel shoes echoed along the building, until we reached one single long hallway with one single door at the end of it, and eight doors leading up to it, four doors to either side.
Janet motioned towards the door at the end,
Just go in there, and Ill wait for you out here.
I began to go toward it, noticing the doors along either side of me were all numbered, to my left, they were numbered one, three, five and seven, while the ones on the opposite, were numbered two, four, six, and eight. The only door that wasnt numbered, was the one my hand was then gripping the handle of. I paused, knocking first, and after doing so, heard a voice from the other side,
Come in!
A bare room, with a stark light hanging down over a single table, a white haired man sat behind it, papers and a pen in front of him and an empty chair.
Please take a seat.
I sat down on the wooden chair, pulling myself forward on it, resting my elbows on the table.
My name is Department. He said.
I thought It was a strange name for a person to have, but as strangeness went, things had just been escalating in the quagmire of disparity I was already embroiled in, so I didnt comment.
Why am I here, Department? I asked, noticing a slight hint of defiance sneak into my tone of voice, which I then privately cautioned myself against.
Department leaned back on his chair, folding his hands into his own, and letting them rest on his lap,
For your job interview, of course, and a few tests.
Im here for a job interview, and I dont even know what the job is? Dont you think thats a tad unusual?
Department smiled,
I suppose some people might call it irregular, but here on The Island of Stability, I can assure you, its not. We have to find out in which way we can best help you adapt to island life.
And what are these tests that youve mentioned?
He opened a Manila file and gave it a cursory glance,
First things first, he stopped me, lets begin your job interview.
I stifled a sigh, and resigned myself to the situation at hand. Probably judging my expression, Department seemed to regard it as my compliance, and stood up and took off his tweed jacket that was glaringly different from the majority of the islanders, and placed it over the back of his chair, before sitting and picking up his pen,
Whats your name?
You dont know?
Just answer the question, please.
John.
He scribbled some notes I couldnt see on a piece of lined paper rested on the Manila file then placed his lap.
Good. He said, repositioning his glasses on the bridge of his nose with his fingertip, Now, tell me, why do you want this job?
I widened my eyes at him, and slapped both of my palms down hard on the table leading it to shake, but he only reacted by making sure his other papers were still in place.
I dont want any job! I shouted, my temper finally snapping, And even if I did, I could only want something if I first knew what it was!
He appeared totally nonplussed,
If you dont answer the questions sensibly, John, then this matter will have to be handed over to the BDL. Is that what you want, John?
I hid my clenched fists under the table, and thought carefully for a few brief moments; antagonizing them wasnt part of my plan, it wouldnt help me, I knew that, so I took a deep breath and answered as best as I could in the circumstances,
I want this job because I wish to be a productive person, not only productive for myself, but productive for the island.
Department seemed satisfied with my answer, with the sound of his pen loudly scribbling on the paper in an otherwise quiet room.
And why should we consider you for this position? Instead of the other candidates applying for it, for example.
I scratched my head, searching my mind for any positive characteristics I possessed that would make me stand out from the crowd,
Im punctual, motivated, and a problem solver. All characteristics that I feel would provide a boon to your... your... job?
Department continued to scribble and didnt look up at me,
Are you a team player, John?
I didnt know how to answer. Was I a team player? If I was, what evidence did I have prove that I was?
Let me ask you the question again, Department looked up at me, getting impatient, are you a team player?
He must have noticed my confusion, as he then added,
Yes or no, John. Its quite simple.
Yes! I am.
I hope you are, John. He said, making a quick note, And where do you see yourself in three hundred degrees time?
I didnt know where Id be in the time it took for one degree, let alone three hundred; I didnt even have any way of quantifying how long a degree was. But I got the general gist of what I was expected to say,
I see myself progressing in my job, being more productive, and hopefully, getting a promotion.
Department closed the Manila folder and put it down on the table, and I wondered if Id answered the questions to his satisfaction, and if Id won the position, but he then slid a piece of paper over toward me with a series of arithmetic sums on it, and passed me a pen.
He pulled up the sleeve of his jacket and shirt, and looked at his watch,
This is part one of the test, you have six degrees to answer all the questions, after which point, I will tell you to stop. Start...  He paused, as he continued to look at his watch, now.
I picked up the pen and paper and had a quick scan of the questions, and then began to write the solutions after the equals symbols. They seemed easy, too easy, and I wondered what kind of job would consider this to be a real test of my intelligence. Before Department needed to tell me to stop, I placed the pen down on the paper, and pushed them back towards him, resting into the chair and folding my arms, fairly pleased with my speed.
He began marking my answers out-loud,
Square plus square, equals octagon. He ticked the paper, Square plus triangle, equals Heptagon. Correct. Triangle plus circle, equals Pentagon. Correct, and circle plus circle equals square. Correct.
Department looked up at me, and took his glasses off,
Very impressive, John, youve achieved a one-hundred percent score on this test.
I felt myself swell with pride slightly, whatever they threw at me, Id overcome it.
Okay, so for the next test, John, Im going to say a word, and I want you to say the first word that comes into your mind, do you understand?
I do. I confirmed, and leaned forward.
Wife. Department said.
Beautiful. I replied.
Friends. Department continued.
Socialize. I replied quickly.
Department noted my answer down,
Money.
Job. I countered, feeling it was a somewhat obvious answer, and worried that perhaps it wasnt the best one I could have given.
Work. Department furthered.
Need. I admitted.
Sex.
Wife. I blurted out, and then felt slightly embarrassed at having done so, with thoughts of Janes figure dancing through my mind.
Okay, Department said, and concentrated for a few moments on what he was writing down, now, for the second part of this test, just do exactly the same as before, and say the first word you think of after Ive said a word.
I nodded.
Department repeated the last word Id mentioned,
Wife.
Sex I said naturally, as I'd already connected it to the word 'wife' before.
Sex Department continued, marking away on his paper.
Need. I said, the word just slipping out of my mouth.
Need.
Job. I shrugged, resigned to its obviousness.
Job. Department repeated.
Money. I suggested.
He studied me, and threw his next word out,
Money.
Socialize. I shrugged.
Socialize. Department parroted.
Friends.
Friends. He said once more.
Wife.
Splendid, splendid! Department congratulated.
I must say, youre a better candidate than I at first expected. But Janet did assure me youd be perfect for the cause.
She did? Ive got the job?
Well, we do have other people to see. But Id say youre in with a good chance now. Well let you know.
He stood up, shaking my hand warmly, and showed me to the door.
Bye bye, be seeing you, John.
I walked out to Janet, a little dizzy, but deciding Id tell my wife all about it later, shed be happy that Id done so well in the interview, and who knew, if I did land the position, it might very well be a positive change for the both of us.
How did it go? Janet asked.
Very well, I think. But he didnt tell me what the job was though.
Never mind, thats the point of the test. To find out what job you are suitable for.
I see.
I felt a part of my mind blurring as we traveled back on the subway, like I was becoming more and more disjointed from myself, struggling to retain an identity I was still unsure of. John, my name is John. I repeated over and over in my mind, as Janet sat impassive beside me, and I want to escape this place.

...

I couldnt wait to get home to tell Jane the news. I knew it didnt make any difference one way or another, because if what I was planning came to fruition, I certainly wouldnt be around to do any kind of job on the island. Id be long gone. But at that moment, as I arrived home, I wanted to tell Jane something that at least for a brief period of time, would perhaps make her happy. I didnt care anymore if she was spying on me, I just wanted to show her I was a man worthy of her respect, a man who could achieve things he set his mind to.
Jane? I called out, not seeing her anywhere in the front room or kitchen, Where are you?
She came bounding out of the bedroom, with white linen sheets in her hand that she placed down on the sofa, before running up to me and giving me a big hug. My hands tentatively touched her sides just below her arms, before she seemed to realize her intimacy was perhaps a bit misplaced, and stepped backwards, looking up at me and running her hand through her hair,
I was just changing the sheets, John. How was your day? Oh, my, what happened to your head? She asked, seeing the gash Id sustained earlier.
Its nothing, just a small cut, Ill be fine.
You cant leave it like that!
She rushed off to the bathroom and brought back a wet flannel and cleaned around the cut, and then dampened some iodine on a piece of cloth and administered it to the laceration. It stung, and she saw me wince slightly,
Just hold still, itll all be over in a moment.
I did as shed told me to.
There, youre all fixed up. She said, her hand brushing lightly back across my cheek as she let it fall to her lap, and I couldn't be sure if it had been an accident, or deliberate on her part.
Smiling, I took her by the hand and walked her over to the sofa and sat her down beside me,
Look, it wont really make any difference - and I dont expect you to know what I mean when I say that - but I had a job interview today, with some tests.
Really? She asked, surprised.
Yes, and I think they will be giving me a new job soon.
This time, Jane unreservedly flung her arms around my neck,
Thats just wonderful, John! I knew you had it in you, we just have to make the best of things, together.
I knew there was no point in telling her I was going to escape. Even if I wanted to, I just couldnt risk it. I didnt really know which side she was on, yet I had to admit, she seemed so genuine. She looked at me, her arms still around my neck, and her lips looked so welcoming, her cheeks slightly flushed, and I didnt know if it was some kind of look in my eyes that she took as permission or not, but she then leaned forward and our lips met.
Im going to cook you a wonderful dinner, John! She exclaimed after, getting up and going to the kitchen, with my eyes following the curves of her figure.
In all of this, she was the only thing that was keeping me sane, the only thing I could rely on. Id be sad to leave her there on the island, but it didnt seem as if I had any choice.
Oh, and John, she called from the kitchen, her head popping around the side of the door, her dark locks cascading down her shoulders, our neighbors from number thirty-five will be coming for dinner tonight. I invited them, I thought it would be good for us both if we did some socializing.
I felt an irrational sense of fear at the thought of meeting new people, but at the same time, I realized it could be very useful for me. New job or no new job, I might well be able to trick some information out of them - as long as I was subtle with my questioning.
What do you know about them, Jane?
She shrugged,
Almost nothing really, only that they are married, and they are very nice.
Jane went back into the kitchen and started humming as the clattering of pots and pans began. If Jane didnt know anything about them, and I didnt either, it wouldnt look suspicious when either of us started asking questions. Shed possibly ask something that would lead to information that I could capitalize on.
I turned on the faucet in the bathroom and washed my face, splashing on some aftershave, and put a fresh suit on.

...

Come in, come in. Jane invited them as I stood beside her - us both like a happy couple - and I shook the mans hand.
He was tall and slender, his hat angled slightly on top of his head. But I could see by the look in his eyes that he was a confident man, the kind of man who always liked to be in control; it was that stern look that he had that I always associated with leaders.
Jane took his hat and his wifes handbag, placing them on the side,
Its just so lovely to have the both of you, Jane enthused, and turned to me and asked, isnt it, John?
Yes, it certainly is. I agreed, We dont know anyone in the neighborhood, and its always nice to make new friends.
The pleasure is all ours! The man said, reaching over and gripping my shoulder in an affected display of warmth, Myself and my wife were only saying the other day, that we thought there was a new couple that had moved in here. She actually suggested we come over and introduce ourselves, but I told her we should let you settle in first, didnt I dear?
His wife, wearing the exact same outfit as Janes, linked her arm into his, pulling herself closer to him,
My husband always knows whats best, she looked up at him with affection, dont you darling?
That I do, he agreed, which was somewhat lacking in modesty I thought, now why dont you go help Jane in the kitchen, dear, and let us men talk, because itll only be dull for you ladies, so you girls run along now.
She giggled, and Jane took her off into the kitchen, telling her what a lovely dress she was wearing.
So, John, the man began as I invited him to sit, taking a cigarette out of a square, black, embossed leather case, care for cigarette?
He held it open toward me.
No, thanks, I dont smoke.
But then mentally I asked myself if I did smoke or not. I decided if I didnt have any particular compulsion to, then there was really no point.
Oh come, come. Be sociable old chap, dont leave me smoking all alone, will you?
I relented, taking a cigarette off him, and he lit it for me with the streamlined chrome lighter in his hand.
What do you do, John?
Im between jobs at the moment, I told him, but I had an interview for a position today, and Im confident Ive got it.
Why, thats just splendid! You know, us fellas have to take care of the broads, he pointed toward the kitchen, we always need to be ambitious. They say its a mans world, you know? But lets face it, he leaned forward and nudged me, they get the easy part in the house everyday. He laughed.
I laughed with him and nodded, just agreeing so as to create some kind of rapport or feeling of trust between us, as I hoped he'd be more inclined to open up to me later.
Care for a drink? I offered.
Dont mind if I do, John, dont mind if I do.
I fetched tumblers with ice, and poured us two glasses of Bourbon.
Cheers. He raised his glass toward me.
Cheers. I politely responded, Down the hatch.
I drained the entire contents of my glass quickly before he could refuse, and looked at him as if I expected him to do the same; he was in my house, and hed follow my lead. He did so, and no sooner had he finished, than I poured him another.
So, what do you do for a living? I asked him, with Jane and the mans wife calling from the kitchen and telling us to come and eat, as they begun serving food on the dining table.
As the four of us sat down at the dining table, the man reached into his inside jacket pocket and handed me his business card.
I took it from him expecting to see the answer to my query, but as I looked at it, I could scarcely believe my eyes. There was just one name on the card, one solitary name: John. I mustve physically shook, because I knocked my glass off the table and it smashed onto the floor.
Oh John, whatever is the matter? Jane asked, rushing over toward me, and trying to comfort me by putting her hand on my shoulder.
I looked up at the man,
Your name is John?
Why, yes.
And your wife? Whats your wifes name? I looked over the table at her.
Without missing a beat, she replied,
Jane, of course.
I shuddered, and looked at her husband,
You expect me to believe that its a coincidence that my name is John, and your name is John, and my wifes name is Jane, and your wifes name is also Jane?
He looked slightly offended,
I dont expect you to believe any such thing! Its just simply the case, everyone on the islands name is John or Jane! Apart from the officials, of course! Everyone knows that.
I pressed at my temples hard with my fingers, and then held my head between my hands.
Are you feeling okay? He asked, Because we can leave if youd like us to.
Why are you all doing this to me? What is this place?
The man looked at my wife, and I could also see his own wife felt embarrassed at the scene I was making.
Hes just arrived on the island, you see. My wife told him.
Ah, I understand. Well, that explains everything.
He patted me on the arm,
Look, we all arrived here at some point, and none of us knows why. But you just get used to it. There really is no other way.
How can I get off this island?
The man, John, just stared at me, as if hed already answered my question.
Im asking you a question! I slammed my fist down on the table, and he flinched slightly.
Questions are a bad thing, John. He replied, Youll learn that soon enough, either the easy way, or the hard way. He stood up, Come on, darling, lets go. Well come back another time.
My wife apologized profusely, and saw them to the door, with the couple both commiserating with her and saying it didnt matter, they understood.
When Jane returned we sat in virtual silence, with only the sound of the hum in the basement to break the monotony. I didnt even know my own true name. I cursed myself for having accepted it as a fact in the first place, and could see Jane was feeling uneasy.
Why didnt you tell me everyone was called John? I finally asked.
Jane pushed the food around on her plate,
I knew youd be angry. I knew youd ask more questions, and I just just 
Her face scrunched up, and she burst into tears, and I felt awful, just awful. None of this was her fault. None of it. We were both locked in the same no-win situation, and it made no sense to be upset with her. I stood up and embraced her shaking body, and told her wed have a nice trip the next day.
To where? She sobbed.
To the beach, lets spend a day at the beach. Would you like that, Jane?
She said yes, and gripped onto my arm that was wrapped around the front of her body.
The Great Outdoors

I followed Jane on the bicycle, watching the breeze blowing through her hair, and I actually began to enjoy the ride down the winding pathways we took toward the beach. Red buses passed us on the way, and I noted that the number ten, twelve and fourteen bus, were all on the same route. I had assumed that at least two of them just had some part of the same route when I caught the bus each morning, but as they roared past us with their diesel engines firing - the buses only separated by a short period of time - I realized that it wasnt the case. I tried to put it out of my mind as we both effortlessly glided down the hill, with the vista of the sea and beach emerging before our eyes.
Jane had packed a picnic for us, along with a large towel to sit on. We both took our shoes and socks off when we arrived at the coast, and I stepped onto the warm sand, us both walking along the edge of the beach to find a suitable place with some shade close by. I looked across the broad expanse of the sea, but there was no sign of a ship yet.
A man was breaking shells with stones on the sand, and placing the remaining pieces in a bucket. He seemed so concentrated, like there was some importance in the task that I couldnt fathom. Jane spread the towel out and laid the picnic as I sat down, her handing me a sandwich, and us then listening to the softly breaking waves on the shore as we ate. There was really nothing like the salty smell of the sea, I thought, and Jane seemed happier than ever that we were there together.
I picked up a long twig, and absentmindedly began tracing in the sand the image of the landscape with the trees and ascending island behind it, losing myself in it as Jane lay herself down under the solar radiance.
As the day wore on, I finally caught a glimpse of a ship in the distance on my left. It got closer and closer to the shore, and I casually inquired to Jane as to its destination.
Its coming to the island. She told me.
Where will it dock? I deliberately asked, although I made it sound almost as an afterthought, as I bit into another sandwich shed handed me.
Pig Port. Just over there. She pointed to our right.
The port must have been quite some distance away behind the tree-line and rock-face, but since I already knew how to get to the beach - and had been careful to look out for any type of surveillance - I knew Id be able to find it alone when I needed.
Why does it come here? I inquired further.
I dont know.
Youve never wondered?
She gave me a wane smile,
I try not to, John.
If I wanted her to tell me anything more, Id have to be really careful; I could see by her growing discomfort that I had one more question she might answer before shed clam-up again, so I asked the most important one,
How long does it stay?
She resigned herself to having to answer me,
Just a day usually, you can hear it sound its foghorn when it arrives, and when it leaves.
That was it! That was all I needed to know.
We spent the rest of the day relaxing and talking, paddling up to our ankles in the warm water, our hands tentatively holding each others, and it was then I decided Id talk to her properly, later that night.

...

I slipped under the covers into the bed with Jane already in it. She felt me, as her sleepy body aroused awake, and turned toward me, her arms wrapping themselves around my waist. I pulled her close to me, and felt the warmth of her breasts on my bare chest,
Jane... I began, wanting to talk to her, and at least tell her I was going to leave.
Shhh. She whispered, gripping onto my back and our mouths finding each others.
The smell of her hair and the touch of her warm skin on my own, was intoxicating. I had watched her perfect femininity sail around the home as she attended to her tasks. I had desired her, but I had resisted. Yet now, my resistance was fading like the light of the setting sun.
Her hand began to explore down my body, as did mine on hers as it reached the moistness between her warm legs, and soon, the line between where I began and she ended became indistinct, like the view through a pane of glass as the rain pattered and poured down it. My body rolled itself on top of Jane's, her welcoming and enveloping me in warmth. We ebbed and flowed together like the surf breaking on the shore, before one final crashing wave washed over the both of us, and we lay there, gasping for air, our hands clasped in each others.
I held her tight, her body still shivering intermittently.
I didnt care that we may have been observed doing what wed just done, I didnt give a damn. I just wanted her to know beyond my own capability of expressing my feelings, that somehow, within the short space of time Id been around her - and in less than ideal circumstances - I'd begun to have a deep affection for her. 
I pulled the cover over our heads to conceal us, and began to whisper to her,
Jane, Ill be leaving tonight, and I want you to come with me, well escape this place. Come with me, well begin a life together elsewhere.
I could see her eyes full of fear in the dim light; she shook her head and embraced me tight,
John, dont go, its not safe. Theyll know. Theyll capture you.
They wont catch me, Jane. I have a plan, a plan to escape this hell.
Her eyes flickered with apprehension.
Come with me. I begged.
I cant, John. She turned her body away from me.
I circled my arms around the back of her, and asked,
Why? Why cant you?
Im scared. Ive only known this place, its all I can remember.
Ill protect you, Ill take care of you. Well find out who we are together.
She turned back toward me, kissing me, before she broke off,
I cant. I I dont know whats out there, John.
Whatever it is, I whispered in her ear, it cant be worse than this place, surely?
I was confusing her, that much I could see, and suddenly, I was overcome with guilt. What if I did get caught? What if I were stopped and then taken for processing, she would be too, and at that moment, I felt so selfish.
Ill come back for you, Jane. I said, I will. Ill find my way off this island and return, with other men to help if needs be, but Ill find this place, and you, again.
She nodded quickly, tears falling down one side of her cheek.
Just tell me anything you know about the port, Jane. Anything at all thatll help me.
Still sobbing, she quietly said,
Its guarded, but the guards patrol beside the ship, and there is a short space of time where they cant see the gang-plank. Thats what I've been told.
By who?
Her eyes looked downward,
By the man I was with before.
Before?
Yes, before you.
And what happened to him, Jane?
I dont know.
Think carefully, what happened to him? Did he escape?
I dont know, John, I just dont know. He told me he was going to escape on that ship, told me that there was a weakness in the way the guards patrolled, one he was going to exploit. Thats all I know. I knew when you saw that ship what you were thinking.
Did he come back?
No. He never did. I dont know if he escaped or was captured, I just dont know. But he never returned. She began to cry loudly, and tried to use my chest to muffle her sound, Dont go, John, dont. She managed to say.
I must, Jane. You know I must.
She knew Id go. It was in the way her clasped hands on my muscles gradually released them, as if she were letting go of a bird whos broken wing she had fixed - at once glad to see it achieve its true nature once more - but sad at the loss of something she cared so much about.
Bye John. She said, as I watched her face disappear under the covers and the bright light of the room replace the dimness.
Ill return, Jane. I promised, I will.

I dressed and walked calmly out of the house into the night, as if I were simply going to take a short walk and get a breath of fresh air. The night was thick and clammy, more so because of my nerves. I stood by the gate of the house, and taking a deep breath in, mounted one of the black bicycles we had left just inside the front yard. I peddled slowly at first, but when I passed all of the houses on my block and reached the T-junction, I pushed hard on the peddles, beginning to speed down the pitch black hill. It was then I knew that I hadnt given my eyes enough time to adapt to the darkness, and almost came off the bike at a corner. It was just as well I had, as when I was attempting to pull the bike out of the bush I had ridden it into, the lights and sound of a car cached through the rows of the trees at the corner. I slunk back behind the undergrowth, dragging the bicycle behind me, and then saw a black Cadillac hum past, the red of its rear thrusters like a demons eyes searching the landscape for its victim.
I waited a few moments more - just to be sure it had gone - before peddling off again, at speed. I took a side path, a smaller road I had previously seen that I figured would take me closer to the port rather than the beach, and I was rewarded for my guess, when down in the distance I saw the large white ship I'd seen that day, docked, floodlights illuminating it and the surrounding area.
I began on foot through the woods leaving the bike behind, hurrying lest anyone was being sent because of my absence from home. Would Jane betray me? I didnt think so, but a pang of sadness at leaving her broke my concentration for a brief moment. I comforted myself with my promise to return. I would return. Somehow.
I got close enough to observe the guards patrolling in front of the calmly docked ship, just like Jane had said they would, and also noted the name of the ship, Daisy 136-9. What the other man had told Jane was correct, the guards did cross over and leave a short space of time where the gang-plank was unobserved. But if I was caught, there was no telling what Janet would have done to me, it didnt bear thinking about, so I dismissed it from my mind, knowing it was pointless apprehension that could only cause me to slip-up.
I made sure the guard's pattern was regular by watching it several times more, and when I was finally satisfied, I crawled out of my hiding place and made a quiet bent-over run for it, aided by the fact I had removed both of my shoes for the sake of silence. There was no one else around at the port, and I stopped running just before I reached the boarding plank - looking either side at the backs of the sentries as they were still moving off into the distance - and carefully stepped onto the ramp, worried it would creak and signal my presence. It wouldnt be long before the guards would return on their path again, so I strode carefully up to the deck of the ship.
As I got higher, my eyes became fixated on the entrance-way. Would there be anyone there? To have come this far only to get caught, would have been soul destroying, and as I reached the top, I peered around from down low, and my heart sank.
There, walking toward me on the ship, was a sailor, and I crouched quickly. I looked toward the guards, and they were beginning there return journey. I willed the sailor to turn back with my mind, or to hurry - either one, but do it quick! Yet, time moved so very slowly, an agonizing eternity as people drew closer to me from above and below.
The head of the sailor appeared in front of me in side profile, his body then emerging full to my sight, and I remained as stiff as a board. One, two, three, I counted mentally, using anything I could in an attempt to stay calm. I heard no screams or shouts of alert from the guards below, and the sailor disappeared to my right, past the white metal starboard. I waited, just a little while more, before I stole onto the ship, my eyes darting around looking for an unoccupied entrance.
I found one metal door, heavy when pulled, and cursed when it creaked open, then attempting to quickly close it behind me as I winced at the noise. I descended as far down into the bowels of the ship as I could, finally hiding myself among some cargo boxes that looked like theyd likely go unmolested for the duration of the journey.



The foghorn had suddenly woken me up. An unknown amount of time had passed while Id fallen asleep, my body taxed of its energy, as was my mind. I wriggled myself between the cramped wooden crates to try and get comfortable, which proved close to impossible. After some time, I felt the ship rocking more so than it had previously done. We were moving. We were leaving the island! I felt the urge to shout, to curse to hell whoever had brought me to that place, and to laugh at their failure to keep me there. I clenched my fists tight, but my elation was shortly replaced by thoughts of Jane. If only shed come with me, if only shed trusted in me, we could have been sharing that moment together. Shed be okay though, I was sure, because as far as the cameras would have seen, Id left her after shed fallen asleep. She was blameless, and shed be able to wait until I came back for her.
I sat with my knees up between the two crates, with the cold metal underneath me, and tried to gauge the passing of time. The journey might be days, weeks or hours, I had no idea, but it didnt matter, I was free.

...

The bow of the ship rose and fell for what seemed like an eternity, and I heard my stomach growl. I didnt know how long Id been stuck there by that point. A day, perhaps two. But I knew time had a way of tricking you when you wanted it to pass faster, and I tried to remain patient. A cursory search for food were I was hidden had proved futile, and Id begun to ask myself what Id do if the journey lasted weeks, an eventuality I hadn't prepared for. Id starve to death, surely, either that or Id have to compromise my position on the ship by trying to steal food from elsewhere.
I then heard the sound that was the most welcome sound of them all, the sound of the foghorn again. We would be docking soon. Wherever we landed, Id inform the local authorities of what Id been through, and maybe theyd be able to help with my loss of memory, someone might even recognize me.
I listened to the clapping of feet way up above on the upper-decks of the ship, and bided my time. Id leave at nightfall - assuming that it would be nightfall when the ship was at its quietest, which it had been when Id first gotten on it.

The night arrived woefully slow, but I was just as circumspect leaving the ship, as I had been getting on it. The thought of being caught and taken back, made me feel nauseous.
Reaching the top deck, I peaked up and through a porthole. Seeing no one, I made for the gang-plank, and ducked when I reached it, with the guards again beneath. They hadnt seen me, and both moved off to either side of the ship. I looked up across the land Id arrived at for the first time, and in the distant scenery, saw a tall black building on the highest point of the island. An island. And then it all came crashing into my awareness at once, like a prodigal torrent of severe magnitude, this was Pig Port. I had arrived at the island. The island I had just left.



I failed to locate my bicycle in the bushes further up from the port, but I didnt care anymore. I just trudged all the way toward my house, unconcerned with avoiding detection. I had failed. I was a failure, and I felt ashamed at what Jane was going to think of me. I looked back at the ship below, wondering where Id gone wrong. I was sure it hadnt docked anywhere else - unless I had slept through it. But that didnt seem to make sense, as the foghorn surely should have woken me. I turned away from it and back to the path, continuing up the hill.
I was just tired. Tired and hungry.
The tiles on my drive mocked my arrival once more, and the front door opened itself to my presence. The light was on at least, that was something. 
Jane. I called into the house, before feeling a sense of some kind of relief at seeing the back of her sat on the sofa.
I walked over to her, and then realized when she turned, that it was Janet.
Hello, John. Welcome back.
What, where where is Jane? what have you done with her?
I ran to the kitchen, and with her not there, ran to the bedroom. No one. I checked inside the walk-in wardrobe for signs of her, but all of her dresses were gone.
I ran back into the front room, with Janet lighting up a cigarette and puffing the smoke casually upwards in the air.
Where is she? I shouted, standing over her, Tell me! What have you done with her?
Janet shifted her head from side to side slowly, as if studying me,
Shes gone, John. Taken by the ELA for processing.
I fell to my knees,
Please bring her back, please, Im sorry. Punish me, none of this was her fault.
Its really out of my hands, John. She dismissed, Beyond my control, you know?
My hands gripped onto Janets thighs, as I lost my composure.
She peeled them off and stood up,
You ask too many questions, John, and questions create problems, problems create difficulties, difficulties create division, division creates conflict, and conflict causes death. Do you like death, John? Because it seems like you do, John.
I stayed on my knees looking up at her, my body shaking, and my fingers scratching deep into the rug for absent support.
I suggest you learn to behave yourself, John. Because if you do not, itll only get harder for you.
She began to leave, but turned back to look at me at the last moment,
Ill be expecting your confession, John, sooner or later, its all the same to me.
The door clicked shut, and I was alone again. I picked up an empty picture frame and hurled it in a rage at the camera above me. It fell, sparks of electricity flying off of it, and I slumped down, just staring at it fizzling on the floor.
Not long after, two blue uniformed men entered my home,
Stay calm, Sir, well have this fixed in no time at all. Dont worry, leave it to us.
I sat there in a daze and watched them repair it, and then affix it back to the ceiling.
There, all done, Sir. Have a good evening. One of the men said, and they both left just as swiftly as they had come.
I shuffled over to the radio, turning it on and listening to the only music I could find, The Sleepy Lagoon, as I stroked my hand along the shelf, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth

###



In the second 'Newlander' installment, John meets a clandestine man who could very well be his salvation in part two of this dystopian series, yet Janet has other plans in mind...
 Get it Here Now:  Newlander  Island


Sign up for my Sci-fi list and be the First to Hear About New Releases and Special Promotions Exclusive to the List Here



David Dire's Quick Links


Visit David Dire's Website Here
Follow David Dire on Twitter Here
Come and Say Hi on David Dire's Facebook Page Here
See David Dire's Tumblr Here
Follow David Dire on Google+ Here
Sign-up for David Dire's Sci-fi List Here


Contents

Awakenings
Disorientation
Home, Sweet Home
To be Free
What's in a Name?
The Great Outdoors
David Dire's Links
