

HIGH SPIRITS
A Bennett-Straker Ghost Hunter Comedy

Scheme it, and they will come

Mary J. Carter


Original copyright 2007
Revised copyright 2014 Mary J Carter
Cover by Shannon O'Hayre
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



CHAPTER ONE - I am Floored
CHAPTER TWO - Taking it to the Streets
CHAPTER THREE - Merry Christmas
CHAPTER FOUR - Dedicated to Patty Hearst
CHAPTER FIVE - Pickled Beets
CHAPTER SIX - Pickled Pals
CHAPTER SEVEN - Town Meeting
CHAPTER EIGHT - Double Jeopardy
CHAPTER NINE - 'D' Day 
CHAPTER TEN - The British are Coming
CHAPTER ELEVEN - Lady in Red
CHAPTER TWELVE -What a Wonderful World
CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Pink Elephants on Parade
CHAPTER FOURTEEN - The Great and Frightful Day
What those in the know have said about High Spirits
Inspirations
About me
Other books
Liberty Fair preview
Contact



For Chris and Sue
the adventure begins!



CHAPTER ONE


Around town, I am known as the woman whose husband asked for a divorce in the flooring department at Home Depot.
Being a lawyer, and well versed in the significance of establishing time, place, and motive, my bastard ex should have realized the irony of begging for his marital freedom smack in the middle of a flooring aisle. But he did not. Nor was he particularly thrilled when my first reaction was to laugh.
Initially, I was under the impression my bastard ex would do or say anything to get out of replacing the pantry floor. So, I laughed. However, when I saw the strange mix of pig-headed hope and desperate sadness in his eyes, I knew  knew with a sharp, sickening stab through the ribs, that I was the only item he was hell-bent on replacing  and soon, by the looks of things.
I believe that while I was leaning against a huge stack of ugly area rugs, doing my very best just to breathe, every emotion known to mankind charged through my veins like the wild and wayward current of a downed power line. I was choking with disbelief and crushed by doubt. What had I done? Why, Id die without him. Paralyzed with grief, I asked myself how could I change this, make him stay, realize that my love was enough to conquer all evils? My crazed and overwhelmed mind was whirling. Then, suddenly, I was struck with a cleansing relief of nothingness, a blind moment of blas, which lasted only a second or two before my anger kicked in. And when it kicked in, it kicked in big time.
"You cowardly sack of shit," I hissed.
"Harley, Harley" my bastard ex muttered while frantically motioning me to lower my voice with his over-soft hands and his sissy, buffed nails. He was wasting his breath. No one around us seemed to care. They all probably figured he was merely another nervous, pussy-whipped husband who couldnt decide between the Pergo and the Mannington.
"Its Bonnie Bonner, isnt it?" I snapped, and the vomit green shade of guilt slithering down his stupid, sheepish face confirmed everything I needed to know.
Bonnie Bonner  the senior partners daughter, and a simpering little twit, to boot. A true airhead, with gobs of wavy hair down to her butt and no brain to anchor it to, Bonnie resembled one of those vestal virgins one would find in musty, old tapestries, hugging unicorns and dreaming of world peace.
Now, it might easily be argued that my bastard ex would have been married to humdrum Bonnie long ago, had I not stirred things up two weeks before their insipid wedding. And, true, it was rather lowdown of me to steal my best friends groom. But hey, if Bonnie had been, lets say, a little more accommodating, her inebriated fianc wouldnt have been found performing sweet naughties with me on top of the coats and cherished stuffed animals strewn across Bonnies Barbie-pink bed during a Jack and Jill party that was nearly as boring as Bonnie herself.
That was eighteen years ago. Eighteen long years of wondering where that beautiful spark went that catapulted us on Bonnies bed to begin with. I thought he was so charming then, and far too adventurous to be marrying someone who lacked imagination right down to her chosen name. I mean, please  had someone ripped out five hundred and ninety-seven pages of the Bonners book of baby names? Or were her parents painfully aware that Bonnie might grow up so empty-headed that she would have to be prompted for her first name by hearing "it practically rhymes with Bonner, dear."
Okay, Bonnie and I had been best friends since the first day of preschool. We bonded over a dreaded fear of napping on mats near boys with cooties. Bonnie always wore pretty dresses. I wore overalls. Her dad drove deals. Mine drove a truck. Her science fair project ended up smack dab on the front page of the paper, while my wimp of a volcano blew up in the principal's face. Bonnies house was out of a page from Better Homes and Gardens. Mine was a prime candidate for Flip This Dump. Aww, you get the picture, I'm sure. Most everyone has suffered a Bonnie Bonner in their lives.
Bonnie was always a softhearted, frivolous dreamer, and I was mired in the live for the moment mentality. As teens, she tried to make me a lady; I tried to make her a groupie. We parted company when Bonnie went to college and I took some time off to decide what to do. And what did I do? I stole the man she brought home to marry. I betrayed her, and now the miserable duo has conspired to betray me. Now, if you think I've got what's coming to me, stop right here. Go and make yourself a nice cup of  chamomile, and count your miserable blessings. But if anything like this has ever happened to you - (and I hope your idiot heel of a husband picked a better department store) - or you're just plain itching for a good revenge yarn with a comical touch of the mystical, stay with me. I promise you something to grin about.
Now, back to the bastard ex.
Oh, the obvious hints of duplicity had been dropped along the way. About a year ago, my bastard ex began downloading old songs that meant nothing to our lives together. I'd often hear him in the shower crooning sappy mush like This Guy's in Love With You, while Herb Albert and the Tijuana Brass provided much needed backup on the toilet seat. He joined a health club, dowsed on the Christmas colognes that had choked in dust for nearly a decade, and actually began caring what shirt looked best with which tie. True cheating slime style, he hid his mystery credit card and secret cell phone bills in files with with wiseass titles like Potential Health Plans.
And what of Bonnie Bonner? Well, after her intended and I disappeared lustily into the sunset all those years ago, my devastated ex-buddy Bonnie made a hasty match with a terribly nerdy journalist and produced three terribly nerdy children. Coincidentally, that marriage fizzled out about the same time my bastard ex slid into nostalgic mode.
The signs had been there, vivid as Route 66 neon, but I refused to see them. One, two, three, over and out; my marriage was finished off in a flooring aisle. And even if my bastard ex didnt sense the irony, I certainly foresaw the paradox in going up against a divorce attorney husband who was ditching me to marry the senior partners only, and once terribly scorned, daughter. Which brings us as to why I am standing in front of a mirror, pouting like a teenager, and trying to decide what to wear on my first date in over eighteen years.



CHAPTER TWO


Does total black say it all when being fixed up on a date by your best friend?
My divorce had been final only a few weeks. It might have been months from being final, had not my bastard ex pleaded to spend the Christmas holidays with his brand new family. Fool that I was, I said okay. Well, I said okay only after he let all the heirloom pieces stay in the house that I also got to keep. On rare occasions, being the wounded party has its perks.
Okay, so the black pantsuit, black shoes, black hose, and heavy makeup were a bit on the severe side. A red belt didnt help. It was so Happy Gothidays. I had a short, shimmery gold number - the kind of dress that was perfect for colliding into George Clooney at a cocktail party. But based on the description of this blind date, a lock-down pantsuit seemed more in order.
Oh, why was I allowing my best friend to arrange this date? I didnt want a date. Were Jo and her husband Drew uncomfortable with me being single now, as if conversations only succeeded in pairs? Or perhaps, did they secretly know the global flood waters were rising and I wouldnt be permitted to board the Ark II without someone to be fruitful, bring forth, and multiply with? And isnt it funny that the first person who tells you how lucky you are to be single, now tries to set you up with someone before the ink is dry on your revised drivers license?
Who was this guy anyway? Someone Jos husband, Drew, worked with. Rob somebodyit was the same last name as a town here in New Hampshire, but he sure as heck didnt own it. This Rob guy had also never been married, but could rattle off more useless trivia than a gift calendar. Joy to the world.
After emptying most of my closet out onto the bed, I settled for dress slacks and a clingy sweater  slightly sexy, without too much promise. To be polite, I brushed my badly colored hair out of my eyes.  Then I prowled through my jewelry box for trinkets given to me by men I knew before my bastard ex things I never wore during my marriage because it made me feel deceitful. Well, not anymore! There was the heavily tarnished half-a-heart ring, now on a silver chain, which my second grade sweetheart gave me. His name was Michael Olsen. Even though we had never so much as held hands, Michael and I vowed to love each other forever. Guess the end of second grade ushered in the end of forever. There were other tokens of fond memories from my younger years in the form of earrings, bracelets, and rings. Some wild ones too, such as the loop-de-loop earrings the maniac gave me who unsuccessfully begged to do it on a roller coaster. Oh, God, this was no time for freaky flashbacks. Plain gold, and nix the wedding ring. That would have to do.
Closing the bedroom door behind me, I went around the house turning off all but the kitchen lights one by one. I paused by the living room where photos of the bastard ex and myself were plastered everywhere. I had to remove them someday; this was true. But for now, they worked better than high speed diet pills. One glance was all it took to keep me away from the refrigerator. Why, the results were astonishing. To date, I had lost eighteen pounds merely glaring at his smug grin. Too bad I had also lost eighteen years.
Before leaving, I pulled a remote out of the drawer and aimed it at the minuscule television on the kitchen counter. Within moments, two bright-eyed CNN anchors came into focus, bantering about the topic of political correctness during the holidays. Sighing, I turned the screen towards the driveway windows. Any burglars on the prowl would believe someone was home. Or better yet, such a small, crappy TV quickly advertised that there was absolutely nothing worthwhile to steal.
Home. It wasnt quite home, all by myself. However, I was determined to put up a good front, in any case. The bastard ex lived only a few miles away in a stunning hilltop contemporary with Princess Bonbon and her boring brood. And no one, right down to the youngest daughters puff-eyed fish, was going to get the chance to gloat over me. Not now. Not ever.
It was damned cold outside. I crawled into my eleven-year-old car and gritted my teeth while the engine wheezed and sputtered like an old windbag before finally turning over. The one thing I should have milked the bastard ex for was a new car. Sure, I got the house, but he moved into a nicer one. I still have what artwork there was, but hell, I bought it  and he somehow ended up with the newer computer. True, I may have kept the wide-screen, but I'm guessing he wound up with better on-demand entertainment.
I drove across town in silence, happy to be seeing my best friend, Jo, but wretched over the prospect of entertaining a date. All around me, homes were brightly lit for the holidays. Too bad there wasnt any snow. Of course, if there were, my junk-box car wouldnt be safe to run. Even with snow tires and the entire cast of Biggest Loser wedged in the trunk, my little V-6 skids with the ease of an ice skate with a rocket attached.
I arrived at Jo and Drews before the great mystery date, which was exactly what I intended to do.  Wearing not much for a jacket, I scurried across the frosted lawn and rang the doorbell, my breath glazing the air with frantic little clouds.
Their daughter, Erin, answered the door. Ten years old and smart as a whip, Erin was a cool kid to be around.
"You forgot the wine," Erin reminded me quietly before shouting, "Mom! Harley forgot the wine."
"Oh, shit!" I mumbled, tapping one leg against the other to keep warm on the stoop.
"Mom, Harley swore!" Erin exclaimed, rolling her big Bambi brown eyes.
Jo appeared at the door, dressed in her classically casual chic style. Jo Bennett has been my best friend for the past two years. We met when I volunteered to direct a play at Erins school. Jo and I quickly found that my crazy, off-the-wall creativeness and her organized, boundless energy were well matched. Jo is the kind of kindred soul you sense youve known and cherished all your life.
"I forgot the wine," I confessed.
"I heard," replied Jo. "No problemo. Come on in before you freeze to death. Jeez, dont you own a decent coat?"
I shrugged. "I always wore the bastard exs camel hair coat. He took it."
"Maybe there will be a coat under the Christmas tree from Santa," said Jo, ushering me into the kitchen where the smells of a six-course dinner mingled warmly with those of cinnamon, scented candles, and Douglas fir. "Want a sip of something strong before Rob Hollis comes over?"
"Amen to that. And do tell me about Rob again. I dont remember anything past the hell remind me of singer Michael McDonald sooo much comment. Does he live here in town?"
"Are you kidding?" Jo roared. "Do you honestly think we'd set you up with someone who lives in Newmont?"
This was a relief. Our hometown of Newmont, with a population around twelve thousand, consisted mostly of working class families. Up in our neck of New Hampshire, people get married young. Its too cold most of the year to even think of doing anything else. The guys who could nail down anything but a spouse after Voc-Tech were now wasting their lives at the library posting phony pictures of themselves on internet dating sites, and drooling over eligible gals with photos as equally fake as their own. The roster of available men in Newmont is about as appealing as week-old road-kill.
Jo pulled out some hors doeuvre platters that appeared ready for a Martha Stewart cover and fussed around the kitchen as she spoke.
"Drew swears Rob isnt a bad guy. There was a receptionist at work he was serious with for a few years. Come to think of it, shes the exact opposite of you  small-boned, dark eyes, dark hair, and really quiet. Anyway, she got a job offer in Texas, and Rob didnt want to go. Or maybe she didn't want him to go. You know, I'm not sure."
"Maybe all his exes live in Texas?" I quipped.
Jo shrugged. "But anyway, I was advised not to ask. Drew says Rob is still a little touchy about the receptionist thing."
"Great. Thats two men in my life whod rather be elsewhere. No, make that three."
"Three? Whos the third?"
"Well, theres the aforementioned Rob, the bastard ex, and my missing cat, Henri."
"Must you always call him the bastard ex? I mean, isnt there any way you two can be friends?"
"Oh, hes trying to be friends. Last week, he emailed and asked if I could whip up something for the step-kids school holiday bake sale, because Bonnie was too busy. So I did. I made sugarless brownies with long expired Swiss Miss, and loaded them up good with Friskies chips. Put Bonnies name on them, too. After all, where credit is due, credit is due."
"He actually asked you to bake for Bonnie?"
I nodded.
"The bastard," breathed Jo.
"You should have spelled her name out in Friskies," Erin giggled. Bright girl. She was definitely learning.
"And I'm sorry about your cat," said Jo.
"That's okay," I nodded, a little sad.
"I'd be sorrier if I liked cats," added Jo.
"I know," I nodded again. "That's okay."
The doorbell rang.
"Its Rob," said Jo, springing into action. "Drew! Get down here, and answer the door. Harley, pretend youre putting those hors doeuvres together. Youll appear gorgeous and remarkably clever in one easy take. And Erin, wipe that smirk off your face this very instant. Men expect to be duped. Its in their wiring."
Drew swept into the room, adjusting the collar on his white sweater. Drew is very tall with dark hair that never seems to stay put. Hes always happy, which is a rare gift in any person, let alone a man.  His eyes crinkle in a cute way when he smiles. Oh, why is it only men can have nice-looking wrinkles?   It is said wrinkles give men character. The only character wrinkles give women is the ability to play Miss Marple.
Drew said hello to me with a little hug and then pointed a remote towards the living room. Classic Christmas tunes began floating through tiny, hidden speakers on the walls. Ah, as if we hadnt heard these songs a million times since the forks got put down on Thanksgiving Day. Still, it was festive, and better yet, the Tanqueray was taking hold. So, I posed with the hors doeuvres, acting as if the Barefoot Contessa secretly took cooking lessons from me, while Erin rolled her bright eyes for surely the fourth time in ten minutes.
Moments later, Rob Hollis appeared. Wow, if this was a dead ringer for Michael McDonald, then the former Doobie Bro was a lot shorter and rounder than I remember. And to be honest, I ain't blind, and I don't like what I think I see.
But at least our roly-poly bachelor was brilliant enough to bring wine. Drew poured, while Jo made a pointed comment about 'my' hors doeuvres looking fantastic. Then Erin went off to the family room to play Mario Kart, while we adults made tracks for the dimly lit living room. Rob Hollis grunted noisily and tapped his feet together like some idiot kid on a swing every time he laughed. I reminded myself to check Michael McDonalds fan blog to see if Mr. Taking It to the Streets touted these fine attributes as well.
"Gee, is that auburn in your hair natural?" Rob asked, peering at my follicles so closely that I could see all the nasty, zit-inflamed ones up his nose.
Blushing nearly as brightly as the flames in the fireplace, I mumbled something to the effect of "mostly, I guess." Then I silently fumed. Geez, I typically spend hours trying to make my hair look good. What was this giggling, toe-tapping, trivia dribbling moron driving at?
Then Jo broke in. "Do you know who really has perfectly unnatural looking hair is that gal at the post office. You know the one I mean - the floozy redhead who flirts with all the old guys."
Sure, I knew exactly the one Jo was talking about. Linney Brosco. Rumor had it Miss Linney got so schnockered at the post office Christmas party she danced on a sorting table, wearing nothing but a white fur-trimmed thong and two limited series North Pole postage stamps. But, hey, was Jo throwing jabs at me with that really remark? That wasnt exactly fair. Jo had the good fortune to look great in very short, no-fuss hair. Besides that, she possessed the kind of eyes that didnt need makeup, and a figure that looked good in almost anything.
Behind the shield of my wine glass, I glanced stealthily across the living room towards the large oak-framed mirror. Hmm, I did appear a trifle outdated. But when in the past decade or so had there been a reason to revamp? The bastard ex had never said anything one way or the other about my appearance. Probably because he was looking at Bonnie, the little red guy with the nasty snicker and a sharp pitchfork whispered in my ear. Then I fumed some more.
"Hows that book of yours coming?" Drew was asking. By the tone of his voice, I imagined he had asked more than once.
I stopped breathing through my wine glass like a scuba diver, and extracted it from my flushed face.
"Oh  oh, yes. Well, Ive got three chapters specifically outlined, but the whole story is right here in my head."
"Harley is writing her first novel," Jo offered in explanation to Rob. "We hope this will be a winning career move for her."
Yes, I thought, especially after the loser career move of marrying a dickhead lawyer.
"Whats it about?" my first  and most definitely my last  blind date snorted.
Instantly, I warned God that if Rob Hollis made one more positively disgusting Neanderthal noise, Id shove that chipotle dip-filled red pepper right up his quivering, pimply nostrils, even if it meant 'my' elegant hors doeuvre tray would suffer the embarrassing loss of a centerpiece.
"Its a Revolutionary War romance about a girl named Sara Warner, growing up in a Loyalist family in Boston. Sara falls in love with a young Patriot doctor, and to impress him, reveals secret information she overheard from General Gages wife  who happened, by the way, to be a Patriot herself, being born in New Jersey. Discovering what she has done, the general sends Saras family away in disgrace. They end up here in a fictional sort of Newmont. Sara and her young doctor try to reconnect after the British defeat at Saratoga, but the guy  his name is Seth Randolph  ends up deliriously ill in a familys home in Vermont, where he recovers and marries one of their daughters instead. Sara pines away. Seth comes to see Sara before she dies, and they vow their spirits will live on together in another world. Its all very touching."
No one responded for a brief time, except for perhaps Erin, who yelled Fudge! at her video game in the family room beyond. As for my particular group, I wasnt sure whether it was a 'reflecting on the overwhelming impact of this great romance' kind of pause, or the what-the-hell-was-that-all-about? variety. Then the no-way-a-Doobie Rob opened his mouth.
"Actually, you shouldnt call it the British defeat at Saratoga. Remember, we were all British citizens at that time, you know."
"Yes, Rob, I did know that. I was merely paraphrasing."
Rob plastered a man of the world look across his fat sissy puss and went on.
"Dont you think women nowadays would rather read about hot-looking chicks who stiletto whatever and whoever gets in their way? What I mean, Harley  if I may call you Harley  is that I believe women from the eighteenth century hold zero charm in this present-day world. Consider it.  They had rotted teeth, stunk to high heaven, and didnt know the first thing about keeping men alert and interested  if you know what I mean, baby."
My jaw dropped lower than Jacob Marley's in A Christmas Carol. I turned to Jo, dumbfounded.   Poor Jo looked back with a huge sorry written all over her face. Oh, man, how many courses was this dinner? Should I have a migraine now, or wait until after the sorbet course  you know, cleanse the palate and bolt? Wow, Drew was going to be in the doghouse many days to come for arranging this date. I think he knew it, too.
"Hey, Erin!" both Jo and I hollered at the same time. Ah, theres no better foil than planting a child in the same room to curtail any and all pointless sexist pig comments. Great female minds think alike.
Erin appeared, not altogether pleased at being pulled away from her far better entertainment.
"Hey, Mom, can't I hang out in the family room until dinner? You wouldn't believe how many mushrooms I just powered up on."
"You're, um, doing mushrooms?" nincompoop Rob asked incredulously.
"Yah, they're fine, as long as you avoid the Koopa shells and banana peels."
"I guess I've been out of the scene for awhile," informed Rob with an irritating little laugh. "So, what the heck are Koopa shells, and why would you include bananas?"
"They're hazards," Erin shrugged.
"Whoa, okay," exclaimed Rob, looking real uncomfortable. "Like mushrooms aren't?"
"They aren't," remarked Erin, evenly. "They give you a short boost of speed."
"I am amazed your parents allow you to trip out like that - I mean, what are you - eight? That's not very old."
"I'm ten, Mr. Hollis, and I just realized I'm old enough to understand what duped means."
"Wed better eat," said Jo, standing. "After all, Harley here has a book to write, and I do believe Erin has homework."
"Homework on a Saturday?" Rob chortled in disbelief. Now, picture this. We are presently listening to holiday music granting peace on earth, good will towards men, and all I was itching to do was to hack up this hick for firewood.
"Yes, homework on a Saturday," replied Jo briskly. "Our Erin is a classic overachiever. So, without further ado, to the dining room!"
And with that, Jo waved us on as though we were all fierce competitors in a gunny sack race,  madly springing towards the pie-eating contest.
I dont believe we let Rob get another guffaw in edgewise during Jos excellent, but rather rapid, dinner. Following dessert, which I believe got flung rather than flambed, Jo insisted that Drew take Rob out to the garage and demonstrate the amazing power behind his brand new cordless drill. This gave me the opportunity to escape home and into bed with a good book.
Yes, so much for blind dates. Perhaps Ill stick with eighteenth-century women who smell bad and spit their loose teeth at obnoxious, dim-witted ape-men sporting stiletto marks all over their ugly mugs.



CHAPTER THREE


I had figured the holidays were going to be difficult to get through, but with Jos help, they drifted by like a breeze. They had me over for Christmas, where I performed the service of entertaining the in-laws while Drew and Jo cooked, and Erin played her brand new video games. Or rather, I should say, they entertained me. I had Jos darling dad on one side and Drews lively mom on the other  one rather deaf and one definitely loud. While I sipped heavily laced eggnog, they lamented back and forth about the rising cost of toilet paper and dragged out their medical kits to compare diabetic needles like two junkies in an alley.
"Now, Harley, dear," began Drew's mom, clucking her tongue, "do you really know what's in that eggnog?"
"Yup," I said brightly. "A hefty, yo-ho wallop of rum."
"No, dear, I was referring to the eggs and cream. Those vital vein clogging creatures won't do you any good."
"Well, it's Christmas," I allowed, lifting my glass.
"That's what my good friend Maggie said, right before she keeled," Drew's mom replied, absentmindedly patting my knee.
"I bet her arteries rivaled a ten layer burrito," Jo's dad mumbled, mournfully.
All in all, we had a delightful dinner, although I believe I was the only one skipping the butter, the gravy, and the delightfully crisp edge on the rib roast. Santa left me a brand new winter coat under the  beautifully decorated tree. Thoughtful Santa. What a darling.
Hopefully, I'll live long enough to wear it.

Later that week, Jo and Drew had a few folks over for New Years Eve. No single guys, but I really didnt care. With happily married men, you can find yourself in some rather intelligent conversations.  Single men on the make prove the exact opposite. If the gal on the other side of the conversation holds no particular charm, the male species in conquer mode experiences difficulty looking her straight in the eye. Furthermore, he is completely incapable of stringing two complete sentences together. This is  because the prowling male fears missing a millisecond of any other available chassis that just might happen to shimmy on by. 
After the big countdown, and a bunch of hugs and friendly kisses, I drove home slowly through the cold, empty streets to find my old cat, Henri, shivering on the doorstep. He hadnt starved. Sly Henri probably found himself a girlfriend in the bastard exs exclusive, views up the ying-yang neighborhood. Still, I was glad to see him. I gave him some fancy cat food in a crystal champagne glass, and made myself a mimosa nightcap to celebrate his homecoming. Then it was off to bed to await a new year with a new life and a new book.
I stuck to my resolution and worked on my story day and night during that long winter, turning away numerous opportunities to slack off at socials, supper parties, shopping trips, and even a last minute cruise. True, the flesh was willing, but the wallet was weak. Besides, as part of my divorce settlement, I was awarded reasonable financial support while writing my book, and wasnt terribly sure how to stretch the term reasonable into including soaking up the sun, not to mention a boatload of rum drinks tallied up at some sexy pool bar in Bermuda.
By the middle of March, I had myself a fairly good three hundred and eighty-eight-page story, filled with action, suspense, and romance. Well, at least Henri purred in appreciation when I read bits and pieces out loud at dinnertime. I hadnt shared a word of it with Jo. I wanted to rework it here and there before getting her honest opinion.
It was on Saint Patricks Day that Jo called and insisted I make time for her. She was coming over with some Baileys, even though it was only three oclock in the afternoon. Being Irish, I did not deny myself this one break from the 'big book.' Heck, with a little Baileys-on-the-rocks inspiration, I could  brush up a few of the love scenes I felt were lacking the necessary spark.
Jo arrived in twenty minutes with not only the Baileys, but also a tray of snacks. She seemed a bit frazzled and impatient for me to slug down the first toast, so I did. Then Jo poured me a second, and dropped the bomb.
"Listen, Harley. I just left the library, and youre not going to like what Im about to tell you, but Im going to tell it to you straight, anyhow."
"What?" I asked, not really hearing her as I rolled a big sip of the creamy stuff around my tongue and eyed the snack tray with apt appreciation.
"Theres a pamphlet at the Newmont Free Library about a benefit book signing coming up in six weeks. The book title you may not know. Its called Saras Song; spelled the same way as the Sara in your book."
"Wow, what a coincidence," I allowed, before the pale look on Jos face frightened me. There was obviously worse news to come. I popped a wheat chip buried under Boursin in my mouth and waited for her next words.
"But the author, you do know."
"Local?" I mumbled around my crumbling cracker.
"Very."
"Oh, is it that Bohjalian guy from Vermont who writes all that beautiful sensitive stuff?"
"Youre getting warmer. Try closer."
"Jodi Piccoult? Her writing is intense."
"Warmer. Try even closer. Try warm enough to rival Hades."
"You've really got me, Jo. I give up."
Jo swallowed hard. "Bonnie Straker."
Next to my divorce debut at Home Depot, this moment was the closest I ever was to fainting. My lungs lost air, my eyes swam, and my limbs went stone cold. Words could not form. Well, not for a full three seconds, anyway.
"How is that even possible?" I spewed, as what little Baileys I had consumed started to churn in my stomach like socks in a power wash.
Jo poured me another shot and pushed the hors doeuvre platter my way. Despite the turmoil in my gut, I knocked back more Baileys and mindlessly shoveled food in my mouth as Jo went on.
"I hung around the library long enough to get the whole story. Guess Bubble Brain Bonnie never would have dreamed of writing a novel until her new and terribly devoted husband convinced her she had the right stuff. He even suggested the subject material  which happens to be a colonial American romance  complete with a young miss named Sara and a sweetheart named Seth."
I stopped chewing and stared at Jo like a Shih Tzu caught with a slipper in its mouth.
"Thats where the glaring similarity somewhat ends," Jo explained, sighing. "Her Sara is engaged to Patriot doctor Seth Randolph. For some reason, her family travels to Quebec, where Sara meets General John Burgoyne. Burgoyne is so taken by Saras beautiful singing voice that he adds the entire Warner family to his entourage as they travel towards disaster  i.e., the Battle of Saratoga. Burgoyne, of course, is forced to surrender. He wants Sara to go back to England with him. She hesitates for all the noble reasons, but then rushes off to Boston to sail with her lover. Its too late. Sara ends up here in Newmont, New Hampshire, a spinster who never again wows the world with song. She dies a recluse in some dingy, sad cave on the outskirts of town."
"What is this, Funny Girl Meets The English Patient?" I managed around the clumped up crumbs in my mouth.
"Marla, the Research Librarian, told me all about it," Jo went on. "The whole thing sounds completely preposterous to me, but apparently the publishers from Seventh House ate it up. Its coming out May first, thus the big deal at our library."
"That stinking dung pile," I hissed, jabbing my toothpick into another meatball, wishing it was a voodoo copy of one my bastard exs most private parts. "He knew what my book was about. I talked about nothing else for eighteen years, but I never once believed he was listening."
"Apparently he absorbed enough literary fodder to pass along to Bimbo Bonnie."
"Hey, do you really think Id write a book about a British general falling for a low-class yokel? I mean, the concept is absurd. Having Burgoyne care enough about some little stick to cart her entire family through the Vermont wilderness is akin to believing Paul Revere took time out on his midnight ride to Yankee Doodle a bunch a sheep in Farmer Browns pen."
"Hey, thats funny," chuckled Jo, lifting her glass.
"But the rest isnt."
"So, what are we going to do about it? Can you sue?"
"Sue a crooked, slimy lawyer? Good luck."
"Should we get in touch with Seventh House?"
"And say what? I sent them a synopsis of my story. I never heard back."
"How long ago?"
"Only a few weeks ago," I replied, rubbing my throbbing temples. "Obviously, Banana Head Bonnie got there first."
"Yep. She has quite a ghostwriting team, from what Marla hinted at. Chief partner Daddy had every legal aide at Bonner, Franklin and Doran doing her research. And the poor receptionist there, Tina, had to type the entire manuscript. Rumor is Tina had to do quite a bit of rewriting, as well. Guess Brainless Bonnie cant be bothered to sit in front of a Word Doc all day and risk screwing up her French tips."
"I cant believe this," I muttered, stupidly.
"Oh, but in a few hours, you will. And when that happens, let me know what we can do to upset the colonial apple cart."
I thanked Jo and told her I had to go soak in the tub. Thats where I do my best thinking. Well, a few scented candles, some mood music, and a nicely chilled glass of Riesling go a long way, too. Within the hour, I had schemed my finest scheme. I toweled off, and got on the phone with Jo, making plans to meet her first thing Monday morning.



CHAPTER FOUR


The coffee had just finished brewing when Jo arrived at the door, dressed entirely in black.
"What?" she asked, noticing my curious stare.
"Did you forget the matching ski mask?"
"Nope. Its in the car," she replied, pouring herself a cup of coffee. "So, what do we do first?"
"Did you get a readers copy of Backstabbing Bonnies book from the library?"
"Got two!" Jo exclaimed proudly as she carefully tipped a few drops of skim milk into her cup.  "Yours is right here in my bag. I started reading one last night. What a snore! Although some of the sex is surprisingly well written."
"Then those scenes were definitely penned by Tina. What Im figuring is that the bastard ex ended up with some of my writing in the computer he took. Well, no matter. Im going to highlight all the material thats the same as mine, and bring it to my lawyer. But thats later. This morning, were repossessing a car  and not just any car, but my car. My '65 Mustang, which the bastard ex is holding hostage in his garage."
Jo appeared mighty nervous. "If its yours, why does your ex-husband have it?"
"Oh, hes the one who wanted it in the first place. Thought it made him look cool. We bought it together, but I made the lions share of the payments. Hey, Ive got photocopies of all my checks. I renewed it, insured it  damn it, I own it! My name is on the registration. He somewhat commandeered  it out of here, and now were just going to somehow commandeer it back."
"Is your lawyer aware of your intentions to commit grand auto theft?"
"Thats grand theft auto, Jo, and stop worrying," I answered reassuringly over my mug. "Im guessing after my bastard ex reads the huge note Im leaving on his garage floor, he wont come looking for my car all that soon."
"Lets hope," replied Jo, obviously battling with intrigue and anxiety all at the same time. Jo went to school in Westport, Connecticut. I cant imagine car hijacking ranked right up there with romance languages for course options.
"Well need to go soon," I said, looking at the clock. "The bastard ex should be at the office, but we better case the parking lot just to make sure. As for the next great American plagiarist, shell be heading out the door any second now to do her errands. Blair Witch Bonnie consistently does her errands on Mondays. Shes as predictable as Ex-Lax."
"But what if the garage door is locked?"
"It isnt. Its always left open Monday, Thursday and Saturday mornings for the housekeeper, who arrives at ten."
"Frig!" groaned Jo, her eyes rolling. "It takes being the second Mrs. Straker to score a housekeeper?"
"Oh, yes. Obviously Beaming Bonnie is too busy pretending to write a book. Theyve got a Spanish woman named Alma who actually lives near you on Orchard Avenue. My hairdresser friend, Vivian, told me all about it. Thats where I got my information. Anyway, we need to go confiscate my car before Alma shows."
One last blast of caffeine, and out the door we went. Within minutes, we were in front of Bonner, Franklin & Doran, or BFD as I always called it, on North Main Street. A hundred years ago, North Main Street was where all the wealthy landholders along the Connecticut River came to winter. Today, all these impressive dwellings are home to doctors, lawyers, and Internet chiefs.
We turned into the drive and glanced up towards Tinas window. She had her back to us and never noticed as we crept by in Jos Subaru and circled the back parking lot. Yep, the bastard exs BMW M6 was there. If we had been in my sorry excuse for a car, I would have rammed it one. A scrunch of cheap, flat gray would have looked really pisser on his special order Moonstone paint job.
Instead, I hopped out and wrote Sleaze across his back window in bright red lipstick. Well, I must admit, I initially wrote Sleeze. Jo corrected me. Hey, spelling was never my forte. Im not even sure I can spell forte. Anyway, we laughed ourselves senseless as we skulked back out under Tinas window and turned right onto North Main.
"That was fun!" whispered Jo. Apparently, this hallowed paragon of the PTO has never plastered graffiti on other peoples property before. "Now what?"
"Onwards and upwards to Summit Drive," I giggled, and off we went.
The house my bastard ex now lords over is a cedar-and-glass starter castle that closely resembles every other cedar-and-glass starter castle in one of Newmonts scant three upscale neighborhoods. Its one monotonous sweep of chemically induced lawns dotted with little solar lights and snore-inducing copycat landscaping. No one has rusty toys in the driveway, or clothes drying off the back deck  or worse still, an old pervert in a cheap folding chair, sitting with the garage door open, sucking down rot gut beer and waving at every poor innocent that drives by. Now, thats an apt description of the neighborhood I got stuck in.
"Looks as if no ones home," announced Jo.
"Yep, Malibu Bonnie has an appointment at the tanning salon as we speak," I replied, digging in my coat pocket for my set of 65 keys. "So, heres the plan. Im going in the side door and getting my car. You stay here in the driveway. The mailman doesn't show up until late afternoon. But if anyone unwanted pops on to the scene, text me an exclamation point. And whatever you do, dont wear that ski mask. Even Patty Hearst didnt wear a ski mask."
"A-OK. Sounds easy enough."
"Wish me luck."
I got out of Jos car and cautiously looked around. Not a soul anywhere. The silence was almost eerie. Maybe this was Stepford Village, and all the plastic, computer chip- controlled 36-24-36 replacement wives were downtown evening out their flawless tans. Frightening. Downright frightening.
One last glance. All clear. I put my hand on the doorknob. It wouldnt budge. The sucker was locked.
"Aww, stupid, son of a frickin idiot, moron, bull crap" I said so loudly that within a moment, Jo was at my side.
"Whats wrong?" she asked, the dreaded ski mask in her hand.
"Some look-out you are," I sniffed. "Anyway, the door is locked."
We sprinted around the garage, conversing in very loud whispers and searching for an unlocked window. We found one, but could only shove it high enough for a greased weasel to squeeze through.
"What the hell do we do now?" I asked, just as Jos cell phone rang. It was Drew, wondering where the heck she was.
"Well, I hesitate to say exactly," Jo began. "But since youre on the phone, Drew, I do have one question. If you were going to break into an ex-spouses garage, how would you do it?"
Amazed and astonished, I watched as Jo ambled away, mumbling "uh-huh, uh-huh," now and then as though she were calmly taking a company lunch order in the middle of a car heist. Next thing I knew, however, the garage door rumbled loud enough to rival liftoff at Cape Canaveral. I peered around the corner, speechless, just as Jo jumped out of her car.
"Drew is so smart. He said most garage door openers are on the same frequency. And he was right.  Hotdamn!"
And there was my Mustang. My baby. All I had to do was get inside and back her out. She was unlocked. Jo slid into the passenger seat, and I sat behind the wheel and breathed in that invigorating old car smell. But there was another scent lingering as well  an overpowering rush of sickening sweet lavender. Obviously the bastard ex had taken Boobless Bonnie out for a spin in my car. I opened the glove box to make sure all the proper papers were in place. They were there, alongside some rather interesting snapshots of Boobless spread-eagle in the back seat of my car, wearing not much more than a smile and a velvet collar. Hmm, by the looks of things, it had been quite a ride.
"Maybe those sizzling scenes didnt come from Tina after all," mumbled Jo.
"What a joke," I managed, trying to squelch my burgeoning annoyance. All this time, I flattered myself that the bastard ex was getting the dullest lovin' of his life. Rather doubtful by the tone in these raunchy little samplers.
"These would be a major hit on the community webcam," said Jo, trying her best to cheer me.
I dug through the rest of the glove box, only to find a brand new brochure from the inn in Vermont where the bastard ex and I had hidden out over eighteen years ago on the very weekend he was supposed to be back in Newmont wearing a tuxedo and vowing to keep himself only unto Bonnie.
"Those cheating scum buckets went to our inn!" I practically shouted. "How dare they?" 
I could envision them locked away in the room we once shared, rolling around on a ridiculous heap of rose petals, existing on nothing but expensive champagne, exquisite candlelight, and eminent sighs of love. Of course, my bastard ex would praise Buck Naked Bonnie to the hilt, assuring her she was now his passionate, velvet-collared pet. Naturally, I was furious.
I started the car rather abruptly and backed out onto the driveway. Then we took the photos of spread-eagle Bon Bons and laid them out across the garage floor above my scrawled note that said: You took my story, now Im taking my car. But dont think that makes us even, asshole!
"I need more lipstick. Mine got used up on the Beamer," I said, still crouched on the ground.
"Why now?" asked Jo, likewise crouched alongside me.
"I want to add a postscript to this lovely message."
"You know I dont wear lipstick," Jo said.
"Maybe youll find some inside the house," we heard a voice thick with a Spanish accent say, and   looking up, we saw Alma.
Alma is a very tiny woman, maybe not much older than thirty, with pretty, soft brown eyes.  However, from where we were, she was bigger and scarier than Hulk Hogan.
"This isnt what it looks like," I sputtered.
"And it isnt what you think," Jo added for good measure.
"Do you want to know what I think it looks like?" Alma asked, crossing her thin arms and leaning over one hip.
"Sure," we managed, gulping. It was an easy bet Jo was wishing she had that ski mask firmly pulled down over her face after all.
"It looks to me as though the wife who got screwed out of her car is taking it back. There also appears to be some nauseating photos of the second wife getting screwed in the car, but who am I to say?"
Jo and I glimpsed at one other. Maybe there was a dim hope we would escape the electric chair.
"How did you know we were here?" I asked timidly.
"First of all, that car is louder than a DC-10 when it starts up. Second, there is an intercom in the kitchen. Last, but not least, I believe the entire neighborhood saw you both running around the lawn like lunatics with their butts on fire."
"So, Alma, what happens next?" asked Jo, humbly.
"I suggest you begin by standing up." We did so. Certainly wed look better on our feet when the police arrived, rather than all scrunched up kissing the ground in similar fashion to the Pope after a lousy flight. "Next, I think you'll need to realize that your car is out of gas."
We listened. Silence. My Mustang was out there on the drive as dead as Dickens' doornail.
"Not that you heard it from me, but there is a full container of gas over in that corner," Alma said, jerking her head.
"Thank you, Alma."
"Like I said, dont mention it. As a matter of fact, dont ever mention it. And while were wiping our memory banks clean, you could also take that set of car keys hanging over that workbench. The only other set is in my hands. Oops, I dropped them."
Alma smiled, and so did we. Now here was a pal.
"Now, about that lipstick. I believe the lady of this house wears Jungle Red. It would look terrific as a postscript to that, ahem, letter I am not going to read. Shall I get it while youre emptying the gas can?"
She did not wait for our answer, but turned and went into the house.
We were happily at work draining the bastard ex out of a good twelve bucks worth of high octane go-juice when Alma returned with the lipstick and graciously handed it to me.
"Im sure I wont be seeing you again in this garage, Miss Harley, but good luck  with everything."
In tribute to Beastly Bonnies pet choker photo 'spread' I added Bow Wow, Bastard to the bottom of my ransom note with Dirtbag Bonnies overpriced lipstick. Truly childish, I know, but well deserved. Mission accomplished.
We all shook hands. Alma is one cool lady. My beautiful 65 got stashed away in Jos garage while mine was being refitted with new locks and all the bells and whistles the Northeast Security Company could readily provide.
Meanwhile, I figured I had a ghost of a chance the bastard ex would keep quiet. In time, I realized how very right I was.



CHAPTER FIVE


I do my grocery shopping first thing every Friday morning. Its one of those deeply rooted rituals I simply cant break, and Im happiest when I get there well before the Newmont community shuttle drops off a busload of noisy, cranky, slow-shuffling seniors.
Today, however, was not one of my happier days. The bus beat me. Therefore, I was forced to wait while a trio of old biddies that couldnt lift a container of Tic Tacs between them tried to pry apart a testy row of shopping carts. I offered to help, but they huffed and they puffed and they blatantly chose to ignore me. Ah, the divine privileges of geezerhood.
I was in a long line at the deli when old Miss Tutherly caught up with me. Agnes Tutherly was my first-grade teacher. She was also my fathers first-grade teacher. I believe she was even President Franklin Pierces first-grade teacher, but dont quote me on that one.
Miss Tutherly warbled hello to me, peering through her little, watery blue eyes and addressing me as Harlene because she claims she cant call a young lady the same thing a Hells Angel straddles.  Somehow, Agnes Tutherly has always reminded me of Granny in the Tweety Bird cartoons. I leaned down and returned the greeting, raising my voice to ask how she was, but Miss Tutherly didnt hear me. Instead, she bypassed the crowd who had numbers to be waited on, and asked the girl behind the counter for ham that didnt have fats, sodium, nitrates, artificial coloring, or additives. The clerk was completely baffled. Another clerk behind her mumbled something about offering Miss Tutherly the paper it was wrapped in. Those of us in line waited and watched while the oldest retired teacher in Newmont played a long game of twenty questions before finally settling on fake pastrami.
"Oh, Harlene, have you heard what has happened in my neighborhood?" she asked, as her spiked-up Jewish turkey was being sliced microscopic thin. I shook my head no, and Miss Tutherly glanced both ways before answering me in a very low voice.
"My neighbor, Philip McGregor, swears the spirit of a young girl is wandering about his property."
Now, everyone for miles around was pretty sure Old Man McGregor had a still tucked away somewhere on his farm. What kind of a secret can there be when your nickname is Moonshine McGregor? Its been said the McGregors were bootleggers from way back. I figured the only spirits Philip McGregor was experiencing were the kind that gave unsuspecting people major headaches in the morning.
"A ghost? You dont say," I began, as my number was finally called and I focused on the roast beef prices.
"Oh, but I do," Miss Tutherly replied, paddling off towards the bakery as only little old ladies can paddle.
I had selected my produce, and was heading around to the condiments aisle, when I ran into Miss Tutherly once more. She was meticulously comparing calorie counts on the various salad dressing bottles, and putting the rejected ones back in all the wrong places.
"Mister McGregor says his ghostly apparition is a pleasant and polite young girl all dressed in white, with bright blue eyes, and a halo of moonbeams about her head," she went on to say. "I think thats lovely."
I was under the general impression most ghostly apparitions dragged rotted linens from their shrunken limbs, had fiery red sockets for eyes, and smelled distinctly of old swamp. But what did I know?
"Yes, that is lovely," I remarked while rummaging for a good horseradish to go with my cheap roast beef. Miss Tutherly merely sighed and moved on. Of course, I caught up with her once again in canned goods. She was diligently sifting through the petite peas, hunting for cans without dents, her silver cane listing dangerously out of her shopping cart like a torpedo tube on a wayward U-Boat.
This time, however, Charlotte Brooks was with her, dressed for a garden party. Charlotte Brooks is a past president of the Newmont Historical Society  so long past, she should be a noted part of the exhibit. Charlotte stood there listening, somewhat impatiently, to Miss Tutherlys spectral tale.
"Describe her costume to me," Charlotte commanded with an unsmiling mouth set firm over three tiers of quivering chins.
"She wasnt wearing a costume, Charlotte. Shes not in any plays, nor is she going to any parties, my dear woman. Shes rather dead," corrected Miss Tutherly, always the teacher.
"No, Agnes. I meant her manner of dress. If you tell me what she was wearing, I might be able to tell what era Mr. McGregors phantom Miss is from."
Era? More to the tune of what proof? I chortled to myself, as I pardoned my way through to the pickled beets. Just to pretend I wasnt listening, I hummed and jived along with the stores Muzak, which happened to be Everybody Dance Now. Hey, I thought I looked pretty smooth, but the ladies didnt seem to notice as they kept on talking.
"Oh, I can tell you what era, Charlotte. Thats simple. Shes from the Colonial period."
"And how do you know?" sniffed Charlotte, somewhat in a huff, perhaps, because she was being cheated out of her chance to 'name that hemline.'
"Because she said so, Charlotte. Her name is Sara, and she was born in Boston in 1760. She embroiders, speaks conversational French, and loves to sing."
Luckily, they were in a can, and not in a glass jar, because my pickled beets crashed to the floor and rolled across the aisle, lodging somewhere under the ready-made graham crusts. Both ladies turned and stared at me.
"Excuse me," I stammered. "Did you say she told you her name was Sara, and that she was born in Boston in 1760?"
"Incorrect, child. She told Mr. McGregor."
"When again did all this happen?"
"Last night  oh, and the night before that, and every night for the past five days. Why, this is the most exciting thing to happen in Newmont since that lovesick moose came courting Sam Perkinss cow. Dan Rather covered it on the CBS Evening News. Remember?"
"And Mr. McGregor didn't called the police?"
"Of course not," declared Miss Tutherly, defensively. "He doesnt want strangers poking around his land."
You mean he doesnt want uniformed officers confiscating his grandpappys still, I concluded in my brain.
"Has anyone else seen this, err, apparition?" I ventured, instead.
"No, only the McGregors. I asked Philip if I could come have a chat with Miss Sara, but he claims he doesnt want me fainting and causing an ambulance to have to try and fishtail it up that hill."
Charlotte Brooks shook her head, and her chins took up the wave.
"But if this is true, the Historical Society should be made aware, Agnes. Do think of it, a colonial spirit who speaks to us from beyond the grave. Consider the invaluable knowledge we would gain."
"Now be truthful, Charlotte Brooks. Youre thinking of the cold, hard cash your Historical Society could rake in when Hollywood comes knocking at our door."
"Agnes Tutherly, you know for a fact my Society would never behave in such a fashion"
I decided not to stay for closing arguments. With a quick nod neither of them noticed, I hastily picked up my pickled beets and dashed towards the checkout lines. I could barely hand over the right change for my groceries. Once outside, I started to dial Jo on my cell phone before realizing she was off to Canada for a weekend jazz festival with Drew and Erin.
Instead, I e-mailed Jo the moment I got home. Following that, I had a rather fussy afternoon, trying to decide what to do. Old Man McGregor didnt know me. It wasnt as if I could saunter over there, share in a few swigs out of a jug of 200 proof, and request a front row seat for the nightly show. But I had to see this for myself. Something about this supposed ghost was fishier than Henris Fancy Feast.
The evening I spent slumped at my desk wondering how to resurrect my wretched attempt at a writing career. The news wasnt good from my lawyer. Beyond all the angles we could try for, the plain truth was that Wham-Bam Bonnie held a copyright. It could even be suggested that I stole my story ideas from her. I was practically bawling in my sauvignon blanc when the phone rang.
It was Jo from Canada. "You got my e-mail?" I asked at once.
"What e-mail?" her voice echoed over the bad connection.
"About the supposed ghost named Sara at McGregors farm outside of town."
"Thats why Im calling," Jo practically shouted. "I saw it on the television news here."
"In Canada?"
"Yes. Supposedly, the ghost of a young woman shrouded in moon beams and mist is roaming the countryside of a little known city in New Hampshire called Newmont, searching for her British general. The reporters here are calling Bonnies book the medium that beckons timeless lovers from the grave. Its positively disgusting!"
I couldnt utter a single intelligent word in reply.
"Harley, are you still there?"
I believe I merely nodded.
"Now, Harley, if you are still there, you must not let this get you down. Im coming back Monday, and were taking action. You hear?"



CHAPTER SIX


We took action by congregating at our favorite watering hole, Beckwith's, in the restored section of downtown Newmont, with three gal pals, Gina Gilbert, Ava Jane Landry, and Pamela Densmore.
Gina Gilbert is a consumer science teacher at Newmont's middle school. After seventeen years of instilling sewing patterns, healthy menus, and balanced check books, Gina still possesses a great deal of patience with her students. How one can maintain a serene face and not have the inner urge to chloroform a horde of hyperactive, hormonal teenagers is completely beyond me.
We became fast friends when Gina volunteered to make costumes for our student drama productions at her school. Proving to be more than proficient with a costume budget consistently hovering around zero, Gina churned out whatever was needed, be it a ton of togas, pirate gear, or pretty little princess gowns. Gina is a great gal and a blast to be around.
Ava Jane is a new member of our close-knit circle. Shes a hairdresser, fresh from West Virginia, who has successfully put an age block on forty. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that eighties hair still looks good on her. That alone is quite a accomplishment, as eighties hairstyles never looked good on anyone else.
Ava Jane owns a unique hair salon here in downtown Newmont that also sells books, called The Feathered Pen. Instead of magazines in her waiting area, Ava Jane offers an interesting arrays of novels. Once started, a good book is hard to put down, so an instant sale is made. Smart thinking.
Last, but not least, Ava Jane Landry is equipped with a killer accent, as well as an attitude, that, once tested, can churn out a southern tirade like no tomorrow. She also can drink anyone under the table and still remain a lady  well, her version of a lady, at any rate. We dont argue with her.
Pamela Densmore  or Pamela Perfect, as many people in and around town have dubbed her, is one of those rarities of womanhood. A champion of volunteers, Pamela effortlessly maintains a pristine house and dresses haut couture every moment of the day. I can picture her decked in Dolce & Gabbana while sanitizing her toilets. In her 'spare time,' Pamela runs an upscale clothing boutique, where all the women who want to look like her, pay handsomely through the teeth to do so.
As a group, we're pretty well balanced. Ava Jane and I are the divorced ones, forever vowing to  lose ten pounds and dive into a great romance. Jo and Gina are our well grounded centers. They have perfect control on their lives, it seems, and amazingly don't have to be medicated to do so. Pamela is a size zero with the same numerical rating applying to her miserable choice of a radio host husband. He's publicly known as Denny Ding-Dong Densmore and his Retro-Pop Reunion Hour. But his real name is Herbie. Yup, just like the car. Only unlike the car, Pamela's Herbie does not have a mind of his own.
"Herbie really set me off today," Pamela sighed petulantly over her skinny margarita."I told him to pick up three bags of that new organic fertilizer all the TV stars swear by. My azaleas are going to roll over and die without it. But Herbie came back empty-handed  said it cost too much. I could positively scream."
"Do better than scream," I replied. "Hit him over the head with a shovel, and grind him for fertilizer. All points covered. Best of all, when the police ask you where he is, you can honestly say hes working in the garden."
Now, Ava Jane, Jo, and Gina roared with laughter; however, Pamela regarded me with great pools of sadness in her expertly lashed liquid brown eyes.
"Oh, Harley, you poor thing. Youre in desperate need of divorce detox."
"Whats that supposed to mean? I am perfectly well-adjusted to being divorced. I love being divorced. Why, look at me! I am the positive poster chick of happiness, considering Ive been shoved aside after eighteen miserable, useless years by a no good, cheating son-of-a-bitch."
"Sounds perfectly adjusted to me," Gina observed calmly.
"I hear some unresolved anger issues loud and clear, girl," claimed Ava Jane, leaning into my side.
"Oh, only some?" I sneered.
"Maybe youre annoyed with yourself for not leavin first," Ava Jane shrugged. "I know I wished Id scooted long before that snoring lard ass I was hog-tied to beat me to the punch."
"Youre right about one thing. I am still angry  which is funny, because at the time he left, I was actually shocked at how happy I was to see him go. Oh, I admit there were moments of missing him. But those brief flights of time have definitely been replaced by the bitterness of being betrayed. Right now, its all one long, bad dream."
"You got it, sugar," Ava Jane purred, her big baby blues glimmering."But it goes to show you didnt love him the right way. Hell, darlin, you didnt even meet him the right way  if I recall sure nuff that story about you two goin at each other like a year-end clearance sale at his and Bonnies Jack n Jill shindig. Tarnation, gal! What the Sam Hill were you thinkin?"
Ava Jane hit the proverbial nail on the head. Oh, if only we could turn back the clock  even just once. I would have ordered the bastard ex straight out of that beautiful inn in Vermont eighteen years ago, and right into Bereaved Bonnies arms for forgiveness on their wedding day. Well, maybe after a gourmet dinner, a bottle of La Grande Dame, and a relaxing soak in the whirlpool.
"Let's drop the ancient history and move on as to why we are really here," began Jo, raising her  martini glass. "Harleys pirated book and the shady ghost girl at McGregors farm."
"Yes, youve all got to believe that I wrote this book first. But my lawyer-slash-bastard ex wants to make sure Bimbette Bonnie gets all the credit. Im sure hes concocted this ghostly appearance over at Old Man McGregors farm  hired an actress, maybe  or an elaborate special effects team. Anyway, its a phantom puzzle we have to piece together and present to the newspapers, along with proof that I am the rightful owner of this story."
"So where do we start?" asked Gina.
"I vote we sneak over to McGregors farm tonight," said Jo, signaling for the check.
"Tonight?" squealed Pamela. "I couldnt possibly. Im wearing my Prevada pumps."
"Well, if you cant run with the bitches, stay under the porch," advised Ava Jane dryly.
We paid the tab and left. Of course, we had to swing by Pamelas so she could change into something Heidi Klum might select for snooping through dark fields and rocky pastures under a waxing, springtime moon. Soon enough, we were on our way.
Old Man McGregor lives in West Newmont, which is a great deal different than any other part of Newmont. Newmont is a big little city with shopping malls, congested housing, and constant traffic on the main thoroughfare. West Newmont is where a lot of people with the same last names lived and died of boredom watching hay grow over the past two hundred and fifty years.
Jo parked in a turnout across from one of McGregors vast, barren fields. Naturally, we all took to giggling when we got out of the car. Multi-layered alcohol drinks can have that level of effect on anybody, never mind five women out in the middle of nowhere late at night, who couldnt remember to go to the bathroom beforehand. We took turns hiding behind Jos car. Ava Jane went first, as she claimed her back teeth were floating. Predictably, Pamela had a roll of toilet paper tucked away in her little Coach purse.
"What else have you got in that contraption?" Gina asked her.
"Oh, some breath mints, a bit of makeup, my video phone, and a small container of mace."
"Guess your mints arent for sharing," remarked Ava Jane, glancing about the great expanse of meadow. "Holy highlights, there better not be any stud bulls in there."
"Oh, and I hope there arent any UFOs up there," whimpered Pamela as she squinted and pointed warily into the endless, starry night sky. "Ive read what happens to women who are abducted by scary little space creatures. They strap you to a metal table and vacuum the eggs right out of your ovaries. Then, they bring them back to their godforsaken planet, where they get cross-bred and raised as gross little intergalactic mutations."
"And once theyre fully grown, theyre booted back to earth to host duller-than-dirt radio shows," Ava Jane sassed back, folding her arms and appearing mighty bored.
"Any clues on where Sara the overly-friendly ghost appeared?" piped in Jo. "After all, Im pretty sure Moonshine McGregors farm is only somewhere around a mere three hundred acres wide."
I grimaced and shrugged. Then, suddenly, Miss Tutherlys thin, little voice fluttered through the alcoholic fog in my head.
"A hill. Miss Tutherly wasnt allowed to visit the ghost because if she fainted, an ambulance would have to fishtail it up a hill."
"Well, were nowhere near anything resembling a hill," sighed Gina. "Still, I think we should leave the car here and walk."
"Walk?" echoed Pamela, checking her twelve hour lipstick in a little mirror by the scant light of the moon. "How do you know that hill isnt miles away? Besides, we could be eaten by rabbits, or something."
"Youre quite the city girl, Pammy," observed Ava Jane setting out up the drive. "Cmon everyone.  Times a-wastin."
We trudged on for a bit. Gina suggested we should sing, but the only song we came up with was Ghostbusters, and no one could agree on the exact lyrics. Pamela Perfect shared her mints. Luckily, we had all emptied our bladders back by the car, because we heard a screech owl that would have made us pee ourselves with fright. We rounded a steep corner, the kind that makes you think you're going to drop off the face of the earth, when a thick bank of clouds crossed the moon like a hand before a face, classic horror-movie style.
"Creepy," whispered Gina, just as the clouds dissipated slightly and the moons silver rays filtered through to partially reveal before us a dew-drenched hill.
"This must be the place," announced Jo.
"But wheres the singing ghost?" Pamela Perfect chattered through her teeth, as she hugged her sides, probably wishing she had dressed a bit less talent show hostess and a great deal more LL Bean.
"I cant imagine ghosts are on twenty-four seven," muttered Gina.
"After all, isnt it supposed to get colder than a spinsters tit when a spirit is tryin to materialize?" interjected Ava Jane.
"It is colder than a spinsters tit," whined Pamela, directly before a large twig or branch snapped in hearing range. To make it even more suspense-story perfect, the feeble light of the moon began to trail along the frigid ground, expanding until it brushed over the mouth of a terribly foreboding cave.
"Hey, no one said anything about a cave, did they?" whispered Jo as we all stopped dead in our tracks.
Caves? Egads. Werent caves crawling with spiders  not to mention spider webs  freaky creatures, rabid bats, and the decaying bodies of animals and people too brainless not to be at home in front of Game of Thrones? Besides, we hadnt brought any of the proper equipment to go investigating caves, such as hiking boots, ropes, coal miners hats, and those little cyanide tablets you were supposed to gum open when all hope was gone. The only light we possessed was the meager green-blue glow from Pamelas cell phone  the one with Jimmy James' Fashionista as a ring tone. Great theme song for parading down a pitch black hole in the ground.
"Well, we're here; lets get a move on," said Ava Jane. It figures Miss Drink 'Em Under the Table was ready to claw her way through several yards of critter crap, just to face off with the phantom of the opera.
"Im game," boasted Jo. Sure, cos she was the athletic one  probably could vault over all the animal dung and skeletal remains with a single, breathless bound.
"Okee dokee," chimed in Gina, obviously too high on tequila to care about the mind-bending effects of spider bites.
That left Pamela Perfect and me shivering in the night wind.
"Well stay right here and hold up Pammys cell phone for light," I offered before Jo grabbed my arm and dragged me with her.
You could choke on the dankness from that cave a hundred feet away. I was more than ready to surrender any claim on that frigging book, including exclusive TV and motion picture rights, to Back Seat Bonnie when another snap was heard, followed by a strange blend of voices drifting up from the hollows of the earth.
We all paused and slowly turned in the direction of the noise, trembling from the chill breeze, alcohol buzz, and absolute downright fear. A strange, electric-green glow began to ebb, growing larger and larger until the shadowy form of a man in uniform was seen almost hovering there before us.
"Sara?" he cried, and his voice echoed in a distant, frightening way. "My Sara, is that you?"
"Thats General John Burgoyne!" I exclaimed as we turned and ran  not a one of us looking back.  But you could sense that the aura of light, and the apparition who inhabited it, still loomed back there, mournfully calling her name.



CHAPTER SEVEN


The next day, we had hangovers and our names in the papers.
The last thing I wanted was to be pointed out in print, but Ava Jane reckoned it would be kickass publicity for her salon, and gleefully shared our experience with both The Newmont Tribune and the Upper Valley Chronicle. Perhaps her version was a wee bit muddled. When Ava Jane was asked just why five gals were out in West Newmont during the bewitching hours, she brazenly portrayed us as change-the-world women gathering over a healthy supper to discuss providing reading books for needy children. Following that, we rewarded ourselves with a power walk in the invigorating country night air.
To set the record straight, I prefer to save that all important 'change-the-world' status for starry-eyed beauty pageant contestants. A healthy meal for me is one that miraculously escaped being nuked, and - above all - power walks were never chart-busters on my must do list. Even if they were, Id much rather suck down diesel fumes on busy, over-bright Washington Street, than subject myself to even one second of stumbling around in the demon black of nowhere, choking on overripe cow dung.
For the first few days, I literally scrambled in a corner and cringed every time the phone rang. I figured it would be the bastard ex, taunting me  and rightfully so  for being daft enough to get caught ghost hunting. Come to find out, he was far too busy to waste his breath making a further fool of me.  Sleepy little Newmont was being swept up in haunted fever, a fever that found his precious wife firmly secure at the very helm.
The regional articles highlighting our ghostly generals visit were picked up by the Associated Press and reprinted across the country. Reporters were phoning in from all four corners of the globe, pleading for in-depth interviews with all parties concerned. McGregors niece, who worked on Capitol Hill, packed up and came to Newmont to manage the media blitz for her elderly uncle. Not only that, all three grown McGregor boys crawled home to capitalize on the craze. McGregors farm was obviously being primed to rake in a great deal more than moldy hay. Within a week, it was rumored the McGregor clan was planning road barriers, pay-to-park fields, amusement rides, and concession tents.
This did nothing to prevent hordes of writers and photographers from roving about town to catch a glimpse, not to mention an award-winning photo, of the great General John Burgoyne. Surprisingly, the 215-year dead aristocrat did not disappoint. Within the span of fourteen days, he materialized eight times before dozens of eyewitnesses  sometimes atop a misty ridge, and occasionally at the mouth of McGregors cave, which had its notch in history as Kings Cavern  a place where Loyalists actually did hide out during the American Revolution. This little known fact lit off an atomic bomb of curiosity, and Newmont suddenly became a glowing dot on the map.
Every organization in town sprung forward to ride the tidal wave of notoriety. An open discussion was called at Newmont Free Library. Not caring what the bastard ex might do or say, I decided to go with Jo. The meeting was set for seven in the evening. We thought it best to go late, and simply sneak in the back of the room. Imagine our surprise when we discovered that with so many people attending, it had to be moved from the large Carnegie-designed library, which seated eighty, to the Opera House, which held nearly eight hundred.
Knowing fully well that the bastard ex and Book-Stealing Bonnie would be near the front of the stage, Jo and I fought through the crowds and headed up the grand staircase for the balcony. Luckily, we found two seats together behind Dan Hayward and Bobby Wright from our local theater company, the Newmont Players. The place was packed. Glancing around, I saw a lot of people I knew. This topic was clearly hotter than a firecracker.
A plaster relief of merry cherubs blowing trumpets lorded over the stage where our local heads of organizations, businesses, and government sat flushed and sweating beneath the harsh par lights. Pint-sized Margaret Randall, who ran our Chamber of Commerce, stood behind a podium at the footlights. Shes a very intelligent woman who, up until only recently, had her hands full trying to promote our beleaguered little city. Now, it seems, she was clearly up to her eyeballs just trying to keep it under control.
"...I know you all have questions," she was saying, waving her hands madly to quiet the audience.  She resembled a frantic bird trying to fly up to the microphone that had been apparently set for someone much taller. "However, if you could hold your comments until weve outlined some of the proposed plans, Id appreciate it."
The crowd noise spiraled towards the frescoed ceiling and settled to an electric hum. Mrs. Randall drew a deep breath and continued with a quivering smile.
"The media has brought a lot of attention our way, and we have no doubt there will be a great deal more when Mrs. Strakers novel hits the stores in a few short weeks. It was supposed to debut May first, however, the appearance of our star-crossed lovers from the other side has convinced the publishers to repackage the book; thus, the delay. Mrs. Straker is here in the audience."
With this, Mrs. Randall proudly held out her hand to where my dimwitted nemesis was seated.  Prompted by the applause, Blushing Bonnie hesitated before standing. However, the instant she did, she lit up brighter than a Broadway marquee. Judging by her looks, from her recently highlighted hair, to her shining designer shoes, this fifteen-seconds of fame had been well thought through. Cameras whirled while she turned about, waving as though she were a newly crowned Miss Universe. Good thing she wasn't handed a scepter, cos I for one could have crammed it up her scrawny butt.
Brava Bonnie finally sat.
"In the meanwhile," Mrs. Randall continued, "we have before us the task of dealing with the pandemonium our ghostly callers have created. Our office staff alone has spent hours fielding calls from area news stations and specialty programming executives. It may interest you to know we have heard from the History,Travel, and Discovery channels. However, of all the prominent candidates brought to our attention, we  (at this Margaret turned and indicated the slow roasting panel behind her)  have decided to encourage the crew from Britains Best Hauntings to film a segment of their highly popular television series right here in Newmont."
The Opera House buzzed with amazement and speculation. Britains Best Hauntings was indeed a must-see show for the disillusioned and dateless on a Saturday night. I know, because I watched it.
"Why not get ahole-a those guys on Ghost Hunters?" one scruffy man from the front row hollered.  "Theyre true blue American and they dont talk all gawlram uppity and snooty-like."
There were a great many of this mans contemporaries in the audience gawlram agreeing.  Margaret Randall fluttered her arms like a seagull hovering over trash in an attempt to silence the restless throng once more.
"Perhaps, but keep in mind that John Burgoyne was British," she advised us gently. "The folks at Britains Best Hauntings have a great deal of conjecture as to why Burgoyne would appear here in Newmont. Mrs. Strakers book is supposed to be a work of fiction. However, the hostess and emcee of Best Hauntings, Elana Kentfield, believes Bonnie Straker may have unknowingly become what is called a spirit medium, allowing Sara and her gallant British officer to create a literary masterpiece through her that is, in fact, beautifully tragic and true."
"This hall needs to come equipped with vomit bags," I whispered to Jo.
"Yah, but look how everyone is getting into this," Jo whispered back. 
She was right. Well over a hundred people had their hands raised, wishing to be heard, while many others couldnt be bothered to wait. I cased the place, noticing how everyones eyes were glazed over, probably with greed, registering how many tourist dollars these ghostly goings-on could potentially dish up. It was frightening.
Meanwhile, in front of us, our two theater buddies were laughing up a storm. I leaned forward and forced myself into the conversation.
"Hey, what do you guys think of all this?" I ventured.
"Its pretty damned funny, if you ask me," replied Dan. Dan Hayward is a big, good-looking, charismatic guy who typically lands the lead in every play slated for sixty miles around town without trying.
"Youre right there," said Bobby, shaking his head. "Figures a dead guy draws more of a house than any show weve ever done at the Opera House."
I clutched the back of Bobbys chair and sighed.
"But dont you think its a little suspicious looking? Oh, Im not even going to get into what a sham Bonnie is with that book. But to suddenly have the subject of your novel turn up from a grave thousands of miles over the pond is a wee bit shady to say the least  especially when our little ghost writer down there has a doting husband with a big head and an even bigger checkbook. A husband who, by the by, stole this story  my story  right out from under me!"
Bobby grimaced. "Yeah, I was sorry to hear about you and whats-his-face busting up and all.  Sure, Bonnies a bit of a looker, but not enough for me to disregard the huge, blaring vacancy sign on her top floor. Still, you must have exploded when you found out they were sneaking around behind your back for the last two years."
Two years? My slimy bastard ex had confessed to it being far less than one! I stood up and glared over the edge of the balcony to where the two of them were sitting, basking in the glow as though they were Chuck and Camilla posing for replacement tea towels.
"Scheming buckets of pus," I fumed, which made Dan laugh so loud, more eyes were fixed on us than need be.
"Cmon, Harley," Dan sighed, reaching back and patting my hand. "Shame be to him who evil thinks."
"What?" wailed Jo, her eyebrows arching in question.
"Oh, Dans just being weird  trying on a new part for some out-of-town play," Bobby mumbled.
"Yup," laughed Dan. "It's a doozy of a role - one with what you might call his-"
"Shh!" exclaimed Bobby as he elbowed Dan in the side. "Listen  theyre letting us in on more about the Best Hauntings team. I want to hear this."
I settled back in my seat and smoldered while Margaret Randall outlined the urgent need for hotel rooms, heightened security, and organized socials for our proper English guests.
"Their world is more, shall I say, cultured than ours. As Londoners, they have thousands of years of history, and the arts, at their fingertips, whereas we in northern New England enjoy  well, a more rural, simpler way of life."
Well put, Mrs. Randall. How true. Some of Englands most colorful characters have been laid to rest at Westminster. Ours have most likely been reduced to ash in secret burn pits. Who knows? In England, the sociable can choose from any number of art openings and cocktail parties. I could just envision our English guests remarking how dainty the Eagle snacks were during karaoke hour at Bettys Biker Bar, before taking in our latest art exhibit in the clearance aisle at Big Lots. Yes, by all means, bring on the Newmont socials. Only make sure they are being offered by people who really know what crudits are, and dont proudly serve them in old Cool Whip containers.
"Lets get out of here," I said, tugging on Jo's sleeve. "I think Im going to be sick."
By the time we reached the gleaming stained glass windows by the grand staircase, the meeting was breaking up. Swarms of people burst through the exit doors, and in the noise, we heard our names being called. It was Gina and Ava Jane. They waved to us and we waved back, waiting for them by the ornate Opera House ticket booth.
"Holy cow tippers, didnt you see us tryin to flag you down these last twenty minutes?" Ava Jane asked when she caught up to us all out of breath.
"Nah, we were too busy listening to Dan Hayward quote lines from his next Shakespearean role," replied Jo, raising her voice over the din.
"I know Pamela is somewhere down in the front rows. Do you want to find her and go to Beckwith's for a nightcap?" asked Gina.
"Cant," said Jo. "Harley here isnt feeling all that well."
"I feel well enough for a drink," I answered. "Lets find Pammy."
We found Pamela chatting with Natalie Roberts, a great gal who runs a gently used clothing store for women, on Tremont Street, called Arabellas Closet. Natalie didnt have time for a drink, but Pamela did. We asked Pamela what she was talking about with Natalie as we walked away. Sighing, she took my arm and gave me one of her typical 'distressed Pammy' looks before speaking.
"Oh, I recognized my shoes on Bonnie Straker. Gorgeous little Moda Odessas I picked up in Manhattan, but when I got them home, the color just didnt jive with anything I owned. So, I gave them to Natalie to sell at her store." Pamela paused, giving us a moment to react, before adding, "Natalie told me Bonnie said something very strange that day. Bonnie thanked Natalie for all her years of service, but went on to say that her days of shopping in used designer stores were definitely over, now that their ghost ship had sailed in. Natalie said Bonnie was acting strange, very catty. Natalie didnt know what to make of it."
We all looked at one another knowingly. "But we do," Jo said."Cmon, gang, I hear a martini calling my name!"
Beckwith's was jammed  so jammed they practically had the jazz trio wedged against the steamed windows. The owner, Laura, saw us near the end of the waiting line, motioned us forward, and took us to the table we preferred in the back of the room. We thanked Laura profusely for the V.I.P. treatment.
"Think nothing of it, gals," she said, smiling. "I know you prefer this spot, and, well - I hate to mention it - but I thought I should warn you, Harley, your ex booked a spot for six near the band. Theyll be here any minute."
"Thank you, Laura," I sighed. Thank goodness I had my back to the entrance. We ordered our drinks and spoke little, while Gina and Jo resembled momma hawks peering towards the door on the lookout for tasty rats.
Within a quarter of an hour they arrived, the bastard ex, his in-laws, and Boasting Bonnie. Also in their clutches, were our library director, Mike Granter, and his pretty wife, Kathleen. With their arrival, most of the restaurant patrons stood and applauded. Once bashful, Bonnie now fully worked it left and right, soaking up the accolades as though she had suddenly become a sickening, tsunami-sized sponge.
"I could stroll by and accidentally dump my pretty umbrella drink on Bonnie," offered Gina.
"No, dont!" cried Pamela. "Youll wreck my beautiful shoes!"
"Not to mention waste a good glass of liquor on a bad case of the uglies," added Ava Jane.
"So how do we prove theyre lying?" asked Jo. "How do we show this crazed-up town that Harley here is the real author and Bonnie Straker is nothing but a cheap, rip-off queen?"
"I feel real bad," moaned Pamela. "Just look how they have our library director in their claws.  True, this book is going to raise a lot of money for the library, but what happens when Bonnie gets found out? Mike Granter and his staff will appear to be part of the rouse. That wont be good."
We bantered ideas around, some of them good, some of them truly senseless, while all around us, folks patiently waited their turn to visit with Bold-faced Bonnie. The place was jumping with jazz music, chatter, and the clinking of drink glasses. Bonnies blitzoed father was buying rounds for everyone in the house  everyone, that was, except us. I was so irritated, I wanted to turn around and wing my chair at them.
Suddenly, Meghan, the bartender, was at our table. It was actually nice that someone came to see us. Meghan sat next to me with an exhausted sigh.
"Lauras covering for me," she explained, wiping her hands on a bar mop. "Whew, what a busy night! Anyway, I had a question for you, Harley."
"Sure, Meghan, what is it?"
"Well, its no secret these historical hauntings are going to rip the rusty ol lid right off of this town. People will be coming here in droves, and Laura was hoping to offer a few catchy Colonial-style drinks for the supper crowd. You know, the ones with funky, old names. So, Harley, youre the history buff. What can we come up with?"
I thought for a moment or two. "You could offer a Mimbo, which is rum and brown sugar, or a Stone Fence, which is cider and brandy. A Sangaree would be wine and soda. You probably dont want to make Flip, which consists of eggs, sugar, brandy, rum and beer toasted with a red hot poker  might have the Health Officer plastering some nasty yellow signs across your front door over that one."
"Geez, thanks, Harley," Meghan replied, hastily making some notes. "I asked Bonnie what drinks she could think of, being the big-time author and all, and she couldnt summon up diddly-squat. Why, someone in her group mentioned a drink called Blackstrap, and Bonnie claimed it was the same thing as Black Russian."
"Isnt Blackstrap a rum drink?" asked Gina.
"No," I answered, shaking my head. "Well, maybe for some people, but the true meaning of Blackstrap is any Mediterranean wine."
"Wow," said Jo. "You really do know your stuff."
It was then that a bell went off in my head. And not just any bell. It wasnt the sweet little ting-a-ling youd hear on a precious kitten, or the tender chime that rings round your heart when George  Baileys angel, Clarence, gets his wings. No, it was the kind that gongs and vibrates like hell when two opponents are about to grit their teeth and rip each other apart in the ring. I stood.
"Where are you going?" asked Jo.
"Follow me," I exclaimed, waving my hand. "Its time for round one!"
With a rush of confidence, I crossed the room to where my adversaries sat, draining down Manhattans and dreaming of dollar signs.
"Oh, its that cheap, revolting man-stealer!" Bonnies mother harped, fluttering a bejeweled hand over the place where her heart ought to be.
"There, there, she wont be here long," garbled her mottle-faced husband, patting his wifes flabby arm and cooing as though she were a drooling mutt in desperate need of an open truck window.
"Damn straight there, pops," I declared. "So listen up. With the exception of Mike and his wife, Kathleen, we all know I was the one who was supposed to have a book out right about now, and not Bonnie. And I think we can all guess whats gone on behind the scenes to make this so-called story of hers happen."
"Youre talking nonsense, Harley," my bastard ex replied in that patronizing, but really meant screw you, lawyer voice of his.
"Am I? Well, to prove that Im not, Im challenging you, Bonnie Bonner  pardon me, through the sleazy art of adultery  now Straker, before these witnesses, to a history showdown."
"A what?" Bonnie aptly choked on her cherry bomb cocktail.
"A history showdown. Mike Granter has a research librarian and a historian on staff  Marla Smith and Colin Anderson. If they would be so good as to prepare twenty questions dealing with Burgoyne and the Saratoga campaign, and name the date and time  you and I will face off at the library. Pure and simple. That will determine once and for all who knows her stuff."
"And what will that prove?" Bonnies father sputtered like an old steam engine.
"More than youll ever want known," Jo replied evenly.
"I say you should do it," needled Gina. "After all, Bonnie, if you really researched and wrote about Burgoyne, a few straightforward questions should be a piece of  oh, what did they call it in those days?"
"I don't know," mumbled the boozed up Bonnie.
"Johnnycake," supplied Ava Jane.
"Even I knew that one," slurred a soused man at the next table.
"Yes, I also suggest you do it, otherwise I won't stock a single page of your stinkin' book in my store  which, by the bayou, is the only game in town, Miss Bonnie Britches," added our pal, Ava Jane, in her finest southern drawl while flashing her big baby blues for good measure.
Mike Granter, being the innocent we all knew him to be, had begun to look nervous. Certainly not a single member of the Bonnie Bunch wanted more restaurant patrons overhearing my challenge. Bombastic Bonnie had no choice but to accept.
We returned to our table in triumph, and ordered another round of drinks. Funny, but the clamor in the restaurant which had, moments ago, seemed so cold, unfriendly, and against us, now resounded   with warm comfort. Smiling, I jotted a request on a slip of paper for the band to play anything British. And when our beverages arrived, we toasted General Johnny Burgoyne, thanking him for his spirited visitations, and wondering if, during this upcoming battle, he wouldnt mind pitching in a little on our side.



CHAPTER EIGHT


Our showdown was set for the very next Thursday when the library closed at seven.
I was notified of this via a lengthy legal document, which, in one of many paragraphs, informed me: inviting, invoking or inciting the media as to the place, time or subject of the event would lead to an automatic and immediate dismissal of my alleged and unfounded accusations. I simply scribbled back that if they could manage to keep their overactive phantom general from materializing on the library lawn and dancing a gig that evening, no one would be the wiser. Naturally, I received no official reply to this. Nor was I surprised.
I should have been studying for the great debate. Instead, I spent the entire morning debating what to wear. Obviously, Phony Baloney Bonnie was going to be fashionably festooned, even if her only audience were library staffers. The bastard ex rarely saw me in anything other than old tee shirts and jeans; however, tonight the tide was going to turn.
After lunch, I drove downtown to Arabellas Closet where Natalie helped me find something subliminally appropriate for major butt kicking. I came home with a feisty little red skirt, a clingy white top, and a pair of heels even Pamela Perfect would die for.
During the afternoon, I conditioned my hair, buffed my nails, and envisioned the grand tte--ttes Id share with the Britains Best Hauntings team. Maybe Best-Dressed Bonnie would look okay on their program, but in any event, I was sure to sound the more knowledgeable. This show was going to lead to very good things. I could just imagine the literary world embracing my romantic little story and me. Why, I was indulging in a whimsical fantasy about Celine Dion begging to sing the title track for the James Cameron-directed epic motion picture, when the phone rang. It was Jo.
"Spent the entire day with your nose in the history books?" she surmised, hopefully.
"No, but I have shaved my legs for the first time in three weeks."
"Nancy Grace will be greatly relieved," returned Jo. "Meanwhile, have you brushed up your Burgoyne? Colin Anderson is a very smart historian. He could catch you on something very trivial."
"Benumbed Bonnie will easily trip up first," I answered, chewing on a chocolate chip cookie. "Im not the least bit worried."
"Do us both a favor and worry a little," advised Jo. "Ill pick you up at a quarter to seven. Be ready."
"Aye, aye, Captain," I laughed.
Hanging up, I knew Jo was right. She was always right. I went to my bookcase and gathered up everything I had on the subject of General Burgoyne. Then Henri and I curled up on the couch where I read aloud. Henri was bored. His tail twitched all the way through the Saratoga campaign. I think we both fell asleep somewhere before the less than action-packed surrender.
I was dreaming about Oprah catapulting me to the top of her coveted book club list, when the doorbell rang. I startled awake, and Henri bolted off my lap. Stumbling to the door, I opened it to find Jo tapping her heels, car keys in hand. It was 6:40.
"Youre not ready," she easily observed.
"Shit, shit, shit!" I exclaimed as I ran around the house like a deranged woman. I had fallen asleep with wet hair. It now looked as though I had wrapped it around the tongs of a pitchfork. My eyes were puffy, and my breath stunk of the sardines Henri and I shared as a snack.
Jo took charge.
"What are you going to wear?" she asked, and I pointed dumbly towards the bedroom. Jo gently pushed me back into the bathroom.
"Wash your face. Youve got indented fabric patterns all down your left side. Youre a dead ringer for a really bad At Home with Martha Stewart ad."
Jo went into the bedroom where my skirt and blouse were crumpled on a chair beneath a very agitated Henri.
"Shoo, Henri, shoo! Great, Harley, your clothes are a mess. Do you have an iron?"
"An iron?" I echoed in confusion. I hadnt ironed clothes since Home Economics in the seventh grade.  I even believe I was excused that day for burning my stomach with the stupid thing.
"Okee-dokee," I heard Jo sighing. "We dont have time anyway. Ill go run these in your dryer for a sec. You do have a dryer, don't you? Meanwhile, put on some make-up, pull your hair back, and for heaven's sake, brush your teeth. Youve got fifteen minutes."
I probably ended up looking more like a clown in a Stephen King thriller than a Colonial history diva; however, we made it out the door at 6:59. Luckily, the library was only three minutes away.
True to form, Beanpole Bonnie was trying to look too sexy for her shirt. Surrounded by her in-laws, my bastard ex, and the entire legal team at Bonner, Franklin & Donner, Bonnie greeted me with what she hoped would pass for an overconfident smirk.
On his part, library director Mike looked very tired sitting behind a three-panel desk with historian Colin and researcher Marla. Colin Anderson has a brainy but very friendly look about him. Marla Smith is a great, fun gal with a one hundred percent lack of tolerance for bullshit. Therefore, having her placed directly across from a bunch of gold-pen-pushing lawyers was just priceless. Mike cleared his throat and indicated Colin, who stood.
"Welcome everyone," Colin began, opening his notebook. "Now, the premise is this. Marla and I have compiled twenty questions dealing with General John Burgoyne, using up-to-date reference materials. I will pose these questions beginning with Mrs. Straker  err, Mrs. Bonnie Straker. If Mrs. Straker answers incorrectly, Mrs.  err  Harley Straker gets a chance to answer. The one who answers correctly will receive the next question. For example - "
"Just get started," Marla said quietly but firmly. So Colin consulted his pocket watch, and as he did so, one of the lawyers sitting up front started an egg timer. I wasnt sure whether this was meant for counting our time on answers, or for billing every frigging second he was being forced to sit there. In any event, he sure wasnt preparing egg salad.
"Mrs. Bonnie Straker, where was General John Burgoyne born?"
"England," replied the bright-eyed Bonnie, with a little girly type giggle.
"Could you be a little more specific, Mrs. Straker?"
My overly perfumed opponent gushed and batted her triple-lashed eyes.
"To be honest, Mr. Anderson, since I wrote about the mature General Burgoyne, I sadly did not research much of his youth."
"Fair enough," Colin relented. "Mrs  err  Harley?"
"John Burgoyne was born February 24th, 1722, Bedfordshire, England."
"Oh, how Wikipedia," my sinister ex father-in-law remarked under his booze ladened breath.
Colin continued.
"At what age did Burgoyne begin his military career?"
I watched, positively thunderstruck, as Bonnies tubby mother tapped the fingers of her open left hand on her cheek three times.
"Fifteen," Bumbling Bonnie blurted out of turn. Geez, good thing Burgoyne didnt start at forty, or old lady Bonner would have slapped herself unconscious.
"Very good," remarked Colin. "Even though that was Mrs  err Harleys question."
I raised my hand.
"Categorically, I would challenge that statement. Burgoyne began his military career in 1740. In 1740, Burgoyne would have been eighteen."
Colin gave a scholarly cough and scribbled something in his notebook.
"All right then. Perhaps we could consider that one a draw. Now, this question goes back to Mrs  err  Bonnie Straker.  Burgoynes wife died while he was in the Colonies; however, he later had children by his mistress.  What was her name and occupation?"
"Susan Caulfield, an opera singer," beamed Bonnie.
I shot a glance over to where Mrs. Bonner was sitting quietly. Since Momma Lard wasnt standing on a chair holding a spear and balancing Viking horns on her head while singing an aria, it seemed fairly apparent that her denser-than-dirt daughter managed to study something. Either that, or old man Bonner promised a new library wing in order to have the questions in his daughters hands well ahead of time. I looked back at Colin.
"For  err Harley. Burgoyne returned to England following the surrender at Saratoga, where feelings against him ran high. What was the outcome of the trial Burgoyne demanded to defend his conduct?"
"There was no trial," I answered smugly. 
Colin nodded and checked off another correct for me as the Bonner side shifted nervously in their seats. I looked at the clock. It was only a quarter past seven. This wasnt bad at all. By eight oclock, I could be back home at my computer reworking some of my story.
"Mrs  err  Bonnie. What were the last titles held by Burgoyne?"
"Do you mean like a book?" she mumbled, and then, as if some huge spotlight snapped on in her vacuous head, "Oh! I think I know. He was Commander-in-Chief of some privies. Yes, yes, I believe thats right."
"Burgoyne was Commander-in-Chief of Ireland and a Privy Councilor  the kind of Privy that has nothing to do with outdoor plumbing," Colin remarked sternly, turning towards Mike and Marla.  "Should we give Mrs. err  oh, you know which Straker, that point?"
Mike nodded with a huge sigh. Perhaps he was merely on the 'make no waves' program.  Meanwhile, Jo grunted audibly enough to show that our small but forceful team was not amused.
Colin turned to me.
"Burgoyne was also a playwright. Name two of his dramatic works and the years in which they were produced."
Wasnt it screamingly suspicious that Bonnie was dished out mostly gossipy questions, and I got nailed with the ones that required date verification? No matter.
"Maid of the Oaks in 1774 and The Heiress in 1786," I came back, smooth as silk.
"Oh, Montgomery Clift was in The Heiress," cooed dumbbell Bonnie, causing Marla to drop her head in her hands and moan.
"Different Heiress," sighed Colin. "Now, Mrs  err  Bonnie Straker. What color coat did British generals wear?"
Jo and I glimpsed at one another with screeches of what gives? written all over our faces. This little contest was rigged tighter than a competition yacht. I watched flabbergasted as Bonnies mother began frantically pointing at my red skirt.
"Red?" Baffled Bonnie mumbled. "Oh, why do I think this is a trick question?"
"Correct," announced Colin.
"Oh, I knew it was a trick question," wailed my airhead adversary, pounding her fists on the table the way only a high-maintenance bitch with expensive salon-treated nails can. "All right then  green! Is it green? A deep emerald, Wizard of Oz kind of green?"
No one spoke, although Im sure everyone was thinking plenty.
"Red was correct," Colin replied stiffly.
No shit, people. Then Colin turned and regarded me with a strange, steel-like gaze of sympathy.
"Now, Mrs.  err  Harley," he commenced, now no longer daring to look me straight in the eye.  "Translate the old world motto on Burgoynes Star Badge, representative of the Worcestershire Division of the 29th of Foot, a Light Infantry Cavalry, which Burgoyne was instrumental in creating."
What the? Talk about trick questions! Where was the Wizard of Oz when I needed him? Man. Something that closely resembled a lead bowling ball landed with a sickening thud in the pit of my stomach. My throat went dry and my mind went stone blank. This was the end. Curtains. My bastard ex and his dastardly crew had me lock, stock and Revolutionary gun barrel.
"Could you give me the original?" I whispered, my voice cracking. What good would it do me?  With my luck, it would be in Latin. I took Latin for one week in high school, and that was only because the best-looking guy in school was in that class. I was thrown out for passing him a note that said Wanna fornicato? Talk about being put to shame. I could feel the cold sweat oozing out my sides. This was light years from my finest hour.
"Yes, may I hear the original?" I repeated, dejectedly.
Colin looked at Mike, who nodded again. That was a good thing, because if Bonnie could get by saying Burgoyne was in charge of outdoor toilets, I could at least waste a few moments pondering a seriously dead language.
"Honi Soit Qui Mal Y Pense," he replied.
I swallowed hard and looked at Jo. She shrugged, a sorry look on her face.
Okay, think, Harley, think.
It didnt exactly sound Latin. One thing for sure, Mr. Mister never sang it. I timidly asked Colin to repeat it, and I could see the bastard exs face light up with unmitigated joy. A few of the partners were closing up their briefcases, assuming a done deal. The dickhead in front even stopped the little egg timer on his desk. No kidding. I was more than cooked.
Colin said it again. Honi Soit Qui Mal Y Pense. Colin put a bit more effort into it this time. He sounded like a guy at a caf table in Paris sending back a lousy triple latte. French? Could it be French? The only words I could then guess at in that lineup were Qui for who and Mal for really bad. Indeed, this was really bad. Really bad for me.
Oh, why did I ever go to that stupid meeting at the Opera House? If I had stayed home, I never would have challenged Birdbrain Bonnie to this useless duel of wits. Now, I would have to go home in shame. Dan Hayward was right when he told me to stop thinking evil of everyone else. I had failed wretchedly, and by this time tomorrow, all of Newmont would know. They would announce another public gathering at the Opera House. Everyone in town would be there staring at a power point presentation of me screwing up, and they would rock with laughter until every last piece of pretty gold molding resonated off the stage proscenium in miserable, mocking little chunks.
Who.bad. no, evilSuddenly, a resounding chill ran up my spine. Yes, evil! That crazy thing Dan Hayward said at the Opera House  what was it? His buddy, Bob, passed it off as lines from a new show Dan had been toying with. Jo suspected it was Shakespeare. But it wasnt Shakespeare. It sounded similar to an old world motto. No  it wasnt similar to an old world motto  it was an old world motto!
Without being the least bit aware of my actions, I sprung up out of my chair and glared at my rivals square in their beady, little eyes.
"Shame be to him who evil thinks!" I exclaimed, rubbing my hands with glee. Mike and Marla appeared relieved, and I even think I saw steadfast Colin crack the tiniest hint of a smile.
I was right! My opponents were positively writhing. Pop, pop, pop  one by one the briefcases opened up again, and the egg timer made a command second appearance. The night, as well as my reputation, was far from over. Get out the gleaming gold pens once more, fellows. As my idol Bette Davis once noted, its going to be a bumpy night!
"Dan Hayward isnt in some out-of-town Shakespeare production. No, hes starring nightly as Gentleman Johnny Burgoyne at Philip McGregors farm," I practically shouted. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mike Granter stand and go pale.
"What is this?" Mike asked in the direction of my bastard ex and his band of dirty dealing in-laws.
"That woman is nuts," accused old man Bonner, waving a shaky finger in my direction. "Why would we go to the bother of arranging such an outlandish stunt? My daughters book is good enough to sell millions of copies without some spirit from the beyond promoting it. No, Mr. Granter. Harley here is the crazy one."
"Your daughters book?" I spewed."You mean the one she stole from me? The one your receptionist Tina did most of the rewriting for?"
Tina did us the favor of gulping.
"There are some serious allegations here," Mike stated calmly. "And, if pushed, I intend to look into them."
Even though the room was cooler than a colony of cucumbers, Bonnies father mopped his drenched, balding head with a handkerchief. Then he glanced knowingly at the others in his party and stood.
"If Marla, Colin, and Mike would allow us to confer privately for a moment"
Ah, so it was negotiation time. Jo nudged me. She had a true comptrollers brain. No need to worry. I was in good hands, despite the rather nerve-wracking fact we were somewhat ninth inning, score tied, and facing five lawyers to none.
Colin packed up his books and left the room with the others. There was a long pause where each side stared the other down. Then my bastard ex spoke.
"Look, Harley, we need to discuss this like mature adults. Theres no sense getting uptight over minor details."
"Oh, really?" I scoffed. "Well, we can start with the not-so-minor detail that you lied to get a   hasty divorce  a divorce I agreed to, completely in the dark about you two slime-balling each other for at least two years, and not the few short months you falsely admitted to."
"How time flies when youre breaking the law," chimed in Jo, sotto voce.
"In that divorce decree, you granted me reasonable time to write my book," I went on. "Then you turned around and gave my storyline to her. I can prove it."
"I dont see how," my bastard ex retorted.
"In an anniversary card  one you gave me before you two started sneaking around behind my back  you penned a wish hoping that would be the year my book came to life for me. You cited names of my characters and mentioned a bit of the plot. Oh, and yes, by golly, you dated it. I have the card locked away in a very safe place. We can look it over together at my lawyers office at any time. Just name it."
There followed a deadly silence. Of course, I was chock full of crap. No such card was in my possession. I just knew the bastard ex wouldnt remember any specific mush he had written to me over the years. It was merely an imaginary trump card up my sleeve, and I was going to play it for all it was worth.
"Whos your lawyer?" he asked slowly.
Ah, the good ol try to make me squirm tactic. Well, it wasnt going to work, buddy boy. I was proud of myself. Why, even my confident smile never so much as faltered on my face.
"My lawyer? Who is he? Well, you know the great-looking guy on the Charlesboro Road billboard  the one promising hes faster than a speeding ambulance, more powerful than a locomotive full of loopholes, and, can successfully numb the nuts off any shit-heel opponent, in a single round?"
I deliberately paused, delighting in the pure shock registering across their dumb, bloodless faces. It was oh-so delightful.
"Him," I concluded, sweet as could be.
My bastard ex rolled his eyes and looked at his father-in-law. Old man Bonner was in a real sweat. You could unmistakably see the blood pressure rising behind his eyes. He was the mirror image of Elmer Fudd when Bugs Bunny pulls the wool over Elmer's fat head for the gazillionth time. The legal partners were suddenly coughing and making a jolly sport out of studying the polished tips of their shoes. Bonnies mother was rapidly fanning her fingers in front of her eyes. This meant she was either just crowned Miss Congealed Fat, or was struggling with one hell of a hot flash. As for Bonnie, she appeared blatantly confused  which was nothing new. Why, Id bet Bonnie easily looked confused in her sleep.
"All right, what is it you want?" Bonnies father asked, the furrows in his forehead deepening with every word.
"What are you offering?" replied Jo, real smooth.
The bastard ex sighed. "Two percent of Bonnies take of the book sales."
Jo chortled like a crazed gangster in a B-rated movie. "Forty."
Wow. Jo aimed high. Good for her. No, good for us.
"Forty?" my evil ex father-in-law exclaimed with a studied sneer. "Absolutely not! Ten."
Now ten was obviously better than two, but nowhere near what it was going to take to maintain the lifestyle I was happily about to become accustomed to. Jo looked at me. I shook my head. Hey, it felt great being in the drivers seat. I only wished we could run them all over, back up, and blissfully do it again.
"Twenty five," returned Jo.
"Fifteen and not a fraction of a percent more," breathed my bastard ex. "And for that fifteen, youre going to vow in writing never to speak a word of this."
"Is that fifteen percent of all book, paperback, electronic transmissions, CD/ROM audios, foreign translations, film, television, stage and marketing rights, to be continued regardless of contract revision or buy-out?" questioned Jo.
I slowly turned my head and stared at her, wondering what part of her miraculous brain this mumbo-jumbo sprang from. Jo merely shot me back a truly wonderful shit-eating grin.
The legal beagles regarded one another with ominous, eyebrows cocked, how much is this entire mess going to cost us looks. A scurried shuffling of top leather shoes, and they conversed via telepathy again. I could hear the clock whirl on the wall above our heads. Yes, it was our turn to play egg timer. We waited patiently for that one, little telltale nod.
Then it came.
"Sure," muttered my bastard ex.
"Make it twenty and Ill sign," I said, beaming sardonically at their sodden, lily- white faces.   "Think of it as a standard gratuity befitting large parties."
"Ill draw up the paperwork in the morning," my bastard ex relented. He sounded as though he were choking on a whopper chunk of twice-fried crow. "You can bring it to your cutthroat attorney to review. Hopefully Mr. Billboard Star can squeeze you in between overturning the Constitution and suing McDonalds because the fries arent really French. Try to have it back no later than next Friday."
"As long as you dont foolishly include old world mottoes that require translation, I imagine we can come to terms by then," I replied evenly.
My bastard ex grabbed me roughly by the elbow and started walking us towards the hall.
"Youre going to do your part to make my wifes book happen, Harley - and dont think for a minute I wont be watching."
I looked at him for a brief moment in time  really looked at him  trying my damnedest to remember something  anything  tender or touching he had actually written in a card to me over the years. Absolutely nothing came to mind. That was a tremendously sad feeling. Well, for a tremendously brief moment, anyway.
"Of course Ill do what I can to make sure our book sells. After all, its in my best interest - all   twenty percent of it."
Jo and I saluted each other with a high-five as we headed out the door.



CHAPTER NINE


Before the specter of General John Burgoyne made its rather shady appearance, it might have easily been said that Newmonts old shopping district was more the bona fide ghost town than McGregors farm could ever be.
Back in the late fifties, and into the early sixties, Newmonts vibrant downtown attracted shoppers and diners from all over the Connecticut River Valley. The stores were indescribably beautiful. I can still recall, as a very young girl, how the Deco floor tiles, deep cherry walls, and gleaming display cases had the power to fascinate. On Friday nights, Newmonts downtown was so bustling that traffic officers had to be put into place, even though the entire district was only a couple of blocks in length.
That was when the mill businesses were running full tilt. With the collapse of Newmonts people-powered industries, so went the fabled downtown district. For decades following, the gothic facades and desolate, dust-choked storefronts on Tremont Street and the Square were just silent reminders of glory days gone by. True, a few small businesses clawed their way back, partitioning off the once great emporiums into smaller retail stores, antique markets, cafs and coffee shops. However, for the most part, the sidewalks were empty, and the hustle and bustle merely taunting whispers of a past nearly forgotten.
Nearly, that is, until the ghost of Gentleman Johnny Burgoyne blew into town.
Within two weeks of the Opera House gathering, enthusiastic entrepreneurs scooped up over half the vacant retail spaces. Daily, the local papers boasted of new professional offices, restaurants, and boutiques bursting onto the scene. Our good friend Gina proposed one such aspiring business.
As Gina Gilbert has always been heralded as Newmonts costume lady, she figured it was time to put her name and her talents up in shiny gold letters over a storefront in the Square. Sure, she'd keep her day job, having a graduate student run the store until three. The costume shop was to be named Masquerade.
Jo and I visited Gina during an afternoon remodeling session at her possible new place of business.  She had found a wonderful spot near the old Monson Hotel. It had been an art gallery. The high burgundy-tinted walls and the gleaming white tin ceilings were bound to show off her costume collection to a tee. All Gina had to do now was agree on a few necessary upgrades with her landlords carpenter  a lanky and rather serious guy, probably about fifty, who arrived moments after we did, and was noticeably not thrilled at the notion of having three womens opinions to deal with instead of just one.
Gina stepped forward and introduced herself as the potential tenant, hoping one and all would get along nicely, etcetera, etcetera, while warmly putting out her hand with a big, bubbly smile.
Her opponent did not offer even so much as a glimmer of a smile, nor extend his hand in return, mentioning his name as John J. Rowan. Yes, the middle initial was prominently pronounced. Jo and I were introduced. He glimpsed at us with a very slight nod. Either that, or John J. experienced a sudden tick in his head. Regardless, we werent worth addressing. So we hung back, speechless, and began chewing self-consciously on our coffee lids.
"Well, John err  J  err  Mr. Rowan, I have some wonderful ideas for this beautiful old place.  First, I was wondering about moving this light fixture back a bit," said Gina, nervously pushing her    bangs out of her eyes.
"Why?" was the information-packed response.
"Its not centered," Gina replied, her grin fading as fast as her courage.
"This is a twelve-foot section of a thirty-eight-foot floor plan. Before that wall was put up, your light fixture was centered."
"So, is it possible to move it?"
"Is it possible you missed what I just said?"
"Are you sure, Mr. Rowan?"
"Are you asking me to cut through that tin ceiling?" he returned, his face set on 'if looks could kill' mode.
We all looked up because, frankly, how many times can a question be answered with a question?
There was an uncomfortable pause. We could hear the rhythm of Jos teeth squeaking against Styrofoam. I rolled my eyes at her. She stopped.
"I suppose not," Gina finally said, shrugging, her dreams of cozy, symmetrical lighting snuffed forever.
"I didnt think so," John J. remarked haughtily. Geez, those eyes of his were nice looking, but as for the attitude, no thanks.
"Maybe you could use lamps as a lighting effect," I ventured.
"Lamps?" he threw back, those eyes I briefly admired narrowing out of sight and out of my mind.  What? Did he think Id be suggesting the kind that concealed five-thousand-year dormant genies in them?
"Standing and table lamps placed in design tableaux," I returned, defensively.
"Why?"
"Okay, wall sconces," I mumbled.
"Better," he admitted. Whew, one lousy little point for our side.
"Okay, let's put aside the lighting for a moment," Gina sighed. "I was thinking of having dressing rooms back there."
"Why?"
"Its a costume shop. Patrons will have to try things on."
Carpenter-slash-bulldog John J. shook his head.
"Egress," he ordained, "and storage. Did Mr. Owen say you could use the basement?"
"Yes, but the stairs -"
"Are rickety."
"I noticed. Perhaps"
"Dont expect those changed anytime soon."
"But what about"
"The public is not allowed down there."
"Of course. That only makes sense. Now the dressing rooms -"
"Should go here," he answered flatly, pointing midway down the long wall with the butt end of a very dangerous-looking hammer.
Gina frowned. "But I was hoping"
"Is your office going to be up front?"
"I was thinking of back there."
"Why?"
"So people wouldnt have to look at my clutter?" jested Gina in one last desperate attempt to sound cheerful.
"Up front is the only place to consider."
"I see, Gina sighed. "Now the display windows -"
"What about them?"
"Id like to light my costumes, but the outlets look ancient."
"Thats because they are ancient."
"Can we change them?"
"Why?"
"If my costumes were lit at night, it would attract more business."
"What would that matter when your store is closed?"
"Well, maybe we could run an extension cord," offered Jo.
"Why?"
I thought only pissant, annoying five-year-olds asked why all the time.
"Look, Mr. Rowan," I sighed, stepping forward. "Maybe you should just tell us how Gina can set up shop here with enough outlets and lighting to work and see by. And as long as the dressing rooms arent out in the middle of the Square, I imagine things will come together rather nicely. And if they cant, Gina can always explain to this landlord why she went with another rental property instead."
Surprisingly, straightforward, non-hysterical, no blank look, nix the empty-headed blonde banter seemed to work miracles. John J. Rowan turned on the professional charm and gave Gina a simple, low-cost list of how to get her store open safely, well lit, and on time. Hey, for all we gals knew, this was a relatively nice guy with a Nazi for a wife.
When all was settled and done, we decided to take a stroll about the Square and size up the competition. There was a new vintage attire store, but this was no threat to Gina. The clothing was classic golden age of Hollywood, and far too pricey for simple costume wear. In the display window, a spindly mannequin was arrayed with a sleek satin gown, topped off with an enormous feather boa. It reminded me at once of Bette Davis as Mildred in Of Human Bondage.
I have always adored Bette Davis. If I had my way, Id live the rest of my life like a Bette Davis movie. Why, I could see myself now, in that very outfit, spouting off to the bastard ex  la waitress Mildred: "You cad! You swine! I never cared for you  not once! I was always making a fool of ya! You bored me stiff. It made me sick when I had to let you kiss me. And after you kissed me, I always used to wipe my mouth. Wipe my mouth!"
"What the heck are you doing?" I heard Jos voice break through the hazy stage show whirling through my mind.
"Huh?" I mumbled stupidly.
"Harley, first you were just standing there, batting your eyelashes, and leaning over one hip like you were modeling cheap lingerie. Then you started mouthing something strange. You were the perfect floozy trying to explain to a traffic officer how you innocently took out six parking meters and a light pole. Last, but not least, you were swinging your fingers in a circle and glowering as though you thought we were crazy!"
"Actually, I took you for someone who was having a real tough time ordering Schezuan," offered Gina, thinking carefully.
Jo put her hands on her hips and gave me a blank stare. "What gives?"
"What a dump!" I exclaimed in true Bette fashion. I could see Jo and Gina glancing at each other with puzzled faces as we moved on.
We discovered a newly arrived pottery studio, an organic health food co-op, and a handcrafted toy store. Now those were impressive. However, there were a few kooky businesses cropping up as well.  One place with twinkly little lights and strange colored fabrics dangling off spray-painted gold tree limbs was aptly called Pagan Gifts. Another, with darkened glass and creepy vines strewn all about, sported a large bottle creaking over the doorway with Vampiras Wines painted on it. Hmm, by the looks of things, it seemed more than apparent that having a long-dead British general floating around Newmont presented its pluses and its minuses.
We also now had a few more coffee shops than we needed. There had been two in town before the entire hullabaloo, and both were great. At present, we had been blessed with three more  one of which was called Spiritual Mist, complete with an advertised tea leaf reader named Kashmir.
The three of us stood dumbfounded before the display window of Spiritual Mist. Beyond the glass, and beneath several rows of tacky Christmas tree tinsel, a fog machine wrapped in purple satin rhythmically emitted steady puffs of steam. Sitting godlike above a shiny pink guitar was a vintage poster of Jimi Hendrix. We could hear Purple Haze blaring over a badly hidden speaker. It was all too bizarre for words.
"Oh, lets go in!" squealed Jo. "I havent had my tea leaves read since I was eight years old. Cmon, gals. My treat!"
Gina and I were rather dubious. On my part, I had only heard my fortune told once. It was at a Christmas party, years ago. I was too loaded to remember much, but I think the hired 'psychic'  who Im pretty sure worked as a cashier at the Exxon station during the day  told me Id have a happy marriage and two daughters. Yah, right.
Jo ushered us in. We opened the door, which set off a melodic series of chimes. How theatrical.  We were instantly hit with a heavy waft of cheap incense. It was unbelievably dark inside. The walls and ceilings were painted black, and there were no lights. Instead, candles were lit everywhere; which  if common sense proved worthy, was an extreme fire hazard. Either that or this was another John J. Rowan maintained building with a minimal supply of ancient outlets.
"Come in," we heard a strange voice say  the kind of voice youd hear in a crowd scene crammed full of freaky foreigners in a hokey late-night Dracula movie. "Come in ant know your fu-ture."
It was kind of crazy with the incense, the chimes, the candles, and the screwy Transylvanian accent  not to mention the scuse me while I kiss the sky, droning in our ears. Gina and I couldnt help but giggle.
"Shhh," the mysterious voice from the shadows droned on. "Za speerits doan take ki-hindly to disbelieevers."
A woman stepped out from behind a noisy, garish curtain of beads. She was small, somewhat hunchbacked, and attired like a shoddy carnival gypsy. Her head was bowed in much the same way as her back, and wrapped in a crumpled red kerchief. Gina and I giggled again. Jo looked at us, warningly.
"I have to go to the bathroom," Gina whispered.
"In-za beck," our spiritual guide advised, doing her best Bela Lugosi. "Be sure to hold za handle down. Eets very pear-sneak-ety."
I surveyed the products for sale while this phony known as Kashmir went over options and rates with Jo. There were a variety of books on tasseography, which I assumed to be the art of tea leaf reading  either that or how to properly wear tassels while dancing at the Naked-A-Go-Go. There were unusual packages of tea along with the typical array of stupid tee shirts  or in this case, labeled as tea shirts, such as: Im an A Cup and I like my men like I like my tea - strong, sweet and southern. I wondered at once if Ava Jane would agree.
"Za readink, includink za tea, vill be twenty dollars pear pear-son. I doan ta-hake chahecks or cradeet cards. Tippink is huptional," recited Kashmir, and I practically choked.
Jo forked over sixty bucks. The psychedelic music faded as an eerie suspense film soundtrack started to pulse over the shabby speakers. It reminded me of Planet of the Apes. How fitting, considering we were monkey's uncles for dishing over this kind of dough for everyday Lipton ripped right out of the stingy, little bags, and a random I see a stranger in your future.
Then suddenly, from beyond, a toilet flushed. Gina emerged, and now Jo and I couldnt help laughing. Kashmir glared at us through theatrically made-up eyes. We turned our giggles into coughs, hoping to excuse our bad behavior under the guise of imminent tuberculosis. Kashmir was not particularly impressed with our acting skills.
Next, our Romanian rip-off queen went into the back room and returned carrying a tray with three large, white teacup and saucer sets on it. She placed the tray on the center of the table and told us to 'peeck' the cup of our choice.
Luckily, there was no childish squabbling. Kashmir then placed the three large saucers before us, sprinkling some nasty smelling loose tea on each one, while garbling some nonsense that was either some form of Ukrainian voodoo or a Beatles song backwards. Next, she instructed us to swirl the tea around with our fingertips while she went to get a teapot. Gina created something that resembled a rotary, while Jo was constructing one hell of a topographical map of Switzerland. My efforts could easily pass for an ant colony after rocket missile attack.
"Now, weesh for somethink im-por-tant, ant toss your tea leafs into za pot," our gyp of a gypsy  instructed us. We all paused. Hmm, something im-por-tant. What could that be? A sudden inheritance?  A wonderfully romantic man? Nah. How about my decrepit excuse for an oil furnace making it through another five winters?
"Speerits gather round thees room," Kashmir murmured, fluttering her arms over the teapot as though she were waving away tsetse flies. "Preedict a future vitout gloom"
Gina burst into giggles once again, and I nearly wet my pants. This was really way out there.
When the vapor of steam trailed away, Kashmir informed us to each pour some tea into our cups.  Then she performed the same wavering motion while reciting a similar incantation. I could have sworn she murmured Paul is dead. Ginas face was bright red from trying to choke back her laughter. Jo was wide-eyed, enjoying the showmanship. As for me, I was merely praying we didnt have to drink the putrid stuff.
"Now dreenk your tea slowly, do-hink your best nut to svallow za leafes. And vhile you sip eet, clear your mindt ant theenk of an im-por-tant qveshtion for za speerits," we were advised.
Terrific. I held my breath and drained what I had to. It was positively revolting. In a side-by-side taste test, swamp water would be succulent. Our counterfeit tea swindler was most likely serving us old pencil shavings.
Taking Ginas teacup, our 'spiritual guide' held it up and swirled it three times clockwise. Then she covered it with her right hand and swirled the cup a few more time before peering into the clumpy mess  and setting it back in front of Gina.
"Circles," Kashmir murmured, her black, hairy eyebrows looming like large caterpillars on her greasy little face. "Thees iz goot. Eet means success in your bus-i-ness."
"No kidding?" Gina gushed. "Why, Im about to open one directly across the street."
"Really?" returned Kashmir, her bushy brows quivering with sudden distress. "Vell, as longk as eet eesnt a tealeaf readink bus-i-ness, za speerits are pos-ee-teeve you are goink to do vonderfully."
"Thats good," said Gina.
"Oh, no. Pleeze vait," murmured Kashmir. "Der iz za shape of a mouse on za bottom of your cup.  Thees means someone iz goink to steal your bus-i-ness idea."
"Dont look at me," Jo jumped in. I also rapidly assured Gina I had no plans to open a rival costume shop three doors down.
"Za speerits never lie," our guide grumbled as she took Jos cup and swirled and twirled it as before. Then she frowned deeply.
"What is it?" gasped Jo, alarmed.
"Your friend gut circles. Circles are goot. You gut Squvares. Squvares mean za need for caution.  You must be-vare of a henemy near-a-by. See za snake here curlink arount za rim of your cup? That iz vhat thees means. And see thees finger pointink down? You are in des-per-eet neet of direction. Juz be very, very veary of za snake. She iz no goot."
The only snake I could clearly see near-a-by was our tea leaf reader. I sighed and stared at the ceiling with its peeling black paint. This music was weird. Why wouldnt a shyster named Kashmir play Led Zeppelin instead? Hmm, if only there were a suggestion box, Id put that in. But then again, a psychic shouldnt need a suggestion box, right? They'd automatically know. Smirking, I took my eyes off the ceiling, only to find Kashmirs bloodshot orbs glaring full guns in my direction.
"You, my friend, seem to be a disbeleever. Iz thees so?"
I gulped, due to embarrassment, as well as a dry lump of godawful tea that got trapped in my throat.
"Im not sure."
Kashmir swirled my cup and placed it with a loud clatter before me, waving her arms about like she was summoning ugly, dead things up through the floor. Her pits smelled worse than six-year-old sneakers. I wanted to gag.
"Den beleeve in thees. Der iz za letter D ant za num-ber tree. You vill meet a stranger whose name starts vith D vithin tree months. You vill marry heem ant be mother to heez two daughters."
Oh, not this hopeless twaddle again! This was the same deranged bull-crap that phony gas station psychic slung all those years ago at that stupid Christmas party.
Jo tipped her. I could have strangled her. We walked out into the sunlight. I could still smell the stinking incense on my clothes.
"So, what did you think?" asked Jo.
"I hope she wasnt right about someone trying to steal my business," Gina frowned.
"I also hope she wasnt right about someone trying to betray me," added Jo.
"Judas Priest!" I fumed. "For sixty, seventy bucks, you should have heard something happier and more positive than what you did. Beware of mice and snakes. Shit! If you were a giggling teenager, Gina, would she have told you someone was going to steal your business? No! Your boyfriend, maybe, but not your business. What a bore!"
"Hey, why are you complaining?" started Jo. "At least youre getting a new husband within the next few months whose name starts with D. And unless that means you're the snake with a plan to steal  Drew, I consider that something very happy and positive."
"Vhy am I complainink?" I shot back, doing my best Transylvanian tramp impression. "You mean Im goink to get a new husband vithin the next few months, you are pos-ee-teeve?" I snickered. "Oh, please, Jo. Ive heard that before. That sort of delusional drivel never comes true."
"Well, it was fun anyway," admitted Jo. "As for now, I think we should all head home. Remember, the Britains Best Hauntings team arrives in a few days, and weve got to be ready to meet them head on, right?"
"Right!" We replied, cheering. Then I walked all the way to my car wondering if I knew any guy halfway sexy who was single with a first name starting with D. Or was it a last name? The phony crony didnt say. Man, the whole thing was downright stupid! Unless, of course, the D meant Doctor somebody. Hmm, now there was something worthwhile to ponder.



CHAPTER TEN


There's a beautiful bed and breakfast in town known as Waites Manor. It was built in 1905 by a shoe factory proprietor, but named for a later occupant, a historian, who went on to compile a several hundred-page history of Newmont. Darlene Albright has owned and managed the inn for nearly twenty years, and has overseen many an interesting event there. However, no occasion has garnered as much attention as her current guest roster, which happened to be made up of the entire cast and crew of Britains Best Hauntings.
From the moment they arrived, the hit paranormal series staff made headlines across five New England states. Elana Kentfield and her husband Ted are responsible for creating this phenomenal success, which began with one video camera and a crew of three. Once they added renowned medium Tarquin Rowley to the lineup, fame was destined to strike. Gals from all over the globe began tuning in, for the sole reason that Tarquin is something of a  pardon the pun  free-spirited Fabio of the nineties double, who sounds remarkably like Hugh Grant. Now theres something for nearly every female fan! As of this season, twenty-five people made up the Best Hauntings team  twenty-five very different people, all residing under Darlene Albrights impressive gabled roof.
"Theyre okay, I suppose," Darlene confessed to me over the phone two days after they arrived.  "Elana Kentfield showed up with sunglasses on, even though it was well after seven in the evening.  Claimed she had a vexing migraine."
"More likely an inflamed ego," I interjected.
"Very likely. Her husband Ted, however, is the larger half of a bitter pill. He despised their room.  Put a big-time scowl on his face and whined about it being ash trash. Now whats that supposed to mean?"
I thought for a moment. "Does it smell of fireplace? Or, maybe the room is too Laura Ashley? Im not sure. Where did you put them?"
Darlene groaned. "The Laura Ashley Room. Do you imagine thats it? Oh, youre right, Harley.  Some men dont publicly go for flounce. Maybe theyre afraid that if they admit it, other flounce-loving men will spring out of the closet and start staring at their butts. I dont know."
"Tell me," I asked, "Im dying to know. Is Elana Kentfield a true blonde? She looks so JK Rowling on the show."
"Hell no," Darlene chortled. "Elana's roots strongly resemble a test track of new pavement. As I mentioned, she was more than a bit 'back off' icy when she first arrived, but once a few cocktails slide down her pipes, Elana Kentfield turns all smuggy-huggy. Lets do tea, darling! You know, the showbiz type. Definite dual personality. But when I put out a positively gorgeous tea yesterday afternoon, nobody touched it. Instead, they all sat around my beautiful patio, chugging Red Bull and tossing the cans into the bushes. Animals."
"Youre kidding!"
"Wish I were. Theres one camera guy  cant think of his name  hes rather delightful, and very interested in the history of my inn. The rest of the guys only want to know where to get drunk and pick up women. One of the lighting crew said he heard American women were a lot like Burger King  cheap, fast, and easy."
"Ohh. Well, no problem, Darlene. Set them up one night with the kind of women who buy Twinkies by the pallet load at Wal-Mart, and they wont dare ask again," I replied.
"Regardless of the good publicity, and the well-needed money, I just want this ordeal over with," Darlene admitted with a tragic sigh. "Their stuff is strewn everywhere. Theyre carrying more electronics than Overstock dot com. Theyve got night vision cameras, and gadgets for monitoring static electric and magnetic fields. Im constantly tripping over motion detectors, recorders, and temperature-sensing devices. Theyve got compasses, Geiger counters and a thing called an ion detector, which one of their snotty assistants informs me they cant use because Burgoynes cave  probably has mold. Well, duh!"
"Where did they think theyd be filming? In a Borax factory?"
"Regardless, I feel its ridiculous that these people need three tons of future scrap metal to catch a stinking little orb. Heck, I see orbs in this house all the time; sometimes even before happy hour! And its not just the equipment, Harley. Theyve dragged enough baggage along to build a bridge from here back to Heathrow. Yet, they dress like street people, except maybe Ted, who wants his sheets changed twice a day, and an air purifier set up in the breakfast room so he doesnt have to smell the trans fats on the croissants. Oh, but this is a real stitch. This morning, at breakfast, I asked Elana if she sensed my inn was haunted  only because I have always suspected it was  and do you know what she said to me? Not even hell is haunted while Im eating. Can you believe that?"
"Charming."
"They demand the best water, the best food. Their meet and greet is being catered by some Belgian head-swell in Rye, New Hampshire. I mean, cmon, Rye? If they wanted to go for sheer distance, why not hire someone from Quebec, or Siberia?"
"Why so far away?" I asked.
"I dont know. I guess this Bernard Vandeloc is the guru of designer finger food. You should hear the way he talks. Yeesh! If his food is anything like his accent, then its utterly deplorable."
Really bad accent? Hmm. Maybe its his mother interpreting pencil shavings over at Spiritual Mist.
"Oh, Darlene, you havent said a word about our famous medium, Tarquin Rowley. Whats he like?  Is he as handsome as he looks on TV? Is he tall? He seems nicely tall," I breathed.
"I havent seen him yet," Darlene answered flatly.
"What?"
"Nope. The illustrious Tarquin Rowley isnt here yet. From what I understand, he rented his own car at Boston Logan Airport, and is, at this moment, hopelessly lost."
"Some psychic."
"Youve got it, pal," laughed Darlene. "Oh, well, at any rate, youll see him for yourself when you come to the meet and greet tomorrow tonight. Now, if you want to catch his attention, be sure to wear something low-cut. Ive watched him on that show. Tarquin Rowley never looks any woman straight in the eye. I imagine its because for him, all women communicate through their cleavage. Just remember that, Harley."
I thanked Darlene and hung up, just as the a-ha! bulb popped on in my head. Then I phoned Jo and jumped in the car to pick her and Erin up. We had an important mission to fulfill.

Bonnies housekeeper Alma was rather surprised to see the three of us standing on the doorstep with  slap happy smiles on our faces.
"Oh, hello ladies," she began smugly, feather duster in hand. "I didnt know we were hosting another creative writing class in the garage this afternoon. Where does the time go?"
"Hello, Alma. I have but one important favor to ask," I remarked carefully. "Just one. And then Ill go away."
"In your own car, I hope. We're fresh out of loaners, here."
"Naturally," I grinned. "I take it the lord and lady of the manse are out administering to the sick, and spreading joy and wisdom throughout the land."
"Actually, Miss Bonnie dragged your ex to a flower show," explained Alma.
Wow, it must be love, I thought, or at least a major league case of lust. Strange, the potent little stab that gave me.
"So, if you dont mind," I continued aloud, "could you show us what Miss Bountiful Bonnie is wearing to the meet and greet tomorrow night at Waites Manor?"
"Id be pleased to model it for you, if only I were three feet taller and had no tits. No problem, ladies. Ill be right back."
"Did she say tits?" Erin exclaimed, doing her famous eye roll as Alma disappeared down the hall.
"Yes, Erin," her mother admitted freely.
Erin sighed. "Well, she should have said breasts. The proper word is breasts."
"I agree, dear," Jo replied. "However, in Bonnie Bonners case, the proper word would definitely be tits."
"Im not so sure Im in such a big hurry to grow up," confessed Erin, wearily.
"Dont be," Jo and I said together.
We waited in the entrance foyer. It reeked of perfumed raspberries. Some stupid little machine was emitting tiny puffs of manufactured fruity scent right next to my ear. I stepped aside, trying to brush it off with my hands. The sound of eighties-turned-country tunes wafted from cleverly hidden ceiling speakers. Jo started whistling. I nudged her in the ribs. 
We glanced around. We could see into the white carpeted, white furniture, white walled, white everything living room where photos of Bonnie were plastered everywhere. Yuck. To our right was a predominantly white dining room with a portrait of Bonnie in a white dress looking very serene  either that or doped to the hilt above the gleaming white fireplace. Double yuck. Totally Taj MahBon.
Alma promptly returned with a silky, long red dress with folds at the skirt and an intricate black beaded pattern that resembled a bouquet of orchids trailing from the knotted left shoulder.
"Randolph Duke," advised Alma.
"This dress belonged to a guy?" Jo gasped, her eyes wide.
"No, hes the designer," Alma explained levelly. "He used to work for Cassini."
Jo shrugged. For all she knew, and cared, Cassini was a joint in Las Vegas.
"But before you go thinking Miss Bonnie has a million dollar clothing budget, Ill let you in on a little secret," offered Alma. "Its rented."
"Really?" I gasped, quite pleased.
"Yup, she rented this online, figuring no one else would be wearing anything like it."
"Imagine anyone trying," I murmured as sly smiles spread across all our faces  well all except Erins. She was still mentally working out the tit thing.
Jo retrieved her cell phone. "Now, may I photograph this dress no one is going to have anything like at the meet and greet party tomorrow night at Waites Manor?"
"Of course," Alma smiled. "Be my guest. Only keep me out of it. Understood?"
"Understood," I breathed, while Jo snapped away. Then we thanked Alma and started off for Arabellas Closet on Tremont Street.

We caught Natalie just as she was closing up.
"Oh, I can come back tomorrow morning, Natalie," I sighed. "Its quite a project, really. You see, I'm strangely tempted to outshine our star novelist, Bonnie Bonner, at the Britains Best Hauntings meet and greet party tomorrow, and despite time being more than limited, I figured you were just the woman to make it happen."
A grin broke out on Natalies face the size of Texas.
"Cmon in, ladies," she said, turning her key to open the door. "Ever since Miss Fancy Pants told me she didnt need me, or my kind of store any longer, Ive been dreaming up ways to pay back the sentiment."
"I have these pictures of Bonnies dress right here," said Jo, producing her cell phone. "Bonnie believes no one else is going to have a get-up like it. Its a Duke of Randolph."
"Randolph Duke," Natalie corrected gently. "Ah, yes, and you ladies were looking for something close to it, if not better?"
"Not me," said Jo. "Thanks awfully, but Im wearing jeans."
"Not me, either," explained Erin. "My mother wont allow me to socialize with people who delve in the occult, or worse still, with actors."
"Guess that leaves me, Natalie, and I am definitely interested in making this Randolph Duke look like dirt," I said.
Natalie put a finger to her lips and contemplated our goals.
"Maybe we should do our best to copy it," she said after a moment. "Yes, think about it. Ill bet Miss Bonnie Scrawny Butt believes she has an original. Just imagine the look on her face when the entire room is seeing double."
"And youd look better in that dress any day, Harley," said Jo.
"Because you have breasts," added Erin proudly, and we all laughed.
We got right down to work. Natalie found a perfect long silk dress that was the proper shade of red. I tried it on, and it looked fabulous. The only dilemma was, Bonnies dress sloped from one shoulder, and this one had spaghetti straps.
"No problem there," assured Natalie, turning the lock on her door and switching the closed sign to face the street. She changed the music from calming classics to energizing retro pop, courtesy of none other than Pamela Perfects goofy husband, Herbie.
We went to the back room where Natalie kept a sewing machine. Like an iron, I had only used a sewing machine once in seventh grade Home Economics class. Natalie, however, was a pro seamstress. She removed the telltale cheaper label from the back of my dress and began altering it to drape from the left shoulder.
"Luckily, the shoulder is merely knotted. How nice of Randolph to make it simple for us. But this beaded array of orchids," Natalie muttered as she studied the photograph once again with a frown.  "How will we ever copy these?"
We all went searching about the store for anything that resembled shiny black flowers. Within a few minutes, we heard Erin holler, "I found them!"
Indeed, she had. They were on a beaded evening bag, and unbelievably close to the intended in design. Natalie pulled the bag apart and deftly sewed the floral appliqu onto the dress. She held it up. It was just as pretty, if not prettier, than the dress it was competing with.
"Yes, the room may be seeing double," Natalie observed, "but bad ol' Bonnie will definitely be seeing red."



CHAPTER ELEVEN


We arrived, as we laughingly deemed it, fashionably late.
Pausing in the drive that climbs to Waites Manor, Jo, Drew, and I looked up to see the immense house glowing against a velvet night sky. The lawn stretched out, drenched in diamond-like dewdrops, and the breathtaking banks of spring flowers shimmered under the moons milky rays. It was an absolutely perfect setting for a paranormal party. Who could ask for more?
We drove slowly through the congested lot, making note that Bonnie and the bastard ex had indeed gotten there before us. They were parked very close to the front door. There was a V.I.P. parking notice placed prominently on his dashboard. Judas, how Goliath could two egos get? I asked Drew to stop the car, and got a marker out of the glove box. Jo and Drew watched, puzzled, as I hopped out of their car and tried a security code on the driver side door of the BMW. It opened.
"How did you know it?" Jo whispered out the window.
"It used to be my birthday," I frowned. "I simply figured the new one was Boring Bonnies, and I was right."
"I know you and Bogus Bonnie were friends years ago, but Im amazed you can still remember her birthday after all thats happened," replied Drew.
"Its easy," I frowned. "Its April Fools Day."
Drew and Jo waited nervously as I lounged behind the steering wheel and scrawled a few words on the back of the V.I.P. notice. When I was done, I held it up for Drew and Jo to read. It now said Very Insignificant Peons. I laughed so hard, I nearly honked the horn. I put the note written side up on the dash as Jo waved and begged me to get back in their car.
There wasnt a space to be had anywhere near the main doors. The closest we could get was by the kitchen. As we got out, we saw Darlene coming down the stairs towards us, wringing her hands.
"Oh, Harley, Jo, Im so glad youre here," she moaned.
"Why?" I asked, taking her arm. "Whats wrong, Darlene?"
"Its that bombastic little Belgian. You know, that creepy, pompous windbag catering this party? Well, hes going utterly berserk in my kitchen, and I cant take another minute of it. You worked in a restaurant, Harley. Go in there and deal with him for me, please, before I blow whats left of my brains out."
I hesitated to remind Darlene that I was merely a bartender. Chefs get paid the big bucks to create eye-popping culinary delights. Bartenders have nothing to do with preparing food, unless you can call dumping Eagle snacks into a wooden bowl a Michelin three-star achievement. A bartenders sole purpose is to listen to, and pretend to sympathize with, dim-witted drunks in hopes of obtaining grossly exaggerated gratuities. Thats pretty much the extent of it.
Drew announced that hed be much better off staying out of the way, and headed for the front door and the party. We followed Darlene into her kitchen. Now, Jo and I have been guests in Darlenes kitchen several times. Weve enjoyed many a coffee klatch at the round oak table that warmly dominates the center of the room. Its always been a neat and orderly work place, with warm beaded wood walls, and rich with the scents of breads, cakes, and pies baking somewhere out of sight.  However, what met our eyes on this evening was nothing short of a gastronomical nightmare.
There were half a dozen extremely foreign twenty-somethings making a complete disaster of Darlenes prized kitchen. The air was thick with flour dust. Blenders growled and gushed over with foul-colored ingredients. Half-empty bottles of booze were lined up everywhere like bowling pins.
You couldnt see an inch of counter top beneath the scattered spices, greasy bottles of oil, and mangled scraps of meats and seafood. The sinks were dangerously near to overflowing, and an acres worth of produce was now piled precariously on chairs and table edges. There were more pots, pans and utensils in service than ever would have been needed for a royal wedding; and most, if not all, of those pots and pans were boiling and bubbling over. To top it all off, these alien kitchen aides were jabbering away in a tangle of dialects that closely resembled an old Godzilla movie before dubbing.
"Call immigration!" Jo shouted to Darlene over the awful music they were playing  some tinny, squalling racket that would have sounded better at a foreign film festival, or better yet, a Turkish bath.
At that very moment, a slender wisp of a man in his mid-thirties arrived, dressed in a shiny black tuxedo with even shinier shoes. He appeared ready to twirl out onto the floor and dance with the stars. His alabaster pale face had a terribly pinched look to it. Perhaps he had just been sniffing dead fish.
"There is no need to call the authorities," he began. He sounded like Hercule Poirot, but that may be only because I have no other slick, self-assured Belgian to compare him to. "I have all the mandatory paperwork at my office." 
"And where is that?" quipped Jo. "Oost-Vlaanderen?"
Oost-Vlaanderen? Darlene and I did a double take, but didnt bother to ask. Jo was from Westport, Connecticut. Kids like me, from Newmont, went to Old Orchard Beach, Maine for summer vacations if we were truly lucky. Families such as Jos obviously went to far-off places with cool names that closely resembled those of action-movie villains.
"Could you at least turn this miserable attempt at music down a few decibels?" I hollered.
One of the kitchen helpers apparently knew enough English to satisfy that simple request.
"Thank you," I sighed. "And now, a small question, if I may. Is this level of chaos necessary?"
"This is not chaos," the little man huffed at us. "This is culinary art nouveau."
"Excuse me, buddy," Jo broke in, "but this easily qualifies for federal disaster relief."
The little Belgian ruffled at being called buddy. Darlene stepped in and introduced us.
"Jo Bennett, Harley Straker, this is master chef Bernard Vandeloc."
Vandeloc glanced at us haughtily and bowed. We werent quite sure how to address a master ego from Belgium, so we bowed back. Behind us, one of the kitchen assistants whacked at a stack of scallions with a knife big enough to slash up a circus tent. It was quite the sobering moment.
"So, if this isnt a mess, what are we making here?" I questioned carefully.
Our arrogant gourmet summoned up all of his five-foot nothing, and took us on a quick tour of his muddled menu in progress.
"Over here, Phouc Huu is attempting to assemble my internationally renowned Mandarin Laced Duck Rice Paper Rolls. However, the oranges are far too mushy, the mint is outrageously flat, the Vietnamese rice paper has been affected by this intolerable humidity, and to top off a perfectly rotten endeavor, the duck is obviously not Mandarin!"
"How can you tell?" I asked, astonished.
"Mandarin duck has a graceful shape to it. Picture, if you will, a disciplined geisha. This fat-infested foul looks like it got shot down on the shores of Gitchiegoomie. Aidez-moi!"
Darlene, Jo, and I were speechless. We moved on.
"Next, we have Tatyana trying to recreate my to-die-for Ukrainian Leek Pies. But this inferior dairy butter insults me by burning, and your friend here," with this, Bernard indicated Darlene as though she were a freak in a circus side show, "This espece dimbecile who claims to run an upscale establishment, has dared to purchase everyday sour cream in place of the imported crme fraiche I so clearly specified in my contract rider, mon dieux!"
"What the hell is crme fraiche?" Darlene whispered nervously.
"Overpriced sour cream," Jo whispered back while Bernard kneaded the bridge of his nose as if to ward off an impending migraine.
"Sadly, these are the very least of my tragic woes," Bernard went on, sweeping us towards the pantry sink where a young man stood sobbing loudly over a simple colander of diced potatoes.  "Enrique, please try to control your emotions, as difficult as that may be. You see, ladies, Enrique is doing his utmost to make my celebrated Lentil Cakes with Spice Scented Skordalia shine. Enrique is painfully aware that my Lentil Cakes have been lauded in select food and wine magazines all over the known civilized world. However, these russets are ruinous! They are blemished! They are nowhere near au mieux de sa forme! Simply, they do not possess the criterion necessary to grace a Bernard Vandeloc plate!"
Must be some plates, I thought as we were led to the next station where a goofy young gal named Moon Shadow was experiencing great difficulty rolling smoked trout, raisins and jasmine rice into sherry-brined grape leaves. Beside her, a stocky guy with a terribly jumbled Latino name was trying to whip up some gunk Bernard called Gyoza Empanadas within a space barely large enough to house a Mexican Jumping Bean. The last kid, a long, lean whistler named Darpak, was the only one not in crisis mode, as he danced in place at the slop sink while doing dishes, utterly oblivious to the bedlam around him, with his headset throbbing on his ears.
Master Chef Bernard threw his hands up in the air.
"What am I to do?" he despaired quite dramatically. "There are eighty people out there. Eighty  critics who will tear my fine name to gaping, painful shreds tomorrow morning if my haute cuisine is not  tout casser."
Before we knew what was happening, Jo grabbed an apron from the wall hook and took command. 
"Okay, you there  uh, leaping and hoppin Moon Shadow. Let me guess. One or more of your parents were heavily medicated in the seventies?" Jo surmised as the girl merely nodded back in an empty-headed way. "You cant roll slimy grape leaves wearing those hazardous material grade gloves.  Now, I know this is an entirely new concept to young people like you, and may come as quite a shock, but human hands have prepared food for thousands of years without entire populations being decimated by disease. Therefore, young lady, I want you to go over there to that sink and wash your hands good and proper."
"But I might scare Darpak," the young girl ventured, her blank eyes as wide as saucers. "Hes really jumpy around people."
Jo went over to the tall Indian boy and tugged a speaker off his ear.
"Earth to Drypak; earth to Drypak," she hollered. We corrected her. "Okay, Darpak. Boogie over a bit while this young lady washes her hands."
Darpak didnt seem the least bit perturbed as he bopped out of the way, drying a platter to the lively beat going on in his other ear.
"Now, Tatyana, where are you? Ah, there you are, cowering behind the coconut cream. Hey, dont you know the first thing about keeping butter from burning?"
Tatyana shook her head.
"Does anyone in this room know how to keep butter from burning?" queried Jo, her arms spread wide.
Everyone stood silent, still and expectant  everyone, that is, except dancing Darpak, who obviously did not hear the question. By the noise emanating from his earphones, it would be a marvel if he heard a five-alarm fire bell.
"Put a little olive oil in the pan. Geesh! Didnt any of you take Consumer Science in school?"
"I took botany," volunteered Moon Shadow, weakly waving her hand.
"Yes, I can only imagine what was being grown in your house as a child," declared Jo. "Okay, team, heres what I want you to do. There are eighty drunk people out there dying for grub. Moon Shadow, your hands are clean, so go roll those grape leaves; only try for a bit leaner and tighter, okay? A few of your previous efforts could pass for Vito Corleone's cigars. Tatyana, since were no longer fussing and fuming over burnt butter, lets get back to the leeks. Now, allow me to assure you that no one is going to go screaming out the door because theres sour cream instead of crme fraiche in the patties. Get serious, Bernard. And you there - Empanada man - work over here on this clean surface. I think youll find the elbow room refreshing."
"I cant finish these," he muttered dejectedly. "The tomatoes are too green."
"Then use ketchup," Jo suggested, as Bernard staggered and grabbed an edge of the kitchen table for instant life support.
"It has come to ketchup?" Bernard groaned, completing the high hysterics by clutching at his face with his overly buffed and polished nails.
"Sure," Jo shrugged. "Do you think these guests are gonna know the difference? Theyre getting schnockered out there waiting for something  anything  to gnaw on. You could serve them melted doorknobs topped with ground glass on the butt end of an old boot right now, and theyd cheer with joy."
"Don't give Mr. Creative Cuisine here any more stupidly bad ideas, Jo," whispered Darlene.
Bernard rolled his beady eyes towards the ceiling and bantered to God in broken French, while Jo went over to Enrique. She put her arm around his shoulders and tried to comfort him.
"There, there, stop crying, Enrique. All the sentimental slop in the world wont make these russets any younger. So, tell me, what the hell is Skordalia?"
Enrique looked up at Jo through the tears in his great puppy dog eyes.
"Potatoes mashed with vinegar, garlic, white pepper, and paprika," he choked, his entire body shuddering as he attempted to hold back his next emotional collapse.
"Is that all?" laughed Jo. "Geez, thats the same recipe my mother called Pickled Spuds. No problemo! Just cut those eyes off those taters and get mashing!"
Then Jo turned to the Vietnamese boy who was doing his best to dissect the direly disappointing duck.
"You there  you with the name that sounds like a bad porn movie."
"Phouc Huu," he corrected.
"Exactly," nodded Jo. "So what if all the ingredients are mushy? Darlene, got any marmalade?"
Darlene mumbled that she thought so, and went to the pantry.
"Good," exclaimed Jo. "We can make a dip out of brown sugar, marmalade and soy sauce, and no one will care that the duck free-ranged in a redneck swamp, and the rice rolls are droopier than grandpas gut. Any other questions, team?"
Not a peep. Even hoity-toity Bernard was in awe.
"Okay, Harley," said Jo, turning to me."Ill stay here and watch over things. Its high time you got out there and worked the room. Theres no sense standing around this kitchen and having that Lord Randolph gown reek of scallions and smoked trout."
"Randolph Duke," Moon Shadow said quietly. 
We all looked at her in amazement.
"I watch the Oscars," she added.
Whod have thought it?
"Yes," crooned Bernard, looking me over as if for the first time. "But perhaps you should be made aware, Miss Harley, there is a woman out there  I believe its Madame Authoress herself  with a dress very much like yours."
"Oh, we are all quite aware," I answered slyly.
Bernard hesitated only a moment before breaking out in a devious grin. Certainly competitive eye clawing was no foreign sport to this petite canap king. He slid his arm through mine and patted my hand, laughing.
"Have no fears. Her designer drag has nowhere near the impact level your little number has. This flowing style demands seductive arches and smooth curves. You, in this dress, show like my hors doeuvres. Tres magnifique! As for Madame Authoress, well, a scorched yardstick would look better in this than she does. My headwaiter, Rudolphe, says your intended target has downed a great deal of  Dom, and has gotten nauseatingly noisy in the process. So, go out there and wipe the floor with her, my friend. Just dont upstage my Sage Tofu Kaftas, and we have a deal. Daccord?"
I smiled. We shook hands. It was one of those warm and fuzzy moments youd never expect to find with a bombastic Belgian and a room full of fledgling foreigners  not even on one of those really fake reality shows.
Before leaving, I waved Darlene over to share in my strategy.
"Darlene, is Tarquin Rowley here?" I breathed.
"Why, yes, of course. Right now, hes in the center of a mob of inebriated, worked-up women.  Theyre begging him to go in a trance and guess what they have hidden in their purses. As I said before, all Tarquin Rowley seems to care about is whats concealed directly above their underwires."
"Well, get him. Pull him aside. Tell Mr. Rowley that he doesnt know me; however, when a woman in a red dress  thats me  walks in the room, he must pretend he has just received a telepathic message from the beyond. Beg him to announce to everyone that I am destined to write the next best-selling love story. Assure him its just a joke, and that Ill explain everything later. No matter what, Ill make sure no one ever knows his role in this. I would never ruin his reputation."
"Which reputation are you referring to?" Darlene asked snidely.
"Yes," sighed Bernard. "I hear this Tarquin Rowley is a blond psychic hick thats a sex machine to all the chicks."
"Shaft!" Darpak shouted from his spot at the sink. Ah, he finally heard something.
"Youre damned right!" replied Jo, and we all laughed.
Darlene broke up the revelry.
"All right then, Harley. Ill get your message to Mr. Read-My-Err-Mind. Just give me a few minutes to cut through the adoring crowd of women. I may have some difficulty pulling him away from so much, ahem, psychic energy. Meanwhile, where do you plan on entering from?"
"Right here, I guess."
"The kitchen door? Never. Why, would Joan of Arc enter through a kitchen door?"
"Rather doubtful."
"Scarlett OHara?"
"Fiddle-dee-not."
"Oprah?"
"Actually, Oprah could enter from the basement, if she was so inclined," began Bernard. "That woman simply shines. She adores my Vermouth Kissed Olives Stuffed with Marcona Almonds, dont you know."
"No, I didnt"
Darlene broke in."Tell you what, Harley. You can go through my living quarters, up the stairs and across the second floor hall to the grand staircase. Make your entrance from there. It will be perfect.  Now, hurry, before everyone gets too plastered to appreciate it."
I grinned and hugged Darlene. I even hugged Bernard. I wanted to hug Jo as well, but she scowled and waved me away with a huge, menacing ladle. Oh, this was going to be perfect! Bombo Bonnie wasnt going to know what hit her.
I did as Darlene suggested, crossing through her private quarters and tiptoeing along the second floor hall. I could hear the murmur of voices below. Peering down beneath the archway that spanned the stairs, I could see smiling, well-dressed people everywhere. It was a perfectly staged candlelit cocktail gathering, complete with what I call "posers"  a.k.a. out-of-towners who believe themselves to be better dressed, and a great deal worldlier, than us lowdown Newmonters. Some guy in a white tuxedo was playing Darlenes baby grand piano. A willowy woman in gray silk was draped at his side, possibly humming the tune he was playing. I could hear bubbling conversation, laughter, and the tinkling of glasses.
All at once, I was reminded of the scene in Rebecca when the new Mrs. DeWinter makes her entrance at the Manderley ball, wearing the same gown the first Mrs. DeWinter had worn two years before. Okay, this scenario was a little reversed, but hey, pretty ironic all the same. The very notion gave me the chills.
I glanced about the room again. There was Elana Kentfield, dressed in black velvet and sipping merlot. She was talking to the Editor of The Upper Valley Chronicle and looking frightfully bored.  Colin Anderson from the library was deep in conversation with the Best Hauntings historian, Earle Tarrington. Meanwhile, Newmonts wonderful Mayor, Paul Scott, was entertaining the technical crew, along with some of the citys business owners, over at the bar. Charlotte Brooks was by the dining room doors, probably gas-bagging to her unwilling captives how she and the inn practically had the same birth years.
Then I saw a tall, tanned man with shoulder length, perfect blond locks approaching the stairs. It was none other than Tarquin Rowley. Boy, Darlene was a fast worker!
But where was my buddy, Bonnie? And the bastard ex? I didnt want to put this performance on without them happily trapped in the 'reserve section.' I ducked behind the archway, and held my breath. I could still see Tarquin Rowley out of the corner of my eye. He was decked in form fitting Armani. Gosh, what a handsome man. So I like long hair on a guy. It goes back to my youth, daydreaming about guys like Jon Bon Jovi, Rick Springfield, and Adam Ant. Yes, yes - I know, back to the situation at hand. The command performance couldn't start without the special guests of honor.
Strange thing to admit at present, but in my married days, when I found myself bored and lonely at a mandatory law firm gathering, I used to be able to close my eyes and will my bastard ex into the room and by my side. So I tried it again, and miracle of miracles, he strolled into view with Buzzed Bonnie and Elanas husband, Ted. Bernard had been right. The Randolph Duke hung on Bulimic Bonnie like a Dollar Store window drape. I glanced at my bastard ex. Wow, he looked great in a tux. Id never noticed that before.
The time had come. Just like Manderleys second Mrs. DeWinter, I dont believe I ever felt so excited. My heart fluttered madly and my cheeks were flushed. I stepped out from behind the arch and placed my right hand on the banister. My sapphire cocktail ring shimmered under the glow of the chandelier. Drawing a deep breath, I put a triumphant smile on my lips and descended a few steps before pausing. On cue, the elegant Tarquin Rowley came forward. A voice in my brain shouted action!  I smiled, praying to God there was no stray spinach lodged in my teeth.
"It is you," Tarquin announced, spreading his arms wide.
The prattle in the room melted into suspenseful silence. I held my head high, but I could still see the bastard ex and Disbelieving Bonnie moving forward. The blood drained from Bonnies face, making her makeup appear childish and bold. Frankly, nothing could be better.
"You are the one he truly seeks," Tarquin went on in his best Hugh Grant.
Huh? What the heck was he saying? I tried not to look down.
"He calls to you  not her  no wait! It is a different phantom that walks the moonlit moors in search of you. It  is  another general. Yes, another general walks the moors!"
Tarquin placed his fingers on his temples, his eyes shut tight in mock concentration as he mumbled moors over and over again. Meanwhile, many of the guests were inching towards us. I dont believe a single one of them connected with the dress coincidence at all. I dont blame them. I was equally bewildered.
"I  I dont understand," I muttered as calmly as I could manage. "What general? And why would he look for me? Im just a writer," I added, attempting to prompt my telepathic pal back on track. Besides, he had to stop mentioning moors. This was New England. Only Heathcliff and Cathy had moors.
"I hear someone speaking  French? Yes, French," Tarquin replied, still locked in some loony meditation.
Great, French. Why not throw in some tricky Latin? Then we could all sit around the drawing room and hold another freaking translate the motto contest. Whirling and twirling, as if in a trance, Tarquin hushed the murmuring crowd and went on.
"There are people around me in Colonial dress. It is winter. We are near Quebec. No, now we are traveling south. It is Newmont  no  Mont Peale  wrong again  Montpelier. You are a wealthy landowners daughter. This general, he is mad - mad with desire for you oh, that is all. The image is gone."
Tarquin Rowley opened his eyes, staggering a bit as he presumably reeled his physical being back to reality. He shook his bottled blond locks and looked about, his breath coming in jagged spurts. It had been quite a show. The onlookers were speechless. I was astounded as well, wondering why this supposed clairvoyant boob-watcher couldnt get one simple little prank right.
A young writer from The Newmont Tribune pushed forward, dragging a photographer with her.
"Please, please," she cried. "I need only a moment of your time, Mr. Rowley, and you" she waved a hand at me.
"Harley Straker."
"Straker? The same last name as the author of Saras Song?"
"Yes," I said flatly. What difference did it make now?
"And youre a writer, too? Wow, well, I guess we can take a photo of all of you," she surmised, arranging us on the stairs. She even went so far as to place Blanched Bonnie directly next to me.
Goodness, but wasnt anyone going to notice that our dresses were the same? Tarquin Rowley formally introduced himself to me. He was quite the actor. No one would ever guess that Darlene had set him up to pick me out of a crowd  even if it was for the wrong thing. Tarquin peered down my dress, then Bonnies, then back to mine. He grinned. I wanted to cheer.
Bernard swept into the room with head waiter Rudolphe at his side. Rudolphe was a study in deportment as he carried a champagne bucket and a large tray of crystal glasses with the gracefulness of a dancer. At complete odds with this stunning Valentino image were Rudolphes feeble attempts not to giggle.
"I heard the great and wonderful Tarquin Rowley has had a vision from the beyond," Bernard announced with a flourish of his hands. "Cest si bon! Some Dom Perignon to celebrate, perhaps?"
"Actually, its not a vision," Elana Kentfield scowled, coming up behind the master chefs shoulder. "Tarquin Rowley has a three-thousand-year-old assistant in the spiritual world named Joe.  Joe connects Tarquin with those who have passed and wish to speak to us from the beyond."
"How clever, this Joe," Bernard went on happily as he passed out the sparkling crystal stemware.  "He has predicted Miss Harley here will write the worlds next best selling romance, nest pas?"
"Huh?" everyone exclaimed, as Bernard glanced towards me with momentary panic.
"Oh, oh  perhaps that is my prediction," Bernard went on smoothly as he poured. Then he stood back, looking at us all critically. By this point, Rudolphe was sniggering.
"There, this will make a lovely tableau  only"
Bernard placed his fingers to his lips. He pretended to be deep in thought as he regarded all of us carefully. Bernard certainly knew how to work a room, too. He had everyone utterly enraptured.  Perhaps he and Tarquin should hit the road together, wowing people in concert halls across the globe.  Tarquin could guess womens bust sizes, and Bernard could serve champagne soaked Gitchiegoomie Duck.
Suddenly, our Belgian uttered "Ah!" and focused on blottoed Bonnie.
"Would you not wish to remove this lady with the Randolph Duke imitation?" asked Bernard.  "She might feel embarrassed to be photographed next to a real one."
Aha! Now everyone looked. Bewildered Bonnie stood there, knees knocking, with a crumbling smile, behaving very much like Miss Americas runner-up must, because the TV cameras are right in her face, just waiting and praying for the tiniest crack. She turned to me and murmured something about my lovely dress and how she wished hers looked half as good. What she really wished, Im sure, was that Id be instantaneously sucked up into a black hole where no one could hear me scream. Chattering voices swirled as Bernard caught my eye and winked. I smiled as discreetly as I could in return. Rudolphe, however, burst into uncontrollable laughter and had to leave the room.
"Oh, Mr. Vandeloc," I said clearly so all would hear. "Your hors doeuvre presentation is beautiful beyond description." At this, everyone applauded in agreement. "Pray tell, kind sir, what is your secret?"
"A little bit of ketchup, and a great deal of help," he replied, stepping back with a bow as the  newspaper photographers snapped away. Everyone smiled and raised their glasses. Much to my surprise, only Bitter Bonnie was fuming. My bastard ex seemed  dare I say it?  rather amused.



CHAPTER TWELVE


A strange droning noise lured me from my restless sleep.
I sat up in bed, my head deeply muddled and confused. It might have been two or three in the morning, I couldnt be sure. Cocking my ear, I heard distant music  Louis Armstrong  playing What a Wonderful World. It sounded as though it were coming through the roof from the Salvador Dali-like clouds above. Scuffling about the floor for my slippers, I tiptoed out into the hall only to find a dim, greenish-gray light ebbing from the living room beyond.
The phone. If I wanted to dial 911, I needed to get past whatever was glowing in the living room to get to the phone. I stood there trembling, my heart pounding wildly in my chest. I wasnt exactly dressed for running in a Robert Plant tee shirt that barely covered my tush, and my favorite floppy pink slippers with more holes than substance. I paused a moment longer, only to realize I was becoming oddly calm.
I peered around the corner and stepped into the living room. No one was there. Strangely, however, the jazz greats voice seemed very close to my ears. I see skies of blue, clouds of white The phantom light disappeared. I turned on a lamp. All appeared well, at first. Then, inexplicably, all the photographs about the room seemed to speak. Yes, the many photographs of the bastard ex and me. They were still there, even after months of vowing to get rid of them. Had I really been alone that long? In any event, I couldnt throw them away just yet. So many memories were locked in those frames, reminders that our life together wasnt always regretful.
The whispers continued. I couldnt understand them. All I could make out was the distinct voice of Louis Armstrong remembering bright, blessed days and dark sacred nights. Where was that music coming from? I glanced out the window. The night sky was churning like molten silver, while the moon stared back at me through a telescope.
Suddenly, a popping noise made me turn my head. A picture of us taken somewhere in the Arizona desert seemed to melt before my eyes. Another popping sound, another photo. This time, it was the one we begged a crusty, little ol Confederate lady to take of us in front of a Charleston, South Carolina mansion. The picture was shaky and crooked, but we appeared so very much in love. Gone. And then another, and another. Breath would not come. I watched in horror as my treasured memories exploded one by one.
I stumbled back to my bedroom and buried myself under the covers. I tried to scream, but no sound would come. The machine gun sounding eruptions continued as photos along the hall literally ripped off the walls. Louis voice trailed off with, theyre really saying, I love you
Then I really woke up.
My left arm was numb. I reached for the clock with jittery fingers. My radio alarm had been playing for quite some time. What a Wonderful World was just finishing up with Armstrongs classic, "oh yeah."
It was nearly ten in the morning.
Why had I slept so long and yet so badly? My mouth was dry and my teeth furrier than the back of matted Shetland sheepdog.
Oh, yes, now I remember champagne  and plenty of it.
We had left Waites Manor well after midnight. True, there had been the immediate excitement caused by Tarquin Rowleys bizarre revelation. Everyone wanted to talk to me. However, that did not last terribly long. Something else happened to draw people away. I think it was our guest chef lighting off his Rum Drenched Crepes Bernard in the dining room. Besides, the fickle Mr. Rowley had become bored with me. He was entertaining a group of glassy-eyed ladies in the library bragging about how he uses his spiritualistic powers to assist Scotland Yard in capturing the cleverest of criminals.
I vaguely recalled going to the kitchen with Drew to help Jo clean up. Jo frankly had more fun in the kitchen than we ever did outside of it. She was now the best of pals with Moon Shadow, Phouc Huu, Tatyana, Enrique, Darpak, and Empanada Man, whose real name happened to be Maximilliano. Bernards foreign student exchange team. We all cheered and drank more champagne. That was my fatal mistake, right there.
I sat up. My entire body was wobbling, and my head throbbed to beat the band. I felt alone, scared, and ghastly ill. I summoned up what energy I could muster and went for the phone. With shaking fingers, I pushed the digits, hoping I had the right number.
"Hello?" my bastard ex answered cautiously, his voice a dead giveaway he had consulted his caller ID.
Deciding to dispense with small talk, I whispered, "Please come over now. Please."
"Are you all right, Harley?"
"Yes  no  Ill live. I just need to speak to you. Im scared. Something happened here last night."
There was a painfully long pause. I heard him sigh. My insides shriveled like plastic wrap in a flash fire. Yup, he was obviously figuring out how to politely turn me down.
"Look, Harley, Ill need to arrange things on this end. Can we say half-an-hour?"
I was so relieved I began to cry. It almost didnt matter that he was saying to me things he probably once said to Forbearing Bonnie behind my back  that bit about needing to arrange things. Okay, so now it was her turn to be lied to. Big deal. It was temporary.
I attempted to make coffee, but all I did was spill fresh grounds all over the counter. I thought about getting dressed, or at least, combing my hair. I couldnt manage a single, solitary task, except to sit in the kitchen chair, shuddering with my knees under my chin. I unlocked the door. I held my aching head a lot. I watched the clock. It was atrociously slow. I nearly called him again, until I finally noticed the Beamer crawling up the drive.
I watched him get out of the car. He looked about the lawn, probably astounded that I kept it mowed and at least dotted with a few forsaken flowers. He was wearing sunglasses. There were dashes of gray in his hair. I had never noticed gray in his hair before. The last year or so of our marriage, he had been more conscientious of his appearance than a high maintenance fashion model. I wondered why he now allowed a single strand of gray to linger on his head. Oh, well. Not my concern. He reached into the car and got out a box of doughnuts. He walked in the door. I tried to stand but couldnt.
"Harley, what happened?" His voice was neither caustic nor false. Apparently, he was going to step out of lawyer mode this morning. That was good. It would save us a lot of time.
"I had a terrible dream," I confessed.
I figured he would scoff at me, glance at his expensive, show-off watch, and immediately plan his escape. Instead, he offered to make coffee and hear me out. I was thoroughly shocked. So, while he brewed the Dunkins blend, I recounted my dream. It sounded terribly foolish in the bright light of day. Still, he seemed to understand my anguish.
"So what does your dream tell you?" he asked, putting my coffee before me, fixed up just the way I like it, and in my favorite mug.
"A million things," I replied. "Where do I start?"
He opened the box of donuts. Half were my favorites, the other half his. I was instantly reminded of long-ago, blissful mornings, sharing breakfast treats and the Sunday paper  mornings I sadly took for commonplace.
"I would have brought coffee, only I thought you might have some made," he jested.
"My hands were shaking too much," I admitted. "Anyway, this is better. I always preferred the way you make coffee. No one could ever make coffee the way you do."
Red blotches sailed across his cheekbones, and he laughed.
"How many overnight guests have tried?"
I considered answering, but stopped myself. Why own up to none? Let him believe my horizontal dance card was full to bursting. It served him right.
"Okay, thats not why were here," he said. He seemed flustered, as though the sudden image of other men in what was once his bed had registered none too prettily. "Cmon, tell me why your dream scared you so horribly."
Im not quite sure how I started, or where the words came from, but all the hurt and confusion came tumbling out. It must have been those photos  tender, symbolic captions of our lives together, that got to me. I trusted we were meant to last. We were both driven, ambitious people. We lived and breathed and laughed and cried at all the same things. The spark, the spontaneity, the special way we always knew what the other was thinking. Good times were good, and the bad times, well, how can you label the good without striding side by side, hand in hand, through the ones that werent exactly Snapchat moments? I never looked at another man long enough to 'play house' in my head. I never looked back. I never played that dangerous game of what if? How could he do all that, and more?
I glanced up at the clock. I had sputtered my emotions for nearly three quarters of an hour. My coffee mug was cold in my hands. I looked into his eyes, in hopes of realizing my words had sunk in; that he could understand my bewilderment, and more importantly, make me understand why he did the damnably hurtful things he did.
"I dont know what to say," he managed at last.
My heart sank. Men always claim not to know. Well, damn it, they need to find out. My frustration finally hit the roof.
"You drag me to a department store, demand a divorce in front of a slew of strangers, and now you have no idea what to say?" I fumed.
"Whoa, there. Wait a minute! You dragged me."
"Huh?"
"Thats right, Harley. If you care to recall things correctly, you dragged me. You talk about demanding. You were always demanding something  new furniture, new clothes  a new floor. You made it pretty well known you were sick of things staying the same. I was content with things as they were. I used to feel very secure with you. But you sure didnt act secure. You werent happy. You werent satisfied with your life, yourself, or with me. I got that message loud and clear."
Now it was me who had nothing to say.
"Okay, so you are right about one thing, Harley. The way I let my needs be known was  oh, how should I say it  positively atrocious? I never planned on telling you in the middle of a department store. Yes, that was completely and utterly wrong. I guess my only defense is, it was at that precise moment I knew I couldnt go on deceiving you. However, it wasnt in front of a slew of people. You know, you always exaggerate, Harley. Why, Ill bet you have no idea how many is in a slew."
"Theres no specific number in a slew. A slew is just a lot."
He grinned. "Are you sure?"
"What difference does it make?" I scoffed in return. "It was a lot."
"There was absolutely no one around. I made sure of it."
"Yes, there was! I saw a fat Armenian woman with a creepy mustache line, sweating in a fake fur coat. And a pock-faced guy with a burgundy Elks jacket on. Oh, and the family with the kids in the cart, screaming and whacking each other with carpet samples."
"A plus-size, perspiring, hairy Armenian, a facially scarred Elk, and an obnoxious family of four does not constitute a slew," he grinned contentedly over his third doughnut. Wow, three doughnuts? That control freak he left me for probably didnt allow him within three yards of sugar.
"Oh, stop being a lawyer! You know what I mean."
He stopped chuckling. He reached out his hand to me. "Actually, Harley, I do. And Im sorry."
I did not take his hand. Feeling sorrier for myself, I instead hugged my sides and shivered.
"Im sorry," he said again, withdrawing his hand and looking away pensively. It was at that moment I realized what a good keeper-type of guy he is, and always was. Was it really me that drove the wedge?
"How the hell did it happen?" I whispered. "We were great together. Or maybe you never thought we were. Hey, thats probably it. Maybe that whole incident at your Jack and Jill party was merely your idea of enjoying one last run on the testosterone freight train. Yah, come to think of it  the way you went at me  that must have been all it was!"
"Pardon me, Harley, but it was definitely the other way around. You seduced me. You were all over me, sweetness, like jam on toast, and thats a fact."
Typical lawyer, I told myself, always twisting so-called facts around. Just another sad case of Blame Shifting 101.
"Nah-huh. It was you who seduced me. I clearly remember every moment, right from the start.  Bonnies father was ladling out his secret punch to a very select group. I was one of them. And I hate to tell you why." 
"Why?" he asked, blanching.
"That gross old pig was trying to seduce me first, you moron. Why is it you guys are always so blind to that sort of thing? Anyway, you knew that Bonnie and I had been friends forever. But about the time we turned fifteen, her father was always staring at me  saying things. Nothing bad  just saying things. Cant blame him in a way. His wife is wider than a rhino, and six times as mean. Anyway, you can now easily see why he was more than furious at what we did, and right in his house, too."
"Do you clearly recall every moment of that, as well?"
I looked up at him. His face was serious.
"Sure," I replied. "For whatever thats worth."
We sat in silence for a moment. The comforting sounds of day filtered through the windows.  Maybe we had both said enough.
"Regardless," I sighed nonchalantly, "Im glad Mr. Bonner wasnt there last night. Enough went on without him raising his booming, ugly voice in public."
"I had convinced him to let Bonnie have the spotlight for a change," he remarked in a guarded way.
I was tempted to speak my mind, but didnt. He had brought Bonnie into the conversation to gently remind me why he had left, and to who he was now committed. Yes, even if I would never hear the answers to my questions, we had definitely said enough.
In that moment, I saw my life as it would be. Alone, but not lonely. I had wonderful friends. Quite possibly, the right guy would come along  if such a terrific thing can possibly happen twice.
I stood up and walked slowly towards the living room, oblivious to the fact that I was wearing not much more than a tee shirt in front of a man I no longer had the right to show off for.
"I dont suppose you want any of these photos."
"Youre not going to get rid of them, are you?"
"Why not?" I shrugged, picking up one of my favorites and sitting on the floor. "Theyre only half empty memories now."
He sat down next to me and took the framed photograph from my hands.
"Oh, I remember this one. It was at Thomas Jeffersons Monticello. Your favorite place on earth.  We went there eleven times. It always rained."
We talked of other places, fleeting moments wrapped in precious layers of time. Our memories.  Our history. These are the things he and Bonnie will need months, perhaps decades, to create on their own. And even when they do, it will be the reminiscences of his younger years, his times with me that will bring the tears, the smiles, the wonderment; for it is youth that gives everything a glorious shade of gold.
"Oh, Baby Love," I sighed. "Where did we go wrong?"
I gulped. I had called him Baby Love. My pet name for him. I hadnt called him that in years.  Thats about as far as I got asking myself why. Before I knew it, his lips were on mine, and we sunk to the floor, the photo of us in front of Monticello snug between us. He fumbled and moved it away.
Oh, for one wild moment I was ready to let it all happen. It would have been easy. A million notions flew through my head. A million rhymes, a million reasons. He was my soul mate, my life.  This second in time, this here, and this now, was as natural as lightning, and twice as breathtaking. I wanted him. I wanted revenge.
Ah, was revenge really it, all along? I broke away.
He understood.
The awkwardness between us in saying goodbye was strange. It was odd, out of place, and almost exciting. No, he didnt want more coffee. He didnt want the doughnuts. He pretended to look around as if there might be something left to do or say. It was kind of cute, somewhat little boy lost. But as I watched him get ready to go, I realized who was bound to feel more lost at leaving. My eyes welled with tears I didnt care to hide.
"Are you going to the Phantom Festival?" he asked quietly, keys in hand.
"The what?" I began.
Oh, yes. How could I forget? This very afternoon, all the vendors and businesses in the restored section of downtown were holding an open house street party. The cast and crew of Best Hauntings were the guests of honor.
"Yes, I suppose so," I managed.
"Maybe youd better tell me what youre going to wear, so Bonnie can do something different," he said, and his voice was not vindictive. I believe he was even attempting to be funny. Or maybe he had no idea how cruel I had been.
"Im sorry about last evening," I said, and I meant it.
He sighed. "Dont be."
"So, Ill see you there," I tried to reply brightly. "Although, maybe its best  what I mean to say is, youre not going to tell Bonnie you were here, are you?"
"Do you want me to?"
"From what the legal papers in my desk drawer seem to indicate, I no longer have that right. Hey, what Im driving at is, did you tell her you were coming over? Id hate to say the wrong thing in front of her, especially now, with the pressure of my  the  book, and all this Best Hauntings nonsense.  Bonnie probably has enough on her mind."
"Not really," he replied, and it was rather peculiar the way he said it. "Anyway, to answer your question, no, I did not tell Bonnie I was coming over here. As a matter of fact, I lied to her. I told her I was running errands. So, there you have it, Harley. Use it against me. Use what I did against me.  Youre certainly entitled to."
"No can do," I answered softly. He seemed to relax. His shoulders heaved a sigh of relief. He came over and kissed my forehead before glancing at the photo on my shirt.
"Robert Plant never looked so good," he smiled, putting his fingers beneath my chin and forcing me to give him a hint of a smile in return. "Now go get dressed. Ill see you later, downtown. And promise me one thing."
"What?" I asked, wiping away a last, furtive tear.
"Dont throw our photographs away," he said, and then he left.
Since my divorce, Ive often fantasized about being the other woman.
Instead, I went directly to my computer, and with a huge sigh of determination, listed what was once our house together for sale.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN


Erin was at the door, all smiles and giggles. Her vibrant energy never ceases to amaze me. She dashed into my kitchen all bright-eyed and brimming with plans and excitement for the Phantom Festival.  Moments later, Jo appeared, keys in hand. She took in my appearance with a single glance and frowned.
"A faded denim jacket, a Jesus Christ Superstar tee shirt from somewhere back in the godforsaken seventies, and bleach-ravaged, holey jeans?" she questioned, eyebrows arched.
"Why not?" I shrugged. "I was in Superstar once you know. Okay, so it wasnt a big, professional touring company. But I could have been in one. I was a great dancer. All right, maybe not great, but pretty good. Still, it was one of the extremely few decent highlights in my stupid, sorry life. Aw, bring out the Buster Browns; all I want to do is feel young again! Capeesh? Comprendo? Whats wrong with that, anyway? Is that so bad? Is that such a crime? Huh, huh, let's go for a third on the match, huh?"
"Youre hung over, arent you?"
I frowned. "Can we just go?"
We were all moving towards the door when a shadow loomed across the threshold, and the doorbell rang.
"I wonder who that could be?" grumbled Jo.
"Do you think it's General Burgoyne?" gasped Erin.
"What?" stammered her mother.
"Well, it sure would save a lot of time," explained Erin.
I went to the door, silently nervous that it might be my ex.
"Hello," I heard, and looking up, I saw a tall man with a face that, despite a broad hint of smirking, reeked of total sophistication.
"Ms. Straker?"
"Um, yes."
"I'm here about the house."
"How could you be? I just listed it."
"You listed your house?" jumped in Jo.
"Yes," I said.
"Good," said the guest on the doorstep.
"No -" I sputtered, "I mean - how did you know about this so soon?"
"How come I didn't know about it at all?" questioned Jo.
"I'm the new editor at The Newmont Tribune," announced the caller. "Just bought it."
"You bought it?" I asked.
"Your house?" exclaimed Jo.
"No, the paper," explained he.
"When were you going to let me know?" demanded Jo.
"Pardon me, Ma'am, but I wasn't sure I needed to," allowed Mr. Smirking Sophistication.
"She's talking about the house," I said.
"Yes, and so am I. I'm aware you just listed it, because I saw the ad come through our classified department. I know it's terribly soon, but I merely wanted you to know I am definitely interested."
"Really?" both Jo and I said at the same time.
"Yes. I'm renting the house next door. Our backyards connect, and I walk through these woods often. I like these woods."
"That's funny. I'm leaving because of them."
"Really?" asked the caller.
"Well, I'm alone - for the moment, that is - and I'd rather downsize a bit. For the moment, anyway."
"One should always live in the moment," he said, with a little bow. How strange, but he somehow knew my life's motto.
"Well, Mister-"
"West. Carson West. But please call me Carson."
"Well, Mr. -um - Carson, I am not quite prepared to show you through the house today."
"I wasn't expecting to, and thoroughly understand."
"Yes, perhaps you could come back when things look better," Jo barged in, and by the way her intent eyes were fixed, I easily guessed she was referring to me.
"Oh, absolutely," the gentleman agreed. "Here is my card, and please do call me."
"Thank you, Mr. West."
"Carson," both he and Jo reminded me.
He winked, turned, and left.
"He reminds me a bit of James Brolin," said Jo, a serious hint of awe in her voice.
I didn't see it.
"Who cares?" blurted Erin. "Let's get to the festival before everything is over. Let's go, let's go!"

There wasnt a single parking space to be had anywhere near downtown. It would have been easier to leave Jos car at my house and walk. There were balloons and bright lights and overly loud people everywhere. A band called Looking Back Machine was set up in the middle of Tremont Street. It was made up of five kids, none of whom were a day over twenty. They screeched and twanged Woodstock era music through a towering wall of pulsating speakers. All along the sidelines, crazed fans were jumping around, screaming their brains out, and playing air guitar. Oh, the noise! My head felt close to exploding into miniscule particles of sheer waste. I wasnt sure I could take it. Jo was flat out right. I was definitely hung over.
Erin ran ahead of us in order to catch up with some school pals enjoying ice cream on the Square. We made our way through the hordes, nodding and waving at people we knew. It was one big tangle of insanity.
"Lets go to Ava Janes salon," I said, tugging Jos sleeve. "I think I need to sit for a minute or two.  Besides, well be near Erin."
We moved slowly towards the Square. The drifting scents of perfume, incense, cooking grease, beer, and humanity were making my head reel, and my sorry stomach churn. Luckily, Ava Jane was  there inside her super busy salon, assisting a dozen or so patrons. It was sheer bedlam.
Ava Jane came forward and took my hands.
"Honey chile - your face is a not very pretty shade of green. What the Sam Hill happened?"
"I drank a tanker load of designer champagne last night, and I want to die."
"Well, at least let me comb your hair before you pop off, Sugar."
"Please don't. Even my part hurts," I admitted.
"I never like suggesting this, but maybe the hair of the dog will do you some good," offered Jo.
"Harley needs more than the hair of one dog, Jo," mumbled Ava Jane, peering into my cloudy eyes.  "Im thinkin an entire Iditarod sled team."
Ava Jane looked around. "Where is my assistant, Katy? Katy! There you are!"
A chubby teenager waddled our way, her arms piled high with hair products and Harry Potter books.
"Katy, youre in charge for the next hour. Im goin to Beckwith's for  uh  lunch. Youll be fine."
"But Miss Ava," the young gal gasped, pale-faced and wide-eyed behind her coke bottle glasses. "Its terribly busy. What if I cant handle it all alone?"
"You can do it, Katy," Ava Jane sighed, going for her handbag behind the counter. "Becky and Sarah can handle the haircuts. Every other person who has come in here today is lookin for hocus-pocus books. Its not as if anyone is going to drill you on the dissimilarities between Chekhov and that    Tolstoy feller."
"Actually, Miss A.J., I can contrast Chekhov and Tolstoy. What I cant do is respond intelligently to some whacko dressed like Dracula who needs info on metaphysical rituals, scrying tools, rune stones, palmstones, hand-blended herbals, velvet pouches and authentic Latin grimoires."
"Will you relax, Katy, darlin? Whackos who know enough to ask for grimoires can glance through these on their own," replied Ava Jane, waving at the curiously attractive display table packed with books dealing with everything from astrology, to ghost hunting, to witches spells, to Zen.
"Just keep that little ol' register ringin Katy girl, and Ill give you double time for today."
We ambled out into a fresh brace of sunshine, searching the crowds for Erin. It didnt take long to find her. Erin was with a bunch of her pals devouring ice cream. She was eating a double scoop cone of marshmallow chocolate, and wearing it rather well on her beaming face.
"Were going to Beckwith's to get Harley some lunch," Jo announced to her daughter. "Youd better come with us."
Erin groaned as though she were just asked to give up all nine-and-a-half weeks of summer vacation.
"Cant I stay here? Oh, please  oh please! Im not hungry, I promise! Besides, Samantha's mom is right here in her travel agency. Wed have way more fun here than with you. Please, please, please!"
Samantha's mom was fine with keeping her eye on Erin, so Jo finally relented.
We lingered outside for a moment and glanced about the Square. It was indeed hopping. Folks must have come from all over. Sure, there were more than a few bizarre characters walking around. A group of teenagers figured it would be cool to dress up, and drag themselves around,  la Walking Dead. There was a wacko hippie-type tall guy with a gray ponytail trailing to his waist, outfitted as a wizard. He was waltzing down the sidewalk, humming, and christening passerbys with a huge, sparkly wand. Lots of people were made up as spirits, ghouls, and ghosts, and some little kids were, too. Last, but certainly not least, there were at least three dozen Burgoyne and Sara impersonators roaming the streets. The Burgoynes were shouting totally inane things such as Cheerio, chaps! and Sink me!" Meanwhile, many of the Saras were treating our downtown as though it were the gateway to The Voice, belting out ballads like no tomorrow. Suddenly, Ava Jane raised her hand.
"Have a look-see yonder. Its Pammy Perfect and her silly twit husband, Herbie."
Indeed, there they were, and Gina was with them. Herbie, a.k.a. Denny Densmore, was broadcasting his radio show under the cool shadows of the Opera House clock tower. I really didnt care to go, but Ava Jane and Jo practically pulled me over. Herbie was chatting up a storm, playing appropriate hits such as I Put a Spell On You, Witchy Woman and, of course, Ghostbusters.
Pamela and Gina were working harder than one-armed paperhangers handing out treats Pamela had made. They were some sort of cupcake Pamela was calling Orb Cakes, offered in angel or devils food with a light frosting. If I werent so nauseous, I would have considered them terribly clever.
"Whats up with you?" Gina asked, peering at me as if she saw snakes swimming behind my eyes.  Judas, did I really look that bad? Funny, my ex hadnt said so earlier.
Jo spoke up. "Harley needs a drink. Were going to Beckwith's."
"Just one drink," I stipulated firmly. "Just one."
"Id love to go, too," said Gina, glancing at Pamela who nodded okay. "Ive been dishing out these Orb Cakes for over two hours. Theyre a smash hit."
"I should have made more. Theres got to be a few thousand people here," marveled Pamela.
"But I can tell you who isnt," Gina chimed in with a singsong voice.
"Who?" I asked dumbly, rubbing my aching temples.
"Your pen pal, Bonnie!" Gina paused as we all reacted in our own ways. "Yup, thats right. Shes missing out on her big moment here. Instead, rumor has it, the worlds greatest plagiarist bolted down way too much bubbly last night, and is home worshipping the porcelain goddess as we speak."
I didnt respond to that one. Sure, I could joke all I wanted about Bathroom Fixture Bonnie, but if it wasnt for Jo and Erin insisting the air would do me good, Id be home hugging the hopper too.
"Your ex was just here," Pamela told me, piling on her very best Im-so-sorry tone. "Hes got the children. They ate Orb Cakes until they gushed out their ears. I dont think Bonnie lets them have sugar."
Guess I had that one figured.
"Which way did they go?" I asked sheepishly.
"Over towards Farrahs Deli. Funny, you must have walked right by them."
Thank God, I thought. I wasnt ready to see my ex strolling about hand in hand with the family I never gave him.
"Coast is clear, then," I managed aloud. "Lets go to Beckwiths for one drink. But just one, remember; Im warning you!"

Two drinks later, Darlene Albright wandered into Beckwith's.
"Well, if it isnt the Odd Squad," she grinned, throwing her arms wide.
"Darlene!" welcomed Jo. "You got out of the inn. Fantastic!"
"Of course I could," Darlene smiled. "Most of my guests are here."
She studied the sticky sweet concoctions we were drinking and instead ordered a simple glass of wine.
"That was quite a time last evening, ladies, quite a time. Some good came out of it, I believe. Its been a long while since Newmonts finest got together to celebrate something positive - even if that positive is all about a plagiarized book and a pretend poltergeist."
We saluted all around with our glasses.
"Oh, and that swishy little Belgian wasnt so bad after all," Darlene went on to say. "As a matter of fact, I hear Mayor Scott hired him to do a big splash at the Visitors Center this fall."
"Ill be sure to bring the ketchup," laughed Jo.
"Boy, the streets are jammed out there," sighed Darlene. "I cant imagine it getting busier later this evening when Elana and Tarquin appear."
"Oh, they arent here yet?" asked Gina. "Im dying to meet them; Tarquin especially. Ive had visions of him looking deeply into my eyes and revealing we were stranded together on a deserted island two hundred years ago, or something equally romantic. Although, as my luck typically goes, hed probably prefer to share that prophecy with fashion plate, Pamela."
"Might could be," began Ava Jane. "But they wouldnt be on that island for long, because our Pammy darling would most surely have an inflatable life raft in her purse."
"Whatever," Gina sighed. "I dont care. I just want to meet Tarquin Rowley. Hes such a hunk."
"Now theres an apt description," I mumbled, turning to Darlene. "Where are Elana and Ted? I thought they were supposed to be here earlier to visit with the shopkeepers downtown. They promised."
"Elana and Ted were having a production meeting with a few of the interior tech crew when I left.  It was a closed-door gathering  very hush hush. Of course, I tried to listen for a teeny-tiny moment.  Couldnt understand a word of it. They were yakking away about pixels and digital flaws, cellophane and nose spray. What the heck is that all about?"
"Maybe they were sayin plum silly things because they are psychic enough to know you were snoopin just outside the door?" offered Ava Jane.
"Nah," said Darlene. "The supposedly psychic one  Tarquin Rowley  was still upstairs nursing a hangover." She paused purposefully. "Or, better put, there were two - ahem - nurses upstairs still hanging all over him."
"Disgusting," muttered Jo.
"Anyone we know?" wondered Gina.
Darlenes face broke into a wicked grin.
"Im not sure, but I believe hes entertaining a couple of college professor-type wives  you know, the over jeweled, overdressed, whiny, pill-popping kind our Harley here calls posers. Just imagine it."
"I dont even want to begin to picture it," I sneered. "The man is an impossible bore without an ounce of brains in his head. Why, he couldnt even get one little gag right. Remember what you asked him to say to me at the party, Darlene? He couldnt even get that straight. What an idiot."
Darlene's jaw dropped, as she put her hands to the sides of her face.
"Oh, I never got to tell you, Harley. I couldnt get to him with your message. He was always surrounded. That nonsense he said to you on the stairs  it was real  or whatever. I never asked him a thing."
Hmm, now this was strange.
"Oh, well, who cares?" I finally said. "Tarquin Rowley is nothing but a big phony."
"This is a real pity," sighed Gina. "I was all ready to be swept off my feet by that dreamboat."
"Dont bother," I said, downing the last of my rum-sweetened Zombie  the special drink of the day in honor of all the loony fruitcakes sauntering around outside at the festival.
Darlene motioned us closer, the twinkle in her eyes more brilliant than a light bulb.
"Do any of you know what Tarquin Rowleys real name is?"
We shook our heads with great anticipation.
"Richard Dunst. However, the shows historian, Earle Tarrington, calls him Dick Dunce. Yes, you heard that correctly, ladies. Dick Dunce. I overheard Earle mentioning to Ted how he had to drill our Colin Anderson for information about Kings Cavern so that Dick Dunce didnt give away how truly dim-witted he was in front of us Yankees. How funny is that?"
"Very," I grinned as our bartender, Meghan, came over with yet another round of umbrella-topped drinks.
"Oh, dear God," I sighed. "What is this?"
"From your ex," Meghan replied, looking straight at me. "He must have walked by and saw you through the window. Dont worry, I made them extra light, because your ex has also invited all of you to the finish-up party here at Beckwith's tonight. Nine o'clock. Its a private booking, so all the long-haired freaky people need not apply."
"Except Elana Kentfield and Dick Dunce," drawled Ava Jane.
"Who the hell is Dick Dunce?" Meghan asked.
We all cheered and raised our glasses. Oh, well. At least we werent toasting with champagne. We settled back in our comfy chairs and watched the weirdo characters parade by the sun-warmed windows. My hangover was a demon of the past. We were all very content.

Jo drove me home to quickly change. Erin helped me pick out some clothes. She has great taste for a ten-year-old. She selected a form-fitting olive colored dress  not too short, and not too long  just perfect. Okay, maybe Erin wanted me to add dance leggings, a patchwork jacket, and a huge bow in my hair, making me a thirty years too late Madonna backup dancer. But as I said, shes ten. At that age, I believe I was into studded denim and tee shirts with really lame messages plastered all over them.
Erin was also thrilled to be going to the finish up party. At last, her mother was breaking the golden rule about keeping Erin ten rods clear of kooks and actors. Jo was even going to let her attend the actual taping at Kings Cavern. Erin was in seventh heaven. Her elated zeal was not primarily over watching ghost-hunters track down potential ghosts. No, it was watching ghost-hunters track down potential ghosts without a stupid car ad thrown in every seven and a half minutes.

When we returned downtown, Elana and Tarquin were already center stage on Tremont Street, surrounded by hundreds of fans. Dressed suitably for Men in Black, Tarquin was pulling the big star act, but the crowd was simply eating it up. Elanas flat, unemotional, but oh-so British voice echoed over the bands speakers, bouncing off the scrolled facades of Tremont Streets storefronts and floating down towards the people-packed Square. 
They thanked Newmont for their distinctly Yankee welcome  now what the hell did that mean?  and then went on to say how they hoped to coax the great General Burgoyne and the elusive Sara out of hiding during Sunday afternoons taping. Now, this was an excellent point. I wondered how many folks overlooked the fact that our Phantom General, after suspiciously appearing here and there and everywhere, had coincidentally hightailed it the very hour the Best Hauntings people arrived in town. Sara had not been seen, or heard from, in weeks.
Elana concluded by announcing that she was simply chilled to the bone in her little black lace frock. Yah, no kidding! Her tantalizing little frock was no bigger than a facecloth. They made their way into Beckwith's, followed by my ex and his boisterous father-in-law. Bonnie was nowhere in sight.
We trailed in at the end of the invitational line and gave our names. Laura saw us and led us back to where Gina and Ava were seated. The room was filled with many of the faces I remembered from the party held the previous night at Waites Manor.
"We had sandwiches and played Trivial Pursuit by candlelight while you were gone," Gina explained. "The power went out. Imagine that?"
"That obnoxious band probably drained every last kilowatt in the Upper Valley," observed Jo.
"Maybe it was ghosts," Gina whispered, pretending to tremble. "Real ones."
"The electricity was out all around the Square, too," Ava Jane explained, stirring her coffee. "I called Katy and sent her home early, which was fine. We made a bundle today."
"If my costume shop had been ready to open, I would have made a bundle, too," sighed Gina. "With all these costumed fanatics out here, not to mention the multitude of Sara and General Burgoyne get-ups, I could have raked in enough to retire on."
"You can blame that on John J," I pointed out, frowning.
"Well, he's turned out to be not so bad after all. But with every available space downtown taken up over the past few weeks, he's been really busy. No worries. I'll be open way before you sell the movie rights to your book," Gina beamed.
The jazz trio finished up a number that most likely came from The Exorcist soundtrack, and asked for silence. Elana and Tarquin stood before the microphones once more in order to speak in better detail about Sunday's filming at Kings Cavern on McGregors farm. They thanked the Chamber, the team at Economic Development, and all the various businesses for supplying them with: not merely the splendid hospitality and a lovely place to stay, but the trailers, generators, computers, sound boards, stage lighting, scaffolding, master electricians, gaffers, grips, boom operators, carpenters, prop masters, seamstresses, consultants, historians, researchers, wardrobe assistants, makeup artists, hairstylists, publicists, caterers, and transportation companies needed for production. Wow, all this just to catch a glimpse of Dan Hayward performing a royal wave from a fog machine-covered ridge? Amazing.
Ava Jane nudged my arm discreetly.
"Hey, Harley. Do you see that cuter than cornpone specimen of masculine strength and beauty over there? The one leanin at the end of the bar?"
I could have been a guest star on a CSI episode as I scanned down the lineup.
"You dont mean the one with the purple faux leather and the Pomeranian hairdo, I hope."
"Hell, no," Ava Jane chuckled. "Mr. Pomeranian-do is a positive sugar plum fairy. I meant the one standin next to him. The one drinkin beer straight out of the bottle, the way real men used to do. Your purple faux leather guy is sippin his strawberry daiquiri as if the straw was made out of candy cigarettes."
I zoomed in my focus and realized just whom Ava Jane meant. Yeah, nice. Real nice as a matter of fact.
"So tell me, gal pal, is he givin me the overall systems check, or you?"
"Im not sure, Ava Jane," I replied carefully. "Although I do believe his hard drive is fully aware youve got him book-marked."
"What the  where are you looking?" Jo demanded, folding her arms defensively. "If this is someone giving our Harley the once over, I need to know."
"Why?" Gina snickered over the rim of her wine glass.
"For the simple fact she made such an abysmal choice with the bastard ex. Hey, I know he invited us here tonight  probably out of sheer guilt -"
"Or sheer stupidity," pointed out Gina.
"But that doesnt excuse him being a bastard, now does it?" demanded Jo, wide-eyed.
"True," replied Gina.
"Besides, Harley has lousy taste in men," added Jo.
"True again," agreed Gina.
"What do you mean lousy?" I sputtered. "I once dated a guy who was the spitting image of Patrick Swayze, you know!"
Ava Jane nudged me again  harder this time.
"Hes comin over!" she exclaimed through white teeth locked under a cherry lipstick smile.
No more slouching. We all straightened our spines, sitting up and doing our best to look like  like what? Demure ladies? Receptive foxes? A perfectly normal female combination of both? Who knows?  All I do know is that this guy was cute  tousled hair, major baby blues, and a smile so beguiling, yet so shy, that it melted my heart.
He stood before us, beer in hand, and introduced himself as Drake Kempton. We all begged him to sit, each moving one way or the other in order that he might sit next to us. It was comical, to say the least. He played the gentleman and pretended to ponder his many choices before sitting between Ava Jane and me.
Drake was telling us all about being an associate film director for Britains Best Hauntings. He explained in his delectable British accent that this was his first trip ever to the States, and he found himself utterly fascinated with New England, and with Darlenes bed & breakfast in particular. I wondered if this was indeed the pleasant cameraman Darlene had been so taken with, as Jo leaned my way and whispered something that sounded strangely like duh.
"Duh?" I repeated stupidly.
"No, not duh, you dodo. D! The letter 'D.' Remember?"
At first I didnt. Then the ripoff Rumanian voice of that tea leaf-smoking crackpot Kashmir floated through my head. You vill meet a stranger whose name starts vith D vithin tree months. I looked at Drake. I looked at Jo. Then I looked at Drake again for a truly wonderfully long time.
Could this be possible? Could I really be this lucky? My brains fantasy department kicked swiftly into high gear, happily sailing right past the how do you dos and directly into the I dos. What a beautiful couple we made. Of course, I would have to move to England. That might pose a problem.  My best friend was here. England was so far away. But he was delicious, so, whats to worry? Airline tickets get printed every day.
My rampant thoughts drifted into overdrive. I saw our wedding in a beautiful village church  no, wait  make that a cathedral. I deserved a cathedral. The ex and I got hitched in a clerks office. No matter that this was a second marriage for me; Id still have a Princess Diana style gown. Wed need a special coach to accommodate the twenty-six foot train. Drake would be stunning in a top hat and tails. Wed live and love in a picturesque thatched cottage in the Cotswolds. The floorboards would creak, and the fireplace would back up every now and then, but we would be brilliantly content  he with his award-winning camera work, and me with my writing. The villagers would adore us. "Oh, Harry," I could hear one imaginary neighbor sigh to her husband, "That Harley is such a marvel. She writes, and maintains a splendid home, and still has time to volunteer with our ladies aid society"
I was delighting in dreamy images of prized gardens, stonewalled lanes, and prim, tidy hedgerow, when the sounds of scuffling chairs startled me. So much for shabby psychics and sweet whimsies!  Ava Jane had the nerve to stroll off with my Mister D. I watched in disgusted self-pity as they ambled towards the bar, their equally matched killer baby blues devouring each other. Oh, well. The next looker whose name starts with D was definitely slated to be mine.
I sighed and glanced about the room. The jazz trio was in full swing. People were laughing and dancing. Jo and Gina had gone up to graze at the buffet table. A well-dressed couple I didn't know walked in the door. Suddenly, the man waved at me, took the lady at his side by the arm, and strode over my way.
"Mrs. Straker," said he, grinning.
"Hello," I said warily.
"Carson," he reminded me, "and this is Evelyn."
"Hello, Mrs. Straker," she smiled, putting out a jeweled hand. She was distinctively polished, but  pleasant.
"Oh, of course, the house," I replied.
"I'm hoping you don't mean me," Evelyn laughed.
"Oh, sorry - no," I blushed.
"Now, don't trouble yourself on that, Mrs. Straker. If you want to sell your house, I'm your man. However, if you've decided it's still your home, then I'm just your friendly neighbor," Carson West  smiled again. He really had a charismatic face.
"Hey, Carson!" I heard a very familiar voice say, and looking up, I spied my ex approaching. My palms drenched, and my heart started pounding. I wasn't sure if this was due to seeing him again, or having him discover I put the house up for sale.
"Harley, I had no idea you knew Carson West."
"She didn't until this afternoon," answered the newspaper man. "We met over the subject of the -"
"Phantom Festival," I rapidly supplied.
Carson West shot me a glance that went from question to click in mere seconds.
"Why, yes, the Phantom Festival," he confirmed oh-so carefully, his eyes curiously locked on my face.
"That's a bit odd. Oh, no offense, Harley - but it's not like you organized it, or anything."
"Oh, merely her opinion as a spectator, Mr. Straker. Your - um - ex-wife is refreshingly articulate."
I could see the gears turning behind Carson West's eyes. I wasn't sure if he was enjoying this, or genuinely feeling sorry for me.
"Yes," my ex agreed, "if there's one thing Harley here handles with ease, especially lately, it's expressing herself."
Carson West took his wife's arm once more.
"We'd best be going, Evelyn. I believe these two have things to discuss."
"Watch out for that guy," my ex muttered as we watched them walk away.
"Why?" I asked. "He - they both - seem very charming."
"You hit the nail right on the head, Harley. That very charming guy used to be an ace reporter with the New York Mail - a very gossipy kind of rag. He's been after Bonnie endlessly for the real scoop on Sara's Song, and after that spectacle last evening at Waite's manor, he's probably pretty convinced you hold the key."
"Carson West was there last evening?" I muttered. "Funny, I never saw him."
"Your eyes were definitely set on a different prize," my ex said simply.
"Still - I - I can't believe it."
So that's why Carson West showed up on my doorstep, I fumed inside my head. It was never about the house at all. Stupid me. No, stupid men! Except for paying an occasional dinner tab, checking under the hood, or dragging out the trash, why were they ever invented in the first place?
Jo and Gina returned from the buffet table. My ex was sitting in Jos seat. She let him know that with an imperious stare. He stood, just as Bonnie appeared at the door.
"Saved by the ding-a-ling," Jo smirked. "Oh, forgive me; I meant hells bells."
"I know what you meant," my ex replied, attempting to smile. "I hope you are all enjoying the party, ladies; and now, I must excuse myself. Goodbye."
"And goodbye to you, too," Jo spewed, sitting down next to me and showing off the goodies on her plate. "Go ahead, Harley, get yourself something to eat. After all, you dont want a repeat of this morning, do you?"
Maybe, I thought to myself, watching my ex walk towards Bonnie, who had burst into warm smiles at the sight of him. Maybe I could repeat just a small part of it.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Typical of any day slated for an important event, it rained like hell on Sunday.
I remained in bed most of the morning, watching Clark Gable movies and wallowing in self-pity.  After all, I was nothing but a divorced has-been on a fiery fast track to the big 5-0. What happened?  Where did the better part of my life go? Well, I could answer that one easily enough. The only part of my life worth anything was with the guy who just left it.
So I sprawled out on my stack of pillows with Henri by my side, sipping fruit juice from a crystal glass, eating junk food, and wishing Rhett had rescued me out of Atlanta. Finally, I got up the energy to shower, contemplating just how to style my hair to look decent in a downpour. I ate more junk food, then padded around in an old bathrobe, juggling for the umpteenth millionth time if I should stay, or keep the house for sale and move far, far away. In other words, for a day that was supposed to be history-making in my life, it sure wasnt starting out all that noteworthy.
Jo, Drew, and Erin were picking me up at two. I called at one to ask Erin what I should wear.
"Its really cold and damp out, cos of the rain, Harley, and that cave is probably even ickier," Erin began pensively. "Im thinking that embroidered purple shirt you have  the one with the pretty rhinestones around the neck  and your black jeans. I vote for the black jeans only because those are the ones you never ask if your butt looks weird in them. Dont forget to wear sturdy shoes. That cave floor is bound to be slippery. Those boot-style shoes you have with a bit of a heel are fine. You know, classy without being clunky. And heels do make your legs look slimmer. Oh, and start off with a hooded jacket. It will keep your hair from looking too eighties Boy George, which I hate to admit, it sometimes does. Okay?"
God bless Erin. Shes a mini-version of her mom, all ready to hit the world knowledgeable, organized, cheerful, and looking good.
Two oclock came at last. Naturally, it was still raining. We drove down Tremont Street, silent as it always was on Sundays. The banner welcoming the Best Hauntings crew was sadly drenched and sagging. Bits of refuse, such as food wrappers, flyers, and paper cups, lay sopping on the sidewalks. No lights shimmered from the storefronts. Not a soul was in sight  not even the dippy-hippie, pony-tailed, hits humming wizard with his big glitzy wand. Everyone was out at McGregors farm, waiting for the great and fateful moment when Tarquin Rowley would raise his arms and summon the pensive Sara and lover-boy Burgoyne out from the mists of time.
We took the main road out to West Newmont. We didnt get far. Traffic appeared to be backed up all the way to Vermont.
"What the?" yelled Jo, rolling down the the passenger window and peering ahead. It was difficult to see anything with the steady line of campers and trucks stretching out in front of us. Drew dialed the defroster higher and sped up the wipers.
"This is crazy!" said Erin, hopping up and down in the back seat next to me. "Youd think there was a free One Direction concert going on in that cave."
"There's at least a mile of traffic ahead of us," remarked Jo, settling back in her seat and wiping the rain off her head.
"Id chalk it at three or four miles," sighed Drew. "This is insane."
"Drive around them, Drew," Jo ordered impatiently. "We are V.I.P. guests. We have to be there."
Drew argued how he couldnt possibly finagle his way through this snarl of traffic without the benefit of wings, while Jo argued back how he should try anyway. I frowned and tuned them out.
The whole thing was ridiculous. We were V.I.P. guests merely because we had uncovered Bluffing Bonnies dirty little secret. If we had never figured out that Dan Hayward was floating around town pretending to be the ghost of General John Burgoyne, Jo and I wouldnt have a pittance to do with this entire event. Instead, my ex and his new wife would have been the center of attention, beloved of Newmont, and terribly happy.
Three quarters of an hour later, we discovered what the irritating delay was. The McGregor boys had set up a booth at the entrance to the farm, and were charging admission fees to park. They had rates written in childish scrawl on spongy purple poster boards that were so wet with rain, even Erin couldnt read them.
"Dont worry about that," Jo told Erin. "We dont have to pay."
When we finally got to the makeshift booth, which we were all pretty sure was fashioned out of an old outhouse, Jo leaned across Drew and addressed McGregors eldest son.
"Were special guests of the author and the Best Hauntings crew. We shouldnt have to pay."
"I dun care if yer the great Gurge Warshington hisself," Conrad McGregor drawled through the gaping hole where his front teeth used to be. "You could be Gurges famous white horse, and wed still charge ya. So, cough up the tenspot, folks, or turn this tank around."
 You could practically see the steam rolling out of Jos ears.
"Dont worry," I sighed. "At least crazy Conrad got the right war. Frankly, Im surprised."
We had to borrow the ten dollars from Erin. Conrad said his credit card machine wasnt working due to ghostly interference. Hmm, I would think that a lack of electricity wired to his outhouse had more to do with it, actually.
We didnt drive far when we spotted the second McGregor boy waving orange flags our way, directing us to a distant field. Drew stopped the car and lowered the window.
"Why are you sending us so far off, Simon?" Drew asked nicely.
"Cos you all gots a pink sticker on yer dashbird," Simon answered slowly, chewing on a long, soggy piece of hay.
"And that means?" Drew questioned.
"Cheapskate parking. You done paid honly ten. Blue stickers are fifteen dullars. Blue gets you all closer. Purple done be the best, but we aint gots any mur purples."
"Where do we upgrade to blue?" sighed Drew.
"You gots to go to the back of the line," Simon smirked before spitting out an ugly wad of moldy hay.
We parked in the distant field. Jo realized that Drew had forgotten the camera and had a meltdown. She was ready to send him all the way back to the house for it, when a very loud noise whirled from the gray skies above. We all looked up puzzled as a helicopter, its nose pointed low, swooped dangerously close overhead.
"What the?" Jo jumped, clutching Erin to her side. Erin murmured something to the effect of "Wow, cool, " but I wasnt sure. She was smothered in Jos raincoat. The helicopter roared on by and banked sharply, returning to the general area of Kings Cavern.
"Do you think it was a news chopper?" Erin asked, once released from her mothers protective grasp.
"Whatever it was, it certainly isnt going to attract any spirits out of hiding with all that ruckus," remarked Drew, trying to balance his iPod, three pairs of binoculars, four camp stools, a large umbrella, and an extremely oversized cooler.
We divided up Drews burdens and trudged on through the field, which had begun to fill with cheapskates such as ourselves. At least the rain had diminished to a fine drizzle. When we got to the dirt road leading to the cavern, we met up with Tina, the young receptionist at Bonner, Franklin and Doran. I almost didnt recognize Tina because her hair was dyed a deep burgundy red. Tina changes her hair color more often than she changes her mind. She was with her nine-year-old son, Ryan. I always liked Tina. Shes a sweet kid, and probably the only honest and fair person at BFD, even if she was coerced into typing and rewriting Bonnies book.
"Hey, Harley," Tina smiled. "Its not the same at work without you. No one dresses like Elvira at Halloween, or brings in pizza when its someones birthday. Theyre all so stuck up now. Well, maybe they were all stuck up before, but I never noticed it when you came in and cheered us up."
She paused and sighed.
"You know, Bonnie tries to be nice," Tina went on. "She just doesnt know how. When it was my birthday, she bought me a jar of caviar the size of a hearing aid. I hate the stuff. Worst part is, Bonnie knew that. Oh, and at the Christmas party, right in the middle of a prime rib dinner, she insisted we all sit silently and watch a documentary on the 2004 tsunami, just to remind ourselves how lucky we were. Okay, I understand the spirit of human kindness and all, but did she have to do that right after her father entertained the boys with a midget stripper dressed as an elf? That Bonner family just doesnt get it. Im only sorry your ex had to marry into it. He used to be a nice guy when he was with you."
I hugged Tina, and we moved on together. I was busy reflecting on some of the good times at BFD, but not too busy to notice that Ryan was quite taken with our Erin. Now, Ryan is a typical nine-year-old boy  all awkward, gangly, and short on pretty speeches. Erin was babbling away about her science fair project done on ferromagnetic hysteresis and theoretical models. Ryan was speechless with admiration. It was truly adorable.
"Do you see what I see?" I whispered to Jo, nudging her in Erin and Ryans direction.
"Yah, but that wont last," replied Jo with a wave of her hand. "Erin is light years away from the boy crazy stage. Besides, shes older than he is. It simply wont happen."
"You never know," I whispered back and Jo frowned. Yes, I suppose we all want to keep our kids small, even when all our small kids want to do is grow up.
Suddenly, I stopped dead in my tracks. Someone was coming out from the mid-echelon blue parking section  someone I was pretty sure I knew, but didnt want to remember. He was a round little guy, talking real loud, with a buxom blonde on his arm who didnt quite fit the picture.
"Hey, its Rob Hollis!" exclaimed Drew.
Oh, man! That creepy, grunting, little toe-tapper Drew and Jo fixed me up with last December. He saw us. It was far too late to pray for spontaneous combustion. Damn.
Rob strutted over and held out his hand to Drew. He nodded to Jo, and then gave me the 1.5 over.
"Well, well," he began all sickening, smug, and supercilious. "If it isnt the woman  whats your name?  the one who told me she was dreaming up the book this woman actually wrote?"
Naturally, Rob Hollis snorted as he held up an advance copy of Saras Song with Bonnies scary hair, big teeth, over-made-up photo on the inside flap.
Drew cleared his throat, which saved me from wrapping my hands around Robs.
"Rob, buddy, introduce us to your lovely lady friend here."
"Oh, of course," Rob replied, beaming. "This is my special girlfriend, Bubbles."
Special? Special what? Special needs? Bubbles thrust her dead cold, lily-white hand out to us and started giggling and hiccupping all at the same time. Maybe thats how she got her name, cos you could have sworn her stomach was crammed full of soap. At least she had a head loaded with air to keep things adequately balanced.
After a minimal amount of small talk, geared towards Bubble's special level of understanding, we moved on. I couldnt believe the number of people before and behind us. It felt as though we were in the crowd scene of Ten Commandments when Moses leads the extras out of Egypt. It was easy to imagine that somewhere ahead, one of the McGregor boys had built a colossal, glowing golden calf. I was secretly wondering who amongst us would be selected to dance and cavort around it. Probably giggly, hiccupping Bubbles.
Finally, we reached one of the large fields in front of Kings Cavern. It was filled to the brim with concession stands and retail tables. There were artists selling New England paintings and handcrafted foods and gifts. There were also a fair number of weirdos and kooks selling supernatural stuff. Pamela was there with Herbie, hawking her newly created Orb Pies. We decided to go to their booth first.
Pamela was dressed ever hopeful for sunshine in a flowery dress with matching gloves, hat and shoes. Herbie looked like a typical slob, and Pamela seemed perfectly embarrassed by it.
"I told Herbie to dress nicely," she sighed. "Who knows what some contact with global television personalities could bring? But how will we ever find out with Herbie here dressed for a redneck shin kicking contest?"
"Were on a farm, for Chrissake," Herbie moaned before turning on his phony announcer smile for three folks buying Orb Pies.
"I cant believe the money were raking in," Pamela confided to us. "Of course, I would have given these away as promos for Herbies radio show, but the McGregors are charging two hundred dollars for vendor site rental."
"What?" choked Jo. "Two hundred dollars?"
"Yes, and six hundred for two tables together! Oh, it was four hundred if you signed up early, but since the first of the month, it went to six because of what the McGregor clan called Surplus and The Man."
"Dont you think they meant supply and demand?" asked Drew, poking his head out from under the large umbrella he was carrying.
"Oh, Im sure of it, but what does that matter? As you can see, neither the price, nor the misprint, held many people back," Pam replied, waving her hand across the vista of the field.
It was true. Vendor tables were everywhere. And in the center of it all were the McGregors themselves, represented by the youngest son, Rutger, who was selling authentically haunted rock chips out of Kings Cavern for seventy-five dollars apiece! Even ever-practical Herbie got caught up in the craze. He bought a divining rod for a hundred dollars that could easily be mistaken for a derelict piece of driftwood.
"Im going to make a pretty lamp out of it," Pamela smiled.
"Like hell you are," Herbie growled back.
Within moments, Gina and Darlene were by our side. They had been visiting the craft tables.   Darlene showed us a gem-rimmed silver bracelet on her arm. It was called a charmed bracelet.
"The artist asked my birthday, if I had any allergies or illnesses, and then told me to make three wishes. Once I had completed my three wishes, she crafted this bracelet especially for me. Its supposed to have the proper stones to ward off sickness and grant my desires all at the same time."
"Very clever," I said, holding up her wrist. "Why didnt you get one, Gina?"
"Oh, I dunno," Gina replied under her funny, floppy rain hat. "I have everything I need; theres nothing to wish for. So take a gander at what I got instead. A genuine ghost detector."
Gina held up something that looked like a cheap water gun from a kids pool party. Most of us didnt dare say a word, well, most of us except  you guessed it  Jo.
"Where the hell did you get that?" Jo demanded with her arms folded defiantly and her right foot tapping signals clear to Hong Kong.
"At a booth way over near the fried dough truck," answered Gina, cowering at Jos wrath. "The guy selling these lives in the northeast kingdom of Vermont. Hes part Native American and claims to be constantly visited by ghosts and extraterrestrials living in galaxies light-years from our own. His name is Sharktu, and he said the spirit of a conquistador advised him in a trance that a very valuable Spanish statue of the Virgin Mary is buried somewhere on his property. Sharktu makes these devices out of crushed stones from his land, which gives them the unexplainable power to detect ghosts."
"Gina," exclaimed Jo, her shoulders sagging in exasperation, "that cheap piece of crap is made out of plastic."
"Oh, it might bear a resemblance to plastic, but its made from matter that fell from outer space.  Sharktu calls it lampum."
"More like wampum," Jo replied dryly. "And its still frickin plastic!"
"Lets go," I said. "Elana and Tarquin have probably long since summoned Sara and the general out of hiding. Weve probably missed everything."
We moved closer to Kings Cavern, but not close enough. Security guards posted there had an issue with letting us through. It seems we did not know the necessary password.
"Is it Hauntings?" asked Jo.
They shook their heads no.
"Burgoyne?" I offered.
Wrong.
"Psychic?" suggested Darlene.
Guess not. Wrong again.
"Parlay," quipped Gina.
The security team reminded her they were protection guys, not pirates.
"But were guests of the author and the Best Hauntings crew!" bellowed Jo. "Ive been telling you idiots this all day. Oh, why am I having such a problem with you morons?"
"Because calling them idiots and morons is only going to land us back into cheapskate parking," Drew offered smugly under his rainbow-striped umbrella.
Luckily, just at that very moment, Ava Jane emerged from the cavern and saw us. She came up to the line of security guards and grinned, batting her famous baby blues.
"These folks are part of the inner circle, boys," she drawled happily.
I noticed Ava Jane was wearing the same clothes she had worn to the closing party at Beckwith's the night before, and I didnt need a divining rod to know why. Within seconds, Drake Kempton was behind her, hugging Ava Jane tight and whispering sweet naughties in her ear  sweet naughties that, had my dried-up overpriced pencil shavings been correct, should have been mine to hear.
Drake waved us on towards the cave. Directly above our heads, the chopper blew by again, dipping and swaying perilously close to the ground.
"What gives?" asked Drew, pointing up.
"Aerial camera crew getting opening shots," Drake answered over the din. "Come on in and put your things down. Ill introduce you to everyone."
We meandered carefully over miles of cable, dodging swinging trailer doors, and ducking wayward microphones and lighting devices on booms. Frazzled crew members were running around with scripts and clothing and electronic gadgets. Everyone was pointing and gesturing and talking very fast into, and over, their headsets. Caterers were hauling in enough trays of food and drink to entertain Burgoynes army. It was a virtual madhouse.
Stepping into the mouth of the cavern, we felt instantly transported to a Star Wars set. Special lighting had been hung from crevices in the walls and ceiling. Tech people were swarming all over the place, shouting things such as "too much echo!" and "I think we have a negative field here!" over the rhythmic roll of generators. Teds production assistants were trying to set up the camera station where it would be out of sight, swearing every time wires got crossed up, or something slipped to the ground.  There was also a group of set people attempting to make eerie shadows loom on the far wall of the cavern for effect. In the midst of it all, Elana sat perched on a very tall directors chair, perusing a script, and having her hair done.
"Elana," I said going up to her side. "This is phenomenal!"
"G & T, darling," she said without looking up.
"What?" I asked dumbly.
"Gin and tonic, nimwit," she snapped. Darlene meekly volunteered to go get her one.
"I really dont understand this garble," Elana went on, tapping her script with the tips of her freshly painted nails. "Why isnt Earle doing the intro?"
I shrugged. Elana scowled and leaked air noisily from her pursed lips. It was rather frightening.  We feared she might possibly blow up, or simply fly away. But instead, she screeched: "Why the hell isn't Earle doing the intro?"
Drake stepped forward and gently took Elanas hand.
"Now, you know we discussed this, Elana, dearest. Earle himself suggested that Newmonts historian, Colin Anderson, open this episode, and you agreed. Remember?"
Elana glared at him with vampirish eyes.
"Get my G & T now, or Ill sell you, Drake Kempton, lock, stock, and lens cap to Wicked Dead Celebrities. I swear I will. Do you hear?"
"Its quarter past four!" Ted Kentfield hollered. "Time is money  my money! Now, lets get this rotten tomato in the wrap."
We all looked at Drake questioningly.
"Ted, in his own charming way, is merely saying, lets get this film in the can. He strives to be different. Oh, and by the by, if you get stuck outside the lines again, the password is G & T. For us, thats pretty easy to remember. So, shall we leave Elana to loosen up her pre-show nerves and go back outside to watch this now infamous intro?"
We were frankly thrilled to go. Ava Jane ran up alongside me and grabbed my arm, glancing back at Drake with shining eyes full of love.
"Oh, hes a dreamboat, Harley; a positive dreamboat with a one-way ticket to ride! I never met a man so cute and sexy and to-die-for. We spent the night inside the cavern. Im in Confederate heaven, Harley, wavin my surrender flag. Rule Britannia, baby."
"Thats nice," I murmured.
I know that was lame, but what else could I say? Sure, I was a wee bit jealous, maybe, but somehow, something deep inside told me Drake Kempton was never going to be the man in my life, anyway.
We meandered carefully outside where we found Colin Anderson chatting with the Best Hauntings historian, along with library director Mike and his wife, Kathleen. Colin was all dressed up in an impressive dark blue suit. He could have hosted The Peoples Choice Awards, or at least The Price is Right.
Behind him were gathered all the current members of the Newmont Historical Society, with loudmouth Charlotte Brooks leading the pack.
One of the friendlier members, Cheryl Todd, stepped forward and fussed with Colins collar, which, by the by, didnt need fussing.
"Dont forget to mention the Tory trials, Colin," she whispered near his ear.
"Thats why Im here, Cheryl," Colin answered calmly.
"And dont be nervous that hundreds of thousands of people will eventually be watching!" added Fiona Matherson, straightening Colins tie, which, as you guessed it, didnt require straightening.
"Ill try my best not to swoon," said Colin, just as Elana Kentfield surfaced from the cave, looking a great deal sunnier in the disposition department. Miracle tonic, that gin. She waved majestically at the many onlookers and went right over to Colin, her hand outstretched.
"Elana Kentfield," she said briskly, as photographers from the local papers flashed away.
"Colin Anderson. We met at Waites Manor," Colin replied.
"Did we, now?" questioned Elana, brushing back her newly waved, shimmering locks, just as Charlotte Brooks forged ahead and stuck her scrawny, loose-skinned, vein-mottled hand out to the black velvet-clad hostess.
"Charlotte Brooks, past president of the Newmont Historical Society," Charlotte warbled from beneath the brim of her thirties-era picture hat.
"Truly," Elana smirked, ignoring Charlottes outstretched, connect-the-liver-spots hand and pulling Colin over to the spot where they were to film. 
"Lets try to do this in one take, shall we, Dearie?"
Drakes assistant said in a low, monotone voice, "In five, four, three, two" Colin began speaking about revolutionary-era Newmont and how the settlers did not take lightly to those who remained loyal to the crown. All the while, Elana upstaged him by rolling her eyes about wildly.
"Cut, cut!" she demanded, fuming. "Cut this damn shot before I have your hanging manlies cut off, too!"
"What the hell is it now, Elana?" Ted fumed in return.
"Where is the tree?" Elana practically yelled, stomping her feet.
"What tree?" Ted fully yelled, stomping his feet back.
"The tree I was promised, the branches of which would arch over the opening to this stupid, damp-as-crap and twice as stenching cave. I told you I wanted a Gothic look here, Ted. I told you, I told you, I told you!"
"I believe Ms. Kentfield is confusing her time periods here," Erin whispered. "Gothic and Revolutionary jive about as well as peanut butter whipped with salsa."
Naturally, Ryan wholeheartedly agreed with her in one word or less.
There was quite the unsettling delay while the props team hunted down the proper size fake tree for the project. Elana madly summoned for another G & T. Approximately ten people literally crashed into one other while running to get her one.
Meanwhile, it was noticed that Brilliant Star Bonnie was nowhere to be found. Someone mentioned that she and her husband had a dressing trailer nearby. I volunteered to go get her. Jo stared at me as if I had just sprung an alien from my rib cage.
"Why not?" I shrugged and went in the direction I was pointed. I didnt want to tell Jo that I somewhat owed Bonnie an apology. It would have to be a roundabout apology. I wasnt going to confess that I coerced my ex into coming to see me and gladly rolled around on the living room floor with him. Still, I needed to say sorry, without really saying it. Oh, you women know what I mean.  Enough said.
I found the correct trailer and was about to knock on the door when I heard Bonnie inside gushing to my ex how much she loved and adored him. He wasnt saying anything in return, but that didnt matter. What did matter was the silence that followed  a heavy silence that made my knowing heart sink. I wasnt in the mood to witness the trailer rocking and rolling. I pounded on the door. Bonnie opened it, wrapped in what appeared to be a window sheer around her naked, stick-thin body. She seemed genuinely shocked to see me.
"Theyre waiting, you stupid bitch!"
There. That was some apology. I turned and walked away feeling very self-conscious that despite anything sweet Erin could say, my butt looked awful in these jeans.

Back at the mouth of the cave, the set design crew had been called in to fabricate a freaky, Dark Shadows type tree  one that perfectly suited Elanas bizarre vision for the opening introduction. Colin was about to recite his history of Newmont for the nineteenth time, when Brazen Bonnie finally made her appearance, appropriately attired for Oscars night.
"What the hell is this?" Elana demanded, breaking up yet another take, and looking my nemesis up and down with utter scorn."What gives you the ballsy opinion Id stand next to a tawdry reject from a cheap escort service?"
"This  this is television," Bonnie stammered. "I thought we should look good."
"No, Princess Spring Summer Fall Down, I look good. Your job is merely to look interested in anything and everything I say. Now go change into something a great deal less Barbie Goes Broke, and be back here in five minutes, or this show tapes without you!"
The crew shuffled their feet and glanced at the ground as Bonnie fled by them, choking back big crocodile tears. Theses staffers were obviously accustomed to Elanas insulting ways. Elana clapped her hands and ordered one last go at the intro.
"Otherwise," she said leaning into Colin and breathing Bombay all over him, "its on the cutting room floor. I cant abide wasting this much tape on something people are going to use as a convenient time to run to the loo."
You could see the Historical Society folks blanching. Elana was truly rude. Colin didnt say anything, although you could see the great retort forming in that brilliant brain of his.
"Tarquin Rowley is here," announced one of the crew.
"At last!" exclaimed Ted, throwing his nervous hands up in the air. "Seriously, Elana, I dont know why we put up with that silly twit."
Elana silenced her husband with a deadly stare. We watched as Tarquin emerged from a stretch limousine. He was smartly dressed in a black suit with a black silk shirt and midnight blue tie. They could have been playing the Werewolves of London song as he sauntered through the crowd in the rain.  His hair was indeed perfect.
Tarquin stood where yellow police rails cut off the masses and waved and blew kisses. Maybe, just maybe, Tarquin Rowley was the reincarnation of Marilyn Monroe. He strode over and took his place next to Elana, bigger than life. The scent of his expensive cologne overpowered the stale air in the cave, and his teeth seemed bright enough to guide every last one of us out of a total eclipse. I glanced at Jo.
"Yah, but can he sew?" she murmured, and I laughed.
No one moved a muscle as Colin recited the opening speech most excellently. When Ted announced that it was a take, the crowds roared with applause. Then we all went inside.
"This is it?" our charismatic psychic uttered flatly, looking about.
"Yes, it is rather provincial, isnt it, Tar?" Elana purred.
Ah, is that it, I wondered. Were Elana and 'Tar' having a spiritual fling? Well, if so, she was merely one of many spectral visitations on his nightly list.
"I was expecting a lot of those multicolored crystals that take millions of years to grow in caves," pretty-boy Tarquin sighed. "You know, stagtights and mites."
"I think you mean stalactites and stalagmites," Erin corrected.
"Thats what I said," Tarquin huffed.
Erin was about to disagree, but Jo stopped her.
"Dont confuse him, sweetie. His hairspray might start to smoke," she whispered, just as Bonnie burst back onto the scene.
We all held our breath. Bonnie had obviously exchanged wardrobes with Pamela. Bonnie was now in Pamelas summery outfit with matching hat, gloves and shoes. She looked ready for a southern rich bitch society fundraiser.
"Youre ever hopeful," Elana muttered, and then sniggered, just as a great roll of thunder reverberated in the distance.
"Forget it, forget it," Ted growled. "Lets just film the goddam thing before the storm knocks the power out."
Just for effect, the mega-watt lighting around us hummed and dimmed briefly before climbing back to full power. The crowd gasped. All we needed now was a Fourth of July fireworks finale.
I leaned into Jos side. "Where do you think Dan Hayward is?" I whispered.
"Good question," Jo whispered back.
At that very second  I kid you not  a clipboard flew by Tarquins head and landed with a clatter on the table near Drake and his crew.
"Did you see that?" I breathed. "That clipboard! It just flew through the air!"
"The clipboard! The clipboard!" Charlotte Brooks shrieked, as the rest of the Historical Society chimed in like an agitated gaggle of seagulls.
"Were the cameras on?" questioned Drake, anxiously. "Did anyone catch that?"
"Did anyone catch that?" ancient Charlotte echoed, and the rest of the gang chanted along with her, wildly pointing this way and that.
There was quite a flurry of activity as the production staff checked camera angles and viewed playbacks. No, no one had captured that moment. Surprisingly, I was the only one who truly saw it.
"I just felt a chill!" screeched Charlotte.
No one really reacted. Charlottes age is numerically higher than her weight fully dressed with lead-toe boots. Of course she felt a chill. Drake announced that everyone needed to calm down or wed be there until midnight.
Ted positioned Bonnie to the left of Elana. Bonnie wanted to be on the right, as she claimed it was her better side  however, Elana won out because her right side was supposedly her best. Meanwhile, Mike Granter and his wife stepped up behind us. I think they were overjoyed to be getting as far away as possible from ringleader Charlotte.
"I know youre nervous," Drake said soothingly to Bonnie. "But dont think about being on television; just be yourself. Try not to look directly into the monitor. Only Elana does that. And remember, were not live. If you screw up, well do it over, okay? Only, I am going to suggest that you take off the gloves. Were in a cave, not at a garden party. Theyll only be distracting to our viewers.  Sound fair?"
Bonnie nodded and clumsily removed Pamelas lacy summer gloves. Her face was terribly flushed.  Someone got Bonnie a glass of water. I glanced around. My ex was nowhere in sight.
Two of the tech crew held up signs towards us that read Silence. Good luck instilling that into chatterbox Charlotte. The long past Historical Society leader felt it her duty to verbalize the Silence signs to each and every person present. Drakes assistant moved to the side of the camera and repeated in his rhythmic voice, "In five, four, three, two"
Elanas sarcastic expression suddenly turned all seriousness as she looked straight into the camera and introduced the latest happenings at Kings Cavern, here in idyllic Newmont, New Hampshire, as earth-shattering and heaven-moving. She discussed the possible true love story that might have blossomed between the sweet songstress, Sara Warner, and the tempestuous General Gentleman, Johnny Burgoyne. I had to admit her delivery was flawless.
Elana introduced Bonnie Straker as the muse that breathed life back into this bittersweet tale between two classes of timeless lovers. Bonnie was apparently very uneasy at first, allowing Elana to do most of the talking. But soon she warmed up and started chatting freely  almost too freely.
"Oh, yes," Bonnie was cooing as though Elana was such the longtime gal-pal, "The Civil War was such a desperate era in colonial New Hampshire."
Everything came to a screeching halt. Behind me, Mike Granters voice was the only thing to be heard.
"Holy shit," he groaned, summing it up for pretty much everyone present.
"In effect, Bonnie is right," I stammered, and Drake tapped the closest camera guy on the shoulder, moving him in my direction. I pasted on a shaky smile and continued. "Oh, I know the general populace thinks of the Civil War as occurring in the eighteen-sixties, however, the War for Independence was equally a civil matter, wrenching loyalist and patriot family members apart  pitting brother against brother, father against son - and so on."
"Excellent save," Mike whispered. Everyone relaxed. Best of all, Bonnie was grateful. I could see it on her face.
Taping stopped momentarily while Drake and his team set up the next camera angles for shooting.  Ava Jane stood by my side, clutching my arm and watching Drakes butt. Bonnie came over and said thank you to my face. She and I were even now. We could go back to our usual state of low-level animosity without owing each other anything. Glory, glory, major league halleluiah.
Jo was about to step in and save me from any further discussion with Bonnie when a cold wind whipped up from nowhere and seemed to swirl around us. Before we knew it, and could even fathom a chance to understand it, a shimmering orb hovered over our heads and floated out of sight.
"There, there!" I shouted, which naturally, Charlotte Brooks and her group picked up in a heartbeat and repeated ad nauseam.
"Did you see that?" I asked, trying to ignore the fact that our once respected Historical Society was, at this very instant, dancing about a cave in search of something that could have easily doubled for good witch Glinda sailing out of Oz.
Bonnie shook her head. She had not seen it. But Jo immediately affirmed that she did. Of course, Elana, Tarquin and the film crew missed it completely. However, a quick replay of the film showed that Drakes crew had caught the mysterious traveling circle of light. The crowd reacted with a great gasp of amazement.
The Silence signs were lifted once more. The air was charged with excitement. Tarquin was about to be introduced. We waited patiently while a bevy of wardrobe gals swarmed about him, making sure he was sheer perfection. Giggling stylists fluffed his hair. A blushing young girl handed him a mirror so he could check his movie star teeth. Then everyone cleared the decks.
Tarquin took his place again at Elanas side. I believe Jo and I gulped at the same time. This was the moment everyone was waiting for. I wondered where Dan Hayward was hiding, and Im sure Jo was asking herself the very same thing.
We werent the only ones. All around us, glassy eyes were fixed anxiously on the hollow, darker regions of the cave. We realized what these carefree Brits did not. The reputation of Newmont was hanging on nothing more than a mystical flash made up entirely of smoke and mirrors. It wasnt a particularly comfortable feeling.
Drakes assistant gave the countdown. Elanas face lit up as she introduced the uncontested, world-renowned psychic, Tarquin Rowley. Yep, it was more than obvious that these two were  what do the  clever English call it?  shagging? Elana closed by assuring the viewers that Tarquin had no previous knowledge of todays surroundings. Yah, right! We all looked at Colin. Colin coughed as quietly as possible and studied the tips of his shoes.
Tarquin stepped out into the middle of the cave, seemingly positioning himself center stage. He pretended at first to sense nothing. He feigned great annoyance that not even the slightest hint from the beyond was coming through to him. We all held our breath. This show had a huge chance of sinking lower than bat shit if something spectral didn't beam up fast.
Then it happened.
"Sara" a deep voice resounded from the murky regions of the cave. Everyone gasped. The plaintive voice repeated. Tarquin appeared terribly surprised for a split second, but recovered quickly, putting out his arms and closing his eyes tightly.
"Joe, what is it? Who is it?" queried Tarquin in a show of deep concentration. Elana leaned into the camera, explaining in hushed whispers that Joe was Tarquins three-thousand year-old guide in the veiled, spiritual world beyond. Even Elana seemed erratically on edge.
"Sara" the desperate echo rang louder. Within moments, it was answered by a tremulous "Oh, Sir, is that you?" Everyone gasped again.
Tarquin Rowley began pacing about in circles, rushing his fingers wildly through his hair and ranting about a general who stood before his commanding officer and claimed: Issue the orders, Sir, and I will storm hell.
Oh, oh! I thought. This wasnt Burgoyne. General Johnny Burgoyne was far more interested in the safety of trucking his valuable champagne across the vast Vermont wilderness than he ever was in storming any place closely resembling hell.
 A misty green glowing light began to ebb from a pitch-black tunnel. Tarquin raised his arms and called out for John and Sara to appear. Somewhere, a mighty wind began to moan. Meanwhile, to complete the atmospheric set conditions, thunder rolled and lightning sliced brightly through the troubled skies.
The arc lighting on the walls of the cave fluttered and flickered. The cavern air grew thick with a damp chill. Outside, the cold rain fell in little shards of ice against the rock walls of the cavern.  Everyone huddled closer together as the faint lines of a tender song drifted up through the darkness.

I sing of a well near an old willow tree,
I sing of the love that was taken from me

"Sara," gasped Jo.
"This is absolutely incredible," I whispered hoarsely, as a shadow played across the green glowing light, and General John Burgoyne stood glaring at us from the far wall of the cavern.
Of course, it was Dan Hayward. At least, I hoped it was Dan Hayward. The green light helped in hiding his human face. Everyone stepped backwards. Even Elana scurried behind the camera crew, squealing about how truly frightened she was.
"Sara" he moaned in a deep, theatrical voice and began stepping backwards. This was an excellent plan. Tarquin was still spinning around, believing that he alone was conjuring up spirits. It would be best for Dan to get away before Tarquin turned and tried to touch him. Meanwhile, Saras song continued to float towards us from the cool depths of the cavern.

I sing of the ship that sailed oer the sea,
I sing of the crossing that never shall be

This was wild! Dan was doing a terrific job. He walked slowly backwards, raising his arms and warning us to stay away, and to leave him and his precious Sara in peace. The crew hung back, cameras rolling.
Then suddenly, a pulsating, electric blue light began to spark upwards from the ground near Dans feet. Dan hesitated for a brief moment, a trifle unsure. The light grew in size. It shot upwards and dissolved in a flash to reveal an American Revolutionary War general. Wow, my ex must have dished out a fortune for these kickass special effects!
"Is that Bobby Wright?" I murmured hurriedly to Jo. "Do you think thats Dans pal, Bobby Wright, playing George Washington, perhaps?"
Tarquin Rowley suddenly turned and pointed towards me. One of the cameramen followed his lead and turned his focus our way.
"It is you he seeks," Tarquin spoke as if in a trance. "It is you. He is mad with desire for you. He is mad"
Oh, my God. Mad? That was the American Revolutionary General, Anthony Wayne  nicknamed Mad Anthony because of his ability to wage war without sleep. Now, what the heck was he doing here?  Why would my bastard ex hire Bobby Wright to portray an American general who was fighting miles away at Monmouth, while Gentleman Johnny was up here hacking through the swamps of Vermont and swilling down priceless French bubbly? This was really throwing a wrench into things. But I did have to admit Bobby made a far better ghost than Dan did. Why, you could almost see right through him!
"General Anthony Wayne," I said aloud, and the so-called specter began to move towards me.  Eerily, it was almost as if Bobby  or whoever this was  was actually floating in midair. It was unreal!  We could feel a chill rush sweeping before him. It smelled of the grave. Boy, whoever put this stunt together really knew their stuff. I tried to play my part and nervously stood my ground.
"Penelope?" he uttered, only his mouth didnt move. Unbelievable. "Come back to me, Penelope."
With a fantastic burst of light, he disappeared completely before our eyes. This Mad Anthony Wayne just up and vanished! We watched as Dan Hayward stood there in the background, literally shaking. Then he turned and ran as though demons were hounding him into the darkness.
There was a long pause before anyone spoke.
"Wow!" we heard Rob Hollis say. "That was some show! Now, wheres the singing chick? Ill bet shes really hot!"

Most of the crowds had long gone home. Britains Best Hauntings crew was cleaning up as Drake Kempton came over and pulled me aside.
"That was the wildest thing Ive ever seen," he admitted.
"I agree," I laughed, not quite sure why. It certainly had been one hell of a roller coaster ride these past few months.
"Speaking of wild," Drake began, lowering his voice and looking around to make sure we were alone. "Why dont you and I get together at the manor later tonight, and see what we can summon up between the two of us."
He drew back and watched my eyes expectantly for an answer.
"Huh?" was all I could manage.
"Sure, baby, you and me. Cmon, stop playing coy. You know you want to," he said in a slow, liquid warm voice that would have been oh-so seductive if he wasnt such a sudden, reeking pile of crud.
"What about Ava Jane?" I blurted. "Ava Jane is my friend."
"Yes, A.J. was a great deal of fun. I always wanted a feisty southern dish. And now that Ive had one, my taste is turning towards some good ol fashioned Yankee hospitality."
"Oh, really?" I returned, shaking my arm free from his grasp. "Well, go and look up Grandma Moses, manwhore."
I marched outside the cave, trembling with rage. An evening sun was shimmering through at last.  It was rather pretty  all burnt orange, cranberry red, and rich gold. I studied it for a few minutes, giving myself time to relax. I was so engrossed, I barely heard Jo calling my name.
Jo waved me over to where she was standing with Mike, Kathleen, Colin, Gina, and a couple I had never seen before. Definitely not Newmont folks. She was a down-to-earth, yet elegant blonde, somewhere in her fifties, but easily passing for early forties. He was an artistic, dramatic type with a magnetic smile. He had a talent for speaking with his hands.
"Harley, youre just in time to meet John and Carol Waverley. They are the caretakers at Rivercrest  you know  the artists estate just up the River Road in Cornwall?"
Oh, yes  the sculptors mansion way up on a hill. I visited once, years ago. I wasnt all that proficient at comprehending the stories behind all the statues, but I do remember wolfing down two helpings of Opera Cake at their garden caf, after which my ex called me an unmitigated hog.
"Of course," I smiled, shaking their hands. "Rivercrest is a beautiful place."
Kathleen nervously pushed her dark hair from her face and looked at me through her gentle blue eyes.
"We were just talking about you, Harley, you and Jo. You see, I volunteer at Rivercrest a few days a week, working in their gardens. Carol and John have done a wonderful job running the place. Did you know it encompasses one hundred and fifty acres? Anyway, we were mentioning your name, because we have a rather unique problem up at Rivercrest."
"Besides trying to keep a hundred and fifty acres manicured, what could that possibly be?"I jested.
"We've just begun work on a pageant in honor of Rivercrest's sculptor, Loren Chandler. You see, one hundred years ago, the Cornwall colony of artists put on a masque all about the gods and goddesses in honor of Chandler, who, they discovered, was dying. We found the original script, and had hired a writer who has been reshaping it in Chandler's studio. And from the moment he started, we've strangely encountered -"
Kathleen looked to Carol.
"Ghosts," Carol Waverley supplied, holding her hand to her heart and looking first one way and then another.
"Ghosts?" I repeated.
"Ghosts," Jo smiled.
"You were really something in there, Ms. Straker," marveled John Waverley. "We saw how you commanded things to happen. And that specter of General Anthony Wayne  he only wanted to communicate with you."
Carol Waverley stepped closer to us and whispered.
"That is why, well, we were wondering  that is, Kathleen suggested  perhaps you and Mrs. Bennett could come up to Rivercrest for lunch next Saturday," ventured Mrs. Waverley. "We could discuss in better detail what is happening at the estate. We'd love to take care of this before too many paying guests start seeing things, and our reputation for prized, uncommon clay turns to mud."
I glanced at Jo who returned my gaze evenly before saying, "I told them how we were the perfect ghost-hunting team, Harley. I explained how weve been working for weeks on this particular case involving the general and his long, lost love, Sara."
"Oh  oh, yes, of course," I sputtered, producing a brave smile.
I hadnt considered it, but maybe Jo was right. We were damned good ghost hunters  well, at least a damned good team. We could learn to be good ghost hunters, and Rivercrest  whatever it held  might be a good proving ground.
Ghost hunters. What would we call ourselves? J. Bennett & H. Straker, Consultants on Manifestations of the Paranormal? Nah. That was too long, and besides, the abbreviation sucked.  COMOTP. What the hell was that? Thats why those spiffy TV investigators had TAPS. The Atlantic Paranormal Society. So what would that make us? Northern in the Woodland Interior Telepathic Specialists, or NITWITS for short?
I had to admit, though, the concept was exciting. Besides, my personal writing career had been legally stifled. I was being compensated as Bonnies ghostwriter, as it were, and nothing more. No, this would give me the chance to be somebody, go places, and perhaps meet up with an eligible guy who hadnt been dead for over two hundred years.
"All right, you have it," I replied. "Lunch, next Saturday. And by the by, if you need an expert toga maker, Gina Gilbert here is the best by far."
Gina was invited along, as well. We agreed on a time, shaking hands, and as we did so, the Best Hauntings camera crew strode by us with their first round of equipment to be packed away in the truck. Drake gave me the cold shoulder. Big deal. And good riddance, Britannia boy. Go rule someone else's waves.
Then, somewhere nearby, a classic engine rumbled. Id know that good sound anywhere.
I looked out towards the field and couldnt believe my eyes. A jet-black classic Mustang, closely resembling my cherished 65, was heading towards us with the horn blaring. It came to a stop, and my ex got out and stood by the door.
"Hey, famous ghost-hunter lady," he called to me. "May I speak with you a moment?"
I walked very carefully towards the car. I knew it wasnt mine, but it was as close as could be called a kissing cousin. I stood silently before him, my eyebrows arched questioningly.
"Dont you just love it?" my bastard ex chuckled, spreading his arms wide. He was beaming like a kid at a carnival. "I couldnt believe my luck in finding one exactly the same as the car we had together.  Well, here it is!"
I leaned inside and took in the gleaming white interior. No sickening sweet smell of lavender. Now that was a blatant sign.
"Im happy for you," I said, and I meant it.
My ex glanced over towards the group I had just been conversing with and then back to me. "Hey, Harley, we need to talk."
"Sure," I mumbled, kicking at a loose clump of hay with the toe of my boot. I knew what was coming. He wanted to hash over our recent events  from his morning visit to my rude arrival at their trailer door when he and Bozo Bonnie obviously had more intimate things on their minds. He needed to inform me this was it. I would be advised never to call, or rely on him for anything again. After all, my settlement of twenty percent of Bonnies take on all the books she was about to sell should be more than satisfactory to someone like me. This was a typical lawyer thing  seeking closure. Well, goodie, goodie for him. To my way of thinking, only bloodsucking winners ever found closure.
"I had a bit of an argument with Bonnie today," he confessed, and I ducked my head even further, knowing fully well I was in for a huge blasting. "I probably should have told her I went to your house yesterday morning. Anyway, she knew all about it  guessed it  I dont know. Ill never know how you women guess these things."
Funny, but I never guessed he was leaving me to go back to Bonnie. Never. And what if I had? Would it have really changed things?
"Im sorry," I said, struggling to blot out the sudden what ifs that began to whirl about in my brain.  "I didnt mean to get you in trouble. It will never happen again  any of it. Okay? So, tell your wife to dry her tears and get on with the business of being a big time writer."
"Harley -"
I wasn't sure I wanted to hear what he had to say.
"Its going to be real easy for her to sell books when this episode hits the airwaves," I sighed.  "Youll be going on book tours. Europe will be exciting. You and I never got there."
"Harley -"
He hurt me so bad. For weeks, months even, I was numb with pain. Rejection is like a cancer. It eats away at you until no chance of recovering your self-worth is at hand.
"Harley!"
He annoyed me. Men who can easily toss everything aside and start over really annoy the hell out of me.
"Look, Im thrilled for you. Really, I am. How many people get to have a second chance at what makes them happy?"
"Harley!!"
I just wanted to stop thinking. Frustrated, I pushed him away.
"You are so lucky!" I fumed. "You got to go back and marry the girl of your dreams. You bought this car. Youre well on your way to being twenty-two again. You get to live the best part of your life all over. So stop wasting time here. Theres nothing left to tell me. Now, go and have fun, dammit."
"Harley!!!" he practically shouted, taking me by the shoulders.
"What now?"
"Youre right about one thing. I do want to live the best part of my life over again," he said simply, his eyes reaching out to me in a way I had not witnessed for a terribly long time.
I looked from him to the car and back again, and said nothing.
He let go of me.
"You really dont get it, do you?" he said with a tiny, ever hopeful laugh.
"Believe it or not, I do."
Time stood still for a brief instant in that mystical way I only imagined happening in books. All I could sense were his eyes, the sunset, and the insane way my heart was pounding too fast for words. I shook myself. His eyes, the sun, and the pounding in my chest were still there. It was real. What the heck was I waiting for?
"Now get out of here," I whispered, and looked away.
"What - Harley - don't you understand what I'm saying?"
"Go," I managed. And then I watched as he dejectedly drove away.
He really is a bastard.

"What was all that about?" I could hear Ava Jane's voice saying through the jumbled fog in my brain.
"Was that your ex?" demanded Jo.
"How romantic," sighed Gina, just before Jo jabbed her in the ribs.
"Are you okay, Harley?" whispered Perfect Pammy.
"Never better," I managed.
"Are you sure?" asked Pammy, her big baby browns welling up with tears.
"Of course she's sure," interjected Jo, folding her arms defensively. "Besides, Harley's life is only looking up from here - isn't it, Harley?"
"That it is," I vowed. "Onwards and upwards."
"So now what?" grinned Ava Jane, throwing her arms wide.
"What should we do to celebrate?" asked Gina.
I thought for a moment.
"Let's take a power walk," I finally replied.
"A power walk?" echoed Jo, stupefied.
"Yup."
"You want to take a power walk?" scoffed Jo.
"Yup."
"You'd take a power walk over a pomegranate martini?" wondered Jo, with total disbelief.
"I'd go for a power walk in the direction of a pomegranate martini," I answered smugly.
"Sounds like a solid plan to me," chimed in Gina.
"Oh, but I have to change my clothes," advised Pammy.
"You always have to change your clothes," said Jo.
"Well, let's stop standing here like stagnant, scummy pond water, and get a move on," suggested Ava Jane.
We all laughed.
And away we go.



####
The end



What those in the know have said about High Spirits

"You'll laugh your head off. I did."
The Headless Horseman, Sleepy Hollow, New York

"The one story I didn't sleep through."
George Washington, Fairfax County, Virginia

"Perfect companion for a long cruise."
Crew of the Flying Dutchman - Somewhere over the North Sea

"High Spirits was our first hit book club read. Rifled through it. It was a blast!"
Al Capone & the Gang, Alcatraz

"Harley is hot!"
General Anthony Wayne - Lake Memphremagog, Vermont

"Personally, I think Jo is the character with it all. Bon Apptit!"
Julia Child, In spirit at the Smithsonian


If YOU enjoyed High Spirits, please let others know by posting your thoughts at your favorite retailer's site.
Thank You!
Mary


INSPIRATIONS

Seven years ago, and greatly impressed by Janet Evanovich's hilarious Stephanie Plum series, I wrote the original High Spirits as a fundraiser for the library I worked at - the Fiske Free, in Claremont, NH.
In Claremont, we have a historical location known as Tory Hole, where those who remained loyal to the king hid out from the 'crazed rebels' around the time of the American Revolution. While the spirit of General Burgoyne seems to prefer college settings, such as Harvard and Smith, Mad Anthony Wayne has been reportedly seen often in Vermont, possibly due to his attachment to a certain lady, Penelope Haynes of Montpelier.
The first High Spirits had a great deal more adult humor in it, and while I will always find such novels amusing, a revisit to my tale somewhat proved to me that, in this story anyway, R-rated writing wasn't really necessary. The characters and the laughs stood up just fine on their own.
So, I've altered some of the characters, places, situations, and even the first edition ending. That's the beauty of online publishing. It's a whole new world.
So, for those of you who purchased the printed copy of High Spirits, I now offer an alternative tale. I hope you, as well as all you new readers, enjoyed this fun little yarn about best friends, Jo and Harley, their pals, and their interesting, and sometimes 'out of this world' life experiences.


ABOUT ME

Recently relegated to the role of a freaked-out empty-nester, I began writing again to make up for the missing laughter and teenage conversation around the house.
A theater arts specialist, and hobby historian, I love creating upbeat, true-to-today stories that invitingly incorporate the past.
At present, I am sketching out the next Jo and Harley adventure, while reworking a romantic historical novel I had published back in 1999. I live in Massachusetts, with my ever patient husband, Terry.


OTHER BOOKS

Liberty Fair

Set in a young America over the summer of 1825, Liberty Fair is the story of a village turned upside down as it prepares a pageant in honor of the last surviving general of the American revolution, the Marquis de Lafayette. This fanciful tale features silly dads, savage stage mothers, and a full cast of spirited young ladies to either cheer on, or hiss at. Add to this mix a handsome young writer, and two best friends at odds over his affections, and you have a historically based romantic comedy that easily entertains, and warms the heart.
Inspired by actual events when Lafayette visited Claremont, New Hampshire during his 1824-1825 tour as our Nation's Guest, Liberty Fair offers a lively glimpse into New England's picturesque past. With its easy flowing detail about daily living, fashion, food, speech, and manners, Liberty Fair is perfect for nostalgic readers, and additionally a welcoming choice for that dreaded required historical reading project. 

Here is a preview of Liberty Fair -

CHAPTER ONE
In which curiosity plagues the parrot
FALL 1824


The afternoon was fine and warm, however Mrs. Owen Billings had little interest in the way the bright vermilion sun dappled the golden trees, or how the soft autumn breeze caressed the rolling blue river. Her only concern on that blissful October day was how to reach her cousins house without being spotted by that dratted Drusilla Jenney.
Little did Grace Billings realize, her desperate hopes were dashed. The dratted Drusilla had already spied her from behind the musty lace curtains of her parlor window.
"I wonder what shes about," grumbled Mrs. Jenney, "bustling by like a puffed up pigeon. Why, its a marvel her stays dont burst."
Mrs. Jenney put down her chipped teacup and pushed her nose to the windowpane. It would be just like Grace Billings to have a delicious secret and not share it with her. Undoubtedly, Grace was off to see her incorrigible cousin Frances, who reigned supreme over the neighboring farm estate of Ellsworth. By the profound speed with which Grace Billings was moving, this was a colossal confidence indeed. Drusilla Jenney watched as her wily neighbor scurried out of sight, the arched pink feather atop her lavish hat dancing above the hedgerow.
Within seconds, the swift thinking Drusilla had formulated a plan. She rushed to the front hall.
"Girls! Girls!" she cried. "Come quickly, I need you!"
Mrs. Jenney, having once been a player upon the stage, possessed a voice that could easily penetrate plaster. The tenor of her lungs never failed to ruffle the parrot in the parlor  a shivering relic of a bird named Snub  who invariably squawked whenever Mrs. Jenney bellowed. Mrs. Jenney bellowed often.
The first to arrive was her eldest daughter, Selena, a fine-looking young lady, slender of build, with keenly expressive eyes.
"What is it, mamma?" Selena uttered, just as the youngest, Eliza, flew into the foyer. Eliza had been napping on the window seat when she ought to have been attending to her penmanship, and her face was aglow with slumber and guilt.
"Yes, what is it, mamma?" asked Eliza, hastily covering her misdeed with an artist-worthy gaze of daughterly affection.
"I want to transport the flowers by the front door down to the end of the walk," their mother answered decidedly.
"Mamma, I was writing a letter to Cousin Lydia," pleaded Selena.
"And I was  practicing," added Eliza in her sweetest tone.
"Can this not wait, mamma?" Selena begged.
"No, no, it cannot," declared Mrs. Jenney, as she paced to and fro. "The flowers will not last. Their delicate petals are drooping. We must move them into the sunlight immediately, if not sooner. Where are Charlotte and Louisa Jane?"
"Charlotte is walking, and Louisa Jane is in the morning room reading Mary Shelleys Frankenstein," informed Selena.
"Why would anyone prefer monsters to a day as glorious as this?" Mrs. Jenney implored, as old Snub shrieked from the parlor beyond. With sound determination, Mrs. Jenney propelled her two daughters towards the morning room door. "Louisa Jane! Louisa Jane! Put down your cheerless book at once, and join us in the garden."
"But mamma, I have barely begun the story. I am at the part where Victor is in a laboratory, studying a dead mans brain."
"Then that is a pure waste of time, my precious, for few men dead or alive have much  if indeed any  actual brains to study."
Louisa Jane rolled her rich mahogany brown eyes and closed her book.
"Coming, mamma," she relented, for there existed absolutely no chance for argument.
In the time it took to locate acceptable aprons, gloves, and sunbonnets, there was a bustle about the house so pronounced it lured Mr. Jenney from his study.
Mr. Martin Jenney was a London born, balding man of fifty, with a slight build, and an acid tongue. He rarely smiled. In fact, Mr. Jenney refused to smile in public, for grinning, he vowed, was an art form reserved for village idiots alone. Mr. Jenney felt most at ease with a scowl upon his face. His well-practiced glare shielded him from dull conversations with terribly dull people. The fact that his wife and daughters were seldom daunted by his gruff demeanor was of little consequence to him.
"My dear wife," he began, his proper British accent still apparent after better than two decades in the wilds of New Hampshire. "My dear wife," he repeated, for vexing his spouse was such happy sport, "pray tell what all the rumpus is about."
"Rumpus, Mr. Jenney?" questioned Mrs. Jenney. "A rumpus, sir?" she repeated, solely to vex him in return. "The only rumpus in this house is a personal crusade to maneuver our pitiful chrysanthemums into the light."
"Have our flowers suddenly gone agnostic?" he returned calmly.
"Mr. Jenney, you sadly misunderstand me," his wife lamented.
"Mrs. Jenney, I have gladly misunderstood you for four and twenty years," was her husbands dour reply before disappearing once more into the depths of his study.
"Thats five and twenty, Mr. J.," sighed Mrs. Jenney through the door. Then smiling, she turned to her daughters. "Come along, girls!" she chanted as Louisa Jane fumbled with the ties of Elizas oversized bonnet while dashing down the hall. "There is work to be done!"
The Jenney ladies made a handsome sight parading down the walk in their full skirts, frilly aprons, and floppy but fashionable hats. Mrs. Jenney insisted on her girls looking sharp, even when dwindling finances prevented them from wearing the latest in style. It was her stage training, perhaps. A spirited young lady could excel at pianoforte, parlor vocals, or painting agreeable little images on rocks, but to Mrs. Jenneys way of thinking, it was the costume that made the first and most lasting impression.
"The flowers, mamma  we are walking past the flowers," noted Selena.
"I am merely scoping out where to plant them," Mrs. Jenney murmured, her eyes more intent on scoping out whether or not Mrs. Billings was on her way back from Ellsworth. The lady was not. Satisfied, Mrs. Jenney took a deep breath and turned to her daughters.
"Here is a marvelous spot, I think."
"Mamma, this is dangerously close to the road," observed Louisa Jane.
"The better to be admired by passing guests," her mother smoothly replied.
The women went to work. Selena removed her gardening gloves, for she worked less clumsily without them, she claimed, and commenced to hum Arabys Daughter rather prettily  if not incessantly. Louisa Jane contemplated aloud how she could assemble a Frankenstein creature of her own with odd bits of clay, string, pins, and hinges, while Eliza demurely pondered what kind of cake they would be having with tea. Only Mrs. Jenney remained silent  unusually silent that is, until Mrs. Billings and her monstrous hat came bounding into view.
Mrs. Billings was a small woman who used her facial expressions in a large way. Therefore, it was apparent, even from yards away, that the woman was thoroughly displeased with the barricade set before her. As she ventured towards them, Mrs. Billings could be observed considering all possible routes of escape before accepting the dire inevitable.
"Ah, Mrs. Billings," Mrs. Jenney called out cheerfully as her neighbor gingerly made her approach, "such a delightful day, is it not?"
"It is," Grace Billings replied stiffly, and she stopped to watch the ladies handiwork with a curious arch of her brow.
"We are moving the flowers before they freeze," supplied little Eliza from beneath the brim of her oversized hat.
"Freeze?" echoed the ever-knowledgeable Mrs. Billings. "Good heavens, but were weeks away from a frost. Mr. Billings has correctly predicted blights for over thirty years. Why, to speak the truth, my husband is a walking almanac."
"How charming," cooed Mrs. Jenney with an award-winning smile.
There followed an uneasy silence, which Selena elevated by humming.
"Have you been to visit your cousin?" inquired Mrs. Jenney.
"Indeed," was all Mrs. Billings would admit.
"And how did you find your cousin?" persisted Mrs. Jenney.
"Tolerable," was all Mrs. Billings would affirm.
"Indeed," returned Mrs. Jenney, her feigned smile swiftly crumbling. "And her daughters?"
"In excellent health, thank you."
"I trust plans are moving forward for Miss Meg Ellsworth to marry your exceptional son, Garrett," said Mrs. Jenney sweetly.
"That subject has only recently been introduced," allowed Mrs. Billings, her eyebrows arching remarkably higher than before.
"It would be a lovely thing," lied Mrs. Jenney, for in her eyes, Garrett Billings was an absolute dunderhead.
"I must be getting back," announced Mrs. Billings. "My husband insists on having his tea no later than four oclock. He invariably becomes quite the fuss when it is not so."
"Why don't you collect Mr. Billings and enjoy tea with us?" proposed Mrs. Jenney, all politeness.
"I believe were having glazed plum cake," Eliza added, ever hopeful.
Grace Billings' eyes traveled from Selena's dirty hands to the dingy, unpainted look of the Jenney's front door.
"I thank you, Mrs. Jenney, however, we have much in the way of private matters to discuss at home." And with that, Mrs. Billings readily took her leave.
Drusilla Jenney could barely contain herself until her snobbish neighbor was out of sight.
"Upon my word!" she muttered, when suddenly a new ruse seared through her brain. Mrs. Jenney dropped her trowel, and picked up her hem. "This way, girls, come along!" she commanded, catching up Elizas hand, and moving briskly towards the door.
"But mamma!" moaned Selena.
"What about the flowers?" cried Louisa Jane.
Mrs. Jenney waved her arm. "Those infernal weeds can rot for all I care!" she proclaimed before practically catapulting the breathless Eliza over the threshold.
Selena and Louisa Jane had little choice but to shrug, put down their gardening tools, and follow their irrational mother inside the house.
"Bess!" Mrs. Jenney was calling at the top of her lungs. "Bess, my girl, where are you?"
Snub was the first to respond with an ear-splitting screech. With this, the kitchen door swung wide, and a young maid of fifteen, with long, waving hair, and as Irish a face as it is possible to have, appeared in the hall.
"Yes, madam?" she mumbled contritely around her mouthful of biscuit.
"Bess, I want you to bring the remainder of our sponge cake as a treat to Mrs. Ellsworths cook immediately."
"The sponge cake is stale, madam. The master said it was only fit for patching stone walls," the girl solemnly professed.
"Then what about the glazed plum cake?" inquired Mrs. Jenney.
"No, not the plum cake!" pleaded Eliza, who had been dreaming of her special treat all day. "Please, mamma!"
"The glazed plum cake it is. Pay a visit to Mrs. Ellsworths cook, and by all means, accept her offer of a cup of tea. And while you slowly sip your tea, my girl, do your best to discover what Mrs. Billings visit was all about  discreetly, of course."
Bess was muttering in confusion as Miss Charlotte returned from her afternoon walk. Charlotte was the Jenneys second daughter, and for better or worse, most like her mother in appearance and character.
"Mamma," began Charlotte, "why are you in such a state?"
"Oh, my treasured Charlotte, it has been a matter of the utmost importance, and you not here to help your poor, frantic mother."
"Whatever is wrong, mamma?"
"While you were strolling along the riverbank, my child, aimlessly making pretty pictures out of the clouds, that dreadful Mrs. Billings dared to pass this house and withhold a confidence from me."
Charlotte hesitated. "Is that all, mamma?" she managed at last.
"Is that not enough?" her mother fumed in reply. "We are speaking of a secret  a dire, hidden revelation, which may thoroughly affect all your futures."
"How can you be sure Mrs. Billings was keeping that sort of a secret from you, mamma?" asked Selena.
"Its the way she averts her gaze, my darlings. When she wants to hide something from me, Grace Billings turns her head and pretends to ponder something stupendous on the horizon. And just this very afternoon  not only did Mrs. Billings appear to be counting needles on the pines  she practically ran by our door like a terror-stricken rabbit, straight to her accursed cousin's house. No, something is up, and I must know what it is."
Mrs. Jenney paused briefly before fixing her attention on her two eldest daughters.
"Selena, Charlotte  you must go at once and visit Meg Ellsworth."
"Mamma! My letter to cousin Lydia!"
"Mamma! I have just walked three miles!"
"Cousin Lydia can wait, and an overabundance of air will liven your eyes," Mrs. Jenney decreed, ushering the protesting girls towards the stoop. "Now, go! Go and see your truest friend and neighbor. The poor creature is being promised to Garrett Billings, and is in dire need of comfort. Think of it, girls  your cherished acquaintance chained to a second cousin for the rest of her unnatural life. Think of their children  a drooling, deranged lot, with huge ears -"
"Mamma," cautioned Louisa Jane.
"True  yes, do not dwell on such unpleasant thoughts without first determining what Mrs. Billings came to impart. Meanwhile, Eliza and I will replant the remainder of our withering blooms, while Louisa Jane reads aloud about an extraordinary man in possession of a brain."
All were off like a shot. Only old Snub was to be heard hollering as the front door closed with a resounding thud.



CHAPTER TWO
Involving a rather formidable tea


Ellsworth was the finest farming estate in all of Liberty Fair, owing to the merino sheep craze that had taken much of New England by storm. This particular breed of sheep had been deftly smuggled out of Spain by American consul William Jarvis, who resided across the river in Vermont. The prized wool, being particularly soft and unyielding to water, sold well at Liberty Fairs famed Waverley Mills. This, along with tidy profits from western land speculation, maintained the Ellsworth name in the upper crust, or beau monde, as Mrs. Ellsworth herself preferred to say.
Meg Ellsworth was the eldest daughter, a soft-spoken, agreeable beauty with a variety of accomplishments and little pretense. Meg was delighted to see her neighbors, for her day had been dull, and even practicing her charming new piano had not cheered her. Miss Ellsworth embraced her friends as though they had been separated for months and not the mere three days it had actually been, and called for tea.
"How is your dear mother?" inquired Meg.
"Little changed," sighed Charlotte.
"And your father?"
"Hes locked himself away in his library," admitted Selena. "He claims that living with my mother has inspired an intensive study of sainthood."
Meg tried her best not to laugh. She liked Mrs. Jenney despite her flamboyant behavior. Perhaps it was because of her flamboyant behavior that Meg enjoyed her so. Her own mother was dramatic in a different way  a way Meg did not readily admire.
"And Louisa Jane?"
"Reading, as always," smiled Selena. "Her current novel is about a natural philosopher named Victor Frankenstein who creates a living man."
"Imagine if we ladies could create our own living men," giggled Meg.
"It would be a wise thing to do in this village, where we outnumber any eligible males by at least a dozen to one," bemoaned Charlotte.
"I would design a man who was destined to be king," Selena divulged with a grin. "Then I'd live in a castle and eat Christmas goose and chocolate all day."
"Think how fat you'd be," grimaced Meg.
"And bored," added Charlotte.
"All right, then  not a king perhaps. However, I do insist upon a worldly man  someone smart and sophisticated," revealed Selena decidedly.
"I'd model a man who loved to travel," said Charlotte. "That's what I want to do  travel. There's really nothing  or no one  to keep us here, now is there?"
"Except Garrett," sighed Meg.
"Lets not dwell on that now," the sisters practically voiced in unison.
"How is darling Eliza?" Meg ventured instead.
"Quite exhausted. She stayed up half the night naming the new barn kittens," explained Selena.  "You know how Eliza must christen every living creature on our farm. The kittens still resemble a huddle of tiny mice, so Eliza came up with Bopsy, Dropsy, Flopsy, Mopsy, Shivers, and Boo."
"Boo?" questioned Meg, enthralled.
"Tiny Boo is perfectly white with two black dots directly above its eyes. Shivers has done nothing but tremble since the moment it was born, poor thing, so that name sparked simply enough. But how Eliza will tell Bopsy, Dropsy, Flopsy, and Mopsy apart is well beyond all of us."
"Remind me again as to why your parrot is named Snub?" asked Meg.
"Snub is older than tomb dust," Selena enlightened, "therefore, Eliza did not name him. Father did. Snub was his bird to begin with, and had a different name, so we were told. But when fathers parrot met our mother, he began to imitate her, and ignore father completely. Thus the name."
Tea, the second to be presented that afternoon, promptly arrived. The Ellsworths humorless butler, Wilson, presented it. Hailing from Scotlands bustling Glasgow, Wilson viewed New Hampshire as a vague netherworld hovering somewhere north of purgatory. He often felt his superior standards were wasted on these newfangled Americans, nevertheless, he continued to perform his duties with somber dignity and grand aplomb.
Thus, with a flourish of white linen and the proper placement of highly polished silver, Wilson pointed at the tea cart as though it were a roped-off work of art. For certain, it was. The sparkling plates held dewy fruits and savory cakes. The glimmering teapots steamed the air with fragrances of spice and chocolate. The Jenneys rarely enjoyed a fashionable tea at home, in truth, they were fortunate if the cracked plates were clean and the fare close to edible. Accustomed to stage props, Mrs. Jenney was easily satisfied with clever facades, and therefore cared little for social convention. In any event, there would never be a butler with gleaming white gloves and a glaring frown in the Jenney parlor  only Bess with her unruly hair and her vacant, but continuously cheerful, expression.
The young ladies paused as Wilson passed the teacups. Selena was about to reach for hers when the prudish butler perceived the grime beneath her fingernails. Wilson clucked his tongue and placed Selenas teacup silently on the side-table, causing Miss Selena to blush and nimbly tuck her soiled hands under her skirts.
"How was your afternoon, Meg? Any interesting visitors?" inquired Charlotte with studied nonchalance.
"Only Mrs. Billings came to call. Its been such a dreary day."
"Yes, Mrs. Billings wanted so desperately to tell us something, but she was running late," began Selena, casually. "Perhaps, Meg, you can tell us what it was?"
At that very instant, as in all cases when one wants to bury one's nose into business that is not their own, Megs mother entered the room.
Mrs. Ellsworth was a regal, round little woman whose youthful beauty still clung about her face, and particularly within her stunning, catlike eyes. Her dress was distinctive, her manners impeccable. To witness her, one might have to be reminded that she had grown up in decidedly humbler circumstances.
"Miss Selena, Miss Charlotte, what brings you to Ellsworth?" Mrs. Ellsworth uttered indifferently as she crossed the room towards the glistening windows where her hair and gown could be best admired.
The sisters proceeded to give two altogether different answers at precisely the same time.
"I see," Mrs. Ellsworth replied coolly as she plucked an inferior flower from a tall crystal vase.
"Mother, Selena and Charlotte were wondering what news Mrs. Billings had to share."
"Indeed? Why?"
Mrs. Ellsworth was a woman of few words, and in her household she expected her rare utterances to be feared and obeyed. Selena swallowed hard, and carefully went on.
"Mrs. Billings was about to tell us something rather important, but realized she had to get home to Mr. Billings. As she appeared so passionate, we merely thought we would ask you, Mrs. Ellsworth."
"I see," was the equally careful response.
"Yes, you would have to ask mother, for I was practicing Beethovens Sonata quasi una Fantasia, and could not hear what was being said," attested Meg.
Mrs. Ellsworth turned from the window in a portrait-worthy pose and pretended to think.
"We discussed which merino ewes were going to tomorrows Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair," she finally revealed with an insincere smile. "I cannot begin to think what could be so passionate in all of that, as you Jenneys have not participated in any livestock competitions for years. However, there you have it. Meanwhile, Meg, finish your tea. We must determine your costume for tomorrows event. Your father believes the sheep will show best with you attired in silver and blue."
There remained little choice but to render a few minutes of light conversation and leave. The girls hugged their cherished friend and set off for home.



CHAPTER THREE
Demonstrating how a secret between two people
cannot possibly last more than two hours


Louisa Jane read aloud from her Frankenstein novel:

"Darkness had no effect upon my fancy; and a churchyard was to me merely the receptacle of bodies deprived of life, which, from being the seat of beauty and strength, had become food for the worm. Now I was led to examine the cause and progress of this decay, and forced to spend days and nights in vaults and charnel-houses."

It was then Mrs. Jenney spied Selena and Charlotte emerging from Ellsworth.
"That is an amiable story, Louisa Jane, and so very uplifting, but now, we must hear from your sisters."
"Oh, mamma, when is tea?" whined Eliza, for she had had enough of dirt and worms and tales of lunatics rummaging through gloomy graveyards.
"Soon, my precious, and what a feast you shall have  cucumber sandwiches, creamed tea, and glazed plum cake!"
"There is no plum cake, mamma," sighed Eliza. "You gave it to the Ellsworths' cook."
"Knowing that household, I can practically promise you that their cook will send Bess back with an Ellsworth plum cake, if only to prove how superior they are. So dont you fret, my little one. As Lord Polonius says in Hamlet: though this be madness, yet there is method in it. Ah, what a show, and I was an outstanding Ophelia, I truly was."
Eliza was about to prompt her mother for more details, but found herself silenced by a sharp look from Louisa Jane. At five years Elizas senior, Louisa Jane had suffered more than her fill of her mothers overblown stage stories.
Fortunately, by this point, Selena and Charlotte had nearly reached the walkway. Mrs. Jenney gave them scarce time to breathe before demanding the details of their visit.
"Meg was wearing an exquisite ivory lace dress," reported Selena.
"She was practicing Beethoven," Charlotte added.
"And the tea was terribly elegant," remarked Selena.
"Until Wilson noticed the garden soil under Selenas nails," sneered Charlotte.
"Enough of butlers, Beethoven, and lace," exclaimed their mother, impatiently. "Tell me what Mrs. Billings said."
The girls shrugged.
"Extreme little, mamma," allowed Charlotte.
"As Charlotte related, Meg was practicing her piano and did not hear Mrs. Billings news."
"Mrs. Ellsworth told us they merely decided which ewes to bring to the fair tomorrow."
"Megs mother was in the room?" cried Mrs. Jenney. "Then it is by divine intervention you learned anything at all! Why, if Frances Ellsworth had her way, Id scarcely know what day of the week it was. Oh, girls  think! For my sanitys sake, do try to recall each and every word that was uttered."
"You know Mrs. Ellsworth, mamma. She barely strings more than three words together, and what she does utter is ten times more frigid than ice."
"She did say I see, more than once," offered Charlotte, trying to be helpful.
"Oh, but when she managed to say the most, it was about the fair, and how we never go. It ended with Mrs. Ellsworth saying Meg had to finish her tea and determine tomorrows attire."
"For an agricultural fair?" questioned their mother, caustically.
"Yes, mamma," answered Charlotte, "and it was rather peculiar, for Mrs. Ellsworth said Meg would look best next to the sheep wearing silver and blue."
Mrs. Jenney furrowed her brow.
"Only the Ellsworth women are eccentric enough to dress like Dresden shepherdesses for a little barnyard brigade," she surmised. "But there has to be something more to this  ah!  there is Bess. Surely she will know."
The maid was unmistakably on her way back from Ellsworth, and Elizas eyes lit up like diamonds when she saw that Bess was indeed carrying a teacake as promised. Eliza jumped up and down and clapped her hands, as Mrs. Jenney waved at Bess to walk faster.
"Hurry, lass - you're slower than molasses in January!"
"Sorry, madam. Its only that Im chock-full of cake and spiced tea," admitted Bess, grinning.
"What kind of cake is that?" asked Eliza, gazing longingly at the wrapped bundle.
"Never mind that now," interjected her mother. "What did you learn, girl?"
"Plenty!" replied the maid. "Why, I didnt even have to ask what Mrs. Billings said. Most of the staff was having tea, madam, and there was talk of nothing else."
"I wish we could have our tea," whimpered Eliza.
"Later, child. Now, go on, Bess, before my nerves fray and burst through my sides."
Bess took a serious moment to envision her mistress exploding, shook her head, and drew breath to begin.
"Mrs. Billings came to say that a young gentleman arrived from Wales yesterday. He is nephew to the Sanborn sisters, and heir to all that is Waverley Mills. His mother is their youngest sister, Genevieve, who left years ago to be educated in Europe, and became an accomplished performer with the Italian opera. His father is,of all things, a baron. Their estate in Wales is a centuries old castle, with gardens that would rival Versailles. The young man's name is Alonzo Hewes. He is a novelist, twenty-seven years of age, exceedingly handsome, and single. His sister Cora is with him. It is said that she, like her mother, has the ethereal voice of an angel. They will be introduced to the finer farming families, as Mrs. Billings phrased it, tomorrow at the Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair, where, it was added, an announcement of great importance would take place  no, not Hewes' engagement  but rather something to do with a distinguished guest visiting our village in the near future. That, I believe, is the gist of it."
The maid paused, terribly pleased with herself.
"Dressing for the witless sheep indeed!" Mrs. Jenney huffed, folding her arms. "I told you there was something afoot, and there is! An eligible bachelor of good standing has come to Liberty Fair, and our neighbors want to keep him for their driveling daughters alone!"
"Mamma," cried Selena. "I thought you liked Meg Ellsworth."
"I adore her. However, Meg has to marry that imbecile Garrett, so she doesnt count. But remember, Meg has two needy sisters, not to mention a pair of Billings cousins that couldnt find a husband even if one fell out of the blessed sky and crushed them!"
"Mamma," protested Charlotte, "Megs sister Anna is far from needy, and Madelyn merely four. As for the Billings girls, they are such sweet creatures. How can you condemn them so?"
"Thats the point, entirely!" Mrs. Jenney proclaimed. "All Mary Billings has to do is flutter those doe-like eyes of hers and our esteemed bachelor is done for!"
"Mamma," said Louisa Jane sternly, "Mary Billings is twelve."
"And Alonzo Hewes not yet thirty," their mother wailed in return. "He can wait for her!"
It was at this instant that yet another of Drusilla Jenneys infamous ideas galloped through her head.
"I have it, girls, come along! There's precious little time!"
"Time for what, mamma?" implored Charlotte.
"Whatever are we doing, mamma?" beseeched Selena.
"We are entering something of our livestock in tomorrows fair."
"We havent time!" argued Louisa Jane.
"We havent had our tea!" reminded Eliza.
"Louisa Jane, go fetch your father, for he obeys you best. Have him find the Cheshire Agricultural Society papers  I believe we attended six or seven years ago  and meet us in the barn so that we might select which of our animals are going to the fair."
Mrs. Jenney marched the other girls around the front of the house as Louisa Jane, resigning herself to her fate, went to inform her father his counsel was required in the cow barn.


Thank you for reading a preview of Liberty Fair. For a full copy, please visit your favorite ebook retailer.


CONTACT

marycarterauthor@gmail.com
