 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bibliography

 
 This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogue are drawn from the authors imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
 
 This book was originally published in the United States of America in 2012 by Aero Studios. 
 
 Nikolas & Company Episode 3: The Foul and The Fallen. Copyright  2013 by Kevin McGill. All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced. Any other form of reproduction may not be performed whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. For information, please email at theaerostudios@gmail.com.
 
 FIRST U.S. EDITION
 ISBN B00D73QA1A
 
 Designed and illustrated by C. Carlyle McCullough/Aero Studios. Arcadius Extraordinarius original image by Pete Stoppel www.solos-art.com
  
 















 



  

Contents
Chapter One: Blue Moon Days
Chapter Two: Grimmelwalds Grief
Chapter Three: Miss Emmas Invitation
Chapter Four: Portlorn Forlorn
Chapter Five: Helens Hex
Chapter Six: Nikolas Holds Ugly Helens Hand
Chapter Seven: Birth of The Dryads
Chapter Eight: Polythana Speaks
Chapter Nine: The Creature Most Foul
Chapter Ten: Way of the Dead
Chapter Eleven: Tweeling & Hocgagers Home For Huronite Orphans
Chapter Twelve: Ictree Brag House
Chapter Thirteen: Arcadius Extraordinairius
Chapter Fourteen: Marionids
Chapter Fifteen: Kings Highway Confessions
Chapter Sixteen: Call of The Lionsbran
Chapter Seventeen: The Lie of The Merrows 



 



 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 For My Jenny

 
 

 

   


 Decemberist 2nd. Monday

 
 
   ikolas watched the snow pile up against the livingroom window, every fleck whispering pit, pat, pit, pat. The wintry brilliance made him squeeze his eyes twice. Instead of a dull white, the snow shimmered blue, which hurt to stare at for too long. During Hurons winter months, Mons residual magic froze with the snow, turning Huron Valley into an icy indigo. The Huronites called the season blue Mon days. It marked the end of school and ushered in the Festival of Lights, which also ushered in the Ferret Festivala day Nikolas dreaded. It was the deadline Dr. Mendesmuss gave for Xanthuss gorgon infection. Without a cure, he would turn to stone.
 And all Nikolas could do was watch.
 The Council of Teine had forbidden him from finding a cure. 
 He turned his gaze to the parlor couch at the far end of Manor Minors west wing. Xanthuss foot poked out from a layer of afghans. Being Xanthus, one would expect a rotund shape under the blankets, but it was nearly concave. Months of fighting the gorgon infection had left him emaciated. 
 The heap of afghans trembled as Xanthus mumbled about the cold. Yeri rushed across the room holding a yellow blanket. Soon, Xanthus would complain about the heat, and Yeri would be back on his feet stripping the blanket from him. Strangely enough, the gorgon infection hadnt worsened for Yeri. His skin was still slightly gaunt with spindly pockmarks. More than that, the stagecoach driver refused to take any of the tongue-of-galley-trot, insisting that it be saved for Xanthus. 
 I dont want to go . . . Xanthus groaned while Yeri tucked in the blanket. 
 There, there, Mr. Kobayashi, Yeris comforting tone echoed throughout the quiet house. You never have to leave us. Your friends are here. 
 Please, Xanthus said. I dont want to go . . .
 The infection attacked the mind, Nikolas discovered. Just last week, they found Xanthus wandering through the forest screaming like a raving lunatic. They had to subdue him with a powerful rue elixir before he would calm down. Xanthus claimed a voice called him to join the rest, and he was trying to run away from it. Nikolas considered telling his friends about the incident, but they ignored any news concerning Xanthuss illness. Ever since the Council of Teine threatened to throw Nikolass friends into a workhouse if they got involved with his illness, they refused to bring it up. Usually they would deflect Nikolas, pointing out that Dr. Mendesmuss would find a cure any time now, so theres no need to worry about any of that. 
 Nikolas flexed his palms. His fingers ached from clutching the Harynnes nuncio for too long, but he couldnt bring himself to put the book down. The nuncio was a book filled with sketches and notes by the Harynne. It reported the elven guards activities in real time, helping him track the gorgons movement across Huron. Scanning it for the gorgons attacks had become an obsession for Nikolas. Every day he would wait patiently for a page to flash red. When one lit up, he would flip to it, almost ripping the book apart. Without fail, the nuncio was sketching a Merrow with hands raised, mouth open. Much like Mr. Waters, their skin looked like jellied fat, leaving no insides to speak of. The nuncio would then report that a troop of mermen unexpectedly appeared and took the transmutating body away to ensure proper stratification and placement on the streets of Huron alongside the other stone-Merrows. After awhile, Hurons stone-Merrows multiplied into the thousands. Citizens began to avoid Kings Highway, Muntly Boulevard, and any other road that displayed those horrid stone carcasses, as one dwarf woman described them. 
 Among the many sketches of transmutating Merrows, Harynne officers also reported their frustration:
 

   

 But Nikolas had only one questionthe obvious one: Why does the gorgon only attack Merrows? 
 When Nikolas would show Tim, his fraternal twin brother, all of the Harynnes worried notes, hed dismiss Nikolas, saying, Its great that we have the Harynne. . . . Theyll take care of everything. . . . We should leave it up to them and just focus on school. 
 When not attending Huron School Houses remedial class, Nikolass friends were forced to spend the remainder of their time cooped up in Manor Minor or risk being dragged away by the Harynne to the nearest orphanage. 
 In spite of seven teenagers being trapped into one place, Manor Minor felt like a ghost house. Everyone had adopted his or her own part of the manor. Tim dutifully did his homework in his bedroom, dutifully studied the medicinal elixir books Dr. Mendesmuss had given him, and not so dutifully snuck out with Brandy to hit the social life when he thought Malmedy wasnt looking. Helen spent most of her time in the stables practicing the Call of the Lionsbran on Portlorns flute. Caroline did what she loved to doshadow Malmedy in the kitchen. And Daniel spent his waking hours in the library where he threw himself into books on Mons magic, philosophies, bestiaries, and anything else that would ensure him class transfer for second semester. Daniel believed a U.S. government virtual program had set up the remedial class as an assessment of Daniels capacities. If he could test out of remedial class, the assessment would end and he would be unplugged from the Huron construct, as he called it. Daniel would find Xanthus completely healthy and everyone else returned to the safety of the refugee camprelatively speaking.
 Then, there was Jack Gorringe, son of the evil Sheriff, Silas Gorringe. After a week of uncomfortable nods in remedial class, Nikolas decided that if the Council of Teine was wrong about him, then they were definitely wrong about Jack, even if he was the son of the Sheriff. In spite of Tims protests, Jack stayed at Manor Minor more nights than not. 
 The parlor was the only room not occupied by all of Nikolass friendsbecause that was Xanthuss room. None of his friends wanted to be in that room. No one wanted to watch their best friend slowly turn to stone. 
 Nikolas wondered how they could just pretend nothing was wrong when Xanthus left dead skin and clumps of hair everywhere. Malmedy would clean up the discards, mumbling to herself, Something gotsta be done. Something just gotsta be done. But Tim would fire back, The tongue-of-galley-trot sure has some interesting side effects. At least we know its working.
 Nikolas wasnt surprised; people were the same everywhere. All worried about the next shopping sale, ignoring the hemorrhaging boy at their feet. Still, he never thought the hemorrhaging boy would be Xanthus, and that the shoppers would be his friends, his best friends. 
 It made him sick. 
 So, all Nikolas could do was watch fall become winter and watch Xanthus turn to stone.
 You cant just stay cooped up in here like an old hen, Master Nikolas, Yeri interrupted Nikolass train of thought. The stagecoach driver from the Nuus village was leaning against the parlor door, arms folded. His lanky body reminded Nikolas of a pod of beans. 
 Nikolas shrugged. Im good.
 Forgive me for saying so, but no youre not, sir, Yeri said. And thats not good for Xanthus. He needs his friends to be high of spirit. You are nothing but that. Go on. Be with your friends. Get outside of this drabby old shack. 
 Theres nowhere to go, Nikolas said. 
 Beg your pardon, Master Nikolas, but Malmedy would disagree from here to Sunday. She gave you a chore list as long as my arm while shes off to the city. 
 Nikolas looked to the mantle. Malmedy had left everyone a laundry list of things to do while she was off on holiday. Being the master of the house, Nikolass list was three times as long. 
 Now me and Xanthus here, we can get on without you. Take that list and do something with yourself. 
 Nikolas stood up and trudged over to Yeri. Guilt about the list had been building over the last week. Grand had left him in charge of Manor Minor, and Malmedy reminded him of that before she left to her relatives. Nikolas hadnt even bothered to look at it. He snatched it from Yeri.
   

 That was just the front side. 
 Nikolas sighed, Alright, fine. Ill get my coat. Try to be back before dark.
 Im coming, too, Xanthus croaked from the hallway. 
 Master Kobayashi, Yeri protested. 
 Xanthus set a bottle of tongue-of-galley trot on the shelf. I downed half-a-bottle. Could puke it up if Rug gets grumpy, but other than that, Im good. 
 Yeri squared his shoulders. Forgive me, but
 Youre forgiven, Xanthus said. Look, dude. I cant lie around here for another minute. Theres a great big fantasy world out there, and Im stuck in here. If Im going to die, I dont want to die looking at paisley wallpaper in some girlie tearoom. I want to see the world. If I go on to glory while clutching the mane of a flying Pegasus, well, awesome. Getting out of this house is your idea anyway, Yeri. Thats what you told Nikolas.
 Yeri said nothing for a moment, then nodded slowly, You are right. You are also indefensibly morbid, but you are right, nonetheless. Well, well need to summon a proper carriage then. I cannot allow you to ride atop a throw rug out in this weather in your condition. In the meantime I do believe Malmedy has a few hexed overcoats in the broom closet just under the stairs. Theyll keep you warm in any condition save a black ice storm.
 
 
 
 

   


   oices barked and balked, battered and bellowed throughout the Mt. Lyceneus crowd. Three-foot talons and gentlemens riding boots and brackish toenails of troll packs mushed the blue snow underfoot. It looked to Nikolas that every creature from the valley villages to the Huronite boroughs had turned out for their Ferret Festival shopping. A minotaur laughed in the face of an over-confident marionette shopkeeper, and three blackhounds sniffed at a rack of sizzling hamhocks, looking ready to skip the whole, pay-for-what-you-eat, step. At the moment two Rickaboos (which were froggish creatures that seemed to be all legs and mouth) were hounding at Nikolass feet, offering a slightly used Mr. Teetums tonguenoculators, which had been hexed by the finest families of Huron. The tonguenoculaters had an iron ring that spread the lips into an oval, much like a dentist. It also had a silver conical contraption that was supposed to slip over your tongue. To showcase their tonguenoculator, they had forced it into the mouth of a glowering waxy-haired teenage boy. The two Rickaboos explained that Mr. Teetums Tonguenoculator was perfect for transforming your mothers coma-tongue inducing tasteless stew into a gourmet party in your mouth. Though, not recommended with black licorice or weevil jelly. Both had been known to react negatively to the tonguenoculators hex and turn the tongue into blubbery puss. They would even throw in a nice set of rubber clamps for the tongue, instead of the conventional metal clamps. Yeri told them to get lost, using the heel of his muddy boot to make his point. They scurried around Xanthuss wheelchair and onto the next teenage boy, with the hopes he suffered from his mothers cooking.
 Xanthus and Yeri began chatting about the hordes of fantastic creatures, but Nikolas had very little to say. Being out here with Xanthus in this weather only made him feel more agitated. He didnt want to spoil the fun, though, so he told himself to find something he might enjoy, some point of interest. The word, Fly, came across his view. 
   

 Tin cars in the shape of the half-boat, half-animal aeros, were jettisoned into the air by small rockets. Children were strapped in and wearing goggles just like the ship captain, Grimmelwald. They hollered as the tin aeros swirled and flipped through the air.
 There, Nikolas said, half to himself. Lets go over there. They began to cross the street, when he saw an older man. He recognized the wilted hair and drabby clothes. 
 Hey. Nikolas stopped walking. Isnt that Grimmelwald?
 The old mans shoulders tilted with the aero fliers, and he clapped his hands together. He rose up on the balls of his feet, as if he wished to fly the aero himself. The man turned around to the crowd, but he didnt see Nikolas. Instead he looked around nervously, as if he were doing something bad. 
 Isnt thatthat ship captain from the Mottle Craw, Nikolas said. When we crossed the tether? Im pretty sure thats Grimmelwald. Hey, Grimmelwald! Nikolas waved his hands. Grimmelwald!
 Grimmelwald turned. His flickering eyes zeroed in on the voice. He stared at Nikolas, trying to puzzle out this young mans face. Then he stuttered, M-master Nikolas? A smile grew, his missing teeth a set of train tracks across his mouth. Master Nikolas! Grimmelwald lunged at Nikolas, who was thrown on his back heel. My friend, Master Nikolas Lyons. How have you been? Youve grown a foot and ten! Look at you, just look at you. How long has it been? Why, last I saw you was on the Mot A shadow rolled over Grimmelwald. His fingers stayed firmly gripped to Nikolass shoulder, but his head fell to the side. 
 Wheres your ship? Nikolas said. What happened to the Mottle Craw, Grimmelwald?
 Ive lost her, Mr. Lyons, Grimmelwald said. Nikolas could see his pruny adams apple shaking as he tried to keep back the tears. Oh, Ive lost her. She was sold off to some scaliwags after my arraignment. They took her from me. 
 Why? Nikolas said. 
 It was all that business with the foul creaturethe one who attacked your friend, Xanthus, I believe. By the way, how is the boy? 
 Ive been better, Xanthus said. 
 Grimmelwald almost didnt hear the voice, but when he saw Xanthus, his arms dropped to the side. My dear boy. Youre just bone upon bone. And your skin? Did the creature do this to you? 
 Xanthus nodded. 
 Its a gorgon. Its turning him to stone. 
 My dear, lad. Grimmelwalds brow bent. He dropped to one knee in the muddy ice. And under my watch. But what could Ive done? That flight was cursed, I tell ya. It has darkened everyone involved. It even got the prime minister of the Merrows, Mr. Shale. Turned him into stone, I hear. You know they held me responsible. And now Sheriff Silas has stripped me of my ranking. Sold my sweet Mottle Craw to a gang of thieving
 The Sheriff! Nikolas said. 
 Oh, now boy. Do not get angry, do not get angry. Grimmelwald fanned his hand. I was the Captain of the Mottle Crawit was on my shoulders. Though I cannot bear to live without her. It is our fate, we Dujinnin. Our people are meant for the mud of life, while the Merrows are meant for the stars. But I deserved to be stripped, and any other punishment due me. I am such a weak, spineless man. I miss her so much. He turned a tear-streaked face to Nikolas. 
 Who? Nikolas said. 
 Who? Grimmelwald grimaced, then looked to the mechanical flying aeros. He paused, watching the kids leap up and down in their tin carriages. The Mottle Craw. I think about her everyday. My love is most likely abused beyond hope, beyond life. Ive lost her, dear boy. Ive lost everything. He bowed his head, letting the tears drop onto the cobblestone. Nikolas looked to Xanthus and Yeri. Neither one of them knew what to do. 
 After a few minutes he breathed, straightened his shoulders, and turned his sad eyes to Xanthus. Forgive me. Just an old man blubbering all Grimmelwald stopped, his gaze fixed on Xanthuss earring. Where did you get that? 
 Xanthus tilted his head. Get what?
 The earring. Where did you get that earring, boy? Grimmelwald stood shakily to his feet.
 My mom gave it to me, Xanthus said. On one of her rock tourer, musical tours. She got it from a shop in Afghanistan. Um, Earthside.
 Grimmelwalds cheek corners squeezed together. He studied Xanthus for a moment. Finally, he spoke. That is false, Mr. Kobayashi. Your mother got that from a Merrow, if I live and breathe the deep jynnus. 
 She what? Xanthus said, now touching the earring self-consciously. 
 A Merrow. Your mother got that from a Merrow. 
 Thats the same earring you lost on the Mottle Craw, Nikolas said. When that gorgon attacked you. 
 Yeah, Xanthus said. But it really couldnt have come from a Merrow, Nikolas. We both know that is totally impossible. 
 I guess, Nikolas said. Then again, we are standing on a magical moon tethered to an ancient Earth. 
 Id bet my teeth on it, Grimmelwald said. I should know. They enslaved my people, the Dujinnin, for thousands of years. We became quite familiar with their commodities and valuables. Every Merrow, big or small, young or old, rich or poor, carries that exact earring. They either wear it as a necklace or earring. It is made of sulmare. Odd though, it is usually in the shape of a mermaid. Wore this on the Mottle Craw you say? How did I not see it. Allow me? Grimmelwald held his boney hand out. 
 Xanthus shrugged and handed the earring over. 
 Yes, yes, Grimmelwalds voice sounded like a moan. These legs were fins once. Theyve been worn down, and so have the scales. See here, theaighh! Without warning, Grimmelwald suddenly bent back and forward at the waist. The earring spun to the ground. Nikolas put his hand out to steady the aeroship captain. 
 Oh, dear, Grimmelwald wheezed. Ive been found out. 
 Grimmelwald, a voice came from the road. The crowd parted to reveal the Merwoman, Mrs. Parcels. Her automaton spider legs hissed as the pneumatic pistons strained to lift her heavy frame forward. Nikolas remembered her. How could he forget? She was the one on the Deep Council who forbad him from finding a cure for Xanthus, under threat of sending his friends to the nearest orphanage. 
 On seeing Mrs. Parcels, Yeris mouth turned downward, and he clenched his fists, nervously. It seemed strange to Nikolas for the stagecoach driver to be afraid. He wasnt at the Deep Council. Had they met before?
 Tell me, Grimmelwald  Mrs. Parcels raised three thick fingers and tugged at the air. An invisible hand picked Grimmelwald off his feet and threw him chin first at her mud-speckled spider-legs. Did your Magwich measles suddenly cure themselves? Or did you lie to me to get a sick day, again? You stupid Dujinnin. The pearl-of-devotion knows when youre lying! She raised her flabby arm up. Grimmelwald lurched into the air, levitating by his stomach. Her face swelled with rage and she pulled her arm back as if to throw something. 
 If Nikolas had a conscious thought about his next move, he wasnt aware of it. He launched at the merwoman and grabbed her doughy wrist. He had put a little too much lean into the hold and she began to teeter back, her fin whipping up and down for balance. 
 Get your hands off me you mole-spotted liverworm! Hes my slave! The chubby merwoman couldnt hold her balance any longer and crashed into the mud. Glop flung everywhere, and the automaspider legs reached into the air. They wheezed and whined, trying to right themselves up. The chubby merwoman looked like a turtle thrown on its backside. 
 Let him go! Nikolas said.
 You stupid boy! Mrs. Parcels snarled. She squeezed the air and Grimmelwald screamed, clutching his stomach.
 Stop that! Nikolas raised his boot and rammed it through the joint of her spider leg. There was a metallic crunch and hot air blew everywhere. Let him go! 
 You boil-riddled rat tail! You do not understand the pearl-of-devotion, Mrs. Parcels spit. He is mine. The pearl-of-devotion means hes devoted to me! If the scum betrays me, he is seaweed and kelp. And he cannot run for every inch of his miserable Dujinnin body is leashed to me! She squeezed her hand and Grimmelwald cried, as a demonstration. So remove yourself from my presence or watch me squeeze the life out of this Dujinnin filth.
 I dont care! Nikolas screamed so loud his voice cracked. He began slamming his foot into her automaton legs, his bowler hat rolling to the ground. I dont care! I dont care about your stupid threats anymore! You and Sheriff Silas and the Merrows, youre all monsters! Go ahead and try to kill him. Ill kill you! Go ahead! Please, I dare you! Try to take my friends away. Try to stop me from curing Xanthus. See what happens. If you even touch one of my friends, I will hunt you down and make you pay! Nikolas picked up a broken automaton shin and lifted it over his head. 
 She raised her hands in horror. The crowd gasped. 
 Ill make you pa! 
 Nikolas! Xanthus yelled. Dude. Stop. Please, dont do that.
 Nikolas felt hot, even his tears burned. He wanted to drop the broken leg down on Mrs. Parcels face. He wanted her to feel what Xanthus was feeling, what he was feeling. 
 Pain. 
 Please, man, Xanthus said. Im going to turn to stone and die. I dont want to go knowing everyones been shipped off to a workhouse because of me. I justI just want to have some fun.
 Its not fair, Nikolas said. You dont have to go. We dont have to lose you. Its stupid. So what if theyre sent to an orphanage. At least well all be alive. 
 Please, Xanthus said, but his voice trailed off. He was too weak to form an argument. That only made Nikolas angrier. 
 Mr. Lyons, Grimmelwald said. She is allowed to treat me in anyway she deems fit. It is my punishment. When I took the Captains allegiance, I become wholly responsible for every soul on board. And now the laws of Huron bid me to be Mrs. Parcels indentured slave for ten years. Once a Dujinnin slave, always a Dujinnin slave, I suppose. There is nothing that can be done. Grimmelwald grabbed Nikolass arm and slowly lowered it down. As his arm lowered he felt the fight drain away. Nothing can be done, lad.
 Without another word, Grimmelwald bent down to Mrs. Parcels, unbuckled the automaspider legs and reached a hand to help her sit up. She grunted a curse at him. Grimmelwald turned his back to the merwoman and bent to one knee. She reached her large arms around his neck. He inhaled deeply, pursed his lips, and stood to his feet. She curled her large fin around his leg and over his thigh. Slowly, he began to make his way down Kings highway. 
 They quietly looked on as the aeroship captain carried the large merwoman on his back. When Nikolas met Grimmelwald, he had all the magical skies and a flying boat at his command. Now he had nothing but slavery to an obese merwoman.
 And Nikolas couldnt help but to feel like it was all his fault. 
 
 
 
 
 

   

   ANG. BANG. BANG! Nikolas jumped up from the couch, startled. He had been obsessing over the Harynnes nuncio again. The gorgon had just attacked a Merrow family near the Loch Huron stables.
 BANG. BANG. BANG! The pounding came from the front door.
 Is anyone in there? Brandy shouted through the door, followed by the sound of Tim giggling.
 Nikolas got to his feet and headed toward the parlor. He needed to get back to Xanthus; hed only come to the living room to take a break. Besides, he couldnt deal with Tim and Brandy right now.
 BANG. BANG. BANG! the knocks demanded again. 
 Hurry up, Brandy yelled. Its so hot out here. 
 Coming! Caroline wiped the red brawswood sauce on her apron and swept around Nikolas. Didnt you hear them, Nikolas?
 Make sure they look down, Daniel called from the library. Ive laid laudaniums out to dry. The stickers will double the size of their feet if they step on them. 
 Just as Nikolas started to slide the parlor door shut, Caroline opened the front door, letting in a billow of red smoke. It was snowing in the windows, but the open door revealed a cavern of molten lava.
 Close the door! Close the door! Tim yelled. 
 Caroline slammed the door shut and locked it, just in case. 
 Hah . . . hah, Brandy laughed between coughs. 
 Youre crazy! Tim said, jabbing Brandy. 
 Nikolas peered at them from behind the sliding door. He kept telling himself to pull the door shut, but for some reason he just watched Brandy and Tim giggle while trying to catch their breaths. 
 We almost got there! Stupid knocker. Brandy threw a brass doorknocker to the wood floor. It looked to be in the shape of a monkey paw.
 Made it to what? Helen said, walking in from the kitchen.
 Miss Emmas party, Brandy said. Im making my appearance in high society.
 You smell like smoke. Caroline pulled off their cloaks and waved her hand at them. Ill have to soak these in mollburr for a week.
 With the cloaks removed, Brandy glowed like a lighthouse, a pink lighthouse. She wore a sparkly pink hoop skirt and pink shoes with a pink sash. 
 Pink, Jack whistled from the top of the stairs. Arent you the brave one, Miss Wendell. No ones worn pink in nearly a thousand years, not in Huron Valley anyway. I quite doubt theyll even remember what the color looks like. 
 Ive decided to start my own club: the pink club, Brandy said. Its all part of my popularity strategy. Henriettas club is all about red sashes. Maggie has her cat eyes club. Im bringing pink back! Conclusion: Anne Hightower will understand that Helen is a genetic misstep from my family and forget about her brother being turned into a walking carpet. No offense, Rug.
 The magic carpet lifted for a moment, ready to take flight, then floated back down. 
 Clever strategy, Miss Wendell, Jack said, bouncing down the stairs. The hundreds of elixir vials in his coat-of-potions clinked and clanked all the way down. But pink has been frowned upon since the plague of the Pinxies. You are aware of the Pinxies?
  Yeah, yeah. Brandy waved her hand. Pink draws out the Pink Pixies. The Pinxies attack anyone with bad fashion sense or something. Banished for terrorizing high society over a thousand years ago. Whatever. I so dont buy that. Just a myth to take away all of the fun of getting dress
 Cah! Xanthus began to heave and cough. As if trained, everyone stopped speaking. A few moved their gaze toward the coughs. Nikolas quickly stepped away from the parlor doors. He felt caught, like hed been spying on them or something. Xanthus coughed again until his face turned red. He pulled back the bloody handkerchief, crumpled it, and threw it to the ground. Yeri nearly leapt across the room, pinched it away, and then flung the parlor doors open. Nikolas tried to step into the parlor doors shadow.
 Daniel watched Xanthus, and Nikolas watched Daniel. Fear flickered across Daniels face as his brother nearly gagged on blood. Finally, Daniel made eye contact with Nikolas and looked back to his laudanium stem. 
 Whats with the knocker? Helen said, trying to change the subject. 
 Its totally cool, Brandy said. She pulled out a small card with a series of dots and lines printed across it. You can open doorways with it. See, you put the knocker on th
 Cah! Cah! Xanthus heaved. Yeri pulled out another handkerchief.
 You put the knocker on the front door, Brandy restarted her sentence. Then, you have to use one of these secret knock cards. Most high society invitations come with one. I got one for Emmas birthday party, except I dont know how to use it at all. 
 Tim snickered, OK, so genius here opened the doorway to Mt. Rossomyeahits a volcano. Um, excuse me, troll sir? Tim mimicked her. I was looking for Emmas birthday party? Was it supposed to be in the belly of an erupting volcano? Id be cool with that, but, you know. He laughed long and hard at his own joke. No one else did.
 The Harynne are going to catch you, Brandy, Helen chided. I cant save you from a work house.
 Brandy rolled her eyes. Dont freak out, Helen. Its a society event. They hex the party. The Harynne would only see a dark, empty house. High society hates it when Harynne guards break up all the fun. Hey, you should come, Helen. You can even protect me from the big, bad Harynne. In fact, all of us should go for once. 
 I agree, Daniel said.
 Brandy raised an eyebrow. Boy genius Daniel loathed everything about high society. 
  Ive been meaning to study magic used by the affluent, Daniel explained. A comparative analysis of magic between the poor and rich. 
 Of course, Brandy shook her head at Daniel disapprovingly, and then looked past him to Nikolas. The wheels ground into the track as Nikolas started to pull the parlor door shut. 
 Just when the door moved over his left eye, Brandy called out. What about you, Nikolas? It would be fun to see you. Schools been out for a whole week! Its the holidays. We should be having fun. Go to parties and stuff! 
 Nikolas debated whether or not this was a good time for a verbal meltdown. If Brandy really wanted to hang out with him, then she should come over to the parlor. That is, if she didnt mind seeing one of her best friends turn to stone. 
 We really should go. Carolines line of sight joined Brandys. All of us.
 Go on, sir, Yeri whispered over Nikolass shoulder. Bad for the constitution to be holed up. Ill keep an eye on Xanthus. 
 Suddenly, the edge of the parlor door seemed really important to Nikolas. He traced the brown speckles of the singing oak wood with his thumbnail. Truthfully, he missed his friendshe missed them a lot. Months of being angry with them left him tired, lonely. Would it be completely evil to have fun for one night?
 Yeah. Nikolas shrugged. Sure.
 Xanthus curled into the couch, readying himself for another fit of coughs. 
 After it had passed, Daniel spoke up, Andand maybe we could collect some specimens for Xanthuss bestiary? 
 Whatever eases your conscience, Nikolas thought. 
 If youre coming, Daniel Brandy poked his chest. you have to be nice. No spiking peoples drinks with your little elixirs. This is so-cie-tee, not one of your controlled experiments. 
 Every experiment I conduct has an expiration date, Brandy, Daniel said. Besides, the test subjects are usually not aware of the experiment. For example, Caroline, say striped socks. 
 What? Caroline said, wiping a smudge of the red brawswood sauce from her nose. 
 Just say it. 
 Stripe so-eeeiigh! 
 Everyone squeezed their ears shut. Carolines words had come out like a screech owl. 
 What just happened?! Caroline half-covered her mouth. 
 I am working on an elixir that disrupts verbal hexes, Daniel said. It blocks the necessary word of the incantation. Striped socks was just a test phrase. And Brandy, refrain from saying mandarin. Not in public, anyway. 
 This. Is. Not. The. Ma. Trix. Brandy punched Daniels shoulder with every word. We. Are. Real. Peo. ple. You. Jerk!
   

 It took an hour for everyone to change. Caroline walked into the room wearing a simple, white dress, which did not match her black horn-rimmed glasses at all, as Brandy so quickly pointed out. Nikolas had on his favorite bowler hat and golden vest. Daniel even traded in his informal cane for one with the wildebeests head.
 And then, Helen.
 All the boys snapped to attention the moment she breezed into the room. She wore a lavender dress; it was a little low on the shoulders, with white ribbons crisscrossing the torso. And her hair had been pulled into a chignon, revealing a thin, sloping neck. 
 Wow, Helen. You are so beautiful, Nikolas thought. I mean, youre totally
 Nikolas stopped that line of thought. What kind of person fantasizes about a girl when his friend is dying on a couch one room away? Even if he imagined running his hand through the golden tassels of her hair while
 Brandy punched him in the kidney. Anyone tell you it was rude to drool?
 I wasnI was, I was
  Foaming? Brandy shook her head at Nikolas and slipped out the knock card with her pink studded glove. She put the monkey paw knocker on the door. The claws sealed into the wood. 
 OK. I think Ive this figured out, Brandy said. She lifted the knocker, tapped it like she was playing the drums, and pushed the door open. 
 Hissssss. A large anacondas mouth filled the doorway.
 Oops! Brandy slammed the door.
 Give that to me. Daniel snatched the knock card from Brandy. Open a door to the bottom of the ocean and submerge all of Huron Valley.
 OK, bossy. Brandy said with a humph. 
 Daniel studied the dots and dashes. Similar to Morse code. The dashes mean a longer period between knocks, and the dots mean a shorter period. 
 Sure, Brandy said, feigning disinterest. 
 Daniel gave two quick knocks, one long knock, and another two quick knocks. He glanced back to them and then twisted the door handle. It moaned open to a manor three times the size of Manor Minor. Its entryway seemed to be all marble and candles, leading them to a long golden hall. The room was so high the candlelight couldnt the ceiling. 
 At the moment, a horde of teenagers filled the manor. They were being thrown into the air by some unseen force. On closer inspection, handless white gloves grabbed the waists of a couple and spun them upward. One would have thought a dance floor full of teenagers being flung into the air would end very badly, but the gloved hands had a rhythm to their chaos. 
 Nikolas smiled and said, Awesome. He remembered thats exactly what Xanthus would have said. He looked back to the parlor, and his smile faded. How could he do this to his best friend? Party when Xanthus is dying. 
 Caroline gently rubbed the small of Nikolass back. We can get away from our problems for one night, Nikolas. Its OK.
 Nikolas tipped his bowler hat Xanthus. Well be right back. Just dont change to stone on us. 
 Xanthus nodded, squeezed his eyes, and prepared for another round of coughs. 
  OK, Nikolas said and stepped over the threshold.
 



 
 Chapter 4

   


   coat rack skittled from their left, bowed, and offered six coat hooks as they stepped over the threshold. A butler and a pear-faced maid began taking their cloaks. 
  Welcome to Miss Emmas birthday party, the butler announced.
 Nikolas thought he recognized the butlers droll tone. Persimmons? He said. Isnt that Cornish Portlorns butler?
  Portlorn?! Helen said. You mean the creepy Baron thats trying to marry me? Brandy, Which Emma is this? 
 Yeah, about that. Brandy bit her bottom lip. I forgot to tell you who the invitation was actually from. 
 Brandy, Helens voice rose. Which Miss Emma
 The door slammed. 
 Miss Emma Portlorn, answered Persimmons. The daughter of Baron Cornish Portlorn.
  Brandy, Helen hissed. I cant believe you dragged me to
 Helen Wendell! Baron Portlorn cried from across the room. He broke several teenage conversations apart while balancing a sloshing stein of spiced harjuice. The Baron walked toward them with an odd hip-thrust, and there were swaggers squealing after. On seeing the hem of the girls dresses, the swaggers aimed their snouts at them and started nibbling away.
 Portlorns coat of priceless jewelry appeared even more bedazzling than when they first met on the Mottle Craw several months ago. More importantly, Portlorn appeared even more infatuated with Helen Wendell than when they met on the Mottle Craw several months ago. 
 He threw back a final guzzle of spiced harjuice, smacked his lips, and grinned. Hope youve been enjoying your glass flute, dear Helen. And I see youve received my invitation?
 Ah . . . sure, Helens voice trembled. In a way.
 And the knock card, too? I assure you. My daughter sent them to a select few. Only the youth of the highest pedigree and most well known families were invited. 
 Helens smoldering brow of death found Brandy. Yes. We got your knock card too. Unfortunately the messenger was very badly hurt in the delivery. Lost complete use of her motor skills from what I heard.
 Oh, hey, look! Brandy said, avoiding her sisters line of sight. Theres Anne Hightower. Time to bring pink back. Wish me luck.
 Helen. Baron Portlorn closed the gap between the two of them, a swagger squealing out of his way. I would be a man of ill-repute if I were not to confess. I convinced my daughter to invite you under false pretenses. You see, the Festival of Lights is only a few weeks a
 The Wendell sisters, a girls voice squeaked from across the room. You came after all.
 Emma Portlorn! Helen called back, waving an S.O.S. to the Barons daughter. 
 Emma skirted around a boy and an elf comparing sabers. She was thin, blond, and had no resemblance to the Baron whatsoever. She slipped an arm through Helens and Carolines. 
 Oh, hush now, Father. You and your romantic notions. These are my birthday guests. Emma swung them in the opposite direction. Come see the new fountain, Wendells. Daddys present to me. He just had it installed last week . . . 
 Baron Portlorn sighed, My morning jewel. Speak truth now, Persimmons. Did Helen even notice me? 
 Did all I could sir. Persimmonss bottom lip flattened sadly. I really did. But yes, Im afraid so. 
 He commissioned Wizard Renault to construct it. Emma directed them around the ballroom and to a fountain in the backyard. Ive been told Renault and Company uses the purest morphiseleus for the shape-shifting. Straight from the Ictree Brag House.
 The fountain changed form every few minutes. First, it was several children spitting water into the air, followed by a series of large clams with smaller clams inside, then a six-legged elephant with a baby elephant on its back.
 Once they were out of Portlorn range, Emma stopped and stared directly at Helen. Forgive my father. Ever since Mothers death he has been lost. Wedding women seems to be his only means of coping.
 How many wives does the guy have? Nikolas said. 
 Eight hundred and thirty-three. 
 Thats a lot of stepmoms, Nikolas observed. 
 Yes, Emma said. He collects them up like swaggers. Quite costly, you know. He had to sell off a quarter of his herd to pay for their expenses last year. Father marries one a month, at least. He will make a public announcement of their engagement, and then never looks upon their face again. No ceremony or anything, just documents and lawyers. Once the paperwork is processed, theyre sent off to Jurable Manor, south of the city, and he pays for their every delicacy. It is common for Father to see a wife on the street and not even recognize her.
 But . . . why? Helen said. Getting married once isnt bad enough? 
 He is looking for her. Emmas gaze moved just above the dance floor to a massive portrait that rose to the ceiling. It was a painting of Emmas mother. She was young and blond, with a smile that danced between joy and strength. 
 And she could have been Helens twin.
 Freaky, Helen, Nikolas said. Thats not good.
 Remember when you met Father on the Mottle Craw? Emma said. Well, he travels the brother worlds looking for a woman who might have something of my mother in her. Sometimes its the color of her eyes, sometimes its the way she walks, or even her laugh. Whatever it may be, he hopes to recreate my mother through all his wivessomething of a living collage. That is, until he met you, Helen. You are Mother in every way, down to the way you play with the ends of your hair.
 Thats great and all Helen dropped her hand from her hair. but Im not going to join his little collection of 
 Helen Wendell, ward of the house of Lyons and steward of my heart, a voice bellowed from the dance floor. The dancers silently floated to the ground, revealing Baron Portlorn standing precariously on a stool in the middle of the hall. The only other noises in the room were a half dozen swaggers snorting about. Allow me to hack the chicken head here
 Father! Emma stiffened her arms.
 Wanted to do this publicly anyway. Im going to the Festival of Lights. Think it best if you accompany me.
 A sick understanding came over Helen. Likelikeon a date? 
 Naturally.
 Dude. Youre old, Tim scowled. 
 Old? Baron Portlorn said. I beg your pardon. Granted we Portlorns arent known for our soft, even skin, but dont think me old. Not a day over a hundred and seventy. 
 A hundred and seventy! Helen couldnt help herself. 
 Thats seventeen in Earth years, Daniel reminded Helen.
 One-hundred . . . two-hundred . . . minus . . . Tim counted. Thats a hundred and fifty year age difference. Youre old enough to be herher 
 Forefather, Nikolas offered.
 Huronite law allows one to marry by the age of sixteen, Jack explained. And there is no law against marrying someone a hundred years their senior, since most live to be nearly eight hundred.
 Something the matter? Baron Portlorn wobbled off the chair. Does she have leechwarts or under a wiggens curse? I cannot put up with any family curses. 
 No. I dont have a wiggens curse, Helen said. Whatever that means. 
 Baron Portlorn continued. Well then, I assume your answer 
 Aah! Brandys shriek echoed through the manor. 
 Saved by the Brandy. Nikolas twisted around.
 Someone from the crowd screamed, Squatter! She has a squatter! The room scrambled into a large circle around Brandy and Anne. Brandy dropped a bouquet, trying to wipe flower pollen from her eyes. The bouquet rolled to the feet of a girl dwarf, who screamed and pushed several people to get out of its way.
 Whats happening to me? Brandy yelled, keeping her eyes squinched from the pollen on her forehead. A hush fell while Nikolas stepped slowly toward her, his gaze fixed on her forehead. A large pimple was beginning to rise.
 What, Nikolas? What is it?! Brandy kept one eye squeezed shut.
 The pimple popped into a stem. Nikolas tried not to laugh. He didnt do a very good job at it.
 Oh no, Emma said.
 Guys, what is it? Brandy flapped both hands over her face. 
 Im so sorry, Brandy. Emma held a mirror to her. 
 Brandy opened the other eye, and focused on a point just below her hairline. 
 No, no, no . . . Brandy put her fingers up to touch the budding flower and uncurling leaves. 
 Dont. Emma grabbed her hand. Itll spread. 
 Oh, and your pink dress, Brandy? Anne Hightower wrinkled her pointy nose. I lied. I think its terrible. How dare you wear pink! A disgrace to high society! I hope the Pinxies have your hide for it!
 Thanks to that feral rat sister, Helen, and her hair elixir, Anne said, pointing to Helen. Three jynngeons operated on my brother for a month, and theyre still unable to reverse the hair growth. Do you know how painful it is to remove tongue hair? 
 Jynngeons? Helen said. What are you talking about? So your brother has a hair problem. Whats that have to do with me? Actually, who are you again? 
 Who am I? Annes voice rose to a shriek. Who am I? Anne Hightower! Sister of Rosenthal Hightower. You know. The boy who you covered in a lifetime supply of hair growth elixir because he dared show a little decency to an ungrateful rodent and invite you to the Festival of Lights.
 Yeah. Not ringing a bell, Helen shrugged. But it sounds like something Id do. I spend my waking hours fending of creeps. And I assume your brother was a creep. 
 Anyway Helen shed her gloves. That was a stupid thing you just did to my kid-sister, Anne. I may not remember you, but I promise, youll never forget me. 
 Before Helen could wipe the ground with her face, Anne growled at her, took out something that appeared to be a riding whip, flicked the air, and disappeared in a crack of grey smoke.
 Mmhhhmm!! Brandy ran from the room, covering her mouth.
 Nikolas shook his head. Fun times.
   

 They were all in Emmas room consoling an inconsolable Brandy. She sat, weeping in front of an ivory vanity mirror. She gripped its corners with both hands, as if trying to stop from slipping down the chasm of unpopularity. 
 Imasocialtragedy, Brandy sobbed. She lifted her eyes to the vanity mirror, tracing the squatters petals with her finger. Lame! I look so lame!
 Yes, the vanity mirror agreed. It does nothing for your piggy eyes, either.
 Shut up. Brandy flipped the mirror over. 
 Much better, the vanity mirror snorted. Floral wallpaper loads more becoming.
 Shut up! Brandy smacked the backside of the mirror. There was a crack and then a shard of glass tinkled to the floor. 
 Ow. 
 What was Annes problem? Caroline asked. 
 I showed her my pink dress, Brandy muttered into her handkerchief. Anne told me it was the most magnificent thing shed ever seen. In fact, she was really sorry about all the trouble between the Hightowers and the Wendells. Then she handed me the bouquetofsquatters! Brandy fell apart again.
 Oh, dear Brandy. Caroline squeezed her sisters shoulder.
 This is so your fault, Helen Rose Wendell. Brandys puffy-eyed guidance system found her sister.
 My fault?
 Yes, your fault, Brandy said. Youre a social plagueterrorizing every boy you meet. Rosenthal Hightower for example! Who, of course, happens to be the brother of Anne Hightower, the most famous girl of like, all Huron School House. This is her getting revenge. We would be best of friends if it wasnt for your whole I dont need a man routine! Brandy moaned again and moved her hand to the flower.
 Dont pick it, Brandy, Jack warned. Tether knows itll spread.
 Emma kneeled beside Brandy. Persimmons told me squatters last two months at the most.
 Two months? Brandy whipped her head around, the flower swinging after. I get to look like this for two months? What about the Festival of Lights and the Ferret Festival? Uggh! And it itches! If I dont get this squatter off me, Ill die! She broke into another round of sobs. 
 Caroline gently placed an arm on Nikolas. She really needs some words of comfort.
 Really? Nikolas said. Arent there bigger problems in this world, like Xanthus turning into a pigeon stoop?
 She looks up to you, Caroline said, tilting her horn-rimmed glasses at Nikolas. Youre her big brother.
 Nikolas was tempted to say: There is a gorgon out there turning people into stone, the Sheriff wants to take over the city, the Merrows are involved somehow, and this is the earth-shattering crisis? I have a better idea; lets quit wasting our time at stupid parties and save Huron. 
 But Carolines steely expression changed his mind. 
 Hey, um, Brandy, Nikolas said, clearing his throat. Its not a big deal. Schools out and wont start back up until February. So, you know, were the only ones who have to see your face. So . . . theres that. 
 Aaaaahh! Brandy bellowed. 
 Really? Caroline mouthed. 
 Whatever, Nikolas mouthed back. 
 
 
 Chapter 5

   


 
   or the next week, Nikolas did his best to ignore the insanity that was Manor Minor. Brandy decided to camp out in the library, to the displeasure of Daniel. She spent days trolling through: Animal and Plant Implantation Extraction for the Common Huronite. Brandy would read them meticulously, although not quietly. Two days before the Festival of Lights, Brandy still hadnt found a cure. She abandoned her research and took to sobbing and kicking walls and sermonizing to Daniel about the tragedy that was her life. She blamed Helen. She blamed Anne Hightower. And at one point, Brandy even hinted she would have been better off at the refugee camp. 
 Meanwhile, the Baron Portlorn situation only escalated for Helen. After a particularly long and chilly lesson under Father Frost, she was met with a horde of serenadium flowers bellowing at the foot of the Huron School House steps. They sang a serenade penned by the Baron himself: My love lost on words. Oh, so few words. My love lost on words. If I could only find the words. I know these words are quite terrible. Im not very good at words. Being that my love is lost on words . . . 
 Helen squashed nearly fifty flowers on her way to Rug, but that didnt stop the other three-hundred from chasing her down. Hoping to outrun them, she whipped Rugs tassels until he broke out into a foamy sweat and threatened to cast her to the city below. 
 In spite of the seranadiums taking heavy casualties from a gang of wild-winged oxen that terrified Wainscott Pass through the winter, the serenadiums found their way to Manor Minor. Nearly one hundred bouquets now filled the blue snowy field in front of the house, all singing about Portlorns unrequited love for Helen. 
 She responded by standing at the living room window playing loud, violent melodies on her glass flute. 
 Seriously, Helen! Brandy yelled from the library. Can you turn it down?
 Ignoring Brandy, Helen blew so forcefully that the veins in her neck ribboned up her cheek and across her forehead.
 Helen! Brandy said.
 It is a little distracting, Helen, Yeri said. Xanthus is resting. Can you not take it outside?
 You dont want to be outside when this comes. Helen said, taking a breath. Im calling fire down from the sky.
 Yeri looked up and quietly scuttled out of the room. 
 Nikolas saw a songbook open and the title: Rain of Fire.
 Is it out of tune? Nikolas said. 
 Helen flung the glass flute to the couch. No. Its not out of tune. A flute cant be out of tune. My jynnus only works when Im not amped up. 
 Then . . . like never? Brandy said. 
 I swear, Brandy, Helen said. 
 Daniel and Tim had just walked in from the kitchen, each holding a bundle of firewood. They were fulfilling Malmedys chore list.
 Whats wrong, Helen? Tim said.
 Ignore her, Brandy called from the library. Just being her usual freak-self. Shes mad cause she has a date with Baron Geriatric of Geriatrica. 
 I dont have a date with anyone. 
 Uh, yeah you do. Brandy slammed the book onto the desk and marched in. I know you have the social intelligence of a monkey, but the Baron sits on the Council of Teine. You know, the one that could throw us in an orphanage. You dont have a choice, so get over yourself.
 Helen jumped to her feet. Get over yourself! 
 Nikolas had had enough of the drama. He shut the parlor door to Xanthus, and slipped through the kitchen door. 
 Hed hoped to be alone, but Caroline was outback. She sat on the deck, holding Daniels shoe while sucking out icenits with an extremely small copper tube. The tube had a cornucopia shaped contraption attached to its other end. Caroline swept every corner of the shoe with the device, cleaning out the icenits. The tiny parasites were born in the snow, and latched onto shoes and boots of passersby. They looked and acted just like a small pinch of ice, freezing anything they touched. If allowed inside dwellings, the icenits would eventually infest the home. There were horror stories of a hatch of icenits invading a home one evening, and by morning the entire family was frozen in their beds.
 Beside her was a row of boots ready to be de-icenited. Nikolas tried to quietly walk toward the woods, hoping she wouldnt notice him. 
 We need you, Caroline whispered. 
 What? Nikolas looked back. Her chin was pushed down to her chest as she focused on the heel of Daniels boot. 
 We need you, Nikolas Lyons. Our family will fall apart if you dont keep us together. 
 Family? Nikolas said. Were so not a family. 
 Caroline turned off her tiny vacuum and gently placed it on the wood deck. Her curly hair had been braided into two pigtails, and she wore a bright red jacket. She walked slowly to Nikolas, her boots crunching the snow underneath.
 Jack is the crazy Uncle, she began, grabbing his hand. Tim is the prudish Aunt. Brandy is the baby. Im the grandmother. Daniel is the grandfather. Youre the father. And Helen is the . . . Carolines voice drifted away. 
 What about Xanthus? Nikolas flung her hand off him. You kinda left someone out of your family. What happened to him? Or is that it? He doesnt fit into your nice picture, so you just ignore him. You told me back on Earth that people arent cut-outs. Remember? Well, are they, Caroline?
 Its still true. We arent cut-outs, Caroline sighed. You look at us and think were just a bunch of selfish kids. You dont understand, dear Nikolas. Were refugees. We dont know how to believe like you do. We learned at the refugee camp that death isnt a choice, it is inevitable. All we had to do was look at the readout on our wrist-leash to know our life expectancy so they could harvest our organs and raise the quality of life for some rich housewife. How can you expect us to believe like you? To have hope the way you have hope? Except for Tim, of course. Hes just spineless. But the rest of us, this is our life. 
 Why dont you trust me, then? Nikolas said. You listened to me back on Earth. Why dont you listen to me now? 
 Yes, Caroline said, putting her hands under her arms for warmth. Grand overwhelmed us with that magic and fantastic world stuff, and so at the moment we believed you. But at the end of it all, we trust the bad things more. Its all we know, dear Nikolas. Still, we can change. We want to change, please believe me. But if you let our family fall apart, then there is no hope for us. It is only when we are together can we overcome. And you are the only one that can hold us together.
 Youre wrong, Nikolas said. I cant hold all of you guys together. I dont want to hold all of you together. II should have never brought you here. Biggest mistake in my life. 
 Caroline flinched as if shed been struck in the face. Her eyes started glistening, which made Nikolas feel terrible. He wanted to take it back the second he said it, but another part of him wanted to hurt Caroline, too. 
 He went back inside before he said anything else mean. Brandy and Helen were still arguing. Now they stood on top of the couch, yelling at each other. 
 Dont you talk about her like that! Brandy said. Shes my mother.
 Shes my mom, too! Helen said. Ill talk about her however I want to talk about her. She was a
 Enough! A voice boomed. 
 Helen and Brandy jumped. Everyone looked up. Nikolas peered around the room, looking for the source of the angry-voice. 
 That was me. Caroline slid her glasses back up. I said that. 
 With one confused expression, they all turned their sights on Caroline. 
 She dropped a pair of boots, and, in her loudest whisper ever, announced, Ive had it with the arguments and the fighting and the overall . . . nastiness. Thats all we do now. Were supposed to be family. Carolines eyes hung on Nikolas for a moment, and then she stormed to her room. A few minutes later she returned with seven purple bracelets. Without a word, Caroline began binding them with the bracelets. They would have objected, but everyone was still recovering from angry-Caroline. 
 Friendship bracelets, Caroline said. 
 Friendship bracelets? Daniels brow rose, and he grabbed the studded wristband. What have you done, Caroline? 
 They grow tighter and tighter, the more we dont act like family, Caroline explained. They loosen when we do. When we are truly family, theyll break off. 
 There was still one wrist left: Nikolass. Caroline snatched it quickly. He was still in shock over angry-Caroline and didnt attempt to resist until she had his arm locked down with her triceps.
 Wait, what? Are you nuts? Nikolas tried to wiggle away, but Carolines grip was strong, surprisingly strong. It was like she was born with mother arms. 
 After a few more seconds, Caroline let go. 
 Oww! That really hurts. Nikolas whipped his hand, trying to find some kind of circulation. 
 A friendship bracelet cannot be taken off by any magic. At least good magic. Caroline crossed her arms. Theyre symbols of our family.
 Theyre purple. Nikolas wedged his fingers between his wrist and bracelet.
 That is right, Nikolas. Purple means devotion. 
 It means seven-year-old school girl! Nikolas raised the sparkly, purple band. 
 You will not forget what family you belong to, Caroline said. Someone has to keep us together, Nikolas Lyons.
 Angry words bubbled inside of Nikolas; words about their selfishness, about dumb parties and lame friendship bracelets, about whining over old rich Barons when Xanthus was turning to stone one room over. But he just clenched his jaw and looked to his boots. 
 Brandy rubbed the purple bracelet. Crazy Caroline. At least I wont be the only freak at the festival.
 Yeah, Helen chuckled to herself. One big freak party. Too bad Portlorn doesnt have an aversion to purple, sparkly brac Her eyes grew. Thats it, Caroline!
 What is it? Caroline said.
 Helen cupped both hands around her sisters ear and whispered. 
 Caroline twitched her nose in reflection. Well . . . it would definitely keep Portlorn away.
 Yeah? Helen fished for reassurance. I mean seriously, isnt that an awesome idea?
 It is. Ill . . . Caroline swallowed. Ill do it with you.
 You will? Helen giggledfor the very first time in recorded history. 
 Yeah, Caroline said. She breathed deeply and smiled. Like I said. Were family, right? Ill do it with you.
 Awesome. We just need someone who knows elixirs. Helen glanced around the room with a toothy grin. Or should I say some ones? She snatched Jack and Tim by their collars and dragged them up the stairwell. Before they disappeared, Jack looked back to Nikolas with the expression: I am so confused right now.
 The Wendells held Tim and Jack captive the rest of the day, only allowing them out to plunder Malmedys elixir closet, gathering up thyme, turtleboar liver, dried horn-toad skin, and morphiseleus, lots of morphiseleus. 
 Around eleven that night the boys were cast from the bathroom, but not before Helen threatened death unimaginable if they blabbed to Malmedy. The self-appointed housemother would return shortly from visiting relatives in the city, and if she discovered their anti-Portlorn scheme, it would be all over. 
   

 The night of the Festival of Lights, Malmedy stood at the bottom of the staircase with her pudgy hands bunched up. She called up the stairwell, You youngins need to get on down here and eat yo food. Festival of Lights is tonight. I leave for two weeks and the whole place is gone to pot. You girls have been up there far too long now! Git on down here. Festival of Lights is tonight, I says! She turned back to the kitchen to exchange her winter coat for an apron. Them girls mess around too much. Silliest little sprites Is ever seen . . . and where is that Dangus? Dangus! Dangus! Oh, if that dont beat all. Where is that silly redheaded man? Grand up and leaves, them girls doing Mon knows what? And now I cant even find Dangus. Whole house is falling apart, Nikolas. Drama, drama, drama! 
 I was under the impression Dangus rounded up the swaggers before sunset? Daniel said. He slid the cane beside his chair and sat down slowly at the kitchen table.
 Oh, is that what hes been telling you? Malmedy said. Aw no he dont. I knows that much. Weve got a swagherder for that. Dangus has gone and skipped dinner for the last two months. Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Don know what that silly gits up to, but he know the rules. Servants and family is suppose to be eatin together. I work too hard in the kitchen for him to be messin around. 
 Achwee! A voice echoed from the chimney. 
 Malmedy stopped in her tracks. She curled her lip and pivoted on her foot. She quietly 
 Achwee! the voice echoed a second time.
 Malmedy mimed to Nikolas to grab her broom. He silently walked over to the broom resting against the wall and handed it to her. 
 She lifted her skirt slowly, her stripped stockings showing, crouched on knee and shoved the broomstick up the chimney.
  Git outta there. I said, git on outta there! Malmedy yelled.
 She turned to her back, and with legs layed out and her black-striped panty hose showin, she shoved the broom two more times. Now I done said git on out!!
 Malmedy? Dangus took a step closer.
 Where you been, Dangus?! Malmedy sat up, soot falling from her head. If youd been keeping our chimneys clear we wouldnt have critters moving in. Theres a nasty lil vermin all up in my chimney!!
 She gave the broom another shove. The sound of a mousy squeak answered her, and a reedy voice began to sing.
 So warm and nice this chimney might be,
 With bits of sparks and coals.
 Dont shove this little clim from home,
 To live among the brolls!
 If I says it once, I says it a thousand times. I don wan no vermin up in ma chimney! With that, Malmedy gave a final poke with the broom and bits of honeycomb-shaped soot fell into the firebox.
 Squeak! The mousy voice cried. In the middle of the firebox stood a mound of trembling soot with two needle like rat hands clutching a serrated scrub brush at Malmedy. The soot sneezed, revealing a small creature no bigger than the palm of a hand and completely covered with a fine layer of blond hair. It had a potato-shaped face inset by coal eyes, and its only article of clothing was a stovepipe hat pushing down a set of pointy faerling ears. 
 I hears the murmur among the clims, said the strange creature. I hears you returns to Manor Minor. I come to find a new home. Dont send me back out there. So cold, so cold!
 Poor little guy. Brandy ran over with open hands. The clim looked at her momentarily, then scurried into her palms. 
 Missus, that ain nothin but a little rat, said Malmedy. Cloggin up ma chimneys, I tell ya. Make a mess of everythin. Ya gotsta clean em out! 
 Lets not be too harsh, Malmedy, Dangus said. It is a faerling still. And they can be quite useful. Cant you, Mr. . . . ? 
 Mr. Boggess the third. The clim bowed. 
 Well, Mr. Boggess. Do you have family? 
 Oh, yes. Achweee, Mr. Boggess said as his head spasmed with another sneeze. We Boggesses hail from the Manor Major district. Lived there for nearly a millennium. But they turned on me this very night because I refuse to spy for ill. Never been accepted into the Boggess side of me family. Always been more of a Drenal. They spy for the good, but keep to the Cliffs of Somber district, mainly villagers hearths and such. Anyway, Boggesses have been spying for Sheriff Silas these few years. They reported your break in just this evening. I couldnt betray the Lyons family. Had to leave.
 Spying? said Brandy. Is it like a family business?
 Yes. Its come to that. Mr. Boggess met Brandys sympathetic expression. Chimney with a hot blazing fire is home to our kind. And most secrets are shared at the heat of the hearth.
 Suddenly, Nikolas had an idea. 
 Tell me, Mr. Boggesshe dropped to one kneehow much access does your family have to other estates, say Ironvale Estates? 
 The sheriff? The home of Silas Gorringe? Mr. Boggess gave Nikolas a knowing smirk, crouched, and began singing.
 Secrets I can tell you,
 Things you shouldnt know. 
 Offer I will make you,
 To bring your villains low!
 Mr. Boggess removed his hat, decompressing a flock of blond hair, and bowed again. 
 You can make a pact, Mr. Lyons, Dangus said. Clims will be faithful to you and spy in exchange for a warm hearth.
 Oh no you dont Malmedy shook her head at Nikolas. 
 Yes, Nikolas said. You make the promise, Dangus.
 Very well, Mr. Boggess, said Dangus. 
 dont you do it, Dangus! Malmedy yelled.
 In exchange for a home in Grands fireplace, Dangus said. You will serve as a spy for the House of Lyons. 
 Mr. Boggess smiled. It would be my honor. 
 Dangus stood to his feet. Let us seal this with a vow. You are all witnesses today. Whilst Manor Minor stands, Mr. Boggess will have a home in the chimney of the masters room. In exchange, he will spy on Sheriff Silas and his cohorts. If either party breaks this vow, may he be cut off from hearth and home, to wander the wilderness until death takes him. 
 Malmedy, Dangus, and Mr. Boggess said in unison: May it be so. Although, Malmedys sounded more like a grumble.
 Now begin your home in the master bedroom. Malmedy will always have a fire to warm you. Malmedy, transport the ashes from here to the master bedroom. 
 Malmedy snatched up the clim by the nape of his neck and held him out arms length, muttering something about vermins taking over da house. 
   

 Soon, the table was filled with hungry stomachs; all waiting on Helen and Caroline to end their bathroom lock-in. Everyone had dressed in their most elegant evening wear for the Festival of Lights. Surprisingly, Brandy managed to find a pink dress even louder and pinker than the first one. Tim wore a classic black and white suit with a top hat, and a white scarf vying to be a tableclothone of Brandys creations, no doubt. Dangus finally returned from his mysterious disappearance dressed in something that resembled a Scottish evening outfit. Draped over his shoulder was a tartan tucked into the belt of a frayed kilt, revealing bleach-white legs. Nikolas tried to dress up, but white fancy gloves were his limit, and he wouldnt give up the bowler hat. Nikolas was happy to see even Xanthus sat at the table. He wore a baggy tweed suit jacket and derby cap. To ensure he could go to the Festival of Lights, he had doubled his dosage of galley-trot. Missing the birth of the dryads would be an abomination to all who call themselves geek, according to Xanthus. 
 Daniel began to grumble about stomach pains when Malmedy raised a pudgy finger. Don cha eat until all ladies are seated and accounted for. Youse gentlemen now. Gotta learn to treat women like theyse a princess. I see how youse forget to open doors and such. Then, with her next breath, she bellowed so loud the windows rattled. If youse not down here by the time Im done a hollering, its me up there with the pointy end of my broomstick!
 A door creaked open, followed by Helen and Carolines suppressed giggles. Ivory white slippers appeared at the stairwell. Blue gloves, studded with pearls and cuffed in white sheer, glided along the staircase banister. Nikolas could see their two dresses were trimmed in blue, and they were traced with the webbing of a treenid, giving it a membranous appearance. But their faces were cut off by the kitchen ceiling.
 Everyone stood ceremonially.
 Both girls, in royal unison, took their last step. Yeris jaw dropped . . . and so did his knees. All six-foot-two, one hundred and sixty pounds of him fell to the kitchen floor. 
  Um. Im not hungry. Tim stumbled over Yeri on his way out. 
 At the end of the table stood two of the ugliest teenage girls Nikolas had ever seen. Helens lips were toad-like, her face an assortment of warts, misguided teeth, and a bulbous nose, which produced its own thick nasal hair. Caroline had dry, craggy skin. Her makeup collected up in pores and the cleft of a large chin. 
 What splendor and beauty! Jack bowed dramatically while holding back snickers. 
 The girls curtsied, revealing legs covered in a network of spider veins.
  Whawha Malmedy switched from one foot to the other. in the name of all thats good and sane . . . What in the world has you two gone and done? 
 Oh. Im sorry, Malmedy. Helen flared her dress. Is it the blue trim? Blue has never been my color. 
 You know what Is talking about, Malmedy said. 
 Ingenious. Daniel nodded approvingly. 
 Jack smacked his knee. Legendary! The ugly Wendell sisters!
 It was the only way to get Baron Portlorn to back off, Caroline explained. 
 Relax, Malmedy. Helen swiped the air. Itll wear off by midnight. 
 What about yo suitors? Malmedy pointed out the window. What you think yo suitors are gonna say when they sees you like this?
 Suitors? said Helen. You mean dates? We dont have dates . . . Brandy? 
 The youngest Wendell buried her face in her pink shawl. 
 Brandy?
 It was supposed to be a surprise, Brandy moved her head up, her squatter flower bent sideways. I set the three of us up. I was trying to apologize for making you feel bad about Portlorn. 
 By setting me up on a date?? Helen said. Do you even know me at all?
 I give up, Brandy said. You want boys to hate you? See if I care. 
 Well Malmedy shook her head. sit on down. Ugly or not, Ise obliged to feed ya. Drama, drama, drama.
 All during dinner Helen talked and giggled, even cracked a joke or two. When pretty, she was stiff and distant. But now that she looked liked someone had shoved her face into a landmine, Helen laughed freely. Nikolas realized something. By being ugly, she was finally free of all the attention boys put on her. And it made her even more beautiful. 
 He envied Helen. Nikolas wanted thatto laugh and have fun; not to be some bitter jerk who hated his friends. But how could he when Xanthus sat next to him, turning to stone?
 Malmedy, on the other hand, was far from impressed with Helen. She riddled the dinner with, What yo suitors gonna say? What they gonna say . . . 
 But Malmedy didnt have anything to worry about. When the sisters suitors arrived, they didnt say one word. 
 They screamed. 
 Seelaprim bouquets were flung to the snow while they dove into their geese-drawn stagecoach. The coaches lifted into the night clouds with three wailing teenage boys. 
 Brandy refused to let the night be a complete disaster. She informed them that Helen was to go with Nikolas, Daniel with Brandy, and Tim with Caroline. No one seemed to mind except for Tim. He refused to go with Caroline on account of how ugly her face was, so Jack lent Caroline his arm, tipped his stovepipe hat, and said to her, You, Miss Caroline, are the most beautiful date in all the Festivals of Lights, past, present and yet to come. It is an honor unimaginable.
 Caroline snorted, then hocked a loogie. 
 
 
 
 



 
 Chapter 6

   


   banner read:
   

 For the first time in two months, Huron spoke to Nikolas: A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 Nikolas tilted his head. He wondered why the banner set her off after two months of silence.
 She seethed again, A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath.
 Nikolas turned his sights to Creachling Theater. Every Huronite citizen must have been at the Festival of Lights; mingling among them were thousands of Merrows. 
 And Nikolas could sense every single Merrow. 
 Like needles marching across his back, he could feel the Merrows automaton legs, velles, and the merminors tanks creeping between booths and walkways. 
 But the unsettled feeling didnt end there. Another evil grew just below the cobblestone, an undercurrent of darkness coursing its way through the city. It was this darkness Huron feared would overcome her.
 Nikolas closed his eyes. Sorry, Huron. I cant help you. The council has my hands tied. II have to protect my friends, he sighed. You need to find another steward.
 Some kind of date you are, Helen said, her arm draped over Nikolass.
 What? Nikolas blinked. He had almost forgotten about his night out with ugly-Helen.
 Why wont you look at me, sweet Nikolas? Helen giggled. Am I not pretty enough for you? 
 Nikolas smirked. Oh. More than I can handle. One look upon that unibrow leaves my knees-a-shakin. 
 She laughed and elbowed his arm. 
 Its Huron. His eyes moved back to the banner. Shes really edgy tonight. I think something bad is going to happen. 
 Well Helen flicked a clump of oily hair over her shoulder. tell Huron that you already have a date. She can horn on in after our vicious break-up, which will be mired in bitter letters of forlorn passion and unrequited love. 
 Smiling at the ugliest face in Huron, Nikolas realized something. He really did envy Helen. In spite of all theyd been through, she managed to have fun. If Helen could take a night off, why couldnt he?
 Helen smacked Nikolas with her party fan and giggled, Whats with the puppy eyes? Youre not getting swept away by my supple warts now, are you? She slipped out from under his arm and joined Caroline, who was applying another thick layer of blush. 
 The girls winked at two passing Harynne guards. The guards screamed and unsheathed flaming katanas. They stumbled away with katanas drawn. The ugly Wendell sisters laughed so hard Caroline landed on her rump.
 Nikolas realized something. He wasnt angry at his friends about Xanthus, not really. He was angry with himself. His friends couldnt trust him to come up with a way to find a cure. Any idea he had tended to end badly. They didnt believe in him, and whose fault was that? Had he ever given them a good reason? It was time to stop being bitter, Nikolas decided. It was getting him nowhere. Tonight hed have fun. He wouldnt think about Xanthus turning to stone. He wouldnt think about Grand being gone for two months. He wouldnt think about the Sheriff or the Merrows . . . especially the Merrows. Nikolas had to look beyond the doubts and worries and see the festival for what it was meant to be. 
 Fun.
 Nikolas scanned the Festival of Lights, wondering where he should start looking for fun. He recalled taking in the festival earlier that night when Rug descended to the ticket booths. Located in north Creachborough, the festival grounds were erected over an extinct volcano. The rim of the volcano was a flat area that was too wide to be a wall, but too narrow to be a plateau, leaving only enough room to hold the festivals stalls, booths and tourneys. Much like the city of Huron, the booths were divided into its different lings. Creachling booths were on the northwest side, as marked by a massive kite in the shape of a Pegasus. The kite above faerling booths on the southeast was a Rickaboo. For humlings, it was a redheaded maiden, and for midglings, a dwarf-shaped kite. And above the bigling booths flapped a kite in the shape of a gargantuate. 
 Past the booths, the snow banks descended toward the theater. Its slope was filled with Dujinnin campers and anyone else unable to afford proper seats. The slope stopped at a stone ledge, which bordered Creachling Theater itself. The theater was similar to a Roman coliseum, except this one was buried so deep, and its walls so steep, it would induce vertigo for even the most brazen daredevil. 
 Just as Nikolas started to suggest they check out the bigling booths, he heard a barking voice.
 Excuse me! Baron Portlorn announced. Pardon me! Oh, very sorry there! Didnt mean to slap you. Couldnt see your front side from back here, Baron Portlorn said, scurrying past two centaurs. Nikolas! Fine festival this has turned out to be. Say, good lad, have you seen Miss Helen? 
 Yeah. Shes right there. Nikolas pointed to Caroline and Helen. At the moment, Helen was reapplying make-up on an abnormally large wart resting just below her right eye. 
 Im sorry. Afraid Ive missed her. Whats that you say? Baron Portlorn earnestly scanned the crowd. 
 There. Right there. In the white dress with that, uhm, blue trim stuff? 
 Baron Portlorn squinted. Have you been in the mad melons, son? I dont see her. 
 Helen glanced up from her handbag and called out with a sing-songy voice, Baron Portlorn! How are you?
 Baron Portlorn rested on his cane like a lean-to as he quizzically examined the ugly girl. Then, as Helen approached, the Baron recognized her blue eyes. 
 His cane snapped. 
 By the winds of the tether. Your face! Baron Portlorn said, mortified. His top lip pushed down to his bottom lip, making a third chin out of the two he already had. 
 What? Oh, my face? Helen smiled, displaying her buckteeth. Im afraid I wasnt honest with you at Emmas party. You were right. I am under a wiggens curse. I just didnt know how to tell you. Actually my entire family was hexed by a wiggen a long time ago. See, my great-grandfather killed this wiggens adder because it snuck into our estate, and . . . and bite one of our Westchester dragons. So . . . um, she cast this spell, that is, the wiggen cast this spell on my great-grandmother, right? Well, it was a hereditary spell, and so it, like, totally passed down from generation to generation.
 Not me, Brandy interjected. The curse went right around me.
 Yes. Helen rolled her eyes. Not Brandy.
 Im a miracle of beauty! Brandy added. 
 Anyway, continued Helen. Its been in our family so long, I dont even notice it.
 Even notice . . . it. Baron Portlorns eyes glazed over for an awkward moment. Then hope was rekindled. Itit happens once a year? During the dryad birthing, to be sure?
 Oh, no, Caroline said. We dont know when itll occur. Kinda like a rash. This isnt even a really bad breakout.
 Wait til you see the boils, Jack said, gripping his coat-of-potions lapel for effect.
 Boils! Baron Portlorns left eye twitched. He gawped around dizzily. Forgive me. I best be getting on to the show. Persimmons reserved seats in the Councils Boilsuh, er, Booth. I meant Booth. The councils booth. I should be looking to my seat now. 
 Baron Portlorn moved through the crowd and did not look back. 
 When he was out of shouting distance, Helen puffed up her chest and bugged out her eyes: Boils! 
 They guffawed. 
 Jack joined in on the impersonation: Boils! Ive got to see to the Councils boils. No, wait. Bunyans. I meant the Councils bunyans. No, not bunyans! Thats not it at all. Help me out here! Whazit called? I got to go see the Councils bums. No! Thats worse. Im so confused right now! 
 Jacks impersonation put them over the top. They laughed and howled until their cheeks ached. 
 You guys are mean, Brandy said. He likes you, Helen. At least you could tell him that you dont like him. What youre doing is mean. 
 Yeah, Helen could barely hold her breath. but its so FUNNY! Everyone heaved over with another round of laughs.
 After everyone gathered themselves, Nikolas suggested they check out the bigling booths before The Festival of Lights show. Brandy said she was done hanging out with murderers of Love and didnt want to have Loves blood on her hands anymore. She and Tim left to find Malmedy.
 Nikolas put his arm out to Helen and said, Shall we? She nodded her wrinkled, saggy head.
 Jack mirrored the gesture to Caroline, who extended her own wart-riddled arm. They made for the bigling booths.
 For the next couple of hours the four of them meandered through the bigling booths, which turned out to be fun to watch, but dangerous to participate. Most biglings seemed to only have one point of amusement: they were giant and everyone else was not. Therefore most of the games consisted of a bigling matched against another creature of Mon. One of the most popular booths was: Out-teeter a Tuckland Giant. First, a creature would sit on one end of a teeter-totter, and then the brutish Tuckland Giant would sit on the other end. Physics played its part and the poor creature would be cast off into the night, landing perfectly in the muddy pen of several giant Hollibrum sleeths. They looked like sloths, but had long, wormy snouts, and surprisingly quick hands. The Tuckland giants would howl and guffaw at every flung participant, never considering that a carnival game should have some degree of competitiveness. They didnt even charge money. They just wanted to see the flying creatures howl into the night.
 To further the ugly-Helen joke, Nikolas decided to grab her hand, to which she cooed in her baritone voice. Quickly, the booths became a procession of teenagers gawking at the infamous Nikolas Lyons interlocking fingers and looking longingly into the eyes of the ugliest girl in Huron. 
 They were still holding hands when the four of them stopped at the booth titled: 
   

 Below the title someone with misguided artistic abilities drew a gargantuate slapping a satyr so hard it had xs for eyes. 
 While Nikolas studied the sign, he felt Helens saggy hand slightly move. For a minute it almost felt light, but the change barely registered. Besides, Nikolas was still trying to comprehend the sign, and the long line of eager contestants wrapped all the way around the next booth. Why would anyone in their right mind sign up to get slapped by a nine-hundred-pound giant. He looked back at Helen to say as much, but the words stopped in his mouth. 
 She wasnt ugly anymore. In fact, she was beautiful. Extremely beautiful.
 Uh . . . Nikolas said, suddenly aware of her soft hand.
 Its midnight, Helen said. The elixir wore off at midnight.
 Right, Nikolas said. Her hand felt very soft. He should drop her hand now because it felt soft. 
 Jokes over. Im not ugly anymore, Helen said, the light in her eyes starting to fade. Dont have to hold my hand now.
 Yeah, Nikolas said. She was right. Joke is over. He really should drop her hand now, but he couldnt do it. No. His hand couldnt do it. Should he wait for Helen to drop her
 Guys! Tim yelled. 
 Nikolas and Helen snapped their hands away. All four of them looked back to Tim.
 Yeah, what? Nikolas said. 
 Tim hesitated, his gaze where their hands had been. Something flashed across his face. Nikolas couldnt quite tell what it was. 
 Youre late, Tim said. Ive been looking everywhere for you. You guys were supposed to meet Malmedy and Dangus a half-hour ago. Show starts in ten minutes. 
   

 Since neither the City Council nor the Council of Teine had yet to decide if Nikolas was the Steward of Huron, he was put on provisional stewardship status. While he didnt have any authority, the council gave him a few perks, including a seat in the Kings Booth. Actually, Sheriff insisted Nikolas be given Kings booth, to everyones surprise. 
 Malmedy and Dangus giggled on and on about their King Booth seats. Evidently, there was no better place to see the forthcoming spectacle. Unfortunately, getting to the Kings Booth wouldnt be all that easy. They had to navigate down the muddy slope, which was packed with dozens of Dujinnin campers. Then, after running the Dujinnin gauntlet, Nikolas and company were to climb down one thousand steps so steep they might as well be ladders, according to Malmedy. All of this, with a sickly Xanthus and wheelchair in tow.
 The Dujinnin didnt seem interested in helping them pass quickly, either. They were constantly dodging Dujinnin cauldrons conveniently placed in the road. Old Dujinnin women attended the cauldrons with large wooden ladles, periodically throwing in handfuls of dried mushrooms, gums-of-a-cow and craw seasoning, which Jack explained was the undigested food of a chickens craw. After the series of gut-turning cauldrons, they had to push through a traffic jam. The Dujinnn decided to hold grizzly koala fights on the pathway, bets being wagered. 
 Dangus also warned them to watch their steps. A group of teenage Dujinnin felt it was their duty to promote Dujinnin equality by planting thruster mines along the path. They were hexed stones that, when stepped on by anyone but a Dujinnin, flung the unsuspecting pedestrian back a hundred yards. As if this wasnt bad enough, a violent Dujinnin feud was unfolding at the Festival of Lights between the Capricians and the Molleander family. When Harynne guards werent looking, the feuding families blasted their hexed cannons overhead. Any innocent bystander in the path of a hex cannon found themselves in the jynngeons infirmary covered head to toe in a curse of travelling boils or mush-o-bones. 
 While they made their way through all of this, the Dujinnin would regard Nikolass fancy clothes and dandy hat. Others would mutter on about their own repressive, impoverished conditions when even the most common folk could afford a seat in Creachling Theater to see the show, like this tow-haired boy. One old woman even cackled under her breath, saying, Off to the theater, are ya? Enjoy the show. Oh, youll get whats coming to ya. All you hoity toitys. Youll get whats coming to ya.
 Nikolas would have ignored the old woman, except at that instant Huron spoke: A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 Cakk! Cakk! Xanthus hacked and coughed, doubling over in his wheelchair. 
 I still think it unwise for you to come, Master Xanthus, Yeri said, pushing his wheelchair. 
 Theres no way Im missing the birth of the dryads, Xanthus said. Every self-respecting nerd would shun me for the rest of my days if I missed the birth of the dryads.
 There wont be a nerd for thousands of years, Nikolas said. 
 Oh, but theyll know. They always know. Xanthus shook his head.
 Nikolas smiled. 
 From the darkness leapt an old Dujinnin man holding some creature that appeared to be a stomach, at least that is what it seemed like to Nikolas. The man cackled as two hounds and an ogre-looking Dujinnin man chased after him, yelling something about My skainsmates, you old dog! 
 Now, don you be lying to me, Malmedy wagged her finger at Dangus. Why you keep missing my suppers? And don say swagherding. You knows we got a swagherder for that. OGoyles been keeping them swaggers for centuries now.
 Ive got my commitments, Dangus tried for firmness. No business of yours how I spend my leisure. If I want to spend the evenings betting on beatrix fights 
 Beatrix fights! Malmedy said. Ooh, youse better not be, Dangus.
 I aint saying thats what Ive been up to, Dangus sighed. Im just saying that I can spend my leisure any way I see fit. You aint my mum! 
 No I ain, Malmedy said. Ill tell you what I am. Is
 Dangus changed into a large crab. 
 Dont think changing into a crabs gonna get you out of it! Malmedy said. 
 Dangus pointed his big crab pinchers to the place where two ears should be. Then shrugged with the motion, Sorry. I cannot hear you. Im a crab. 
 Malmedy bent over, wagging her finger at crab-Dangus. I knows you can hear me, you fool. Now change back or Im gonna slap that jynuss right out of ya! 
 Dangus turned up an imaginary ear to Malmedy, like he was straining to hear her, then shrugged again as if to say, Sorry. Still a crab.
 Xanthus curled over again. Ckahhh. Ckahh!! Ckahhh!!! 
 There, there now, Master Xanthus. Where did I put the galley-trot? Yeri reached into his cloak and pulled out a vial. He handed the tar-like substance to Xanthus, who stuck his fingers into it and sucked it off. 
 You know Xanthus wiped his face with his forearm. If youre supposed to digest medicine, why make it so you just want to puke it back up?
 Almost forgot. Yeri pushed the wheelchair forward while rummaging inside a bag stitched to the back. Ive got a spoon for you right
 Teeth on tongue! a Dujinnin cried, grabbing at his shins. He had red hairrare for a Dujinninand a turnip-shaped body. 
 Dear me! Yeri reached out. Didnt see ya there. The wheelchairs a bit to manage.
 Bet ya didnt. A second Dujinnin held his friend up. He had a flat, pock-rattled face, malevolent eyes, and a tone set to sneering. You Merrow cohorters wouldnt think to look upon us scum-of-the-mon Dujinnin, would ya?
  Youre right, Mellandroll, the redheaded Dujinnin said. He is a cohorter, isnt he? 
 Merrow cohorter? Nikolas said. What are you talking about?
 Your gaunt little friend there. The redheaded Dujinnin pointed a crooked finger at Xanthus. Look at that earring. Waving it about, just to remind us well never be more than slaves to those rotten fish faces!
 Xanthus lightly touched his mothers earring. Caroline had suggested he not wear it tonight because of what Grimmelwald had said about the Dujinnins enslavement to the Merrows a long time ago. Xanthus told her it was his mothers, and he wouldnt part with it for the world.
 You dont know anything about him, Nikolas said. 
 That wretched jewelry tells me everything. The redheaded Dujinnins finger stayed pointed. My grandfathers entire family was traded for an earring just like that one, wasnt he? Wont find a Merrow without one. Their lot wear em in their ears or around their neck. Tells me hes a Merrow sympathizer, that does. 
  City be swarming with our old slave masters, snorted the pock-marked Dujinnin. Festival of Lights smelling of rotten sardines, no thanks to all them fish people. Think those Merrows can win Huron over by throwing their trinkets at the city and putting on their little carnival sideshow here? 
 But it worked, didnt it? Huron dont care two licks about us being stuck up here like barn animals, seeing the whole show from the muck and ice while even the poorest citizens are given proper stone seats. And now this boy flaunts their jewelry about, like its some bloody fashion statement? The whole lot of Merrows should be canned and shipped Earthside, Id say. 
 Chill out, Id say, Nikolas said. He took a decided stance between Xanthus and the Dujinnin.
 Do you? The redheaded Dujinnin said, inspecting Nikolas. He seemed to be noting his hair, his clothes. Recognition spread across his face. He bowed dramatically. Oh, Steward is it? And I expect youve been given front row seats? Then itll be quite the show for you. Well, dont let me keep you, now.
 The pock-riddled Dujinnin took off his hat and bowed with his friend. Yes, please Steward, do enjoy your front row seats. 
 
 
 
 Chapter 7

   


   veryone found their seats while Japa the Bear lumbered to center stage. He rose to his feet, greeted the audience, then stepped aside as Lir, the Merrow and Duke of Eynclaene, walked up, aided by his automaton legs.
 Huron whispered: A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath.
 Torchlight reflected off Lirs Merrow scales, dressing the Creachling Theater in muted rainbows. The merman relayed the pleasantries adults usually passed to each other. Thank you to those . . . Were honored to have them . . . 
 Nikolas tried to listen to the speech, but he was distracted by the pendant on Lirs necklace. Grimmelwald and the two Dujinnin were right. It looked almost identical to Xanthuss earring. 
 The creature attacked Xanthus and Mr. Waters. Nikolas thought. They had matching pendants. Whats Xanthus doing with a Merrows earring? Was the monster going after the Merrows pendants? Was it going to attack Lir next?
 Nikolas shook his head and glanced at Helen to remind himself tonight was for fun and nothing else. 
 Lir raised both hands. And without further adieu, welcome citizens of Huron to the one thousand, two hundred and twenty-fourth Festival of Lights! 
 The crowd exploded in cheers, snarls and growls. Nikolas joined in. 
 The city council has given us the honor of financing the Festival of Lights. Our families can now truly call Huron their new home because youve welcomed us with hearts of sulmare. Please take this presentation as a humble expression of our gratitude. 
 A white light flared across the theater, blinding the audience for a moment. Out of the flash of light appeared a line of mermaids in automaton spider legs. They rubbed their fingers together and flung sulmare into the theater seats. The people stretched their hands out; praising the money while it fell. A few fights started to break out, but the Harynne guards put a stop to them. Nikolas tried not to think about the Dujinnin sitting in their muddy seats and out of reach of the Merrows sulmare.
 And now, the light of the dryads! Lir shouted.
 What you make of that, Malmedy? Dangus said. No seeing bottles or nothing. Hows one to see the dryad birthing from down here? 
 Without any formal introduction, two squatty creatures walked to center stage. They looked like loaves of bread, with button eyes two fingers apart, and lips that wrapped halfway around their heads. Both were dressed in brown pelt robes lined in peacock feathers.
 Oh! Thats master, Lozarno Squirsby, Jack said. Im his apprentice. And with him there is his brother, Millarno. Theyre Bumgardners. Brilliant elixirists. Top of the line, really.
 Lozarno held a white stone while Millarno waddled toward a tank that resembled a five hundred gallon coffee press. Set over a fire, the glass tank brimmed and bubbled over with yellow liquid, and had a lid attached to a catch. 
 Oh, I get ya. Brilliant, Jack whispered. That stone there, Nikolas, its a piece of Creachling Theater. Wait til you see this. 
 Lozarno dropped the stone into the glass tank. It sizzled and drifted down slowly until it rested on the catch. Millarno grabbed the tanks large iron crank and pulled it down a foot, lifting the catch and stone. 
 Creachling Theater shook. 
 Millarno pulled the crank again.
 Suddenly, Nikolass stone seat shot up. The entire theater trembled again, and peoples seats jumped a foot into the air. 
 Whats going on? Nikolas said. 
 Theyre geniuses, yeah? Jack gripped his seat. Like I said, that stone is a piece of Creachling Theater. As long as it rests in the elixir-of-levitation, the Bumgardners are able to lift us up by the seat of our pants, quite literally.
 Lift us up? Daniel tried to hold on to both cane and seat. What do you mean lift us u? 
 Nikolass seat kicked up another ten feet, and he could feel the wind thread around his ankles. Very carefully, he looked under the stone seat. They must have been individually carved, allowing them to separate from Creachling Theater.
 Theyve hexed the seats, Jack giggled. Were going up into the sky to see the dryads give bi
 The lights went out. 
 Violin music, thin and sweet, mixed with the crowds murmurs. Between the stage and the seats, satyrs played on pan flutes while being corkscrewed into the air on round stone platforms. With another flash of light, twenty elfling women appeared on the stage, singing a mysterious melody. Soon the night sky was filled with thousands of excitedand a few warypassengers drifting skyward on their stone seats, like so many snowflakes caught in an updraft.
 Lirs voice called from below, Please thank our Bumgardners for enchanting all eighty-thousand stone seats, so we may witness a greater display of the dryad birthing! 
 Caroline reached out for Tim and Daniel, creating a daisy chain of floating seats. Nikolas grabbed Xanthuss hand and Malmedy grabbed Nikolass. He didnt know why, but her clammy grip made him laugh.
 Simply brilliant, an old wizard cried. The Merrows have outdone themselves!
 Well worth the price of admission and a break from me hole, a badger chattered. He held onto his wifes hand while their two children sniffed the night air. 
 Its so beautiful, Helen yelled. 
 Nikolass gaze returned to their nightly journey. The crowd had ascended eye level to the Byra mountains.
 Xanthus leaned his stone towards Nikolas. Do you know whats about to happen?
 No, Nikolas said. Is this from your bestiary? 
 The dryad birthing? Yeah. Xanthus let go of Nikolass hand to suppress another fit of coughs before continuing. Its beautiful . . . at least the way they describe it. 
 Right you are, Master Xanthus. Dangus clicked his tongue. But I must confess, never seen it quite like this. Them Merrows are something else.
 Whats happening? Helen pointed to the valleys.
 Thats what I mean, Dangus said.
 Huron Valley had been a black sheet under the night sky, but now green lights flickered deep within the trees. After a few minutes, hundreds of thousands of lights rained upward.
 Those are the dryads, Xanthus said. They live in the forest, but the mother dryads come out once a year to give birth to their children.
 Now theres a mystical folk. Dangus smiled, his red hair flickering in the breeze. Dryads used to live at the roots of the Byra Mountains, didnt they? Tended to them, made them grow. All of them were flung from the mountains bellies by the jynnus star that made Huron Valley epochs ago. Theyre one of the ancients. The first creatures of the valley, I daresay. They look after our trees nowsinging oak, pine and such. . . . Blast it to Bobshire, my jynuss! Dangus had unwillingly morphed into a sea troll and nearly collided with a Harynne guard. Sorry that! 
 Emerald lights began zinging and zanging between the stone seats.
 Where are they going? Nikolas asked. 
 They cant give birth out in the cold, Xanthus said. Itll kill the newborns. 
 Going to them volcanoes now, Dangus added. He had gotten a grip on his jynuss, and was floating back to the group. 
 Volcanoes? Nikolas said. 
 Byra Mountainssee them mountains hugging Huron Valley? Dangus smiled. All dormant volcanoes, but the dryads drill down, down, down. Have to lay their eggs deep, deep down in the lava. Only way for a baby dryad to be born Dangus blew up into a wildebeest and began spinning around again. For pity sake!
 Xanthus tightened the swagger afghan around him and carried on Danguss explanation. The dryads have a connection with the mountains heart. Many Huronite doctors have written papers and held long debates on their relationship with the mountains. Some think the dryads are actually a part of the mountain, thats why they never wander too far from their first home. But the cool partwhy the call it the festival of lightsis that when the egg touches the lava, it
 Suddenly, a light zipped into Xanthuss afghan. He carefully unfolded the blanket and found a mother dryad there. She was no bigger than a sparrow. Nikolas still struggled to remember all the different lings, but her pointy ears and size told him it was a faerling. She had a translucent body and the wings of a dragonfly. In her arms were hundreds of small eggs that lit with a brilliant green. The eggs must have been what made the dryads glow. 
 Xanthus scooped the mother dryad up, its light reflecting off his pallid face and large unblinking eyes. They lay their eggs in the magma. It takes the extreme heat of the mountains lava to hatch them. With a smile, he lifted her into the air and let the dryad continue on. There you go, mother dryad. There you go. 
 Nikolas caught Daniel staring at his brother with a worried expression.
 Hey, Nikolas said to Daniel. Seems like hes having fun. 
 Daniels gaze returned to the dryads, but he didnt acknowledge Nikolas. 
 Soon, the dryads had created a ring of green light above the Byra Mountains. They began descending into the mountaintops.
 Oh my! Malmedy adjusted herself in the seat. This is gonna be summin else! 
 The last dryad disappeared into the mountain, leaving the valley in darkness again. The crowd quieted.
 BOOM!
 The top of the northwestern mountain range showered light. The crowd responded in cheers.
 BOOM!
 BOOM!
 Fissures of light sprayed the clouds underbelly, and the mountains roared as only a mountain can. 
 BOOM!
 The valley exploded with millions of dryad infants spinning and swirling through the night sky. Xanthuss hands were in the air, and Dangus whistled.
 There it is, Xanthus said. The birth of the dryads. 
 This is awesome! Nikolas shouted. He stood to his feet and whistled at the show. Helen and Jack joined him. For the next hour they watched the sky swirl and swim with the baby dryads. Like infants they wandered aimlessly, confused about where to go. But with the direction of their mothers and a little instinct, they finally drifted toward the forests to begin their new life as tree-tenders. 
 Voices praised and applauded the Merrows all the way down to Creachling Theater. A fine show, a fine show indeed . . . splendid . . . Merrows are the best thing to come to Huron in a long time! 
 Even with the laughter, Nikolas couldnt help but wonder about all the Dujinnin stuck on the ground in the mud and ice. Were they jealous? He looked down and got his answer. 
 The Dujinnin marched out in droves. 
 Thousands made for the exits, leaving food and tents and fire pits behind.
 Bummer, Nikolas said under his breath. 
 Glad I stayed for the lights this year, Malmedy said as the stone seats wedged into their places again. Those were summin else! Now, Dangus, take me home. 
 Youre going home? Nikolas said. We just started. 
 Aw no. Malmedy shook her head. Im way too old to be messing around at some festival in the middle a winter. Aint nobody got time for that! Sides, I gots to start preparing for the Ferret Festival. Its in four days. Dangus. Lets get on home. 
 Dangus looked at the cheering crowd longingly. Probably best if I stay behindlook after the youngins. I could get you a cab?
 You can get me a cab, Malmedy said. And you can get in it. Got too much cooking before the Ferret Festival. Come on now. Lets get on home. Malmedy readjusted her shawl and bonnet and began trudging up the steep stairs with Dangus in tow. 
 Now what? Nikolas said to Jack. 
 Oh, the nights not nearly over, he said. First the show, and then the carnival; dancing, music andGragillas! Jack suddenly wilted into his coat-of-elixirs with his stovepipe hat as a shield.
 What? Nikolas said. Gragillas are next?
 No, gragillas, Jack hissed. Fathers bodyguards. Hes forbidden me from keeping company with you. He wilted even further as several large, muscular creatures knuckled their way past Kings Booth. They looked like hairless gorillas, and about twice the height of a man.
 The creatures walked past without noticing them, followed by Sheriff Silas and his son, Beronn. 
 Nikolas thought they were out of the clear when Polythana, Silass maidservant stopped dead in her tracks. Her head turned like it was on a swivel, and then her shoulders followed after.
 She whispered, Hello, Steward. 
 
 
 
 
 Chapter 8

   


   hile people continued to cut around Polythana, she walked toward Nikolas. Her sallow, melancholic expression stayed on him. She tilted her head to the left, and then to the right, as if she didnt understand who Nikolas was. She slowly grabbed Nikolass wrists, her entire body now hanging over the stone bannister. Her hands burned cold. 
 Youre supposed to save us, Steward? Polythana asked, moving her fingers to his cheeks. Her tone held a mix of curiosity and interest. Can you? Darkness comes for us all. Does that matter to you? Do you hear her? Or have you given up? So greedy, the darkness. So greedy. How long will you fold your hands in fear? Will you let the darkness take it all away? Take. Take. Take. Tick. Tock. Take. Tick. Tock. Take.
 The first time Silass servant gawked at him at the City Council meeting, she gave Nikolas the creeps. This time she was down right bat-crazy. 
 Polythana? Polythana! Beronn yelled. Keep up, you . . . Jack? Beronn grabbed him by the collar. You insolent brat! Beronns lug-shaped face and scraggy beard were inches from Jack.
  What is the meaning of this, son? Silas said, stepping around Beronn. The Sheriff was covered head to toe in a rubber lining. Nikolas could see vein-threaded eyes through his goggles, and the decay of skin where the suit opened to his lips. 
 Just catching the show with my friends, Father. Jack pointed to the stage with a trembling hand. Beronn threw him to the seats. 
 I have forbidden you to keep company with the House of Lyons, Silas said, studying Jacks boots. He unrolled his velvet glove letting his jynusss grey-blue mist pour to their feet. Jack curled his boots back just as a shoot of grass turned bleach white.
 They carry the grim and disease of Huron on them.
 Traitor, Beronn sneered. Have you no fidelity? 
 Fidelity? Jack glared. Sorry, Im not Daddys lapdog. 
 Crack! Silas slapped Jack so hard his face smashed into Nikolass shoulder. Slowly, he rolled back into his own seat, but didnt look back up. 
 Nikolas rose to his feet. He was about to do a very stupid thing, but he couldnt stay seated one second longer. Back off. 
 Silas looked slowly to Nikolas with his goggled eyes and lowered his hand. Or what, boy?
 Ill call the Harynne. You cant abuse Jack like that.
  Will you call the Harynne? How? The Sheriff took off his hat, revealing a velvet cowl. They are under my orders not to assist you in any way. They will not come. Now, you could call your grandfather. Where might he be? Gone off on one of his adventures, I suppose? Will one of your mealy-mouthed brats come to your aid? I doubt it very much. You will call no one, boy, because no believes you. No one trusts the voices in your head. You are powerless to save anyone, especially after tonight. You will lose everything.
 Nikolas opened his mouth, but nothing came out. Every response seemed stupid and childish.
 I warned you, Nikolas Lyons. Huron will take it all away, leaving you destitute and alone. She is greedy, greedy as the Celizic Wells are deep.
 Beronn looked behind him just as burgundy curtains rose from the stage floor. He raised a pocket watch to Silas. Father?
 Yes. Do look at the time. Then Silas repeated the Dujinnins words, Enjoy your front row seats, Steward. 
 They continued their walk. Polythana gave Nikolas one more glance. 
 The curtains retracted, revealing a seventy-foot water tank. It was an underwater set filled with Merrow actors and actresses. 
 On seeing the tank, Huron cried: A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 Everyone applauded, but Nikolas dropped to the seat and grabbed his knees.
 A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 And now Lir returned to center stage. my wife, Nia, is quite the playwright. She has written a beautiful play called The Daughter of Ixthus. We hope you enjoy.
 A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 Applause filled the stadium again. 
 Nikolas pounded his leg and clenched his teeth. Cheers swept through the seats. He tried not to scream Hurons words. 
 A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 He tasted something? Blood? He wiped his upper-lip. 
  Whats wrong? Helen grabbed Nikolass hand, her gaze fixed on his bloody nose.
 Itsits her . . . Nikolas looked to Helen. She returned an expression of concern mixed with . . . doubt.
 Like Nikolas was an insane person. The Sheriff was right. No one would believe him. It was best to keep his mouth shut. Dont ruin all the fun.
 A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath!
 Nikolas grabbed his waist.
 Seriously, Nikolas. Whats wrong? Helen whispered.
 Nothing, Nikolas smiled, painfully. 
 Helen kept her eyes on Nikolas for another moment, then settled back to her seat. 
 Between Hurons words and the acid rising in his stomach, Nikolas couldnt follow the first act of the play inside the Merrows stage tank. All he knew was a mermaid had been raised by an elderly couple in a small village on the Cliffs of Somber. They had raised the mermaid as one of their own, slipping morphiseleus in her tea every night. Evidently, morphiseleus let her retain human form. 
 Nikolas regained some focus about the time the maiden opened her mothers diary, and, raising her hand dramatically to her mouth, threw the book down. The maiden had just discovered she was the long lost daughter of a wealthy Merrow. 
 At the moment Nikolas was about to sit back up, the shadowy outline of a creature passed behind the glass tank. 
 Suddenly Huron screamed: A DARKNESS BORN BENEATH! THE BREATH TO END ALL BREATH!
 The shadow drifted slowly across while the outline of a four-fingered hand rubbed the glass. 
 Merrow actors halted. Notes were missed by the satyr quartet. The Harynne guards shifted their stance.
 A DARKNESS BORN BENEATH! THE BREATH TO END ALL BREATH!
 The shadowy hand pulled away, then slammed down: CRACK! 
 Guards! Nikolas yelled.
 CRACK! 
 River-like fractures ran down the tank.
 CRACK!
 The sound of breaking glass reverberated throughout the theater.
 CRACK!
 A dozen Harynne vaulted to the platform. 
 A DARKNESS BORN BENEATH! THE BREATH TO END ALL BREATH!
 The shadow-hand raised one last time and slammed down on the Merrows glass tank: CAR-RACK!!
 Glass exploded and water swept the stage. Harynne were thrown into the front row ahead of the Merrows. Everyone jumped from the front row seats just as Kings Booth was engulfed in salt water. 
 Xanthus yelled in his raspy voice, Thats the monster, Nikolas! Thats the gorgon! 
 Behind the carnage stood a malformed beast, breathing fast and watching on as the Merrows smacked their tails like wet fans. Hind legs held up a frame that looked like a green-skinned body ravished by tumors. Lips curled back, revealing piranha teeth set below tiny coal eyes. But there were no snakes on the gorgons head, just a misshapen cranium. 
 The gorgon walked slowly toward a mermaid desperately crawling through the bloody glass. Thats when the snakes appeared. Hundreds of tiny slits on its head opened, releasing a mass of red-eyed serpents. They spun freely at first, but when they found the mermaid, the snakes gathered up into one slithery motion and moved toward her. She tried to twist away, only to be pinned down by two of the larger snakes. All of the others reared their heads together, unhinged their jaws, and breathed out a black mist. Nikolas realized the mermaid was about to turn to stone. 
 He stood to his feet.
 The mermaids cries went to an audience running the other way. Terrified citizens were clawing over each other, spilling over the sides of the theater. A strong impulse rang through every muscle in Nikolass body. He had to help the mermaid. 
 A sensible voice warned him otherwise: What about the Council of Teine? Theyre going to drag your friends away to the nearest orphanage if you get involved. But he pushed the voice away, saying, The council will just have to get over themselves.
 Months of confusion suddenly washed away. Nikolas knew what needed to be done. He tightened his bowler hat and leapt onto the stage.
 The Steward of Huron must face the crazy.
 
 

 

   


   eihh! screamed the mermaid. She beat the gorgons chest, but couldnt push away from the black breath. 
 Nikolas climbed to the stage, then stopped. Now what was he supposed to do? His plan to save the mermaid from the gorgon hadnt developed beyond leaping heroically onto the stage. 
 All right. I need a good idea, Nikolas said. Then he saw itone of the most basic weapons in combat. Fire. 
 Nikolas grabbed a torch out of its post and charged forward, leaving a trail of smoky cinder. He repositioned the torch like a knife and shoved it into the monsters spine. 
 Ungghaaahhh! the gorgon screamed, its snakes spitting back at Nikolas. It leapt across the stage and away from the fire.
 Are you all right, maam? Nikolas said to the mermaid. 
 She nodded quickly. Tears ran down her cheeks, but her skin remained unchanged. It seemed the gorgon hadnt finished what it started. 
 Watch out. The mermaid pointed a bloody hand. 
 The gorgon held a ceramic bowl prop filled with water. Nikolas crouched, preparing to jump out of the way. The gorgon raised the bowl over its head and next thing Nikolas knew, he was drenched head-to-toe. More importantly, the torch sizzled into a puff of smoke. 
 OK. Didnt see that coming. 
 Before he could scramble for another torch, the gorgon backhanded him and the world turned into a Ferris wheel. Torchlights and stadium, torchlights and stadium, torchlights and
 Blackness.
 A sliver of glass cut the edge of his mouth. Nikolas grabbed his head and stood, moaning. He was right where hed started, between Kings Booth and the stage. Except this time, several Harynne were circling the gorgon, blocking Nikolass view. He heard one of the elven guards cry, For the city of Huron! 
 Then came the sound of boots charging. Sword sliced air. Metal armor scraped wood. A grunt. There was a terrible cry followed by the snapping of a bone. Three Harynne stepped aside in time for another Harynne to sail across the theater. He landed at the edge of the stage, wide-eyed. Nikolas extended a hand to help the Harynne up, but he didnt move, not even a blink. There was something wrong with his neck. It bulged in the wrong place. His hand retreated. 
 Im looking at a dead person, Nikolas realized. The gorgon had snapped the Harynnes neck.
 Hed never seen a dead person before. 
 Captain Shaw cried, Electn elek mei!
 All the Harynne responded, Electn elek mei! In one motion, thirty guards charged one gorgon. 
 The next few minutes were a bloodbath for the Harynne. Some stabbed at the gorgon, only to be swiped away. Others dared too close and were smashed to the ground like rag dolls. At one point, the gorgon grabbed an iron bar from the Merrows tank and swept the stage. Harynne flew into the seats. Soon, Nikolas was surrounded by the cries of the injured and dying.
 Again, Nikolas leapt on stage. Again, he stood alone. The gorgon saw him, and with a roar, swung the iron beam. Nikolas rolled, letting the metal swing across the stage and bang into the Bumgardners tank. Elixir-of-levitation sloshed into the fire, sending up billows of purple smoke. 
 Nikolas! Captain Shaw yelled.
 Captain Shaw. Nikolas looked to the Harynne captain, who was clenching a maimed hand.
 The tank, lad! Keep the gorgon away from the elixir-of-levitation. The theater seats are still hexed. If the creature knocks over the elixir, the seats will fly into the air and cast the citizens to their death.
 Nikolas looked back to the theater. Thousands of Huronites were still scrambling over the stone seats.
 No! Nikolas held his hand out to the gorgon, realizing what Captain Shaw was saying.
  The gorgon lifted the iron beam and swung again. Nikolas ducked and the beam smashed into the tank. Dozens of theater stones ejected, throwing the fleeing Huronites into the night sky. Metal scraped stone near Nikolass feet. He looked down and saw a katana sliding toward him.
 Use it, lad, Captain Shaw ordered.
 Thanks, Nikolas said. But metal doesnt stop it. Fire worked for me.
 Noted, Captain Shaw said.
 Nikolas grabbed the katanas hilt, unsheathed it, and lifted it unsteadily. It weighed much more than he expected and was sticky with the mix of gorgon and Harynne blood. He looked up just in time to see the iron beam swing at him. More for defense than anything, he raised the katana. Sword met iron, cutting through the beam like water. The gorgon stumbled with only half of its beam left.
 Wow. Nikolas looked to Captain Shaw. Its really sharp. 
 Yes, Captain Shaw said. Its been powerfully hexed.
 Rauggh! the gorgon yelled and leapt toward him. 
 Nikolas rolled, scrambled to his feet, and ran to the center of the stage. Surprised not to have Nikolas in its clutches, the gorgon twisted around and prepared to leap again. 
 Suddenly, seven points of fire flared around Nikolas and spun into a closing circle. He was trapped inside a ring of fire.
 Thats not good, Nikolas raised his katana and started to back away. But before he could duck, the points of fire slammed onto the katana and lit it into a fiery torch. He looked quickly to the stadium seats and found Helen holding her flute. Nikolas nodded thanks, and then charged the gorgon. He swept the flaming katana across the monsters chest, leaving a line of fire. 
 Reigghh! the gorgon screamed at its burning chest. The snakes turned on the flames, hissing and biting at them. 
 The fire swelled.
 Nikolas raised his arm, protecting himself from the searing heat. The monster reeked of burning garbage. The flames collapsed into smoky plumes, and the gorgon rolled to the ground.
 Nikolas smiled at Helen. Figured out those notes?
 Rain of Fire, Helen said. Just sort of came to me. But I could only play the notes that fixes fire to weapons.
 Seriously, thanks, Nikolas said. He gave a short breath and let the katana tip to the ground. After a moment, he looked to the stadium. The rows were emptying quickly, except for a turtle-riding sloth. The sloth was whipping the turtle with a small reed and screaming, For the hills, Leonard! For the hills!
 Nikolas, Tim hissed. The council. Remember? 
 What are you guys doing here? Nikolas said, realizing Helen wasnt alone. Get Xanthus away from all this. Are you crazy? 
 We tried, Tim said. It was a stampede, and then seats started popcorning away with people still on them.
 Nikolas, Caroline called. Its time to go home. 
  Go back to Manor Minor without me, Nikolas said. I have to make sure the Harynne are all right. There could be more of those things.
 Come on, Nikolas, Tim said. What are you going to do with that big sword? The council doesnt want us involved, remember? Theyre going to send everyone to a work camp if they see you up here.
 Im the steward, right? Huron told me something bad was going to happen tonight. Look around. Im sorry, but Then Nikolas saw them. Uh, guys . . .
 What? Tim said. 
 Theres more, Nikolas whispered.
 Yeri turned and gasped, Oh my. 
 Hundreds of gorgons were slinking over the seats.
 Yeah. Theres definitely more. Nikolas held out a hand. Climb up, now!
 Everyone grabbed the edge of the stage and pulled themselves up. 
 I thought there was just one? Helen said.
 Nikolas raised the fiery katana. Evidently not.
 Something odd appeared just behind the gorgons. It looked like a sheet of paper drifting in the night, until the golden tassels came into view. 
 Rug! Nikolas said. Awesome. 
 Rug flew in front of them. Yeri picked up Xanthus while everyone else tried to scramble on. In one great surge, the gorgons leapt into the air and landed in a wave. Rug reared back, throwing off his passengers. 
 They were now completely surrounded by one hundred hissing gorgons, baring their scissor-like teeth. 
 CREAAAAK.
 Whats that sound? Helen said. 
 Before Nikolas could respond, a beam kicked up, knocking him off balance.
 Uh oh, Nikolas said. This stage wasnt made for battles.
 The stage cried out in agreement. Wood beams whined, then flicked skyward, throwing up glass and dead bodies. A cacophony of snaps followed. 
 And then the ground fell away. 
 The descent was so long, Nikolas and company had enough time to ponder how far the hole went down before meeting their unavoidable death. 
 
 

   


   hahh! Nikolas yelled more out of surprise than pain. Instead of falling on stone, they had landed on some kind of soft, flaky substance. He tried to scramble out of the way of a teetering small beam, but slipped over the flaky substance. The beam banged against his rib.
 Ow, Nikolas said. He rolled the beam off.
 What is this? Daniel asked. He tried to wipe the flakes from his neck and sleeves. 
 You guys OK? Nikolas called out. Groans and whimpers told him that no bones were broken. 
 Nikolas took his first deep breath and almost retched. That smell. Its awful. What is that? 
 Its their breath. Xanthus said, scrambling to his feet. The breath of the gorgon.
 Yeah, Nikolas said. But this is pretty bad. Even for them. 
 Where are we? Tim said. 
 Underneath Creachling Theater, Yeris voice echoed off the cavern walls. Must be Catacombia, an underground network of tombs that runs through the greater part of Huron. Father would take me down here when I was a wee lad on holiday, to mothers dismay. But it was never this grubby. 
 The Earthlight cast a blue haze around them. What had been a stage now lay in wood splinters and theater props mixed with the flaky substance. Nikolas squinted into the darkness to make sure the gorgons hadnt followed them. He made out an underground cave twice the size of Creachling Theater with thousands of lights twinkling back at them. He squinted harder, imagining the twinkles to be the reflection of cave rocks from the Earthlight. But shouldnt the twinkles be white? He thought. These twinkles were red. 
 And they were moving. 
 Guys, Nikolas said as he kept his eyes on the red twinkles while bending down to pick up Captain Shaws katana. The gorgons? I was wrong again. There arent hundreds of them 
 Something like static came from the other end of the cave. It was the sound of countless hissing snakes. 
 there are thousands.
 Oh, no, Tim said. 
 This is a nest, Daniel said, rubbing the flaky material in his hands. Weve been above a gorgon nest the entire evening. This flaky substance, it must be their molted skin, like a lizard or snake. 
 The red eyes rolled forward, and the first line of gorgons stepped into the light. 
 Nikolass heart pounded. He unsheathed the katana, but the fire had been put out. We need firelike now! 
 I have bubble fire, Jack offered. But it requires a stiff breeze, preferably away from the operator. 
 Without warning, flames cascaded down, creating a fiery veil between them and the gorgons. 
 Nikolas started to congratulate Helen on her flute playing, but thensaw her empty hands. 
 Whats going o? Nikolass words stopped in his throat. The fire had turned around and . . . nodded? It was Captain Shaw, alongside a couple dozen Harynne. They were completely engulfed in flames, yet unburned. 
 Thats so cool, Nikolas said. 
 The captains lips parted, revealing the hollow of a white-hot mouth. Run, Steward. Run!
 Nikolas looked over his shoulder. Firelight danced across a small passageway with a sign hanging above it: 
   

 They all ran toward the passageway. 
 Nikolas turned back one last time. The Harynne moved into formation and Captain Shaw commanded, Protect the Steward with heart and life. 
 The battalion of fiery Harynne charged into the red-eyed horde.
 Come on, Nick! Tim yelled. Run!
   

 Shallow breaths and the battering of Daniels cane on the stone tunnel echoed through Catacombias passageway. They had run so long Nikolass lungs wheezed asthmatically. His body wanted to give up, yet he couldnt. Darkness stayed on their heels, and with it the possibility that a gorgon had slipped through the Harynnes firewall. 
 Jacks vial of bubble fire came in handy after all; it served as a source of light through the dark tombs. The vials jaundice glow pitched back and forth, revealing various tombs, their names, and the skull and crossbones tomb markers. But no one bothered to stop and read them. 
 Nikolas slowed down and looked back to see how Xanthus and Rug were doing. The magic carpet seemed to be keeping up pretty well. Sometimes hed get winded after a long run, but it would take more than a ten-minute sprint to slow Rug down, especially when he only had to carry Xanthus. Nikolas thought to tell everyone to jump on Rug since he could outfly any gorgon, but Xanthus had passed out and Nikolas didnt want to disturb him.
 Just when Nikolas thought to look forward again, Rug lurched. 
 Help! Xanthus cried.
 Xanthus! Nikolas yelled.
 Xanthus was being dragged into the darkness. Nikolas could hear his nails grabbing at wet stone. Hundreds of red snake eyes appeared and Xanthus cried, No! With katana drawn, Nikolas charged. Red eyes shot out, whipped around his thigh, and flung him to the wall. Dazed, Nikolas stood up again to charge, but a hand grabbed him by the collar. 
 Stop! Helen commanded. She took a deep breath and played a short melody. Behind the gorgon light cast onto the bend in the tunnel, shifting between yellow and orange. The tunnel flared red and something roared. Hearing the sound, the gorgon stopped the attack to look over its shoulder. A fireball in the shape of a bull swept around the corner and exploded, causing the gorgon to fling Xanthus aside. Xanthus grabbed onto Rugs tassle and they launched into the air. The firebull had missed the gorgon, and it now stood on its hind feet. 
 Run! Nikolas yelled. 
 They bolted, but the gorgon was frighteningly fast. Its toenails chipped the stone; every step closing the distance by half. The snakes shot out, testing their reach. Nikolas knew there was no way they could make it out alive. Helen repeated the melody line several times, each line producing the roar of a new firebull. On the fourth roar the tunnel blew up and four firebulls slammed into the gorgon. 
 Helen stopped to look back with a satisfactory grin at the writhing gorgon. Im getting the hang of thi The tunnel flared six more times. Her smile disappeared.
 How many did you call? Nikolas said slowly. Helen. How
 The roar of a half-dozen firebulls filled the tunnel. 
 I dont know, Helen said, her brow rising. I just kept calling them.
 OK, Nikolas said, as they all broke into a sprint. You can let them know were good now! 
 The tunnel seared white. Light from the firebulls was so bright the tombstones lost their shadows. There were no alternate passageways to duck down, only a blind corner up ahead. 
 Helen! Nikolas said. Too many. Thats too many! Turn them off! 
 Do you see an off-switch on this thing?! Helen screamed, waving the flute. Flutes dont have off-switches. They have holes, Lyons. Holes!
 Come on! Nikolas yelled. Use one of those magical spells or something!
 They careened around the blind corner. Fifteen yards ahead of them Nikolas could make out an opening to some kind of chamber. His legs felt like jelly, but he willed himself forward. The six firebulls swept around the corner seconds after and smashed together, merging into one great firebull and filling the tunnel with a chocking heat. Now, not only did Nikolass legs feel like they were going to seize up, he couldnt breathe.
 The firebull doubled its speed and the tip of Nikolass frock coat began to smoke. 
 Aiggh! Nikolas screamed at his burning coat tail. Abracadabra! Abracadabra! Abraca-down-boy! Abraca-sit-doggy! Heel. Heel. ABRACA-HEEL! ABRACA-HEEL!
 Everyone dove through the opening. 
 The firebull charged into the chamber, but couldnt change direction. Fire exploded on the opposite wall, sending a wave of flames and heat across the walls. The firebull snuffed out. 
 Even after the last smoky wisp diffused into the air, everyone stayed on the ground, panting. Rug had curled around Xanthus in a protective cocoon and Daniel lay flat on his back, his hand squeezing the neck of his cane. 
 Abraca-heel? Helen laughed at Nikolas. Did you seriously say abraca-heel? Was that your attempt at a magical spell?
 I dont know, Nikolas said, looking around for his bowler hat. Didnt hurt to try. 
 Im quite certain abraca-heel isnt a word, Daniel said. 
 It should be, Nikolas said. 
 He tried to find his hat, but the room was dark. A few thin shafts of light revealed a small brick chamber. Nikolas could make out five passageways reaching away from one another like outstretched fingers. Each passageway had a brass-plated sign above it: 
   

 Kings Highway. Jack crumpled to his knees, rattling his coat-of-potions. Thats our road. If we can make our way there, then itll take us back to the city gates.
 Before we go anywhere, Brandy said. Can someone please explain to me what just happened up there? Whats going on? 
 I think Father laid a trap for the city, Jack said. 
 Clearly, Nikolas said. Silas rounded us all up and sent those gorgons after us. Tried to turn everyone to stone. 
 Not us, Jack said. We were merely collateral damage. Father was after the Merrows.
 Why? Brandy said. 
 Because hes a Dujinnin, Jack said. 
 Really? Nikolas said. 
 Really? Helen said.
  Yeah, Jack said. Our family. Were Dujinnins. 
 Wait a second, Nikolas said. The Sheriff of Huron, a Dujinnin, gave sanctuary to Merrows? Why would he do that?
 Arent they like, sworn enemies? Helen said. 
 Yes, Jack said. 
 Werent you their slaves? Nikolas said. 
 Im afraid so, Jack said. The Merrows were our slave masters. For thousands of years we served their every whim. Their great enterprises and conquests were executed on the backs of my people, the Dujinnin. Even now they treat us like one of their slaves.
 Grimmelwald is a Dujinnin, Nikolas explained to the others. Thats why Mr. Waters treated him so badly on the Mottle Craw. Like he was nothing.
 Yes, Jack said. Once a Dujinnin slave, always a Dujinnin slave, in the eyes of the Merrow anyway. And thats also why those Dujinnin men were so upset with Xanthuss Merrow earring. It symbolizes our subjugation. Those pendants are of tremendous worth to the Merrows, and were used in the buying and selling of Dujinnin. In fact, Dujinnins were valued by the pendants. Most Dujinnin were worth a quarter-of-a-pendant, others were half-a-pendant, and very few a whole pendant. 
 So why did he give them sanctuary in Huron, then? Nikolas said. The Sheriff claimed he loved the Merrows at the City Council. Wanted to help them. I heard him say it.
 What better trap than the Festival of Lights, Jack said. Nearly every Merrow was there. And what he said at the city council was a lie. Father never wanted to protect them, he hates them. His every breathe is spent on his anger toward the Merrows. It was one of the reasons I ran away last year and have never returned to Ironvale Estates. I knew he was going to do something evil toward the Merrows and I didnt want to be a part of it.
 Yeah. Guess that makes sense, Nikolas said. This has all been one big trap.
 Could be no other, Jack said.
 It wasnt the first time the Dujinnin meant to trap the Merrows, Yeri said.
 What? Nikolas said. You know something about all of this?
 When I led Lir and his wife, Nia, to the safety of their fortress, they were also attacked by Dujinnin off the coast of Eynhallow, Yeri said. Nesses and ships were bearing down on the Merrow fortresses to trap them inside. Its why they sought help from the City of Huron, to take refuge here.
 But why does the voice of Huron keep calling the Merrows evil? Nikolas said. Sounds like they need help more than anyone else.
 It Yeri was about to say something, but he clutched his stomach. Forgive me. I have such a weak stomach. All this running has left me quite ill.
 It is a mystery, Jack said, guessing at Yeris words. Maybe the voice of Huron has become evil. It would not be the first time a citys voice turned to darkness.
 Just leave me alone, Xanthus groaned.
 Xanthus? Yeri said. Is it that voice again? What is it saying? 
 Its telling the gorgons to find me . . . to add me to . . . the others.
 Nikolas flipped opened the nuncio. Red lights flashed through the chamber, every flash representing a new gorgon attack. 
 Theyre all over Creachborough, Nikolas sighed.
 Tim opened the tongue-of-galley-trot and scraped the edges with a spoon until he had scooped out the very last dollop. Here you go, Xanthus. 
 Xanthus let his mouth drop and Tim shoved in the spoon.
 Do you have any more, Yeri? Tim said. Hes getting worse. Were going through a bottle a day, now.
 Yes, sir. Six more. Yeri handed a fresh vial to Tim and padded Xanthus on the shoulder. There, there now, Master Kobayashi. Well get you home soon enough. 
 Tim plunged the silver spoon into the new vial. All right. Kings Highway, Nikolas. 
 Nikolass back was to Kings Highway. Now that the Sheriff had played his true hand, how could Nikolas just retreat, go home? Running away seemed like the wrong thing to do. 
 Hey, Tim said. Brain Dead. Kings Highway? Home?
 Nikolas could feel the phantom weight of a katana in his open palm. Hed lifted a sword; taken on the enemy. For months, he had been too weak to fight back. All hed been able to do was watch his best friend turn to stone. But now . . . now he felt strong. Nikolas could save Xanthus, Huron even.
 Nick, Tim said. Time to go home.
 Were not going home, Nikolas said.
 Tim stopped in mid-scoop. What did you say? 
 Nikolas shook his head slowly. Were not going home.
 OK. Excuse me, but what? Tim said. Are you nuts? We have to go home. Those monsters are everywhere. 
 Nikolas kept his gaze on the other passageways. Weve got to find a cure. Xanthus needs us . . . Huron needs us.
 Nick, Tim said as if he were talking to an infant. There is nothing we can do. We need to get out of the city and away from those gorgons.
 How are we supposed to find a cure locked up in Manor Minor? Nikolas said.
 We arent supposed to find a cure. Were supposed to wait for the Council of Teine like we were told. They have the situation under control.
 Nikolas flipped open the nuncio and lifted it to Tim. The Harynnes police report showed a sketch of a gorgon picking a merman up by his hair. Tell me, Tim. Does it look like they have the situation under control?
 Mortification filled Yeris face. Dear me. 
 With the nuncio still facing Tim, Nikolas flipped another page. 
 A family desperately whipped their falcon-drawn stagecoach as two gorgons held them down by its wheels.
 Another page. 
 A gorgon smashed a wheeled water tank, letting three merminors wash to the ground. 
 Another page.
 A gorgons snake held up an elderly merman by the neck.
 First, Mr. Waters, Nikolas said. Then Prime Minister Shale, then Xanthus, then Yeri, and now, every second, someone, somewhere is turning to stone. The city has gone wheels off, and the council cant do anything about it. We need to find a cure, now. Not next week, not next month, now! I dont know how long Yeri has, but Xanthus only has three days left, at the most.
 Jacks gaze stayed on the flashing nuncio. I, for one, could care less about the councils opinion. Youre the steward. Im with you; Ive always been with you, mate. 
 Nikolass voice softened with a hand outstretched to Xanthus. Hes your best friend, your brother. Dont you guys care at all? .
 Duh! Of course we care, Brandy said, clenching her palms. Were not blind, you know! We get it. The galley-trot isnt working and Dr. Mendesmuss cant find a cure. Xanthus is going to die . . . Her voice cracked as months of tears poured out. I feel terrible. Xanthus is dying. 
 Without warning, Brandy flung herself into Nikolass chest. With snotty tears, she sobbed. I cant sleep or nothing. I keep going to all those parties cause I felt horrible every time I see Xanthus. I have to get out of the house, go some place where I can forget about everything. I dont have to think about how ugly I am out there, in high society. Thats terrible of me! How could I do that! Xanthus is dying and Im such a bad friend, Nikolas. Im such a bad friend. I know you hate me, you hate all of us. You should. We gave up on Xanthus cause were scared. Were not brave like you.
 Her sobbing became the only sound in the chamber for a few minutes.
 We care, Tim said. But at what cost? Its stupid to risk everyones life because youve got some great idea. Your track records pretty bad, Nick. Or do you need reminding? Tim lifted up his fingers and started counting down, You burned down a neighbors greenhouse. Blew a hole in the shed and almost all of us with it, heat-fried a poor goldfish, lit Hikers canyon on fire, destroyed, who knows how many nannybots, convinced everyone to come to this nightmare moonland of yours, crash-landed a space shuttle with ALL of us in it, then blew THAT up and Xanthuss Perlocks Mythological Bestiary. And to top it all off, got us abducted by a secret council who threatened us with child labor for the next ten years. Sorry if we dont just blindly follow another one of your plans of fire and death.
 So, save your own skin and let Xanthus die, Nikolas said. Is that it? Take the wussy way out.
 Dont you get it, Nick? Tim jumped around Rug. You destroy everything you touch. I just want us to be safe! 
 SO DO I! Nikolas yelled.
 Misty breath was Tims only response. 
 Nikolas lowered his tone. I want everyone to be safe, too. Thats why we cant sit around; pretending evil will get bored and move on. It wont . . . he wont. You know Sheriff Silas is behind all of this. Jack thinks so, even Grand thought so. He will destroy Huron if we dont stop him. Look, I know I make mistakes, and bad things happen sometimes, but Grand put this on me. He trusts me. Cant you guys, just a little bit?
 Xanthus took a deep, hard breath and rasped, Theres only three days left until the Ferret Festival. I dont want to die, guys. I really dont want to die.
 You wont, Tim said. Just be patient, Xanthus. Dr. Mendesmuss
 Shut up, Tim, Xanthus said. Dude, you just dont know what youre talking about. I swear every time you open your mouth I get a little more stupid. Dr. Mendesmuss isnt going to do anything, ever. Hes an adult and he doesnt care what happens to us. Hes got all of his Council of Teine business to worry about. Youre wrong and Im with Nikolas now. Im not going to wait around, dying, while you run off to one of your little parties. Do you even understand what its like to feel like this everyday? Wonder if Ill go to sleep and never awake up again? Turn to stone in the middle of the night. You know what its like to finally have my dream, discover a magical world, but know Ill die before I ever enjoy it? Heres the deal, Tim. Youre selfish. Thats fine. But Im gonna be selfish, too. Im going to live. 
 Xanthus took a breath, then continued. Sorry guys. I really dont want the Council of Teine to send you off to an orphanage, but if I have a chance to live, I will. Im with you, Nikolas. 
 The chamber fell silent.
 Nikolas is right, Daniel finally said. We cant go back if we wanted to. If Sheriff Silas really is trying to take over the city, then hell go after the councils, probably the Harynne, too. We would be an easy target if we returned to Manor Minor. Whats to stop him from beating the door down and throwing all of us in a dungeon? Or worse?
 Right, Nikolas said. The last place hed think to find us would be right under his nosein Huron. 
  We have about a weeks worth of galley-trot, Yeri said. 
 Then we stay, Nikolas said. At least for three days, until Ferret Festival?
 Everyone nodded, except Tim. 
 All right, Nikolas said. Alright. Lets go find a cure for Xanthus.
 And a bed. Caroline put a hand on Xanthuss blanket. We need some place to rest. 
 Nikolas nodded. Besides, we cant stay in the open with those gorgons everywhere.
 I might have beds for you in Humborough. Jack slipped leather gloves on as he spoke. They let me stay whenever my other options become unavailable to me. A bit of work would be required of us in exchange for room and board, but that is all. Though, Im not too sure how fond youll be of it. 
 Where? Helen chuckled. An orphanage?
 Jacks expression remained unchanged.
 Youre kidding? Helen said.
 Afraid not.
 Helen and Daniel shared a nervous expression. Theyd spent most of their time trying to get out of refugee camps and orphanages. Voluntarily staying at one didnt seem like a good idea.
 Fine, Helen sighed, if we have to. But only two nights, and then we move on, Nikolas.
 Nikolas nodded to Jack. All right. Wheres this orphanage of yours? 
 Well . . . Jack looked at the different passageways. Thats another matter. The catacombs are notorious for being wrongly marked. Only the down-dwellers know their way about. I need to be street level to guide us.
 Cant, Nikolas said. Creachborough is overrun with gorgons.
 Rug knows his way around, Caroline offered. He could get us through Catacombia.
 Rug lifted his right front tassel, signaling he was ready for duty. 
 Only the main streets since that was his old stagecoach routes back when he was a thousand pegasi, Daniel corrected, and even then he gets lost. Rug doesnt have the capacity to navigate through Catacombia. 
 Rug crumpled. 
 Sorry, Rug. Caroline patted the magic carpet. Nothing personal.
 Nikolas looked to Jack. Cant you give us a transporting elixir or something? 
 Transport us? Yes. Jack nodded. Transport us without leaving important bits behind? Not so much. Afraid I overcooked the parsnips.
 Thats a problem. Nikolas turned to the five street signs again: Acacia Way, Primrose Avenue, Frumen Boulevard, Novanglian Avenue, and Kings Highway.
 Suddenly, something grabbed Nikolass line of sight and pointed him to the Frumen Boulevard passageway. He closed his eyes and, in his minds eye, boosted through the Catacombia passageways to a bluff overlooking Humborough. Where do you need to go again? Nikolas kept his eyes closed. 
 Corner of Chop and Glotts would do. 
 Nikolas zoomed to the Chop Street and Glotts Road intersection. 
 I can get us there. Nikolas opened his eyes. 
 How? Jack said puzzled. 
 Huron. Nikolas closed his eyes again. Shes showing me the way.
 That is something else, Jack said.
 But we need to stay underground for awhile until we get out of Creachborough, Nikolas said. Its completely overrun with gorgons.
 So basically, sneered Tim, the Nick spells been recast? 
 They all grabbed a tassel and jumped on Rug. Nikolas directed the flying carpet at the Frumen Boulevards passageway.
 Ill take that as a yes, Tim mumbled. 
 

 

   


   ikolas followed Hurons visual directions for the next hour. Catacombia became icy as they passed beside Loch Huron Harbor. Jack expected to meet up with the harbingers, a creepy race that specialized both in the foretelling of a persons impending death, and the selling of a Catacombia burial plot to that person at a reasonable rate. Many questioned the harbingers involvement of said persons impending death. However, the only other creature they encountered was a Rickaboo. At the moment, it was peddling off family heirlooms stolen from Huronite citizens while they slept. Jack asked the Rickaboo about the Catacombia. It groused, complaining, Them snake heads overran the tunnels, didnt they. Forced most of us out, the buggers. 
 Eventually, Catacombia ended at a bluff and rusted iron gate. With a stiff heel from Helen, it banged open. Before them lay a small valley of chimneys and lamplights.
 Humborough. Jack smiled. Ah. And there it is. Chop and Glotts. Good job, Nikolas. 
 While everyone edged around the outcropping, Nikolas looked on to his city. Fog rambled between tree stump-shaped houses, and towers rose above rooftops like sinister periscopes. He could hear the dull, typewriting sounds of horse-drawn carriages and smell the soured scent of humlings crammed into small spaces. 
 Humborough looked alien to Nikolas. He really didnt know herso many parts of Huron were hidden to him. What did Grand say? Mon was the cradle of all magical civilization, making Huron the melting pot of that magical civilization. What goblin-like creature lurked behind those shadowy alleyways?
 Jack led them through a maze of streets until they found Glotts Road again, which had turned into a cul-de-sac.
 Theres our orphanage. Jack pointed to a four-story stone house. No lights were on, but the chimneys chugged black smoke. 
 Two signs hung over the door:
   

 New management? Jack said slowly.
 They know you, right? Helen said to Jack as they weaved between crates covered with large rats chitting on about the quality of Mrs. Petersons rubbish over Mrs. Grunns. 
 I doubt it. A shame, too, Jack said. Mr. Tweeling wasnt your most cheerful mate, but Mr. Hocgager was awfully generous with the arbuck rolls. 
 Jack told them to stay behind a line of prickly shrubs while he made sure the cul-de-sac was devoid of bloodthirsty gorgons. He tipped and toed and pranced like a ten-ounce gazelle . . . strapped down with a sack full of glass vials. The twelve-inch hat didnt help Jack either. 
 Eventually, he made it to the orphanages large, black door, but not before room lights flickered and suspecting heads pushed through the windows, mumbling some indistinguishable profanity. Jack signaled that the coast was clear. Once they were all gathered at the door, he tapped the iron knocker.
 Silence. 
 Jack tapped it a second time. Silence again . . . then came the sound of unlocking that was so loud and took so long, one wouldve thought the door a siege gate. 
 Hello there, said a woman wearing an ivory-colored dress in the shape of a lamp. Her lips were painted bright red, her blush a perfect circle, with triangular black lines for eyebrows. More so, her joints didnt seem quite human. They looked . . . marionette?
 Sorry. Wrong door. Helen twisted on her heel. 
 Dont be ridiculous! A man appeared beside the woman. He also looked like a human-sized marionette with his bib, candy cane suspenders, and handlebar mustache. Come in, youth. Come in. My sister and I are delighted to open up our home to the lost and wandering.
 Helen didnt move an inch, her droopy-eyed suspicion fixed on the siblings. The siblings locked their wide plastic smiles on her. The more her eyes drooped, the more their smiles widened. 
 Helen groaned. 
 She stiffened her forearm and flicked her wrist. The glass flute shot out from some hidden contraption in her sleeve. One false move, Lyons she leaned into Nikolas. And Im gonna light the place up.
 They followed the strange brother and sister inside the orphanage. One step into the orphanage and it was obvious Helen didnt have anything to worry about. The house seemed fine, a little creepy in a Dutch grandmother kind of way, but fine. The front room was tooth-white and smelled like wood and cinnamon. Austere furniture had been placed in perfect geometric positions. It was the hundreds of marionettes hanging on the wall that gave it the creepy, Dutch grandmother feeling. The dolls hung with their mouths open and arms outstretched, as if they were going to jump down and put all of them in a sleeper hold.
 Oh, it has been so long since children have come for a visit. Where are my manners? I am Girtrude, and this is my brother, Jrgen. Girtrude held out a bony palm for a handshake. 
 Helens hands remained locked. Were not childr
 Toys! Yeri cried, his eyes fixed on all the marionettes. So many toys! Even his green pockmarked skin couldnt hide the twinkle in his eyes.
 The children love playing with them. Jrgen took a gangly step past Helen. He grabbed a blond-haired marionette girl, held it out by its control bars, and pointed it towards her. 
 Helen picked up the control bars. With upper lip curled, she moved the control left, then right. The strings lifted and the arms and legs responded accordingly. Were a little too old for toys, she said, locking her gaze on Nikolas, and orphanages.
 Oh, allow me, Helen. Yeri snatched the marionette happily.
 With Helens gaze still locked on Nikolas, she whispered, Where are the other orphans? 
 I dont know. Nikolas looked around. Probably sleeping? 
 Something doesnt add up, Helen said.
 Jrgen squeezed his white-gloved hands together. If marionettes arent to your liking, child, weve a whole other collection of the finest toys Huron has to offer.
 Do you? Yeri squealed, bouncing on the balls of his feet. Ill have to take a look. Oh, this is something else. I used to own an entire village of ghoul marionettes. Unfortunately, Mother overheard me call one of the ghouls Nilred and made me burn the entire lot of them.
 Nilred? said Nikolas. Bad word?
 In a manner of speaking. That was my mothers name.
  You dont look so well. Girtrude inspected Yeris face and then Xanthuss. And neither does that young boy there. How about we bring up some swagherders pie and nutmeg milk to your rooms? Let you rest up a bit. 
 No one objected to food and bed. They were quickly escorted to their rooms, one for the girls and the other for the boys. Within minutes, swagherders pie and steaming nutmeg milk sat at their door on tin plates. The boys gulped down their milk while Xanthus was curled up on his bed, chewing his swagherders pie slowly and softly. 
 Nikolas looked around the room. It had to have been the nicest orphanage ever. By the way Mrs. Parcels threatened them with orphanages, Nikolas thought they were dank, evil places where nameless children spent their days working the mines and sleeping on dirt floors with the rats. But this orphanage was filled with large pristine beds, brand new clothes in the closet (for which everyone was grateful, since they were still dressed in their evening wear), and a floor so clean one could eat off of. Nikolas did see Helens point though; the beds were all empty. A four-story orphanage should be filled with orphans, right?
 But Nikolas didnt really care. He was beyond exhausted. Without attempting to crawl under the sheets, he flung himself across the bed. 
   

 An hour had passed and Nikolas still couldnt sleep. In part because he was being stared down by dozens of freaky marionettes hanging on the bedroom wall in the dark. But really, his brain just refused to shut off. Now they were in the thick of it, he really wondered if this was a good idea. He couldnt lose Xanthus, but was staying in Huron a good idea?
 Instinctively, he patted his frock coat for the nuncio. Maybe he missed a clue somewhere? Maybe a Harynne guard had come across a cure to counteract the gorgon breath? He slipped out the Harynnes book. It strobe-lighted red even before he even opened it. 
 The citizens must been turning into stone by the second, Nikolas thought.
 He opened the book and immediately panicked. It had been flashing red because someone was erasing the reports. There had to have been thousands of pages of Harynne reports detailing gorgon attacks, and they were flashing into non-existence. The Sheriff mustve figured out how to erase them all. 
 He caught a page just before it blinked out of existence:
   

 The report flashed red and the page went blank.
 Nikolas sighed. He put the book away and closed his eyes, hoping for just a minute of shuteye.
   

 Nikolas! Helen yelled.
 Wha? Nikolas jumped out of bed. He didnt remember falling asleep. 
 Nikolas! The Wendell sisters called out in unison. 
 The boys fumbled from bed and charged the girls door. Brandy and Caroline were huddled on a canopy bed behind Helens outstretched arms. 
 Seven monkeys hung from the chandelier and canopy beds. They were dressed like the wizards of Huron with their white wigs, satin clothes, and black-buckled boots. Their fur seemed strange, as if woven from yarn, and their eyes appeared to be made of little marbles. These werent your average monkeys.
 Theyre toys, Nikolas said. 
 No kidding, Helen answered. Freaky monkey toys. 
 Reeihhh! Reeiihh! cried a monkey dressed in a womans petticoat and bonnet. With one hand, it pulled open a drawer and clawed at the contents. Girls clothes spit out everywhere. In its other hand was a lip-paint stick. Having emptied the drawer, the she-monkey hopped to the vanity mirror. It wiped the lip-paint across its brow, on its cheek, all over its petticoat, and finally on the mirror. 
 Get off, you miscreant! yelled the vanity mirror. Ugly, ugly, littlemonkey beast!
 It returned the mirrors insult. Ooohh, ooh, wreeigghh! Wreigghh!
 The she-monkey saw Nikolass reflection in the mirror, turned, and called to him, Oohhhh, ehhh, ehhh. It did a somersault, bounced off Tims head, swung around the canopy bedpostcausing the girls to scream againand landed in Nikolass arms. 
 Glass she-monkey eyes stared back at Nikolas.
 Awww, Caroline said. She likes you. 
 After an awkward moment, it pointed the lip-paint stick to the ceiling. At first, Nikolas couldnt see anything, and then something that looked like writing in lip-paint appeared. 
 My lip-paint!! Brandy yelled to the ceiling. That cost a sulmarepence, ape-turd!
 The she-monkey rolled her head over Nikolass shoulder and bared its cotton teeth at Brandy. EEIGHHHHH! 
 Brandy retreated to the huddle, but her expression stayed defiant. 
 Lamps, Nikolas said, his eyes remaining on the ceiling. 
 Soon, the smell of kerosene lamps filled the room, and they could make out the words:
 
   

 Ludwig found us, Nikolas said. He turned the toy monkey upside down. It shrilled at the carpet. There, on the bottom of its foot, was a stitched L. Yep. Its a Ludwig. He sent us another clue.
 Whats with all the clues, Helen said. Why doesnt he just give us a cure for Xanthus already?
 Not too sure why, Jack said. But Ill tell you one thing. They sure cant spell.
 They can spell. Daniel limped to the middle of the room with eyes on the ceiling. He had left his cane behind in the rush. The backward and misspelled lettersits a code. A variant of Huronite code system. Late third epoch by the look of it.
 Nikolas looked at Daniel. Seriously? When did you find time to learn about Huronite coding systems? 
 He only sleeps three to five hours a night, Helen said.
 Daniel nodded. I require little sleep. It is my intention to test out of second semester remedial and end the governments Huronite construct. Spend most nights in the library catching up on our magical city. 
 Still believe were trapped in the Matrix? Nikolas snickered.
 Wait, Daniel, Caroline said. Was that really you in the library last night? I wasnt dreaming? 
 Yes, Caroline, Daniel nodded. You are quite the sleepwalker. By the way, I forgot to thank you for the milk and cookies. 
 And the Caroline swallowed. 
 Yes. That too. But I assure you, it meant nothingto me at least. 
 Caroline tightened her shawl. Nikolas and Jack exchanged a smirk. 
 It was a hug, you silly boys. Caroline punched Jack in the chest. Get your minds out of the gutter.
  All right, Nikolas said. A piece of paper and a pencil. We need to write out those lett 
 Ic. Treeb. Raghouse, Daniel cut Nikolas off. 
 What? Nikolas said.
 The letters spell Ic Treeb Raghouse, Daniel said. Now, what it means? I dont know.
 Smart monkeys, Jack said. Its not Ic. Treeb. Raghouse, Daniel. Its Ictree Brag House. 
 The beauty house! Brandy jumped, clapping her hands. Ohmygosh. Ohmygosh. Ohmygosh! Its like, only the most premiere spa for the social elite. Puh-lease tell me were going. Puh-lease! 
 Its in Old Huron, Jack warned. The Dujinnins live there, making it the most dangerous part of the city. But wizard wives swear by the ancient practices of the Ictree, which cannot be moved or transplanted, so it stands. 
 Then we go, Nikolas said. First thing in the morning.
 Sounds like a plan, Jack said.
 They took a few more minutes to plan out the day. Caroline said she would stay behind and help Yeri look after Xanthus. Tim told her where he kept the stash of tongue-of-galley-trot. 
 Nikolas went happily to bed. Xanthus and Yeri would be cured by this time tomorrow. He was going to beat the crazy. 
 
 

   


   he cold stole Nikolass breath as Rug flew between Dujinnin overhangs and rooftops. In spite of the wintry conditions, Dujinnin filled the streets, cutting a black vein of mud and cobblestone through the snow. 
 Their houses were shoehorned into city blocks, all leaning onto one another for support. Rooftops, peppered with chimney ash, sent up a spoiled smell. According to Jack, Dujinnin burned dead moss bugs because they couldnt afford real firewood. Nikolas wondered why youd even bother with a fire when your walls were nothing more than patches of tin sheets and pressed wood, letting snow drift freely in and out. The only solid pieces of structure were the wheels. 
 Every building had been equipped with large, iron wheels. 
 On closer inspection, Nikolas spotted a few more solid structures. The houses were rigged with mechanized wings and gyroscopes; an assortment of cannons outfitted the roofs. Not only did the Dujinnin houses look mobile, they looked war-ready. 
 Rug rounded a corner, and Nikolas saw a Dujinnin woman beating a red carpet with her one good arm, while the other sleeve hung flat. The woman stopped to watch them glide through her alleyway. Her coal black eyes told him everything.
 They werent welcome here.
 Nikolas was glad they left Xanthus behind. Hes not sure what a Dujinnin in Old Huron would have done if they spotted his Merrow earring. Then again, was it a good idea for any of them to be flying across Old Huron in broad daylight? What would keep a Dujinnin from informing Sheriff Silas of their activity? But time was of the essence, and Rug was ten times faster than walking on foot through the snow.
 Rug slowed as they approached Ictree Brag House. It was a two-story plaster house with a clay roof. One could almost feel the house puffing out its chest with pride. It stood set apart from the dilapidated neighbors, a flower in the icy squalors of Old Huron.
 A large burlap sign hung under the awning.
   

 Another sign hung just below the first one:
   

 Nikolas didnt understand all the Merrow/Dujinnin drama, but he was pretty sure this was not the sign to hang dead smack in the middle of Dujinnin quarters. 
 Rug refused to be left at the door with all the ruffians and scalawags lurking about, so he lifted up a few stories and onto an overhanging portico. 
 They pushed through the wooden doors and Brandy let out a gleeful whimper. Ictree Brag House was a hall of mirrors. The walls were mirrors, the ceilings were mirrors, the chandeliers were mirrors, and even the flowerpots were mirrors. If one struggled with self-image issues, this wasnt the place to be.
 Nikolass gaze turned to a woman concierge standing at a small, mirrored podium. She wore black, round sunglasses, and an olive green dress with buttons so tight that if one popped, itd kill a man where he stood. Her skin seemed unusually smooth, almost as if stretched over a ceramic bowl. And her mouth looked a little too full and a little too round. When they got closer she bared a row of sharp, incisor teeth. Down and to her right, one could see a snack bowl. Instead of the familiar peanuts or candies, the bowl was filled with raw meat. At any moment now, Nikolas expected to see the woman flick out her forked tongue.
 He-lloo, Brandy called out gleefully to the reptilian-faced woman.
 The woman inspected all points of her visual map: North, South, East and West. If they felt unwelcomed by the one-armed Dujinnin woman, then complete disgust best described the concierge.
 This is no place for r-r-rogues and r-r-rascals, said the concierge, her rs sounding like a reptilian growl-hiss. Go terrorize the Dujinnin. Only if Madame Tingley would move us to a pr-roper-r home, I might have a moment of peace. 
 Were not rabble, lady, Nikolas snapped. We just want to check out the place. 
 Check out the place? The concierge sneered. Check out the place? You suppose you can have your-r-r way about Ictr-r-ree Br-r-rag House, checking ou 
 Excuse me, maam. Brandy leapt to the front of the group. I am Brandy Wendell. Um, you may have heard of me among Hurons higher echelon? Im bringing pink back. 
 Brandy paused, waiting for an affirmative from the concierge. The woman said nothing.
 Anywho. Your spa is a-mazing. We all would be ever so grateful, as, you know, grateful as the stars are high in the heavens or something, to tour the Ictree Brag House.
 She sniffed at Brandy and stepped around the podium. Youre dressed like a street ur-r-rchin. Your hair-r-r looks to be a resor-r-rt for-r-r the whole of the Hur-r-ronite lice population, and your-r-re infected with one of the lar-r-rgest squatters I have seen in my thr-r-ree-hundr-r-red year car-r-reer as a beautician. On principle alone, I would r-r-rather be hung by my thumb joints than
 Triolet. What is the commotion? a voice called down the stairwell. 
 Madame Tingley, Triolet said.
 A woman stood at the top of the stairs. Her hair was arranged like an unnatural orange croissant, and her skin was similar to Triolets, though not quite as reptilian. She appeared young, but her feeble steps proved otherwise. Strangely enough, her black dress seemed a stark contrast to her vanity. 
 Forgive me, Madame Tingley, Triolet said. Just escor-r-ting some ur-r-rchins from the pr-r-remises.
 Is it too much trouble to remove the Dujinnin miscreants without disturbing all the customers? Madame Tingley growled. Master Vargas wouldnt stand for such ineptitude. 
 Very sor-r-ry, Triolet said. I will call the Har-r-rynne immediately.
 Have you listened to anything Ive said, or is your brain filled with bark, woman? No Harynne. Escort them out quietly. Madame Tingley rotated slowly and started her ascent back up the stairs.
 Madame Tingley! Nikolas tried to yell around Triolets escorting arm.
 Hush now, boy, or-r-r I will call the Har-r-rynne, Triolet hissed. 
 Hes the Steward of Huron! Brandy yelled.
 Madame Tingley stopped. 
 I said hush, Triolets voice rose as she pushed them to the door. She tur-r-rned away the Stewar-r-rd of Coth a week ago due to an unexplainable growth on his knee. Madame Tingley isnt taken by kings and stew 
 Steward? Of what city again? Madame Tingley said. 
 Nikolas took off his hat. Huron. Our city.
 Youre the grandson of Nikolas Lyons the eleventh? Madame Tingleys expression remained walled, but her eyes shifted to Nikolass hair. 
 She resumed her steps up the stairs. They have full access to the house. Leave them be. 
 Thank you so much, Madame Tingley, Brandy said. Your house is . . . exquisite. I will like, totally be returning as a customer and long-time patron!
 I know not what wizar-r-rdry youre about Triolet bared her teeth. but Madame Tingley never-r-r goes back on her word, so I suggest you be on your-r-r best behavior. Stewar-r-rd or not, this is the Ictr-r-ree Br-r-rag House! 
 The beauty house was split into an east and west wing, they chose the west wing. Nikolas found a hallway filled with Dujinnin servant children dressed in togas, speeding in and out of doorways. Just as they turned the second corner, a boy rushed past with a pail of slugs into a room. In the middle of the room was a green soupy bath chock-full of mermen, their tails sticking out of the tub. The room next to it held a half dozen men and a pair of satyrs laid out on beds. Servant children were smacking their backs with Ictree branches. They followed the hallway, which led them around the house to the east wing. It was filled with more of the same. 
 Nikolas did notice something peculiar about the clientele. They too had reptilian-like faces. Some more than others, but the features were still there. Brandy informed them that everyone who was anyone knew this was beauty in its purest form. If you wanted to be the most beautiful woman in Huron Valley, this is what you had to do.
 After three hours, Nikolas and company had checked every room, but they werent any closer to figuring out the clue. Finally, Nikolas suggested finding this infamous Ictree. They exited at the end of the east wing into a garden surrounded by a high, brick wall. The wall looked to be stemming the tide of its Dujinnin neighbors.
 At the far end of the lawn stood the Ictree. With a very short trunk, its branches reached high and outward. Nuts dragged down its limbs, creating a canopy of sorts. Surrounding the Ictree were dozens of signs that read:
   

 Gnomes were scattered across the lawn. They were clothed head to toe in silk overalls, leaving no part of their skin exposed except for their round, orange eyes. They held wooden pails while wandering the frosty lawn directly under the Ictree. Sounds of plunk, plink, plunk, came from nuts being dropped into their pails. Other gnomes stood on long ladders, grabbing the slugs that clung to the bottom of the leaves and nuts. 
 After navigating around a gated alligator pool, they spotted several benches at the edge of Ictrees branches. With a couple of kicks and swipes at the snow, they cleared a bench.
 This place is awesome. Brandy plopped down, her squatter flower bouncing with her. I would so love to have Triolets job.
 Youre kidding me, right? Helen said. If I never come back here, Id be OK.
 Whatever. Brandy jutted out her bottom lip and blew the squatter, which had now grown two new leaves. 
 Plink. A nut bounced off Tims head. Oww!
 Yeah, Helen said. Pretty sure Id commit a crime punishable by death if I had to work here.
 Tim picked up the nut and inspected it. It had a soft green shell. He peeled the shell open. Instead of a kernel, it was filled with blackish goo. 
 Probably shouldnt mess with that, Nikolas said to Tim.
 Really? Tim said. Youre one to talk. 
 The black goo spilled out of the nut and onto a patch of grass. Tim moved his finger toward the black goo. Before his fingertip could even make contact, the black goo reached out from the grass stem and latched on to his finger. 
 You guys need to expand your social horizons, Brandy said. I mean, we cant all be a bunch of social misfits and expect to get anywhere. Ugh, stupid squatter. She blew on it again. 
 Gross! Tim wiped his fingers on his pants. 
 Suddenly, green blades of grass sprung from his fingertips. 
 Umm, guys. . . . Tim rubbed his fingers harder, but that didnt help. The green blades crept past his wrists, making its way to his elbow. Guys, what is happening right now!? 
 What? Brandy stood up. What did you do, Tim? 
 I dont know! Tim looked around desperately. The grass had now spread past his elbow and up his shoulder.
 Help! Brandy yelled to the Ictree House. 
 Because everyone was focused either on Tim or the house, they didnt notice a gnome marching across the grass. It unbuttoned its onesie mask, revealing a ragged cone-cap atop brownish-red hair. He whipped out a small stick and grabbed Tims grassy arm.
 Release the foolish boy from foolhardy hands and faint eyes! The gnome whacked Tims hand with the stick. The grassy skin dried up and fell away, revealing pink skin again. 
 Tim flexed his fingers. What just happ 
 Read the sign, boy. The gnome pointed to the lawn.
 Um, Tim said. Climb the tree, pick the nuts, and touch the slugs at your own peril.
 The tree, the slugs, and the nuts all contain morphiseleus. Do not touch! The gnome wagged his finger. He turned back to his work with a harumph.
 What just happened? Helen said. 
 The Ictree secretes a form of morphiseleus, Jack said. The nuts contain the morphiseleus, and the slugs ingest it.
 Wait, whats morphiseleus again? Nikolas said. 
 Its a substance of imitation, Daniel said. Drop a dab of morphiseleus onto a blade of grass, touch that blade of grass, and youll turn to grass. Whatever the morphiseleus comes in contact with, so will be the fate of its victim. Wait, Tim said. I wouldve become a 
 Spring lawn, Daniel finished his sentence. 
 Thats right, Helen said. You used morphiseleus in that elixir, Jack? For the Festival of Lights?
 Right, Jack said. Its how we changed your features, made you and Caroline ugly. The morphiseleus was mixed with skin of horn-toad, then applied to your own skin. Though that elixir had a counter-agent that negated the morphiseleus after six hours. It is also the source of Madame Tingleys power of rejuvenation.
  So like, Brandy said, Madame Tingley mixes the morphiseleus with something else to make her clienteles skin smooth as . . . alligator belly hide! Brandy jumped to her feet. The alligator pool? She actually mixes it with alligator. Thats why everyone looks all snakey. I am literally grossed out right now. 
 Still want to work for Madame Tingley, Brandy? Helen said.
 Uh, yuck! Kidding me? Basically turn into an alligator? Brandy said, gawking at the alligator pool. Thats why that concierge lady looked all lizard-creepy. Ew.
 She must dilute the alligator hide, Daniel conjectured. A diluted mixture of alligator and morphiseleus would give the desired traits. Shed have to. Morphiseleus in its concentrated form would turn them into an alligat 
 Daniel and Jack looked at each other, exclaiming in unison, Morphiseleus!
 The clue! Its morphiseleus! Jack laughed, flinging his stovepipe hat into the air
 I reveal the living. Conceal the dying, Daniel stood to his feet, quoting the toy monkeys clue. It reveals the living by making everyone look young. And conceals the dying by covering their true age. What about the rest of the clue? I am the tree, but I am the slug, but I am the power behind it all. Morphiseleus is the power behind it all . . .
 Everyone waited for Daniel to finish his thought.
 Dont you see? Daniel said. I am the tree, but I am the nut, but I am the slug. The tree excretes the morphiseleus. Its delivered through the nut. The slugs also ingest it.
 OK, Nikolas said. What does that even mean? The gorgons turn people into stone by mixing morphiseleus and rock together, then blows it out on them? How does that even work?
 No, no, Daniel said. Ludwig wants us to know were going down the wrong path. Certain kinds of creatures can also secrete morphiseleus. Some secrete the substance, others spit it, a few even breath it out in an aerated form, like the gorgon. The clue must tell us the gorgon has been breathing morphiseleus on its victims. The gorgon doesnt turn people to stone. They turn them into . . . Daniel stood to his feet, rubbing the back of his neck. That cannot be right.
 Wait, Nikolas said. Doesnt make sense. If the gorgon breathed its own morphiseleus on Xanthus, then hed be turning into a gorgon, not stone. 
  Youre correct, Nikolas, Daniel said. That is exactly what Im saying.
 Huh? Brandy sat up.
 Daniels face sunk. Something near emotion came over him. He stood up on his cane. Xanthus isnt turning into stone, hes turning into a gorgon.
 Wait, what? Nikolas said. But the statues? The gorgon breathed on all of them, and they turned to stone.
 Daniel shook his head. Did they turn to stone? Have we ever observed the full transmutation? Think about it. The Merrows take away the body before anyone ever observes the process. A day later a statue suddenly appears. But no one has seen the entire process. Check your nuncio, Nikolas. I bet you wont find one victim actually turn to stone.
  I cant, Nikolas said. The nuncio went blank last night. But youre right. I never saw anyone actually turn to stone. The Merrows would just suddenly show up, claiming the bodies needed to be taken away for proper stratification. Then the stone bodies would show up. . .
 Youre right, Daniel! Even on the Mottle Craw, I didnt see Mr. Waters turn to stone. I only sawwhat was it? Grimmelwald said it looked like his innards had been sucked out? 
 His innards werent sucked out, Daniel said. It was his skin left behind. We fell through the stadium onto that gorgons nest. What broke our fall? That soft stuff. The flaky substan 
 Gorgons sloughing off their old skin, Jack said. Like a snake.
 Kind of, Daniel said. But a snake is simply growing, molting off its old skin. These victims are going through metamorphosis.
 Just like those bugs at home, Brandy said. Remember, Helen? All those bugs crawled out of that old pond. They were gross, weird-looking, six-legged things. The next morning, I found a ton of those dragonflies on top of them. I totally freaked out. Thought the dragonflies had sucked out their guts. But thats not what happened at all. The dragonflies were those bugs. They were shedding their old skin. 
 That is right, Daniel said. When the Merrows showed up, they wouldnt take away the bodies, they took away the shed skin. 
 Nikolas stood to his feet. We figured it out. Guys, we figured out the clue. Were doing it. Xanthus has 
 Im an idiot! Daniel smacked the ground with his cane. Everyone jumped to their feet. He smacked it again. Then he started swinging wildly, clipping off shrubbery and spraying snow powder through the air. 
 Daniel. Nikolas grabbed his arm. 
 Im so stupid, Daniel said, breathing fast. Just a dumb, stupid boy! I premised my understanding of gorgons on Greek mythology, expecting that to be our source material. Had it all backwards. This world is the source material. By the time Greeks developed their gorgon mythology, it had been changed, warped.
 We figured out the clue, Nikolas said. We can fix Xanthus.
 No we cant! Daniel countered. Weve accomplished nothing. So we know hes turning into a gorgon instead of stone, but that doesnt change anything. We still dont have a cure. And now were probably too late. Im just a stupid, idiot boy who couldnt see the obvious. Why his skin was falling off, why the Merrows would take away the bodies, claiming they needed proper stratification. I shouldve seen it all along. Now, my broth Daniels eyes were puffy red. Xanthus has less than a day before hell turn into one of those horrible monsters. WE NEED REAL ANSWERS! He yelled to the Ictree. 
 No one knew what to say. They just watched the back of Daniels scalp. 
 After a minute he sat down on the bench, but didnt turn around.
 Okay, Nikolas nodded slowly. All right, then. The obvious thing to do is go see the guy who keeps leaving all the clues. Lets go meet the toymaker, Ludwig. 
 Daniel said nothing for a moment, then slightly turned his head and spoke, That would actually make sense. 
 So where is Ludwig? Nikolas said. 
 Youll find him at his toy factory most days, Jack answered. Western side of Midgborough, with the rest of the midglings. Hes a dwarf.
 Of course he is, Helen said. A dwarf who runs a toy factory. Almost writes itself.
 Right. Nikolas said, half-grinning. Well go talk to that Ludwig guy, face-to-face. No more stupid clues. Well just ask him directly. Nikolas launched to his feet and sprinted to the house , waving both hands in the air. See, guys. We got this! 
 
 
 
 

   


   ug launched out of Old Huron and toward The Toy Factory. With little time, Nikolas decided to take the quicker route and tugged Rug above Hurons cityline, before angling back down to dwarfquarters, on the western edge of Midgborough. 
 A wall of fire surrounded Creachborough, just like the nuncio had reported last night. The flames belched smoke, leaving Hurons sky a metallic gray. Behind the smoke Nikolas could see that the Harynne guards were still battling the gorgons. The elven guards were flying on the back of Westchester dragons, sweeping in and out of the streets. Dragons were the only creatures who dared to navigate through fire, and Westchesters were the only breed of dragon that would allow a rider on them without extreme duress. 
 A little part of Nikolas felt guilty. Shouldnt he be over there helping the elves protect Huron and fighting off the gorgons? He thought to check the nuncio to see how the Harynne were doing, but remembered it was blank. Besides, it had been feeding him bad information about the Merrows turning into stone for months. Nikolas decided Huron would have to hold on a little longer. They had to find a cure for Xanthus before it was too late. 
 The closer they got to Ludwigs Toy Factory the more nervous everyone grew. The factory happened to be set three blocks away from Creachboroughs fiery wall and the advancing gorgons. Nikolas knew he risked flying too high and too close, but he just didnt have another choice. They were running out of time. 
 They dropped down to dwarfquarters and its main plaza. Several gyropeds, and a two-waltzing cycle lay abandoned to the icy streets on the spot. Dwarf-shaped automatons wandered aimlessly through the road, as if they had been given instructions to perform a certain task, then left to their own fate. And at the center of an intersection were three copper platted trolleys smashed into each other. With Creachborough bordering most of dwarfquarters, the inhabitants must have been the first to evacuate. 
 Rug zipped down the main plaza and through a small grove of cedar trees. A cobblestone path, cleaned of snow, wound at least half a mile to large brass gates. An ornate brass L had been hewn to the gates. It was open and unguarded. 
 Looks to be abandoned, Jack said. Those are Harynne guard stations.
 The Harynne were probably called up to defend Creachborough, Nikolas said. 
 They flew over the brass gates. The Toy Factory was an array of structures bunched together. The buildings were all different, but all related, like a family of freaks on picture day. The largest building stood in the middle. Its roof swirled to a point, reminding Nikolas of a czars palace. Two brick towers buttressed the main building. The short one stood to the left and the tall to the right. The tall building sent out shoots of orange smoke and seemed to be attended to by several blacksmiths. Behind the main building peaked a kind of aviary. It was high enough for Nikolas to see shadowy bird figures fly up and down. To the left of the factory were about a dozen large iron spheres hoisted up by metal rods. The spheres looked like old submersible tanks, and were laid out in a grid pattern. Colorful lights burst through the spheress thick glass windows. 
 Rug quickly dropped them to the main buildings brick steps leading to a doorway. They quickly jumped off. Instead of a door though, there stood a large, tin plated box. It read: Ludwigs Arcadius Extraordinairius
   

 The Arcadius Extraordinairius looked confused. To be exact, the maker of the Arcadius Extraordinairius looked confused. It had various knobs and levers, with pipes sticking out of unexpected places. It all looked to be made of tin. A cone, like the stewards horn, hung out the right side of it. In the center was a round dim glass. 
 Nikolas looked behind Arcadius to see if he could find a handle. With no luck, he finally looked into the machines glass screen and said, Hello? Anyone there? 
 Some kind of gears clicked from inside Arcadius, there was a release of air, and an eye in a metal cylinder shot out from the side. It stopped at Nikolass face. 
 Uh, hi? Nikolas said.
 The cylinder looked like one of those old timey stoplights back on Earth. Nikolas leaned into the eye. It was real and it floated in some broth-like liquid. He wasnt sure which creature the eye originated from, though. Dolphin, maybe? With the help of a mechanical arm covered in a rubber sheath, the eye moved from Nikolas to every other person. After creeping everyone else out, it returned to him. A green light appeared inside of Arcadiuss glass screen. A hollow, dull voice spoke from the horn, and words, written in black woodblock letters, filled the screen:
   

 Would you like to play a game? Whereve I heard that before? Helen said. Isnt that, like, a quote from some American play or something?
 No, I dont want to play, Nikolas answered. I need to talk with Ludwig. Its important.
   

 I seriously dont have time for this, Nikolas said. He looked around Arcadius again and finally found a doorknob. Hey. Theres the door. Ill just grab thataaaagh! Electricity sped through Nikolas and he found himself looking up at the sky, moaning. Everything felt tingly and sharp. 
 He moved his head up to Arcadius.
   

 Daniel hobbled to Nikolas and bent over. Logic would dictate you cannot enter until youve played a game, Nikolas.
 Yeah. Think I got that now, Nikolas growled, standing back up. He dusted off his bowler hat, squeezed it on, and rolled up his sleeves. Fine. Lets play.
   

 At the moment Nikolas said, Riddles, everyone else yelled, Strength!
   

 Everyone groaned the word, Nikolas. 
 What? Nikolas looked back at them. Riddles? Mind puzzles? How hard is that. I can totally do riddles. 
 Daniel shook his head. Well never get in. 
 Thanks for the support, Nikolas said.
   

 Bring it, Nikolas smiled. 
 The woodblock letters on the screen disappeared, replaced with more wooden letters. 
   

 What gets wetter as it dries . . .  Nikolas said. Wetter as it dries? Uh, the snow? The snow. Thats my answer. 
 The snow?? Daniel smacked his own face. What?
   

 Yeah, well. Just warming up, Nikolas nodded to himself. 
 This will not end well, Daniel said. 
 You want to help? Nikolas said. 
 Yes, actually, Daniel answered. 
 Good. Thenthen help, Nikolas said, turning back around. A new riddle appeared.
   

 Nikolas looked back to Daniel, who was conferring with Jack. 
 Yeah, seems to be, Jack said. 
 Sawdust, Daniel said. 
 Sawdust? Nikolas said. 
 Jack nodded, Yeah, mate. Sawdust.
 OK, Nikolas turned back to Arcadius. Sawdust. 
   

 Well done, Jack said, patting Daniel on the back.
 But instead of opening the door, the eye juked left and stopped at Jack. It looked up and down. It moved to Daniel. Again, it looked up and down. A small electrified prod flicked out of the brass eye case. 
   

 Cra-zzap. A burst of electricity zapped Daniel. He went down, face first. 
 Cra-zzap. Jack followed.
 Sod off! Jack yelled back at Arcadius.
   

 Ooh, Nikolas put his hands up. Sorry guys. Didnt know it would do that. Um, can someone help Daniel? Hes drooling.
   

 Uh, yeah. Nikolas bobbed up and down on his heels. Never so cursed as when set free. When set free. Ah, a birbird. Parakeet. Lets go with parakeet.
   

 Everyone exploded with laughter, except for Nikolas. He was feeling stupider and stupider by the moment. 
   

   

 Nikolas blew his cheeks out. I dont know. Um . . . Wait! I got it. A mask. You know, like a superhero mask or something. 
 Gears cranked and clanked from inside Arcadius. It fell silent for at least a minute. Then spoke:
   

 Riddle! Nikolas said. Youre kidding me. Riddle? That is lame. The answer to a riddle cant be a riddle! Who does that?
   

 The eye disappeared into the machine and Arcadius shut down.
 Riddle? Nikolas said. You have got to be kidding me.
 That last one actually seemed a bit insulting, Jack said. 
 Mask. It really felt like the right answer. Nikolas scratched his head. 
 Maybe Arcadius will allow someone else to try, Daniel said. 
 Forget that! Helen marched up to Arcadius. We dont have time for any more stupid clues. Do you hear me you retarded pinball machine? We dont have time for this! We need to get in. Look. We get it. Nikolas is of average intelligence, at best
 Seriously guys. Nikolas raised his hands. That hurts me deep down inside. 
 But you cant hold that against him, Helen yelled. We need to save Xanthus! Let. Us. In. She kicked the machine with every word. Im. So. Over. Lud. Wig. And. All. His. Stu. Pid. Clues!!
   

 Arcadiuss automaton arm came back out, but the porpoise eye had been replaced with a red boxing glove. The glove squared with Helens nose. 
 She stiffened her arms. Dont you da
 The glove punched her in the face. 
 Everyone let out a gasp. Helen teetered for a second, her hair whipped around her mouth. 
 Oh no you didnt! Helen yanked out the flute from her sleeve and played one long note. 
 Ground erupted. The maw of a giant worm with jagged teeth engulfed the game machine and dragged it down. Before they knew it, Arcadius and the front door were gone, leaving a big gaping hole in front of Ludwigs Toy Factory. 
 Helen walked up to the monsters hole and raised her flute in the air. Punch that!
 What in the world? Nikolas said. 
 It was a shishang-po, Daniel said the name in a thick, Japanese accent. Female version by the coloring.
 Tim leaned over the hole. Helen. If I ever make you angry, please forgive me.
 Forget that, Nikolas laughed. Marry me! Youre awesome.
 Helen gave Nikolas a strange look, then turned back to the large pit the shishang-po just left behind. Now, to Ludwig. And I swear if I have to put up with one more of his stupid clue
 Youll call a shishang-po to swallow me where I stand, said a voice in a slight german accent. Nikolas looked up to see a small, dwarf approaching them slowly.
 Ludwig? Nikolas said. 
 Im afraid to answer that question, Ludwig said, glancing down the hole.
 The toymaker had a well-tended beard, pointy and sharp. Rose-colored spectacles lay on a receding hairline, and he wore a multicolored robe. He lowered his left arm, which was greasy to the elbow. In his hand was an iron box with a horn attached. 
 Leaning over the hole Ludwig sighed, Frauelin. You need to learn how to play more. 
 Play more! Helen yelled. Ill show you play more, you hobbit! We 
 Nikolas put out a steadying arm. Helen doesnt mean it. Look, Im Nikolas. Steward of
 Huron. Ludwig finished his sentence. Of course. How else would a Lyons enter a building? he lifted the small horn box. At the moment automaton crabs with iron clamps were creeping around Ludwig. Stand down. He spoke into the horn. The automacrabs pinchers moved to their side, but they kept their guard next to the toymaker. Im afraid my toy factory is guarded by an extensive lethal defense system. Eating doors is not taken lightly. 
 No offense, Nikolas said. But whats with all the crazy games just to get inside? Does opening a door to a toy factory need to be such a big deal? Theyre only toys. 
 Ludwig breathed deeply. This factory holds technological wonders and engineering secrets beyond anything Huron has seen or will ever see. If my secrets fell into the wrong hands, the blood and death between the brother planets would be incalculable. 
 I have found one of the greatest tragedies of adults is their propensity to turn toys into weapons of terror. If you are bent on destruction, then I do not want you near the secrets of my toys. To get inside my factory you must be willing to play. I do not trust those who are unwilling to play. 
 Vulnerability fell across Ludwigs face. I have lost too much to those who do not know how to play.
 The toymaker returned his gaze to Nikolas. Still, you are a Lyons. Your family is like a cub that bites too hard. The cub may hurt you, but it does not mean to. He waved them in. You may enter.
 They edged their way around the hole and through the opening. The toy factory was alive with activity. Numerous wheels turned by chains and leather belts. Some belts were hooked with buckets carrying material up and down. Others turned by steam-powered machines. A myriad of looms, staffed by Dujinnin and dwarves, were busily weaving. Dozens of women with white aprons stood to their left at high tables. 
 Should you not evacuate? Daniel said. The gorgons are advancing on Midgboroughs walls. 
 Well evacuate soon enough. Youll find this toy factory to be far more mobile than on first glance, Ludwig said with a slight twinkle in his eyes.
 This is cool and all, Nikolas stopped Ludwig, but we actually came for something else. All of the clues youve been leaving about Xanthus. Were running out of time. Cant you just give us a cure for the gorgon infection? 
 Excuse me? Ludwig said, frowning.
 The clues? Nikolas said. Come on. We know youve been sending us those toys. The toystheyre Ludwigs. You know, they walk and talk. The pirate, Captain Bluecheeks? The clue led us to the Hall of Keepings with all those creepy rats? Told us it was a gorgon that attacked Xanthus. Then you sent the wizard monkeys? Led us to Ictree Brag House? Found out Xanthus was turning into a gorgon. You know . . .  None of the examples seemed to stir any recognition on Ludwigs face, which only frustrated Nikolas. 
 My apologies Ludwig shook his head. but I have no Monly idea what youre talking about. I have sent no such clues.
 Come on, Nikolas laughed. All the toys have an L on the bottom.
 My toys are quite popular, Ludwig said. Chances are youll find it difficult to find a toy in Huron not made by me.
 But do they come prepackaged with a riddle? Nikolas said. I mean, we just went through a barricade of riddles to get into your little toy factory here. Thats all you do. Who else would beat around the bush, sending cryptic puzzles instead of just telling us whats going on? Look, I get it, Nikolas whispered. You dont want to get into trouble with Sheriff Silas, so its all hush, hush. But we cant wait around for another clue. Xanthus is going to change into a monster tomorrow.
 Nikolas hoped his revelation about Xanthus would finally convince Ludwig to give up his charade. 
 While I do like my puzzles and clues Ludwig touched his beard. I assure you that I have never sent you such a clue. I did send one for your grandfather to return to Huron, per request of the city council. I left that in future Machu Pichu, I believe. Your being here tells me he found it. Other than that, I have left no such clue.
 Stop it, Nikolass voice rose. Quit playing stupid. Were going to lose Xanthus if you dont do something! 
  A couple of children stopped playing with their toys and looked at them. 
 Ludwig moved his wizened eyes to Nikolas and held them steady. Son, he said. I have lost a loved one in a way you can never imagine. She was torn from this reality and taken to a place I cannot follow. She haunts me, even now. If you were to lose a loved one to a disease and I had the cure, I wouldnt dare risk their life on riddles. 
 I think hes telling the truth, Helen said. He doesnt have the cure.
 Nikolas stared at Ludwig, struggling to accept that he couldnt help them. Finally, he sat down on a bench. What are we going to do, guys? The Ferret Festival is tomorrow. Xanthus turns into a monster tomorrow. He buried his hands in his hair. 
 Jack looked to the workers while Daniel bunched his shoulders up, ready to speak, but nothing came out. Nikolas watched the smithies work their kilns. Sooty Dwarves carried scrapes of iron and large hammers. Pounding metal could be heard and Dwarf words were thrown between workers and taskmasters like tides of molten metal.
 What do we do now? Nikolas said. 
 I may still be able to help, Ludwig said. I am good at puzzles. What has happened so far?
 They exchanged glances. Daniel nodded. To begin, Nikolas heard voices in his head. 
 That sounds terrible if you put it that way, Nikolas said.
 Back on future Earth, Daniel continued, he heard a voice warning him of the Merrows. They 
 But the voice called them Rones? Jack said. As I heard the tale at least.
 Yes, Daniel said.
 Then there were these freaky trackers that chased all of us out of Colorady City, Helen said in a more hurried tone. Grand showed us the magic moonland here with his stardust. Told Nikolas that he was the steward of Huron, and the Merrows needed his help. Remember, Nikolas didnt know the Rones and Merrows were the same. Nikolas said hed go. Thought this life would be less crazy than future apocalyptic Earth. Grand said we could all come along, too. We said yes. 
 Took one of your chronostones back, Ludwig, Nikolas said. Dumped us on past-Earth. From there we had to take an aero, um, The Mottle Craw, back to Mon, and then Huron . . . Oh, right, right. Thats when the creature breathed on Xanthus. On the aero, that is. Grand took us to the city council to report on the creature attack. We met creepy Sheriff Silas there. No offense, Jack. Also, Yeri showed up at the council. Had a message for me from the Merrows, but he didnt know they were bad at the time. I never read the message cause Huron wouldnt let me. Suddenly, Xanthus got sick, like, really sick. We took him back to Manor Major. Dr. Mendesmuss came and diagnosed him, but didnt know what he was sick with. Did say that Xanthus had until the Ferret Festival. After that the Sheriff kicked us out of Manor Major. We went to Manor Minor. Grand left us that night. Got the first clue about Xanthuss illness the next morning from Captain Bluecheeks. Went to school. At this point Nikolas was pacing back and forth. Tried to figure out the clue. Found out at the pack rats Hall of Keepings that Xanthus had been attacked by a gorgon. Figured he was turning to stone. Council of Teine abducted us. Told us to stop following the clues. We came back. Yeri was also sick. 
 Yeri? Ludwig said. The stagecoach driver?
 Yeah, Nikolas said. I guess he felt bad and wanted to help Xanthus, so hes been hanging out with us. Anyway, he was sick. We waited until winter before we did something; actually we waited until the gorgons attacked the city at The Festival of Lights. Stayed in Huron at the orphanage. Got the second clue last night, which led us to Ictree Brag House. Learned that Xanthus wasnt turning to stone, but into a gorgon. We freaked out cause Xanthus has less than a day, so we came here, to you. 
 Hmm, Ludwig nodded. He reached inside his robe, pulled out a golden yo-yo, and flicked it out of his stubby fingers. He rolled the yo-yo to the ground without looking down. It spun back to his hand and he rolled it out again. They watched him repeat the move several more times. Finally, he missed and the yo-yo clunked to a stop. 
 Yeri, Ludwig said. I do believe he knows something.
 Daniel pivoted and looked to Nikolas. To be honest, Ive considered that, too, Nikolas. He was the Merrows stagecoach driver, and then theyre messenger. They sent him here to deliver a message to you.
 Which I never read, Nikolas nodded. Thats right. Huron wouldnt let me read it. 
 What was in that message? Daniel said. Maybe Yeri read it.
 That could help. Nikolas got to his feet. We need to talk to Yeri, now.
 Four brass horns rang through the toy factory. Ludwig leaned over the catwalk and found a half-dozen automacrabs circling three gragillas. He lifted his voice box and pulled off the speaker mesh to reveal a viewer. The gragillas looked back at him from the viewer and through the eyes of the automacrabs. Beronn elbowed the gragilla out of the way.
 May I help you? Ludwig said. 
 I am Beronn Gorringe, Beronn snarled. Deputy Sheriff to Silas Gorringe. Where is my brother, Jack? By authority of Sheriff Silas, we are here to arrest the little criminal. He is a traitor and his father demands he be returned this instant.
 Father? Jack said. What does he want with me?
 Beronn shuffled to the left, and Silass face filled the screen. I know my son is there. We have reports. He has access to sensitive government information. Bring him out or well tear this place down. 
 Do you have a back door? Nikolas said to Ludwig. We have a magic rug. We can sneak out that way.
 Ludwig covered the screen with his chest and pointed to the other end of the catwalk. Thisll take you outside to a small bridge. It leads to the kiln tower.
 What about you? Nikolas said. 
 Ludwig smirked. It is not me you should worry about. He lifted up the box. You have sixty seconds to leave the premises before I introduce you to my latest creation, Sheriff. Automaphants. 
 I am the law! Sheriff Silas screamed into the screen. He lifted his gloved hands and shot out his sterilizing jynnus at the automacrabs. They sparked and keeled over, dysfunctional. I dare you to send one of your clock toys.
 Rug sped away from the toy factory. The last Nikolas saw of Ludwigs toy factory were Silas, Beronn, and three gragillas trying to outrun a herd of bellowing automaphants.
 
 

   


   eri! Nikolas yelled, flinging the door open. He meant to charge up the stairs but stopped. The orphanage lay dark. All the lamps had been snuffed out, and a pile of shimmering coals were the only sign of a once lit fireplace.
 Nikolas opened his mouth and a foggy column of air escaped. Girtrude? Jrgen? XXanthus?
 Where is everyone? Helen said. And why is it like, negative a hundred degrees in here?
 It may be too late, Daniel said.
 Nikolas turned toward the kitchen. Jack slowly unscrewed his vial of bubble fire.
 Can you not do that? Helen said, frowning at Jacks vial. Death by fire bubbles, I can see it now. Helen walked quickly to the stairwell. Quit messing around. Xanthus? Xanthus!?
 Where are you, Xanthus? Nikolas whispered. Are you here? 
  Yes. 
 Aaaah! They leapt, screamed, and spun around all in one movement. 
 Xanthus had been standing in the doors shadow. 
 Are you crazy? Nikolas yelled. Dont freak us out like that. 
 How come its so cold? Daniel said. 
 The fire. The lamps. Dangerous. Could have burned the house down, could have burned me, Xanthus said. He walked out of the shadow and into the wintry light. 
 Xanthus? Nikolas said, taking a step back. 
 Xanthuss face was withery green and his eyes were completely black, enlarged and unblinking. Patches of hair were lost, exposing a scalp covered in red-eyed bumps. The snakes were pushing their way through. 
 Its true, Daniel said. 
 Whats true? Xanthus said. 
 You and Yeriyoure not turning to stone, Nikolas said. Youre turning into a gorgon. 
 Nikolas expected tears or confusion, but Xanthuss expression remained unchanged. He lumbered to a large table filled with marionettes, crawled on top of them, and laid down. 
 Daniel sighed, Im so sorry, brother. 
 Yeri, Nikolas said under his breath. We need to talk to him now.
 Daniel and Nikolas marched to the boys room. They found Caroline playing nurse to a very sick Yeri. 
 He passed out a couple hours after you left, Caroline said. Been in and out ever since. Hes gotten worse. 
 Yeri wrung the fringe of his covers and shook his head back and forth. He opened his eyes to acknowledge Nikolas and then put out a shaking hand. The stagecoach drivers fingers were covered in a flaky, green substance. Did you find the cure, Steward? 
 Nikolas shook his head. No, Yeri. Sorry. 
 Oh. Yeri closed his eyes. Thats a shame. Thats a shame.
 Nikolas opened his mouth, preparing for his interrogation, but Caroline stopped him with a quick glance. 
 Hes passed out again, Nikolas, Caroline said. You couldnt ask him a question if you wanted to.
 Tim had to use nearly half the bottle of tongue-of-galley-trot before Xanthus returned to normal. He tried to give some of it to Yeri, but the stagecoach driver was still passed out. Tim quickly reminded Nikolas that they had to get home soon if he was going to make more of the elixir. Nikolas quietly hoped they would have a cure by then.
 Eventually, Jrgen and Girtrude returned to the orphanage holding bags brimming over with food. Within an hour, the house smelled of fresh bread and spiced meat, drawing hungry stomachs to the dining room table. After asking for the awkward introductions all adults require of teenagers, Girtrude laid out sausages and fried herring topped with pickles. In a giggling voice, she told them to eat up. Brandy looked absolutely mortified by the animal violence in front of her, but everyone else dove in. After they cleared their plates, platters of meatballs, schnitzel, and thick cuts of bacon appeared. And on the side mash potatoes mixed with onions and carrots, and toasty buns smothered in cinnamon sugar. Just when Nikolas was sure he was starting to sweat schnitzel, Girtrude brought out bowls and bowls of strawberry jam-filled oliebollens. They reminded Nikolas of thick, crusty donuts. Afterward, Girtrude offered cake and coffee, to which they waved the brother and sister off, saying they needed to check on Xanthus and Yeri. Jrgen excused them and said he would send Girtrude up with harchoco a bit later.
   

 They all sat on the boys bedroom floor holding their mugs of harchoco while Yeri slept in a bed at the far end of the room. A dull silence hung in the air. They had spent all day fighting ice-cold winds, psycho arcade machines, and Ictree goo, all for nothing. The Ferret Festival was tomorrow and they still hadnt found a cure. Xanthus had hours left, if that, before the tongue-of-galley-trot stopped working, and the gorgon infection took over. 
 If he turns into one of those creatures, can we change him back? Caroline said. 
 Daniel shook his head. 
 Why not? Nikolas said. 
 The magic used to turn him, Daniel said. It is dirty magic. Good magic will not reverse it. Only dirty magic can, but at a price. That is the way of it. Dirty magic always requires something of you, a payment of some sort. And even then it deceives you. Your soul will be forever stained.
 So, if he turns into that monster, thats that? Caroline said. 
 Yes, Daniel said quietly. For all intent and purposes, it is irreversible. 
 Nikolas wanted to tell them everything would be OK, but for the first time ever he wasnt sure. Even if there were a way to reverse the gorgons breath, how would they find it in time? 
 Helen reached into her sleeve and pulled out Portlorns glass flute and a song sheet. She unfolded the sheet and held its edges down until they stayed flat. The sheet was titled, Call of the Lionsbran. It was the song Grand had given her before he left. She took a deep breath and a strong sound followed. Its notes were warm like curling up to a fireplace after a long day in the snow. Carolines eyes began to droop, and Nikolas leaned back onto the bed. 
 After a half hour of practicing the same song, Helens shoulders sagged, and she let the flute slide to her lap.
 Is that the song Grand gave you? Tim said. 
 Helen nodded. Call of the Lionsbran. Its pretty tough. Ive never seen notes like these, and the melody is insane. 
 What happens if you get it right? Nikolas said. 
 Then the lionsbran comes, I guess, Helen said. 
 Is that a good thing? Tim said. 
 I dont know, Helen said. I dont even know what a lionsbran is. She turned her head to Xanthus, who was sprawled on the bed behind her. Hey, dork. Whats a lionsbran? 
 Only the coolest, most fantastic creature of all, Xanthus said in his broken voice. Lions are pretty sweet, right? Well, imagine one with wings. That breathes blue fire, jynnus fire. 
 That is cool, Nikolas said. Sounds like a dragon? 
 Its got some dragon in it, Xanthus said. 
 Can you ride it? Nikolas said.
 Do you want to? Tim said. 
 Ride on the back of a flying lion? Nikolas said. That would actually be awesome. Are you kidding me? 
 No ones tried, Jack said. Forgive me. No one has tried in quite some time. A lionsbran doesnt take to being sat upon. 
 Yeah, Nikolas said. Maybe if you raised it from a cu
 Tap. Tap. Tap. A knock came from the door.
 Probably Girtrude, Caroline said, launching to her feet. She opened the door, expecting the cherry smile of their orphan keeper. Instead, she was met by a very odd creature. It resembled a boy made entirely of small, multi-colored building blocks. It raised a scroll to her. 
 A clue! Caroline cheered. 
 They all leapt from their feet with a shout.
 Thank you so much, Caroline said. She snatched the scroll from Building Block Boy, pulling off one of its wooden pinkies in the process. Oh, dear! Im so sorry! Caroline grabbed the pinky and handed it back to the toy. Are you one of Ludwigs messengers? 
 Couldnt be, Nikolas said. Ludwig hasnt been sending us clues.
 Building Block Boy stared at Caroline with its green wooden eyes. It said nothing. In fact, it did nothing but stand there. 
 Ooh-kay, Caroline said, closing the door. 
 They just get creepier and creepier, Helen said.
 Caroline handed the clue to Nikolas. They gathered around him as he started unrolling the scroll.
 Tap. Tap. Tap. 
 Carolines brow rose. She opened the door for a second time. Building Block Boy looked around Caroline and down to her right. She followed its gaze to the cups of harchoco.
 Do you want some harchoco? Caroline said amused. 
 Thats silly. He cant drink it, Helen said. 
 Caroline took Building Block Boys hand and led it to Xanthuss untouched harchoco. They all watched expectantly. 
 Building Block Boy took the mug, raised it up and guzzled. Brown liquid spit out between blocks and dribbled onto the floor. 
 Hes making a mess, Helen said, scooching from the path of the harchoco.
 Building Block Boy flung the empty cup to the floor and walked to the middle of the room, dribbles of brown liquid marking its path. The odd creature plopped down cross-legged, looked at his right leg, and took it off. The pieces scattered to the floor. He gathered the free blocks and started to build what looked like a tower. He proceeded to add drawbridges, turrets, and a moat. This went on for several minutes until only his upper-body was left. After more dismembering, the Building Block Boy was gone and, in his place, a fully functioning castle outfitted with small soldiers on horses and catapults. Blocks began launching from the castle wall to the other side of the moat. 
 Daniel looked back at the scroll. What does the clue say?
 Right. Nikolas unwrapped the scroll.
   

 The clue is leading us to the Merrow statues along Kings highway, Daniel said matter-of-factly.
 Right, Nikolas said. You know. I feel like having you around is kind of cheating.
 I do not cheat, Daniel said, taken aback. Anyway, they have to be the Merrow statues along Kings Highway.
 Without any warning, Yeri cried out in pain. Caroline rushed to him. 
 Kings Highway runs nearly thirty miles from Faerborough to Old Huron, Jack said. And there are thousands of Merrow statues along its way. We could do with a better clue.
 The Building Block Boy must have dropped something, Nikolas said hopefully. He opened the door and peered down the hallway. 
 Nothing.
 This is it then, Daniel said. This is all we have. 
 Its all we need, Nikolas spoke up. Well go to Kings Highway in the morning, split up and check every statue if we have to. This clue will lead us to the cure. Im feeling really good about this, guys.
 Their expressions didnt match Nikolass enthusiasm, but what could they say? This was the best chance they had.
   

 While everyone else drifted off to sleep, Nikolas forced himself awake. He held the nuncio open, hoping the Harynne would send a report. And if the nuncio didnt work, maybe their mysterious secret agent would give them another clue to Xanthuss cure. But neither clue nor report came. 
 After an hour Nikolas felt hope seep away. A thought hed been holding back for months finally let itself go. He spoke to the dark room, I cant do this without you anymore, Grand. Where are you? 
 He had to leave.
 What? Nikolas said, surprised that someone else was awake.
 Xanthus cleared his throat. The wise old wizard always leaves so that the hero can stand up on his own two feet. Textbook fantasy.
 You think hell return?
 I dont know.
 Wait. Grands not a wizard.
 Close enough, Xanthus said. Old. Bearded. Single. Gives advice thats useful only in hindsight.
 Yeah. True.
 Do you wish it was all make-believe sometimes? Xanthus said. 
 Yeah, Nikolas confessed. I do.
 Cant believe it, but I wish Daniel was right, you know. I wish this was all some sort of virtual construct.
 Nikolas had no response. Deep breathing from the other boys filled the quiet. 
 Nikolas? 
 Yeah, Xanthus?
 Im only thirteen Xanthus paused. His tone returned more constricted. I never thought I could die. I dont want to die.
 Youre not going to die, Nikolas said. Youll justchange.
 Into a monster? I know. But thats worse. I could really be gone, Xanthuss voice trembled. I mean, if I really have until the Ferret Festival, like Dr. Mendesmuss said. Thats tomorrow, Nikolas. II dont know if I want to be here anymore. I dont know if I want this anymore. He heard sheets shuffling, and the faint tears of a boy who didnt want anyone to know how scared he was.
 Well figure this out, Xanthus. You dont have to be scared. Well find a cure. Nikolas brushed his own wet cheek. I promise. 
 Quieter this time, Nikolas whispered to the ceiling, Where are you, Grand?
   
 Wake up! Huron commanded.
 Nikolas opened his eyes to a dark room. It took a minute for him to see anything, but the earthlight revealed a small wooden cross hanging above him. Had it been there before? He tried to wipe the hair out of his eyes to see better, but his hand stopped short and the cross banged against the ceiling. Nikolas slowly reached to his right wrist and felt thick, spider webbing that led to the cross. He realized it wasnt a cross but a marionettes control bar. Somehow his hands and feet had been webbed to the control bars. Nikolass eyes started to adjust to the room, and he could see wooden controllers above everyone. Daniels controller was being pushed around by a black shadow. Nikolas wasnt sure, but the shadow looked like a large, four-legged spider with the head of . . . Girtrude? 
 Get off him! Nikolas yelled. 
 Girtrude turned her head like an owl. Sleep, my little toy. Sleep.
 Get away! Nikolas said.
 No, Jack groaned from the darkness. Theyre marionids! 
 Lie still. I havent even begun, Girtrude commanded. Need to get you all tied up, inject my venom, and youll all be my little toys. And I can play with you and eat you and play with you and eat you. 
 Everyone else began to stir. Realizing their hands were tied, they tried to shake their webbing free. Nikolas raised his webbed arm and pulled. The control bar crashed down from the ceiling, snapping the marionid webs from his hands. 
 Stop it! Girtrude cried. Those arent easy to make! 
 Nikolas made his way around to the other controllers. He started ripping them from the ceiling by their webbings. Girtrude seethed curses, flipped from the ceiling and landed on her four-marionid feet. 
 How rude! screamed Girtrude. Those are my toys. Mine. Mine. Mine. A long stinger unrolled from her backside with every mine. 
 The glass windows blew in and three large figures crashed through. Nikolas half expected to see Captain Shaw and the Harynne there just in time to save the day. Then he heard the primate grunts. 
 Gragillas, Nikolas said. 
 Two gragillas stood to their feet, their roars filling the house. Jack Gorringe, One cried. Where is Jack Gorringe!
 Jrgen crawled on the ceiling and through the doorway. He gasped, No! They dont belong to you! 
 Theyre taking our toys, brother. Dont let them! Girtrude and Jrgen each leapt onto the closest gragillas. 
 All the boys knew the opportunity just afforded them. They grabbed Yeri and Xanthus, and bolted from the room. Nikolas nearly collided with Helen. She gave him the told you so look. 
 I know, Nikolas said. Now run! 
 Everyone flew down the stairs and away from the growls and screeches. Nikolas rammed the front door open. He was met by a skittish Rug. 
 Yeah. You and me both, Rug. 
 All nine piled onto Rug, who sagged for a moment, stumbled, then jumped into the snowy night sky. 
 



 
 
 
 

   


   veryone huddled close together to keep off the chill. 
 My father is after me, Jack said to Nikolas, trying to talk through chattering teeth. Those were his gragillas.
 No kidding, Nikolas said. Thinks youre feeding us information about him.
 The marionettes on the wall, Helen said, they were orphans. Those crazy whatever those things are 
 Marionids, Jack helped. 
 Whatever. They turned all those kids into little marionette toys. 
 Can they be changed back? Nikolas asked.
 Yes, Jack said. One would need to cut the strings, and they will be normal within the hour. 
 We should tell the Harynne, Helen said. 
 Nikolas looked over to Xanthus. He shook uncontrollably, his skin nearly the color of a gorgon.
 Sorry, but kid marionettes arent what Im worried about, Nikolas said. The galley-trot is barely making a dent on Xanthus. Today is the Ferret Festival. He could change at any minute. Not to mention the last thing the nuncio said was the gorgons are overrunning Huron.
 I have to keep upping his dosage, Tim said. We need to take him home.
 Nikolas nodded. Yeah. Drop me off at Kings Highway first, and then the rest of you go back to Manor Minor. Ill stay and try to figure out the clue. Make sure you send Rug back to pick me up. 
 Ill stay with you, Daniel said. 
 No, Nikolas said. Im quicker by myself. Cant protect everyone while running all over the city. 
 Daniel said, No offense, Nikolas
 Why do I feel like Im about to be offended? Nikolas said.
 Youre just not intelligent enough to figure out these clues on your own, Daniel said.
 And there it is, Nikolas smirked. Whatever, dude. But what if something happens to your brother?
 Daniel glanced quickly at Xanthus and then Tim. Do not let him go under, Tim. Put him in the trope and slow down the transmutation if need be. Understand? Dont lose him.
 Yeah, Tim said. Got it.
 Ill accompany you too, Nikolas, Jack said. If youre going to scour the streets of Huron, my metropolitan expertise is in order.
 Dont forget, Nikolas said to Tim. Send Rug back. Hes our only ride home.
   

  Rug hovered nervously next to Nikolas. Kings Highway was eerily quiet. News of the gorgon had spread, keeping the citizens off the main streets and thoroughfares. Between the fog and snow, the road was nearly a whiteout, which only added to the creepiness.
 They checked every single stone Merrow. Each one wore the necklace or earring of a mermaid, just like Xanthuss. But what did it mean? And how did it relate to stony ears and stony necks.
 They walked until Nikolass feet ached, and then they walked some more. The muscle ache became a tendon twinge, and finally blisters. Still, they walked. By the time they crossed Peabilly Way, Nikolas could feel the blistered skin peel from his feet. They took their third break of that day near several stone Merrows. 
 What I dont get about the clue, Nikolas said, is these are all fakes, right?
 It would seem so, Daniel said. Though Im not sure why.
 Maybe Merrows are too proud. Dont want to be associated with the monsters, Jack said. 
 Maybe, Daniel said. 
 Nikolas walked up to a merman clad in medieval armor and a four-hook triton spear. There was an engraving: 
   

 War of Thistles, Jack said. Thats ancient Huronite history, isnt it. It was one of the great wars between the Merrows and gorgons.
 Of course, Daniel said. Nearly forgot. Merrows and gorgons had several clashes in the fourth epoch. This isnt their first. He paused. The merman seems disturbed. Guilty.
 Yes, Nikolas said. Looks like it. The kings eyes looked downcast, as if he were submitting to some unknown judgment.
 How about five thousand years of Dujinnin enslavement? Jack said. 
 Ive seen that look before, Daniel said. 
 Where, Nikolas said. 
 My father, Daniel said. 
 Nikolas turned to the boy genius. His face was unemotional. Not as if he was hiding something, but as if hed never learned how to feel. Nikolas didnt know what to say, though. Daniel had always been private. He couldnt expect him to talk now. 
 They stood for a few more minutes while Daniel continued to gaze at the statue. 
 He stepped closer and finally spoke. It is how my father looked just before he abandoned us to the refugee camp. It is the look of a guilty man, unwilling to make any other choice. Father never explained why he had to cast us away, but it was obvious. Mother died of the Geneva virus on my sixth birthday. They say he went nearly insane, locking himself away in his laboratory for a year like some hermit. Then he met Xanthuss mother, Shantza Pearl. She was the complete opposite of mine. A steampunk rock star. Famous, rich, exotic. They were married within the month and had Xanthus a year later. She died of the Geneva virus on Xanthuss sixth birthday, just like mine. Back then no one quite understood how the virus operated. Many had their theories, some scientific, others superstitious. In spite of Father being the leading scientist in genome research, he chose superstition, and we were the objects of his superstitions. For all of his advances in science he still clung to the old medieval delusions of curses and magic.
 Daniel paused and breathed deeply. He believed us a curse on the family. And so in the dead of night, took us to Colorado Citys refugee camp, opened the hovercar door, and without a word, pointed to the gate. Thought at least hed say goodbye, but he just flew away. I was fourteen, Xanthus was six.
 Couldnt you find him? Nikolas said. Make him take you back? Thats child abandonment. 
 Why? Daniel faced Nikolas. Why would I ever try to find that pitiful excuse of a father? He abandoned us like some unwanted pets. He was a weak man, taken by his emotions. I swore I would never look at him again. It would just be Xanthus and I. Of course, Xanthus has a bit of fathers emotional weakness, his superstitions. Thats why he refuses to part with that silly earrin 
 Suddenly, Daniel stopped himself. He turned back to the stone Merrow King. 
 The Merrows refuse to part with their pendants, Daniel said. Why? Youre right, Nikolas! This clue is leading us to the cure.
 Whats that? Jack said. 
 Daniel laughed, limping from stone Merrow to stone Merrow and calling out, Earring. . . . Earring . . . Necklace . . . Necklace . . . Earring . . . Necklace . . . Earring. Stony ears and stony necks. Do you not understand? Either earring or necklace, every one of them has a pendant in the shape of a mermaidjust like Xanthuss. They will NEVER part with them. 
 Nikolas looked at the statue of King Mendell again. In his left earlobe hung a mermaids earring. Daniel was right. It was an exact stone replica of the one Xanthus worebeside the fact that Xanthuss mermaid had a worn-away fin. But Nikolas already knew that. So did Daniel. Right, Nikolas said. I dont get your point.
 Yes, said Jack, in a quizzical nod. The Dujinnin thought Xanthus was a Merrow cohort because he had one of their earrings. We were all there.
 They all wear the same jewelry, Daniel said. Either necklace or earring, every Merrow has one. 
 OK, Nikolas said. Again, we knew that.
 What do we know about the relationship between the gorgons and the Merrows? 
 Well, Jack said. The gorgons have been turning the Merrows into gorgons. 
  Oh yeah, Nikolas said. I noticed that, too. The gorgons only attack Merrows, no one else. 
 Why? Jack asked, scratching the bit of hair exposed at the bottom of his hat.
 I do not know why, Daniel said. Some vendetta, perhaps. But what I do know is that if your race was the exclusive victim of one monster, and that monster had the ability to infect you, seemingly bent on infecting you, then you would always carry some form of protection. 
 Jack and Nikolas blinked at the same time. They werent making the connection.
 Really guys? Think about it, said Daniel. The gorgons attack the Merrows exclusively, correct? If you were a Merrow with a gorgon target on your chest, what would you do, Nikolas? Daniel pointed to King Mendells earring. 
 Well, Nikolas said. I would keep a cure on me at all times just in His mouth dropped. He looked at King Mendells earring again. Oh! The Merrows refuse to part with their pendants because the cure is inside of them, isnt it? 
 Daniel nodded gleefullywell, as gleefully as Daniel could manage. 
 Xanthus has had the cure on him the whole time! Nikolas laughed. Youve got to be kidding me. 
 Makes sense, Jack nodded. It is common to hide valuables, treasures, hexes, in ones pendants and lockets. 
 Xanthus is human, Daniel said quietly. Strange. What are the odds that his mother gave him a Merrows earring with the cure? 
 I dont know, and I dont care, Nikolas said. Right now weve He stopped mid-sentence. Three snouts and gragilla knuckles emerged from the fog.
 For all the trouble left in your wake, Nikolas, it is quite difficult to track you. Beronn said as he stepped into the clearing, flanked by three cut and bloodied gragillas. The Marionids must have really put up a fight.
 Brother? Jack said. 
 Beronn, Nikolas said, stepping in front of Daniel and Jack. What do you want?
 What do I want? Beronn said. What I want is for you to step aside. By order of Sheriff Silas, Jack Gorringe is to return to Ironvale Fortress. You have been strictly forbidden to mingle with such company and have pressed the Sheriffs grace beyond reason. 
 You can inform Father, Jack said, if I am so inclined as to keep company with the true Steward of Huron, then hell have to muddle up a bit more grace.
 Father will not have you sharing his information with the enemy, Beronn said. You are to come home now. If you resist us, I have been given allowance of the greatest measure. He pulled out a red crystal knob framed in an iron band. 
 I see, Jack said with a crooked smile. It is your delusion that by capturing your little brother, you would win the respect that you so crave from Father.
 You sniveling urchin! Beronn squeezed the crystal knob. As if prancing about like a toddler all over Huron will fool me. I know you, brother. I see through the hat and silly coat-of-elixirs. Youre a betrayer, Jack. Thats all you are, and thats all youll ever be! Father cares not one lick about your existence other than to shut your disloyal mouth up.
 Shut up! Jack yelled. Im not disloyal. I would never betray.
 You already have, Beronn said. Every moment you spend with this boy steward is a moment you betray Father.
 Nikolas felt several cold things slip into his hands. He looked down. Daniel had slipped him ten garden variety beans. Nikolas looked at Daniel, confused.  
 Trust me, Daniel whispered. Throw them.
 What? Nikolas said. 
 Throw them! Daniel ordered. 
 Beronn locked eyes with Nikolas and moved the crystal knob toward him, but it was too late. Nikolas threw the beans. They bounced off Beronn and the gragillas. Nothing happened, expect Beronns expression turning smug. Then, everyones ears popped. Before Nikolas could blink, Beronn and the gragillas were gone. 
 Where did you get those beans? Nikolas said. 
 Well, I have my sourc Daniel started to say, but seemed to reconsider his words. Theyre called transbeans. I ordered them from the Wildlands of Rugandoon. 
 So, where did you send them? Nikolas said. 
 Wildlands of Rugandoon, Daniel repeated, bending down to scoop up the transbeans. Been collecting them for possible military tools and weaponry. The beans will return you to their original planting. Right now Beronn should be standing on a transbean patch mixed with thousands of acres of thorny bushes twenty miles outside of Huron. They wont be returning anytime soon.
 Youre awesome, Daniel! Nikolas said, grabbing his shoulder. 
 Well, I had beans from the black pits of the amaiamon beast, but I left those at home, Daniel explained apologetically. 
 Um, no. You did just fine, Nikolas said. 
 Ive found Mons beans to be quite extraordinary, Daniel studied the beans lying in his hand. There are dozens of various magical beans, you know. Theres even a particular bean that can grow so high it reaches the clouds. Did you know that?
 Yeah, Nikolas smirked and hopped onto Rug. Ive heard stories. Lets get back to Xanthus. Ill tell you all about magical beans on the way home. 
 I am not disloyal, Jack said to himself, staring into the foggy road. 
 What? Nikolas said. Um, right. Youve been a huge help, Jack. Now, lets get going. Xanthu
 You must save Huron, but I cannot help you anymore. Jack flipped off his stovepipe hat. 
 Wait. Where are you going? said Nikolas. Dont let Beronn get to you.
 Jack grabbed the rim of his hat, stretched it three times its diameter and then placed it on the ground. He looked into the dark space of the hat for a moment and then back to Nikolas. 
 Go, cure Xanthus. Save Huron, Jack said. Please dont think ill of me, Nikolas but if I stay with you, I am disloyal to Father. And if I stay with Father, I am disloyal to you. On that, he stepped into the hat and disappeared. The hat collapsed into a black wisp of smoke.
 
 

   


   hey heard him ever before they saw him. Xanthuss gorgon scream: RREEEIIGHHH!!! 
 Nikolas and Daniel flew into Manor Minor. Everyone was huddled behind Dangus and Helen, who were swinging torches at a transmutating Xanthus. He was now twice the height with a stooped back. Piranha teeth were cutting through his cheeks and his hair was almost gone. Rug flew in after Nikolas. Xanthus grabbed Rug and used him as a shield from the fire.
 Greehhhh-et the fire away from me! Xanthus yelled as his snakes spat at them. 
 Dangus jabbed the torch. A flick of fire caught Rugs tassels and he burst into flames. The magic carpet kicked all the way through the door and into the wintry night. 
 Hes almost a gorgon, Nikolas! Malmedy yelled, pointing to Dr. Mendesmuss at the corner of the room wrapping a bloodied arm. Dr. Mendesmuss done tried to medicate him, and Xanthus just about ripped off his arm. Lawdy, Nikolas. Were losing him!
 Xanthus picked up a small end table and threw it. Dangus side-stepped, but it grazed his elbow.
 Dragons teeth! Dangus cursed. Theres no use keeping him here. Weve lost him. 
 No! We figured out the last clue, Nikolas said, moving closer. He could see the mermaid earring flash in Xanthuss ear. We found the cure. We just need that earring. 
 What? Dangus said. And how would you suggest doing that, sir? Impossible. Not even your grandfather could pluck the earring from that creature. How would we even hold him down? Fires the only weapon we have against him.
 Grand! Nikolas said. Helen. Remember Grands song, Call of the Lionsbran?
 Yeah, Helen said slowly.
 Call it! Call the lionsbran.
  I cant do it, Helen said. Not right now. This is all too much.
 Yes, you can. Nikolas unfolded her arms and led her outside by the hand. The night sky hid any sign that a storm had just moved in. The only proof was a cold wind burning the tips of their ears and cheeks.
 Come on, Helen. You did it before, Nikolas said. 
 Im amped up, Helen said. 
 You were amped up at The Festival of Lights, Nikolas said. 
 I know, Helen said. But this is different. I was worried for . . . you. I thought I was going to lose you.
 You can do this, Helen, Nikolas said. 
 Doubt played across her face. Nikolas squeezed her hand. For me. Do it for me.
 Helens eyes fell on their interlocked hands. Her mouth parted slightly, but instead of saying something, she reached for her flute. Nikolas took a step back to give her space. She licked her lips for moisture and raised the flute. 
 Soon, music began falling out, drowning out the wind. Helen squeezed her eyes shut, as if she was willing it to work. Slowly, the lines at the corner of her cheeks softened. Again, the Call of The Lionsbran warmed Nikolas to the core, but it did something else. 
 It incited. 
 As if all the air were suddenly sucked out of Helens lungs, she gasped and dropped the flute.
 Its coming, said Helen, covering her tears. The lionsbra 
 A billow of blue fire exploded from the wintry clouds. 
 Get out of the doorway! Nikolas yelled. 
 A blur of golden fur and teeth blew into the doorway. There stood a lionsbran poised, holding up a muzzle brimming over with jynnus fire. A wall of muscles seemingly started from his chin, ran down his chest, and ended at claws drilled into the wooden floor. A mahogany mane swept from the lionsbrans black eyes to the tip of its outstretched wings. The mane covered the back of the wings like a winter coat, leaving a dragon-like underwing.
 Hold Xanthus down, Nikolas pointed.
 ROOOOUUUUWWRR! The lionsbran rattled the snow from the doors overhang, tucked in its wings, and leapt squarely onto Xanthuss chest.
 Dont kill him! Nikolas yelled. Hes our friend.
 Snakes hissed and spat at the winged-lion. His tail wagged defiantly, and he gave Nikolas a satisfactory blink. Nikolas reached for the earring, his hand running a gauntlet of writhing snakes and the lionsbrans fiery drool.
 HIISSS! Nikolass hand was sprayed with snake spit. 
 Grrrrr, the lionsbran growled a warning. The snake retreated. 
 Nikolas quickly removed the earring and shook it. Something rattled inside.
 We might have to break it open, Daniel said. 
 Nikolas studied the mermaid earring; a thin seam encircled its waist. Most would have assumed the seam came from the jewelry makers cast, but he had a hunch. Nikolas held the mermaids fin in one hand and the head in the other, and twisted. It didnt give. He twisted even harder. Sure that the head would break off, he almost gave up. But then the mermaids waist finally twisted away from its tail. After a few more turns, a vial of purple liquid and a small slip of paper fell into his cupped hands. Nikolas let out a holler and read it out loud: 
   

 Tim, we need salsouse marrow! 
 OK! Tim said as he ran to Malmedys elixir pantry. 
 Nikolas sped to the kitchen and sat at the end of the table while he called out:
 The twelve oclock petal of a squatter.
 Helen grabbed Brandy by the shoulder and plucked a squatter petal. 
 Ow! Brandy said. That actually hurt.
 And one teaspoon of crushed oregano.
 Malmedy trotted away and returned with a spoonful of oregano.
 OK, OK. Nikolas stood to his feet. Mix with oneTim! You need to put this elixir together. You know what youre doing. 
 Tim took the paper and sat at the kitchen table.
 We did it! Nikolas hugged Caroline. We did it.
 Theres more, Tim said. He flipped the piece of paper over. Beware elixir master . . . Tim stopped reading.
 Whats the deal? Nikolas said.
 Tim shook his head, continuing to read the paper. This elixir is effective only on Merrows. It will slay any other kind that would drink it. Thisll kill Xanthus.
 Nikolas grabbed the piece of paper. No! Theres something wrong. Were missing something. I know we are, Tim. Maybe theres like a human additive or something. 
 Oh, Xanthus . . . Caroline whispered as she moved back to the living room. 
 A swath of skin now hung from Xanthuss face, and his jaw line had changed into a reptilian mandible. His eyes searched the room until he found his brother and reached out an arm. All Daniel could do was drop to the ground. He pounded small dents into the floor with his cane, but the tears came anyway.
 Nikolas, Xanthus looked to him. Pleassse help me. Pleassse!
  Cant we do something? Caroline asked, grabbing the edge of the couch. Nikolas? Think of something! 
 Helen slipped an arm around Caroline, who grabbed at it and burst into tears. Nikolas kept flexing and unflexing his hands. After months of trying to find a cure for Xanthus, it had all been for nothing.
 They had failed.
 After a moment, Nikolas heard feeble steps on the stairwell. Yeri peered slowly over the rail; his face had become fibrous and coarse, nearly unrecognizable.
 I have deceived you, my dear friends. Yeri kept his gaze on Xanthus as he slid down the wall. 
 Yeri? Nikolas said. 
 What do you mean? Daniel said. 
 There is a secret that I bear with me, Nikolas, the stagecoach driver moaned. A dark secret of the Merrows that I cannot tell at the peril of myself. You are right, Nikolas. Youve always been right. The Merrows will destroy us all. Yeri took a deep breath. The Merrows have brought an evil to our city . . . Hunggg!!! Yeri bent over, but continued talking between gasps. Hoped you would make the connection. I left so many clues. Prayed I could tell you the truth without it killing meunngghhh!! Nikolas could actually hear Yeris skin stretching.
 Wait. It was you! Daniel stood to his feet. Youve been leaving the clues everywhere. All the toys that came to life? All those notes. It wasnt Ludwig at all. My brother is turning into a monster, and youre playing treasure hunt?!
 You dontunderstand! I swore an oathtried to tell you the truth, but it is killing me. Yeri held out green, arthritic hands. I was never infected by the gorgon. I was bound by the pearl-of-devotion to protect the Merrows secret. And if I betray the Merrows, the pearl will turn me into seaweed from the inside out. 
 I began this quest on Lirs bidding, and he made me swear by the pearl-of-devotion to never share the secret of the Merrows. But how could I keep my promise to the Merrows when poor Xanthus was in such a state. Thought if I left the truth for you to solve, then I wouldnt betray the Merrows, but the pearl-of-devotion knows. With every clue answered, I worsened. I tried to tell you that the Merrows have been curAAgggh!! He clawed at his face. 
 What are you talking about? Nikolas said.
 Lir! Yeri yelled and his eyes rolled shut. He collapsed at the foot of the stairs.
 Lir? Nikolas said. The merman. What does he know? What about Lir? Dangus! 
 Dangus had already flung the door open with his cloak in tow. 
 Nikolas and his friends could do nothing but wait. In the meantime, the lionsbran climbed off of Xanthuss chest, but kept a guarded muzzle toward him. Caroline put a blanket over an unconscious Yeri. Malmedy brewed some lingra tea and passed it around the room. Dr. Mendesmuss thanked her, raised it to his lips, sipped, and leaned back on the couch. 
 Finally, Nikolas heard Hurons ever so familiar voice. 
 A darkness born beneath. A breath to end all breath.
 Nikolas moved his gaze to the door. Theyre here.
 A Merrows velle clicked to a stop on the front step. Dangus flung open the door, and Lir glided quietly into the living room. When his eyes fell on Xanthus, he raised a handkerchief to his face. 
 Hissss. The snakes flicked their tongues at Lir. They were calm, even pleased with the Mermans presence.
 Lirs velle wheels pivoted him around the room until he found Yeri. He commanded, Stand him up. 
 Nikolas and Tim raised Yeri to his knees. The velle brought Lir into reach of Yeri while he pulled a black pearl from his cloak. He shoved it into Yeris mouth and told Nikolas and Tim to take him outside for the purging. 
 Yeris boots tilled the white powder as the boys dragged him through the snow. Yeri coughed and coughed again. On his third cough, he vomited frothy seaweed and the white pearl-of-devotion, which had now grown tendrils.
 They returned to find Daniel leaning over his cane at Lir. What have you done to my brother?! 
 Lir remained quiet.
 Are you deaf? Nikolas said. Did you hear him? 
 Xanthus has minutes left before it takes full effect, Lir said. Is there a room where we might be able to brew the elixir without fear of breathing in the curse? 
 They led him to the kitchen table where they had abandoned the elixir nearly an hour ago.
 You found the cure, I see, Lir said, looking at the opened earring next to the ingredients. I hope we might have a decent elixir master among us? Dr. Mendesmuss is quite incapacitated. 
 I started the elixir. Tim raised his hand. We used the instructions in the earring, but hes not a Merrow. Itll kill him. 
 He isnt a merrow? Are you so sure? Lir said. Take a seat.
 Tim resumed his place at the head of the table. Lir started throwing out commands. Grind the squatter petal with the butt of the knife . . . Now cast the salsouse marrow above the squatter pedal with a small flick of the wrist. Not too hard now . . . Do not use the silver spoon, only copper will do . . . Tim did his best to keep up. 
 Most do not know this, but before the Merrows were inundated with wealth, we were quite the elixir masters. Lost the heart for it along the way, I suppose.
 Tim produced a purple pasty concoction. 
 Lir peered into Tims elixir. Very good, Tim. Consider this for your future vocation. Now quickly, take it to Xanthus.
 Tim ran to the living room, but hesitated when he saw the monster that was supposed to be Xanthus.
 Do not delay, Lir said through the handkerchief. Youll need to give it to him. The snakes will need to ingest it, son. 
 Tim gave Lir a helpless expression. 
 Hold the bowl to the snakes, Lir tried to encourage him. They cant resist it. 
 Tims expression was anything but brave. His bottom lip trembled as he pushed the bowl at the spitting snakes. The lionsbran shoved Xanthus down with its paw.
 Thanks, Tim said to the lionsbran. It purred in response. 
 Closer, son, Lir said.
 Mmmm, Tim whimpered. He had his eyes closed by this point. Using the sound of the snakes as his only reference, he stretched out his whole body. Surprisingly, the snakes started pecking at the bowl. 
 They need to ingest all of the cure, Lir said. The entire bowl or its no good. 
 Something cool and smooth brushed Nikolass leg. He looked down and saw a black cord slithering toward Xanthus. The cord had a tongue, and it flicked. 
 Woah, Nikolas jumped back. PPython! 
 Lir looked to Nikolass feet. Python? . . . Medusa! Close the door!
 The python wrapped around Xanthuss wrists and constricted. He was jerked towards the door. They all leapt at Xanthus, but the snake had secured its grip. It dragged Xanthus over the threshold and into the darkness.
 Nikolas ran outside. The frenzied snowflakes made it hard to see, but he recognized the familiar contorted body of a gorgon. Only this one was winged with two extra pythons hanging from the back of its head.
 Hello, Nikolas, spoke the winged-gorgon. You have something of mine, and I mean to collect. The python curled Xanthus into a swaddle, and the shadow looked down to him. Ive been calling you and calling you, my child. Why would you not listen? 
 Medusa! Lir yelled out of the doorway. Leave him be. He belongs here. 
 He belongs with me, Medusa said. All my children belong with me, Lir Palus Anwell.
 Leathery wings arched into a crescent, and with a surge, Medusa lifted from the ground. 
 Nikolas ran back into the house, yelling, Rug! Wheres Rug?
 Xanthus, Malmedy said. That po boy. 
 Nikolas, Tim said. That thing has Xanthus! 
 Yeah, I got that. Wheres Rug? 
 Hes gone, Malmedy said. Got burned in the attack! 
  What are we supposed to do? Tims voice faltered. 
 Nikolas looked to the lionsbran.
 What are you thinking? Tim said. 
 I have an idea, Nikolas said.
 Idea? Tim said. What do you mean idea?
 Im gonna fly him. 
 Him? Who? What are you talking about? Tim looked over to the lionsbran. Are you crazy? You cant fly that thing! Thats nine kinds of insane, Nikolas! Youre going to get yourself killed.
 Nikolas already had a snatch of fur.
 I wouldnt advise that, said Dr. Mendesmuss, as Nikolas slipped over the lionsbran. No one can fly a lionsbran without losing a limb. 
 Ha! Nikolas heeled the winged-lion and it roared a blue flame. The ceiling reappeared, blackened and smoky. The lionsbrans back muscles swelled taut. Claws reached for wood floor, the snow, and finally the night sky. It leapt into the air and flapped awkwardly, confused by a human on its back. But when Medusa came in view, his muscles tensed, and he flew straight. 
 Medusa no longer carried Xanthus in her python swaddle rather she dangled him below. With a few beats of the wing, Nikolas had Xanthuss heel. His heel yanked away, and Xanthus looked back. He didnt recognize Nikolas. 
 Xanthus? Nikolas said apprehensively. 
 Nikola-sss? Xanthuss voice wavered. Please. I dont want this.
 Im going to save you, Nikolas said. Give him back!
 No, Medusa said. He is mine.
 Hes not anyones.
 Medusa faced Nikolas. It is too late, boy. Xanthus hears only the voice of his Medusa. 
 No, he doesnt. You cant have him! Nikolas said. 
 Do not be nave. In the end, flesh consumes flesh. We take what we willit is the way of things.
 The free python hanging from Medusas left ear sprung out and around the lionsbrans wing. The lionsbran pulled back, trying to break the grip.
 Ive learned to embrace it. 
 The python squeezed and the lionsbrans wing cracked like eggshells. 
 Rouurrr! cried the lionsbran.
 Nikolas and lionsbran tumbled through the air. The night whirled into a mix of white and greyish blue. 
 Gotcha! Yeri said. A charred Rug caught them, but barely.
 There now, sir. There now. Yeri patted Nikolass arm.
 Nikolas looked into the sky, unable to understand what was happening. He had Xanthuss heel, and then he was gone. It had to have been a nightmare. This isnt the way things are supposed to go. 
 With little energy, Rug fumbled to the ground, throwing everyone into a snowdrift.
 Nikolas got to his knees. He looked past the lionsbrans panting chest and saw two masses fading into the midnight sky. Articles of clothing began to fall; first a frock coat, then a belt, and finally boots.
 No! Nikolas felt the tears escaping. We have to get him, Yeri. We have to get up there!
 Afraid we cant, Yeri shook his head slowly, his face filled with pain. Rug can manage neither such speed nor height in his condition.
 I want to fly! Nikolas jumped off Rug, shouting. Do you hear me, Mon? I want my jynnus now. I want to fly! 
 He waited, half-expecting a surge of jynnus to rip through him. There is no way Mon would do nothing. She wouldnt just let his friend turn into a monster, would she? 
 A grey object drifted through the night sky. It looked like the very last leaf of fall, withered and ghostly. Nikolas ran toward the object, hoping it wasnt what he thought it was. He climbed two snow banks before he found it.
 On the tip of a rose bush hung Xanthuss shed skin.
 No, Xanthus. No! Nikolas yelled. 
 Im so sorry, Master Nikolas, Yeri said. I am so sorry. 
 I cant believe it, Nikolas said. No. Please, no! 
   

 Expecting faces met Nikolas. Dr. Mendesmuss, Lir, Helen, Brandy, Caroline, Tim, Dangus, Malmedy and Daniel. All expressions looked for hope, for good news.
 Nikolas breathed. Im sorry. 
 Crakk! 
 Pain flashed across Nikolass left cheek. He was on the ground. 
 Daniel! Caroline yelled. 
 He turned slowly to find Daniel with a curled fist, and Tim holding him back. 
 I believed you! Daniel screamed. You told me you got this. I believed you! You killed my brother! You killed him! 
 His eyes were a mix of rage and confusion, and then they clouded over. He moved from Tims grasp toward the kitchen.
 I, Daniel began weeping. II am sorry. I shouldnt have struck you. It wasnt your fault. I couldnt get him out. Thethe construct won. I couldnt get him out . . .
 That was the last thing Nikolas wanted to hear from Daniel. He wanted to hear how stupid it was to drag them to Mon, how the refugee camp would have been a better place than this, how his big ideas and plans always ended up badly, how Tim was right.
 He destroyed everything he touched.
 Nikolas stayed on the wood floor, letting the sadness collect. Then the tears came. 
 Can we change him back?! Helen cried. 
 Im afraid not, Daniel said. He is, and forever will be that monster.
 Thats not right, Helen said. That cant be right. 
 Hes gone. Hes gone. Hes gone, Nikolas wept.
 Carolines warm hand pressed around his neck, her tears wetting his arm. Then came Brandy, Tim, Helen, and finally, Daniel. All pressed together, crying. 
 All Nikolas could think was:
 Xanthus is gone. 
 Xanthus is gone. 
 Xanthus is gone. 
  
 
 



 

   


   m sorry, Im sorry. Im sorry, Nikolas cried. I couldnt reach him. Im sorry. 
 Caroline sniffed saying, Its not your fault, Nikolas. Its not your fault. Its not anyones fault.
 A voice came from outside their circle. That is not entirely true.
 Nikolas looked up to Yeri. He could feel the tear tracks down his face. 
 Yeris eyes were set on Lir. It is the fault of the Merrows.
 Lir straightened his shoulders. I do not think this is the time, nor the place to 
 Its the perfect time, you coward! Yeri cut Lir off. Look around you. Look at the evil your people have wrought. Theyve lost their best friend, forever.
 What is this, Lir? Dr. Mendesmuss said.
 Lir glided his fingers across both cufflinks while his fin rolled nervously. With pressed lips, he finally spoke, Forgive me, dear boy. You were right. Youve always been right. I knew it the day you spoke to the Council of Teine. I just couldnt allow myself to accept it. Lir found Nikolas. His guilty expression mirrored that of the King Mendell statue. Our shame has become Hurons destruction. We have brought an evil upon her that will destroy you all.
 But you must believe me! We had no choice. The Dujinnin discovered our dark secret and meant to expose us. They attacked us and unleashed gorgons on our port cities. We called for Huron to save us, to give us a safe passageway and sanctuary behind your city gates. I had confessed our secret, our true relationship with the gorgons to Yeri, who was to deliver it to the Steward of Huron, but it never reached him. That is, it never reached you, Nikolas. When you told the City Council the voice of Huron wanted to keep us out of the city, Yeri was forced to be silent and bear our secret alone on pain of death. 
  Forgive me, Nikolas. Yeri buried his head in his hands. When I saw Xanthuss drawing of the creature, I sought desperately to tell you, but my words were bound by the pearl-of-devotion. 
 Yeri couldnt have been infected by a gorgon, anyway, Lir said. He is no Merrow. 
  What do you mean, Hes no Merrow? Daniel said, his voice on the edge of rage. Of course hes no Merrow.
 Lir breathed deeply and spoke, The gorgon is a shadow of the Merrow. We are one and the same. 
 Why the fake stone-Merrows? Daniel said. And why would they come after my brother, if gorgons only attack Merrows?
 Lir kept his eyes fixed on his fin, its many carpal bones scratching at the edge of the rug.
 Hes talking to you! A vein crept around Nikolass left eye, and his head shook, violently. Talk Lir, or so help me, Ill make you talk. 
 Lir breathed deeply and spoke, There is so much to tell you, too much. The gorgon is us in our most terrible form. No other can take their form, for they are our transfiguration, our greed, our sin. And there is nothing we can do to stop them. 
 Dear Steward, the city of Huron will fall. There are over a hundred-thousand Merrows trapped in Creachborough, and Medusa will be sure to infect every last one of them to build her army and take Huron. Not only are your troubles far from over, my boy, theyve increased a thousand-fold.
 Youre avoiding the question! Nikolas yelled. Xanthus wasnt a Merrow. How could he have turned into one of those monsters? Why did they go after him? Tell us whats going on.
 Oh, forgive me, my kin, Lir nodded slowly. but after thousands of years, I need to allow the truth to be free. He raised his chin. Allow me a little more time, Steward. I must tell you a story first. It all began with the lady of the Malvasia tree.
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 
 
