The Rules Change
Jaysynn  Book 2
A Children of the Wells novel

By John Bahler

Smashwords Edition

Table of Contents


Other Books in the Series

Chapter 1: The Brink of Revolution
Chapter 2: The New Rules
Chapter 3: The New Miracles
Chapter 4: We Adapt
Chapter 5: Kings Are Laid Low
Chapter 6: The New Economy
Chapter 7: Old Enemies
Chapter 8: The New Magic 
Chapter 9: The Order of Life and Death
Chapter 10: New Life

About the Author

This book was originally serialized atchildrenofthewells.comas part of an ongoing series. New stories published regularly.

Bron & Calea
The Select's Bodyguard
The Doctor's Assistant
The Well's Orphan

Jaysynn
The Fall of the House of Kyzer
The Rules Change
New Wells Rising


Chapter 1: The Brink of Revolution
Grab a knife, said a man in a dark brown cotton jacket. Grab a broomstick, grab a piece of pipe, whatever youve got.
The man he was talking to was a little confused. He had just answered a knock at the door, and these words were not what he was expecting. Of course he had already heard the commotion in the streets, and hed already gotten out of his recliner to look out the window to see what it was all about. But the warlike order from this complete stranger took him very much by surprise. He scratched his head and asked what this was all about.
This is it, said the man in the jacket. The entire city is without workand for how long? And every man, woman, and child is running low on food. This is the time to make a change. This is the time to save this city, to save your friends and neighbors, and to save yourself.
Is this some kind of a mob? the man who had answered the door asked.
This is no mob. The man in the jacket held his hand across his heart. This is a revolution! If you are suffering in the wake of the Terrible Day, then you are one of us. And if you want to join the causeif you want to oppose starvation and poverty, rampant crime, and the chaos that has overtaken Falcon Pointthen grab whatever weapon you can get your hands on. We are going straight to the Old Fort, straight to the governor, and we will make our voices heard!
So the man grabbed his hat, and he grabbed a sturdy lamp stand which the Cataclysm had rendered obsolete for its intended purpose, and he joined the crowd in their march through the city and toward the Old Fort. He joined not only the man in the dark brown cotton jacket, but also the neighbors who lived on his street, the beggars of the city, the laborers, the businessmen, and even the men who owned the great industries of Falcon Point, the men who had given so much life to Falcon Point before the day the Well was destroyed.
Rich and poor joined together in the fight. Young and old. Saint and sinner. This would be the day the broken world was set aright. This would be a day of glory.
Their march had begun in the rickety clapboard homes on the outskirts of town, where the ex-farmers and ex-miners moved when they grew tired of toiling in the rocky hills and decided to try their hands at urban poverty for a change. Now the mob was in a fine middle-class district. Here the homes were a fashionable rustic variety of log buildings cherished by a wealthier class of mountain man: the merchants, the small business owners. 
And soon their march would lead them into the old district at the center of town. The stately stone and brick homes and businesses in that area belonged to families who had been wealthy for generations, passing their rank and authority down from father to son through the passing centuries. These were the ones who owned the mining companies, the factories, and the property.
And these old worthy citizens were just as eager for revolution as were the destitute. Many of them would join the wild and mighty throng in the march on the Old Fort. For over five hundred years, the Old Fort had stood on the rim of the citys great Well, its massive stone arches testifying to the indomitable spirit of the city of Falcon Point and of the people who dwelt therein.
It was a celebrated structure, a beloved old castle. Fresh cracks had split its ancient mortar, and a tower in its rear had collapsed altogether in the Cataclysm, spilling its rubble across the graveyard. But it still pressed on, like a general, cold and undaunted. Any revolution in Falcon Point would begin at the Old Fort and make its final home in its ancient walls.
Of course, the true heart of the cityas with all the great citieswas not the castle at all, but the Well, which was now charred and empty. The Old Fort, with its stark towers, its elegant balustrades, and its ancient plot of headstones, watched over the now-worthless well. It was a faithful monument, refusing to let down its guard even after the magic had all departed.
Yes, the heart of the cityas with all the great citieswas dead and gone. So it fell to Governor Vac and the men in the Old Fort to keep the lifeblood of the city pumping. They didnt do it by pushing papers or by debating the contemporary issues. They did it by taking action. Blind, callous action. They pumped the citys blood by moving like machines now that the heart was dead.
And now, as a rebel militia took form within the city limits, Governor Vac sat at his desk in his office in the castle and heard the word of Coonhil, his Head of Intelligence, and chewed on the butt of a pen. Vacs cheeks and chin were strong and speckled with black and grey flecks, the stubble of an aging beard that looked like it was made of fine iron filings. 
Coonhil, a few unbound papers in his hands, stood straight as a rail in front of the governors desk. His voice was tightly wound, slightly high in pitch. His manner was professional and perfectly controlled. He reported, Still no clear leadership emerging in Jalseion. Some figures rise to grab for power, but food is scarce and no one is able to establish a foothold of authority. Its revolution upon revolution. I could give you the names of some of the leaders, but the power is shifting so quickly thatwell, Im sure a handful of them are already dead as I deliver this report.
Spare me the names, Vac said, the pen bobbing in his lips as he spoke. Are there any Selects in power?
My information is limited of course.
Any of the old prominent citizens? Any of the old Guides?
Not as far as we can tell, said Coonhil. Our spies are working
Fine, said Vac. And Thyrion? Are they at the point of martial law?
Coonhil took a breath. We dont know. There are certainly signs to indicate the beginnings of it. He glanced around the office, a spacious old room lined with paintings of the past governors of Falcon Pointevery one of them dead now. His voice echoed slightly off the stone walls and the heavy wooden floor as he spoke of the enemy city: Their military presence is only growing. But as a rule they are very poorly armed, which does limit their influence.
But well trained, Vac added.
Yes, sir.
Vac took the pen out of his mouth and laid it on his desk. And is Jaysynn the only one left? Do we know that yet?
Actually, I have one report that says hes dead as well. Details are sketchy.
Well, we need to know. Vac leaned forward in his seat; his shoulders were broad as a bears. Make that a high priority item.
I already have, said Coonhil.
Good, said Vac. For a moment his voice grew casual and lost its authoritarian edge. Well, this could be good news. The whole royal family may be wiped out. I wish I could have killed just one of them myself. Frankly, I wish I could have put Shars head on a pike. Or laid it on Thorynns doorstep.
You would prefer martial law to the rule of the Kyzers?
No. Not at all, the governor answered, fully recovered from his mild emotion, his subtle mix of hatred and relief. But I prefer Dracon to the Kyzers. He never wanted a war with us and I doubt he wants one now.
Power can change a mans mind in a hurry, Coonhil said with a thoughtful tilt of the head.
Oh, I know it. Especially if he can establish martial law. I said this was good newsI didnt say we could breathe easy.
Agreed.
Governor Vac rubbed his forehead with a heavy hand. Well, Id love to say a toast to the Fall of the House of Kyzer, but theres no time for that. Id love to talk about rebuilding our mining and manufacturing, too, but I become more and more troubled with the more basic necessities: no one is going to trade food. Thyrion certainly wont. Jalseion isnt capable of any kind of trade, Im afraid. And in every other city and town its the same story. That means weve either got to raid other peoples villages or weve got to be self-sufficient. But how in the hell are we supposed to be self-sufficient on a mountainside? What about our own farms? Are they staying stable? Are the refugee camps showing productivity? Do we have enough food on this mountain to last till harvestand when harvest comes, will we have enough to live for the next year?
Coonhil scratched his chest, but after his hesitation he went on confidently, There is some unrest in the rural regions, but in general they are faring better than the city. Our food storage would not have been sufficient to last until the harvest, but our loss of mouths to feed is expected to leave us with a slight surplus.
When you tell me these things, try not to sound too relieved at how many people are dead, all right?
Yes, sir.
As he spoke, Vac turned his chair around to face the window behind his desk, and he held his hand out toward the opening beneath the stone arch and toward the city that lay beyond the window. Of course weve still got to figure out how to get that food to the people out there. But thats good to know. How long until we cant take in any more refugees?
Because their rations are so small, we should be able to last another
His words were cut short. A guard in a brown drab uniform flung the door wide open and barged into the meeting. Youve got a mob brewing! he said, his hand pointing behind him.
Governor Vac inhaled calmly, and calmly spoke: Dammit. Dont these people know Im trying to work here? He turned his face again to Coonhil. Alright, do you have anything else thats important?
No, sir. Not more important than a mob, answered his Head of Intelligence.
Without another word, Vac rose to his feet. It was a slow process: he was a man of bulknot tall by any measure, but stocky, densely built. His joints were getting a little old. So sometimes the limitations of his body robbed him of his haste.
And in times of crisis he deliberately moved slowly. It was his private little method of mastering the world. He who is afraid runs around like a headless chicken. And he who fears nothing stands up slowly, and walks slowly across the room, and slowly down the hall. He moves step-by-step onto the balcony, into the cold wind. But he does not lay his hand leisurely on the balustradehe does so with absolute deliberation. And he does not rest his hand upon the railhe grips it.
In that way Vac moved to face the crowd from above. The mob gushed through the streets like a flooded river, but spotted Governor Vac on the balcony before they had reached the heavy front doors to the Old Fort. When he made his appearance before them, they drew to a halt. The cobblestone streets of the old district were full of gaunt-faced men brandishing knives and broomsticks. And, in recent years, swords had become popular decorations, commemorating the bold and fiercely independent heritage of Falcon Point, so a good number of the rioters had blades tailor-made for the killing of men. 
These they lifted high above their heads, shouting threats and curses at the governor, which echoed through the corridors of the old district, with its streets of stone and its buildings of brick and plaster. The clamor of the crowd was threat upon threat, each cry ringing through the street blurring together with all the other cries so that nothing that anyone said was intelligible to the man they were yelling at.
Vac answered with a steadfast glare, and he gripped the railing on the balcony. The Old Fort was a stone sentinel. The sky at his back was duller than slate. 
From the moment he first showed his face, the shouts crescendoed for several minutes, but in time they began to dwindle slightly. They would escalate again soon enough, for the volume of an impassioned crowd cycles up and down as perfectly as a sine wave.
When the low point in that cycle came, Vacs voice boomed across the crowd: What do I have to say for myself, you ask?
Whether or not anyone had asked that, he had no idea. But he asked it with such dominance that they all believed that they had collectively asked precisely that question. So their shouts declined further still. Some of them repeated his question back at him. But the cycle was broken. Their cries did not redouble, but they dried out, wilted, and at last faded into silence. Two thousand angry young men, at least, were hushed in anticipation of Vacs answer to their burning question.
He milked the silence. He knew how long it would last and how long it would not last. He could read it in the tension of the air, and in the eyes of each man in the crowdand he met many of those eyes directly. 
Just before the first murmurings resumed, he spoke: I can understand why youre all here. Youve lost a lot lately and youre angry. Youre scared. Youre hungry. Well, if you kill me and my staff, the meat on our bones isnt going to last you very long. And our pantries are just as empty as yours. So youll still be hungry, and youll still be angry, and youll still be scared. Therefore, instead of storming the Old Fort, I ask you to do something strange instead. Go home. Be with your families. Hold them tight and tell them you love them. And pray. Pray for the city. Pray for your families and yourselves. Pray for me and my staff.
While youre doing that, I can guarantee we wont be doing that. Well be working night and day to figure out how to get food into the city. How to get our businesses and industries running without magic. And how to keep you safe from looters, from foreign enemies, and from yourselves. So I ask you now, from the bottom of my heart, please get the hell out of here so I can keep this city alive.
After blasting out those words, Vac fell silent; and the wind blew through the city streets, over the heads of the men in the mob, and licked his stony cheeks.
Then one of thema man in a dark brown cotton jacketyelled out in the silence: Why should you have peace when theres no peace for any of us!
Vac looked down on him from above. He did not speak: he stared in a silence and a stillness that was greater than an earthquake. Anger was in his brows, and his eyes did not waver nor blink, nor did he shift his weight on his feet, nor twitch his fingers. Instead, their grip was firm on the rail. Vac was a statue. He was made of stone, the same old, weathered, unbreakable stone that made up the Old Fort.
This mob had gathered to storm the capitol and turn its leader into lifeless flesh. They came to spill this mans blood. But now it was unthinkable. In him was more dignity and more stone-cold resolve than in all their number combined.
So, without shouting, without speaking, without murmuring, they lowered their heads. They broke the stare and looked toward their feet. They turned their backs to the Old Fort. They wandered home.
Those who had shouted the loudest, those who had wanted to remain firm, those who were content to match the governors gazethey glanced about them to see their friends and neighbors departing. A few of them tried to rally the mobthe man in the jacket urged his compatriots to stand their groundbut the miraculous energy of the throng was gone, suppressed from above. The spirit of rebellion and outrage was dead and buried with hardly a word to its memory.
Vac remained motionless until the mob was dispersed, until not one of them was still staring back up at him, until even the man in the jacket had cast his eyes aside. Then he loosened his hold on the rail, popped his knuckles against it, and walked back in from the balcony.
Coonhil greeted him with a handshake and a pat on the back, but he, like the mob, could not find a word worthy of the moment.
Now where were we? Vac said, his voice a little gruff. The economy?
Well, I believe so, Coonhil answered, following Vacs momentum back toward the office.
Good. Lets get on with it then, said Vac.
Coonhil said nothing, in disbelief that Vac was so soon ready to get back down to business.
Vac glanced at him. He didnt smile. I need a glass of water, he said.

Chapter 2: The New Rules
 An old bus squealed and hissed as it came to a halt. Ten days ago it was an antique, and the man who owned it and maintained it was an eccentric: his mind was in the past and not the present, and he loved experiments more than practical accomplishments. Now that the cataclysm had wiped out the magic engines and weapons and screens, this steam-powered bus was suddenly one of the most advanced pieces of technology on the planet, and its owner was reaping a fortune driving people out of Thyrion and into Falcon Point. His fares were modest, but he was paid well on delivery: a third party was eager for bodies.
All right, said the driver, standing to his feet and pulling a list of names out of his pocket. Some of you are supposed to get off here. He read the list of names. Jaysynn and Kyrie and her family were not on it. Have your ID ready as you get off. If you dont, the guards outside will turn you back around.
Jaysynn had laid in the aisle for most of the trip, but now he was in a seat next to Kyrie, watching the people on the list getting off the bus. I dont like this, he said.
Maybe theyre criminals, Kyrie said.
Her father sat in the seat in front of them. He was an ex-military man and still wore his hair according to regulations. He turned around to face the others and said, Maybe were the criminals. He nodded once like hed just delivered the ultimate commentary, but the others were not yet convinced.
Theres a lot of people still on the bus that dont have any connection to Jaysynn, Kyrie said. I dont think weve been caught.
Maybe not, Jaysynn said. But I still dont like it.
Kyries father glanced around the bus. Aside from the women in our family, he said, theres only one other woman staying on the bus. Thats not a good sign. And she looks kinda criminal.
Kyrie, each of her siblings, and Jaysynn all turned to catch a glance of the woman; the young ones, in particular, were not subtle about it. This woman was their test: if she looked like a captured convict, they all were convicts.
She looked poor, unwashed for at least a week. But not many in Thyrion had the luxury of bathing in that past week: all were poor. The real clue was her jaw: it was muscular, strong as stone from over thirty years of gritting her teeth.
As this strange thing was happeningas half the passengers were allowed to get off and the others forbidden from leavingthis woman sat silently, expressionless, except for a tight forehead and a slight frown that probably never left her face.
She took no noticeor pretended not towhen three girls and two boys and two grown men turned around to catch a glimpse of her.
As each of them tried in his own mind to decide if she was a lawbreaker, an argument started just outside the bus door. A frantic man with a high-pitched voice had been talking for some time, but suddenly his voice raised to a shout. I forgot my ID. Let me go get my family and they can tell you who I am.
Im sorry sir, said one of the guards. Youll have to return to the bus. Your family will know where to find you. He motioned toward the bus.
No, said the man. This isnt fair. Two of the guards grabbed his arms and helped him into the bus. He kicked and flailed. I dont want to stay on the bus. I want to go with them.
Youre going to go to a place that has food and water and shelter, said the guard. And thats better than where these people are going.
Why? Where are they going?
Theyre free, said one guard.
Free to starve, said the other.
The man grew suddenly passive as the guards pushed him into an empty seat. His face was red and beads of sweat popped out of his skin. But he was breathing slowly and deeply. A strange, despairing calm had washed over him.
Youll live, said the guard. Be thankful.
They exited the vehicle, chests puffed out in silent celebration of their authority, and the bus squeaked and squealed as it built its momentum and rolled down the road.
Kyrie tapped Jaysynn on the shoulder. Why dont you ask the driver where were going? He shifted his weight in his seat. The bus trembled as it rolled over the rough mountain road.
Ill talk to him, her father said. He stood and walked up the aisle. He moved slowly and only with the help of a crutch, because the muscles on one of his legs were worthlessthe reward for his service to Thyrion. When he reached the front of the bus he leaned over the driver and said, Whats this about?
The driver was unintimidated, almost bored, like this kind of exchange was as routine as glancing over his shoulder when changing lanes. Im about the luckiest man in the world, I figure, he said, cause businesses are all going in the tank. The mines are shut down, and the factories.  Everybodys hungry. Nothing to do to earn a living any more. But me, I got a job. And youre all gonna have jobs, too. This bus is going to Tarcs farmits a refugee camp. And old Tarc, hes gonna take care of you. Itll be some hard work, but hard workany workis the best blessing in the world right now.
Why didnt you tell us this was part of the deal before we got on the bus?
Sorry if you didnt know, mister. If you dont want to work, just let old Tarc know. He pays me to deliver, so I deliver. And then if you decide you dont want a job, well, thats fine with meI still get paid.
Well, fine, said Kyries father. I just dont like the dishonesty. Thats no way to treat people.
People dont always treat each other good, said the driver, his eyes on the road.
Kyries father returned to his children, three daughters and two sons, of whom Kyrie was the oldest. Their mother was not present. She had been laid to rest a year earlier. Kyrie had hoped to raise money to buy the medicine she needed to live, but medicine has little power against the order of life and death. The job that she had gotten at the bakery was a great blessing to her and her family, to be sure, but it could not save everyone.
Aside from Kyries family and Jaysynn, and the red-faced man who sat near the front of the bus, about a dozen others were on board, most of them young men.
They all were silent now. They were like colorless clay sculptures of menflesh and blood, but without passion or investment or virtue until such a time as their fates would become apparent. Kyries family looked at one another, but the young men on the bus, the men who had no families, stared out the windows at the rocks and trees. And every once in a while the trees would part, and the view from the mountain trail would open up to miles and miles of open country. A sea of trees. And beyond the treetops, grassy plains. And beyond the grass, far from the Well at the center of Falcon Point, was desert.
Life came from the wells. It always had. Where there were no wells, there was no life, no vegetation. Now the wells were destroyed. Jaysynn and Kyrie and the others took that lonely mountain trail to a farming camp. They had work, which was a blessing, it was true. But how long the crops would spring up from the ground in a land without magic, no one knew.
People were starving now for lack of work. But perhaps a time was coming soon when all of Lomara would starve. The plants would wither, and soon nothing would be left but the desert dust.
So, without destinies, the passengers on the bus were silent, and they seldom twitched or moved.
At last the bus arrived at the gates of Tarcs camp. Through the chain link fence were rows of shoddy new buildings, all whitewashed, all identical in shape and size. The ground around them was beaten raw by the footfalls of the workersso the bunkhouse village already looked like the desert had newly reached it. This was visible to the passengers only through the towering fence, taller than any of the buildings in the whole camp and topped with razor wire. 
The gate was a different matter. On either side of it were concrete towers, and two watchmen were posted in each. Whether their job was to keep people in or out was not clear, but it was clear that all four of them were needed in order to open the gate. It was a giant bi-fold door, built of metal scrapped from automobile chassis and then coated in black oxide paint.
The men climbed down from their towers and muscled the gate open, and when the bus was inside, they pulled it shut again and stood with their backs to it, facing the bus. They wore short swords on their hips.
A dozen other men in charcoal black shirts and pants surrounded the bus, mostly unarmed, but a few carried batons. One of the twelve wore a hat. It was short-brimmed and dressy, but three bars were sewn onto it like it was some kind of military rank. Around his waist hung a cavalry sword. He and the others formed a semicircle around the bus door and waited for the passengers to come out.
This is the Tarc Refugee Camp, said the driver. Everyone off.
With a little hesitation, but otherwise without incident, the passengers filled the aisles and made their way out of the bus and onto the yard. Their feet kicked up dry dust when they met the ground.
One of the men pointed his baton toward a building across the yard, opposite the bunkhouse village. Head in that building across the way and well get everybody sorted out, he said.
Some of the young men were already shuffling that way when Kyrie and her family and Jaysynn got off the bus. There was a little crabgrass growing around the building. Its boards were in good shapethey were all newbut it had been nailed together in a hurry. The lines didnt seem quite straight. The corners didnt match up quite right.
Just across the way, the man said. Thats town hall right there. He smiled at the man with the hat, amused at his little joke. The other man didnt smile back, but stared at Jaysynnthe stare that solves mysteries: every muscle on the mans face was tense.
Jaysynn hid his lips behind Kyrie and whispered, One of these guys knows who I am. Hes trying to remember.
Lets just go with the crowd, she said.
Jaysynn went on, If word gets around that Im here, there could be trouble.
The young emperor walked in the middle of the crowd, trying to casually hide his face among the others, trying to stoop his shoulders and change his gait and make his expression blank, trying to look not like himself.
Nobody recognized you, Kyrie said when they were near the doorway of the main building.
They will, said Jaysynn.
He and Kyrie, along with her family and the other passengers, entered into the cool dark of the building. Little sunlight crept in through the windows, so most of the light in the crowded room came from oil lamps crudely cut from old tin coffee cans.
No one was in the room to greet them other than a few more guards who lined the walls. The passengers began to murmur among themselves and to take note of the armed men in black who seemed to be their new masters. Their shirts were black as pitch, and in the poorly lit room they stood like shadows armed with sword and club.
Though they gave the impression of a disciplined military, their shirts didnt match. They had all been dyed the same deep black, but they were all a different cut. Whatever shirts these men happened to own became their uniforms when they fell under the reign of the head of the camp.
The tension grew for less than a minute when the guard with the hat tapped one of his men and pointed toward the front of the room. The other guard saluted him and moved before the crowd. His voice was shrill, and it soared above the grumble of the passengers: Quiet. Tarc has a few words to say. There are to be no interruptions when he speaks.
 Those words ushered in silence, and a big man came in from another room. Authority was in his bearing and in his blood, and in fact this man Tarc was Governor Vacs brother. He walked like a wall of cloud: big and slow, but gripping the attention of everyone within twenty miles, because it was clear that somewhere in his being he carried the strength of a whirlwind.
Welcome, he said, facing the small crowd. His tone was as friendly as dirt. Youre all here today because this world is dying, and this farm is not. Because outside those walls people are killing each other for bread, but in here, there is food for anyone who works. Youre here for your own survival. Im here for my survival. In that way were very much alike. The difference is this: My job is to make the rules that help keep us all alive, and your job is to follow those rules.
Today I want to give you a brief overview of those rules. If you dont learn them today, thats fine. I have no problem with slow learners. But understand that there will be consequences. Loss of eating privileges. Corporal punishment. I dont prescribe these things because I dont like youI do it because I have found that these are the best ways to help slow learners. If a dog doesnt sit when you say sit, you strike itand this is an act of love.
You have seen a small portion of this camp. The mens village is just outside; the womens village is on the other side of the camp. Any man who thinks about sneaking over to the womens camp, consider the fruit of your secret visit: that woman will have to toss her baby over the wall. Because in this camp no oneabsolutely no onewho does not work will eat. It doesnt matter if they are little and cute. It doesnt matter if its your baby. 
If any man is injured, he must work, becauseby the laws of survivalwe cannot afford to feed him. Therefore, your safety is a great priority for you as well as for me. Anyone who puts himself at risk of injury will be punished. I see a cripple in the crowd here. It used to be that there were resources in this world to take care of people like you. Those resources are gone. So now you will have to earn your survival day by day like the rest of us. The same goes for the children.
No one is to leave the camp and no one is to go into the city without my express permission. No one is to eat more than his fair share, and no one working with food or crops is allowed to eat anything. If any man should steal, his rations will be garnished until the debt is paid twice over. If he starves, we will call it justice.
Now, as Im sure you can tell, youre still alive. Your hearts are still pumping blood through your veins. And that means that the world isnt over. And life isnt over. And the times will get better. But for now things are going to be difficult. Youre going to have to workand work hard. And youre going to have to follow rules that you wont like. But the times will get better. If we persevere. If we work together. Is that understood?
Whether awed by Tarcs presence or terrified by his guards, all were silent.
Very well then, said Tarc. My men will show you to your quarters.
Wait, said the nervous man from the bus. Some of us werent planning on staying here.
I dont care about that, said Tarc.
The bus driver
I also dont care what the bus driver said. He lied.
What do you mean he lied?
I paid him to lie, said Tarc. I paid him to get you all here without incident.
So were stuck here? said the man. His face had turned a passionate red. Lookwe came here because Remirion is supposed to be the land of the free. And youre saying we cant even leave the camp without your say-so? This is an atrocity of human rights.
Tarc was unmoved. My hands are clean on that matter, actually: you can thank the Governor for that rule. Hes declared a state of war, and no foreigner is allowed into the city. If you were to leave, sir, there would be nowhere to go. This is the only place on Lomara where there is a home for you.
Thats a lie, too, said the man, pointing a finger. Just like you told the driver to lie, youre lying to us. Theres no state of war. Who is Remirion at war with?
With nobody in particular, said Tarc. But the governor suspects that the security of Remirionor Falcon Point as we call it hereis in jeopardy, and, frankly, only an idiot would disagree with him. Im sure weve got a few idiots in our employ, but they will find themselves utterly powerless to change the Governors policies or mine. As I said, the times will get better. Stability will return eventually, and this restriction will be lifted as soon as possible.
The man focused a hot stare at Tarc. This is inhuman. Foreigners arent allowed in your city. So you make them into slaves.
Tarc turned to the guard who had announced his coming. He spoke loud enough for everyone in the room to hear: Give him the idiot treatment.
The man with the red face went on, I thought RemirionFalcon Pointstood for justice and equality! I thought this was the great bastion of freedom in the modern world.
A rod struck him in the forehead. The bright red of his face gushed out into a puddle on the floor and his body collapsed, knocked unconscious by the blow.
The other passengers grew defensive. Some grumbled to one another, others shouted at Tarc and the guards. Kyries father called him a monster. One of her brothers told him to burn in Barathrum. Jaysynn was quiet, desiring not to be recognized.
But Tarcs voice was powerful enough to squelch them all, and his stance was as bold as Governor Vacs had been when he faced the mob. They were similar men with a similar build, but Tarc was bigger, and not so old. Youre in a room full of armed guards who will cause you all the pain I want them to, he said. And its lucky for you that Im a more generous man than you think I am, and that I dont want them to raise a finger. He paused to let them consider the possibility of his violence, and the possibility of his mercy. Youll be surprised at how quickly you learn the new rules, he said. Now, Im sure youre eager to see your new quarters.

Chapter 3: The New Miracles
It was deep enough into spring that night on that broad mountain that the frogs came out of their hiding places to sing. The katydids filled the night with their buzzing and whirring, and the cicadas, though fewest in number, where the loudest of all. It would drive a person mad if it werent so beautiful.
The blue darkness of night covered the camp, and the stars were big and bright. They were brighter than theyd been in over a century, now that there was no magic below, and no lights aside from fireflies and foxfire and a few torches and primitive oil lamps like the es in the town hall.
Hard work makes the past matter less, Kyrie thought as she lay down on her cot for her fourth night. She didnt care that the world had ended. She had worked hard. She had eaten enough. Now she was lying in bed, more ready for sleep than shed ever been before. She knew it was poison, what she was thinking. She knew the past had to matter. She knew that someone had to find the truth behind the Cataclysm, had to see that justice was done, had to restore order in the world. But she also knew she didnt care, didnt have the strength to worry. She was powerless to change the world, and that was fine. It felt good, laying her head on the pillow and closing her eyes. Life was good, life was bad, and she was going to bed.
She started to dream even before she was unconscious: a man walked up to the window with a bird in his hands. He opened his fingers, but the bird wouldnt fly. He brought his hands up to encourage it, but it was dead. So he threw it to her right where she lay, and it struck her in the face. 
Kyrie jerked her head back, and she was so close to wakefulness that she opened her eyes at once and saw a crumpled piece of paper next to her pillow. Since she shared her bunkhouse with seven other women, she uncrumpled it carefully so as not to wake any of them or catch their attention. Unfortunately, it was too dark to make out any of it, so she crept out of her bunk and made her way out the door so she could try to read it by moonlight. The front door squeaked, but no one would be made suspicious at thatwomen came and went throughout the night to go to the outhouse. What they never did was uncrumple pieces of paper.
Once outside, she walked a few paces from the door and held the note up to the light of the waning moon.
Come outside, it said. 
She wadded it back up again and started looking around. She heard fingers snapping and followed the sound around the corner of the bunkhouse, to a deep black shadow, but no one was there. She walked around the back of the bunkhouse and still saw no one. But the shadow of a treetop just brushed the back wall, and its trunk paved a road of shade leading past the edge of the womens village. 
So, without any other hint, she headed toward the tree. She got there and, finding no one, looked up into the boughs, but couldnt see much of anything up there.
A whisper came from the fence, just loud enough to cut across a small cow pasture: Over here.
Kyrie followed and, once at the fence, again saw no one, but, finding a dip in the ground where she couldnt be seen from far off, she squatted with her back to a fence post, listening closely for another sign.
Its good to see you, said a voicesoftly spoken, but not a whisper.
Staying low, she turned on her feet, and on the other side of the chain link was Jaysynn, squatting so they were eye-to-eye. Before saying a word her eyes turned and ran across the top and bottom of the fence, looking for a tunnel below or a gap in the razor wire above. How did you get out? she said.
Dont worry about it, Jaysynn said. Its something I do well. You wouldnt be able to get out the same way.
Well, find another way, she said. Or get some tools and cut a hole in the fence. Right here. Ill know right where to find it, and no one will be able to see you.
Jaysynn shook his head and gave a hint of a sigh. No, look: I didnt come here to bust you out. I just wanted to talk a little, see how youre doing.
With those words, Kyries shoulders deflatednot because her hopes of escape had been crushed, but because she remembered that just minutes ago she didnt want to escape. She was as happy as she cared to be, and she was going to let somebody else worry about the worlds problems. Now she realized that those problems were Jaysynns burden, and that he didnt care either.
Are you going back to the mens camp tonight? she asked.
Thats where Ive got a bed, he said. And Elthor knows I could use the rest. Kyrie looked down at her hands, and Jaysynn went on, Ive been hauling manure from one giant pile to anotherwere taking it from outside a horse lot to a field where its gonna be spread. Some of the guys have wheelbarrows but there arent enough to go around, and Im the new guy, you know. I just partner up with somebody and we carry a big load of it on an old door. I guess theres a carpenter here whos making wooden wheelbarrows, so I keep thinking Ill get one, but they dont hold up very well, so hes got to keep repairing them and that means they dont get built very fast. How about you?
Oh, I dont know, she said.
I mean what have they had you doing?
Pulling weeds, she said.
Yeah? Like in a garden?
No. Its a field. Its huge, but weve got to do it all by hand.
How about your sisters? Jaysynn asked.
Were all working together. Theyre doing well. Its tough on them, working hard all day in the sun, but I think theyll
Jaysynn shrugged, waiting for her to finish. When she didnt, he ventured a guess: You think theyll like it?
Yeah. She nodded. They might.
Yeah. Jaysynn waited for her to say more, or to ask about the men in her family. When she didnt, he offered it up: Im not working with your brothers. Theyre picking stones out of pastures and stuff like that. The guy that works with them seems really good with kids. And your dad is holding up okay. Hes Jaysynn cleared his throat. Hey. Is there something wrong?
I dont know, said Kyrie. Weve been here not even four days and were already okay with it. I mean, this is slavery, right? Isnt that what it is?
They listened to the frogs for a minute.
Last night I went into the city, Jaysynn said. Theres a lot of damage, you know. The Well looks the same as ours. Some of the buildings are in bad shape, some are okay. It looks like theres been a lot of looting and vandalism. But they are in better shape than Thyrion. Theres no doubt about that. But it doesnt change the fact thatall the jobs disappeared overnight. Their economy was all mines and factories, and all their equipment is just dead. People are scared, and a lot of them are hungry. And I dont have the royal pantry to share from. I wish I could help, but theres nothing I can do. 
Now, I think its pretty selfish of Remirion to not let refugees in the city, but I can see why theyve got that policy. If we were in the city, we would just be two more mouths combing the same garbage cans for food. Frankly, as long as things outside are running the way they are, were better off in here.
But shouldnt we be doing something to solve the problem? Kyrie said, the tension of tears climbing her throat.
Were making food, said Jaysynn. There are a lot of things people need right now, but if they dont eat, nothing else matters.
Kyrie didnt look at him. She breathed deeply once and then again. Then she said, gazing past him and beyond the trees on the outside of the fence, What do you think is your purpose in life?
To live another day. Jaysynn let out a quick burst of laughter, but it was nervous and feeble. Kyrie shook her head and he answered again: My purpose is to help others by doing the best I can with what Ive got. Right now my purpose is to make sure theres manure ready to spread so the fields will make a little better yield and a few more people will get to eat.
Thats the Emperors purpose? she said, angrily. Thats the Watchmans purpose?
Look, said Jaysynn. When we first got here I was worried people would know who I was, and a lot of people recognized meI know they did. I got to thinking about that and I dont know why I was worried. There is no Emperor. Theres no royal family. Theres no Thyrion. Theres no nothing.
Theres no nothing? Kyrie said. Well, I think youre wrong about that.
Oh, said Jaysynn playfully. So you think theres not no nothing?
Im being serious, she said, and crossed her arms. Jaysynn said nothing, but waited for her to calm down, for her shoulders to drop a little, and for her eyes to gaze up at the moon.
Some of the women in the camp she said, they say Elethem is at work.
Elthor, you mean, Jaysnn corrected her.
No, she said, still looking up. Elthor is just a token of religion, they say. Elthor is the god that made Thyrians better than everyone else. They say he blew up two weeks ago and theres nothing left but a hole in the ground.
Hmm, said Jaysynn. I wish I could argue.
But they say theres something bigger at work, Kyrie went on. Something that makes Elthor and Thyrion and everything else look like a joke. They say Elethem saw how proud people got and he kind of started to laugh, and one little chuckle sent cracks through the land and toppled skyscrapers and blasted the wells to pieces. I dont know much about that. I mean I dont know if all this destruction is really for the good. But I do know that theres miracles going on.
Before we got here one of the women got her foot run over by a cartthe cart slipped back down a hill when she was taking a sack of grain off of it. Everybody heard it crunch. She cried and said it was smashed to pieces, and blood soaked through her socks and shoes in no more than a second. So they put her on a table and gave her a piece of wood to bite on while they took her shoe off. And when they got it off, there wasnt even a bruise. No broken bones, not a break in the skin. After they washed the blood away, all they saw was a nice, clean foot. And since weve been here there was an older woman who was really sick but they made her keep working. Well one day she...
Those days are over, Jaysynn said. Its easy to think that we see something like thatsome trace of magicjust because we cant make sense of the world without it. We expect it. But the age of magic is gone.
Okay, said Kyrie. Then how did you survive when you fell out of the Hall of Records? Why didnt Dracon or his men find you?
I got lucky, Jaysynn said. I landed in a weird place. Like this place right here: nobody can see us unless they come close. Or maybe Dracon kept them away so they wouldnt know what hed done.
Jaysynn, Kyrie wrapped her fingers around a link in the fence. You landed on the sidewalk. Nobody could have ordered them not to see you. You were safe because there was magic. I could feel it.
Whatso you were lying in bed thinking about me and you got some magic feeling? Jaysynn stood. Thats not a miracle, he said. Thats just a dreamy little girl.
Kyrie did not stand with Jaysynn. She was still squatting in the pasture, and her head was low. I was there, she said. I was at the Hall of Records. I saw you fall.
How did you know I was there?
You told me thats where you were going. So I went as quick as I could. When I heard the window break and I saw the body falling, I knew it was you. When you hit the ground, you put a crack in the pavement. I thought you were dead. But in an instant I knew that some miracle had protected you. The guards saw it too, and they rushed to the place where youd landed, and they stood right over the top of you, but they couldnt find you. Dracon was yelling from the window, Where did he go? Find him! And I could see you plain as dayfrom twenty or thirty yards away. And then I knew that if I left, they would be able to see you. So I stayed until morning. I stood over you and watched youand the guards wandered past, yelling for me to tell them where you crawled off to, unable to see. I was hiding you. But it wasnt me. It was a power bigger than me. And the women in the camp say that its Elethem.
I dont know what happened that night, said Jaysynn. All I know is that the whole order of nature that made magic possible is gone.
 Its notits right in front of us.
Jaysynn went on, And the whole order that made me Emperor is goneand that made it possible for me to be the Watchman. Its a world without bread. A world without medicine. This has been a tough pill for me to swallow. Jaysynn smiled at her. Its been kind of humbling, you know. To see how powerless I am to change the world.
 Jaysynn, true humility is in acknowledging the truth thats right in front of your face. Its in accepting your destiny rather than denying it.
 I never had a destiny, Jaysynn said. Even when I was prince. My father knew it and Dracon knew it.
Kyrie shook her head.
But listen, Jaysynn went on, not giving her a chance to speak up. Im exhausted after spending most of last night running into Falcon Point and back. We both need to get some sleep to keep our strength up. Youve got a lot of weeds to pull in the morning and Ive got a lot of manure to haul.
Kyrie gave him a disappointed look. 
Things will get better, he consoled her.
Wow, she said, standing at last. It didnt take you long to start parroting the boss man. Forget the fact that youre the emperor of Thyrion. Forget the fact that some miracle or some act of destiny for some reason kept you alive. And just have a good night and have a good time carting manure around in the morning.
She walked away.
Now hold on, Jaysynn said, but she didnt turn back. A chain link fence and a row of razor wire gleamed in the moonlight, and the cicadas made a terrible racket.

Chapter 4: We Adapt
A massive cottonwood stood just outside the fence and looked over the camp that night. It dropped a thousand floating seeds, and also Jaysynn hurtled down from its branches. He rolled along the ground when he landed and sprang quickly to his feet, then ran like a rodent looking for cover until he made it to his bunkhouse.
There he closed his eyes and thought about how he was never going to fall asleep, kept awake by worrying that Kyrie was upset, and that maybe she had been right to challenge himmaybe he had accepted this place because that was easier than accepting his calling, his unexpected title. But once in his bunk, he soon stopped turning in his bed and grew calm, and the worries of the long day washed away into blackness.
Just then the door opened and the light of torches flooded the room. Jaysynn sat quickly upright. The other men were slower to react. They squinted and groaned.
Half a dozen guards entered the room, and their leader straightened his hat and spoke up: Hes here now.
They surrounded Jaysynns bunk and told him to get out of bed. 
Whats this about? he said.
The same guard answered, Dont worry. Theres no punishment here thats so bad that you cant get up and work the next morning. 
Beyond that, Jaysynn didnt ask any question or make any complaint. He just leapt out of his top bunk. His bare feet landed on the floor boards without making a sound: every inch of his body knew how to take a fall.
Come along, said the leader. Two walked in front of him, two behind, and one on either side as they led him out the door, across the yard, and into the town hall.
This camp was far younger than the city of Falcon Point, and its headquarters was quite new compared to the Old Fort. But in spite of its newness, it was not as comfortable as the castle in town. Nor was it as majestic, nor as beautiful. It wasnt as proud. Not as sturdy, not as strong. It wasnt even as stark. It was just there. Practical. And that only for the next few years.
An oil lamp sat on Tarcs desk and lit his face, its glow flickering off the lenses of his reading glasses. A mass of papers was spread out in front of him, with a sheet or two in each hand. He looked over his glasses to see his men with Jaysynn in their custody.
 Welcome back Captain Mile, said Tarc.
The guard with the hat, with the sword on his waist and the dagger-shaped lapel pin, brought his feet together and saluted.
I see you found him, Tarc went on. He looked back down at his papers and asked, Did you give him a warning?
No sir, said the captain. We thought you would want
Dont you think you should give him a warning? said the boss.
Yes, sir. Captain Mile bowed his head dutifully.
While Tarc checked over the numbers scribbled down in front of him, the captain held his hand out toward one of his guards, who laid his baton in his open palm. Captain Mile raised the baton and took a swing at Jaysynns head. Jaysynn instinctively stepped back, but the guards behind him prevented his movement. He held up an arm to block the blow, and the blow sent a tingle from his fingers to his shoulder. The guards then grabbed Jaysynn. He realized that struggle would get him nowhere, so he did not resist. Instead, with his arms chicken-winged behind his back, he readied himself to receive the blow.
Captain Mile handed the baton back to his subordinate and patted Jaysynn on the cheek with his bare hand. Relax, he said. Just a warning. Just something to get you thinking.
The other guards released him.
Thats enough, Tarc said. Leave us alone. And the room was soon empty except for Jaysynn and the man at the desk. He laid down his papers and placed his reading glasses gently on the top of the mess.
Whats your name? he asked.
UmElric, said Jaysynn.
Sorry about your armElric, said Tarc.
Jaysynn looked down at his arm and back at Tarc, but said nothing.
Those guys are just the same as youjust people that came here on the bus. Well, most of them have been with me for a few years, but they were still the same: people trying to get away from a life that wasnt working out. My operation was quite a bit different before the Cataclysm, of course, but I still tried to get the most good out of all my employees. Some of these guys worked a couple days in the fields and then started picking fights. They just werent happy unless they were brawling. So I decided that I would let em do what makes em happyand I would make it work to my purpose. Since I let one of them take a shot at you and five of them hold you down to show off how manly they all are, theyll be satisfied for a week. If I hadnt let them do that, well then they would go pick a fight with somebody who didnt do nothing wrong. See, when somebody is too violent, thats an easy problem to take care ofnot only to solve it, but to utilize it. But I get the feeling youre a bigger problem than that. Youre a rule-breaker of the worst kind, would you agree?
 No, sir, said Jaysynn.
You left your bunk at night for an unsanctioned reason. You left the camp. I am probably correct in assuming that you went into the citywhich is not only against the rules of this camp but also the laws of the city. I am also reasonably certain that youve been in the womens camp to see the girl that you were travelling with.
Ive not broken the spirit of any of the rules of this camp or of the city of Remirion.
And thats just it, said Tarc, leaning forward now with an elbow on his desk and a finger pointed at Jaysynn. Its not the place of a farmhand to decide which rules apply to him and which ones dont. That makes you the worst kind of rule-breaker and the most dangerous kind of employee.
Jaysynn stood almost at attention, not in deference to Tarcs authority, but because that posture was the surest way to keep his emotions out of the room. Youve made your point, sir.
Not quite, said Tarc. He paused for a minute. He leaned back in his chair with arms crossed. Do you know what a rule-breaker is?
You tell me, sir, said Jaysynn.
A rule-breaker is a visionary. And he shrugged and went on, depending on what type of visionary he is, he either accomplishes great things or he gets his head cut off. Now, Im a rule-breaker myself. Do you know what rules Im breaking?
Youre stripping men and women of their freedoms for your own benefit.
Tarc smiled. Well said. He leaned forward again and went on, speaking quickly and directly, But youre soft pedaling: Im running a damn slave camp. Im paying people nothing but their daily bread. And Im using their labor to establish businesses that will all be running strong when this city gets back on its feet. Im using this catastropheand the suffering and desperation its createdto get ahead. Two weeks ago if youd told me about someone doing what Im doing now, Id say to cut his head off. But today Im the biggest humanitarian on the whole mountainside. I changed the rules. Thats how we Falconers live: we change the rules, or the rules change on their own, and we adapt. Now, from one rule-breaker to another, I ask you: what is your vision? 
I dont have a vision, Jaysynn said.
I dont like dancing around to get a question answered, said Tarc. You snuck out of the camp and you went to the city. Think about it a minute and then tell me clearly what you were doing or what you were looking for, or youre going to be one of those rule-breakers that loses his head.
I dont know, said Jaysynn. I wanted to see what it was really like. What the problems were, if there was work for the people, if there was food.
You thought I was lyingyou thought youd be better off there than here? Is that it?
No, said Jaysynn. I just wanted to know what kind of trouble there was, and if there was a way for people to make it out of it.
So youre some kind of bleeding heart, then? Or are you looking for lost sheep so you can be a shepherd? You want to lead?
I dont know if I want to lead, Jaysynn said. His posture slackened a little. I know I want to help the people that are suffering.
Tarc nodded. His posture, too, grew a little less tense. He had spoken honestly before, but it was a businesslike honesty. Now his voice was less terse, almost rich: The only thing to do for people is lead them, he said. Thats the only help. Thats what they want. They used to say to give people hope. Give them a sense of self-worth. Give them education. Give them love. Whatever. Anyway, thats all yesterdays bullshit now. Give them a leader. Thats all there is now. Are you that kind of visionary?
The flame on the oil lamp flickered. The room was not bright, it could hardly have been bright enough for Tarc to read his paperwork. And here he was, staying up through the night watches to see if Jaysynn was a leader.
Why are you asking me this when I jumped your fence? Jaysynn asked.
I dont know, said Tarc, still with his new, warm voice. Youve got the shoulders of a leader. Youre a military man, Im guessing. We found a Thyrian military knife in your gearand you were tracing. Thats who were at war with, by the way. Or thats who we think were at war with.
And still youre asking me to be a leader?
You came back, said Tarc with a shrug. If you were trying to infiltrate the city, which is what the Governor is so afraid of, you would have stayed there.
What if Im trying to infiltrate the camp and sabotage the food supply?
Then you wouldnt have needed to see the city for yourself, and you wouldnt have blown your cover just a few days after arriving. Look, I told you Im a rule-breaker. You were Thyrian military. I dont care. Now youre a refugee. You abandoned a life that wasnt working out. If youre some kind of radical, I want you on my side and not against me. Thats all there is to it. Now are you a leader?
Jaysynn thought back to his talk with Kyrie earlier that night. If she saw him now, she might think he was making a deal with the devil. But she would still want him to say yes, that he was a leader; he was made for bigger things than grunt work.
I dont know, he said. I think I could be.
Tarcs warmth passed instantly. Well, dont think about it. Just do it.
What are you looking for, exactly? Jaysynn asked.
Tarc stood. I told you Im trying to start businesses here. He started pacing around the room. I dont have any grain in the fields, but Ive got a little stored, and my boys found a lot of ground barley near an abandoned milltheyll start shipping it in first thing in the morning. Id like to take over operations of the mill and Id like to start a bakery. Those are a couple options. You know anything about baking?
Not really, Jaysynn answered. Well, a little. And theres a girl I want working for me.
Alright, then it will be all women. And youre not going to lay a finger on any of them.
Right, fine. I wasnt planning on it.
Tarc wheeled around and tipped his head toward Jaysynn. I didnt ask about your plans, he said. Dont do it.
Jaysynn told him who the girl was, and Tarc told him what needed to be built and when. But they spared the details.
And what did you say your name was again? Tarc asked abruptly during their discussion.
UmElric, said Jaysynn.
Well, Elric. Come see me in the morning. Ill hook you up with a special projects man who will help you get things rolling. For now, you need to get to bed.
Jaysynn took a breath, relieved that the night was over, yet disappointed that it had to come to an end. He had the energy of a young visionary, but the exhaustion that came with far too little sleep, from being pulled out of bed, from staying up to talk to Kyrie, from running into Falcon Point the night before. It was adding up. Yet plans would run through his head all night: he would have a terrible time falling asleep.
Yes, sir, he said in deference. Have a good night.
Tarc nodded to him, and Jaysynn left the room
Shortly after, Captain Mile returned. He had circled the building as soon as he left and had been waiting in the back room.
Well? he said.
Tarc walked back to his desk and took a seat. He picked up his reading glasses and put them on, slowly and deliberately, then adjusted the bridge so it sat on just the right ridge in his nose.
That was him, said Tarc.
Should we send word to your brother? said the captain.
Why? said Tarc, looking down at his papers. He would just have him killed. But Ill get some good work out of him. A good leader is worth more than a decent bounty.
The guard stepped around the corner of Tarcs desk, close to his side, and softened his voice: What about the others?
The others? Tarc asked, looking up from his work.
Captain Mile swallowed his spit. Should we tell them?
Tarc stood. He was a large man, and physically powerful, with a spirit even bigger and darker than his body.
Dont ever speak of the others, he said, his voice quiet but fierce. Not to me, not to any other man alive. If I want them to know anything, I will think of it without any help from you. He looked over his reading glasses and into the guards eyes. Do I make myself clear?
Yes, sir, said the captain. Its just that there is a substantial reward for
Tarc raised his fist and struck the guard in the side of the head. The man fell at once to the floor and clutched his ear, blood spilling out from between his fingers. His hat rolled across the floor in a half-circle and fell over, bottom up.
Do I make myself clear? Tarc asked.
Very clear.
Good, said Tarc. Ill get you something for your head.
He went into an adjoining room and soon returned with two towels. The captain was still on the floor, and still a little dazed.
Theres one for your wound, said Tarc, throwing him a towel. And heres one for the floor.
He made his way back to his chair, readjusted his glasses, and pored over his notes while his captain held a towel on his ear and wiped the floor of the town hall clean of his own blood.

Chapter 5: Kings are Laid Low
 The next morning soft sunlight spilled in through the windows of town hall, across the planks in the floor and across the array of papers on the desk. The oil lamp was smoldering. And Tarc was slouching in his chair, his eyes closed behind his glasses and his mouth hanging open. His lungs were so big and his breathing so slow and deep that the back of his chair rocked and squeaked with every breath.
When a knock came at the door he sat up with a start. Come in, he said, wiping his chin dry with the back of his hand.
Jaysynn walked in the door. You said I was to report here this morning.
Thats right, said Tarc. The special projects man should be here soon. What time is it anyway? Tarc leaned back to look out the window as Jaysynn answered.
About a quarter till seven, I suppose. Are you alright?
Im fine, said Tarc. He lifted at his glasses to rub at his eyes, and then looked down to notice a spot of drool on his lapel. And yourself?
Made over by sleep deprivation, Jaysynn looked ten years older and wearier. Im ready to get moving, he said.
Good, said Tarc, tiredly. Thats what I like to hear. He brushed at the damp spot on his clothes and then cleared his throat. Listen, Elric. He had switched into friendly mode. As one rule-breaker to another, let me tell you, your life is in danger all the time. And if you wake up, say, tomorrow morning, and everything is not what you wanted it to be, just...take note that youre alive. Be thankful for it.
Jaysynn stood not far inside the doorway with a questioning gaze. Are you trying to tell me something? he said.
Nothing in particular, said Tarc with a slow shaking of the head. Just some general advice.
Jaysynn took a deep breath. Do you know who I am, sir?
Yes, Tarc said. Jaysynn exhaled. His shoulders fell. 
Youre the man whos going to start my bakery, Tarc went on. As for who you were yesterday he tapped his pointer finger on his chest, I dont care.
Jaysynn nodded thoughtfully. I get the feeling theres something youre not telling me.
Dammit. If I had more to say I would have said it. Now shut up and take a seat until the projects man shows up.
Jaysynn moved toward a chair against the wall, but before he was in it another man came in the door. He was young, energetic, with the enthusiasm of a salesman, and carried a binder of papers that appeared to be much more organized than anything within Tarcs reach.
You must be Elric, he said, shaking Jaysynns hand. Im Martynn. Today well be taking a look at the site where the bakery will be built and talking about its size, its layout, and the equipment youll need.
Tarc stood and said, If you need me Ill be in the back room.
You look like you could use it, said Martynn cordially. He turned back to Jaysynn and went on: I understand you have someone you want working with you. Should we consult her about the building details?
Yes, said Jaysynn. She will know more about it than me.
The door shut behind Tarc, and Martynns voice grew quiet and his face, which had so far been a fashionable smile, turned suspicious. He glanced about with his brow drawn tight and tension in his cheeks.
Now that hes out of the room, he said, theres a message I was asked to deliver to youfrom one of the higher-ups. He says, I can take you back where you belong. Meet me tomorrow night under the branches of the cottonwood. Elthor Elthor be praised. Thats what he said. He didnt tell me another word. I even asked if you would know what all that meant, and he just said it was nice weather and walked away. And thats fine with me. I dont want to know about any secrets that might get me in trouble. Tomorrow night under the cottonwood. Thats what he said. He became loud and happy once again. Now lets find your helper so we can start laying out this building, what do you say?
So far this morning Jaysynn had been told that he might wake up somewhere strange tomorrow, and that in two nights he should meet with, apparently, someone who would take him back to Thyrion. His enthusiasm toward the project was dwindling. He wanted now to get caught up in the intrigue, to figure out what was at play behind the scenes, but found he was too exhausted for all that. They didnt seem like personal problems: They seemed political. They seemed Imperial.
He didnt have the strength to care. So he looked at the day ahead as a day of labor, and followed the project man to the work site.
Martynns notes told him right where to find Kyrie, who was excited to hear the news that she and Jaysynn would be running a bakery. They spent much of the rest of the day on a grassy knob, the future building site, making drawings and laying out walls by stretching ropes across the ground.
At the end of the day they went back to the town hall, where Martynn turned over the final drawings to Tarc. He also took a short stack of books from one of the other rooms and handed them to Jaysynn.
We dont have much of a library, Martynn said, but weve gotten our hands on a few pieces of practical literature. This is everything we have on site that talks about large-scale baking. Youll do some unskilled construction work until this thing is built, but youll also have a little time to study. Good luck. Ill be in touch.
Martynn left and Jaysynn and Tarc remained in the building. The light coming through the windows now was indirect, the soft light of late evening.
Have a good night, sir, Jaysynn said as he reached for the door, holding his stack of books in one arm.
Oh, yes, said Tarc. Of course. Umthank you.
Jaysynn turned the knob, but waited for Tarc to say something more, but he was absorbed in his work, blotting names out of his books and adding other names.
A gentle push, the door was opened. Jaysynn walked across the dust and to his bunkhouse. He was beaten by the day and by the last two nights.
But just as Tarc had worked himself to exhaustion the night before, had sacrificed true rest for the camp at his command, and had at last fallen asleep in his office chair, so Jaysynn labored over his bakery. It was a little thing, a paltry responsibility compared to what Kyrie believed was his true purpose. But somehow he found he could care about a little thing more than a big one. So, ready for sleep as he was, he picked up one of the books that Martynn had handed him and read about oven temperatures until the words drifted into space. The moon rose and the last traces of light disappeared from the room, and at last he fell asleep.
He began to dream. A crown was laid on his head, and he was seated on a throne, and a man clad in black pulled the throne from under him and set it ablaze. He ran, still wearing his crown. Then a man with a whip for a tongue made him stick his head in an oven to fetch out a loaf of bread. His robes burned and he had the dress of beggars, but the crown, unblackened by the flames, was still upon his head. Then men seized him and struck him and spit upon him and threw him in a cage. He became a silhouette, curled up like a fetus, but the crown was of dazzling gold.
Hes the one, a voice called out.
Jaysynn sat up in his bed to see the room flooding with armed men, men with swords on their hips and torches in their hands.
Whats this about? Jaysynn asked, sweat beading on his forehead.
Youre being transferred, said one of the men. They grabbed him by the arms and pulled him out of the bunk, dragging his feet across the floor for a few feet before he could react and walk in pace with them. Soon the intruders were out of the room, their light vanished with them, and the other men in the bunkhouse shut their eyes again and returned to the delights of a good sleep after a hard days work.
Once outside the bunkhouse, the men drove Jaysynn to the ground and held his face against the dirt. They then tied his arms behind him and told him he was either going to go on a long march, or he was going to get dragged for ten miles.
Then they stood him up and their feet started movingand his, too. The gate at the entrance to Tarcs camp was open, and when these men were through it the guards stationed in the towers pulled it shut again.
Where are you taking me? Jaysynn demanded.
The answer to his question was a fist to his gut. He fell to his knees. The torchlight blurred together with the darkness and with the outlines of the men. One of them spoke, but Jaysynn couldnt see or feel who it was. That was your one warning. Every time you speak, a rib is going to break.
The men pulled him to his feet again. They held him in the air by his arms and carried him along, dragging his feet along the ground, until he began to walk again on his own. His legs were weak from the blow, but he fought to keep up with the pace they set. 
The warning was well taken, and for the remainder of the hike, not a sound was heard except for the huffing of a dozen soldiers on a fast-tempo march. They extinguished all but one of their torches as well, so very little was seen either.
The moon, which grew smaller each night, cast little light on their path: the tree roots at their feet were hidden in shade and the stones before them were invisible obstacles. The camp was on something of a plateau, but the further they got from it the rougher the terrain becameyet Jaysynns captors slowed their pace for nothing.
One of them stumbled when he ran the front of his foot into a stone. He cried out and then laughed. Our feet will all be bloody tonight, he said.
It was not a joke that this man was sharing with his friends. He had said it for Jaysynns sake, to cut the young man to the heart. It is easy to forget about pain, and this man wanted to remind him of it. It is easy for the mind and body to grow numb and suffer no more. After six miles or so into their trip, Jaysynns feet were miserable. Theyd been crashing into rocks for a couple hours now. And now he remembered their terrible pain. And thinking of the pain in his feet made him realize how badly his legs burned, how much his side stung, and how heavy were his lungs.
He was reminded, too, that his body was still sore from his run into Falcon Point two nights ago, and that his body had not slept well for three days. And that all of his pains were magnified by the fact that his arms were bound. His shoulders ached from it, but also his whole movement was thrown off, making the work that much harder.
The thought of his aching body reminded him how much worse off he would be with a broken rib, so he kept his mouth shut and pushed on.
Soon they reached a road, and it quickly led them into the edges of a city, of Falcon Point. They passed through the board homes, even shoddier than the bunkhouses in the camp. As they walked on, the homes grew bigger and their materials stronger and straighter. At last their march led them past the buildings of brick and mortar and of hewn stone.
They did not rest until they had come into the Old Fort, climbed the stairs, and arrived at a closed door where two more guards were posted.
The prisoner is here, one of the guards called out as he knocked on the door.
The knob turned and the door opened. The man who had done it stayed out of sight behind the door, so what was revealed to Jaysynn and the guards was a big room, a long desk, and a broad man.
This man stood up, held out a hand cordially to his visitors, and greeted them, Jaysynn Kyzer, Emperor of Thyrionwelcome to the arms of your enemy.
Tarc? Jaysynn asked.
Not at all, said the man. Im VacGovernor Vac. Tarc and I are both the spitting image of our father. But you will find were two very different people. For example, he thought a persons past didnt matterthat he could utilize anyone. I, on the other hand, think that people should hang for the crimes they committed yesterday, or ten years ago, or, say, two weeks ago.
I had nothing to do with the destruction of the wells, Jaysynn said. His arms were bound and his body was weary, but against all reason his stance was strong. He was as bold as a non-Select child challenging the heir of Thyrion to a duel.
You were the youngest of Thorynns sons, were you not? Vac walked around the desk and leaned on the front of it.
You wouldnt ask if you didnt know.
Vac nodded. The last in line for the throne. He stared at Jaysynn and Jaysynn stared back. And in this great disaster, every single person that stood in your way died. And you survived. Explain that.
Jaysynn took two steps closer, anger in his eyes, but the guards grabbed him and threw him down. They pressed his head against the floor and put the weight of their bodies through their knees and onto his legs and shoulders.
None of that, Vac said, waving the guards away with a hand. I trust you ran him hard. Theres no need to beat him on top of that. The guards looked up at him. Well, let him up.
They released him, and helped him to his feet at Vacs instruction.
Now you may leave, Vac told his guards.
But, sir
Youve tied good knots. Youve exhausted him. Coonhil will still be here.
Vacs heavy gaze was on the guards until their huddle around Jaysynn broke up and they made their way to the door. Coonhil closed it behind them, and remained standing at the front edge of the room.
Have a seat, Vac told Jaysynn, stretching his hand toward a chair off to the side of the desk.
Jaysynn looked into the mans face trying to read something in those dark eyes, that unshaven jaw, the gray lines in his hair.
You were taken out of bed to go on a ten mile hike, Vac said. Take a seat.
Jaysynn sat.
The governor patted his pockets until he found a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. He lit one and took a draw with his eyes closed. Relaxation visibly spread through his face and his body.
Id offer you one, he said, but you dont smoke, and its a lousy time to get hooked. Another puff. You never got along with Shar. Your favorite book is Fields of Sand. You were never any good at math. Vac walked over toward his desk and he went on, You touch the tip of your nose whenever youre about to sneeze. When you walk, you always start with your right foot. If given the opportunity to run, you will escape, because youre an accomplished tracer.
What are theseassassins notes? Jaysynn asked.
Vac opened his top desk drawer and produced a combat knife in a fine leather sheath. When you arrived in my brothers camp he held up the knife, this and a change of clothes is all you had in your pack. Its a Thyrian military knife, isnt it?
Thats right, said Jaysynn.
But you were never in the Thyrian military, were you?
Jaysynn took a deep breath. He could see where these questions were leading, but had no way to change their course. No, he said.
Then where did you get this knife?
I had access to as many of those as I wanted, Jaysynn said. And I needed a knife.
Vac put the knife back in the drawer. He tapped his cigarette on the lip of the ash tray and walked back over to where Jaysynn sat. Dont lie to me about the things I already know, Vac said.
It was a gift, Jaysynn said.
From Xander Dracon.
Who was a close friend of the family, Jaysynn added.
And who personally trained you in the Thyrian art of tracing. Vac was calm as he spoke. There was no anger, no cruelty in his voice, not even a note of pride at having pinned Jaysynn with the truth. He went on, And that same Xander Dracon is now the head of state in Thyrion. He kept you alive with the promise of making you emperor. That was his plan, and yours, too: to kill the whole world and rise to the top of the rubble. But when it succeeded, he pushed you out. You ran for your life. What I want to know is, why did he do it?
It sounds like your spies dont have all their facts straight, Jaysynn said. He could feel Vac setting traps for him, and knew he would get caught again if he werent careful. He couldnt be sure of what to say or do, but his instincts were clear on one thing: he should lie. Dracon was never a part of any planat least not that he shared with me.
Then who? Your father?
No, said Jaysynn.
Then do you deny the possibility that established leaders in Thyrion had anything to do with the Cataclysm?
Jaysynn thought for a second, careful to find the answer that would tell the governor nothing. I think I would know something about it if that were the case, he said.
Vac nodded to himself in thought. I dont know what I expected from a house of liars, he said. Jaysynn gave no reply. The only reason Falcon Point has fared as well as it has is because we never trusted your family or your empire. And now here I am trying to get truth out of you.
He wanted to give a speech, but he wanted to do it slowly. He straightened his back a little and peered about the room, at the pictures hanging on the wall, the past leaders of Falcon Point.
Do you know why so many of my guards have swords? he asked.
Jaysynn said nothing, but stared up at him from his seat. 
With a glance, Vac could see the anger in the young mans eyes, and he knew that Jaysynn was waiting for another trap, another lie, another carefully calculated piece of manipulation.
But Governor Vac went on, each man trying to outmaneuver the others mind: 
Its because we saw the theories coming out of Jalseion. Instability in magic. Mutability of the substance. We saw the new experiments. The explosion of isolated magic samples. This wasnt possible ten years ago. Now it was happening by mistake as the great scientists of the day pioneered new ways of manipulating the lifeblood of the world.
So my men and I got together and said, What if people develop a way of building a bomb out of magic? And we spread a little propaganda around the city, encouraging responsible citizens to dig bomb shelters and stock them with food. Those that did are still eating today. And we said, What if people develop a way of triggering these explosionsof exploding batteries remotely? They could shut off our lights and shut down our factories and render our guns useless. So we taught our people that the way to cherish the heritage of Falcon Pointthe heritage of the city of Freedomwas to buy swords to hang on their walls as decorations. So weve got good weapons all over the city. And now the best methods of swordsmithing are lost, gone with the wells. That puts us in a pretty good place if this Cataclysm brings in a waror an age of wars.
Im sure youre delighted that you can benefit from this, Jaysynn said.
When the rules change, your highness, we adapt.
So you knew this was going to happen.
Vac grabbed Jaysynn by the shirt and lifted him to his feet. He raised his voice for the first time: If I knew this was going to happen Id have followed your army all the way back to the Heart of Thyrion. Id have killed your whole family to stop it. Id have put your fathers head on a platter. He pushed Jaysynn back down into the chair. Did you know this was going to happen? Thats what I want to know.
Jaysynn did not answer. He turned his face away and pulled his eyes tightly closed. His lips quivered.
Vacs palm struck him on the cheek and the sound of the slap echoed on the castle walls. You damn crybaby, he said. Answer the question.
Jaysynn gave no reply, and Vac struck him again, and more silence followed.
Coonhil took a few steps toward the center of the room and gave a polite reminder to the governor: His family is dead, sir.
Vac backed away from the chair and brushed his upper legs off with his hands, as if hed gotten them dirty. Like his brother, he had a tone for business and a tone for sincerity. Right. Of course, he said, beginning to grow calm. Its easy to hate family. Everybody does. You did. But its hard to stop loving them. It hurts to go through what youve been through. Im sorry, kid. Look, I dont like you, but Im trying hard not to be a jackass. I want to see justice, but your Well is just as ruined as ours is. And I guess I want revenge, but every looter and vandal on every street in every city in the whole world is already dishing that out. The world is being wiped clean right now. And who knowsif people like you and me can keep our headsI mean if we can keep from getting killedthen maybe well live long enough to see, you know, a good life. So just tell me this much: is Thyrion planning to attack us?
I wouldnt know anything about that, Jaysynn said.
Vac turned ferocious again in an instant. He struck Jaysynn once more and shouted, Dammit. Dont you realize Ive got spies that can tell me something as obvious as that? Alright, get the guards back in here.
When Coonhil opened the door the guards quickly filled the room and stood around Jaysynns chair and seized him. They lifted him to his feet, but Vac held up a hand to stop them. He looked Jaysynn in the eye and said, I realize your life has probably been turned upside-down more than anybody elses by this little disaster, so I understand that you dont want to tell anything to the head of Falcon Point. But listenwhat I want is simple: I want to protect my neighbors and my friends. I want to protect the kids on my street. To me, those are the people that need protected, not dead men like your father or tyrants like Dracon. And the more I know about the invadersthe people who attack my city unprovokedthe better Ill be able to do that. So I suggest you take our little Cataclysm as an opportunity to reflect on your loyalties, and to consider whether Im really such an evil manand to consider whether it makes sense to help me save the lives of some of the innocent, everyday people out there. If not, I promise I will take the blood of my people out on you.
He looked to his guards and snapped his fingers. Alright, Im done, he said. Bring his girlfriend in here. Then he turned to Coonhill. But you interrogate her. My blood is bubbling and I dont want to hit a woman.

Chapter 6: The New Economy
 The administrators of Falcon Point did not waste lamps or torches on lighting their jail cells. These had been strung up with lighting in the days of magic, and in fact laws dictated that prisoners cells had to be lit. But now resources were simply too scarce. Laws had also dictated that prisoners be given daily access to showers, laundry facilities, and three meals a day. That was a different time.
In the basement of the Old Fort, it became painfully clear how quickly the centuries had fallen away. This was a medieval dungeon, and those who were unfortunate enough to be held here when the cataclysm struck withered with newfound neglect and malnourishment. In a few more weeks, diseases would become established in this prison that would never leave, but would pass from one inmate to the next, claiming life after life for generation after generation. Soon every sentence would be death, not by hanging, by guillotine, by burning, or by stoning, but by starvation and sickness in a dark hole in the ground.
Not that this new age would be more cruel. It would simply lack the extravagant wealth required to run humane prisons.
The guards threw Jaysynn into the dungeon underneath the Old Fort and left him on his hands and knees while they marched down the hall, carrying the torchlight away with them. 
Before getting to his feet, before reflecting on what he might do next, Jaysynn worked to get his hands out from behind him, slipping them around his legs and under his feet while he lay on his back. They were still bound, and he had little hope to undo the knots any time soon, but at least his hands were in front and not behind.
Once the last traces of the guards torch vanished, Jaysynn could see only blackness. He felt his way around the room, running his fingers and the thick flesh of his palms along the cool rock floor and across the mortar lines until he found the wall. He stood up and kept his hands against it, sliding his feet slowly along the floor looking for a bed. But before his slinking toes found any piece of furniture, his hands found something in the wall.
A deep crack. He could stick his fingers and half of his hand into it. He traced it up and down. It ran through the floor as well, but less prominently, and it was hidden from his feet in a line of mortar. But on the wall it was broad and deep, and seemed to get only bigger as it ran up above his head, and above where his hands could reach.
And gradually, he was able to see it, to focus on this one line that was darker than the other shadows that covered the room. He could see the shapes of the stones in the walls. On looking around the room, he could even see a cot, and the bars of his cell, all nearly saturated in darkness.
With his eyes now, he followed the crack above his reach, and saw that it led to an opening in the wall. Not a hole, but a barred window. The damage may have been hundreds of years old, but more than likely it was caused by a tremor at the time of the Cataclysm. Maybe the guards werent even aware of it, and maybe they had thrown Jaysynn in a bad cell, in one that had a back door.
If so, Jaysynn thought, it was incredible fortune. A miracle, even. Okay, Elthor, he said. Ill try it.
He stuck both his hands in the crack. His palms faced out, putting pressure on the stone, as if he was going to pull the crack apart and make it wider. But in reality that pressure was to hold his weight. He worked his feet along the crack in a similar manner, and in no time he had scaled the wall to the height of the window, where he grabbed one of the bars and looked around.
Outside his window was a graveyard where the first kings of Falcon Point lay beside the modern heads of state whose pictures lined Vacs office. It was bordered with an iron fence on the far side, and on the other side of that fence was a great pit that used to be the Remirian Well.
Jaysynn took the view in at a glance, mostly scouting out ways to stay hidden while running across the graveyardif he could get out. But he turned his immediate attention to the window itself. The crack had again found the mortar between stones, and one of the bars was set into that ancient cement. The crack separated the walls from one of the bars, so it was entirely free at the bottom. At the top, however, it was as secure as it had ever been. It stuck into a hole drilled into one of the stones, and that hole had been sealed with mortar. But, Jaysynn thought, it might be possible to break it free from there. Since it was secure at the bottom, the builders might not have thought they needed to attach it as firmly at the top.
It was worth a shot. So Jaysynn let go of the bar he was holding and quickly grabbed onto the loose barwith both hands, because they were too tightly bound for him to hold two different bars.
He did not get the opportunity to twist the bar free, however. The crack apparently extended above the window as well, and as soon as he grabbed the bar and held his weight by it, the stone above the window broke loose. Jaysynn fell backward from the window, and the stone came chasing after him.
He tried to take the fall smoothly, but without good use of his arms it wasnt easy, and he still took a blow to the back of his ribcage when he hit the stone below.
The rock that fell just missed him, but it made a loud clap when it hit the ground. Jaysynn didnt know if there were any guards near enough to hear ithe couldnt see any torchlightbut he knew he didnt have time to feel pain. He quickly scaled the wall again, sucked in his lungs and squeezed through the gap in the middle of the remaining bars.
In his short glance across the graveyard he had memorized the steps he would take, and he followed them now, through trails of shadows cast by trees and towering monuments, until he was over the fence and in the Well. The edges of the Well behind the graveyard were gently sloped, and he ran in deep enough so that his head was invisible beneath the edge of the burnt-out banks. 
Deeper in this Well was a maze of cliffs and canyons, but Jaysynn stayed near the edge, running just below the rim until he was away from the castle yard and in back of some old mansions which had more and bigger cracks than the Old Fort. There he climbed out and spied on the graveyard, but no one stirred.
 He waited for some time to see what kind of search operation might be coming for him, and as he waited he worked the knots, pulling with his teeth and scratching them against broken bricks along the edge of an alley until at last he was free.
Then he pulled a piece of paper from his pocket, a rough sketch of a bread oven that Kyrie had drawn for the projects man earlier that day, and that had wound up in his pocket after being passed among the three of them a number of times.
He climbed back into the Well and found a charred piece of rock. He scraped it along the surface of the paper until all the smoke was rubbed off the point, then found another rock to finish the job. It was slow work, but his message was short: I am still here.
He folded those words inside the drawing and then ran back through the Well to the graveyard fence, and through the graveyard to find Kyries cell. He didnt know how he was going to find her, but caught sight of torchlight spilling out of one of the dungeon windows. He ran up to it, and when he heard the footsteps of the guards and saw the light growing dimmer, he looked inside to see Kyrie tied at the wrists and lying on the floor. And he heard her sobbing.
He wanted to call out to her, to talk to her as he had snuck an illegal conversation with her in the camp. But now the risks were too great. He threw the note in the cell, just in front of her. Her hands were tied behind her back, and the light slipped quickly out of the room, so she wouldnt be able to read it until dawn, but the message was delivered, just the same.
In the dim light of a distant torch, Jaysynn saw her head turn toward him, but he backed away from the window before they saw each others faces, leaving her in the ever-growing darkness of her cell.
He knew he had to go. He could feel the night growing heavier. He could feel his heart rate accelerating and his temperature rising. As he backpedaled away from the window, a group of soldiers came around the corner and one of them yelled out, There he is!
Jaysynn took off running, and the men were after him, running hard. He was quick with his movements, but many of them were running a faster sprint through the moonlit graveyard, and none of them had hiked ten miles that night, so they were fresh.
When he reached the fence, they were almost on him. He hurdled it in stride and so gained a little ground on them. From there he ran hard down into the Well. His footing was not always sure, but in desperation he ran down the steep slopes faster than they were willing to, and was soon deep inside.
This was not a circular crater like the Jalseian Well. It was not a majestic canyon like the one in Thyrion. It was once the mountain lake of magic, with fingers creeping out in all directions, and much of it cutting into the side of the mountain. Now that it was destroyed, it was full of rubble from small avalanches, but it was also full of caves, caverns, and below-the-surface channels. One deep pit was once an ancient spring from whence the substance of magic rose from the middle of the world to come to Falcon Point. Islands had once stood in the middle of the Well, and now they were great mesas in the middle of a wasteland.
And this, though not the urban environment that Jaysynn was most familiar with, was the perfect landscape for his skills. They had almost laid hands on him at the edge of the graveyard, but in here, Jaysynn was quickly up a hill and down another, scaling rock walls and dropping from them, and leaping across canyons too far for his would-be captors.
It was not a fast place to travel, but Jaysynn moved through it as quickly as anyone could. When he was on the other side, the darkest hour of the night was past. The sun was still a ways from rising, but the sky was growing lighter east of the mountains. He climbed out of the rim of the Well and left the soldiers behind him, scrambling around in the blackened badlands.
From there, Jaysynn continued to run through the city until he was on the verge of collapse. He knew he had to get far from the Well or those same soldiers would eventually find him. At last, barely able to stand, he crawled down into a roadside stone ditchused to transport waste water out of the city. He climbed into a place where the ditch disappeared under a crossroad. At that time the sun was fully risen, but in his covered ditch, just big enough for a squatting body, with gray water running over his ankles and along the seat of his pants, he fell asleep.
It was a hard-earned sleep, but unlike his rest in the refugee camp, this one did not wash away the worries of life. It was a fearful sleep. Even though he was desperate for it, it was a watchful sleep: he could not submit himself to rest.
Yet it was a long sleep. When he awoke, it was late afternoon. He had escaped a dungeon to find rest in a cramped stone ditch, drenched with the refuse of the rebel city. But he knew where he was, and he knew why he was there.
It wasnt for freedom that he escaped: he had never been free, except as the Watchman, so it was a virtue that hadnt crossed his mind that night. It wasnt for comfort or survival. He was as likely to survive by working with Vac as he was by making a life for himself in this hostile new world, and as for comforthe was sitting in the filth of an enemy people. And he didnt escape in order to protect the secrets of Thyrion (what little he knew of them). He wanted justice of the same kind that Vac wanted.
His reason for escaping was something different: he escaped because there was a crack in the wall. It shouldnt have been there. The guards should have studied the cell more carefully before putting such a high profile prisoner in it. And if there was a crack in the wall, maybe his escape was a work of fate. And if it was a work of fate, maybe the crack itself was a miracle. And if a miracle of fate were possible, then maybe Jaysynn had waiting for him, somewhere on the outside of that prison cell, a destiny.
He crawled out from under the road and out of the ditch. Water held his pants against his legs, and his shirt was damp as well with sweat. The heavy sun cast a warm glow on the stones in the ditch, and on the city trees planted along the brick sidewalks. The buildings in this housing edition were mostly one story, quaint but finely crafted. It wasnt a city of skyscrapers, so now, after the Cataclysm, it wasnt nearly as full of rubble as Thyrion.
What it did have, however, what all cities shared in common in this newly-ordered world, were broken windows. Boarded windows to keep thieves away. Grass that needed to be mowed. And in the middle of the rampant grass: plots of recently overturned earthmakeshift graves, decorated with landscaping stones or wooden planks or, in some cases, a teddy bear or a toy truck.
Falcon Point was fortunate in that it benefited from an old aqueduct system that brought water into the city without the use of any magic-powered pumps. The people had water. In the two weeks since the Cataclysm, wide-scale starvation had not yet set in, and disease had not yet gained too strong a foothold. These peoples biggest threat was from each other. And they knew it. Some of the buildings had been torn to pieces for salvage, and some of that salvage material was used to build walls around backyard gardens and palisades around their front yards. A number of front doors had crude drawings of swords carved or burned into them, a sign that the house was protected by the most advanced weapon in the world.
Jaysynn wandered around the town through what remained of the day, seeing the sites. When he was out of the suburbs and into the industrial quarter, he took to the rooftops. He wasnt in his Watchmans garbhe was wearing cotton work clothes from top to bottomand he wasnt doing the Watchmans workhe had no backpack and no bread or medicine. Instead he was acting as a spy, watching the city and its peoplethe people Vac said he wanted to save from Thyrion.
When the first traces of darkness came, more people took to the streets, like rats coming out of hiding. They scurried about, some of them perhaps going to check on friends or relatives, and some of them going to steal from strangers.
He watched them for a time. He moved about to see the different types of people coming from different types of homes. As he traced the city, he spotted another spy, a man crouched behind a garbage can listening in on a conversation. Jaysynn scurried along the flat roof of a three-story apartment building so he could hear what this darkly dressed man was learning. Soon he spotted an old but healthy man talking to a boy, twelve or thirteen years old.
Your father shouldnt send you off in the night like this, said the old man.
He said he had to stay home and keep watch over the placeand keep my sister safe.
You ought to just move in with me, said the man. Then wed all be safer. But listen now. You hurry on home. Keep that loaf of bread safe. And when you come back for more in a couple days, bring your dad and sister with you, you hear.
Ill tell them, said the boy.
Good. I love you.
I love you too, Grandpa.
The boy looked over his shoulders and then hurried off, half-running down the narrow street. When he passed the trash can, the other man stood up and chased after him. The boy saw him and tried to run harder, but it was no use. The thief was an athletic young man, maybe 18 or 20 years old, and soon he grabbed the boy by the shoulder and dragged him down into the pavement. As Jaysynn dashed across the rooftops and down to the street, the man pulled at the boys shirt to get at the bread that hed hidden underneath it.
With the bread in hand, the young man took to his feet and started runningbut hed picked a bad direction. He took a few quick steps in the direction Jaysynn was coming from, but when he saw another young man bolting after him, he turned around and started running the other way.
He was fast, but, having abandoned his escape route, his sense of direction was lost. He ran without knowing where to go, glancing down alleys as he passed.
As Jaysynn drew nearer, one stride at a time, he started looking for a move to tackle the thief without seriously injuring himwithout sending the full speed of his spring downward into the roadbed.
But before it came to blows, the thief held up his hands (a loaf of bread in one of them) and slowed his pace. Ok. Take it, he said. Its yours
I dont want it for myself, Jaysynn said. You stole that bread.
I know, the young man said. He dropped down to his knees and was nearly in tears. Im sorry. I didnt want to. Im a good kid. I always been good. But I got to eat and my family got to eat.
Jaysynn glared down at the youth, That little boys family has to eat, too.
The young man looked up at Jaysynn. His eyes were watering and his lips quivered. He tried to speak, but couldnt find words. In his heart, Jaysynn wished he had the resources of a prince or an emperor. He wished he had bread of his own to give, but he had nothing. He hadnt eaten anything himself all day, and he felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself.
 Im going to take the bread back to the boy, said Jaysynn. But, listen, theres got to be some way of getting through this. Not just for you, but for everyone.
The thief handed over the bread. Not everyones gonna make it, he said.
Look, I had a friend, Jaysynn said. Someone who was getting into a lot of trouble, doing some illegal things, to try to feed her family. So I found her a job at a bakery.
Theres no jobs no more, mister.
I know, said Jaysynn. But theres got to be more for a young man to do than just steal. Forget about getting a job for right now and think about how you can make work for yourself. Times have changed, right? So you adapt.
Works good for nothing, said the young man. Money aint no good. Some people are buying it up like crazy. Thats what my old man was doing, and thats why we got no food.
Then forget about money, Jaysynn said. Try to think of a way that you can make something people need for trade, for barter. Maybe theres some way you can make food.
Out of what? said the young man, this? He scraped a handful of pulverized rock dust from the road bed and sprinkled it back onto the road, then looked up at Jaysynn with dark eyes. He went on, You told me to adapt. Well I already adapted. I steal bread from little kids now. Thats the only honest work there is these days.
 Youve got to find a way to do better, Jaysynn said. With those stern words, he walked away, hoping he would be able to find the boy again. If not, he would return the bread to the old man. But as he walked, he felt a tug on his heart for the young thief. So, without another word, he turned back around and tore the bread in half, giving the smaller portion to the thief.
The thief also said nothing in return, but bowed humbly, grateful to receive a part of the stolen meal.
Jaysynn realized that this was no solution, and that there was no solution to such a problem in such a world as this. His heart swelled with sorrow, but when there is someone to blame, sorrow ferments into anger. Jaysynn could feel the bubbles rising as his blood turned to venom. He did not know why the world was in ruin, or what conspiracy had driven that young man to steal a loaf of bread. But he knew the name of one guilty man, and with every clenching of his heart, his body filled with heroic hatred of that name.
He made his way down the street and knocked on a door. He was greeted suspiciously by the old man and the little boy.
I was able to recover some of the bread, he said. The thief made off with the rest.
That scoundrel! said the old man. What kind of monster would steal from a child?
Jaysynn shook his head. Dont blame him, he said. The man responsible for this is Xander Dracon.
The Thyrian?
Thats right, Jaysynn nodded. But try to stay strong. If I can do anything to set things right, I will.
Well, then bless you, sir, said the old man, shaking his head. And who are you, anyway?
General Dracon is one of my unruly subjects.
The old man leaned out the door and asked, Hows that?
But Jaysynn walked on and soon bounded up the side of the building, where he disappeared into the night sky.
~~~
 Jaysynn slept on a flat rooftop, a place where no one in the city could see him, and no one could reach him without a bucket lift or a sixty-foot ladder. He spent the bulk of the next day sitting on that roof, just him and the sky and the sun, fasting for lack of food, and meditating on the next moves, the next subtle turnings of Lomara.
Last night he had called Dracon one of his unruly subjects. It felt impossible. It felt like the words of a child who said he could throw a stone a hundred miles. But it also felt good. Though it was a flight of fantasy, Jaysynn also felt it was somehow true. It was true that the world had been crippled, and that Dracon was a guilty man, and that Jaysynn had inherited the throne of a nation that still lived.
But the old customs of the Kyzer Dynasty were dead. The structures that ran the empire had crumbled. The old rules were out, and if Jaysynn had a role to play, he knew that it would be in a different world. 
All this talk of Thyr, toothe firstborn of Elthorthat was a broken myth. All the talk about Elthor, too. The dream of Elthor was broken with the breaking of the wells. So Jaysynn told his thoughts to the sun, his only companion. Not that he believed the sun was a new god. If there had been a dog on the roof, he might have talked to the dog. If a child, then he would have talked to the child.
But all he had was the heat that poured down on the asphalt, the vital source of every wood and meadow, the limitless empire of light.
Whatever I do, he said in his heart, I wont leave Kyrie in the dungeon. I dont know what tomorrow holds, what I will do then, or who I will be. But tonight I will free her.
The sun, perhaps out of respect for Jaysynns will and compassion, did not waver, but went on with its everlasting burning.

Chapter 7: Old Enemies
 Coonhil gulped.
Vac slapped his hand on the side of the desk and demanded, What do you mean, few casualties? Is my brother all right?
He is alive, said Coonhil, scratching at his chest.
Alive? What does that mean?
He may have been the target of the attack, but his wounds are superficial. Deliberately so, it would seem.
Vac took a breath. He walked to the back of his office, to the arched stone window, and looked out into the night. There were a lot of stars in the skymore than hed ever seen from that office window beforebut, in spite of feeling the tinge of inspiration, he was in no mood to give a soliloquy about how beautiful they were.
If they were Thyrian special agents, why would they target him?
Coonhil walked toward the governor, and slumped a little at the shoulders so as not to be too much taller than him. It could be a war of attrition.
No, said Vac with a shake of the head. The Thyrians have always been too proud to starve out their enemies. Even if Dracon is playing by different rules, it wouldnt make sense. If he wanted to conquer us, he would need to get some operational farms out of the deal.
Maybe hes trying to get to you, Coonhil added.
What? Emotionally? Good luck.
Just the same, it may be wise of you to increase patrols. Frankly I was stunned at how few guards there are in the building right now.
Vac shook his head slightly. His eyes were stones. Thats the real heart of the matter, he said. Then he paused. It was unlike him to be cryptic, but he wanted to be sure to have the puzzle solved before he spoke.
He walked back to his desk and drew Jaysynns knife and sheath from the top drawer.
This is the reason Ive had so few guards these past two nights, Vac said. My patrols are combing the city looking for the young emperor before he skips town. His girlfriend is better guarded right now than I am, just in case he tries to come back for her. His voice was quiet, but it filled the room like a mantra. And Dracons men were looking for the same thing when they broke into my brothers camp. Dracon wants him dead. I want him alive and talking.
If thats true, said Coonhil, then they most likely learned that Jaysynn was taken here. They struck your brother last night, and they may strike here tonightand they may not show you the same mercy. Let me round up some more guards.
Vac laid the knife on the desk and touched his hand to his chin and thought for a moment. You know, he said, its been a few days since Ive had a shave.
In Vacs presence, Coonhil made every effort at discipline and emotional restraint. But with Vacs indifference in the face of grave danger, he at first rolled his eyes, then lifted his arms and flailed them about. These men will slit your throat, he said. And youre worried about a shave? They could come in here at any minute
But they were interrupted, not by a soundfor there was no soundbut by the blotting out of the stars as a figure dark as the sky filled the stone arch of the window.
Guards, Coonhil shouted. He backed toward a bookshelf on one of the walls and gripped a heavy book without yet pulling it off the shelf. His arms were narrow, but the veins were large. His teeth were gritted behind his cheeks.
Vac, however, was calm. He had faced the mob like a stone statue. Now his shoulders were gentle as a pillow. In fact, he thought it possible that his life was about to end. But he was also filled with delight. Jaysynn had returned.
Jaysynn stepped down into the room, but when two guards charged through the door he leapt back onto the ledge.
Touch me and Ill jump, he said, and Ill splatter the secret knowledge of the Emperor of Thyrion across the asphalt.
These guards were armed with the swords that the governor had bragged about, and they held the tips toward Jaysynn, but stood twenty feet away, inching their feet toward him to measure the sincerity of his threat.
Vac held up his hand. He spoke to his guards, but his eyes never left Jaysynns: Stop where you are and lower your weapons. Then, to Jaysynn, What brings you here?
For starters, I want Kyrie freed.
Vac smiled. Shes only here to get you to talk. Tell me what I want to know and she can walk out of here tonight.
Dont start making deals just yet, Jaysynn said. Not till Im done.
Of course, said Vac with a courteous after you movement of the hand.
 Jaysynn looked at each of the guards, at Coonhil, and back to Vac. Do you want to save the people of your city?
At any cost, said Vac.
From the leaders of my city? Jaysynn added.
If thats where this leads.
Well, said Jaysynn. I want to save my city from their own leaders. So we have a similar cause and a common enemy. Are you listening?
Im listening.
Dismiss the guards.
Vac moved calmly and deliberately as he picked up Jaysynns combat knife. With his thick fingers, he popped the button of the sheath and drew the blade, leaving the sheath on the desk. He then walked over to one of his guards. Your sword, he said.
The guard handed over his weapon and Vac carried it to the edge of the room and handed it to Coonhil.
This will do more damage than a book any day, the governor said. Coonhil took the sword from him and nodded.
Vac told the guards they could go, and they left the room.
Governor, said Jaysynn, Im asking for your trust. I came here unarmed and youre keeping a sword and a knife against me.
Vac glanced over his shoulder at Coonhil. So I am, he said. You said we had a common enemy. You didnt say we were friends. Im hoping youll go on with your proposition just the same.
Very well, said Jaysynn. He stepped down again from the window and sat on the stone ledge. But I think youll be disappointed in me. I dont know much. About what caused the Cataclysm. About what Dracon is planning. About what Im going to do about it. But I know that I want to go back to Thyrion and try to set things right.
Respectfully, Mr. Kyzer, I dont see how youre going to do that. My impression is that youve got more enemies in that city than friends.
Respectfully, sir, there are many loyal Thyrians who will follow me. I am the rightful leader of that city.
You were, said Vac. That was in another time. Seeyoure not a leader unless there are people who are willing to do what you say. And you cant overthrow a leader unless youve got some very fervent friends in high places. I may be wrong about youIve only really met you on paperbut I dont think you have that command over people. I dont think anyone will give their lives for you. I dont think anyone will commit treason for you.
The streets are full of people who will follow me, said Jaysynn. As far as I know, Dracon thinks Im deador he suspects it. But if word reached you that Im still alive, it will reach him soon enough.
 Vac approached Jaysynn and pulled his desk chair around so he could face him, but he didnt sithe rested his hands on the back and leaned on them, looming toward Jaysynn.
Im afraid they already know, he said. Thyrian operatives broke into Tarcs refugee camp last night. They killed a few guards and carved up my brother. Chances are good they were looking for you.
So I want those guards that just walked out and everyone else in this city to believe that Im deadthat you killed me.
Thats certainly a believable story, Coonhil added from across the room. Vac shot him a cold glance, but Jaysynn went on.
Word will reach Dracon, and when it does, Ill be able to move around much more freely when I get to Thyrion.
Vac nodded. Is there a war coming?
Dracon wants a war. Whether or not he can mobilize, I dont know. I want to do whatever I can to stop him.
I dont think youre worth more than a bag of dirt, Mr. Kyzer, said Vac. Im sure Ive made it clear that the only thing I think youre good for is a decoration on capital streetsomething I can hang from a lamppost. What youre proposing to mewhether you realize it or notis that I help you defeat Dracon and put you on the throne, restoring the Kyzer Dynasty. And though Im sure you will promise to be a friend, and though you may be an absolute man of your word, still your descendants will draw inspiration from the heritage of Thyrion. And from the dust I will rebuild my ancient enemy.
Or you can do nothing, Jaysynn said, and let Dracon build a new empire founded on your ultimate destruction. Or, better yet, lets forget about the ancient past and the distant future. Right now, in our own time: would you rather have war than peace? Would you rather have your people live and rebuild, or die by their swords?
Did you not listen to me earlier? Vac said angrily. Ive played the game very carefully, and Ive put this city in a position to come out on top if this Cataclysm leads to an age of wars. If Dracon wants to fight me, he will drive his empireyour empireinto oblivion. Even if he kills some of the people that Im trying to save, Ill be rid of Thyrion forever, and Ill be rid of the Kyzers.
So thats it, isnt it? said Jaysynn. He nodded slightly, but kept his eyes trained on the governor. Its about hatred. Its not about whose lives you can save. Its not about protecting your city or your people. Its not about building a better future. Its about your hatred of my city, and my father, and my brother.
I hate three hundred years of Thyrian history, since first the Kyzers reigned by force of might.
Well, said Jaysynn, what I know of youwhat Ive seen in the newsmade you look like such a statue of a man. Now I see youre just as whipped around by emotion as any of us.
Vac had been glaring coldly at Jaysynn, and his hand gripped the handle of the knife as rigidly as he had held the rail on the balcony when he faced the mob. He had turned himself to stone, and now that Jaysynn called him a statue, he continued to stand like one and continued to lean forward like a boulder about to break loose and crush whoever stood below.
And he recalled coming in from the balcony trying to get down to business but then asking for a glass of watertrying to conquer his fear and his nerves but realizing at last that he was a man. And, in his own way, he was a slightly ridiculous man. He almost smiled, then relaxed his shoulders.
No, I dont have that deep well of emotion that you think I do, he said. Take you, for example. Youre coming here to save a girl. Youre listening to your heart and risking your life for it. Me, I dont have that. Im divorced. And whether my ex-wife and my kid are still alive after everything thats happened, I havent bothered to check. I talk like I care about the people out there, but really all I care about is doing my job.
And your job is to keep them safe?
It is, said Vac.
Then forget about how much you hate all the dead Kyzers and help me fight against Dracon.
If I believed you could stop a war, I might be tempted, said Vac.
Id be lying if I said I could stop a war, but Ive got more power to stop it than you do.
Or I could win the war without your help, Vac said. So why dont you stop pulling on my heart strings and just make an old-fashioned deal?
Fine, said Jaysynn. I want Kyrie free, and I want Dracon to think Im dead.
Vac nodded. I want information. Tell me what Dracon is up to, and Ill consider it.
Consider it?
When last we talked, said Vac, you were not exactly forthcoming. Youll get no promises from me. But Im giving you a chance and thats something.
Jaysynn looked at Coonhil, who nodded to him, indicating he should take the offer. Whether he should trust Coonhils advice that he trust Vac, he didnt know. Nonetheless, he pulled a chair up to Vacs desk and the two men sat. 
Dracon is trying to rally Thyrians around their hatred of Remirion, Jaysynn said. He was publicly blaming Remirion for the Cataclysm, but he knew they werent responsible. 
Jaysynn didnt tell him what little he knew about Project: Godfire, but said simply that he suspected that Dracon may have had some connection to the Cataclysm. He also made some vague comments about the size, strength, and mobility of the military, but skirted around anything too specific so as not to encourage a counter-invasion. 
Vac was full of questions, but Jaysynn answered everything with some version of, Ive already told you everything I know.
At last Jaysynn ended the questioning. He stood and said, This deal was supposed to go two ways. Now if word is going to spread that Ive been killed, we need people who believe it with all their heart. So were going to need to come up with a plan.
Vac walked toward Coonhil and motioned for Jaysynn to come. The three of them gathered around the bookshelf and spoke in low voices.
We wont waste a minute planning, the governor said. Ill tell you exactly what well do. Coonhil, you head down the hall like youre going to get a drink of water. Act sneaky about it. But then go into the little armory and get a poison dartmake sure its just a tranq. Then give it to the guards outside the door and tell them to follow you in the office, to take down Jaysynn with the dart, then to carry him down to the prison. Vac pointed to Jaysynn. Later tonight Ill have those same guards carry you down to the graveyard and drop you in a cheap casket. Ill order them to keep it a secret, but they wont do it. They are just here because this is one of the few things they can do that will earn them a meal for the day for their families. They arent paid to keep secrets like that. Its too big a duty to ask of them. So when I do ask, they will break their word. Then Coonhil will drop the bug in the ears of a few of his men. It will spread as a rumor and these guards and a couple others that see you in prison will come out of the woodwork to confirm it. Clear?
Clear, said Coonhil. But should I have a story to tell the guards about why they are taking Jaysynn out in the middle of a peaceful conversation?
Right, said Vac. Heres the story: Jaysynn is trying to cut a deal with me. Hes trying to get Thyrion and Remirion to join peacefully, so Remirion will once again be a part of his familys empire. And he is offering me to be governor of the colony. Otherwise there will be a war, and hell make certain I die like a dog.
Sounds good, said Coonhil.
Jaysynn shuffled the plan around in his head. He asked the governor, And do I have your word that Kyrie and I will both go free at the end of all of this? 
You have my word, said Vac.
Alright, Jaysynn said. Im in.
But there is one last thing I want to know, Vac said. He closed his eyes and blew a deep breath out of his nostrils. Im prudent enough that I ought to keep this to myself, he went on. But every time your mother was pregnant...I wished she would die. I wished someone would push her down the grand staircase at the Palace. Two Kyzers in one blow. Thats what I wanted. I wanted your father to be crippled by the grief of it. So heres what I want to know: how can you trust me not to bury you alive, or not to hold you and the girl in the dungeon and torture you till your life is over?
Jaysynn stared at Governor Vac. There was a great weight on the emperors face. He was filled with fear, but also with courage and all the pain that comes with it.  I dont trust you, he said. Id like you to think that its more practical to let me go than to torture me. Id like you to think its better to send me away with your blessing rather than to crush me out of hatred.
Vac waited for him to go on. After a moment he did.
Its a leap of faith, he said. I just have this feeling that Ill find another crack in the world. 
Vac swallowed Jaysynns reply. Alright. Then Im in, too.
He looked Coonhil in the eye and pointed toward the door.

Chapter 8: The New Magic
 Jaysynn scanned the books on the shelf to see if he could find anything of interest, and to see what thoughts had filled the head of the Governor of Falcon Point. Vacs library included a number of stark volumes of political philosophy such as The Head and the Hands, The Art of Governance, and The Chessboard Nation; books of history such as The Ancient and Medieval History of Falcon Point, Material and Magical Wealth of the Worlds Great Cities, and The Spirit of the Falconers: A Detailed Sketch of How These People Respond to Tyranny; as well as a number of classic romances from the citys distant past: The Death of Alvo, The Lais of Lemli, and Cleovalc.
Although never a great producer of art, music, or technology, Falcon Point had a rich history of adventure stories and warrior poetry. They were a people who celebrated their own bravery, their own individualism, and their own fighting spirit. From ancient times unto the present, they told mythic tales of the bravest of Falconers slaying dragons that came up the mountain, while they themselves crushed the armies of empires, of would-be conquerors climbing up those slopes, greedy for coal and ore.
Coonhil had been long in coming back, and Jaysynn was beginning to grow suspicious of Vac and of the plan. He was about to say something, but spotted another book called Eugenics and the Magical Society. He pulled it off the shelf and turned it over in his hands.
Vac was at his desk, but could tell by the pale green cover what book Jaysynn had in his hands. So Thorynns non-select son wants to know about breeding magic men? he said. Curious.
Not as curious as the fact that you own the book, Jaysynn said, lifting it modestly in the air, trying to make his point.
Its more curious than you realize, said Vac mysteriously. Take a look at the title page.
Jaysynn opened the book and saw its full title: Eugenics and the Magical Society: Let Man Select the Selects. The name of its author was Xander Dracon.
This isnt the same person Jaysynn said.
No, said Vac, standing. Its his grandfather. A very different man from the Xander Dracon you know. Unlike the younger Dracon, this one was a Select, but he did have the personality of a crowbar. He was a scholara good one, and a dangerous one.
Vac walked toward Jaysynn. He left the sheath on the desk, but carried the Thyrion military knife with him.
So whats the book about? Jaysynn asked, thumbing through its pages. And why do you have it?
Its about the social and military benefits of genetically engineering a society in which the vast majority of people are Select. The genetic theory behind it has been thoroughly debunked since it was writtenso what the elder Dracon was proposing was not actually possible. But I own it because the same blood that put those words on the page fifty years ago is now pumping through the veins of one of my biggest enemies. See, I have to read fifty-year old books to figure out what my enemy is up to, because even when Ive got his protg in my room, pretending to be my ally, I cant learn a thing.
Jaysynn looked up and found Vacs eyes staring hard at him.
Vac went on: Ive also got a drawer in my filing cabinet that has copies of every document your grandfather Kyzer ever drafted, and every letter your mothers parents ever wrote to each other, because Dracon isnt my only enemy.
Jaysynns eyes sharpened. He had answered Vacs stare with strength. Now he answered with anger. Not a minute ago Vac had agreed to help him; now that same man labeled him an enemy and boasted deep knowledge of Jaysynns bloodline, of his power over him. Vac was calling him out for his imperfect honesty.
And soon, according to the plan that Vac had so quickly devised, a guard would burst into the room and pierce his side with a tranquilizer, cutting off all sight and sense and thought.
The governor disregarded Jaysynns cold stare and looked thoughtfully toward the door. Coonhil is running late, he said. Im going to check on him. He lumbered across the heavy boards of the floor and toward the exit.
But before he reached it, the heavy door flew open and two men, clad in black with faces covered, came through the door and another two through the window. Vac staggered back toward the bookshelf, and Jaysynn stepped in front of him.
I am your emperor, said Jaysynn. This man is not your enemy. I order you to stand down.
The two who had come through the door looked at one another.  Their mouths were covered in black cloth masks, and it was impossible to tell which one answered: We see no emperor. The four of them drew their knives. Their feet inched closer to Jaysynn and the governor, and their steps were silent.
When Vac had faced the mob, he faced nothing but a threat issued by a mass of uncertain people. Their numbers were great, but so was their doubt, their weakness. When Jaysynn appeared in his window earlier that night, he thought it possible that he would die. But he was fueled by a carefully measured hope that good might come of Jaysynns return. Vac was a man who knew little of fear, because his heartless logic so often ruled it out. And he was a rare man because he could trust common sense even in the face of danger and even in the face of the unknown.
Now, however, he knew that he would die. They would not have broken into the palace just to kill Jaysynnif they knew he was there, they would have waited for him to leave and killed him in the streets. Logic dictated that if they were in his office, they were there for him. They would kill Jaysynn, yes. That was a given. But they would make it look like Vac had been their target. The Governor of Falcon Point would be found dead, and the word would spread. And no one would spread the news about the other corpse found in his office, whose face would be butchered beyond recognition. In an instant he discerned that this would be their plan. For its simplicity, he admired it. And fear grabbed him by the heart.
Well, Jaysynn Kyzer, he said, forgetting his hatred, and went on, I hope you can save us, forgetting his logic.
Jaysynn took a defensive stance. He was unarmed, but held Eugenics and the Magical Society in his strong hand. He took a step toward the nearest of the intrudersone of the two who had come through the doorand tossed the book toward his eyes. It was a lousy tactic, almost childish. The intruder, an expert fighter, simply lifted his hand to push the book out of his line of sight before it had time to cause any trouble.
But somehow it wasnt quick enough. Somehow all his skill was too slow: when his fingers touched the side of the book, Jaysynns foot was already at the back of it. He had jumped up and kicked the book into the mans head, knocking him over backward. The other one who had come from the door swung his knife at him, but Jaysynn was quick to leap backward, out of its way. When the man tried again, Jaysynn grabbed the arm that held the knife and used the attackers momentum to fling him across the room, so the three men were all on one side of Jaysynn and Vac nowinstead of surrounding themand the other man lay barely conscious near the door.
I can take him, said the man who had been thrown across the room, so the other two, happy to oblige, pushed him back into the fray. They held their own knives ready and shifted from foot to foot, feeling the rhythm of the combat, ready to join in an instant.
The confident fighter swiped his knife at Jaysynn again and again, but each time Jaysynn backstepped or sidestepped faster that the assassins wrist could travel. It was uncanny. It was too easy, and Jaysynn knew it. He began to wonder if these assassins were just toying with him. But he could not believe that there was any humor or game in their deeds.
After dodging a few strikes, Jaysynn began to counterstrike. Each time the man attacked, Jaysynn hit him in the handfrom the top, from the bottom, with his hand, with his foot.
His movements were quick. Quicker than the assassins. Quicker than anyones. Quicker than a snakes. They were not playing a game, he decided. He was. He made sport of the killer. His counterstrikes were not a tactical combat move meant to gain him any advantage. They were fun. It was like a game of slap hands. Until, accidentally, he disarmed his attacker with a chop to his knuckles. Then the man tried to resort to punches.
Jaysynn caught him by the wrist, struck him on the elbow with his offhand, and broke his arm. Then he tossed him behind him and faced the remaining two men.
They had stepped forward as soon as their friend had lost his weapon, but his bones were busted before they had time to reach him.
Now they tried to team up on Jaysynn, tried to come at him from opposite sides, but it was hopelessit was not a fight they could control. Jaysynn was at one moment striking one, and then skirmishing with the other. At one moment in front and another behind. At one moment kicking at the ankles and at the next leaping off their heads. 
At last they turned their backs on the fight and ran toward the open window, but Jaysynn was faster. He caught them around the ears and slammed their heads together. They lost their balance at the blow and stumbled to the ground.
Vac came up from behind Jaysynn and the two men and, with Jaysynns knife, stabbed one of them in the kidney.
Jaysynn grabbed his hand, too late to save that mans life. What are you doing? he demanded.
These men are Thyrian Whispers, Vac said. Theyre the best of the best, and, since my guards outside are probably dead, Ive got no way of dealing with four of them.
Jaysynn turned around to see the other two men. The one who had been so eager to take Jaysynn one-on-one was lying near the bookshelf, his throat slit open. The other was rolled over with a deep wound in his lower back.
That ones alive, said Vac. But hell never walk again. Im going to give this last one the same treatment.
No youre not, Jaysynn said, tightening his grip on Vacs wrist. Regardless of their actions, these are my people, and youre not doing anything to them without a trial.
Thats a great notion, said Vac, but for the second time, these are the best of the best. We cannot handle four of them, all able-bodied.
These were nobodies, said Jaysynn. I handled four of them by myselfand Im not even a fighter. These werent real Whispers.
Then how did they come in through the window? And why werent my guards able to stop them?
Jaysynn shook his head, slowly, considering what Vac was saying. I dont know, he said. But Im telling you, these men were not trained fighters. They were sluggish. They were clumsy.
Vac smiled so big his teeth showed. If they were sluggish then Ive never seen a real fighter, he said. Jaysynn, you were fast. You were faster than my eyes could handle.  
Jaysynn looked again at the men in the room, living and dead, and remembered the moves they had used, remembered the motions, the way they held their knives, the way they bent at the knees. It was all right. It was all textbook knife fighting. Every move had been perfect. No overreaching. No lack of commitment to a move. No timidness. No telegraphing.
How? Jaysynn asked, letting Vacs hand loose.
There was magic in this room. Vac rubbed his arm where Jaysynn had gripped it.
There is no more magic, Jaysynn said, shaking the idea off his head. Where would it come from? Why would I be able to use it?
I cant explain it, Vac said, But thats no reason to deny it. The world is new.
Chapter 9: The Order of Life and Death
 Vac and Jaysynn made use of their resources (power cords they tore out of the monitors and other equipment in the room) and tied up the prisoners. They left the office to find the guards posted outside; they lay in blood that was done pumping out of their bodies.
Oh, no, Vac said, looking further down the hall while Jaysynn still gazed at the bodies. He hurried to another body crumpled on the floor. Coonhil, he said. His voice dropped as he said it, and the stone halls of the Old Fort trembled with a deep, grave echo.
Jaysynn knelt by Vac and put a hand on his shoulder. 
Vac was breathing deeply, and dutifully keeping his composure. Great things can change in the blink of an eye, he said. Kings live and die. Whole nations can rise up from nothing and crumble again into dust. The very laws of nature may seem to turn on their heads. But the order of life and death never changes.
There in Coonhils hand was the poison dart. Vac pulled the fingers away and held it in his own hand, admiring Coonhils devotion, in life and in death.
Its the one certainty, Vac went on. Before the Cataclysm. After. The whole fabric is changing. Everything is in flux. But death still comes.
He turned sharply on his heels and stabbed the dart into Jaysynns chest.
Jaysynn clutched at it. He pulled it out and threw it across the hallway, and, rising to his feet, stepped away from the Governor. But his ankle folded over sideways and he came tumbling down again.
Vac now stood, and though he was not a tall man, he was powerfully built, and he towered over Jaysynn now that the emperor was scrambling on the ground.
Youre a liar, Jaysynn said. He tried to stare up at Vac, tried to pour hatred out of his eyes. But he couldnt keep them open. Youre a rat.
He tried to stand again, but he flopped around on the floor, unable to tell his muscles quite what to do. At last, he clutched at his head and at his ears. They were ringing wildly. But that, as with his vision and his vain attempts at movement, would soon cease.
Governor Vac stood over his prisoner.
He lifted his hand to his chin and gave it a broad stroke. He remembered again that he needed to shave. He remembered that Coonhil had scolded him for thinking of such a thing at a desperate time. He closed his eyes, and a tear ran down his cheek.
He went to find some living guards.

Chapter 10: New Life
 Jaysynn tumbled over in his sleep and woke up with a start.
He was on the grass, outside, loose dirt at his fingertips. A man was there. The moon cast little light, but it lit up the gravestones, and it turned the beads of sweat on the mans forehead into drops of silver light.
Jaysynn was quickly on his feet. He knew he was in the graveyard, and he knew that this man, Governor Vac, had taken him here.
Relax, Vac said. His voice was quiet and full of phlegm that mixed his natural tone with a soft growl. I just went to a lot of trouble to dig you up. Im not the least interested in burying you again.
Dig me up? said Jaysynn. He was on guard, but lowered his hands.
Vac looked up, and his eyes glowed in the soft midnight light. I went through with the plan, he said. Now Im going to throw this coffin back in here and cover it up again, and youre going to leave this castle and never step foot in it again. He nodded. Do a good work in Thyrion.
If I do, youll have a friend there.
Fine, said Vac. But lets not stand around chatting about itI dont want to attract any attention. Just go, and when youre away from the castle grounds, check your shirt pocket. Therell be a note in there that will tell you everything you need to know. Now get the hell out of here.
Jaysynn stood there, looking for last words, but Vac dragged the coffin back into the hole and, with his back turned toward Jaysynn, scraped loose dirt over the top of it with his shovel.
Jaysynn tapped him on the shoulder, but he went on working. He walked around in front and patted him on the side of the arm. Vac looked up, clutching at his shovel, to see Jaysynn extending an arm. They shook hands, and Jaysynn left him to his work.
~~~
When Jaysynn found light enough to read by, spilling out of the windows of one of the finer homes in the Old District, he pulled from his pocket a key and a piece of paper with an address written on it. He recognized the street name from his earlier travels in the city, and it only took him a little wandering back and forth to find the place.
It was in a block of buildings on the edge of the industrial district. The neighborhood was in shambles: much of the industrial district, once driven by generators and magic machinery, was obliterated in the Cataclysm. But this building stood among a number of warehouses. Many of them were damaged, and some bowed down to the ground. 
The one Vac had sent him to was in the best shape of any of them. Corrugated steel siding and a sturdy front door. The key fit, and Jaysynn opened the door.
There was no light inside, but it felt like bare walls and an open floor, with maybe some furniture or boxes stacked along the far wall.
A flit of movement. Not an animal. There was a person inside. Maybe another would-be assassin. Jaysynn backed out of the light of the doorway to conceal himself and began feeling around the unpainted drywall, hoping to run into something he could use as a weapon.
Across the room a match head exploded into light, and soon an antique oil lamp was burning brightly, driving out the shadows where Jaysynn tried to hide, and lifting the veil of darkness that hid the other person in the room.
Her hair was long and blonde. The curve of her cheeks was gentle, and her eyes were bright, although one of them was black and blue.
Just the sight of you heals all the trouble of the day, Jaysynn said.
Im afraid Im not much to look at, said Kyrie, turning her eyes down and the bruised side of her face away.
Did Vac do that? Jaysynn said. He punched his palm. Ill give him a piece of my mind, he said. Ill but he trailed off. The taste of anger was in his mouth, but it dawned on him that Vac was a friend, and that he might never see him again. There was no benefit at all in getting angry.
Well, anyway, he said, Vac pushed me off the shore and set me sailing.
Hows that?
I had to make a decision I wasnt ready to make. So I paid him a visit so he could force me into making it. Were going back to Thyrion.
Jaysynn, said Kyrie, shaking her head, you could be killed.
Im already dead, he said. Now its time to rise up.
I dont understand.
Jaysynn laid his hands on Kyries shoulders. Listen, somebody has got to worry about the problems in this world. Somebody has to set things right again in Thyrion. And I figure, why not the Emperor?
Kyrie wrapped her arms around him and pressed her head against his chest.
So, Jaysynn said, holding her, Did Vac give you that black eye?
No, she said, backing out of the embrace so they could see face to face. It was the skinny one. But really they treated me wellaside from the interrogation. They took better care of me than anyone else in the prison, I think. And when they let me go they gave me an escort to this place and even gave me some food and suppliesa couple of these boxes are for us. And your knife is in the top one. They told me I was welcome to stay here for as long as I liked, but that I shouldnt leave until I received further orders. I guess they meant from you.
You got an escort! Jaysynn said. All I got was this piece of paper. He held up the letter with the address on it.
Well, said Kyrie, setting the lamp on the floor and taking a step closer to him. Ive got a piece of paper for you, too.
He held out his hands, and she laid into them a wadded up note. He unfolded it and turned around so he could read it by the light of the lamp. It read, Im still here.
And there she was, the giddy glimmer in her eye, the soft pale skin of her cheeks (now bruised), the calm and casual slope of her shoulders.
Im glad youre here, he said. I dont know where my next steps will take me. I still dont know the first thing about destiny. But Im glad youll be here as I figure it out.
Kyrie made up a bed for each of them: no pillows, but a couple blankets laid across the plywood floor. Wind crept in under the door, which had no threshold, and swept across the hard floor where they slept.
It was a night spent in discomfort and poverty, but it felt somehow like true rest. They knew in their hearts that they were now slaves of their own destinies, but it felt strangely like freedom.

About the Author
John Bahler is the senior English teacher at Eastern High School and the editor of theGreentown Grapevine, a monthly newspaper in Greentown, Indiana.He is the son of a private music teacher, and also an avid songwriter and musician.He has played over 60 shows throughout Indiana in the last year with two different bandseverything from seedy bars to the Vogue Theatre in Broad Ripple, and from backyard parties to the Battleground Indiana Fiddlers Gathering.
When not indoors, John loves being outdoors.He has hiked most of Indianas State Parks, and dozens of state and national parks in more distant lands.He has climbed mountains in the Dominican Republic and canoed in the remote regions of Northern Ontario.He has also hewed logs with an axe, built a cabin out of those logs, made maple syrup in that cabin, and cooked pancakes over which he poured that syrup.
John has a Bachelors and a Masters in creative writing, and a lifelong interest in creative projects of all kinds.Occasionally, between his other pursuits, he finds a nice quiet place and writes.
When hes lucky, he finds a listening ear, an audience waiting to fall under the spell of a good story.
To hear the man sing and pick the mandolin, check outwww.thestampedestringband.com

