The Castrofax
The Father of the Fifth Age Book One
By Jenna Van Vleet

Edited, Produced, and Published by Writers Edge Publishing 2014
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition
 2014 by Jenna Van Vleet.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher.
All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Other Books by Jenna Van Vleet
The Father of the Fifth Age series
The Castrofax
Breaking Stars
Unlocking Void
Chasing Bloodlines
Felling Kingdoms
Dedicated to: Kyle Van Vleet, who knew I was crazy but married me anywaywhich makes you crazier

Chapter 1
The flower bloomed and died and bloomed again in Gabriels palm. He rolled the fingers of his spare hand together as though twisting wool to yarn and watched the flower crumple inward. Its creases browned and dried as he altered the pattern until a curled husk was all that remained. Drawing a thread of Earth energy from his chest, he spun a green string across the tips of his fingers, forming his desired pattern. Snapping his wrist, he fueled it to make the flower bloom again from the shriveled curls. Sighing, he repeated the motions.
He was bored out of his mind.
A pigeon had arrived at his familys manor the day before. It brought a message stating the Queen was dead, and the daughter-heiress vanished. This gave Gabriels father Cordis a strange reason to bustle about the manor instructing the servants to have everything cleaned, shined, pressed, and polished.
Cordis did not pause to grieve for his Queen or the loss of her heiress; instead, he set Gabriel to dust the library, which Gabriel did not do. The boy sat tucked in a dark corner of the foyer, perched on a ledge two stories above the door. It was impossible to reach without climbing across two statues and a tapestry. Cordis would not see him unless the man paused his fervid fascination with cleaning and looked. Until then, Gabriel practiced his Earth patterns and lamented the lack of entertainment.
Carriage on the road! A shout came from the top floor, sending the manor into a flurry.
Your father will not be pleased to find you in the rafters again. A bold voice severed Gabriels train of thought. Mage Dagan descended the stairs gracefully. He had pale blond hair that fell braided to his collar, and his slender frame drew into a tight line that bespoke confidence and authority. Though his tone was commanding, his lips curled into a smirk that made his eyes glitter.
Several months beforehand, Castle Jaden sent him to be Gabriels tutor. The man had the female servants falling over themselves to get a look at his fair face, but Dagan never abused his looks and subsequently earned the respect of the household.
Today, as all days, Dagan wore shades of green with a touch of brown spattered here and there, but this coat was extra fine with gold trimmings. The Mage was fiercely proud of his Earth Element and had never been seen without the rich colors. He stopped at the landing and clasped his hands behind his back. Go put a coat on. Your father will not have you received in your shirtsleeves.
Im wearing a vest, Gabriel replied and plucked at the gray braiding that wove tight designs across the black brocade.
Dagan smiled in a manner only a father humoring a child could. As am I. The conversation won, he gave Gabriel a lingering glare and strode away.
Mage Cordis, hes pulling in. The doormans voice echoed through the foyer.
Get the door without me! Cordis called back, lost somewhere down the hall. A coat? he asked. Is the vest not fine?
Cordis strode into the foyer as proud as any noble. Gabriels father was a powerful Mage controlling both Earth and Water Elements, which was rare in this Age. Though he carried himself proudly, anyone who saw his face would know he was anything but haughty. The man was handsome with wavy black hair cropped short, expressive eyebrows, and deep blue eyes. His physique was still young, slender, and broad-chested while he carried his shoulders and neck in a straight, sly manner as if his next words would be humorous. Gabriel swore the mans purpose in life was to make people laugh, and in turn, make himself laugh.
Gabriel loved his father. Of his mother he knew little. Cordis raised him from birth, and there was no one else Gabriel felt closer to. He was the joyful balance Gabriel needed as he brooded through his teen years.
Cordis wore long black trousers and short boots, a white shirt laced to his neck overlaid with a dark green vest andno coat. While Cordis understood the language of garments, he did not care what his clothing spoke and so dressed as he pleased, coat or no.
Gabriel, I know youre up there, Cordis called without looking up. And the library is still dusty.
Who are we receiving? Gabriel asked.
Descend and find out for yourself, Cordis replied and looked up. Good, you are presentable. Come help me greet. Without a pause in his step, he strode through the open door and vanished into the sounds of horse hooves on cobblestones and jingling tack.
Do not embarrass your father in front of the first guests we have had since Prince Balien, and do something about your mop of hair, Dagan stated calmly before he too disappeared through the door.
Gabriel ran a hand through his thick head of wavy black locks. He shook them contemptuously from his eyes before launching himself from the ledge and colliding solidly with the landing.
Ah! Master Gabriel, youll break your leg or worse! a servant exclaimed at the sudden noise as she rushed past to line up at the door.
I always land on my feet Janie, he replied in the haughty way only a teen-aged boy could.
Descending the polished oak stairs, Gabriel rounded to the main door, opened to a bright but overcast day, spying the fuzzy image of a black carriage blurred by the sudden light. Urima Manor was dark inside, built with few windows and doors to withstand a siege. Gabriel liked the darkness and feeling encompassed.
Striding past the lined servants in their pressed white-and-brown livery, he stepped out into the day. The light revealed him. He was built like his father and was rapidly growing to a lofty height with broad shoulders, a trim waist, and slender figure. He already matched his fathers height. Dagan had said with the long legs, which must have come from his mother, he would be taller. Like his father, his eyes were a deep piercing blue, and while his shapely chin and cheekbones matched Cordiss, Gabriels nose was straighter and less prominent. He moved with an unusual smoothness uncommon to teen-age boys with slow and lengthy strides that made him look controlled and bored. Shoving his hands into his trouser pockets, he took his spot at the front of the line.
Two teams of handsome, dapple-gray draft horses pulled a large black carriage heavily laden with chests and crates. By the dust on the black lacquer, Gabriel guessed they had been on the road for many days. A short man with tightly-cropped hair and posture straight enough to mark him a soldier matched Cordiss warm handshake as they exchanged words and nodded.
The carriage opened, and Cordis stepped forward with his arms spread to greet the inhabitants with a welcoming tone so warm Gabriel himself felt the truth in it. A plump, rosy-cheeked woman stepped out garbed in common Anatolian clothing: long brown traveling dress with a bit of ivory lace at the neck and wrists, and her hair braided up around her head in proper fashion. She boisterously announced her surprise at the massive manor that rose to greet her and accepted Cordiss welcome with a dignified curtsey and smile. Who are you? Gabriel wondered.
A much older woman stepped out dressed in a high-necked black dress, a common cut from Anatoly City. She adorned herself with a single chain of silver wrapped around her neck. It clinked as she took Cordiss hand. She was wrinkled around the eyes and mouth and looked like she was incapable of smiling. She spoke with a proud, proper Anatolian accent void of the contractions or slurring often found outside the capital.
What did Anatoly City bring that has father in such a twist?
Cordis remained standing at the carriage door as if more would step out, but none did. He glanced at the younger woman who gave a shrug and waved her hand to state she had enough. Cordis chuckled and stepped into the carriage, closing the door behind him.
Gabriel looked at Dagan who stood beside him. Tell me shes not in the carriage.
What do you know of happenings in the capital? Dagan posed.
Queen Rincarel Bolt is dead, so the Novaculas should be vying for the throne since the Bolt daughter is too young and has vanished.
Dagan put his hand on Gabriels shoulder and leaned in to whisper, Yes, vanished here.
No, Dagan, please. Balien says shes dreadfully uptight and political and has no understanding of fun.
Dagan chuckled. Aye, and we proved we could foster Prince Balien, so why not his sister? This is a safe place far from prying eyes. People will certainly be looking for her.
The safest place is Castle Jaden.
That will be the first place people look. It would be far more difficult to keep her identity secret in a castle of a thousand Mages. Here, no one will know her identity but the three of us.
The Princess Robyn Bolt? Gabriel processed. He knew her brother Balien well enough to call him brother, but of the famed heiress of the powerful Anatoly Kingdom, he only knew what Balien told him. He described her as a beauty who already knew how to command people with a glance. By the time she was ten years old, she was already a force to contend with. Balien said she was an uptight prep who could not bear a single wrinkle in her dress, nor go out in public without her hair styled up.
The heiress in Urima Manor? Gabriel swallowed. She will likely find it disdainful.
The wind blew warm air with scents of moisture and pine down from the Gray Mountains. The summer was often warm in the foothills, but this season had been unusually wet. Gabriel did not mind the gloomy weather.
As the servants unloaded the luggage, a handle suddenly gave way, sending the crate to the ground with a terrible crash. Every soul in the tight courtyard jumped as the sound echoed. The horses gave a start and lurched forward while the servant at their head pulled back on the reins. Gabriel moved without thinking, unslinging his hands from his pockets. The movement was so sudden the servants almost missed it, but they never would have seen the green pattern he snapped between his fingers. Laying a simple pattern in a palm, he looped it around the ball of his foot and stomped it into the cobblestones. Two vines shot from the cobblestones and wrapped around the back wheels, securing the carriage to the ground and preventing the horses from pulling further.
Gabriel returned his hands to his pockets, once again bored.
Dagan leaned forward so Gabriel would look at him. Boy, you are getting very quick at this. Dagans own hands were out and ready, two threads of green wrapped around his palms, ready to lay. It is a shame you do not control another Element like your father, he sighed as he leaned back.
I may yet, there is still time, Gabriel replied indignantly. Mages came into their Elements around puberty, and he was certainly not finished, though his voice dropped as his baby fat melted. What is the girl doing in there? Braiding her hair?
Have an iota of respect, boy. Her mother just died, and she has been plucked from all she knew.
Gabriel rocked back on his heels and stared at the sky. The absent look he faked gave him the advantage as he took a quick step out of Dagans reach and around the carriage to the nearest window. It was paned with diamonds of glass and shrouded with fabric within. He pressed his ear against it and held his breath to listen.
can call me Cordis, or Mage, or Mage Cordis or whatever you like that isnt insulting. His fathers jovial voice sounded hollow, so he pressed harder to hear better. once insisted on calling me Class Five. Dont do that. I have few rules here: dont wake me up unless its important and dont run screaming through the halls. Also, dont cry. A womans tears are my only weakness, and you would cringe to hear the things Ive done for women who have come to me in tears. If you want a pony or something, just ask. I dont kill spiders, so dont come to me if you find one in your bath. I cant braid hair, neither can my son, but I hear hes killed at least one spider by himself and lived to tell the tale, so hes the resident hero. I trust Prince Balien has filled you in about my boy?
The reply was so high-pitched and faint Gabriel had a hard time making it out. calls him brother and has a nasty habit of hiding in remote locations.
Cordis laughed heartily. He still does that. Dont hesitate to break him of it.
You have an unusual grasp of contractions. Is this common here?
Cordiss laughter was Gabriels departing music as he returned to his position in line. Dagan put up a brow in question.
Theyre discussing contractions and ponies, Gabriel answered.
Let us not do something like that again. The General reached for his sword and gave you a most venomous look.
Hes a General? Gabriel scoffed, glancing at the stout carriage driver who fixed him a sour glare.
That is General Calsifer, the man in charge of the Queens Wing.
Of course he is. Are these women heirs to Arconia and Cinibar? Gabriel replied sarcastically. Dagan gave him a silencing glare.
The carriage door swung open, and Cordis descended with a smile. His sweeping gaze did not miss the vines wrapped around the wheel, and he glanced over it as if it was the most natural thing. For Mages, it was. He extended his hand into the cab and slowly drew out the creature within. Contractions and all, he said.
Princess Robyn curled a hand around the doorframe and stepped out, bathing her pale features in the faint light of the overcast day. She must have been terrified, but her heart-shaped face was void of emotion as she followed Cordis out. Thankfully, she looked nothing like Balien except for the pale golden hair a tint lighter than her brothers. She bore hazel eyes that stood out on her pale skin, little lips void of color, and the traditional small nose of pure-bred Anatolians. Her dark gray dress had no embroidery or gilt and wrapped to her neck and elbows. Without the finery of a Princess, she looked as normal as any in the courtyard. If it were not for the way she clung to Cordiss hand, Gabriel would have believed the act. She doesnt want to be here.
Cordis swept his free hand over the servants. These are my friends, and they are here to make you feel at home. Please give them reasons to do their jobs. I hear Madam Evlen can be easily persuaded to make a strawberry tart if you pick them yourself. The stout cook gave a curtsey.
The girl shot Cordis a glance of surprise, and Gabriel realized she must have spent her entire life cooped up in Kilkiny Palace. My boy can show you the best places to pick berries and mushrooms since he usually spends his time avoiding his studies.
Try not to look an idiot, Dagan whispered and elbowed Gabriel in the back.
Only if you enjoy shirking lessons, Gabriel stated to the girl. She barely came up to his ribcage and had to crane her neck back to look at him. You look like someone who has never skipped out on a lesson.
She looked back over her shoulder at the two women accompanying her as they directed where the luggage went. I have never known the pleasure, she said with a curl of her upper lip. Nor have I learned to climb the rafters.
Dagan swallowed a laugh and cleared his throat.
I assure you, my boy will be on his best behavior in your presence, Cordis said with a nod and a pointed look at Gabriel.
The girl released his hand. You misunderstand me, she smiled. I would like to learn.
Gabriel grinned. The beams in the great hall are the very best.
No, no, Gabriel, I cannot have such precious cargo falling to her death because you cant keep your feet grounded.
Trees, perhaps? Gabriel posed.
Try not to push your luck.
The girl chuckled. My brother has told me much of you, though I expected you to be shorter.
You are as short as he described.
Cordis gave him a wide-eyed look, but she laughed and extended her hand. Please, call me Robyn.
He took her hand and held it, not sure what to do until Cordis made a motion. I am Gabriel, he said and stooped to put a kiss on her knuckles.
Are you a Mage as well? she asked as he released her hand. She had a unique way of speaking as if she had control of the conversation. Had he not known her age and seen the childish face, he would have suspected she was much older.
No, I have not yet tested for my Class. I will in another five years.
She nodded. At twenty years of age? Yes, I remember the little I have learned of Mage culture. I should like to understand it better.
In ten years you will be as learned as if you were a Mage yourself, Cordis chortled. We must get you settled; youve been on the road too long. Lady Beatrice, Professor Magin, will you join us? he asked Robyns companions and led the way into the house.
Gabriel lingered with Dagan and absently watched the unloading. Ten years, he whispered. Will she stay here the entire time?
As long as we can keep her safe, she will, Dagan answered with a low stern voice. Though, I am concerned. Lailee is pregnant with our second, and I must return to Castle Jaden in time for the birth. I plan to stay for a few months, so we will be short a Mage here. However, I want you to consider furthering your training in Castle Jaden and return with me. You are showing great potential in Earth, and there are better teachers in Jaden that can do more for you than I. If you choose to leave, you would be gone nearly a yearprovided you do not come into another Element. It would be a great advantage in attaining a high Class if you train earlier than age sixteen.
Gabriel flicked his eyes to the main door searching for his father. I am needed here.
They need a trained Mage, and while you know many patterns, you do not yet bestow the strength to handle the bigger ones. Castle Jaden will increase your endurance and your ability. The sooner you go, the sooner you return as a force to truly protect if needed.
Gabriel bit his upper lip and gazed through the door at the faint outlines of servants milling forth. Balien would be most cross if I endangered his sister. He sighed as he debated inwardly until finally raising his eyes. I will go with you.
Dagan nodded. I will make arrangements. We will leave at the end of the month.
He strode off into the manor, and Gabriel followed. The maw of the manor drew him in. Inside, the dark gray stone and warm polished wood were almost kin to him. The atrium echoed with far-off voices, the sounds of creaking leather from chest handles, and the scuff of boots on carpet mingling together. Gabriels room resided in the right wing, but the new sounds came from the left, so he shouldered a bundle from the large pile of luggage at the door and made his way upward.
While long, Urima Manor was not unusually tall. The first floor held the entertaining rooms, the second sleeping chambers, the third bore servants quarters, and the twin parapets made up the forth level of look-out rooms. It was shaped like a boxy S, with the courtyard in the front and a magnificent garden in the back. Cordis tended to all the plants and had a special love of everything growing.
Urima Manor had been his fathers since Gabriels birth, and he had known no other home. It was a remote place outside Hollow Downs and many days ride from the capital, which made it ideal for privacy. The closest neighbors were ten miles east, and the nearest main road skirted around them to avoid the forest. As far as Gabriel was concerned, the manor was the safest place to be. Of course, everyone knew Castle Jaden was safer with the thousands of wards and Mages to contend with.
Gabriel followed the feminine voices down the long hall, passing between the beams of sunlight breaking through the clouds. Each burst of light threw bright reflections of his white blouse against the walls. He squinted through each window, unable to avoid the beams. The plump woman had a unique, boisterous laugh, and he followed it to the threshold of a door where servants bustled by.
Tea, Master Gabriel? a woman asked as she glided up with a tray full of cups and dishes.
No, Haddie, thank you. She bowed her head and slipped inside.
The room was one of the finest Urima boasted, with rich furnishings, a large hearth, and enough space to dance. The older woman stood in the center pointing and instructing where things went as Cordis circled around her, insisting she should rest and stating supper would be ready soon. Honestly, Professor, my cook has nearly lost her fingers twice chopping vegetables for this event. The woman hardly cracked a smile as she twirled a servant around and pointed him towards the dressing chamber.
Professor, where would you like this? Gabriel asked as he walked in. She stopped to survey him with a calculating gaze and smiled with a pinched expression. Her old-fashioned, pressed garb and the absence of gilt other than the silver chain gave him the impression of a woman who rarely enjoyed herself and sought the solace of tradition.
Lady Mage Aisling told me much of you, young man, she said with a husky, respectable voice that offered no love. It seems she did not do you justice. She folded her arms, and the tension went out of the room as if she had sheathed weapons. She informed me you were showing progress in the Element of Earth.
He was not sure if it was a question, but he nodded, Yes, Professor.
I hope it impresses me. We will be observing the Mages in depth as soon as we are settled, and you will make an excellent case study.
He hid the uncomfortable sneer his lips tried to skew. The package, Professor?
Ah, yes. It goes in the sitting room, she said pointing down the little hall that adjoined the chambers. His relief was palpable as he exhaled obnoxiously. He pitied his father before pitying himself. A case study?
In the small sitting room, Gabriel found Haddie pouring tea for the golden-headed creature in gray. Robyn cast her eyes down at the table, looking like a bird with broken wings.
I think Ill have that tea, Haddie, Gabriel whispered as he stepped in and set the package down. Robyn raised her eyes as he seated himself across from her in a handsomely worn crimson chair. The room smelled like parchment and old fabric, with the mellow aroma of cinnamon and apple from the tea. The servant finished doctoring his tea the way he liked and slipped out.
Robyn picked her tea up, holding his gaze as he reclined back in the chair, his long legs thrown out and crossed before him.
Youre not happy to be here, are you? he asked, though it was more a statement.
She screwed her lips as if humoring him and took a sip of her tea, casting her gaze outside the window. You are rather stupid if you think I am.
I lost my own mother, he stated, leaving his tea untouched. I never knew her, or really anything of her. Father doesnt speak of her, but I know the absence of a mother.
Robyns lips thinned and trembled and she hid them behind her tea cup. Gabriel once heard royalty never cried, and Balien proved so in the two years spent with them. Robyn lowered her cup to reveal a sturdy expression. I am sure I will enjoy it here.
Its boring. Theres not much to do besides grow things and learn histories.
I enjoy my histories, she said, all trace of trembling emotion lost.
Well I hope you enjoy Mage history. Because the frightening woman with the eagle stare informed me I am to be studied by you.
Is that all she told you? She told me she will send for a dancing instructor since I now have a partner. It is a shame you are not a Water Mage. It is said they are the most graceful.
Gabriel pointed a finger on the armrest in protest. I do not dance.
She gave a childish laugh, breaking her stony exterior for a bright moment. You will. He would have argued but once again she was thoroughly in charge of the conversation. Instead he leaned forward and lifted his teacup from its saucer with a look of acquiescence. Though, you may not have the chance. Mother sent me away for fear I would be killed. I might have been followed, and you would no longer have a dance partner.
He stared at her, befuddled. That is a bleak attitude to have. You are safe here. There are two Classed Mages and I am not untrained myself. Are these dark thoughts something I will have to deal with for the next ten years, or is this a fleeting feeling?
For a second the stern faade cracked with a snicker, and he saw her eyes sparkle. It seemed Balien had left out details about his younger sister. For a moment she appeared as the ten year old girl she was, not the royalty she had been shaped into. I would like to see you plucked from your life and do better.
Feeling accomplishment in breaking her mask, he smiled and nodded. I doubt I could.

Chapter 2
Robyn was not a girl to be trifled with or underestimated, though most people insisted on doing so because of her youth. Her tutors always treated her with a certain delicacy that taught her to despise them. It was no different in Urima Manor. It was not long before she learned Gabriels hiding places and vanished into the woodwork to avoid her lessons.
They usually sent Gabriel from his training to find her, but she was getting more stealthy and quieter as the weeks progressed until finally, even he could not find her. She grinned as she watched his bemused face search the dark corners. It was only after he passed her that she stretched a hand out from behind the marble statue and rapped his shoulder.
You missed me.
He turned his surprised face to see her in the shadows. Impressive. As reward for your winning, I will not tell them where I found you. With a firm hand he guided her back to her studies in the library. Youre more like your brother than he let on, he whispered before closing the oak door.
During her lessons of socialism, equalization, commerce, industry, needlepoint and party-giving, Robyn watched through the windows as the Mages practiced. Of the three Mages, Dagan moved with the most experience, though he was younger than Cordis. He was an interesting study since his motions were deliberate and connected. Though Robyn could see nothing of these patterns they spoke of, something only Mages could see, she saw the outcome of sprouted trees or crumpled rocks and bent branches. Cordis was amusing to watch, for he was serious when laying patterns, a character trait much unlike his usually jovial self. Gabriel seemed to be a mix of the two. Amusing in conversation, he became serious and fluid as he moved his hands to lay unseen threads, shifting his whole body in a dance only Mages understood. Sometimes they stomped their feet and shards of stone or clumps of dirt shot from beneath them. On other occasions they would throw out their hands and snap their wrists to create an explosion of blossoms from the poor tortured cherry trees. It was frightfully entertaining.
Robyn, you are not listening, Professor Magin stated one afternoon as they sat in the library. The sun painted yellow squares on the dark wood behind the Professor as she sat with a book in her hands. Child, I expect you to listen when I lecture.
But I do not care about castles outside my kingdom, Robyn replied with a weary tone.
If you should listen to any lectures about profound structures, it should be this one. You have twosomeday threeMages who call Jaden their home, and it would be admirable of you to understand their culture. Tell me three things concerning Castle Jaden.
Robyn crumpled her fingers together. She really had not been listening to the lecture, but sometimes Gabriel spoke of it. Jaden is the smallest but the most powerful of kingdoms since it houses the Mages. Mages bred themselves out of High Classes after the Mage Wars made it acceptable to marry non-Mages. She rolled her eyes up, trying to think of more. The Castle has never been breached and is rumored to be the safest place on land.
Magin glared at her. You have been talking to Mage Cordis. I said none of those things. Now, listen this time. Castle Jaden was founded by Class Ten Cornel Jaden in 1555 when he purchased land from Eccoveria, what is now Anatoly. Jaden did not become its own kingdom until 2020 when the castle was completed.
I dont want to learn of castles, Magin. I want to study the Mage Wars!
Dont? Sweet stars, you have been talking to Cordis too much. Alas, he would be the man to speak with about the Mage Wars, but he is busy. She nodded her head outside and Robyn followed with a longing gaze.
Father and son stood with their backs to her. Dagan walked up with an open book, speaking words she could not hear and gesturing to sketches on the pages. Robyn had seen many books with sketches in their library that showed how patterns were laid and how the body moved to manipulate them. Dagan set the book on a stone table and made several large-armed gestures before stopping and shaking his head. The earth gave a slight tremble as he moved, and Robyn braced for excitement only to be disappointed.
Cordis pointed to the book as Gabriel folded his arms, speaking for a few moments. Gabriel shrugged and nodded before unlinking his arms.
Robyn. Magin stated.
Wait, she whispered, sensing entertainment on the horizon.
Gabriel took a defensive stance, and with great care and seriousness, laid the unseen pattern. Dagan and Cordis backed up as he worked, and with each step their faces grew more surprised.
Robyn.
Gabriel moved his arms in circular motions, stopping and drawing his hand back twice as if pulling something. She watched with rapt attention, ignoring Magin as Gabriel slightly bent in the knees. Suddenly the earth gave a tremendous roar and sprang up around him in a circular dome that swallowed him. The top of the dome twisted soil, grass, roots and stones together in a grinding mass that slowed and stopped. Robyn found herself on her feet squealing with excitement as her eyes flicked to the Mages and the dome. Cordis and Dagan stood with limp arms and open faces, staring at the place where Gabriel had been swallowed up.
The earth began to shrink back to the garden to reveal a whole and hale Gabriel in the center, his arms level with his waist as he pushed the earth back down. His hair and shoulders were dusty but he was unharmed, and with a quick shake of his hair he looked normal once more.
Cordis and Dagan exploded in excited tones, closing the gap as they gestured and pointed, unsteady on their feet. Gabriel brightened at their congratulations and smiled. Cordis grabbed the book and pointed to a picture before shifting back a page, then stopped and gaped at Dagan. Eight, he mouthed. That much Robyn could tell.
What does Mage Cordis mean by eight? Robyn asked, turning to Magin.
Did you not see? Magin posed. Mage Dagan is a Class Six and failed when attempting the pattern, but Gabriel succeeded. There are a thousand patterns only certain Classes can perform and fuel properly. Many have been lost to the Ages as Mages bred themselves out. It seems young Master Gabriel has succeeded in a pattern made for Class Eights.
This is fantastic, Robyn breathed. How many Class Eights are left?
Magin smirked, then the smirk slipped as she realized the question was seriously asked. There are none. And there are no Class Sevens either. The highest Class attainable for hundreds of years has been a Class Six, and even those are dwindling.
Then this truly is fantastic, Robyn whispered and looked back outside to the men in their revelry. When did the Classes start dying off?
Back in the Third Age after the Mage Wars. As you rightly stated, the Mages were given permission to intermarry, which began watering-down their long bloodlines. With every generation they grow a little weaker. First the Class Tens vanished, soon followed by Class Nines. By the time the more powerful houses tried to instate new rules to riposte the old laws, it was too late to rebuild the bloodlines, and finally the Class Eights vanished. This took over a thousand years mind you; it did not happen in a generation. Magin closed the book on her lap with a pleased look. If Master Gabriel does prove to be powerful, it will mean great things for their race.
But his father is only a Class Five. Who is his mother?
Magin gave a shrug. No one knows. It has been a secret of the Lenis line since Gabriels birth.
But you said yourself the highest Class attainable now is Class Six, so how could a Class Five produce an Eight?
Magin chuckled. That is a question for Mage Cordis, but I have read of Anomalies, Mages born of strange talents in desperate times. Though, for years there have been rumors of secluded groups of Mages that never dwindled. Perhaps our Master Gabriels mother truly is powerful.
Robyn watched the men retreat to the manor and heard their faint carousing voices down the hall. She wished they would come share their excitement, but they faded away and left her to her studies without escape.
It was not until the sun touched the tips of the Gray Mountains that Magin let her go. She walked off in dignified fashion to find the Mages, wishing she could run, but that was unladylike. Cordis had a favorite study tucked back in a corner where he usually spent his quiet days. As she suspected, she found the men within talking in joyous tones.
The room was plastered with dark wood panels and shelves, on which sat dozens of books and trinkets. Each had a story she did not know. The furniture was old and lovingly worn, made of a faint blue canvas matched with yellow cord trim and leather pillows. It smelled of dust, leather, and cigar smoke with another scent she could only describe as man.
Gabriel sat in a chaise with a leg propped up over it, leaning into the corner with a goblet dangling from his fingertips. Dagan sat in the bay window in a relaxed fashion, his back not so straight, his shoulders loosened, and his coat folded aside, leaving him in his shirtsleeves. Cordis sat with his back to her and turned as she entered. He was beaming and red in the cheeks, likely a result of the goblet of ale perched on his thigh. Roby! he exclaimed as she stepped in. Did you see it?
Robyn rounded his chair to address him to his face. I did, she nodded. It was explained to me that it was a grand achievement.
Grand is an excellent word for it! Come, sit with me, he beckoned. He set his goblet aside and lifted her by the waist to sit on his thighs as he had on several occasions. Being dawdled like a child was not something princesses did, but she found herself yearning for the embrace of a father-like figure. Her own father died nearly eight years beforehand.
You witnessed a remarkable thing, Cordis beamed. And it will be beneficial for you in the future. The stronger a Mage you have to protect you, the better. Within five years Gabriel will have a proper Class to his name and will be able to take the title of protector from me.
Robyn felt her heart quicken. Where are you going? she asked in a shrill tone.
Nowhere, of course, but the stronger a Mage to stand by your side the safer you will be.
Your parents would appreciate it, Dagan said before taking a sip of wine. The servants in the manor had been told she was the daughter of rich ship builders from Iosberg who came under threat from the Shalabane, the land-grubbing, ever-invading country across the ocean. The three men in the room kept the ruse alive at all hours.
So are you a Class Eight? she asked Gabriel.
He twisted his lips. I have to test for my Class before we can speculate, and not until I am twenty.
And what until then?
Gabriel looked at Cordis for approval. I am leaving middle of next week to begin my training in Castle Jaden. Dagan and my father think it best I start early.
Robyns heart sank. Then who will I have to play with? She tried her best to hide her disappointment. How long will you be gone?
As long as it takes to learn what I need. No more than a year.
When you return will you know what your Class will be?
He shook his head. Training is kept secret. My trainers will not discuss it with others, so when I test for my Class, the Mage Council will not be biased.
She nodded. I will miss your companionship. It was a phrase the tutors had long ingrained in her until it meant nothing but politeness, but this time she meant it.
This is no time for sadness! Cordis exclaimed and bounced his thigh to give her a jolt. I had Derion slaughter a piglet, so we will be having roast porkand I think Lyesa is wrapping it in bacon, stars love herand Merina is baking cakes in Parion fashion, the ones with the whipped sugar and cream. I had a cask of cider opened, and tonight we will celebrate Gabriels achievement. It will be the first of many, I am certain.

Supper was as splendid as Cordis claimed, lasting for several hours of courses and drinks. Robyn was even permitted a small mug of cider but decided she preferred the watered wine she received in Kilkiny Palace.
After supper Cordis and Dagan retired to Cordiss study, leaving the children to fend for themselves. As soon as Robyn was alone with Gabriel, she shot him a dark look and folded her arms. He grimaced. Your brother has the same look. How have I wronged you?
I am displeased you are leaving. Now I shall have no excuse to escape my lessons.
Im sure we can find you something to do, he said and shook his locks from his eyes. You can find a hobby that can occupy your time. Weve horses to ride and books to read or crafts to learn.
A girl of my breeding does not learn a craft, Gabriel, she stated in an accusing tone.
Then learn a sport.
Climbing trees is as much sport as I need.
Gabriel folded his arms over his chest. You sound like your tutors. What do you want to do? No, dont answer for them, answer for yourself.
Robyn furrowed her brow and realized she did not know what she wanted. She had always been told what was expected of her and what was acceptable and unacceptable, but never had she considered what she wanted.
II am not sure what to think.
He nodded, seemingly aware of her answer before she was, and grabbed her hand. Come with me.
Gabriel had a leggy stride, so she rushed to keep up with him as he moved through the dimly lit halls deep into the manor. She had explored most of everything and soon recognized the storage rooms shut behind locked doors. Gabriel stopped before one she remembered as the armory, a small room with mostly tools and a few old weapons. Mages did not need weapons of man-make, but the few knives used by servants remained sharp and oiled. The room was unlocked, and Gabriel quickly snatched a few things on shelves before returning to the hall with a short recurve bow and a quiver of arrows.
You are going to learn archery, and when I return, you will show me how good youve become.
Archery, Gabriel? That is soldiers work.
Thank you, Professor Magin. That silenced her.
Leading her out into the night, she followed him to a spot behind the stables where the moonlight illuminated the space in silver. The night was heavy with the scent of horses and grass.
Do you know how to string a bow? he asked. She gave him a look that likened him to an idiot. Gabriel shrugged with a knowing sigh and showed her how to loop the string on one tip, pull the other tight with his legs, and then loop the other.
Hold the bow in your left hand, and place the arrow like so, or youll sheer off the fletching. Notch it, yes just like that, draw, aim, and shoot. He took several steps back and motioned her to shoot. Aim for that tree.
A primitive feeling seeped through her with the challenge of the mundane task. This was a weapon used by the ill-educated to kill in battle or in hunger, not something princesses thought of. She lowered the bow, yet a new sensation of rebellion surfaced. With a weapon in her knowledge, she would not have to rely on any man to protect her. She raised the bow again.
She missed, and failure sank through her; a new sensation. Angry, she grabbed another arrow, set it just right, and shot it into the darkness. It missed again, but she was learning the feel of the bow. Gabriel stepped forward to help, but Robyn interjected. No, stay there. I can do this without assistance.
Shoot a little higher than your intended target. Arrows have a habit of arching in long flight.
She took his advice, and this time shot in the intended direction. The pull of the bow was strenuous on her little figure, but with each draw she understood more.
Go get more arrows, she finally stated, her quiver exhausted.
He pointed to the dark trees. You have to go find them.
Anger flared in her eyes. I cannot possibly
If Im someday to be your protector, there is one thing we must get straight: I am not a servant. We fend for ourselves in the world outside the palace, which is where you are now. I dont take orders.
She sunk the end of the bow into the loam, her mind searching for a cutting riposte but finding an impasse. Would you help me then?
I would be glad to, he said with a bow of his head and sauntered off into the trees. She went in the other direction. Her pupils widened as they searched for the red-tipped fletching. They returned with all but one.
I am finished for the evening.
He chuckled and shouldered the quiver. You arent used to picking up after yourself.
Next time I will shoot into the stable wall, she said with a snide grin. That way the arrows cannot go far.
Its a good thing my father is fond of you, then, Gabriel shrugged.
I would like to speak with him about the Mage Wars.
I can tell you about them, Gabriel replied and slowed his stride. What do you want to know?
It seems the destruction of your race began with them, she said, and Gabriel stopped her with a hard look. Can I put it more gently? Why were they started?
What are all battles fought over? he asked to the night sky.
Love, money, power, Robyn answered quickly.
He gave her a surprised look. That isyour tutors are doing a good job. The Mage Wars started with Arch Mage Ryker Slade. He wished to marry a non-Mage, but the law back then said Mages could only marry Mages in order to keep the bloodlines pure. Many people sided with Ryker Slade, Castle Jaden divided, and the war began. He resumed his languorous walk, stepping into the garden that was better lit.
It just began? That sounds hasty.
It is said Ryker was a mastermind with a slick tongue that drew peoples attention like a thunderclap. As a gifted speaker he wound up the masses to his cause and made them believe his problems were theirs. The war lasted four years, and by the end the Mages realized what Ryker was really after.
Power? Robyn posed.
Yes. The Head Mage Seat, the most powerful position known. Are you familiar with the Arch Mages? She shook her head. There were four Class Ten Mages that Ryker worked with who were instrumental in starting the war: a Creator, a manipulator, a torturer and a destroyer. Gabriel and Robyn sat down on a stone bench. In Mage terms a Creator is someone who can fabricate new patterns. Pike Bronwen was Rykers Creator. It is said Ryker was the brains behind everything Pike made, and together the men created objects that helped their side win the war.
Robyn stuck the end of the bow in the soil trying to unstring it. Gabriel reached to help, but she pushed his hand aside. After several attempts she succeeded and received a solid thump on the shoulder from the recoiling bow. What kind of objects did they make?
Gabriel grimaced. Controlling devices that, when touched to skin, could alter the will or composition of a Mage.
Composition?
Like, one could paralyze a person. Another could create illusions, so the wearer would think everything was fine. But each one prevented the Mage from using his Elements and allowed another to control them. You could take a Class Ten Mage that controlled four or five Elements and turn them into a non-Mage in a moment.
Just by touching these objects?
No, the objects were kind of like shackles, a neckpiece and two wristlets that would not come off unless the imprisoned Mage stopped fueling the patterns with their energy.
Robyn raised her brows.
Oh, sometimes I forget you do not understand energy like we do. I meant, the imprisoned Mage had to die. All moving entities give off energy, which is what Spirit Mages feed onkinetic energy.
What do youfeed on?
He held his hand out to the plants before him. I can feel the earth growing around me. The energy gives me the capability of using my Earth Element. Without a source of life around me, I am as useless as a non-Mage. Fire Mages feed off a living flame, Water Mages off a moving water source, and Air Mages off blowing wind.
So these objects acted as though you were far away from your Element.
In other words, yes.
Did they have a name, or do we just call them objects now? Robyn asked, lowering her voice as if it were a joke.
Of course they had a name, but I dont like to speak it.
Robyn leaned in. Tell me anyway.
He fidgeted with the folds of his trousers and grimaced. They are called the Castrofax.
How many are there?
Six.
And where are they?
If anyone knows, no one says. Most of us think Head Mage Casimir has a few in Castle Jaden, but no one knows for certain.
Then why do you fear them? The Arch Mages are long dead.
He looked up and his blue eyes met hers. Not all.
The seriousness in his tone seemed to make the air still around them and Robyn felt her breath hold in her chest. Explain, she finally whispered.
Not all the Arch Mages died in the war. Ryker Slade still exists. See, the Arch Mages were capable of skipping over years by hibernating with an object Pike made called an Excellyon that stored kinetic energy. They skipped so many years, were not sure where or when they originated. All attempts to kill him were thwarted by his Excellyon, and he hibernated when he realized the Head Mage Seat could not be his. He could not be moved so they built Castle Jaden up around him and set a multitude of wards to keep him there. We fear he could rise again and imprison us. That is why we fear the Castrofax.
Robyns brow furrowed as he spoke. I feel like I should have been told this long ago.
Robyn, you are ten years of agenearly eleven, I knowbut there are many things you will not find out until you are older. Do not hate me for it. He shook his hair from his eyes and gave a sympathetic smile.
How old is he really? How long has he been hibernating through the Ages?
No one knows. There have been many terrible occurrences through history we attribute to him or one of his Arch Mages, but I think they go back to the Second Age, and that just sounds too fantastic.
Four Ages old, Robyn breathed. So you really do have something to fear.
He put a hand on her shoulder just like her big brother used to. Jaden is unbreachable, and I like to think its inescapable too.
Robyn stared at the ground before her. What else did Ryker make?
He shrugged and pushed a curly lock out of his eyes, only to watch it fall back in place. Rings that could control a persons will, a crown that projected illusions, necklaces that could hold off wounds sustained in battle, he drifted off and lazily flicked his wrist to suggest there were others. Who knows for certain?
He sounds terrible. Robyn replied and wrinkled her nose.
Gabriel stood up swiftly, towering over her. Come, we have happier moments to think of, and its not too late to sneak a cake from the kitchens.

Gabriel woke with the sun, as was his custom, rising with the light. His skin tingled this morning with unusual tenacity. He shook his hands and rubbed his forearms as the manor masseuse would to loosen the muscles. With the voracity he used his arms in pattern-laying, it was paramount to have a resident masseuse to loosen the body.
Lacing his short black boots, he suddenly stopped as a wave of energy coursed over him, standing the hair on the back of his neck. It was as if a specter appeared to scare him senseless, or a great rush of adrenaline coursed through his body to leave him calm but on the edge of fright. The feeling moved faintly from left to right before vanishing a few seconds later. He slowly looked about the room searching for the source of energy but finding only his reflection in the long mirror which gave him another fright.
He gathered his wits making his way down the stairs, and listened to the faint sounds of the house waking up. This early in the morning he could hear servants in the kitchen, clinking dishes, clanking pots, doors creaking and shutting, and the crackle of hearths. Somewhere down the hall he heard the familiar scrape of Cordiss study door open, and he set his feet in that direction.
Good morning, Gabriel. Dagans voice carried from high above him. Gabriel glanced up the staircase to see the green-clad Mage descending from his room on the third level. He wore a long green tunic over a white blouse. Shall we learn how to grow tree roots this afternoon?
I should think so, Gabriel replied before he slipped out of Dagans vision. In truth, he was going to make the most of his last few days in the manor and steal away with Robyn. The past few days of archery had improved her aim, though she complained fiercely about her sore shoulder.
Gabriel let himself into his fathers study and found Cordis within, a scroll over his lap as he took his morning tea. The familiar tingling sensation returned, very faint but lingering as Gabriel entered and poured himself a mug of black tea.
Word from Anatoly City says it is in revolt against the Novaculas ascension to the throne, Cordis said as Gabriel poured milk into his tea. Cordis tapped the scroll. The power houses claim the Novaculas murdered the heiress, while the merchants are siding with Balien Bolt in his declaration that Miranda Novacula is heir by right. It seems your dear friend is caught in a tight place.
Does he know where she is? Gabriel asked as he stepped up to the bay window, looking out on the fresh morning.
No one knows. Not even he. Especially not he. Cordis took a sip of tea, and the faint tingle jumped across Gabriels skin, causing him to turn. He would be the first to come looking for her. Cordis gazed up at Gabriels intense stare. Whats wrong?
S-stop moving, Gabriel whispered, the strength leaving his voice. He took in a shaky breath, tense with an excitement he could not place.
Footsteps outside the door announced Dagan, and as the Mage pushed the door open, Gabriel felt the same energy surge. Halt! he stated before Dagan could step into the room. Dagans eyes went to Cordis and back to Gabriel as he tried to make sense of the situation.
Should I leave? Dagan asked after a long pause. He took a step back, and Gabriel gasped clutching his chest.
Cordis launched out of his seat, and Dagan rushed into the room as Gabriel dropped his mug, sloshing tea in a hot spiral. The men grabbed Gabriels arms before his knees gave way and eased him back into the window seat. Gabriel shut his eyes as soon as the men started moving, feeling the rush of an energy he could not place race over his skin and beat within his chest. He grit his teeth against it and did not realize he was sitting until the men stopped moving.
What is the matter? Dagan asked over Cordis who was muttering, Are you injured? Did you hurt yourself? As if remembering Gabriels initial request, both men stopped moving when Gabriel made no reply.
The energy, Gabriel whispered, holding his palms open on his knees as he felt it move.
What energy? Cordis asked.
Oh, sweet stars, Dagan breathed, his eyes widening.
Gabriel bolted up from the seat and turned to the men, a look of tight resolve on his face. His body was tense like a coiled spring.
Cordiss face became bright. Kinetic energy, he whispered. You can feel us moving. His voice took on new strength. He took a step back, and Gabriel winced as his body responded to the movement. Stars above, you do take after your mother.

Chapter 3
Nine Years Later
Prince Balien watched in an embarrassed but amused silence as his cousin, Mage Prince Nolen Novacula, had yet another screaming match with his mother, Queen of Anatoly. The long windows of the sitting room let in the rising sun, and checkered rooftops of Anatoly City spread out around them. He was thankful the panes were closed, for the people in the courtyard outside would likely hear them.
His cousin had once been tolerable, or so Balien convinced himself; but once his mother took the throne, he became drunk with the power of commanding her armies. Nolen was used to getting what he wanted. He wore the finest brocades, drank the best vintages, and wooedor coerced when necessarythe loveliest ladies to his bed. It was often too necessary. Balien took a draught of his wine to wash the thought away. The Prince had a sadistic reputation, and Balien had seen many maids leave his rooms with bruises or worse.
Balien folded his hands across his red-and-gold coat and suppressed a smile. Just wait until Robyn takes the throne, he thought. She will not put up with your nonsense. Months off yet, it was still too longand that was only if she was found in time. No one heard from his sister in nearly two years, and those who knew she was missing grew more concerned by the day.
My Mage affairs are of no concern to you. You think after all these years of inquiry, you would give it up, but I am continuously plagued by your incessant questioning, Nolen snapped. Many maidens called him handsome, with thick eyelashes surrounding deep green eyes, tightly-curled brown hair tied back in a short tail, and the tall physique of a warrior. Nolen was not terrible to look upon. Balien suppressed the gag. Anyone who truly knew the Prince saw past his pretty wrapping to the firebrand temper beneath.
A passing servant in a red tunic bowed beside Balien with a tray of little cakes. Some had savory onions and goat cheese, another with apples, and a third with mushrooms and spinach. The young man proffered the apple cakes to Balien, holding the onion and cheese furthest away from the Prince. Balien met the boys eyes, recognizing him from the kitchens, and put a hand over the apple cakes. The boy gave the smallest nod, and Balien took it.
I just want to know how long you will be gone and where you are going, Queen Miranda replied gently. By her tone and seated stance, Balien knew she was beaten long ago. She was by no means pretty with deep brown, lifeless eyes, prominent jaw bones, a nose bridge that was too flat, and forming jowls. She may have been lovely when she was younger, but that was before her exiled husband beat her will and confidence out years ago. The years had not been kind to her either, fleshing out her middle and creasing her face.
My concerns are none of your business.
Balien finally had to rescue his Queen. And if she has need of you before you return, where will she send a messenger?
Nolen fixed him with a sharp glare, one of thousands the Prince sent his way, and Balien gave him a thin smile suggesting Nolen to try and argue with him and see where it lead. As the soon-to-be brother of a Queen, Baliens power was growing over Nolens sway.
Balien had always been described as a gentle soul, and he saw his purpose in the palace as an aid to those less fortunate. He liked to think of himself as a vigilante. He had his fathers dark brown eyes, high cheekbones, and broad chin, alongside his mothers dark gold hair cropped short above his collar and styled to fall back. He ran two fingers though the unruly locks in a gesture of preparing himself for a battle and tightened the muscles in his face to ward off the kind look his eyes often betrayed. Nolen may have grown immune to his glares, but any passing soul would be chilled. Miranda still was, and she quickly adverted her eyes from Baliens sudden movement.
The serving boy offered the tray of cakes to Nolen, holding those with onion and cheese closest to the man. Nolen snatched the first one he saw, taking a mouthful likely without tasting it. One hand rested in his coat pocket, fiddling with something unseen.
Miranda took an apple cake and rose a little in her seat. Will you be traveling to Castle Jaden again?
Does it matter? Nolen snapped in his deep voice. Someone touched a nerve, Balien thought.
It does, Prince, a womans voice stated from the doorway. Balien rose and gave the woman a proper nod as she entered.
Lady Mage Aisling was the power behind the throne. She carried herself with utmost confidence, her face intelligent and her eyes knowing. The Lady was just into her fifties, and in her short years had risen from a powerful Mage House to become Advisor to the Queen. She served the late Rincarel and now her sister Miranda. She also held a Seat on the Mage Council, making her one of the ten most influential Mages.
She fixated her cold blue eyes on Nolen as she gracefully rounded a couch. Her tight gaze summed up her calculated opinion of him while keeping his mouth sealed. Balien was thankful for the reprieve from Nolens irritating voice and for the entertainment. Aisling always brought amusement with her around the Prince.
As Prince, you are required to answer your Queens questions. It is your duty, and your privilege to be in her presence. Now, what was the question, Your Majesty? Aisling asked, taking control of the situation without raising her voice. Balien smiled into his wine.
I would like to know where you are going, and how long you will be gone, Miranda asked, her timid voice gaining a little strength.
Nolen exhaled sharply, giving the Advisor a loathsome glare she ignored. I am going to the Balfor Delta, and I will be there a few weeks. He downed the rest of his cake. He drew whatever he had been fiddling with from his pocket, and Balien saw the glint of a silver coin, rounded, unlike Anatolian square coins.
Would you not take Balien with you? For protection? Miranda asked as Nolen took a step to leave. The coin twirled between his fingers as he grew anxious.
Please do not drag me into this, Balien thought and closed his eyes in horror. He opened them to see Aisling looking his way.
Balien has his own frivolities to attend to here, Nolen brushed off. Do you not?
I should think so, Queen Miranda, Balien replied in a pleasant tenor voice. The soldiers are training new bannermen, and they need my sword arm.
Oh, oh yes. She nodded thoughtfully.
Nolen mumbled some salutation of thanks and left as quickly as he could. Aisling and Balien shared a moment of relief as the Advisor, dressed in a high-necked green gown dripping with ropes of pearls, took a seat across from the Queen.
I always thought Fire Mages were the ones with uncontrolled tempers, Miranda sighed and swirled her wine. Air Mages usually have such nice dispositions.
The stereotypes are often wrong, Aisling replied. Spirit Mages are said to be crafty and intelligent, but we all know that is not always true, she smiled.
Balien chuckled and raised his goblet to her. Aisling was a Spirit Mage, a Class Five, and was as schooled as they came. Miranda got the joke after Baliens laugh. When the servant pouring wine refilled their goblets, Queen Miranda asked him to step out and close the door.
I wonder, she began. I wonder, has there been any news of Princess Robyn? I am most anxious to find her.
So was Balien. The controlled smile Aisling gave said she too was desperate.
Nothing as of yet, but I have the armys best diggers looking for her, Aisling answered, referring to their spies and masters of incognito.
Balien had his own men out looking. He learned of her location three years before. He traveled out to see her and his old foster-brother Gabriel whenever he could, but a year later they vanished. Urima Manor was vacant but for the servants. It was so quiet since Mage Cordis disappeared about the same time. They left no clues, no trail, and sent no word. For all he knew, they were dead, though he did not think that could be possible. The disappearance of Mage Cordis had unnerved the Mage population. They knew nothing of Mage Gabriel, so they were none the worse when he vanished. If only they knew of you, brother, Balien sighed and glared into his cup.
What if we sent ambassadors to the Queen began, but Aisling put up a hand.
We do not want to worry the people.
But it could help find her! Get the word out, and maybe she will hear! Miranda exclaimed. When Queen Rincarel died and Princess Robyn vanished, the land had swelled with a thousand-thousand rumors of her fate and whereabouts. Many thought her dead, but most kept hope she would reappear.
Robyn will return by her birth anniversary, Aisling replied with an air of finality. I am certain of it.
Very well, Miranda nodded, her curls flopping about her head. What work do you need me for today?
Nothing, Aisling replied. I have it taken care of.
As always, Balien thought.
Prince Balien, how are your days with the armies? Aisling asked. He sat in a precarious situation with the various factions of the armies. While his sister was heiress to the throne only Queens sat on, it would be Baliens duty to command her armies. Since he made no claim to them without Robyn on the throne, the task fell to Nolen. Everyone knew it was a position Balien would eventually take, and Nolen loathed him for it. For some time now, the power had been shifting between them, but in Robyns absence they stood at a stalemate. Still, it did not stop the men from showing favoritism. Balien was a respectable swordsman where Nolen relied on his Air Element, and men respected what they could see.
It would be tricky for Miranda to step down and Robyn to gain her throne. Why remove a Queen who was healthy and able? While those close to Miranda knew she was neither, the people saw what Aisling wanted them to see. To the populous Miranda was very just and giving. In fact, she was so giving she was speedily eating away their silver holds and mines her sister Queen Rincarel struck.
My Lady, they go well, he answered, straightening in his seat. General Calsifer iseager to teach me. What he truly meant was Calsifer was eager to see Nolen go. No one hated the Prince like the General who took orders from him.
Aisling smirked and raised a brow, thinking his statement bold though tactfully put. Miranda did not notice right away. They gave her a moment.
Nolen will not be pleased to let go of the army, Miranda sighed quietly.
Aisling gave her a look of subtle horror. Nolen would do whatever the Queen commanded; a point Miranda never learned. I would not worry yourself over it.
You know how much the boy loves his power, Miranda sighed and played a finger on the rim of her silver goblet. I do not know what he would do.
Perhaps Princess Robyn will be generous and keep him on as council, Aisling offered. Balien quietly spat back his wine as his throat closed on the swallow. Not if his little sister listened to anything he said. She already knew of their cousins antics and Baliens opinions on them.
Yes, perhaps, Miranda said dreamily. Oh, it is getting late, she stood smoothly and pressed the wrinkles in her black-and-white striped dress down. I am having tea with the Medextris House.
Please tell Lady Katlyn I send my fondest greetings, Aisling smiled as she and Balien stood to give formal bows. Miranda promised as she swept out.
Aisling kept her composure well, clasping her hands and fixing Balien with her cool eyes. However cold she wished to appear, he saw the warmth in them and was rather proud to call her his closest confidant. How fares Nolen?
Balien played innocent. My Lady, I could not say.
The young serving boy entered with a tray of cakes, and again he pulled the onion and cheese back to offer them the apple or mushroom.
I think the cheese has spoiled, Balien whispered, and the boy did his best to keep his smile back. Aislings hand hovered above the mushroom, but with a second thought she pulled it back.
If you have one poisoned, they very well could all be, she stated and motioned for the boy to leave.
My Lady, I do not know to what you infer, said Balien.
She gave him a condescending smile. The barrel of nutmeg from Shalaban was not meant for you?
I am sure it is the kitchens, good Lady.
And the vials of calla-lily oil are not yours?
I am not a man who enjoys flowers, no.
How unusual they should find their way here. I shall see the nutmeg gets to the kitchens. She smiled again.
It is best you do.
She gave a bow of her head. Very well, she walked to the doors. You know, just the other day I noticed how many foxgloves we have in the surrounding countryside.
Yes, it has not escaped my attention.
You are an observant one, she nodded and left him to his wine.
He turned to the windows with a smirk. The Lady missed nothing, and she would keep his secret as well. While he watched Nolen take the position as Commander-Prince of the army, a command that should have been Baliens, he had plenty of time to research ways to take his unlucky cousin down. A decade ago he collected all the information he could find on poisonous plants and devoted his life to making sure they got into Nolens food. He had been poisoning his cousin since Nolen came to Anatoly City and had many advocates in the kitchens.
The foxglove caused irregular heartbeats and digestive upsets. The calla-lily swelled the mouth and throat. When Balien was feeling devious, a little extra kept Nolen on the privy for hours. His favorite was the nutmeg, causing nausea and memory lapses, but the trick was masking the taste. The Mistress of the Kitchens blended the distinct flavor with cinnamon.
He was sure the Prince would not know the difference between either spices.
Nolen and his mother thought the dusty air of the City provoked his ailments, so the Prince often went on hunting trips or visited Castle Jaden. Even then he always brought a few flasks of tainted wine with him and never fully recovered. Balien knew he would have to flee or murder his cousin if the man found out, for the Mage would certainly kill him.
Balien smirked. Nolen would have to catch him first.

Chapter 4
The ax in Gabriels hands swung high before slamming into the fallen trunk. The shock sent vibrations through his arms, and the sun beat down on his bare shoulders in the copse where the pines offered little shade. He pried the ax loose and swung it again, uttering a guttural grunt as the wedge struck home. The tree was still a little green, and it did not want to yield. Had Gabriel wanted, he could have split the tree with an Earth sapling-snap pattern, but there was something rich about doing it himself.
He had grown into a man since Robyn came to his manor, standing three inches over six feet with a much broader torso and legs longer than his fathers. His hair, once cut short, grew out in black waves brushing his collar. It tightened to ringlets when wet. His once smooth hands toughened with the work of commoners, and his muscles honed under the labor of maintaining the cottage. It was not hard work, but it was never the work he expected.
Putting a boot on the trunk, he pushed until the desired piece dislodged. He could not see the cottage he called home, but he knew the lay of the land well enough to know he was safe. That, and he had ample trip-wire wards set around if someone stepped too close. No one ventured up this far from town though.
He stacked the wood in one arm and wiped the sweat from his face on his discarded shirt. Autumn was almost on them, but this far from the Gray Mountains it was not yet cold. He passed a few trees with changing leaves as he strode, entertained by the vibrant colors.
The cottage came into sight through the pines: a handsome little structure with three rooms and a stone hearth. It was broken down when he found it, but with a few Earth patterns, he fixed it up snugly. A few chickens and geese pecked in the ground behind it, and a single goat stood tethered not far off.
He set the wood on the pile out back and brushed himself off as he turned to look at the back door. She stood waiting for him. She, with her boy-slim figure, golden mantle of hair, sharp eyes on a heart-shaped face, and pert lips on a little chin.
Princess Robyn had grown into a lovely woman. If ever there was one, he thought. She was as well read as any scholar, skilled in debate and politics, and smart enough to know how to read a person from tiny expressions. With a fierce glance and confident posture, she could silence a room, and with a laugh and well controlled smile, she could make every eye follow her. Dancing lessons taught her to be graceful, diction told her how to speak, experience showed her how to be lovely, but archery taught her the strength and assurance she could never learn in a palace.
How nice of you to greet the day, he stated in a smooth tenor and dusted his hands off.
I have nothing better to do with my mornings, I might as well sleep through them, she replied. She wore her usual garb since leaving Urima Manor: leggings, tall boots, blouse and tunic, or sometimes a vest. Today it was a green tunic with no embroidery. They could not afford to look highborn while on the run.
I have needs, Robyn.
She barked a laugh. You really cant find anything to eat by yourself? She disappeared into the darkness of the cottage and emerged a moment later. We have eggs.
They arent cooked, are they?
She folded her arms under her breaststhe part of her slim figure that was anything but boyishand set him with a glare. He could not help but grin, and she vanished back into the house again.
Why dont we go into town today? he posed. Were low on oil and flour and by the stars I could use a good hot meal. An egg hurled through the door, and Gabriel ducked in time, knowing from experience it was no good trying to catch it. The inn might have a good minstrel playing, and you could find yourself a gentleman to dance with.
There are no gentlemen out here, she sighed as he stepped in the cottage. His frame darkened the small room that sat between two bedrooms. But perhaps I will be lucky.
Let me start the fire for you.
Dont you think its time we start making our way back to Anatoly City? she asked, having long ago adopted speaking in contractions. The fire came to life in his hands, and he set out a pan on the grate above it.
Its not safe yet, he replied. I really dont want you there any sooner than you have to be. You remember what Lady Mage Aisling wrote.
Yes, Robyn replied. Kilkiny Palace was unsafe as ever, though that was nearly two years ago.
I hesitate putting your life in unnecessary dangerare we really out of bacon? he asked, rifling through a few clay crocks.
I told you we had eggs. I included nothing else in my inventory.
Woman, youll kill me before I can get you on the throne. I hope that satisfies you.
She chuckled. Calm down. There are a few biscuits and some dried fish in those pots.
If I wasnt sworn to protect you he trailed off, shaking his head, and grabbed a handful of biscuits.
She cracked the eggs over the pan, listening to the sizzle. Id like to stay here, she said quietly.
Gabriel leaned against the river-rock hearth. We would be safer if we kept on the road.
She straightened, and her eyes flared for a moment. There was much of the self-entitled Princess left in her, though years outside of the palace had killed some of it. What dangers are there out here? she asked, doing her best to keep her voice stemmed. What exists that you cannot fight?
He regarded her thoughtfully. Its not me I worry about. He brushed the crumbs of his biscuit into the fire. People knew you were at Urima.
You have no proof, she corrected. Cordis could have disappeared for any reason. For all we know, he could be back in Urima waiting for us.
Gabriel stared off into the flames, and for an instant they gave a little jump. He isnt.
She did not wish to argue, so she gave a small nod of respect and left him to his fire.
We can stay, he replied after a while. She smiled broadly with twinkling eyes. Weve only a month or two before you need to return to Anatoly City anyway.
Ive not forgotten, she pulled the eggs from the pan and looked at him. These were supposed to go on those biscuits you just ate.
Oh, I couldnt. Im too full, he replied, putting a hand on his stomach as he made for the back door.
My first declaration as Queen will have you publically flogged.
Youll have to catch me first, he called from outside before dunking his head in their rain barrel.
He knew his father was not waiting for them at Urima Manor. Cordis had set out on his yearly trip to Anatoly City in late spring, but a month later Gabriel received a note from Lady Mage Aisling saying Cordis never arrived and suspected foul play. She advised them to leave Urima and seek shelter elsewhere, so Gabriel gathered Robyn and supplies and left the next morning. No word had been heard from his father since.
They lived off the land since then, finding abandoned cottages and masquerading as cousins, brother and sister, or lovers wherever they went. They changed their appearance in every stay. This time, Gabriel wore his hair long, and she dyed hers brown. No one ever got the full story from them, so no one could trace their origins.
He pulled his head out to see Robyn standing beside him. He slicked his hair back. Yes?
Will I be riding into town?
Sure, if you want, he replied. If you can find a horse, and he dunked his head back under. She kicked him in the back of his thigh. He splashed at her but missed.
When Cordis went missing, Gabriel vowed to be Robyns sole protector, and while there were other things he could be doing, like studying at Castle Jaden, he would not have traded this life for another. He watched over her since she arrived at his manor and saw himself as her protector for quite a while, yet never put a name to it. There was a certain peace having no worries or pressures other than the heiress safety. It wasnt like she couldnt protect herself either. She was dangerously accurate with a bow.
He pulled his head out again and swung his hair back and forth until it was mildly dry.
I drink out of that, Robyn sighed as she walked passed, toting a few items for trade at the market.
Im flavoring it.
Gathering clothes nice enough for an evening at the inn, which was the most excitement they got nowadays, Gabriel shoved them in her satchel along with a pair of cleaner boots. She emerged from her room rubbing brown dye into her hair, dressed in a long green dress divided for riding. He flicked a hand in her direction, latching onto the earthen foxroot dye with a green Earth pattern, and pulled it through her hair much like a comb. He preferred the natural color of her dark gold hair, but her safety was more important than his preferences.
For a moment he saw her gaze flick over him, lingering on his torso, but she averted her eyes quickly and she braided up her hair. He smiled inwardly. Oh, did you finally notice me? he wondered. She affixed a full quiver and unstrung bow to the top of the pack before slinging it around her shoulders.
Ready, she smiled and fixed him with waiting eyes.
He gave a nod and laid the complicated patterns. Thin white threads pulled from the center of his chest, and he speedily crossed some while intertwining others and twisted a few to bind the whole pattern together. The cloth-pattern was simple and manipulated fibers in a fabric to break and refasten. The second pattern was far more complex and impossible for a low-Classed Mage.
He fueled the two patterns and reached his hands out to fall to them. Before he hit the ground, his entire body transformed to a massive tiger. It was painless, though a little uncomfortable, as his knees bent the wrong way and a tail wrenched from him. But he had spent so much time in the form that it was as normal as human skin. Not quite as tall as a horse but just as long, he liked the form, for it was imposing. He looked up at her, the bright blue of his eyes the only part that remained the same. His shoulders came up to her chest, and she had long ago learned how to vault herself up on them and sit properly. She became so skilled at riding a large cat that she nearly forgot how to ride a horse.
Any educated person knew tigers were not indigenous to Anatoly, and he stood out as an anomaly. Years ago he had manipulated the pattern to change the colorings. Research in the great Madison Library of Jaden showed him there were many kinds of tigers, from tawny to white to deep red. His favorite was the golden tiger. Its orange coloring muted, dark gold replaced the black stripes, and it had more ivory to its legs, belly, and chest. It was the largest of the tigers ever reported, but Gabriels transformation was larger than a stout pony. By changing the colorings, a man would think him to be a mountain cat indigenous to Anatoly unless he got close enough to see the faded stripes.
Gabriel stretched forward in one swift motion as only cats are capable. Robyn took the opportunity to sling a leg over his shoulders. He discovered the ancient body-manipulation pattern when he trained with the Mages in Jaden before his Classing. While there were a few other animal patterns, his favorite was the tiger, and he learned no other manipulation.
It was one of the many perks of a Spirit Mage.

Chapter 5
Mage Prince Nolen spurred his mount into a canter and sat up on Shibalers shoulders. The dapple gray destrier lathered at the mouth and under the saddle, but he would carry Nolen until he dropped if his master asked. The three day journey had taxed the steed to his limit, but Shibaler kept his pace though each step sent a jolt of pain up Nolens backside. The sun had almost set over the Gray Mountains, but they would arrive before it vanished completely. He told his mother he was heading to the sea in the east, but he was far from the ocean here in the foothills of the west.
Nolen did not think himself a bad person, just a man who knew what he wanted and how to get it. Getting his way was something he excelled at; something his father taught him. For the better part of four years, Nolen had been trying to take the throne from his mother. He knew he could rule better, but at each turn her vigilant lackey Aisling rebuffed him. She knew the law better than he. Only Queens ruled, and though their husbands were given the title King, it was simply a title. He could claim the throne only if there were no female heir. However, if he was able to force his mother off with a terrible display of power and fear, he could usurp her and change the laws. If it meant the throne, he would do whatever it took. So far it had taken him on the path to Castle Jaden.
Castle Jaden sat above him in the cleft of two mountains, honed from the dark gray rock and half-built into it. She was constructed nearly 3,500 years ago, back in the Second Age. She had every modern amenity one could think of, from self-replenishing oil lanterns to plumbing.
Jaden was a self-sufficient city set behind an unbreachable wall, home to thousands of Mages. Should the castle ever be besieged, she had everything she needed to survive indefinitely.
For several hundred miles east laid their farmlands, tended by Earth Mages and farmers, making Jaden a separate kingdom. She bought her freedom from Anatoly Ages ago and was ruled by the Head Mage, along with his Secondhand, to make a rich, cultured kingdom. Jaden had everything, from her own vineyard to a small reservoir and was known for her rich soil and lack of poverty.
Nolen gathered Shibalers head and eased his eager canter. The destrier recognized the area and was ready to be done.
Castle Jadens true appeal was her safety. Thousands of wards were set into the stone to keep it from crumbling with age or attack. Anti-burn patterns laced through the wood, and a few Air patterns kept the wind from blowing too hard in the mountain crags. Any arrow shot above her walls bounced off an unseen barrier, but anything thrown from the walls would not be hindered. The massive redwood gates were wide enough to let six carriages pass through, and taller than five stories. The only way to open them was with Air and Earth Mages. Every general knew attacking her would be fruitless.
Nolen often had guards accompanying him, but this time he wanted to be alone; that, and his digestion had been rather unpredictable of late. The gates loomed over him, flanked by two lit towers, and patrolled by Earth and Air Mages. He slowed Shibaler to a walk as he approached and fell within the rings of light
Ho! a distant voice called. Be ye Mage or man?
Nolen flicked his hand, drawing gray strings from his chest to form a small stilling-pattern that calmed the air around him. Any Mage could see anothers patterns, so it was easy to distinguish a Mage. Nolen heard the herald call for the gate to be opened, and with a great groan, one side buckled outward enough for him to enter.
He kept the hood of his black Mage cloak up as he entered and headed Shibaler towards the livery. Each Mage cloak was bequeathed on the day they received their title and Class. Stylized Elemental emblems embroidered the right breast of the cloak, from the forked red hooks of Fire to the white pointed star of Spirit. His bore a double spiral twisting away from itself, representing Air.
Mages in their own black cloaks milled about the courtyard, some heading to hop houses for a pint and a little dancing while others sauntered their way home from their shops.
Nolen delivered his steed to a boy too young to be given a Class and handed him a silver square to wash and feed Shibaler. The air this high in the mountains was dry and chilly, and a faint wind was blowing up from the foothills. Nolen tucked further back into his cowl. He hated the cold, and it constantly plagued his thin skin.
His rooms were in the east wing, often called the Lodge, but most well known as the Head Mages Tower. It was more of a large cylindrical construction than a tower, with dozens of lit windows and a large balcony where the Head Mage addressed his people. It held hundreds of people in past Ages and bore the best rooms reserved for those closest to the Head Mage, mainly his Council and any other respected names.
The oak double door opened silently, and he slipped inside. The large roaring hearth in the foyer instantly greeted him with warmth. In a style popular Ages past, crimson carpets, exposed oak, and hanging lanterns decorated the interior giving it a rustic feel and thus dubbed the Lodge.
A few Mages conversed in the couches before the fire. They paid him no mind as he climbed the stairs to his floor, feeling the smooth banister under his gloves. Nolen had been given his fathers old rooms after Mage Tabor was exiled for selling Anatolian secrets to the Shalabane. The rooms were worthy of a king with a lovely sitting room, an expansive entertaining room, and a lavish bed chamber.
The hour was still too early for his business, so he refreshed himself from the trip in a hot bath and allowed himself a nap. When he awoke, the castle was quieting down. He sat there for some time, staring at the space between his boots and wondered if he was making the right decisions. His conscious kept reminding him he had duties greater than himself, and this was the only way to fulfill them.
What makes a villain? he thought. Is it a man who does what he knows is wrong for the betterment of others, or is a man born with malicious intent? A hero does what he knows is right for the benefit of others, so truly there is little difference in the two. He scrubbed a hand down his face and looked out the black window. Can I call myself hero doing what I know will aid myself but could harm others? Do I have a choice?
Everyone knew his mother was unfit to rule, and with his cousin Princess Robyn lost to the years, there was no fit heir to take the throne from Queen Miranda. Nolen had to do this for the betterment of Anatoly.
He gave himself another few hours to debate with his conscious until he was certain it was past midnight, and he slipped out of his rooms.
The place he sought was well protected and feared. The codices and scrolls he found in Kilkiny Palace were not helpful in locating it, and he would not dare search the Madison Library in Jaden, so he pieced together stories he remembered as a child and scraps of parchment to form a conclusion. He headed towards Westerly Motte, once a singular structure that bridged with the other buildings as the castle grew. Now it appeared as a massive hall laced with catacombs and dark passages. It was the most unused buildingbesides the vacant bed chambers in the northern hallswhich gave Nolen reason to deduce he was on the right path.
He laid a muffle-pattern around his boots as he wound his way through the dim passageways that would take him to the older building. At this hour most lights had turned down, and even the lanterns in the hallways burned dimly, never fully going out. The Lodge connected to Westerly Motte through one dark passageway built underground. It smelled of the same wet essence caves bore, reaffirming Nolens heading. Anyone who frequented the passage would have it cleaned, but the unsmoothed steps told enough.
There was nothing in the codices and scrolls that detailed how well the room was guarded or if by Mage or ward. It simply stated that it was guarded, so he came prepared for both. The muffle-pattern kept the echo of his boots from bouncing around the halls, and as he strained his ears he heard only his rhythmic breathing. He was convinced it was so loud it would wake the Head Mage.
Something tapped up ahead, echoing twice down the halls, and Nolen stopped, his heart catching in his throat. He drew gray strings of Air from his chest and wove them into a pattern to sense if air constantly pushed and pulled from a breath. He moved the invisible pattern carefully, hearing his heart beat in his chest as he waited for the alarm to sound his arrival. A dozen yards away, he felt the pattern shiver, and he blinked rapidly as he swallowed back his nerves. He was a Prince of Anatoly and would not let this overpower his self-control.
As much as he could tell, two souls breathed nearby, one steady and the other shallow. Nolen trained enough in his Element to know what the breath of a sleeping person felt like. At least one slumbered.
Under the cover of the muffle-pattern, he inched along the wall and held his breath. Surely, surely any moment the man would hear or feel his energy and sound the alarm. The closer Nolen stepped, the louder every step and breath seemed, but the man did not move. The Prince laid a rod pattern of Air into his hand while keeping the other free to lay any last-minute attack. He was not a strong Mage by old standards, and holding a third pattern would put him at his limit. At this stage it was win or be exposed, and he was not about to lose. Nolen never lost at anything.
Mallin, wake up, a man with a husky voice whispered. Nolen stopped and calmed his racing heart. I heard something. Can you feel movement nearby?
A Spirit Mage. Nolen firmed his resolve. Since Spirit Mages could feel the energy of people around them, it was nearly impossible to sneak up on one. It was now or never.
The breathing souls were tucked into a hall shaped in a T. Releasing his breath, Nolen spun to face them. He surveyed the scene in a half-second, spying two men: one standing against a wall, and the other seated not far away. Both dressed in black to blend with the stone. Fire Mage, Nolen thought as he brought the rod of Air up and snapped the Mages head back. His teeth clicked as he hit the wall hard, crumpling to the ground with half a red pattern formed in his hands.
The other man, the sleeping Spirit Mage, flung a web of loose threads at Nolens chest as he scrambled to his feet. Spirit patterns were notoriously difficult to escape, and Nolen bent back at an awkward angle, narrowly avoiding the glittering white pattern. Regaining his balance, he brought the rod down on the mans head as he released another Spirit pattern. It struck Nolen in the leg, but by the time it made contact, the Spirit Mage was down. The pattern burned into Nolens leg, singeing cross-hatched lines. His trousers flaked away at the thigh, and he slapped them to stop the smolder before realizing that was not the best way to handle a burn wound. He barked out a cry, but suddenly snapped his lips shut. There could still be Mages down here waiting for an attack.
The Spirit Mage had seen his face. With a pinch of reluctance, Nolen knew he had to kill the men to save his skin. There is no going back. Grizzly business, but Nolen would see them dead before him. Both men died silently.
His hand came away from his thigh with lines of blood, but he had no way of healing himself and so pressed forward. Lifting the naked candle, he searched for the door he needed. There was no mistaking it now; he was most assuredly in the right place.
He found the door at the end of the dark, forgotten hall. It was made of a sturdy metal and indeed locked, but Nolen felt the keyhole with his Air Element and found it was a simple lock. With enough pressure, he pushed the lock loose, and it screeched opened. Adrenaline raced as he threw out a muffle-pattern, hoping to catch the sound waves before they reached the end of the hall.
It was well known that the Head Mage and his Council wore rings connected to different parts of the castle, so if a ward was tripped, they would know. However, Nolen carried a rare treasure to ensure his success. In the hem of his trousers, pressed against his skin was a medallion he had gone to great lengths to procure. After countless rumors and more than one false lead, he found it in a collection of ancient relics owned by the Duke of Iosburg.
The medallion was little more than a round coin with its center punched out and its edges ribbed. It felt as old as it lookeda relic from the Second Age when the land used different coinage. When the coin made skin contact, the bearer could unravel patterns and dispel wards. Any prevention the Mages of old took to keep this hall closed was for naught. It had taken some time to prove the relic was the real Medallion of Unwind, as its creator Arch Mage Pike Bronwen called it, but after Nolen passed through the wards of Castle Jaden without alerting the vigilant Council, he knew its authenticity. Nolen had even used it a few times to pass through the wards protecting the coin vaults of Kilkiny Palace.
There is no going back, Nolen reminded himself, a mantra he developed on his way here. Perhaps I should think myself a bad person.
The hall took several turns and flights of stairs that wound him deeper into the rock. The air became colder. He expected to find another soul in the catacombs, but no sound reached him but for the occasional drip of water that puddled the floors the farther down he went. On his last turn, he spotted his destination. A deep cavern with a slender path led to a simple door that was undoubtedly heavily warded on both sides. But as Nolen approached, nothing terrible befell him. Putting a hand on the ancient latch, he unlocked the four bolts set into each side and pulled it open.
His candle gave a shutter as air sucked into the room. For a moment he thought it would die and leave him trapped in the belly of the mountain, but the light held. Catching a stale breath, he stepped into the warded room.
He could see nothing, not even the edges of the expanse, but to his true horror he felt the ever-pulsing flame of his Element vanish.
He instinctively took a step back outside the room and felt his Air Element rush back to him as if it never left. Any good palace or castle had a similar room with incanted stones that blocked the Elements. It was an excellent way to unnerve and distract a Mage.
He moved forward, listening to his bootsteps echo through what sounded like a tall room. All was silent, but for him, and he wondered if he had erred horribly, but then he saw a pair of boots come into the circle of light. Raising the candle, he revealed a man.
The man stood still with his eyes closed, seemingly in a trance. Even his breast failed to rise and fall. His skin was so pale it looked dead in the flickering light, and the hollows of his eyes were dark. He was of average height, a good five inches shorter than Nolen, with deeply-set eyes, a square jaw, and a large straight nose. His brown hair banded back and fell to his slender shoulders. He dressed in breeches and stockings, wearing a coat with a hundred buttons up the side of the chest, and a mountain of lace spilling from his throat and wrists. The clothing was Age-old, and looked as though it may flake off if touched.
Nolen had heard stories of this man as far back as he could remember. The man was a legend in the Mage world, and even educated non-Mages whispered his story to their children. Class Ten Mage Ryker Slade was reportedly as mad as he was powerful, and stories of his power were enough to frighten even the Head Mage. Nolen knew the stories well. Cunning and skilled with a magnetic personality, he drew people to him; people he lured to their deaths. It was told he killed his followers to fuel his Excellyon that stored Mage energy. He was known for his sick pleasures, and though the stories were exaggerated with every tongue, they had to stem from some truths.
He did not look so dangerous standing there peacefully, but Nolen knew better. He looked as though he stepped out of a painting, dressed in the old fashioned clothing with its garish colors. Even the panes of his face looked touched with a painters flattering hand, for Ryker had no wrinkles.
Around the Mages neck hung a diamond-shaped silver medallion set with four large sapphires. Nolen knew in an instant the object was the legendary Excellyon. Of the five that had been made, this was the only one reported to still exist. The only thing that kept Ryker in his hibernated state was the Excellyon fueling a pattern lost to the Ages. The pattern kept Ryker protected from death after all these countless years.
Rumors in codices said the room was a mirage; it was not what it appeared and had patterns built into the stones to befuddle the captive. It looked safe to Nolen, though he thought it seemed a little larger than a room should be. Tomes and books said many things about Ryker, but he searched for what they omitted. Nolen had spent countless hours in Madison Library of Jaden studying the Excellyon. Rumor said Head Mage Casimir had an Excellyon, whispers said one was hidden somewhere in Castle Jaden, but everyone suspected the rest were lost to history. The well-educated of Jaden knew that the Arch Mages hibernated many times, skipping across generations; however, the codices omitted the way to stop the hibernation.
Ryker was protected by the Excellyon and could not be killed or woken while wearing it. Mages throughout the years sought to wake and kill him, but the mere idea of such a feat was so chilling that few people had tried. Some tried drowning him, but the water evaporated; others tried fire but it wove around him and vanished with a glow. When an Air Mage tried to draw the oxygen from the room, the room broke free a stone to draw air in elsewhere. Nolen saw the gaping black space in the wall where a triangular stone should have been.
There was precious little information on attempts to wake Ryker, and Nolen suspected the information he sought resided in the Head Mages private library if it existed at all. One man tried to superheat the metal chain to break it. Another Mage tried to slip it over his head to find the chain too short. Someone padded the metal so it would not make physical contact with Ryker. Another tried to unclasp the chain, but she was shocked with such energy it removed her senses and left her unable to perform any task.
But Nolen had the Medallion of Unwind, and he would not be so foolish to come this far without a plan. If his reasoning was accurate, the medallion would bend back the Excellyons protection and allow him to unclasp the chain. That, or it would shock him and leave him dying on the floor.
He stepped forward until he was nearly pressed up against the man, hoping the medallion was working. He reached a hand out, knowing he had one last chance to change his mind. He laced his hands around the chain and ran it through his fingers feeling for the clasp. Pieces of lace flaked from Rykers clothes. The clasp secured, Nolen slid a thumbnail into the catch and snapped it loose with a pinched look.
Whatever wards protected the Excellyon bended around the Medallion of Unwind, and the lock unsnapped silently, leaving Nolen unharmed. He exhaled with a tight, choked sound bordering on a relieved laugh.
At first there was only silence, and Nolen strained in the dim light to hear any sign of life. Was there a chance Ryker had died years ago and the Excellyon kept him standing? Just when Nolen was beginning to fear the worst, Ryker took in a breath.
My lord, you have awoken, Nolen said softly as to not startle the man.
Rykers eyes popped open and met Nolens instantly. They were dark, and the skin around them crinkled as he frowned.
Y, Ryker whispered, his voice hoarse and dry. Y best have a good reason par waking me. He spoke with a strange smooth accent, using a dialect lost to the Ages.
I am Mage Prince Nolen Novacula, and I am here to free you.
Ryker looked around and gave his shoulders a little roll.
T what end? he finally asked. As his tongue loosened, his words became more fluid.
What end do we all want?
Power, I imagine, Rykers voice gained some strength. Answer mine question.
I need your help securing the throne of Anatoly.
Ryker gave him a suspicious look and made a clicking sound with the inside of his cheek. Par yourself?
Nolen nodded.
What year is this? Have the Queens of Anatoly fallen?
It is 4152, and no, the Queens still rule the Eagle Throne. Ryker said nothing, and Nolen realized he had not fully answered the first question. All I ask is for your help with the throne, and in turn I will ally Anatoly to your cause.
Mine cause, Ryker repeated and gave a small smirk. Tell me boy, who sits the Head Mage Seat?
Class Six Mage Casimir Brynmore, a Spirit Mage.
Rykers cool face brightened as his eyebrows rose. A Class Six? Are y having a laugh? Aye, what luck Ive found mineself in. So boy, t what end will the throne take y?
I want it for power.
Aye, I realized. But why do y want power? Every man wants power par a reason. Y best be truthful with me. He had a commanding voice, and with his frequent use of eye contact Nolen could tell why people were drawn to him. He could not help but want to answer.
My sister, Nolen replied, the truth spilling from lips. He once swore to himself he would tell no one why he thirsted for power, but the man had a hold over him. My twin, whom I love dearly, was sent away years ago, and I have no answers why. With power we could be reunited.
The royals still take kin t marriage then?
Nolen frowned. No, that was done away with long ago.
Ryker regarded him with a calculating look. Tell me of the Mages.
Nolen looked somber. Class Ten, Nine, Eight and Sevens are extinct. We hardly hold onto Class Sixes. It is rare to wield more than one Element, and we have lost much pattern knowledge as we grow weaker.
Ryker nodded thoughtfully and looked at the difference in their clothes before grimacing. Y have gumption waking me, but as y did it in a good Age I shant kill y. He made another clicking sound with his cheek and sized Nolen up. Right, boy, here are mine terms. I want something of Ages past, and if y get it for me I will fetch y the Anatolian throne. He paused and brushed a cobweb from the back of his hair. I want the Silex. It was taken from me long ago, ac if y truly want your throne, y will find it par me.
The Silex fell out of knowledge Ages ago. Nolen knew little of the fabled object, and each story did not quite match the next. Some say Ryker created it, others said it existed long before they did. Nolen believed it was an object that bestowed Class Ten powers in every Element to anyone it touched.
Aye, it was taken from me, but it is ne an object what goes missing without someone knowing its location. Y find that par me. I warrant it will be protected, so take the strongest Mage y have t dispel the wards round it. How did y get down here? Is this place ne warded?
Nolen reached behind his trouser hem and pulled out the Medallion of Unwind. He tossed it to Ryker with a flick of his thumb. He recognized it instantly, playing his finger in and out of the center hole through the patterns within, and his dark eyes flicked up. How far away is the exit?
Nolen looked behind him as if it would help answer the question. It took me several minutes to arrive, he replied.
Unwind has a limit on her. We best hurry.
Nolen turned to the door and stopped abruptly. It was gone. His mouth worked silently for a breath and sent a bewildered look to Ryker.
Do ne be alarmed, the man stated, taking a wobbly but dignified step forward. Its an old Void illusion pattern what keeps the door hid.
The fear of being trapped underground swelled in Nolen, but he maintained his calm long enough to brace both hands on the wall. He ran them back and forth looking for what his eyes would not see.
Ack! Ne, its something else. Ruddy Earth Mages meddling with what ought ne be meddled. He made a clicking noise in his cheek and paced the room. It took him precious little time to cross it, and Nolen realized to his horror that the room shrank. No longer was it a vast cavern but now a common dungeon cell.
Y betray your feelings, princeling, Ryker murmured as talking to himself. Nolen put a hand against his chest to still his breathing, his heart racing within. He stooped and ran his hand against the wall-and-floor joint and found the triangular void where the rock popped loose hundreds of years before. The stone still lay at Rykers feet.
Ryker gave Nolen a curious look, as if he debated something, then his face smoothed and he nearly shrugged. Come, he stated and extended a soft hand. Nolen was drawn to it and seized it. Behind them the candle sputtered and casted haunting shadows across the small room.
Ryker tightened his hand and pushed it as far into the hole as he could. A look of rapture smoothed his creased features. In the blink of an eye, Rykers hair became stark white and rose as if lifted in an unseen wind. When he moved his eyes to Nolens face, the Prince saw they too were as white as new cotton. The image nearly made him release his grip and jump back, certain the man was a specter returned from the dead, but something kept his grip fast.
In a moment the dark room suddenly became white where it should have been black, and dark where the candle rested its light. Non-Mages were often wary and sometimes frightened by the unusual power Mages bore, and for a moment Nolen knew their fright. He blinked at the afterimage and snapped his head back and forth, all semblance of control lost. The room vanished swiftly and replaced by a white hall that rushed about them, making Nolen loosen his grip on Rykers hand. Faint figures moved in the corners of his vision while the landscape was blurred and unfocused. As soon as he gathered his bearings, they moved, or he moved; it was uncertain. This form of transportation was power unknown, and he suspected that if he never studied or heard of it, it could not be safe.
Ryker tightened his grip. Y dont want t be doing that. The trip through the afterimage world lasted seconds, and as quickly as it began, it was over.
Nolen blinked as the world became black again. Wherever they were now, it was void of light. That felt good, Ryker whispered and snapped his fingers around a collection of white strings, creating a ball of light above his fingertips. The light grew to illuminate the hallway Nolen had come down, chasing the darkness back.
Make your way, princeling. Ryker nodded to the hall. Nolen searched the mortar and stones for recognition unsure where Ryker moved them, but he would be damned if he appeared uncertain in front of an Arch Mage. The mans title made Nolen smile as he stepped out. An Arch Mage, alive in my time.
Who is the strongest Mage the world has? Ryker asked as he followed.
Nolen shook his head a little. Arconia has a few more Class Sixes than we do. He wiped a hand across his brow. Though, someone once told me there was a rogue Class Ten out there.
Ryker made the clicking noise in his cheek. Y mighta mentioned that before. How do y come by this information?
A man claiming to be his father told me, Nolen replied. But there is no evidence.
Nolen stopped short when a crippling pain shot up his leg, through his spine, and into the base of his skull. He crumpled to the stones with a gasp, searching for an explanation. An attack from the Arch Mage was logical, and he remembered he no longer held the Medallion of Unwind.
Damn wards, Ryker muttered above him. We didnt shift far enough. Thatll sound the alarm. He gripped a rough hand to the small of Nolens back and made a twisting motion that drew a shuttering gasp of pain from Nolen. As soon as the man pulled back, the pain vanished.
Nolen staggered to his feet before Ryker took a fistful of his coat. Listen, princeling, I hibernated t avoid the Class Tens, ac if one still exists, he is your problem, ac one youll need t remove. His grip loosened, and he looked away. Though, if y get your hands on him, it would save me the trouble of fetching the Silex. He met Nolens alarmed eyes. Y find him, ac I will help y keep him, then y bring me mine Silex, aye?
Aye, Nolen replied, his stony, princely training taking over his emotions. Yes.
Good. Does anyone know youre here? Did y bring a horse what can be recognized?
Yes.
Far down the hall, the faint sound of running boots met their ears.
Is the livery unchanged? Ryker asked and grabbed Nolens arm. His eyes and hair became white again. Nolen shut his lids this time as Ryker moved them without moving. The bootfalls vanished, and the unscented still air suddenly changed to the aroma of hot horse and hay. His ears filled with the familiar sounds of a stable as horses ground meal and shifted in their stalls. Nolens eyes flew open as Ryker released him, and he found himself in the livery. Somehow, Arch Mage Ryker moved them from Westerly Motte, across the courtyard, and into the stables in the span of a breath. How far a distance can one travel this way?
Ryker maintained the frightening look of white hair and eyes, his hair wafting in an unseen wind around the loose ends.
You must explain how you do that. Nolen whispered, his racing heart smoothing its rhythm.
Find your horse, ac well leave. I can drop y halfway t Kilkiny Palace, so they wont suspect y. Ryker drew threads of Spirit from his chest and laid them in the familiar cloth-pattern to alter his clothing. Rapidly, the threads of fabric melded and moved as if a child had its hand in paint and twisted to and fro.
Nolen scanned the horses for Shibaler, throwing tack on him and swinging into the saddle. Ryker finished with his cloth change, was now garbed in a short dark coat speckled with gold buttons, and long gray trousers. In their escape, the lace from his blouse disintegrated, but a reformed undershirt peeked from under the coat. Nolen had always envied Spirit Mages who could transform cloth in a moment. With it he could have stripped someone naked in a second, or dress Prince Balien in a gown faster than he could tear it off.
Ryker put a hand on his boot, and instantly Nolens vision once again changed to a blindingly bright world. The reeling sensation that his last meal may surface lingered. Shibaler gave a start, but Nolen reined him in to keep him steady. This time it took a minute before Ryker released him, and the sounds of crickets chirped his ears.
Autumn, Ryker whispered and drew in a fresh breath. In the moonlight he looked ghastly pale and wan, his skin paper-thin. Go on, princeling.
He vanished in a twist of blackness leaving Nolen to gather his surroundings. He heeled Shibaler east and wondered, What will be worse, finding a rumored legend Class Ten, or releasing one?

Chapter 6
Secondhand Lael of Castle Jaden had a strong reputation for being the model of calm, which was ideal for a man in a powerful position. Handling the Head Mages schedules, the Councils positions, and Jadens affairs were arduous and required a great deal of multitasking. But Lael managed them all and was often the face of Jaden when the Head Mage was occupied elsewhere. Lael was most often behind his desk with a stack of papers or an open book which he read in his down time. He had obtained a reputation for knowing everything, though that was far from the truth.
This was one of the few times in his career that, instead of bedding down with a tome, he ran through the halls of Jaden as if fire were on his tail. Fire would be better, he thought, skidding around a corner and slamming against a banister. There were footfalls behind him, but he was not being chased. He took the stairs two at a time, thankful for his youth. In all his days as Secondhand, he could never remember a moment of such urgency.
The ring around his middle finger had sent a jolt of warm pain up his arm as he slept, lurching him into the waking world, for somewhere a ward tripped. He wore more than one ring, and it took him a moment to sort through which ring pulsed an alert.
Lael burst through the doors to the Head Mages quarters. The large oval anteroom branched into two separate apartments and he headed towards the right, pushing through the door that led to a wide hall. He dashed through the long study, snatching a flame from the smoldering coals in the hearth, but Casimir was already awake in the study as he tied a robe around his waist.
I felt it pull, he said quickly. Who attempted it?
No attempt. Ryker Slade is gone, Lael replied breathlessly. The guards are dead. I just went down, and Ryker is gone.
The Head Mage took the news with the calm dignity his office required. Who else knows?
Councilman Galloway. Lael bent a little at the waist to breathe easier.
Assemble the Council at once. Tell no one else, or there will be mass panic. Do we have enough Class Sixes to sidestep?
Not in the castle.
Then send a rider to Lady Aisling and Queen ChallisI do not trust a pigeon with this information. Have someone bring Councilwoman Selene and Councilman Kieran in. Casimir gripped the edge of a small writing desk in the corner and sank into the accompanying chair. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
Lock up the gates. Admit and release no one until we can attain more information.
People will suspect something is amiss.
Yes, but they will have to be content for the time. We cannot keep a secret like this for long, and the sooner we can welcome Mages here for their safety, the better.
Provided Ryker is not still within our walls, Lael thought, knowing the Head Mage thought the same. Once people learned of the Arch Mages release, Mages would flock to the castle for protection. It was the safest place in the continentunless Ryker was still within the walls.
Casimir, what do we do if he attacks? Lael asked, his voice just above a whisper.
The Head Mage shook his head and smoothed back his white hair. I have said it once, and I will say it again: I need Mage Gabriel here with me. I have no time to spare, and I need him here all the more now. He is all we have to hold Ryker off.
Casimir had been searching for the boy for months now. Yes, but Ryker is legendary for being powerful, and he has years more experience than Gabriel.
Casimir shook. What gave Ryker his power were his elite four Arch Mages and the fear they brought with them. Strip that all away, and he is still just a man.
A man unusually powerful for his time, Lael inserted as Casimir strode to his dressing room. No one knows where Mage Gabriel is. Last word was he vanished after his father died.
Mage Cordis went missing, Casimir corrected. I do not know Mage Gabriels location, but Aisling may have remembered something since last we spoke. Send her a pigeon and ask for anything she may offer.
If we were to get word out of Ryker Slades awakening, Gabriel may come to us.
With a gaze of reckoning, Casimir met his Secondhands eyes. Let us do precisely that.

Chapter 7
Gabriel sat across from Robyn at a table in their back yard, basking in the afternoon sun with a mug of cold ale in one hand and a black tile in the other. Robyn peered at the black and white tiles before them, twirling one in her hand that was black on one side and white on the other. It was an old game of chance and strategy called Divided Kingdoms, or more simply, Tiles. Two players built a kingdom of black or white tiles, each with lines or circles that interlocked with other pieces. While Robyn played as the white kingdom, she could play a white tile on Gabriels black side and mess up his strategy. The two kingdoms of black and white interlocked in the center, and black was slowly gaining ground on her.
Robyn put a white piece with a right-angle line on it next to the wall he was building. His direction cut off, he gave a low huff. She was very good at the game; as well she should be if she wanted to be a good Queen.
She drew a new tile from the box and turned it over in her hand. She swirled her tea with the other, a habit she did subconsciously. Gabriel placed a black tile, trying to gain some ground.
You are going to lose, she said quietly, eyeing the board as she held the tile delicately between her thumb and index finger. Youre too focused on expanding and not defending.
I do it my way; you do it yours, he replied and swigged his ale.
That is why you lose.
He looked at the tiles again. The game ended when tiles ran out or when the player could no longer place one. The rules said tiles must be placed in sequences of forward then back, except when a tile was placed on the opponents board. She pointed to the piece in his hand.
You have to put that in a forward position, and you have none.
He grimaced. The last piece he played was on her kingdom, and rules said he had to now play on his own, but as she so correctly pointed out, he was out of spaces. He conceded and leaned back in his chair. What would you ask of me now?
She put a slender finger on her lip and looked up as if thinking, but he knew she already had a question. Since they never played the game for money, they decided long ago the winner would be allowed to ask one question, and the loser had to answer truthfully. A right dangerous game, Gabriel thought.
I cant decide, she sighed and tapped the finger. He knew this ploy too. She would play sweet and innocent, and he would let her ask two questions.
The eve is young. I am sure youll win another round, he replied with a grin. She hid her disappointment well, being one to usually have her way.
How many maidens have you kissed?
Gabriel choked on his drink and wiped his mouth with a sleeve. What kind of a question is that?
Ha! she exclaimed and pointed a finger at him. Answer it!
He brushed off the front of his shirt. Look what you made me do.
Answer it, or I get to ask another question.
Three, he replied. Each one prettier than you.
Oh, I dont think so, she grinned. Without a word, she collected the tiles, leaving the two red starter tiles, and put them back in the box. They began again, each tile carefully laid. He felt Robyns eyes on him as he thumbed a piece, planning his next move. He knew she wanted something more.
When I win this round, I want to hear the story of when you received your Class.
He smiled. If you win, and youve heard the story before.
Yes, but not in years. I heard bits of it when you returned, but that was nearly four years ago.
When I win, I will answer your question if you give me a massage, he said and flexed his fingers.
Then I will let you win, she quipped and put another piece on his side to form a road.
They played until the pieces ran out and tallied up the points: two for every finished castle, one for every road, army, settlement, forest, lake, and river larger than four tiles, and an extra two for every wall surrounding a castle. He won.
She stretched out her hands. What will it be today?
He rotated a wrist at her. Hands to the shoulders.
She nodded and gestured him to take his shirt off. He did gladly and draped it over his leg. Moving her chair, she took up one of his hands and began working on it. Before Gabriel turned sixteen, Mage Dagan whisked him off to Castle Jaden. They expected his training to be no more than two years, but three years later Gabriel returned with thousands of patterns in his memory and a physical toll on his body. The constant use of his hands left him stiff. If not loosened every few weeks, the strength of the Elements often knotted up his muscles. Robyns handler Beatrice taught the Princess everything she could about the body. When Gabriel returned from Castle Jaden, a Spirit Mage accompanied him. After Lady Beatrice accosted her in the hall and pleaded for her information, the older Spirit Mage taught Robyn the skills of massage.
She held his wrist in one hand and ran her thumb over his forearm, twisting the arm to get around his elbow. The muscles were tight, unwilling to release, but after enough passes they loosened. He winced every now and then.
The story, she prompted. And with details this time.
Right, lets see. It was four days before my twentieth birth anniversary.

A Mage prepared for their Classing as soon as they came into their Elements. It was usually after puberty, and it was never taken lightly. Once given by the Mage Council, a Class could never be changed. Their training was usually kept quiet to prevent bias, but the Council was full of intelligent men and women. They were not blind and usually knew a story or two before Classing the Mage, some having trained the Selects themselves. A Mage-Select spent years training and studying at Castle Jaden to absorb all the patterns they could to display their skills.
Gabriel traveled alone to Jaden, a two-day trip on a fast horse. His old Earth teacher Mage Dagan had been given a Council seat years before. Other than him, Gabriel did not know if the Council knew his full potential. It was important that each Mage-Select come to the Council unblemished and unbiased as to not sway the vote.
On the day of his Classing, he dressed in a pressed white shirt, a handsome black vest, long black trousers, and simple canvas shoes. Mage Aisling met him at his door. He knew her well, having seen her several times in his childhood and having spent much time with her when he trained in Jaden. She was a noble woman if ever there was one, and she had a lovely calm energy about her.
She wore a fine high-necked dress of white suede and blue velvet. Her hair pulled up in her signature twist, and she gave him a warm smile. They spoke as she led him to the testing room, explaining what to expect.
Be yourself, she told him, giving his arm a thoughtful squeeze, and she slipped through the doors to take her Council seat.
The doors opened with an Air pattern minutes later, and he stepped into the large circular room. Lit torches lined the walls, two water fountains bubbled to his sides, and numerous potted trees and plants stretched out their energy to his senses. The room had a large hole in the roof to give access to the winds, and the Council willingly let the Mage-Selects use their energy for Spirit manipulation.
In the center of the room, the ten Council Members and the Head Mage sat at a large oval stone table. Head Mage Casimir Brynmor was a kindly older man with a tightly-trimmed beard and full head of white hair. The smile lines around his eyes placed him well into his sixties, but his youthful personality made him seem younger. He was draped in the white Mage cloak reserved only for Head Mages and bore two thin white ribbons around his forehead, symbolizing the narrow path of the leader of Mages. He stood and gestured for Gabriel to stand at the opposite end of the table.
Welcome, Gabriel Lenis, Casimir greeted with a calm voice. You come to us today a Mage-Select, but you will leave with the title of Mage and a Class that befits you.
He pointed to the man on his right, a Class Five Fire Mage and Secondhand of Jaden, Lael. He was a man in his mid-thirties with brown hair slicked back with oil, narrow blue eyes, a straight jaw, and dark thin lips that were almost considered pretty for a man.
It is a pleasure to have you with us today, Lael said, a line that was undoubtedly rehearsed but sounded sincere.
To the Head Mages left sat a beautiful woman in a blue gown that hung off her shoulders. Her brown hair was unnaturally curled and fell over one shoulder. Her bright eyes fixed on Gabriel as her lips toyed a smile. Gabriel recognized her as well. Having seen her only once, her reputation as Queen Challis of Cinibar preceded her. Cinibar shared its northern border with Anatoly, and the kingdoms had been allied longer than anyone could remember. Queen Challis was also a Class Five Water Mage and must have been quite a magnificent woman to be Queen and a Council Member. She sat as the Head Mages scribe, his unofficial left-hand.
I am delighted to finally meet you face to face, she said with a deep, soothing voice.
The Head Mage took a moment to introduce the others, names Gabriel forgot but for a few, recognizing only Dagan and Aisling. Of them, there were only two with Classes above Five, and only two that wielded more than one Element. They all gave him polite smiles and greetings, dressed in fine garments befitting their status.
Casimir took his seat. Please begin when you are comfortable, and I will tell you when to finish.
Gabriel began with Earth, pulling green strings from his chest. He displayed speed at first, causing the plants to creep up the walls and drawing them back to their planters. To show accuracy he grew a cherry tree in the center of the table. It bloomed and dropped its petals. Before they could touch the ground, he killed and crumpled them, turning them into dust. He pulled around one arm and displayed a hardening cocoon-pattern. Letting the dust fall, he laid a Harlon-shot pattern and flung hardened balls of earth around the room with each stamp of his foot. There were other patterns he could not display to their full extent, some would cause the earth to ripple or stones to roll, but he gave a small taste to show he knew them.
Casimir called for halt. You have excellent control. Is there anything else you have for us to consider?
Yes, sir, there is, Gabriel answered, and to the great astonishment of the Council, he pulled blue threads from his chest, identifying him as a Water Mage. He drew from the clouds rolling outside and made it rain, catching the water before it landed on the Council but letting it fall on himself. He used a sapping-pattern to pull the water from his clothes and froze it into a spike on his arm. Slamming his arm into the table, the spike shattered shards into the air. He evaporated the flying shards before they could hit anyone. With permission he drew water from someones body, and returned it through the skin. He formed a small wave that ran around the room to sweep the floor and used a percolation-pattern to filter the water. He demonstrated a small cyclone and shot jets and ice balls before Casimir called for halt.
The Head Mage looked pleased, and the Queen to his left did nothing to hide her pretty smile. I see you take after your father, Casimir nodded.
Queen Challis straightened a little. Could you show us a Harrian-block pattern? Gabriel acquiesced, laying the pattern that froze the surface of water. Do you know the temperate-pattern? Again Gabriel wove the proper lines to prove he knew his material.
Excellent, Casimir nodded. If you will please leave us, you will be presented with your Class later.
Thank you, Head Mage, but I am afraid I am not finished. Gabriel said with a slight bow of his head. The room fell silent, embarrassed that Gabriel had either not understood his place or did not know the procedures.
The Head Mage hid any irritation he may have felt. Was there another pattern you wanted to show us?
No, my lord, not a pattern, Gabriel smiled.
Before the Council could process his words, he threw out his hand with a blue Water pattern and doused the flames of the torches on the walls, casting the room in darkness.
Can it be? a young woman whispered to his left.
He snapped his thumb and middle finger together, and from his digits a flame sprung before his face. A man at the table gasped, and Lael visibly gaped, but Gabriel only smiled. In his lifetime no Mage wielded three Elements, and he knew the amazement going through the Councils heads. It was enough to make his pride swell.
He let the flame spread over his body, incasing him in a fire that would never burn. He changed the flames from orange to blue, and shot them from his body before drawing them back in. While Earth was a solid Element that often involved using legs and feet in patterns, and Water required graceful arm and torso movements, Fire was a powerful Element that involved jarring movements of the arms and sharp jerks of the hands and torso.
He created a fire-whip and threw it around him. He stopped things from burning and charred other objects to unrecognizable shapes. Before Casimir called for cease Gabriel created small butterflies of fire that fluttered to the extinguished torches and relit them.
Casimir turned to Lael, the foremost expert in Fire, and waited for the man to regain his senses.
Uhstars, Lael muttered and straightened, adjusting his coat. Could I see that fire-starter pattern again? I never thought I would see it in my lifetime.
Gabriel laid the small pattern of only two red strings in both hands and snapped them to life. Do you know the deflection-pattern? Lael asked and drew from the flames in Gabriels hands, forming a small ball of fire. He tossed it at Gabriel who easily pushed it aside. Lael gave a nod. II have no more questions, he laughed.
Casimir gave Gabriel a proud fatherly smile. What a shame, he chuckled. I once heard you wielded Spirit. I would have liked to welcome another Spirit Mage to our ranks.
Gabriel slowly smiled. Raising a hand to the skies, he clenched his fist and drew it down sharply, accompanied by a blast of lightning that streaked from the darkening night sky and into his fingers. Chiaroscuro lightning flashed across his face. Half the people in the room gave a start, and not because of the sudden lightning.
Spirit was Gabriels favorite Element, and the one he knew the best. Spirit drew from the energy of people and animals. It had more versatility than the other Elements. As long as a living creature sat within a quarter mile of him, he could use their energy. With it he could destroy and heal, attack and defend. It was nearly as graceful as Water, but more solid, allowing him to stand still and make smaller movements with his hands.
For the Council he displayed his prowess in the Element, creating spears and discs of energy so compressed they shone with light. It could cut through anything but stone and metal. He changed the length of his clothes, wrapped cord around his body, and sank a delve-pattern into a person to feel for illness or breaks. He found one Councilwoman had an old fracture to her collarbone that had not healed and, with her permission, he re-broke and healed it quickly, stemming the pain with another pattern that held most of it back. He created a shield and changed its shape and size, as well as formed a vibration-pattern that held back sound energy.
Casimir sat dumbfounded in his chair. He did not bother to stop the show, so Gabriel chose when he would finish. He used his favorite pattern last. While holding a cloth-pattern, he laid the body-manipulation pattern and fueled them together. He fell forward onto his hands, and his body changed from human to tiger, dwarfing the large table.
Casimir leaned forward. That is the most powerful illusion-pattern I have ever seen.
Gabriel took several steps forward on the table so Casimir could touch him, and the old man gave a startled throaty sound. Others reached out to stroke his fur, and someone grabbed his tail. Gabriel jerked his head around to see Dagan with an amused look.
Casimir wiped his clammy brow. I he began, then lost himself and laughed, Can you change back or do you need a private room?
Gabriel smoothly changed back to his clothed human form. He sat back before the Head Mage and put his arms on his bent knees, breathing heavily. Councilwoman Adelaide with the mended collarbone poked him to make sure he was still not an illusion.
I never thought I would see a man of your skills at this table. Are you sure you are of this Age and not a legend? Casimir finally said.
He is as pretty as Dorian Lark, a grandmotherly woman with short white hair said to his left. No, the Arch Mage was blond, a handsome woman with black curls replied.
Aisling piqued up behind Gabriel. I assure you I have seen him grow up in this Age.
While the strengths and Elements of each Mage-Select are kept secret from me to avoid bias, I had heard rumors you were quite skilled and strong. You must train in healing with meI insist. Tell me, that re-breaking pattern you performed on Mage Adelaide, where did you learn such a thing? Casimir asked.
Gabriel thought back. I came up with it. I was healing an old bone one day and felt it would be right to add another string and loop it into the center, he said and displayed the pattern.
Mage Adelaide, a young woman who had a comely face and a long brown braid, laughed. Next you will be telling us you can fly!
Lael looked a little stunned. You just came up with this pattern? He looked at the Head Mage.
Casimir grinned. Have you done this before?
Gabriel nodded and snapped his fingers to create fire. He laid a small pattern that formed a flaming rose bud. As he widened his hand, it blossomed. Councilwoman Adelaide reached for it, and he handed it to her.
There are very few Creators in a generation, Casimir smiled. Those with the ability to create new patterns are always valued. There is but one man alive who has those same capabilities, Mage Malain in Aidenmar. I should like to send you to train with him.
I would welcome a tutor. Gabriel said.
Queen Challis peered at him thoughtfully. Why you, and why now? Why would you have so much power?
My father comes from the Age-old Lenis line, and while we were never prosperous, we were always strong. I do not know who my mother is, but I am told she was a powerful Spirit Mage and also had a strong Mage line.
How very unique that all these anomalies should come together in one person. Do you not think this marvelous, Head Mage?
I should say so, though Anomalies are not too uncommon in Mage societies. They are just far rarer now. I have read stories of three Creator siblings, of a Class Two being born to Class Ten Mages, and I have even heard of woman come into her Elements them when she was in her later years. Every Age has a few unique stories, and I am delighted to see this Age has one so early. Now, Gabriel, is there anything else you should like to tell us or show us?
No, Head Mage, Gabriel replied with a proper bow at the waist. I eagerly await your decision.

Gabriel finished his story with his head propped on his arms against the table. Robyn stood behind him, digging her thumbs between his vertebrae, having worked up both arms to his shoulders.
The rest you know, he mumbled and turned his head to better see her. I was presented with my Class, and I raced home to tell father.
Robyn smiled. I remember that day well. You walked right up to Cordis in the garden and proudly pronounced Class Five.
I did no such thing.
Ah, thats right. You declared Class Ten, and Cordis stared at you for a few moments before slumping over in his chair. When he came to, Ive never seen anyone so proud.
Gabriel smiled, remembering his fathers expressions. A Class Ten, in my line! Cordiss voice echoed in his memory.
And to think, youre my Class Ten, she joked.
I suppose I am, he replied after a moment.
You never told me the Lenis line was poor. You have a beautiful manor and rich land.
That was given to my father. Did he never tell you?
She made a guttural reply and pulled him forward so she could work on his collar bone. Her hands were hot on his skin and it took all his concentration to not concentrate on themresulting in ultimate failure. Urima Manor was given to my father after I was born. The Lenis bloodline, while rich with Elements, has not been prosperous since the Mage Wars when our lands and properties were destroyed.
Who gave you the Manor? she asked, slipping her fingers under his clavicle to make him wince.
Father never said, though I believe it was my mothers family, perhaps to keep him quiet. He replied and Robyn made no comment. I always wondered why father made sure I knew coupling was reserved for the marriage bed until I realized I must be a bastard.
Dont say such a thing! That is a term with such negative connotations.
What would you rather call it?
A man as powerful as you should never be referred to as a bastard.
I cannot change my bloodline, he offered.
I could pardon you.
He bent his head back and rested it on the chair so he could look at her. It seems it matters more to you than it does me.
She gave a nervous shrug and put on her queenly air. I do not want anything marring your name or hindering you. I should think when I become Queen and you are free to go, you will have a grand reputation as the first Class Ten in hundreds of years and
He put up a hand to stall her. Free to go? You think I am your captive?
No, she replied, a tinge of fluster to her voice. But you have so much power going to waste here.
He lifted his head and turned to face her, breaking free of her hands. Im here of my own volition because I care about your safety. My father and I agreed it would be best if a Class Ten protected you, but I was the one who asked for the duty.
She looked abashed. I always thought you were here because you had to be.
He stood and put his hands on her arms, looking down at her. She had always been petite, though she grew nearly as tall as his chest. I wanted to be with youas your protector. Just because you take the throne doesnt mean I will leave you. I will be your protector as long as you are in danger, so get used to me, kid. Youre not getting rid of me soon.
Her pert lips flattened to a quirky smile, and she slipped her arms around his waist, embracing him tightly. The gesture was so foreign he almost pushed her back, but he welcomed the touch. And here I thought I was just a hindrance to you.
Only when you dont feed me, he replied and awkwardly hugged her back.
Oh! Its past supper, she exclaimed and dashed into the cottage. He snapped his fingers and pushed a flame into the hearth, illuminating the dark cabin. As she rushed about, he couldnt imagine not being her protector. He suspected he would always stay to protect her once she took the throne. If anyone asked, he would say he remained for her safety, but he would be lying. He stayed because he did not want to imagine a day without her, because he was in love with her and hoped he would someday work up the courage to tell her.

Chapter 8
Nolen sat in his bathtub, submerged to his chest in murky water. He did not bother glancing towards the main door when someone knocked. It was probably his insufferable mother, wanting to know more about his trip. He had not been in the palace more than ten minutes before his mother sent a page for him. He refused the page and instead drew a bath. Kilkiny Palace had been fitted with modern plumbing years ago, and he took the liberty of daily baths to warm him.
The trip back from Jaden had been long on his tired body. His mind wracked with Ryker Slade and the inevitable discovery of Rykers disappearance. Did anyone recognize me or Shibaler at Castle Jaden? I made sure to leave my room untouched, but would someone have a way of knowing I was there? Perhaps a Water Mage could feel the drain of his bath to find it was not dry. I should not have bothered with the bath, but I could not have gone to an Arch Mage smelling like an animal.
He had his work cut out for him now: Find the Silex and locate the mysterious Class Ten. Grabbing a goblet from the side of his bath, he swilled the wine to calm his nerves. The window inside his bed chamber blew a shrill blast of cold air into the wash room, and he ducked further under the water.
Nolen tried to remember his conversations with the man claiming to be the father of the Class Ten. The man had been quite willing to pass off the information for the right price. He is called Gabriel. He was named a Class Ten two years ago. He wields all Elements but Air, and has a brain to match his Elemental strength. You would be wise to stay out of his way. Nolen hadnt liked that comment too much. You will find him in Urima Manor outside Hollow Downs. If not there, he would go to Jacinith or Pately Bridge. He might venture as far east as Sabin or Rolynston, but he would stay within a day or two ride of Urima Manor.
Nolen was curious why the Classing of a Ten had not been broadcasted through the Mage communities. Surely it would bring them great joy to hear that their bloodlines spat out something worthwhile. Why not keep him secret? He has what every man wants: power.
Sometime earlier, Nolen approached Lady Aisling and asked if she knew anything about a Class Ten. She carefully brushed the rumor aside saying she had heard nothing, and he could not tell if she was lying.
He downed another goblet of wine as he planned his next move. He would need a band of men to go to these towns and look for any man with his descriptions. The so-called father said he would be tall with black hair and blue eyes, were he in his usual form. When Nolen asked what other form he would take, the man refused to answer and stopped speaking outright. So he was looking for a man that was not always a man, in one of five possible locations, and that was only if the fathers words were correct.
Nolen stood and toweled off, abandoning his usual way of air-drying to the warmer embrace of fabric. Stronger Air Mages could actually change the temperature of Air, but Nolen could hardly manage a few degrees in room-temperature direction. Years of intestinal discomfort had left him lean and hardened. It was hard for him to keep fat on, so he often dressed warm. Anatoly City sat on a hilly plane that was warm in summer and chilly in winter, but never as bitterly cold as Jaden got in winter.
The fire in his bed chamber had already been lit and blazed. He sat before it with his legs outstretched. The wind blew sharply, heralding autumn. With a complex Air pattern, he pinched two fingers to minimize the air between the window and pane.
In order to find the Mage in a timely manner, he would have to depart immediately with a band, sending another four to each of the named cities. While he was slowly losing power over the army to his cousin Balien, his Air Guard would always remain loyal to him, and there were plenty of trackers and hunters in the faction. He selected names from his memory as he waited for food to be brought up.
A pretty girl with red hair and freckles brought his supper, but he was in no mood for dessert and let her leave without a word. The savory smells of venison stew and fresh bread tickled his senses, and he happily obliged when the door closed. He continued to plan the next days activities until everything was laid out.
Donning a pair of boots and a nice coat, he left his rooms to find the necessary people to accomplish his tasks. He recruited four officers in his Air Guard and gave them instructions to find thirty men each for the hunting parties. Then he made sure Shibaler and proper horses would be ready by morning and sent several pages to pack food and supplies.
His work now set in motion, he made his way back to his quarters. The royal quarters were in the northernmost wing. Standing twelve stories high, it was the tallest and grandest of the wings. It was lined with tapestries, paintings, and flickering lanterns, and each doorway was etched with gilt and carvings. Nolen lived on the fifth floor, a whole floor away from his mother and her lackey Aisling, but unfortunately on the same level as Balien.
He rarely saw his cousin, which was good because the man irritated him. They played different games, and Nolen could never figure Baliens out. Balien had his own set of allies that Nolen could never locate, and the man was deft with his manipulation skills, which kept Nolen on his toes. For the most part, his cousin stayed out of his personal life and kept the berating to the training field and dinner table. Sadly for Nolen, today was not one of those days.
Balien rounded the corner just as Nolen reached the landing from the stairs. Balien slowed his walk to meet up with his cousin. Nolen attempted to speed away, but Balien caught him.
Word is you are forming a hunting party, he stated as he matched Nolens leggy stride. To what end, might I ask?
Nolen shot his cousin a sharp look, remembering Ryker had used the same phrase, but there was no way Balien could have known. To hunt the best game.
Balien gave a knowing nod, having spent most of his time around soldiers. Men.
Hardly a man at all.
Baliens dark gold eyebrows rose. Woman? Nolen, really.
I do not see why it matters. You are not accompanying us.
Oh cousin, what are you after now? Balien sighed, clasping his hands behind his back. Would you really leave the palace in my hands for another week?
Nolen had no reply to his cousins jesting. When they were younger Nolen had been able to get away with his Element as a weapon, compressing air to slap his cousin from a distance or shooting jets at him when he tried to eat, but Lady Aisling could see his patterns and put a stop to it. Still.
Good night, Balien, Nolen stated, giving a small wave of his hand. The gray pattern woven across his fingers made a sharp snap as it struck Balien across the back of his head. Enjoy your run of the palace.
Balien gave him a murderous look and slipped out of his vision. Nolen ducked into his room. He spent an hour packing, looking for clothes that would be considered somewhat common but not peasant. He did not want to look like a Prince, but a lower Lord would suit him. Regardless of his appearance, he would be riding Shibaler, and anyone who knew their horseflesh would know he was a well-bred Aidenmarian destrier. His bags packed and his affairs in order, he managed a few hours of sleep.

No, I am serious, he has his fingers in something, Balien said as he took a defensive stance. Lady Aisling regarded him with a thoughtful eye as he stood in her solar. Night had already fallen and the fire burned low. He was as handsome as his father, with his mothers dark gold hair and wit.
Can I offer you some tea, Balien? she asked, gesturing to the pot warming by the fire.
Thank you, Lady, no, he replied, but noticed her cup was low and fetched the pot to top her off.
Look at this, a Prince serving an Advisor, Aisling tittered before taking a sip. Should it not be opposite?
Hardly, Lady, Balien smiled as he returned the pot. He was one of Aislings fondest companions in the palace; a man of stalwart heart and values. As excellent as he was at manipulation, she was better, so they allied long ago. She considered him a friend, almost a son since his mother was taken from him when he was only thirteen.
Yes, she said, steering back into their conversation. I am hearing whispers of a trip Nolen is planning. I want someone I trust to accompany him.
Baliens arms fell from their folded position over his chest. Please do not send me thus.
Hardly. I need you here with me to keep her Grace from exerting herself. I am sending General Calsifer. He should be arriving momentarily to discuss plans.
Have you heard who Nolen is after? Balien asked, and Aisling shook her head.
A knock sounded on the door, and Balien opened it. General Calsifer stepped in, giving them proper nods and salutations. Calsifer was well into his fifties with a short-cropped head of salt-and-pepper hair, but by his straight stance, one could not properly guess his age. He stood with his knees at a slight bend to take the pressure off his joints, and Aisling knew him well enough to offer him a seat. He gladly obliged and pulled his sword across his lap. He dressed in a handsome black coat with an eagle stitched over his heart, heralding him as a General. Calsifer had served under Queen Rincarel Bolt who had awarded him his eagle. He was loyal only to the Bolts, but would never verbalize such a statement.
Do you know what Nolen is planning? Aisling asked, after offering him tea which he accepted.
It should not give you cause to worry, my Lady, he replied, his voice deep and gravelly. The Prince never stirs up too much trouble. He sipped his tea. From what I can gather, he is searching for a man, and likely a Mage.
There are thousands of those, Balien stated.
Yes, Aisling agreed, But I am loathe letting Nolen out of my sight for too long, especially with an impending coronation.
Balien gave her a pinched look.
Has there been word from Princess Robyn? Calsifer asked eagerly, but Aisling shook her head. What would you like me to do while on this trip? The Prince will be displeased with my addition.
I am aware, but you will say you are on the Queens errand to whatever town his destination is. Make up something convincing, and if he balks, tell him you outrank him and could command his soldiers away. Aisling clinked her cup with a nail. Mages were very high ranking in societies, even those with low Classes, but a Class Five did not outrank a General. While with him, I want you to observe and report back whatever information you can glean. At every town send me a pigeon. I want to know who he is hunting, why, and for what purposes. See if you cannot turn him into a decent person while you are at it.
Balien snorted, while Calsifer simply nodded and replied, I would need more time. Do you want me to steer him lost, or prevent him from finding this man?
Please, please get him lost, Balien muttered.
Aisling gave him a disapproving look. Tell me which town you are heading to in your notes, and if I have instructions, I will send a pigeon to the rookery. Right now I just want an eye on him.
As you wish, Calsifer replied and gave a polite bow of his head.
Thank you, General, Aisling smiled and bade him goodnight.
Balien turned to face her. What will you have me do?
She tapped a finger on her cup again. We will have to wait and see. I will send for you if I hear helpful word. Let us plan on this being one of Nolens trips where he returns home without any harm done.
That we know of, Balien retorted.
Until the pigeons start arriving, try and behave.
He gave a lavish bow at the waist. As my Lady commands.

Chapter 9
Prince Nolen set out from Anatoly City with twenty men, soldiers mostly and a few mercenaries for hire. He was surprised to see General Calsifer ride out from the stables on his black destrier Araybiatt to join them. Nolen politely commanded the General to leave, but Calsifer insisted he would rather ride with them on his journey south to visit relatives.
We are heading west, Nolen argued.
Oh, no, I spoke with all my officers in the other hunting parties, and they said you were the party heading south. Am I mistaken? Calsifer did not receive a response. They were heading south, but Nolen made sure to take them on the western-most road as to not appear a liar.
The Prince could see his mothers workings in Calsifers appearance. She still believed, after nearly twenty-eight years, that Nolen could not care for himself. His mother irked him sorely.
He sent four other parties in different directions armed with what information he knew and instructions for communication. If, by the end of the month, the Mage had not been found, they were to regroup in Anatoly City to exchange knowledge.
It took Nolens party three days to reach their destination, a little town at the foothills of the Gray Mountains called Hollow Downs. It was a pretty town, despite being so far from a major city, but they rode through after stopping for a pint and directions.
Despite being without a lord, Urima Manor was kept well and had not fallen into disrepair. Nolen told his men to make camp for the evening across the road while he went to speak with the remaining inhabitants of the Manor. The servants offered no help, even when bribed with gold squares or threatened with pain, save for one man. When faced with losing a hand, he pointed south and vowed he had seen his young lord go in that direction, confirming his name to be Gabriel. Nolen knew the man spoke truth by the disgusted look the servants gave him.
To the south was Pately Bridge, but if this Gabriel was as quick-witted as his father claimed, he would not stay there. Nolen could not eke out a timeframe from the servants, but one woman mentioned two summers. He left the manor moody but made his way back to camp with a proud strut befitting a prince.
The soldiers had been instructed to treat Nolen like one of them, not bowing or using his honorific, but he made sure someone set up his tent every night. It was ready when he arrived. The soldiers brushed their horses down, and a few of the mercenaries started a raucous drinking song around the fire. Nolen joined them for a while as they ate, listening to their stories of battles and bevies. He boasted to have had half the women in the palace, and each one had a rousing story to accompany her. General Calsifer kept to himself and his destrier on the outskirts of the camp.
Well after the sun sank and Nolens belly was full, he retired to his tent. A mat had been unrolled for him and, after shucking off his boots, he crawled under the blankets. The nights grew colder, and he was forever reminded of his thin skin. He piled on another blanket and wrapped up. So far his intestinal discomfort had not been quite as bad as usual, though it often lessened when he left the bad air of the City. He wondered at times if the discomfort was because of something else, but Lady Aisling had laid delving patterns into his body to seek out problems and had come up with nothing.
He was asleep for only a moment when he was jarred awake by a hand on his shoulder. His eyes flew open to see a dark figure above him, and as he opened his mouth to cry out, the figure put a hand over his face.
Do ne be foolish, the voice hissed. Meet me outside in the eastern grove. With the last whisper, the man simply vanished.
Nolen bolted into a seated position and grabbed his boots, regretting he could not take his warm blankets with. He grabbed a long cloak instead and stepped out of his tent. The camp was quiet but for the watchman who raised his head as Nolen appeared. He hurried off east into a little thicket with a few patches of apple trees.
Ryker stepped from behind a patch of trees. He was draped in a long black cloak and pulled back its hood as Nolen stepped up.
Ryker clicked his cheek as he pulled off one glove. Where are y heading?
Nolen pointed. South. It is the only direction I have.
Ryker looked in the direction, then took Nolens arm and pulled it south-east. Go by that bearing.
Nolens mind worked quickly, and his brows rose. You know where he is?
I do.
Why not go after him yourself?
Ryker fixed the Prince with a disdainful look. Because y need t prove t me y are worthy of the Eagle Throne. Ill ne gladly hand it off t the first soul what lays claim, ne if I want success.
How do you know where he is?
Ryker clicked his cheek. Same way I find you. He looked in the direction of the manor. The servants were not quite as thorough in cleaning his rooms as they thought.
Nolen did not pry further, though the man left more questions unanswered. How far south-east?
I will redirect y if y steer off course in a few days. Until then, I have something y might fancy. He reached behind the flaps of his cloak and pulled glittering pieces of metal free. Holding them out to Nolen, the Prince accepted them.
Nolen looked at the four objects in his hands that were cold against his skin. They were in the shape of unlocked manacles, no broader than a thumb and as thin as a coin with two small ridges set below the edges. They were made of burnished copper that gave off the faintest yellow glow between the ridges. One was the size of small dinner plate, two were the size of actual manacles, and the last was made of three conjoined rings. It took Nolen a moment to realize what he held as he turned them over in his hands. The larger one looked as though it could fit around his neck, while the other two.
They fell from his hands, and he took several steps back, feeling as though his supper might come back up. He gripped his stomach and turned away for a moment before facing Ryker. A Castrofax.
I judge by your reaction y are familiar. Pick them up.
Nolen unsteadily approached the objects like he would a rabid ferret, eyeing them as if they might jump at him. Stooping, he collected them carefully in both hands. The largest one swung open from an unseen hinge, and he gagged.
Any Mage would choose death over the binds of a Castrofax. Made to be clamped around the neck and wrists, once locked, a Castrofax could never be opened, except in death. The connected rings were undoubtedly the control piece. The real fear behind the Castrofax was not the idea of lifelong imprisonment, but the Castrofaxs true purpose. Any Mage who wore the control piece had full access to the bound Mages powers, be they Class Ten or Two. The bound Mage had no access, rendering them as useless as a non-Mage.
It was then Nolen realized what Ryker meant when he said he would help Nolen keep the Class Ten. Any man knew a Mage could be restrained if their hands were bound, for a Mages true power lay in their fingers. This object brought a whole new darkness into the bargain. In the span of a heartbeat Nolen found himself at a pivotal crossroad. He could refuse the Castrofax and lose all that Ryker promised, or he could accept them and deny any goodness he had left. Could he really condemn a man to the cold death of a Castrofax to gain power? He knew before he started on this quest that sacrifices would have to be made.
He clenched his fists around the cold copper pieces. South-east, you say? Ryker gave a slow approving smile. His skin was not so drawn and pale as before, but he still had a slightly ghoulish appearance about his face. Which of the six is this?
Ryker folded his arms and took a proud stance. It is called Overturn, or just Copper if y fancy.
Nolen looked again at the pieces, knowing the stories of the six forged Castrofax. Each had a name, and each performed a different action. The Glittering, made of glass, paralyzed a man. One named Eraser killed the descending bloodline of the captured Mage. Lady Misery, made of silver, caused spasms of pain. Nolen had believed the other three lost to the Ages, where only legends whispered of titanium, marble and copper. If legend proved truth, this Castrofax was the last forged and the most used.
Does it reverse patterns like the stories say? Nolen asked.
It does. Some of the Castrofax block the bearer from feeling the Elements, but ne only does this one allow it, it also lets him use his Elements. Ryker explained with pride as if he were talking about his child. Yet, if he fuels a pattern, it will reverse in some way. It will quickly teach him t ne use, he chuckled. Get that on him, ac I will show y how t handle him ac his power.
Nolen tucked the cold bands in the folds of his cloak. I look forward to it.
Read up on this, Ryker said and threw him an old book. Find out what Elements he wields ac study a few patterns. I will need y prepared t find mine Silex.
I will, Nolen nodded, wrapping the book up. Ryker gave him a dark smile and motioned him to return to camp. As soon as Nolen turned away, Ryker vanished again in a whisper of fabric.
Prepare yourself, Class Ten. Nolen whispered as he made his way back to camp. You stand between me and glory.

Chapter 10
The plush chair Aisling sat in was inviting, but she was not solaced by comfort. She twirled a small scroll in her fingers. A pigeon delivered it from Hollow Downs, written in fine boxy script by General Calsifer. Nolen was after a Mage who still bore no name. She knew in an instant which Mages lived in Hollow Downs; however, she had more disquieting matters on her mind.
She received a bird from the Head Mage a day before asking about the illusive Class Ten from Hollow Downs. She was certain the incidents were not coincidence. What would the Prince and Head Mage want with Gabriel Lenis? How did Nolen discover the well-kept secret? The only people who knew Gabriels Class were the Council and perhaps a handful of others. The Council had been required to keep Gabriels Class and location secret.
Aisling rose and strode to her writing desk to pen a letter back to the Head Mage. All I know is that Prince Nolen searches for him as well, she wrote, detailing Nolens movements and suspected motives. She rolled the parchment into a scroll when a hurried knock sounded on her door. She opened it to reveal a tired, travel-worn man in a dusty cloak bearing the insignia of Castle Jaden: two conjoined towers with a double black flame between them.
Word from Jaden? she asked.
Councilwoman, the man greeted, breathing hard. He did not allow himself time to find his voice, and instead offered a folded letter with the Head Mages stamp in wax. Its urgent.
She unfolded the letter with rushed fingers as her adrenaline spiked. It took her a moment to read, and the contents swept her legs out from under her. The messenger swooped in and eased her to the closest chair as she read the letter again.
Slade is awake, she breathed, but if the man heard her, he paid no mind. That is why Casimir wants Gabriel. Is Nolen searching for him by Casimirs bidding? Help me up. He guided her back to her writing desk, but she shook so hard she could not hold the pen steady. Are you returning to Jaden?
With your reply, yes.
Then you will write this for me.
Gladly, he nodded and grabbed the paper, smudging it with dust. She began to dictate but did not get far, for a page boy appeared in her doorway. He offered her another note delivered by bird, and she took it with shaky hands. The tiny wax seal marked the Head Mages stamp again. It read:
Councilwoman Selene and Councilman Kieran are missing. As the only other Council Member living outside Jaden besides Queen Challis, I advise you return here immediately for your safety.
Her mind spun. She could not leave Anatoly City, not when Queen Miranda needed constant watching; not with Nolens suspicious actions and Robyns hopeful arrival.
Pen these words, she began, knowing they could be the words that sealed her fate.

Ryker Slade paced the small dark room in a circle, keeping his movements predictable and unchanging. Changing them would give him leverage, and at the moment he wanted an even playing field. Steadily he circled the man in the center of the room, tied to a chair.
The mans receding red hair hung wet and limply in front of his downturned face, but his eyes followed Ryker. He bled from the gaping wound where his right ear should be and from his lips, where he had been struck. The rest of the damage was internal, where it would hurt the most. He breathed in ragged gasps, and Ryker was sure he had finally reached his breaking point. All men had one, and Class Fives were much easier to break than the Class Tens of old. His favorite tact was to threaten the removal of a body part. Men were far easier to submit when threatened with castration. Women were much harder, but he had many other skills to break them too.
Kieran, Ryker said, rolling the mans name over his tongue and made a clicking noise that caused his captive to jump a little. Tell me more of this Class Ten.
Iknow nothing, the man stated with a thick backwoods accent recognizable even in this Age.
Shall I repeat mineself t hear the same answer? he asked and stopped. Councilman Kieran marked his movement and stuttered a little, dripping spittle and blood down his once-nice green coat.
I know little, the man said and tried to adjust his hands that were well secured behind his back. His fingers were bound to each other. I tested him near four years ago and avent seen no sight of him since.
Tell me more of his power. What Elements does he wield? Does he have any special skills? Which is his best Element? he asked calmly. To his dismay, his captive said nothing. The man was not yet broken.
Ryker abruptly about-faced while unsheathing his belt knife and grabbed one of the Mages fingers. Kieran had no time to protest as Ryker severed an index finger at the second knuckle. The man screamed in agony, throwing his head back. His voice echoed through the stone room. Ryker threw the finger at his feet and brushed the blood off his hands.
If I ask again, y will lose the whole hand, joint by joint.
The Councilman bit his lip, holding back fierce tears. A Mage without hands was like a racehorse with a broken leg. Will you let me live?
If I like your answers.
Please, I have a wife and babes.
Go on then.
Kieran squeezed out two tears. Hishis best Element was Spirit.
Ryker gave an approving nod and began his circling again. Continue.
H-he is a Creator as well, thethe only Creator left alive. His face paled a little more as the blood leaked from his finger.
His Elements, Ryker prompted and stopped. The man jumped a little, but he fell silent. Ryker took two strides forward and grabbed him by his shoulders, tilting the chair back. Which Elements does he wield! he yelled into the Mages bloodied face.
Please, Kieran whispered.
Ryker grabbed his other ear and unsheathed his blade violently.
Air! Kieran yelled as the blade touched him.
Ac which others? Ryker snapped.
No, Air is the only one he doesnt wield, Kieran whimpered, tears starting anew. Rykers pushed Kieran back. The chairs legs buckled, and he fell to his side.
Void as well?
Kieran spat blood from his lips. Void was lost to the Ages when the Library of Karth burned.
Ryker put a hand on his face that left a smear of blood across his cheek. Quad-wielders were rare even in my days, he thought. Amazing what the bloodlines spit out if mixed correctly, he muttered and faced the man who was trying to ease the twist in his shoulders. Ryker knew his hibernation left him waned, so he did not chance lifting the man back up. Tell me more. Why was he kept a secret?
The Councilman lifted his head from the puddle of blood his ear formed. It is said he is protecting someone. We know not who. Kierans tone slurred a little. He wished us to keep him secret soothers would not seek him out andin turn find his charge.
Surely y must know who this ward is since y are a member of the Mage Council, Ryker scoffed. Or is that false as well?
We were not told. I doubt the Head Mage knows since the ward is not a Mage herself.
Ryker shot his eyes to the ceiling. Herself? And yet y do ne know anything.
Kieran blinked a little, seeming to lose his bearings. I do not know, but I suspect. I thought it might be the lost Princess of Anatoly.
Aye, Kindle Novacula. I have heard of her.
No, not her. The daughter-heiress, Robyn Bolt.
Ryker had not heard much of her. Explain.
Wh-when Queen Rincarel Bolt died, her sister Miranda Novacula took the throne, but there was a plot to kill Bolts daughter and secure theNovaculas power. Before Her Grace died, the girl vanished. Kieran coughed and spat out a wad of blood. Some say she died, some say she was captured, and others say she lives freely.
Why has she ne taken the throne?
She is not old enoughthough she should be before winter arrives.
That explains the princelings timing ac urgency. Ryker began his pacing again, stepping over the mans head. Where are the rest of mine Castrofax?
The Councilmans breathing stopped for a moment. I do not know.
How many does Castle Jaden hold?
Ive never heard it said.
Do you know how many I have? Ryker asked and clicked his cheek. Two, which means there are four what Jaden may possess. Would y like t wear one, Councilman? Have y ever seen a man wear two Castrofax? I have; its quite amusing. A man loses his senses par a time, then begins t shrivel ac wane as his body fights against itself. It is quite against nature, but is it ever entertaining. He gave a mad laugh and for a moment seemed to lose his own senses.
Ryker clicked a cheek and took a knee beside the Councilmans head. The leather in his new boots creaked loudly. He had always loved the feel and looks of boots and had been rather disappointed when the Third Age fancied short shoes and slippers, but what was old was always new again. He took a fistful of the mans stringy hair. I know there is some small part of y in there what still bears hope par your rescue or par justice perhaps, but I will tell y mine secret before I kill y. I gave a Castrofax t your princeling, the Nolen boy, ac he is going to put it round the neck of the only man what stands against me. Be glad y die today, par the world will be bleak when I rise.
The Councilman squirmed and tried desperately to pull his hands free. Tears fell freely. At least let me kiss my babes one last time.
I will send y in their direction, Ryker smiled wickedly as he pulled the shiny Excellyon from his doublet. The Councilman knew what the medallion was and tried all the harder to pull free. He sobbed, reaching out with his bound hands to feel for any Earth energy he may have missed in his earlier searches.
Please, he blubbered as Ryker slipped a string of Spirit through the metal and then into Kieran. Slowly, energy from the man seeped into the medallion. Kierans struggles became less forceful, and his head eventually fell back into its puddle. May the stars fall upon your head, he cursed with his last breath, and died.
The little energy collected, Ryker brushed his hands and left the room.
After a few preparations, he flipped together a pattern and located Nolen to appear in his tent. The Prince was still awake, picking his teeth with a knife in the dark. He jumped when Ryker appeared, cutting his upper lip.
Y have gone a half-day too far east. Double back north. If y reach a town, y have gone too far.
Jensanisbel? Nolen asked, grabbing a cloth to stem the bleeding. Ryker did not know or care, so he said nothing and waited for the Prince to confirm his directions. I will go. Give me time to send for my army to bring him in.
Ryker thought that was reasonable, and was even a little impressed the Prince had his own army. That was something he would build in time. After all, it was his army of followers in the past that gave him true power. Send par Spirit Mages. He will most like ne go easily. Nolen gave him a glare that said he already knew that. Y have gumption or foolishness par a brain. Next time I see y, it better be with a captured Mageor I will find another neck par the Castrofax.
Nolens glare wavered, and he gave a sharp nod. Ryker vanished without healing the Princes wound and returned to his home. Atrox Manor stood for Ages, high in the Gray Mountains. He hid it with a large illusion-pattern, and preserved it as the day it was finished. Here, no one could locate him or the pretty things he accumulated. Making his way down into the cellar, he visited one of those pretty things who called herself a Councilwoman.

Chapter 11
Robyn crouched up in a tree perch and watched as the party of riders passed. It was unusual to see men off the road, and Gabriels wards sent warnings to him minutes before they trotted close. She kept an arrow notched in her bow. She had been foraging for roots when Gabriel came running and practically boosted her into the nearest tree. He stood not far off in his tiger form, crouched in the darkness of a bush. They found people were far more likely to leave the area alone if they saw a wild animal as massive as he. He flicked the end of his tail like any cat hunting prey would and watched the men ride past.
Twenty two men, she counted, twelve packhorses laden enough for a long journey, she mused, searching for the leader. She could not decide if it was a hunting party or marauders, for they were surely not settlers or emissaries. Perhaps they were merely travelers. By the direction they took, they skirted around Jensanisbel.
The men passed, and she waited another ten minutes before she sheathed her bow and climbed down, stuffing the arrow into the elk hide quiver Gabriel had made for her years ago. Gabriel walked out to her, and she took a handful of his soft fur between her fingers and stroked down his back. He gave a momentary shiver and sighed, so she continued.
Should we find something for dinner? she asked. He rolled an eye to her and blinked a sign for yes. She hopped up on his shoulders and as soon as she was secured, he took off at a gentle trot in the opposite direction of the travelers. A cat moved in a much smoother, rolling gait than a horse, and she had become quite accustomed to it over the past two years. She learned how to grip his ribs with her thighs and pull her calves around him but back far enough to avoid his forelegs. Practice let her ride without gripping the scruff of his neck. She could balance quite easily on him, becoming one with him.
They trotted to their favorite game trail, and he hid them in the shadows. She slipped to his side, and he eased himself down, always watching the trail with vigilant tiger blue eyes.
We are nearly a month and a bit out from my twentieth birth anniversary, she whispered after a while. When do you think we should return to Anatoly City?
He looked at her and stuck his tongue out, reminding her he could not speak in tiger form, and she smirked and scratched his head. He returned his eyes to the trail, the toes of his paws moved every now and then as he practiced a pattern she could not see. Human fingers and cat paws were very different, and he trained the paws in a few patterns, should he ever need them.
I should like to return soon. It is bad enough weve made no contact with Lady Aisling in years. She probably thinks us dead. He made a huff and flexed his whiskers forward, a sign that he disagreed. It will take time to adjust to palace life and get the subjects to recognize me as the heiress. I will need the backing of the army and my family, not to mention the powerful houses before I can truly be seen as Queen. She paused as a squirrel chattered and waited for it to come closer. I would like to return within the week.
He turned his head and fluffed his whiskers again. She knew he liked the solitude. Once she took the throne, there would be no adventures in the forests or nights by the campfire spitting rabbits, or games of Tiles which she swore he was letting her win at. He said he would stay with her, but it would be terribly doleful for him to be cooped up in a palace all the time with nothing to do but follow her around. As much as she wanted to stay in the quaint cottage, she needed to take the throne. Despite being secluded from news, even she knew Queen Miranda was not adequate, and she would be stepping up to stitch together a fraying kingdom.
Think of what new adventures we could have, she said quietly. Kilkiny Palace has been built upon over the Ages. There are hidden passages and rooms that havent been seen in years. When the work is done for the day, we could go exploring. She realized how infantile it sounded, but part of her yearned for adventure as much as he. She would grow into the role of Queen, but she would always retain her youthfulness that loved the quests.
He stretched a paw out and laid his head on it, keeping one eye on her and one on the trail.
Will you really stay with me? she asked. His eyes met hers, and he blinked. As much as she wanted him to remain with her, she knew it would be selfish to keep him for herself. A Mage like him had been extinct for far too long and once knowledge of his existence spread, so would the need for him. While Class Five Spirit Mages could mend broken bones and stitch wounds, she had seen him reattach a finger and reform a crushed skull. Everyday people received ghastly wounds and knew there was no hope for them. With his existence known, people could now receive healing for previously impossible things. Perhaps she could make him court physician.
That would restrict him too much, she thought. I would only be tapping one Element, and I am sure he would grow bored lighting my fires and keeping my baths warm. If he had not been born so strong, we would not have this problem; then again, he would not be here if he were weaker.
He nudged her with a paw and looked to the trail. A badger wandered into their vision. She waited until it came in line with the angle of her bow and sent an arrow through its brain.
She did not stand to retrieve it, so Gabriel remained where he was. I think it would be best if you returned to Castle Jaden when I take the throne. He raised his head in alarm, and she put her hand up. I would be selfishly squandering your power, and it would be unfair for me to keep you to myself when your kind needs you.
He rolled to his side and flicked his paws. A moment later he returned to his human form, pulling what few fibers there were in the area to form a pair of shorts. She looked him over with wide eyes, surprised he had changed. He was ever appealing with a body honed by labor. He had a strong chest, a flat stomach with the faint outline of muscle underneath, and his arms and legs were powerful. Despite having thick hair atop his head, the rest of him was smooth.
I am coming with you, he said with a nervous look in his eyes. My kind can come find me with you if they are in need.
Yes, but you need to be with your kind, so you can find a Mage lady to marry, so you can strengthen
Highness, he said deeply. It was the word he used when he had heard enough, and she knowingly snapped her jaw shut. I will make my own decisions, and I choose to stay with you.
Very well.
Anything else youd like to drop on me while I have a voice? he asked, and she shook her head. He reached his left hand out and gave her knee a pat. For a moment she saw a faint white scar on the soft underside of his wrist. He nodded and transformed back into a tiger and made his way across to the slain badger. Taking it in his maw he returned to her, and once she freed the arrow, she hopped back on his shoulders.
He loped to the cottage to return before the sun set. There was enough time to skin the creature and build a fire outside. Quietly she mixed biscuits inside and watched him cook the meat over the coals. Robyn wondered if he was still mad, but he sat back and stared into the flames like he always did. Men never hold grudges. Theyre such strange creatures.
When she filled the pan with rolled dough, she stepped outside and set it in the coals. He continued to stare into the fire, lost to the flames. She set some potatoes on the edge of the coals and sat back across from him. Behind him the chickens milled about chattering.
They had the sort of relationship where everything that needed to be said already had, and anything else could be communicated without words. It was a quiet and peaceful atmosphere. She knew him well enough to know he preferred silence and would only speak if it was important. She knew his routine, moods, and facial expressions better than anyone, yet it still felt as though he held her at arms length and would not fully let her into his comfort. As if on cue, he looked up with an expectant and hungry expression.
Give it a few more minutes, she smirked.
She watched him for a while, remembering the hardships they had been through. When her handlers took too much of her identity to make the perfect heiress, he bore her into the countryside, ever cognizant of her mood. In turn she learned to read his tiniest expressions, and when he needed her most, she was there.
Back when he was nineteen, after his three year stint in Jaden, Robyn broke through his defenses and saw him for the vulnerable boy he was. That night they became more than house companions. She had ventured to his rooms looking for a book of hers. She knocked, and no one answered, so she let herself in. Thats when she saw him. Daylight was still upon them and cast a yellow tint to his washroom. Gabriel sat on the floor, slumped with his arms over the marble bath built into the wall. When she called him, he did not respond.
Running to him, she discovered he had slit his left wrist solidly a quarter of the way down his forearm. Blood dripped from his wound into the tub, and by the looks of it, he had been bleeding for a while. A short silver knife lay in the tub mingling with the ruby blood.
He was unconscious and pale. She grabbed his wrist and laid him down on his back, propping his boots on the tub. She bound the wound after inspecting the cut. It was not enough to damage his tendons. She remembered sitting on the floor with him, stroking his black hair that looked so much darker against his pale skin.
His eyes fluttered open and his pale lips parted. He tried to reach out with his left hand, but she kept it securely against her chest. It was then he saw her. She asked for no explanation, and he closed his eyes, covering them with his free hand in shame.
Youre not allowed in my rooms, he finally said, his voice void of its usual energy. She knew that was true. She desperately wanted to know why he tried to kill himself, but she did not press for fear of losing control of the situation.
I did not know you wished for death, she whispered. He tried to pull his hand free, but she held tightly. What is so terrible you would wish to leave your good life?
He fixed his blue eyes on her, his lips ready with a retort, but he saw the sincerity on her face. There is so muchenergy everywhere, he replied. The Elements pull at me from every direction. The power is so great it weighs me down. No Mages understand because they have so little power, and no one knows how high-Classed Mages handled it.
Are you so much more powerful than they are? she asked, unaware.
He looked at her to see if she was mocking him. He snapped the fingers of his right hand, and a flame appeared on his thumb. The Elements can only be used if the energy source is available. I should not be able to do this. He let the flame die. I dont know how to handle this power, and no one knows how to help me. I cant take it.
She knew he could not heal himself, and with no Spirit Mage around, there was no one trained to mend the wound. She sent for the seamstress, paid for her silence, and had the woman stitch him up. Together they hid the wound and found ways to hide the scar. It had faded to nearly blend in with his skin, being misconstrued as a shadow of a tendon.
While memories of that day still made her sad, the event strengthened their relationship. After seeing how vulnerable he truly was, she was able to understand him. As the years passed, she kept his secret and strengthened their friendship. He grew to trust her. She did not know if he was still so burdened, but he seemed to have a better handle on his power. If he was ever pushed to the edge of suicide, he did not show it.
You are burning my biscuits, his voice said and snapped her from her thoughts. He had already stood and pulled the pan from the coals.
Let us come to a compromise, he said after a while. These animals wont fetch much at market, so let us butcher them, and when they are gone, we will head back to Anatoly City.
That is reasonable. She wondered how much Anatoly City had changed in nearly ten years. She looked forward to molding it back to its former glory under her mothers rule. With Gabriel she could make her plans reality. She smiled at him, and he gave a little glare. Enjoy your freedom now.

Chapter 12
Robyn woke to find that Gabriel had killed and skinned the goat. He strung it up to drain and tacked the skin to the ground, scraping it with a sharp knife to begin the tanning process. He was stripped to the waist to avoid getting blood on his white shirt, and sure enough, watery blood slimed his hands.
Eggs for breakfast? she asked, looking through an outside basket full of roots. Ive some berries and apples as well.
No, bacon, he replied.
She cleared her throat. You can have eggs and apples. He sighed as she set a pan of water over the cold hearth. Fire, please! she called, and he snapped his fingers, pushing the flame her way, settling it under the wood. She changed into a pair of leggings and a short green tunic, and pulled on a tall pair of soft deerskin boots that laced up the back. Gabriel fashioned them with his Elements after they fled and discovered her slippers would not work. They molded to her skin, and she never owned a pair of shoes that fit so perfectly. He even set an anti-water pattern in them to keep them waterproof.
When the eggs finished boiling, she took him a few and handed him a clean apple. He strung the skin up to dry, washed his hands, and looked at the eggs with a sharp gaze. Im going to pretend youre bacon, he said quietly as he turned away.
Robyn spent the rest of the morning going through her things, seeing what she could do without on their journey to Anatoly City. All her clothes would be replaced, for no respectable Princess would be seen in leggings and a tunic. She would also receive all new grooming products.
Woman, I need food! Gabriel called from outside. He had been practicing with his Earth Element all morning, and she watched as the world blossomed into flowers and withered to ash an hour later. Now he seemed to be pulling sand out of the soil for no apparent reason.
Grow yourself a peach tree.
Im not in the mood for peaches.
I dont have any star-crossed bacon! she yelled.
He was looking at her bemused when she poked her head around the door. I will have something else then.
A wise move. She stepped into the main room. You are going to have to make friends with the head cook in Kilkiny. She will either love you or loathe you.
The stew of roots and kale was nearly ready when Gabriels movements in the yard stopped suddenly. He looked south, past the cottage.
People on the road, he said quickly and ran inside. She grabbed her bow and slung a quiver around her shoulder. They crossed over it. He cut the flames of the fire.
She waited quietly, knowing the smells of burning wood and cooking food would drift far in the woods, not to mention sound. The geese and chickens squawked loudly in their pen, and she cursed the creatures.
They are heading this way, he said with a dark tone. Negotiate with them, but get them on their way. If they want food, give it to them. Only involve me if you have no other choice. Your hair, he suddenly realized, and pulled fibers from the surroundings to form a thin gray scarf. She bound her hair up and wrapped the scarf around to hide the blonde. Oh, he whispered and winced. Its a party, a large one.
Kicking his boots off, he fell into his tiger form and hid in the shadows of the cottage. Robyn put an eye against a crack in the thin curtains of the front window and waited. Minutes later the party arrived, and she counted silently.
Its the same party that passed by yesterday, she whispered, and Gabriel pricked his ears up in question. Yes, Im sure. Same number of men and horses.
A slender man on a dapple gray destrier alongside a stout man with a well-bred black took the lead upon seeing the cottage. The slender man had pretty eyes, even from a distance, and a sharp pinched look to his face, while the other mans posture placed him as military or possibly noble. Nocking an arrow, she waited until they stopped and opened the door.
Stay on your horses, she said pointing with the arrow to the man with pretty eyes. You will not be staying.
Hullo. I mean no harm, he smiled, a straight-toothed grin. It was perfectly straight. Anyone with teeth that straight had noble upbringings or were close friends with Spirit Mages. She and Gabriel had perfectly straight teeth, seeing as Lady Aisling took interest in their upbringing. The man winced a little, and she saw he had a fresh cut on his upper lip.
Are you alone? I am looking for someone to join my questing party, he said smoothly, but the military man on his left gave him a sidelong glance. I am in need of a good archer, and the innkeeper in Jensanisbel said you would be worth asking. I am willing to pay handsomely.
Do you think I am so foolish to be the only woman to join a party of men? Half of your men look like pirates too far from their ship, and by the looks of you all, youve been on the road long enough to miss a womans embrace.
Some of the men chuckled. The noble blinked several times before smiling. I can ensure your safety.
Safe is a relative term, she retorted, and the military man smirked, giving the slightest nod. He had a familiar face, but she could not quite place it.
I am on a hunting party for the Prince Nolen, the noble said and dismounted, untying a saddle bag from his handsome destrier. He said I may recruit who I wish along the way, and I have a signed warrant. Is there no one else here?
He began to cross the yard; even the drawing of her bow was not enough to scare him.
I warn you to stand back. I am not alone, she shouted and held the fletching closer to her face, feeling the pull in her shoulder. The man gave a small nod and smiled but did not stop. When he was six strides away, she knew she had no other choice and stepped aside from the door. Gabriel bounded out; ears flat back against his head, whiskers flared and teeth flashing. He roared monstrously. The horses reared, throwing one man, but the black destrier remained standing, only flicking his ears towards the large cat. The noble took several steps back and nearly lost his balance.
Order your animal back, he said and held the paper out to her. I am the Princes emissary, and he would be loath to lose me.
She was surprised the noble was not frightened by Gabriel. Most men turned and ran at the sight of the massive cat, but this mansmiled. She lowered her bow and jerked the paper free. It was a binding document that gave the man all authority to take who and what he wished to fulfill his journey.
What is this quest of yours? she asked, shoving the paper back at him.
I seek a man, he replied. A Mage of great power.
For what purpose?
The Queen has need of his skills. Pack your things. We will wait. She made a move to disagree, but his sharp look allowed no argument
She returned to the cottage with Gabriel and, as soon as she closed the door, he transformed back. If we travel in a group back to Anatoly City, it would be safer than just the two of us.
Like anywhere with you is unsafe, she replied and grabbed a pack. Can we not just tell him no?
Not without revealing ourselves.
Do you know of any other Mages in these woods?
You dont think hes looking for me, do you?
No one knows about yougo grab something. She shoved what she would need for a week in a pack, and he stuffed in a journal and a few trinkets. So what? We ride with them for a few days and break away? You could just tell them no.
I want to know who theyre looking for first, he replied. That nobleman, he grabbed Air when I jumped out. Something is amiss.
Is that all youre packing?
I can make everything else I need. Did he look familiar?
I cannot say. Ive been out of Anatoly City nearly ten years. Can you make soap?
That military man looks familiar, Gabriel whispered as he helped her shoulder the bags. Men dont need soap.
You disgusting creature. What about that General who took me out to Urima? Im bringing soap.
Could be. Dont bring the rose-scented one, he muttered, and transformed into his tiger.
Lavender then. I will still be heading to the City in a week, with or without these men. She said with an air of finality as she opened the door and threw her pack at the noble. Put these things on your pack horses. Im not carrying them. The only thing she strapped to her frame was her dark-skinned elk quiver that belted around her shoulder, full of finely sharpened, metal-tipped arrows. Her recurve bow she kept in one hand, not ready to unstring it just yet.
The noble looked taken aback and motioned for a man to gather and secure her belongings. You have a lot of gumption talking to me like that.
Spare me your insulted pride, she snapped.
Well I hope you enjoy walking then. I do not think we have a horse for you. The smug look slid off his face when she vaulted onto Gabriels shoulders.
I will hold you to your promise of safety, she stated as Gabriel turned to face the man. The fierce expression on the tigers face made the noble consider the words on his lips more thoroughly.

The hunting party moved east for a day and a half before stopping by a small town. Gabriel made sure they set their camp far enough away from the main cluster of men, especially after the first night when a man tried to snatch Robyn. The man would be lucky to keep his arm if the wound did not fester. After the first night, the military man set his tent a little closer to them.
Robyn gleaned little information from the men. They did not know or would not say who they were looking for, and they had no direction other than what the leader Mage gave them. The Mage offered the name Cain, but Robyn did not believe him. With Gabriels tiger ears, he could narrow in on conversations, and the few he heard were either unhelpful or about Robyns various assets. She patted his head several times during the day, and he realized he had laid his ears flat back in a threatening expression.
The road was unkind to him. He was not meant for slow lumbering, but fast spurts, jumps and swims. Robyn was anything but heavy, but her weight began aching his shoulders. He had agreed to join the party as to not cause a scene and refuse the man, but after the second night he wondered if he should have.
He flopped down as she constructed the tent, keeping an eye on the camp and periodically watching the military man. He was certain the man was a General or a Commander, with as beautiful horse as his destrier. The officer often looked at Robyn as if trying to remember something. Gabriel wondered if his suspicions were correct; if so it was only a matter of time before he recognized her.
He raised his head as the officer walked over, having already set up his tent a ways off from them. The man walked with a little limp, favoring both knees.
Would you like some help, my lady? he asked kindly, his eyes wrinkling as he smiled. He had a faded crescent-shaped scar across his left cheek that gave him a distinguished look to match the salted hair. His garb was simple and worn, but Gabriel imagined he would fit an officers uniform well.
When Gabriel put his head back down, Robyn nodded. I never have luck with these things.
I should hope a lady like yourself has a proper feather bed every night.
She chuckled. It has been a while since I slept in a tent that is true.
I have spent many a night on the cold ground beneath one of these, the man replied and pulled the center support tight around a tree.
Military?
I serve in the Queens army, he replied. My name is Arden, by the way.
Please call me Zodie.
Gabriel flicked his tail, wanting more information.
Does your cat have a name? Arden asked as he stamped a peg into a corner. Ive never seen an animal like him in all my days. What is he?
Arrow is a golden tiger from Shalaban. A relative of mine brought him over when he was just a cub.
I never thought I would see a tiger. Never ventured to Shalaban, not with the communism. Wouldnt be safe for me. He stamped the last peg in and turned to look at Gabriel who met his eyes. Do they all have blue eyes?
I couldnt tell you. What rank did you say you were? she asked.
I didnt, my lady, he smiled and turned to go.
Who are we searching for?
He stopped. Dont rightly know. I know as much as you do, actually. His lordship keeps information to himself. He gave a little bow. Shall I save you a bit of stew for supper?
I would like that, yes, she gave a polite nod. When he turned to leave, she slipped inside the tent. Gabriel remained outside, listening to the camp as he closed his eyes for a few moments.
Did you want a massage or not? he heard Robyn ask before he dozed off. Pulling himself up with a sigh, he stepped inside and let her button the flaps. She threw a blanket over his back, and he sank into the floor returning to his human form with a guttural groan. She dug into his shoulders with expert hands, and he did his best to keep his sighs to himself.
How are you holding together?
Ill tell you after a solid pint and cider chaser, he replied.
That well? she smiled as his spine cracked. Well get some hot food in you. She worked on him until he drifted off. He slept until the noise from the fire announced supper was ready. Two scouts had shot a boar, so they would eat well tonight. Gabriel knew Robyn would save him a haunch, so he returned to tiger form and followed her to the camp.
The night was chilly, even with his fur coat. He followed Robyn to the edge of the fire and waited as she cut a fat hind leg off the carcass. When a man made to object, he saw Gabriel standing in the shadows and shut his mouth. As promised, Arden saved her a bowl of stew, apparently from his own pot, and it looked far better than anything the men ate.
May I pet him? Arden asked after a while. Gabriel kept his eyes away, careful not to make too much eye contact when important things were said. Robyn must have shrugged, because a moment later the man scratched him across the head. Not wanting to ruin any alliance with the only person to show them kindness, Gabriel chewed on the haunch between his paws and paid him no mind. Being an animal brought out primal instincts allowing him to abandon use of social forays, and he liked the idea of eating without utensils, plates, or manners. He licked back his whiskers at the thought and felt very masculine.
I am going into town before the sun sets much lower. Will you be safe until then?
Robyn smiled her pretty smile, the one that flashed her white teeth. I will be fine. Arden stood and bade them farewell, patting Gabriels head as he left.
The next day was much the same; endless plodding north-east, finding a small hamlet to exchange information, and camping down before the sun vanished. Gabriel could not help but notice the Mage watching him now and again. Despite passing able bodied hunters in the hamlet, Cain did not ask for more people to join the party, which made Gabriel wonder how badly he erred in joining him.
I think Cain knows who you are, Gabriel said once the tent was up. I dont think hes after a Mage at all. He knew right where you were, how to get you to join him, and has asked no one elses help in the quest. I think he already has what he wants.
How do you know hes not after you? she argued.
He raised a brow. No one knows I exist.

Chapter 13
General Calsifers last pigeon offered little help, but Lady Aisling read it over several times before deciding there was no reason to send instructions. She continued her work: making sure Miranda read and signed the necessary reports; listened to her spies information; reviewed the palaces purchases, and counted the ever-dwindling vault tallies. She hated to admit, but they were dangerously low on silver squares.
She had not taken the Head Mages advice and traveled to Jaden; instead, she warded her quarters and took care to travel with others around the palace. Word of the Arch Mages escape had not yet spread through the kingdom.
Aisling was just about to write a report when a spy gave the secret knock on her door. A simple-looking maid rushed in.
The Air Guard is mobilizing, my Lady, she said.
Aisling rose immediately. The Air Guard would not move unless Nolen commanded. He must have found something.
Retrieve Prince Balien for me, she said and waited as the maid rushed out. The Prince came running in minutes later.
Have you heard? he asked, breathing heavily.
Sit, there is something you must know, she said, I have reason to believe Prince Nolen is hunting Mage Gabriel.
Baliens face brightened at the name, and then darkened. Why? Why would Nolen want Gabriel? It must be Robyn hes after.
Gabriel is very special to Castle Jaden, she whispered.
As a Class Six?
She bit her lips. He is a Class Ten. He lied to keep it secret.
Balien blinked and folded his arms. That old dog fooled me. Lady Aisling, how would Nolen know where I do not?
Do not underestimate the Prince. Now, I want you to travel with the Air Guard and be my eyes.
He grinned a crooked smile. That is what I wanted to hear.
If he is after Gabriel, stall him. If he is after your sister, protect her. Either way, keep me informed.
Of course, my Lady, he said and gave a proper bow.
He hurried out, and she rushed to her desk to pen General Calsifer a note to warn him.

The journey had been hard on Calsifers knees, and he was glad to finally stretch them out before the fire. Araybiatt was a sturdy steed, but a man still used his knees when riding. After seeing the girl Zodie had her tent fastened properly, he gathered a few foodstuffs and mixed them in a cauldron for the men. It was not long before supper was ready.
Zodie had shot a brace of rabbits and had already skinned them as she joined the group. She roasted them beside the fire and pulled out a bag of apples she gathered during the day. She and the tiger had taken to riding in the forests to keep the horses from balking and always found better food than he. The first fruits of fall were a little tart on Calsifers tongue, but years of scant soldier food taught him to appreciate every bite.
He watched the girl converse with a man on her right as Arrow lay with his head in his paws to her left. She subconsciously scratched behind his ear, and he looked as though he may contentedly drift off. Calsifer thought the brown in her hair made her face a little too pale, as if nature gave her the wrong color, but she was a pretty lass nevertheless.
Prince Nolen joined them and sat to Zodies left. He tried to start a conversation with her, but she politely steered the conversation away. Arrow suddenly seemed quite alert with his ears turned back. Zodie looked back to her food, meeting Calsifers eyes for a brief moment. It was her look of uncertainty that gave her away.
The bread in his mouth turned stale, and the bowl in his hands nearly slipped loose. How is it she could be before my eyes all this time, and I not see her? He knew Princess Robyn as a little angry girl whose look of uncertainty and mute terror betrayed her training in nobility; as the pretty thing on her brothers arm, shown off at parties, and forced to dance with the lordling boys of noble houses; as the articulate child with eyes too old for her age and a charm that bent the highest nobles. He never expected the girl to have blood on her hands, dust on her thighs, or riding a tiger with a band of marauders.
His sudden comprehension must have been apparent to her, for she pulled Arrow up and left. He realized he alarmed her, so he followed.
Wait, he called before she could slip inside her tent. His knees ached as he limped along and he held out a hand. No wonder her brown hair looked so against nature. I mean you no harm.
Believe me Arden, if I felt threatened, you would be dead.
You may know me better as General Calsifer, he said and stopped, eyeing the tiger that stood with his ears back.
I knew it, she said to the tiger who gave a flick of his tail.
Where have you been these two years? Lady Mage Aisling and Prince Balien had their spies out looking for you. I even returned to Urima Manor to seek you out. Do you know what turmoil the Lady and your brother have been through because of you?
I couldnt return. We feared my location had been compromised when Mage Cordis went missing.
We? Calsifer questioned strongly, his military voice taking over. She flicked her eyes to the tiger.
What is Cain really doing? she asked before he could reply.
Searching for a Mage. That is all I know, he answered as his calmer voice took over. Youyou do know who Cain is, yes? His voice fell and he took a step closer. He is Prince Nolen. Do you remember him?
Her mouth parted, and she looked towards the fire. I have not seen him since I was seven. I was spirited away from Kilkiny Palace before he took up residence.
You need to return to Anatoly City immediately. I will send Aisling a bird that Ive found you, but you need to be on your way by morning.
Thank you, General, but we will make our own plans.
Lady Aisling is the only person holding Anatoly together! Queen Miranda has squandered the money reserves on public relations and forgotten what it is to be a leaderif she ever knew. Squatters from Cinibar take land across the Ellonine year by year while Shalaban lands ships off the Myron Islands. Do you know the Islands fell to them last year? Anatolians on them are enslaved, and Ive not mustered the strength to free them because Miranda denies there is a problem.
Robyn looked down at her tiger who kept his eyes on Calsifer. We are heading north. I should like to stay with the party until they divert, then I will return to Anatoly City.
Very well.
She gave a sharp nod. Do you remember my warden Mage Cordis? He nodded. He went missing on his way to the City. Did you ever hear anything suspicious two summers ago? Vigilantes or outlaws or anything strange on the Cendal Road?
I never did. I thought Nolen might be searching for him on this trip actually. Be careful around Prince Nolen. He has a reputation for snapping his temper easily. Ive heard and seen enough things to know his well-earned repute. Stay out of his path.
Thank you, General. Robyn nodded. As he turned she added, Im sorry I let you down.
The palace is not always safe, and safe is a relative term.

Robyns shame weighed heavily on her. She had been living the life of ease thinking all was well when people needed her. Selfishly she hoped to linger as long as possible in the cottage with no outer contact, and all this time her people suffered. How could I have been so foolish?
Gabriels warm tiger frame curled up beside her, and she rested her head on his arms. Mercifully, he said nothing after Calsifer left, and when he eventually did speak, it was to ask about Nolen. Robyn knew little of him, and even in Urima Manor stories about him had been few. She knew he had a twin sister and an exiled father. She never considered Nolen was a Mage, since when she knew him, he had yet to attain an Element. She furrowed her brow. How could I have overlooked such obvious details?
By morning she was still glum, but the party continued north and she did not deviate their path. General Calsifer rode closer to her than usual until she gave him a glare that sent him away. The last thing she needed was her cousin identifying her. She still had not worked out his motives, but she was sure they could not be trusted.
They continued north for two days before camping a few miles south from the town of Sabin. They were main producers of leathers and dyes for Anatoly, and even at this distance the air mixed with fermenting smells. After they set camp, Prince Nolen, the General, and a few men headed into Sabin for news and drinks. Robyn had a few hours to herself to rest as Gabriel slept, his breath puffing the dirt before him. Calsifer was the first to return, riding Araybiatt hard into the camp before reining in by Robyns tent.
Ive word from Lady Aisling. She thinks that Nolen is searching for Mage Cordiss son Gabriel, and Nolen has mobilized his Air Guard. He dismounted and let Araybiatt catch his breath. Have you heard from Mage Gabriel since you fled?
Robyn reeled from the declaration when his words caught up with her. Waitwhat?
I knew this would happen. I thought when we stopped by Urima Manor that Nolen may be looking for the Mage Cordis or his son, or
Youve come from Urima? Why did you not tell me? she hissed under her breath.
It was inconsequential.
So Aisling thinks Nolen is after my Gabriel, Robyn growled and clenched her fists.
Your Gabriel? Calsifer scoffed. Its been years since you left him.
Robyn balled her fists at her side. I never left him. Hes right here! she whispered and pointed to the ground. Calsifer looked around the trees, peered into the tent, and glanced over his shoulder at the men in camp. General. He snapped his head back at her and slowly followed her pointed finger to the golden tiger.
Calsifer met the blue eyes of the tiger unblinking, and his mouth parted. Its not possible.
It is for a Class Ten Mage, Robyn whispered. Gabriel put his ears back and sent her a glare. He needs to know. What does Nolen want with him?
Calsifer was still looking at the tiger. Stick your tongue out, and raise your left paw.
Its him, be still, Robyn snapped.
Calsifer cleared his throat and straightened his coat. I dont know what the Prince wants, but Aisling said he mobilized his Air Guard south.
At that moment Nolen trotted into camp. Robyn pushed pass Calsifer and marched over to the Prince as he dismounted.
Hullo, Zodie, was all he got out before Robyn pushed him square in the chest. He raised his hand at her but decided otherwise.
I am tired of gallivanting around like a trained sheep. Youre going to tell me who we are looking for and why, or I am leaving tonight, she snapped. The eyes of the camp were on her now, waiting to see if the man would answer or dismiss her. I will know if you lie.
He scanned the men before meeting her eyes. Do you know the Queens Mage Advisor, Lady Aisling? he asked.
Robyn shrugged.
Years ago she lost a dear friend of hers, a Mage Cordis. We have been following leads all the way to Sabin, and while I have not located the Mage, I believe I found the men who abducted him. By tomorrow everything should righten itself, and you can return to your cabin. He gave a small forceful smile. The cut on his lip was healing straight. Now, would you like to push me again and see where that gets you?
I think the first got its point across, she replied and left. As she returned to her tent, Gabriel and the General were gone, but it took only a moment to track their prints far into the forest.
She found them in a small depression in the earth surrounded by old gnarled trees that offered solid cover. Gabriel was in his human form, seated back against a fallen tree, and the General stood not far off, bending his knees with a delighted smile.
Why are you out here? she whispered.
Nolens lying, Gabriel replied. Calsifer says Nolen and Aisling are enemies. He would never do anything nice for her, and I would be surprised if she told him my father went missing to begin withit would raise too many questions that would point back to you. We, the three of us, are leaving tonight.
Calsifer nodded. I cannot say for sure where the Air Guard is, but I am hoping they are still a day away. This time of day an army would make camp, and seeing as there is no camp, we should be safe.
Robyn pointed to his bent knees with question, and Calsifer looked in Gabriels direction.
His ligaments needed inflating, Gabriel answered. He was garbed in his usual black trousers, white shirt, with a pair of sturdy-looking canvas shoes. He could never alter the color of a fiber, but he was deft at finding the correct colors in nature unless he was being lazy, in which case all his clothes were gray. We will head for Anatoly City staying off the roads to avoid the army.
You two rest up until then. It will be a long while before we can stop for rest in case Nolen chooses to pursue us.
Which of us does he want? Robyn asked.
Theres no telling, Your Grace, Calsifer replied.
Robyn looked at him strangely. No one had called her that in years. We should retire with the sun.
Stay up and have supper to give Nolen no reason to suspect, Calsifer corrected.
They returned to the camp from different directions at different times, and Robyn suffered through another meal with Nolen, all the while watching him thinking I know your secrets, cousin.
Gabriel wearily transformed into human form once supper was over, and they locked themselves inside their tent.
Ready for a long night? he asked, tightening the band on his trousers with a pattern. He opted out of making a shirt and instead pulled a blanket to his bare neck.
We should have seen this coming, she sighed, lying back into the blankets.
Ive always been too trusting, he admitted, pillowing his head with a hand. There is time to talk later. Sleep while you can. He closed his eyes.
She turned her head to look at him, surprised he had not changed into tiger form, but she said nothing, happy he was comfortable beside her as a man. It was the first time he had done such a thing, but before she could inquire, his breathing changed as he drifted off. Must be nice to fall asleep so easily, she mused.
She caught a few minutes of sleep here and there, listening to the noises of the camp. Gabriel slept soundlessly on his back with a hand over his bare stomach. Hed turned a few times, and the blanket was now half-draped across his stomach and hip. She watched the rise and fall of his torso under the moonlight streaming through the tent canvas. His outline looks silver. He was as handsome a man as she had ever seen, gentle and trustworthy to match. She could not deny a part of her wanted to call him her own, but she knew she could never have him. He was too great a Mage and she would water his bloodline. Still.
She cautiously reached a hand out to him. Other than massage or a rare embrace, she never touched him, never truly. Ever so carefully she laid her fingertips on his stomach and waited to see if he would wake. When he did not, she gently pulled her fingers across, feeling the curves and dips of his torso until two fingers stopped atop a rib. He had a solid contact, and she had always wanted to feel if he was as strong as he looked. When he did not wake, she dragged her fingers down to his hipbone. It took her a long, distracted moment to realize his breathing changed.
Woman, youre in dangerous territory, he said softly, causing her to jerk her hand back with a squeak.
Mortification painted her face as she put her hand over her mouth. I am so sorry, I thought you were asleep.
That makes it better how? he asked slowly.
I didnt mean to offend
Im not offended
Can you ever
His suddenly sat up, and his whole body tensed. His fingers flicked and sent a pattern out away from camp. Thousands of men. An army, he whispered. Its just over the next rise. Theyre coming.
Robyn jerked her boots on and strung her bow, and Gabriel grabbed her arm and pulled her around to face him. I will hold them back if they are here for you. If not, you need to stay with the General and get out of the battle. Either way, run as fast as you can from here.
Gabriel, can you fight an army?
He clenched his jaw and thinned his lips. Ive never killed a man before.
She nodded. Again, Im sorry.
His eyes looked pained and she felt a spike of adrenaline as she expected a damning retort, but before his body changed to tiger form, he managed to get out, Id be lying if I said I didnt like it.
She gaped for a moment as he vanished through the tent flap, feeling her chest clench with longing at this new revelation. For a feeling second she saw her whole world encompassing him if they made it to Kilkiny Palace, and she realized the desire she denied herself could be actualized if he shared her feelings. She rushed after him to ask what he meant, but he was yards away and trotting to Calsifers tent.
Outside the camp was still awake. The fire burned high, and Nolen sat looking as pleased as a pigeon. She rushed to the Generals tent and woke him, but Gabriel stuck a paw out and grabbed her leg. He shook his head. Were too late, Robyn realized, and thought for certain she heard horses not far off. A crackle in the brush far behind her sent her jumping, and she searched for moving shadows.
Gabriel turned and walked into camp, leaving Robyn in the shadows as Calsifer readied Araybiatt. Eyes looked up as the tiger walked in without his usual companion. Gabriel came to the center, yards off from the fire, and stopped before Nolen. In the span of two heartbeats, he transformed and stood to the chorus of gasps. A few men even turned and ran, certain the veil to the spirit world had opened and revealed a specter.
Nolen smiled coyly taking time to brush himself off. Oh, there you are.
Robyns face felt cold as the blood drained from it. He knew. He knew all along.
The men in the camp were silent as their eyes flitted from the Prince to the Mage.
Gabriel folded his arms over his white shirt. What do you want, Prince Nolen? That statement got a few titters out of some.
Ah, Nolen said and raised a finger. If I said, I would not get it. So, will you come to Anatoly City with me like a good pet, or will I need to use force? He reached into a coat pocket and pulled out a large copper band. This is for you to wear.
Robyn did not know what the object was, but by Gabriels reaction she knew it was something foul. Gabriel threw his hand up with a sliver of light between his fingers and hurled it at the Prince. Nolen jerked his hand back, and it clipped a smoldering hole in his sleeve. He clenched his jaw and bared his teeth.
Gabriel stopped and looked around at the tree line. Calsifer grabbed Robyns arm and pulled her up before she could think to react.
I cannot leave him, she hissed and realized they were not alone in the forest. From the darkness, men in red coats sifted from shadow to shadow. Some bore a white sash marking them an officer, but all had blue-and-gray lariats hanging from their left shoulders to state Air Guard status.
Calsifer kicked Araybiatt and cut his way through the men who were not interested in him. Robyn grabbed his shoulders. I cannot leave him! Take me somewhere I can see him. There, she pointed to an outcropping of rock. You must.
She looked behind her and for a moment caught Gabriels gaze. It was him they were after all along. The destrier cut to the right, and she lost his gaze to the trees.

Chapter 14
Gabriel had studied enough battles to know the majority of them ended when the leader was killed. He wasted no time rushing through the flames of the campfire and hurling a handful Nolens way. The slow gather of Spirit energy around him told him there were thousands of men approached, and he focused only on the object clutched in Nolens hand.
Cordis once told Gabriel of all the Castrofax and the Mages known to be shackled by them. They were made in half a dozen materials and had different properties, but all damned a Mage to slavery and blocked their Elements. Gabriel had only seen sketches of a few in his books: a black one shaped in a wavy line, a marble one with a point in the front. This Castrofax looked as though it could be any of the other four with its straight continuous line. The fear seized up every muscle in his body. He knew he had to do everything in his power to escape the trap forming around him.
I will kill every man in your legion! he yelled as he let the flames encase his body. Men of this Age would never have seen a Mage do such a thing, and he hoped it would frighten the less-seasoned soldiers away. Do you really wish death on all these people?
Nolen laughed before he turned to leave. Enjoy your last moments as a free man, he called before motioning for attack. The camp suddenly became alive with the shouts of a thousand voices and the ring of a thousand drawn swords.
Gabriel let patterns fly to his hands without discernment. He began with defensive Earth patterns, drawing energy from the trees around him, throwing up mounds of soil, creating barriers and blocks and distractions. Reaching, he found no Water energy; not a stream or raincloud or spilled mug. Men poured into the firelight brandishing swords and spears, their faces angry and determined.
He laid a side-slide pattern and moved the soil around him sharply. His attackers slipped and fell on their faces as the ground ripped up like a rug. Dropping the spreader Fire pattern across his skin, the fire around him shot out in a circle like a dying star and drew back in. He channeled into the ground beneath his feet. He formed a web-pattern that recreated the substance of a spiders web and set it between a dozen trees. Lastly, he made a Tarmen-blast that shot rocks and soil from around him high into the air.
The sharp scream of an arrow passed by his ear. He ran through the patterns he knew as he fueled another side-slide pattern to jerk the ground before him, searching for something to stop arrows. Soldiers bypassed his earthworks, so he reached far back into his memory for the darker patterns he was told never to use unless his life depended on them.
May the stars damn me. I will kill them all to be free of a Castrofax.
He formed a dozen light-shards of compressed energy and sent them flying into the crowd. The first man to fall was but a boy. His gaze lingered on Gabriels before death took him from his knees to his face. Gabriel would never forget the haunting look. He formed a dozen more with a guilty conscious. They skipped through the men, passing through a couple before they faded out. A chorus of screams assaulted his aural senses as smoke and fire toyed with the rest of them.
Another arrow shot passed him, clipping his forearm. The pain was fleeting as he forced it to the back of his mind. Summoning Fire again, he drew a wide ring around him to hold off the men getting past his defenses.
The razor-pattern would be enough to take many soldiers out, so he moved his hands in fluid triangular movements. He drew the lines of the pattern, connected them, and fueled it. A faint green light shot out from his chest in a circle, kissing the edges of leaves in the trees.
Bring him down! Nolens voice bellowed in the foray.
Gabriel clenched his fist and abruptly jerked it down, loosening the leaves from their branches. A sharp pain exploded from his shoulder and threw him to his back, but the pattern was already fueled, and he had to wait only seconds for the fluttering leaves to touch down. Sharp as razors, the leaves cut through anything they touched. Shouts and screams mixed with his own as his shoulder shot pain through his torso.
He found a solid arrow buried deep and when he tried to rise, he realized it had stuck itself in the soft loam beneath him. He snapped the slender shaft, sending blinding pain through his body, and left the rest in his back where he could not reach it. As he rose, an older solider with flame licking his black trousers jumped over an earthwork and drove the head of his spear towards Gabriels torso. Gabriel did not have enough time to lay the pattern he wanted, so he rolled sideways as the spear cut through the soft flesh above his hip and drove itself in deeply.
A root of the nearest tree shot up at the man, piercing him in his chest, and he died quietly suspended and burning. Gabriel pulled the spear free and stood, flicking exploding patterns into the oncoming soldiers as he kept his cries of pain inside. He pulled up the fire he sent into the soil, this time closer to where he believed Nolen to be, and screams filled his ears. He knew thousands of patterns, but only so many were for attacking and defending.
He formed a white puzzle he liked to call the ash-pattern, a pattern he had created. It worked with heat energy but was not fire, and when it made contact with anything, it turned the object to ash. He never tried it on a human, but as he sent it into the army, he remembered the pattern was created to better carve stone and wood. With it he carved off the faces and limbs of men unfortunate to follow orders from a man who did not know what they were dealing with. It sickened him.
He felt something constrict tightly around his legs and threaten to topple him over, and as he wheeled his arms to stay balanced, he shot a string of Spirit into the sky and opened his hand. Dozens of lightning fingers streaked across the cloudless sky, striking where he directed. It was not enough to break Nolens concentration on the pattern wrapped around Gabriels calves. A man splintered into blackened ash before something solid struck Gabriel in the face.
It sent him to his back, bloodying his lip against a tooth and pushing the arrowhead deeper. He saw the flash of an Air pattern before it struck him again, this time in the throat. He slammed a fist into the ground and opened the earth up, sending the fissure in Nolens direction. Both patterns vanished from him.
He stood, gasping, and sent pinch-patterns out, filtering into the brains of soldiers to pinch nerves and veins. Some men fell instantly, others took a few strides before collapsing, while a few writhed in pain and stumbled blindly forward. Advancing soldiers pushed them aside continuing their march. It sickened Gabriel deeper. This or the Castrofax, he repeated in his head.
Stamping a foot into the ground, he sent the earth before him launching at a group of soldiers. With his hands he molded the soil to wrap around them like a cocoon, trapping a dozen men beneath the mound. Seeing the success of the pattern, he threw two more to his sides where the men were thickest.
Ive never fought so many men at onceI dont know how this works. His mind seeped doubt as overwhelming feelings sank into him. Soldiers came from every direction, each one with a purpose to wound him until he could no longer fight. The sensation turned his stomach.
The smell of blood and smoke rose around him. Men screamed, and Gabriel resisted the urge to run and heal them. Instead he sent a ball of blue fire bouncing through the army.
He felt the slice of another arrow pierce through his leg and collide solidly with his femur. He opened his mouth in a silent scream and doubled over. Heat rushed up his face as the pain throbbed with every heartbeat. Grasping the slender shaft he yanked the arrowhead free and screamed as it broke through his flesh. A flash of red permeated his peripheral vision, and he shot a beam of fire into whatever man broke through his defenses, hearing their sharp exhale of breath before there was nothing else.
He fell to the knee of his unwounded leg and swooned against the blood loss. Putting a hand on his side, he felt it slick with blood, and he saw it had bled down his shirt into his trousers. The shaft, still lodged in his shoulder, limited his movement, and now the arrow to his leg gave him a sick realization that the leg was compromised. Sweat dripped down into his eyes, and he wiped a hand across his brow inhaling deeply, feeling the drain the Elements took on his body. Stamina dictated how long he could continue. It could be built with time, but he had grown soft.
He pulled apart pieces of a fallen soldiers coat, and used the red thread to bind his waist and wrap a tourniquet around his thigh. There was nothing he could do for the other wounds, so he mustered his strength and slowly climbed back on his feet, favoring his right leg. Pushing through the screaming in his head and ears, he continued to battle for his freedom.
The men were closer now, kicking dirt over his fire barrier and pushing frightened horses to jump over. He reached out again for Water energy and felt it far away, someone swirling a canteen. Seizing the energy Gabriel flicked his thumb, index and middle finger at the cavalrymen, filling their windpipes with water from their own bodies. Once riderless, the horses bolted.
Should I bury myself and hold a defensive position? he wondered but knew they would break through eventually, and he could be trapped. He had sparred with many Mages while training in Jaden, but this was beyond the pale. No Mage could consider training for such battle because it was inconceivable. Then show them what a Class Ten can do.
Pages of patterns, tomes of movements and details of new patterns filled his mind. He selected one. People saw the stars as wondrous and terrible. They cursed by and praised with their names. Legends said the first Water Mage was born of the sea, the first Air Mage formed when the four winds collided, but the first Spirit Mage fell from the stars. Meet those stars you so love.
He reached heavenward and extended his hand to the dark night sky. Ahead the stars twinkled, and the gibbous moon sat fat in the west. While the stars gave off their own energy, Gabriel could not feel them, but their pinpricks in the velvet of darkness were all he needed to create an illusion. He threw lines of Spirit from his chest through his fingertips and lost them in the darkness. There were thousands of stars in the sky, and he chose the most brilliant. Securing thousands of strings of Spirit to each pinprick, he solidified the end of each thread to turn it into a glowing orb.
Men stopped to see why the Mage with his hand to the sky was not fighting, and for a moment even the screaming dimmed. Gabriel felt the pattern wane on his stamina and was grateful when it was finished and fueled. To the untrained eye the night sky looked the same.
Gabriel looked in Nolens direction and gave the man a moment to call his men back, but the Prince did not know the pattern. He couldnt have known it; it was Gabriels.
Gabriel drew his hand down sharply, feeling every thread pull on the framework of his body. For a moment there was nothing. Then one man shouted and pointed skyward as a glittering star grew closer. As faces rose to see, thousands of stars fell shrieking to the earth. To an uneducated soldier, it looked as though the heavens had loosed their hold on the stars, but a skilled Mage would see little balls of compressed energy.
The stars fell and gained speed before crashing down. Each orb was the size of a plate and had enough energy to fall, bounce at least once, and fall again, killing two if not more before evaporating. Soldiers screamed in horror, some ran, some bellowed of the end of days. Gabriel found himself on his good knee again, forgetting when he fell. He listened to the chorus of screaming and felt he might sick up. Flashes of light hauntingly illuminated him.
He looked to see if Robyn had gone. She never left, and she stood atop a cliff shaking a canteen. He made sure the stars had not fallen near her.
The flows of Spirit energy were slowing down with each death, but there were still so many more advancing. He tried to rise to his feet but fell back down to his knee. His wounds screamed at him, and sweat stuck his shirt to his skin. He tried to rise again, failing. He would have to continue the battle from his knee.
He selected a pattern not seen in an Age and split the largest trees up the center. Every time he bent a finger, a massive tree fell forward, opening the split like a cavernous maw, and slammed down onto the soldiers. The trees closed their mouths and straightened, or threw their tops high and flung the men into the darkness. The crunch of bones and pop of joints filled the air for a moment. The soldiers scurried around, trying to avoid the flailing trees, only to be caught up in an absent Fire pattern and light-shards. Gabriel called lightning down again, feeling it drain his stamina.
This or the Castrofax. Murder hundreds for my freedom. How can I honestly justify that? He stopped for a moment, keeping his ring of protective fire high. I must. My power in the hands of a man like Nolen would be disastrous.
He sent a creeping-choke pattern to his left where the soldiers were thickest, pulling men to the ground with wild vines. He gathered Water energy and threw balls of icy water that wrapped around a man and froze. The air was nearly parched of water, but Gabriel knew how to draw it from the earth or people. Hurling the last of the wrapping-balls, he expended the water close by.
One of Nolens patterns suddenly formed around him in a dome, blocking sound and heat. It constricted and forced him to crouch lower. Forming a green pattern, he blew the bottom of the dome off and broke its connection, frizzling it back to nothing. A solid object hit him in the small of his back, and he realized Nolen was mustering his strength again.
Gabriel did not bother rising but instead threw balls of blue fire in Nolens direction. By now many trees were alight and branches snapped and crashed to the floor. The air was filled with crackling flames, neighing horses, and dying men.
A section of his fire barrier suddenly died from an Air pattern, and a moment later a rider pushed a stout charger through. Gabriel wasted no time seizing a rock and launching it at the rider with an Earth pattern. It struck the man in the chest and pierced through, and as the man screamed and fell, Gabriel realized the scream was too high-pitched to be male.
He somehow stumbled three paces before his leg could bear his weight no longer, and he crumpled by the side of the woman. Her helm had fallen, revealing shorter brown hair tied back messily. While she was not the fairest of maidens, he could see the femininity in her eyes. He looked into them with uncertainty, knowing he could heal her but would cost him stamina. Blood came to her mouth as she coughed violently, her chest filling with fluid.
Hold on, he commanded and flicked together a white delve-pattern to feel for the damage. Inhale and hold the breath. She sucked in, gurgling while trying to keep the air in. He sent a healing patterns through her chest, mending skin, repairing bone, and attaching nerves. It took only a moment before she began coughing again; her lungs alleviated.
The wideness of her eyes lessened, and she put a hand on his shoulder and gripped his shirt. Im so sorry, she whispered.
He felt something cold wrap around his left wrist as her warm fingers brushed him.
He wrenched away from her grasp and fell back on his free arm to look at his wrist. A copper band that glowed a faint yellow in the center secured around it, and as he turned his arm, he saw it bore no seam. He grabbed at it with his free hand to yank it lose, pry it open, or slip it over his hand to no avail. Panic flooded through him, and he grabbed the soldiers boot knife before he knew what he was doing. He put the blades edge against the side of his wrist, prepared to cut the damned thing off, starting with his hand.
Stop! the woman yelled a moment before a crossbow quarrel drove into his upper ribs. The force threw him back so hard it shoved the air from his lungs and shot pain through his torso. The knife made a sharp line across his thumb before it fell from his hand.
Areare they trying to kill me? he wondered, gasping. It was now not just a battle for his freedom, but for his life. Gabriel tried to rise, but the woman put a hand in the center of his chest and held him down, forcing the arrow through his shoulder into the soil.
Its better if you dont struggle, she said. As her hand went to the quarrel Gabriel saw another two riders break through the fire barrier.
Ive not lost yet. He threw his hand in their direction, but before he could release a pattern, an arrow took one out in the temple. Happy coincidence, he thought a moment before the other rider fell with an arrow to the back of the skull. Robyns joined the fight.
He pushed the woman off him and tried to sit as more riders filtered through his barrier. They dismounted quicker than the fired arrows, and only two more soldiers fell. The women descended on him, some going for a leg as he kicked. Others toppled onto his torso, and somewhere in the fray, a second cold band slipped around his right wrist. Adrenaline poured through him as he fought back, striking one in the nose and feeling it break. He called Earth to him and drew a creeping-choke pattern to wrap around three women, pulling them back and off him, but more soldiers were coming.
He reached skyward and called lightning down, feeling its hot crackle strike beside him to split a man in twain and throw a woman back past the fire barrier. In the crashing he heard someone yell to grab his hands, and two strikes later both hands hit the ground spread-eagle. One woman sat on a hand while a man knelt on the other, stopping his mobility completely. Two more soldiers knelt over his calves to keep him from kicking. A man fell to his right with an arrow notched in his eye.
Through the flames Nolen strode triumphantly, his coat blown out behind him. An arrow streaked for his skull but bounced off an air shield he held. He stepped up between Gabriels legs and stood above him, his feet on either side of Gabriels ribs. Gabriel must have been a sight for Nolen, bleeding from his face and sides with a quarrel and an arrow shaft stuck in him, muddied and sweaty, and in the most vulnerable position he could think of.
Another arrow bounced off Nolens shield.
And so it was the Class Ten who caused the stars to fall fell to a Mage half his Class, Nolen whispered.
Dont, Gabriel spat, bordering on pleading. What do you want of me? I will come with you but please
Nolen held up a finger. Let us not say the Class Ten begged for his life in the end. He bent and took a knee as he pulled the neckpiece Castrofax from his coat. It glimmered in the firelight as though alive. A soldier grabbed Gabriels hair while another put a hand under his jaw and pulled his head back exposing his neck. Gabriel strained at his limbs to no avail; the soldiers were too heavy. His body tensed as his breath rasped in his throat.
Please, he whispered as Nolen stretched his hands forward. The last thing he heard was the click of the Castrofax as it closed around his neck.

Chapter 15
Councilman Dagan had been asked not to leave Castle Jaden, but he left anyway, bent for the small city of Brisbane Dale. It was just within the border of Jaden. In the outskirts of town, he sat comfortably in the house of Councilman Kieran. His friend had vanished suddenly in the middle of one afternoon. A moment with his children, and the next he was simply gone with no trail. Councilman Kierans young wife was beside herself with grief.
Lilly sat across from him, a handkerchief in one hand as she dabbed at her eyes. Kieran married a much younger woman and fathered three children by her. By all looks they were a happy family. There was no reason for Kieran to leave. Despite being urged to move to Castle Jaden, Lilly remained in her home in case Kieran returned.
Their youngest son Liam, a babe no older than two, sat by the little hearth playing with a doll. The other two children screamed outside playing a chasing game.
Dagan, tell me truthfully, was he involved in something the Head Mage would no let him speak of? Lilly asked, her eyes red and her lips pert from crying. She was a pretty little thing, though a tad frail of health. An Earth Mage as well, she came from the southern horse country Aidenmar.
No, Lilly. His status as a Councilman makes him a target. That is all I can offer.
She nodded and dabbed at her eyes again. Liam, don play with tha, she said halfheartedly in her thick Aidenmarian accent and waved a hand in the childs direction. What will I do if he does no return?
Let us not think on that. I have faith he is well and He was cut off suddenly by the childrens screaming in the yard turning sharply from playful to terror.
With three children himself, he had the protective instincts of a father, and he launched out of his chair in unison with Lilly and ran to the nearest window. The children were nowhere to be seen, but a shriek came from the other side of the house. Lilly tore down the stairs screaming Jamie! Addley!
Dagan followed closely behind, darting through the dark house and glancing through every window for signs of distress. They rushed through a salon, and Dagan stopped dead with a gasp as Lilly kept running. Outside the window was Kieran, but it was not Kieran.
The shadowy outline of his friends features was held together by a faint blue light that emanated from the mans body. But Dagan could also see through the man to the road behind him. There was no flesh, no life, only the image of the man. A specter, Dagan knew, and felt his skin prickle. Specters were only seen when there was a tear in the veil that held back the spirit world, and it was nearly as rare as a blue moon.
Dagan looked harder and saw the man was wounded, missing an ear and a finger, weeping dark blue blood from a dozen wounds. His clothes were tattered and his hair mussed. A blank expression plastered his face. The specter was after something, and Dagan heard a little girl scream. He made for the door, and it occurred to him he had not heard the older boy cry recently.
He raced to the back door and nearly collided with Lilly who stood clutching her skirts. He looked around her and saw the little boy standing still, a blank expression on his face, with skin as gray as rock. Dagan skirted around Lilly and grabbed the boys shoulders to find they were solid. His body had no give to it; his skin was hard and cold as stone. Oh stars, Jamie? Jamie! he yelled, shaking the statue. If there was life left in the boy, he did not show it.
Lilly started running again yelling for her daughter, and Dagan lost her around the house. He followed after and heard the little girl scream again. He skidded around the corner and saw the specter put a kiss on the childs head. The girl opened her mouth to scream, but rapidly her skin changed from pale pink to gray starting with her thrown-up arms. Before the child had a chance to take a breath, the transformation was complete, and what was once a little girl was now a cold stone statue.
The specter turned towards his wife walking smoothly as though his feet did not actually touch the ground. He extended his arms to her, and she wept uncontrollably, muttering nonsense as she looked at him and back to her daughter.
Do not let him touch you! Dagan yelled. The woman made no effort to move as the specter reached for her. Lilly move! Before he could lay an Earth pattern to push her away, the specter wrapped her up and kissed her tenderly on the lips. The tears on her cheeks turned to stone as her screwed-up face froze. She had no time to break away as the transformation spread to her torso and down her legs. The Earth pattern Dagan laid fell from his fingers as terror and grief swelled in his chest.
The specter broke away from her and turned towards the house. Dagan quickly dashed back inside. Liam was still playing by the hearth, griming his fingers in the ashes. Dagan snatched him up and held him closely as he pounded back down the stairs and out the front door. His horse was in the stable, and he had just enough time to throw a bridle on the mare when the specter glided through the doors. Dagan dragged the horse out at a trot and clambered atop, still holding the little boy. Kicking her hard, he bolted through the doors before the specter could reach Liam. He steered her towards Jaden, a half-day ride at a canter, and did his best to stay on without a saddle.
That settled it. Kieran was not only lost to them, but Ryker Slades unmistakable fingerprint was on this death. Legends said the Mage had an unnatural hold on the spirit world. He could channel it to bring horrors into reality. Dagan had his suspicions on how the man was capable of such things, but if anyone knew, no one said. The revelation of the specter proved Slade was up to his old games. The Councilman suddenly felt very vulnerable.

Chapter 16
For a moment everything slowed. Sound faded to a dull hum, pain ceased, and the lights of the fires blurred to indiscriminant baubles. Gabriel could hear only his breath in his chest as he inhaled sharply and promptly forgot what to do next.
His Elements, once powerfully coursing through his veins, reduced to a faint prickle in his chest. His eyes remained wide open as his body and mind fought to find the Elements. The energies of the world, ever present, were now but a faint trickle through his skin. He extended his conscious to grasp hold of the energies only to feel them slip away like smoke. His held breath began to fight for release, reddening his face as his body tensed every muscle. He remembered to exhale.
Everything rushed back at him at once. Vision sharpened, pain shot through him, and sounds of battle and screaming filled his ears. He was not sure if it was he who was screaming.
Let him go, hes harmless now, Nolens voice said above him. The hands and bodies on him released, but Gabriel remained where he lay. His mind kept him in a state of shock as he processed the last few moments over and over again, trying to change the outcome to no avail. Overhead the stars blurred in fuzzy pinpoints.
Spirit Mage! the Prince yelled. Voices sounded around him and people shuffled in and out of his vision, but he lacked the strength to move. His lips parted wider as he sucked in a shaky breath and tears slid down the sides of his face.
An older man in a yellow mantle came into his vision, a face he did not recognize. By his mantle Gabriel knew him to be a healer. Battle Mages always accompanied legions to help heal the wounded.
Fix him up. Make him ready for travel, Nolen commanded, standing off to the side of Gabriels vision.
Hes far gone, mLord, the man said in a thick backwoods accent. Hes lost a lot o blood.
Fix him quickly then, Nolen snapped.
The Mage swiftly began sealing the wound to his leg. MLord, Mage Aries was killed in the foray, and Mages Dareis and Melen dispersed to heal. I cannot heal him fully and still have stamina to tend to the rest.
Stitch him up and leave the rest for Lady Aisling.
The Mage nodded and lifted his hand from Gabriels leg sealing the long gash on his hip. This will hurt, he said as he put a palm beside the quarrel. He yanked it free, but Gabriel did not scream. The quarrel had pierced deeply, and the work to repair it would take a while, but as the Mage worked, Gabriel realized he was only patching the skin.
I aint never seen such a thing in all my life, the Mage whispered as he worked. Gabriel judged him to be a Class Four by his handle of the patterns. Falling stars. Bless me! The bardsll sing o that for Ages. Nah I dont know Lady Aislings skill in healing, so you must tell her to mend the bones in your leg and ribs. The ribs arent broken bad, but need some patching. Ill need to roll you to your side to get the shaft, so stay with me. He had a pleasant voice through the chaos in Gabriels mind.
The Mage rolled Gabriel to his right side and pulled the shaft free. It just went through muscle, yer a lucky man. Gabriel inhaled and felt the pain with every breath. I cant mend it fully. You must understand I have other men to tend to. Ill stitch the edges together, just like that. He finished sealing the shoulder and rolled him back taking up Gabriels hand and leaning forward to meet his gaze. Imsorry.
He let Gabriels hand go and stood, giving the Prince a short report before running off to tend to the worst. Gabriel had still not moved or said a word, grappling with his mind that challenged reality to substitute his own. Fetch the wagon and load him up, Nolen stated.
Slowly Gabriel raised his wrists to look at the copper bands, cold against his flesh and glimmering in the firelight. He stared at them for some time while hoof beats sounded through the cries of the dying.
What did you do to him? a voice shouted, and for a moment Gabriel hoped it might be Robyn, but the voice was too deep to be a womans. He parted his wrists to look at the newcomer on a palomino palfrey.
Balien? Nolens disbelieving voice asked sharply. What are you doing here?
It had been years since Gabriel saw Balien, but the face was the same, though he had grown into a handsome man with slender legs, waist, and a thick torso. The golden hair was almost the same as Robyns. The Prince wore a red coat to blend in with the men, but the sword belted around his right shoulder was unlike the simple swords soldiers wore on their left hips. Balien kept a firm hold on his palfrey and looked down at Gabriel. I asked what you did to him.
And I asked what you are doing here.
Balien side-stepped his palfrey a pace towards Nolen and backhanded the Prince as hard as he could before smoothly dismounting. Nolen reeled back and flicked together a rod of Air, clubbing his cousin. Balien remained unbothered by something it looked like he was used to. He rushed to Gabriels side.
Brother? Look at me. What is wrong? Stars above, you are covered in blood. Can you hear me? He struck a high cord as his voice inflected concern. What is wrong with him?
Shock, I imagine, Nolen replied and turned to a soldier. Where is that wagon? Go find it!
Balien gripped Gabriels shoulders and gave him a shake. Brother, look at me. Gabriel met his eyes waveringly. Talk to me. Are you weakened? Have you lost so much blood? Did he do something?
Gabriel put a hand on his neck, feeling the neckpiece for the first time. Hesgelded me.
Wha?
My Elements, Gabriel choked out and felt the tears fall anew. Theyre gone.
Balien took a moment to sink in his words before he marched over to Nolen, and punched the man solidly in the jaw. Nolen managed to dodge the worst of it, but Baliens signet ring left an impression. You star-crossed fool, are you so blinded by greed? Remove those things at once!
Nolen chuckled and wiped his cheek. Not without killing him.
Explain.
The only way a Castrofax can be removed is if the Mage within dies.
Gabriel closed his eyes as the truth sank in. Trapped. Trapped forever.
Balien stood there stupidly, staring wide-eyed at Nolen before he pointed at the Prince. I will make your life a walking nightmare.
Nolen took a threatening step forward. With the power of a Class Ten at my fingers I am the strongest Mage alive, and by right I stand above your hierarchy. You would be wise to stay out of my way.
Balien leaned forward. You have no power over me. He turned back to Gabriel and took a knee. Brother, I will ride for the City and make ready for you. He gripped Gabriels shoulder for a lingering moment, his face unsure.
Go, Gabriel whispered. Balien nodded and jumped into his palfreys saddle. Kicking her sides, he sped northward out of Gabriels vision.
Why? Gabriel suddenly spat out, his voice heavy with emotion. In the momentary lapse of his focus, his mind reached out to seize Spirit, and he was cruelly reminded of his fate. For a moment he latched onto the Element, but in his fatigue it slipped loose, and he grunted as though punched. Nolen smiled a little.
A lumbering carriage pulled up close by but could not reach them for the piles of bodies. The carriage looked like a moving prison painted black with two small barred windows and a well-locked door in the back. The driver jumped down and unlocked the backdoor.
Nolen pointed to several waiting soldiers and snagged a passing forth with a raw burn to the side of this face. Get him up and in the carriage.
Two men grabbed Gabriels arms lifted him. Gabriel made a pitiful attempt to resist but lacked the strength. Nolen followed them, twirling a set of three conjoined rings around one finger with a dark smirk. The men hefted Gabriel into the carriage and laid him on the bare and comfortless floor.
You, Nolen said to the man with the burn. Ride with him. Make sure he does not try to kill himself or escape. The man swallowed and gave a small nod. The doors shut behind him, locked by several deadbolts, and darkness fell on them. Blessedly, it was quiet inside.
The carriage lurched to a start, bouncing over several large objects that could only have been bodies. The soldier took a seat; his burned side turned towards Gabriel, and draped over his bent knees locking his fingers together. Gabriel watched him not sure what to say, and noticed the mans fingers trembled. He looked again at the face. He was young and average-looking with ears a little too wide and a nose too bold. The burn scarred well up into his hair line, melting his left ear and probably leaving his eye without use. When he blinked, the lid did not fully close. Blood still seeped from his cheek and ear, and his lips trembled a little in the dark.
How much pain are you in? Gabriel asked softly. His mind slipped loose from the shock as it fixated on something else. For a blessed few breaths, he forgot his fate.
The boy licked his lips. Im not to converse with captives.
Then grant me your name, and I will say no more.
The soldier gave a moments pause. Lieutenant Lex Shepherd.
Gabriel raised his hands and focused all his energy finding Spirit. Deep inside his chest, it stirred weakly, like a fluttering bird buffeted by storms, but he could still feel it. If his power was not completely gone, then at least he had some hope. He lay there for some time, struggling to seize hold of the Element he knew so well, waiting for strength to return. Finally he pulled the strings from his chest with a triumphant feeling and laid a healing pattern. Let us see which Castrofax this is.
He reached out a hand and snapped to get the boys attention. Lex looked like he would resist, but finally leaned to the side and raised his good eyebrow. Gabriel could usually apply a healing pattern without touching a person, but in his weakened state he did not think that possible. He touched a finger to the boys neck, and before Lex could pull back, Gabriel fueled the pattern.
The boy jerked back and raised a hand to his face as the skin mended, lifting the burns and scrapes to renew flesh, rebuilding the ear and eyelid, bringing light to the eye. The only thing that could not be rebuilt was the hair. Before Lex could run a hand over the new skin, Gabriel gasped and let out a silent scream as pain ripped through him.
The previously healed wounds on Gabriel tore back open, stretching wider this time and digging deeper. As he gasped in another breath he felt the weakened ribs give, flexing as he exhaled. Pain took vision from his eyes. The scream finally found its way to his lips, and with its dying note he lost consciousness.

Chapter 17
Robyn watched the battle from Araybiatts saddle, clamping her legs so tightly to the destrier that Calsifer had to keep him tightly reined. Her hands gripped the Generals shoulders as she watched volley after volley of men swarm forward only to fall back. The sounds of war filled her ears, battle cries followed by death throes. Some men even turned and ran when lightning began to fall from a cloudless sky, while others stopped to watch in horror.
After some time it occurred to her Gabriel had not used his Water Element and she knew he must have not been able to find its energy. Slipping from the saddle, she snagged Calsifers water canteen, dashed to the edge of the rock and shook it.
Majesty, please get down! Calsifer whispered and grabbing her shoulders, pulling her to a knee. If they take him, you will need to lie convincingly that you did not know his identity.
They will not take him, she replied defiantly. She had long ago lost track of the numbers dead, and at this distance, the piles of bodies could be anything from three to eight men each. She knew Gabriels skills, knew him well enough to have faith he would slay every man. He suddenly doubled over with an arrow in his right leg. That was right about the time the stars seemed to fall from the skies in a terrible and wonderful display of his might. She had never seen such a thing, and her respect for him grew. The battle felt like it raged for hours, but no more than twenty minutes passed.
The smile on her lips slipped as a rider broke through his defenses and Gabriel cast the man to the ground. As the horse skittered about the enclosure, to her surprise Gabriel went to the man. What is he doing? she whispered.
Calsifer leaned forward and squinted. Shes a member of the Maidens Calvary.
A woman, Robyn exhaled.
Gabriel suddenly reeled back, clutching something on his wrist before drawing a knife. A quarrel took him to his back and Robyn felt the sharp scream escape her lips. Sweet stars, hes not going to make this.
She jumped to her feet yanking her bow and quiver free. Riders filtered through his fire barrier, and she took one down, quickly followed by another. The distance was significant, but she had practiced for well on nine years.
Those are Maidens, Calsifer warned.
And thats my Gabriel theyre after, she replied, notching another arrow and picking her target. A bannerman fell with an arrow in his shoulder, and she cursed the distance. Stringing again, she took a woman down off to Gabriels far right. There was a scramble inside the barrier, and she feared hitting Gabriel, so she waited. When everything smoothed, Gabriel was pinned down with his limbs spread, and Nolen was advancing with a far-too-confident stride.
She took down a man crouching on Gabriels leg before directing her attacks on the Prince. The arrow bounced off him. She tried again. Curse you to the darkest skies!
She watched in horror as Nolen knelt over Gabriel with something metallic in his hands and put it around Gabriels neck. When Nolen stood, and the soldiers released their hold on Gabriel, Robyn finally realized what the object was. Gabriel lay where he had fallen and made no attempt to rise, though she could see his eyes were open.
A Castrofax, she whispered and brought her hands to her lips. The Generals face snapped up to look at her. Oh stars, Gabriel, no, no.
The Elemental-binding shackles? Calsifer asked and rose to his feet. But those were lost to the Agesor locked away in Castle Jaden.
Tears were in Robyns eyes, and as she blinked, they spilled over. No.
A man with golden hair rode up on a handsome palfrey, exchanged a few words and promptly backhanded Nolen. Balien? she whispered. What is he doing here?
Lady Aisling must have her fingers in this. He is her man.
You dont think she would have caused
No, Calsifer snapped. Never.
It had been years since she last saw her beloved brother, and even from this distance, he looked healthy and trim. Balien rose to his feet and suddenly punched the Prince. She blinked through her tears, astonished.
That was bold, Calsifer muttered. There was a brief conversation, and Balien vaulted back into his saddle and tore off; his palfrey hurtling the dead and dying.
Soldiers lifted Gabriel to his feet, but his knees buckled. Two more men stepped up and hefted him to their shoulders.
Is he paralyzed?
No, he moved, Calsifer replied. He is spent.
I must go to him, she said as the soldiers loaded him into a carriage.
Is that wise? Calsifer asked as she stalked off. He and the destrier followed. Remember to lie well.
She ran down the slope, jumping the bodies and ignoring the cries of men calling to her for help. It was a gruesome sight. Some men lay with cauterized burns, missing parts and limbs, while others had perfect holes cut through them. Body parts stuck out from trees, and to her left someone crawled their way out of the soil. Most of the men she stepped by were dead, and the few that lay dying were burned or wept blood.
The wagon pulled away with Gabriel, and she called for them to halt, though no one heard. Nolen looked up and smirked. She did not stop running towards the wagon, and a moment before she reached Nolen, she deviated her path and dove straight into him, taking him to his back. She scrambled to a seating position and let her fists fly, striking wherever she could gain purchase, clawing at his face and hair all the while screaming with tears falling down her cheeks.
Nolen put his hands together and a ball of air exploded between them, throwing her back a few feet away. As he stood, she saw he had raw scratches down his cheeks and bled from his nose and lip; the cut also reopened.
You think I did not know? he yelled at her, not allowing her time to rise. You were hiding his secret all along, and you think me stupid enough not to know?
She scrambled to her feet. What right do you have to take him from me? she yelled back. He was mine!
I am sure you will find another Mage to screw in due time, he snapped and wiped blood from his lip.
He doesnt know. He thinks we were lovers. He doesnt know who I am. Youve obviously never heard the legends of Class Ten lovers, being a Class Five yourself.
Is that a challenge, young lady? he snapped.
Watch your tongue, she hissed. And you will grant me five minutes with him when we return to Anatoly City.
I do not know what is so legendary about five minutes, the Prince laughed and wiped a cheek. And you should not be making demands after attacking me.
You took my life from me, the least you can do is give five minutes of it back.
He regarded her coolly. Fine. He brushed off his coat as he left to follow a healer.
She turned to leave, and saw General Calsifer standing off a little, a mildly amused look on his face. You are lucky he let you keep your fingers.
He cannot possibly wound me deeper than he already has. The streaks of wet tears on her cheeks collected dust in the scrabble, leaving tan lines down her pale skin. Willwill he hurt him?
There is no telling, my lady.
Calsifer managed to salvage a few blankets before the battle, and he took Robyn well outside the ring to camp down for the night.
How many men are here? she asked after passing hundreds.
Calsifer looked across the expanse. The Air Guard has four thousand men and two hundred Calvary Maidens in it.
He paused, and she prodded. And how many are dead?
Well, he sighed, it is easier to ask how many are still alive.

Balien rode his palfrey Ciblyne hard when he reached the Cendal Road. It was a straight shot to Anatoly City after crossing a slender bridge over the Ellonine River. Ciblyne was tired from the two day trek, but she was well trained and kept a steady canter. They rode through the night and were forced to rest for a few hours the next. Balien slept fitfully, his mind spinning from the battle. He did not know what Gabriel meant when he said his Elements were gone, but he heard stories of fabled Mage objects with such power. To his core he hoped the stories were false.
They rode on until night was nearly upon them and finally saw Anatoly City glimmering tan in the setting sun. Kilkiny Palace stood out among the grand buildings like a beacon. Lights already lit in her towers to guide the weary traveler. Ciblyne sensed home, and she gave one last surge of speed. Guards at the Winged Gate stopped every passenger to inspect their goods, but Balien pulled his standard from a saddlebag and held it high as they approached. The triangular crimson banner trailing behind him held a blue crossbow bolt over a gold falcon in flight. The guards moved aside to let him pass as he thundered through.
Ciblyne took herself to a gallop at his command, and he stood up in the stirrups as the shops and houses flew by. He held the banner aloft again passing the Queens Gate closest to the palace and kept it up as he galloped to the main doors. Liverymen ran to take his horse upon seeing his banner, and a guard opened a door to let him pass. He moved his weary body into a jog. The dust from the road blew off him, and he worked his way to the Queens apartments.
He held his breath as he rapped on Aislings door, curtailing himself to not rush in unannounced. She called for entrance.
She turned from her place by the hearth when he flung open the door, and her shapely brows went up. News, she exclaimed.
Gabriels been taken, Balien burst out. Nolen slaughtered most of the Air Guard to bring him down, and he has fastened some object to his neck that is keeping his Elements back. He had taken some serious wounds, and the Battle Mages were not adequate enough to heal him.
Aislings fingers pressed against her mouth, and he stopped his report. Werewere there rings around his wrists as well as his neck?
Balien remembered Gabriels harrowed stare, a look he would not soon forget. Yes.
Aislings voice caught in her throat, and she clenched her eyes shut. It took Balien a moment to realize she was holding back tears. Uncertain, he straightened his spine and averted his eyes until she lowered her hand, her passions under control. He had never been one to understand female emotions.
What color were they? she asked, the strength gone out of her voice.
Brassy? Copper perhaps. What does that mean? What is it?
She shook her head. Where is Gabriel?
There was a prison wagon with the army. With the wounds he took, I should hope they are speeding here.
How far out was the army?
A two day ride. They should not be far behind me.
I must write to the Head Mage. She said suddenly and rushed to her desk. She scratched something out, sanded the ink, and called for a page. When the page had instructions, he dashed off to the rookery.
What does this mean? Balien whispered.
Aisling suddenly looked up. Was Robyn with him?
II did not think to look for her.
She pressed her fingers to her lips again and took in a shaky breath. It means Gabriel has been taken by a Castrofax. He has been enslaved with no control of his Elements, and he will never be free of the objects until his life is claimed.
They do not come off? Balien asked in horror.
Not until he breathes his last breath, she whispered, and covered her face with her hands. Her voice broke as her shoulders shook. All this, and Mage Ryker Slade has escaped.
That was a name Balien recognized. Is he behind this?
Collaring the only Mage who could stand in his way? Yes, I would say Ryker is very much involved. Gripping onto her skirts, she took a few wavering breaths as the tears stemmed. Balien had never seen her show such emotion. How badly was Gabriel injured?
Balien took a moment to describe the wounds and how they looked when he left. She shook her head the whole time. Anger resolved in its place. I knew his father, you know. I watched the boy grow up and always thought to myself he is a strong one, that boy. That is why you and your sister were both fostered with him. I was there when he was given his Class, and I have never been so awed. To think a man so strong would be caught, it makes me realize we are so vulnerable.
No man should be made to fight a whole army. It is a wonder he lasted as long as he did.
This may be the end of us, she whispered.
Think not on such things, my Lady. Remember, Nolen is the man to blame for this.
She stood and brushed her skirts smooth. You are right. Gabriel will need allies. Let us put him in the third room, she said. It was Robyns old chambers. Balien opened his mouth to agree when the Palacekeeper, a plump woman named Elian, ran in surprisingly quick for her size and age.
My Lady, she said breathlessly, her cheeks red and her gray bun in disarray. A carriage has just arrived.
Aisling and Balien stood as one. Where did you put him?
I sent the soldiers to put the wounded man in the Sapphire Council Room.
Why not a salon?
Hes bleeding everywhere, my Lady, Elian replied, and Aisling ran out with Balien hot on her trail.
Make the spare room ready! Aisling yelled from down the hall.
A Lady of her distinction never ran, but tonight called for customs to be broken, and she flew down stairs and across the halls. Night was already upon them, and the lanterns were being lit as they tore across the long carpets of the east wing. Pageboys with candles stopped to watch them, knowing something terrible had happened. Gossip would be strong in the servants quarters tonight.
The Sapphire Council Room was the closest of the entertaining rooms to the main doors. Painted a deep gray-blue, a hundred star patterns that copied the heavens decorated the ceiling. Aisling rushed in, her twisted hair hung loosely around her shoulders. Three stretcher-bearers, the carriage driver, and a soldier in a tattered red coat met her. Two of the stretcher-bearers leaned across the edge of the long table in the center, blocking the man atop it, and the solider knelt on the wood, holding the weight of his hands on something. Balien saw Aisling give a small smile through her red eyes, and he thought it was a good sign that Gabriel had regained his senses and strength enough to fight back.
Step aside, Aisling commanded, and she strode up to the table. As the stretcher-bearers parted, her mouth fell agape. More light.
Gabriel lay on his back, his head turned to the side, pale and unmoving. His eyes sank in and grayed around the edges. His lips were ashen but for the bloody mar that cut through the bottom half. His skin was clammy and his forehead beaded with sweat, a sure sign of fever. His shirt had been cut from him, and Balien saw the men were not holding him down, but rather clamped their hands over his wounds that were poorly bandaged and still weeping.
Aisling stood there for a moment, her eyes going from one wound to the next until she came to the copper band around his neck. Gingerly she reached out a hand and put a fingernail on it. When she made contact with it, she lowered her head and Balien saw her fight back the tears. He realized Gabriel was still bleeding onto the table, and he hopped on it to find a tightly-bound thigh wound that must have torn open when they moved him from the carriage. He put his palms across it, surprised it had grown so wide when it had only been an arrow wound.
Where is he the worst? Aislings shaky voice asked.
Here, mLady, the soldier replied motioning to the wound over the right hip. Under his half-open coat, Balien saw the soldier had used his own shirt for bandages.
Aisling sniffed and extended her hands to the wound, hovering over it for a moment. It is very deep, she whispered and pushed aside a chair to better look at it. It has torn through the gut. Did a Spirit Mage really leave this unattended? she asked and touched two hands to the side of it. When she closed her eyes, Balien knew she was working a healing pattern in through the flesh, pulling it here and there with slightly bent fingers.
A Battle Mage did heal him mLady, but the wound tore open in travel.
This badly? Aisling asked, seeming to regain hold of her emotions.
The solider turned his right side to her and gestured with his eyes to his head. His hair and eyebrow had been shorn off in several areas as if a lunatic with a razor had at him. I was burned in the battlemy ear gone, my eye uselessbut in the carriage he healed me.
Aisling gave him a pinched look. When was he collared? Before or after this?
Before, mLady.
Her eyes snapped to the neckpiece, and her lips thinned. Overturn, she whispered.
What does that mean? Balien asked.
That is its name. It means he can feel his Elements, but any time he tries to use them, the pattern he lays backfires on his own body. He is constantly taunted by the touch of his Elements but he can never use them without causing himself serious damage. She lifted her hands from Gabriels side, showing off seamless skin. That is why the wounds are so bad. They tore open when he healed you.
I am his man for life, the soldier replied, a statement he looked as though he stood behind for a while now.
Next.
The quarrel broke two ribs here, the soldier stated and pointed to where a stretcher-bearer stood. He had a sick look on his face, for every time he inhaled, ribs shifted under his palm.
Close your ears if it bothers you, Aisling said, put a hand on his side, and jerked back. The two ribs snapped into place, and the soldier turned away and swallowed. The wound was not so terrible and had not pierced deeper than his ribs.
Someone fetch me water and towels, she commanded. And you, start pacing. I need more kinetic energy, she said to a stretcher bearer.
This one next, the soldier said and pointed to the shoulder. Its gone through his back.
An arrow, Aisling muttered as she put her hands on it. Did Prince Nolen really think he could bring this man down with modern weaponry and not risk his life? she snapped. Battles are notorious for instant change. By the time this shaft left its string Gabriel would have moved and the archer would have missed his target.
When the wound sealed, Gabriel gave a little shutter and took a deep breath. Aisling looked tired as she went to the thigh wound. Balien knew healing was a complex action that required much stamina, and there was only so much a Class Five could do. Had Gabriel nerve damage or a lost limb or digit, Aisling would not be able to fix it, for that was too far above her skills.
That was a lucky shot, she muttered with her hands on his thigh. It is not broken all the way through, but very nearly. They waited several minutes as she pulled and pushed her fingers around. The skin knitted itself back together. When the wound was finally closed, she ran her hands hovering over his body, stopping in a few places to mend scratches and nicks. A serious gash opened around his left thumb, a clean cut, but no one had an explanation for it. In the torchlight Balien saw a long scar running down the inside of Gabriels left wrist, something he had not seen when he was fostered. Curiously, it had been stitched together and not mended by a Spirit Mage. Aisling overlooked it.
A serving girl brought in a bowl of water and stack of towels. Aisling and the men washed the blood from their hands. She finally came to Gabriels head and held it up in both hands, turning it to face her. Balien stayed where he was crouched on the table, watching for Gabriel to show some sign of life.
Aisling pulled back Gabriels stringy hair. She ran a thumb over his lip, stitching the skin back together to leave no scar. With a wet towel she dabbed the blood away. Her hands shook, and her face contorted again, but with a deep breath she smoothed her features. He is very hot, she said and put a cloth over his forehead. I fear the wound to his hip may have been infected. If he does not wake in a day, he may not wake at all.
Gabriel inhaled deeply again, and one of his hands flexed an inch, but his eyes did not open. Aisling stroked his face gently, passing a thumb over his lips. More water, she called. Minutes passed, and a serving girl returned with a jar. Aisling took up a clean towel and dipped it in the jar, squeezing it over Gabriels lips. She repeated the action until he swallowed; a good sign.
Aisling held his face in one hand and instructed the serving girl to trickle the water into his mouth. The girls hands were shaking as she did as told. In only a few moments, she spilled, tried to correct herself, and spilled twice the amount.
Gabriel sputtered and coughed and to their surprise he jerked his right hand up. Aislings eyes widened as his fingers moved, and she snatched his hand. Balien could not see, but he was certain Gabriel had been laying a Water pattern. Gabriel gasped again, and to their relief, opened his eyes.
He seemed fine for a moment, but just as their fears were allayed, his eyes widened and his lips parted as the world came back to him. He looked at his hand still clutching Aislings and saw the glinting copper band around his wrist.
No, he whispered and pulled his hand from hers, groping for the neckpiece. No, he repeated with more urgency. He clenched his eyes shut, grappling with emotions. His hands clenched around the neckpiece as his chest shuttered. Oh stars.
I am so sorry, Gabriel, Aisling whispered.
Balien rose up from his crouched position and gripped Gabriels ankle. You are safe in Kilkiny Palace. Gabriels glossy eyes opened to meet Baliens and looked up to Aislings above his face.
You have been mended, she told him and wiped one of his fallen tears. The Head Mage will be informed of what Nolen has done, and I will see you have retribution. Gabriels hands remained tightly clutched around the neckpiece, and he closed his eyes. Men, take him to the Queens apartments.
The driver stepped up. Prince Nolen gave me strict instructions to take him to the dungeons.
She looked at them coolly. Did I stutter? They quickly grabbed ahold of the stretcher and lifted it from the table. Aisling led them up to her rooms as Balien spoke with the soldier he called Lex of the battle and journey. As Aisling requested, the third room attached to the anteroom in the Queens apartments had been hastily prepared. It had always been kept ready in case the Princess was to return.
The large canopied bed turned downward, and a fire lit in the hearth in the corner. The tall windows that faced east were drawn with crimson curtains, and the candle sconces on the dark, wood-paneled walls burned to brighten the space. Palacekeeper Elian waited in a corner as they came in and shuddered at the sight of Gabriel.
Will you be requiring a bath drawn? she suggested, eying the dried blood.
Aisling glanced down at Gabriel who looked past exhaustion. Not tonight. The stretcher-bearers lifted Gabriel onto the bed and quietly filed out, leaving Lex and Balien inside. Elian, you will give this Mage anything he asks for.
Yes, your Ladyship, the older woman said with a bow.
She left, and Aisling rounded to the soldier. Why did Nolen do this?
He gave no reason, and we ask no questions, mLady, Lex replied with a bow of his head.
Have you any motive?
None I can think of, mLady.
Seeing as you are now Mage Gabriels loyal soldier, you will see to it that he and I are well informed of Prince Nolens comings and goings.
Absolutely, Lex replied and straightened his stance.
I wonder why he saw fit to heal you.
Lex licked his lips. Ive wondered the same, and I think he needed an ally.
Then consider yourself fortunate to have been his first. You are dismissed, Lieutenant. Lex gave a bow and marched out. She stepped up to Gabriels bedside and put a hand on his arm, looking at him with a sad expression. If Gabriel was awake, he made no effort to acknowledge her. She noticed he was still dressed in blood-stained clothes, and removed his sturdy canvas shoes. He must have made those; I recognize his hand in them. Did he begin the battle as a human or tiger?
I did not see the beginina tiger? Balien stopped.
He was a very skilled pattern-layer. Is. Is very skilled, she corrected and unlaced the front of his trousers. Gabriel must have been asleep, for he made no effort to stop her.
Let me do that.
He is wearing under-clothes, it is fine, she replied. Balien pulled his hands back and gave her a pinched look. I have undressed young men in my time, she said, and he realized she was joking with him. For a woman who had never been married, he expected all including her eyes to be virginal. Slipping his trousers off, she pulled the blankets back over him and tucked them in around his side.
She put a hand over Gabriels forehead. He is still burning. I will stay with him tonight. I know you had a long journey, so get yourself some rest. He knew a dismissal when he heard one, so he gave her a small nod and left her with Gabriel.

Chapter 18
Prince Nolen had the army move faster, but with as many wounded as they bore, it was impossible to cover the distance he desired. What should have taken two days turned into four. Nolen would have pushed them harder, but these were his sworn men, and he did not wish to incur more hatred against him. He heard them grumbling that he had knowingly slaughtered them, and while that was partially true, he did not think one man could stand against a whole army. Men are easily replaced, but Mages are far rarer.
Of the Spirit Mages in his army, one perished and the remaining three had exhausted themselves beyond the unwritten rules of military law. He knew they could do no more until they rested, so while the army moved, the Mages slept in carriages. For what had become such a small army, they moved surprisingly slow, but most of the marching were wounded. Once in Anatoly City the men could be properly tended by healers and Mages. He had made sure the cut to his lip was healed, but it left a small scar.
On the afternoon of the fourth day, Anatoly City finally came into view. A scout who rode ahead returned with several hundred soldiers of the Queens Wing and a dozen healers to help the weary men. With the new help they moved much faster and were within the Citys walls in an hour.
Leaving his Air Guard in the soldier barracks, he did not get far before the little brunette huntress with the scowl accosted him. He remembered his promise to let her see her lover for five minutes, but he never said how. Of the men in his hunting party, thirteen had survived, running for cover when they saw the battle was too much for them. Nolen told the girl he would allow her the time promised before supper when he would treat his hunting party to a feast in reward.
He was delighted to find a fire and warm bath already drawn and a set of handsome clothes laid out for him by the hearth to warm. He had the servants well trained. After being in the saddle for weeks, the bath was much needed and deserved. The fresh air had done his digestion some good, and he found he was not so cold, despite the autumnal breeze.
Once dressed in a long black coat with green trimmings and brass buttons, along with pressed black trousers and tall black boots with a little heel to give him that much more of a height advantage, he made his way to the dungeons. He was mortified to find that not only was the Mage not there, he was staying in the Queens apartments. If there was one thing he despised, it was his orders being thwarted.
His rage blinded him so greatly that by the time he arrived at the Queens apartments, he pushed the guards aside and kicked the doors open without thinking. A guard grabbed for him and he slung him off shouting, Unhand me! I am your Prince!
He was astonished to see Lady Aisling seated in the anteroom with the Mage, taking afternoon tea. All the more ridiculous, his prisoner wore what looked like brand new, latest-fashion clothing: white shirt laced up to his chest with tight-fitting brown trousers fitted into well-made black-and-brown leather boots with buckles up the sides. A fine belt cinched the ensemble to his slender hips. By the looks of him all his wounds had been healed, and hed bathed and rested comfortably. Though his face was pale and drawn, and there were dark circles under his eyes.
Aisling spit the tea from her mouth as Nolen burst in, a most unladylike thing to do, and the Mage stood to his feet, rage painting his face. Aisling shouted obscenities and threats at him as his prisoner rounded the tea table and tried to grab Nolens collar. Nolen pushed his hands aside, but the Mage was quicker than he looked and slammed a palm into his chest, pushing him back against the door. Nolen swiped his hand away and brought his fist up, catching the Mage on the chin and forcing him back as his teeth clicked together.
Keep your hands off him! Aisling yelled, standing. He still has not recovered from the battle.
Nolen shoved him in the chest, forcing him back a stride. He seems fine to me!
I will have your hands, the Mage threatened.
You dare speak to me this way? Nolen hissed. I have broken many a man and you will be no different.
I dare you to try, the Mage snapped.
You will do no such thing. Aisling voiced.
Nolen rounded on her. Do not pretend you have authority over me.
Oh, but I do, as Councilwoman and Advisor.
Nolen straightened and drew from his pocket three interlocked rings and held the control piece up to her. With Class Ten power, I would like to see you stop me, Lady. I command the palace now.
The ornate door to the Queens apartments swung inward, and Miranda stepped out, regal in a dark orange gown trimmed in pale gold flowers. Her face fell a little when she saw Nolen. You have returned, she smiled thinly. I thought I heard voices. She came to stand closer to him. I have heard disturbing reports of your antics, she put a hand over the Mages forearm. You have a lot to answer for.
Nolen knew her farce. Do not think repeating Aislings words will have any affect over me. Now make yourselves presentable for court, so you can welcome my hunting party.
We will do no such thing, Aisling snapped.
Nolen calmly looked at her. Come with me, and I vow I will let my Mage keep his limbs and digits when I break him. Aisling opened her mouth to retort, but the Mage put a hand on her arm to silence her. Could it be he fears me a little? He is not as hot-headed as he seems.
As the women made for the door, Nolen pulled a thin strip of leather with a loop on one end and a locking clasp on the other from his pocket. As the Mage stepped passed him, he clipped the leash to the back of his neckpiece. The Mage stopped and turned, trying to jerk the leather from Nolens hand, but the Prince already had it wrapped around his wrist.
You will go silently as well! Nolen snapped and pushed him forward. Aisling gave a little gasp when she saw the leash, and Nolen jerked on it extra hard for good measure.
He led the party to the throne room, relishing every look of passing servants and guest as they gaped. It was unheard of to keep a man on a leash. Halfway down, Nolen heard the clasp unsnap as the Mage unlocked it. He wasted not a second, turning and driving his fist into his prisoners gut. It drove him back into the Queens guards who caught him from falling.
In a violent motion Nolen looped the leather around the Mages neck and synched it tightly with both fists. He held it until the mans face turned red, and he scrabbled at Nolens coat for breath. Nolen held his windpipe closed a moment longer and threw the man to the ground where he gasped. Power drunk, a dark smile touched his lips. Clipping the leash back onto the neckpiece, Nolen hauled him to his feet like a fallen carthorse and continued on his way. Miranda offered a comforting word to the Mage, and Nolen could not help but snicker.
The throne room was prepared for guests at any hour, and Miranda wasted no time striding to the throne. It was a beautiful piece set upon a large dais of seven steps, carved of wood and paneled with gold. It was called the Eagle Throne because it resembled two massive wings carved to flow up and out from the seat, to give the illusion the Queen had wings. Every inch of it, including the seat, was carved of feathers. Miranda put her arms on the shoulders of the wingsthe armrestsand waited for Nolen to give the next order. In that moment Nolen knew he had won when the Queen herself looked to him for direction.
As instructed, servants laid a large pillow beside the throne, and Nolen pulled the Mage up to it. He gestured to it, and the Mage fixed his blue eyes on it with an unruffled look. No, you are still hot-headed. Nolen grabbed the mans shoulders and forced him to his knees with one swift, vicious movement. The man slashed out with a hand in objection and missed Nolens neck.
Nolen jerked him onto his stomach, and before the Mage could push himself up, Nolen put a knee on his back. Snapping to one of the guards, he demanded the gold cord that bound his tunic around his waist, and the guard unfurled it. He grabbed the Mages wrists and lashed them behind his back before rising. The Mage still tried to stand. Nolen put a boot across his neck and held him to his side, one hand still grasping the leash.
Aisling and Miranda watched in silent horror, wanting to object but fearing what Nolen would do next. Aisling went to her position standing on Mirandas right, saying nothing in the end. Nolen straightened his coat. Let them in.

Robyn hated waiting. She and the remaining men from the hunting party stood outside the massive eagle-carved doors to the throne room awaiting the Queens admittance. They had been waiting for some time now, and with each passing minute she grew more anxious. Gabriel was behind those doors somewhere, and she desperately wanted to see him.
His absence had awakened a deep desire in her heart, a desire she had been denying herself for some time. Gabriel was a Mage, and that would not have changed her opinion of him if he had not been so strong. Classed so high, it was only fair to the Mages that he marry a Mage and strengthen the population. By marrying her he would do nothing for his race. She liked the look of him for some time but shut it all away when he was given his Class. It could never be. But now that he was no longer hers, she wanted him. He with his black hair, blue eyes, and pale skin cut in the most masculine fashion. She wondered how she had the self-control to not take him long ago.
General Calsifer had given her use of his quarters to bathe and change, brushing new brown dye through her hair. Refreshed, she felt ready to take on whatever Nolen could bring. She was not surprised to find the City and palace had changed little. The unfinished bridge over the Ellonine River was still unfinished; the Painted Circuit was still the nicest place to live; the harbor still smelled like fish, and the carpets in the east wing were still as plush as the day they were rolled out. The air here was not as clean as the forest, with the hundreds of burning hearth fires, but the City hummed in a way she had forgotten.
Finally, the doors to the throne room buckled inward. She pulled up the gray scarf around her neck to hide her face. So far she saw no one she knew, but it had been so long and faces are fleeting in a childs mind. Calsifer walked to her left with a hand on her elbow, reassuring her and reminding her to not lose her head.
The throne room was as she remembered, brightly lit from long windows in the sides. The Eagle Throne on the far end sat like a beacon of strength, blending into the Queens dress to truly make her look like a bird that had just spread its wings. To her right stood Lady Aisling, hardly changed by the years, dressed in beautiful dark blue. To the left of the throne stood Nolen with a nasty smirk, and between the throne and Prince was a man lying on a pillow. Robyn almost stopped when she saw him, knowing the unmistakable mass of Gabriels wavy black locks. Calsifer gripped her elbow to prevent her from rushing to him.
The Queen greeted them before they stopped, babbling some nonsense about how grateful she was for their help, but Robyns eyes and ears were only for Gabriel. She saw he struggled to rise, but Nolens boot on his neck stopped that. He kicked the throne, and Nolen leaned forward, silencing him. Her fury raged even higher when she saw the cord around his wrists, and the leather leash clipped to his neckpiece. She wanted to cry, scream, and claw Nolens face off all at the same time. The injustice was unpalatable.
Queen Miranda offered a feast for them that evening, and welcomed them to use part of the guest quarters in the west wing to freshen. Robyn knew the insult when she heard it since the west wing was for soldiers and the dungeons. The men thanked her most respectfully, and some even offered awkward bows before they filed towards the side doors. Robyn and Calsifer remained where they were, and Miranda raised a brow realizing there was some deeper meaning here she did not understand.
Aisling looked at Robyn with a tight throat and wide eyes, and Robyn knew the Lady had recognized her. She resisted the urge to pull her cowl up further to hide the momentary flux of adrenaline. Meeting her eyes, Aisling looked away quickly, and Robyn knew the Advisor would not give her away. All that mattered was Nolen did not know her identity. She pulled her scarf back and looked at Nolen who had his eyes on her the whole time. She did not give him the satisfaction of looking anything other than calm.
You promised me five minutes, she said to the Prince.
So I did, Nolen nodded. Come and take it.
Robyn wasted no time. Surely Nolen would pull a trick and say her five minutes began when she walked in the door. Your Grace, Lady Mage, would you kindly give us a moment? she asked in her most respectful tone. She knew how to command a court as well as either woman, and her voice held authority and an entitled tone that said she was used to being obeyed. Miranda obliged a little too fast and gathered Aisling to the other side of the dais, whispering quietly. Nolen held out the leash for her, and she reached for it. He dropped it into her hand, and she pulled it back, letting the leather fall to the ground. Nolen smirked and took his boot off Gabriels neck.
Gabriel sucked in a breath and looked up at her. His eyes were full of so many emotions she could hardly read them. Surprise, horror, worry, embarrassment, and something newdespair perhaps, or something past the point of exhaustion?
What are you doing here, he whispered and looked across the dais to where Nolen slowly stepped away. Robyns hands went to the cord and untied it.
Leave that alone, Nolen called over his shoulder.
Shut your stupid mouth, she yelled back before she thought better. The women behind her fell silent.
You shouldnt be here, Gabriel whispered. Youyouthis is the last place you should be.
Im coming back for you, she replied, loosening the cord enough for him to slip a hand loose. Im coming to save you. She saw the copper binds around his wrists as he brought them forward and felt a knot rise in her throat. She hoped her eyes had tricked her in the battle, but seeing them this close made her spirit fall.
You will do no such thing. He propped himself on an elbow and adjusted his askew shirt. His hair was flopped to the wrong side it usually fell, and Robyn gently pushed it back to fall to the right.
I will. I have family to the east, and we will return for you and free you.
He put a warm hand on her arm. You cant, he whispered. You know what these binds are. His voice caught a little, and he looked away. Something inside him fought to regain his calm, and she knew he did it for her. You know the only way I will be free of them.
There has to be a way, she retorted. Bring you to the edge of death and pull you back. If there is a way I will find it.
There isnt.
Then I wont stop looking until Ive found one. She put a hand on his waist, knowing it might be the last time she would touch him for a while. No one will take you from me.
He sighed, and for a moment she saw inside his mind through his eyes. He was fighting but splintering. She knew it was only a matter of time before he lost his grip on what strength he had left. Im not your Gabriel anymore, he said, and the extra light-spot came to his eyes that betrayed the tears he held back.
I will stop at nothing to free you, she whispered. She took up his left hand and pulled something from a pocket. I will return before the next moon. She worked the object onto his middle finger, feeling it give as it molded to him. I have never taken you for granted, I have always respected you. I have forever considered you my best friend. Her voice caught in her throat, and she swallowed to get the last line out she practiced for four days. She finished slipping the band onto his finger. And I have always loved you.
She bent forward taking a handful of his hair and put a kiss on his forehead. She breathed in the earthy smell of his raven locks and rose before he could say anything, but she saw the shock on his face. The tears spilled down her cheeks as she strode away and General Calsifer standing off by the doors gave her a sympathetic smile. She rushed down the steps, sparing a summoning glance for Aisling, and walked out of the room.
Aisling was quick to follow, slipping through the doors before they closed. Robyn awaited the tirade. Instead, Aisling gingerly took up her hands and squeezed them.
I am sorry, she said, but it pushed Robyn past her threshold of emotions, and she broke down, weeping into Aislings shoulder. Calsifer warily turned to the window.
Robyn regained her emotions gracefully and dried her cheeks. Aisling dabbed at her own eyes. I have been waiting for you.
So the General told me, Robyn replied. I am sorry I did not send you a letter, but we feared. It seems silly now. We would have been safer here than out there.
Do not be so certain. Nolen has been digging his claws in for years.
I am riding to Jetova to stay with the Estrins. Calsifer will be accompanying me.
I would rather have you ride to Castle Jaden. There is evil loose on the world. Mage Ryker Slade has awoken and escaped.
Robyn closed her eyes. Her mind worked quickly, putting together the pieces. She knew the name well, having lived with Mages. I knew Nolens sudden interest in Gabriel was suspicious.
I fear it is more than coincidence.
I will return by my twentieth birth anniversary for my throne and my Gabriel. If Ryker is still loose, we will handle it together.
I will do all I can to hold it for you, but Nolen will try to take the throne. He has been vying for it for years.
Shame he was born with male parts, Robyn sneered. The Anatolians will not stand for a ruling King. What does he have planned for Gabriel?
When Aisling hesitated, Calsifer turned to look at her.
Hes going to hurt him, Robyn whispered.
Calsifer nodded. The Prince will try to break him, yes.
When? Robyn breathed. Aisling shook her head. Can you get him some boswellia herbs for the pain?
Your brother has a stash of poppy and white willow bark. We will see Gabriel receives some, she squeezed Robyns hands. Gabriel is not alone here.
What is the Head Mage going to do about this?
Aisling thinned her lips. I do not know, but I imagine it will be harsh.
Let us hope so, Calsifer sighed.
Please send word to the Estrins if something happens. She paused and looked at the fine gray marble floor. II dont want to know what Nolen does to him. Dont write me of it. Robyn said and broke away. Come on, General. Calsifer stepped in line without hesitation, giving Aisling a polite nod. They agreed to stay one night in the City, but only long enough to rest on something softer than dirt. By morning they would be away with the sun.

Aisling watched the young Princess go with a sense of longing, wishing she could be as carefree as the girl. The child grew into a beautiful woman, and anyone other than Miranda would make a better Queen. If only that day were today. Reality dragged her back into the throne room, entering to hear the tail end of a tirade from the Prince. He had Gabriel by the throat and threw him back a step, but Gabriel was not giving up, and he slugged the Prince in the cheek, taking him down several stairs.
Boys, boys! Miranda shouted as their fists flew. Aisling ran up to watch but did not stop them, knowing Gabriel needed this as much as she did. She silently urged him on.
The fight lasted only a few punches before Nolen kicked Gabriel back a few strides. He reached into his coat pocket and drew out the copper control piece. Gabriel stopped himself from attacking and waited to see what Nolen would do. Nolen slipped the conjoined rings onto his left hand and straightened the fingers of his right to lay a pattern, but stopped, his eyes wide and unfocused. His mouth fell agape as his fingers pulled back one at a time to draw a line of each Element from Gabriels chest. His gaze finally sharpened, and his mouth snapped shut as he drew the lines around him. The fight had gone out of him.
How do youhow do you handle such power? he finally whispered. His hands were shaking.
Not without great difficulty, Gabriel replied, clipping his words.
Show me a pattern.
Gabriel snapped two fingers together without drawing an Element. Go light yourself on fire. Aisling smiled, having seen him lay the fire-starter pattern before.
Nolen passed the comment off without batting an eyelash. Show me a real pattern.
Gabriel put both hands against his chest and drew them away. He pulled two green lines of Earth, and carefully manipulated them into a simple pattern. Releasing the threads before they were fueled, he held them long enough to show Nolen.
What does that do?
It makes a sharp piece of wood.
What do you do with it?
You sit on it, Gabriel replied and folded his arms.
Nolen pulled the control piece off his hand, and whatever wonders he experienced left him with a tight face as he broke the connection. He snapped towards the main door to the guards and beckoned them closer. Escort this man to the dungeons.
No, Nolen, he stays with us.
Aisling looked at the Queen who stood defiantly, clenching her fists. Whatever encouraging talk they had before must have taken root.
Mother, I have warned you to stay out of my business.
The moment he arrived, he became my business, she replied calmly. Mage Gabriel, would you kindly escort me to my chambers?
Gabriel gave a proper bow and left Nolen looking a fool as he extended an elbow to the Queen. She took it most graciously and let him lead her out after he fixed Nolen with a triumphant glare. Aisling smiled, seeing Cordis in the boy. If it was the only smile she had for a while, it was enough to get her through another couple of days.

Chapter 19
Councilwoman Adelaide spurred her racing charger harder to keep pace with Councilman Galloway several strides ahead of her. This close to the blaze, they could hear the crackling of dried brush that burned a winding line across Jaden. Heat assaulted their hands and faces, making Adelaides eyes water.
From the watchtowers, a fire had been spotted late the night before; a burning ribbon that appeared to stretch endlessly south-eastward. Fire Mages dispatched to quench the flames, but as they pulled flames and embers from the earth, more dispensed from the head of the trail and whatever was causing the fire.
The fire started in the middle of a field nearby no homes or towns, and it strangely moved with purpose. Adelaide had been riding for hours pulling flames into her hands with a team of four others. The ashes mixed with her moist skin to leave sooty streaks across her tan face, but she wore a black coat that hid some of the ash. Galloway rode ahead to see if there was an end to the ribbon. He was a stocky man in his later forties with silvery temples mixing with brown hair, but his neatly trimmed goatee was still dark. A native of the Parion Kingdom in the far south, he was not the best horseman, but where he lacked in horsemanship he made up in fashion. The best fabrics and styles came out of Parion, and today, like every day, he wore a fashionable hat to match the sturdy brown riding jacket. He met up with Adelaide much later with a worried face. There is a town up ahead.
The town sat against a hillside, a small hamlet of farmers, and Adelaide spotted it as she crested a hill. Her long braid caught in the mountain wind that drew the flames eastward. An old stone carving of a womans head set in a long post stood randomly in a field of rock to mark the territory border to Anatoly. Adelaide looked across to the hamlet still miles away and saw the front of the blaze. Fire flashed from something moving very quickly, jerking right and left in sporadic fashion. It was a mile and a half away, and at this distance she could not tell what it was.
She turned to the Fire Mages with her. I am riding ahead. Spurring her charger again, she galloped to the start of the blaze. Galloway joined her, urging his steed into a gallop. He was an invaluable asset as one of the very few who wielded both Water and Fire at a Class Five. He slung a jug of water around his saddle to pull the energy he needed in the hot air.
They gained on the head, judging if they would reach it before it tore through the hamlet. Adelaides horse was bred to be a runner, and she soon took the lead with Galloways leave. Her horse lathered at the mouth and breathed heavily, but the head was not much further away.
The town was not too far off now, but Adelaide was fast approaching the head. Casting a glance over her shoulder, she saw Galloway still a dozen or more strides off keeping pace. With each stride forward, the head became ever clearer. Shapes emerged from the fire and she thought she saw a hand, and when she looked hard, she saw hooves flashing. Her skin prickled despite the heat as she came abreast far more than just fire.
A naked lady with streaming hair sat bareback astride a bone-skinny, long-legged horse. Both burned as surely as the flames of a hearth fire, neither catching fire nor smoking like wood. The horse rose and fell with the landscape, jumping high into the air to clear a boulder, while the woman hung on tightly with white-fire fists into its flaming mane. Adelaide let her charger pick his path as she stared at the spectacle. The woman must have been a Fire Mage far outranking herself, but Adelaide felt her chest tighten as the woman slowly turned her face.
She was a Fire Mage, that was certain, but Councilwoman Selene was ranked a modest Class Five, and something so grand was beyond her capability. Adelaide knew such things were not possible, for the eyes that stared out of Selenes head were void, raging white flames that saw nothing. Adrenaline coursed through her as she realized what she saw was not a living woman but a specter.
The specter opened her mouth revealing white flames within, and her brows furrowed in a terrifying expression. Adelaide pulled so hard on her mounts reins that he skidded to a halt, nearly throwing her altogether.
Galloway reined his horse in, his eyes wide and curious as he came up.
It is a specter of Selene, Adelaide shouted.
Galloway wasted no time, vaulting from the saddle. Give me your horse, he commanded, grabbing his flask of water.
She slid off one side as he mounted the other. Galloway was off before her, one hand out as he searched the area for water. The hamlet was a quarter mile off now, and the specter had gained distance. As Selene reached the town, Galloway diverted around it. Adelaide reached the town only a minute later, but already the fire began to spread. People ran screaming, throwing soil on everything burning.
Dropping the reins, Adelaide threw out her arms and drew the flames into her hands. The amount of flames doubled and sapped her waning stamina, but she reached to every ember to pull it in. Her eyes closed, and her head slipped back as all her energy drained the flames. Her horse slowed to a canter as it reached the center of the hamlet, and a flock of frightened sheep ran about. She opened her eyes to see the specter not far off.
A rain bucket to her left suddenly burst, spilling water into the ground followed by several barrels. The water vanished into the ground, and Adelaide knew Galloway was mounting an attack. As the specter reached the end of the hamlet, Galloway suddenly appeared with a hand held high.
Water erupted from the ground and seared through the specter. Either Selene or the horse let out an unearthly screech, and the steed skidded to a stop and reared. Selenes fiery arms flung out as the water enveloped them, quenching the flames. Ever so slowly, the horse sank into the water. It screamed and clawed at the air, its hooves catching fire as it dried. Selene, now a pale blue outline, clenched her legs onto the horses belly and fell backwards across its bony spine. As she hit the water, she began to sink.
Her pale blue eye sockets widened as she scrabbled at the water, reaching a hand out onto the soil that abruptly caught alight. Her mouth opened in a scream before her face vanished into the muddy soil. The horse was quick to follow, its mane catching alight, and it sank into the soil with a hiss. As inexplicably as it appeared, it vanished.
Galloway sat slumped over his saddle, wiping a shaking hand across his brow. The effort must have drained his stamina, for he lacked the strength to sit straight. His mount picked its way towards her horse as she continued pulling flames from the road.
Was anyone wounded? Adelaide called out, straightening her braid with one hand as she drew the last of the flames up from the road.
A gathered group of people at the far end of the town parted, and a wail reached her ears. Someone had been killed. She urged her mount to a trot and dismounted upon the group, pulling a sheepherder out of her way. A slender older woman knelt on the ground, her arms wrapped around a boy no older than fourteen. His head had been kicked in, and the skin around it horribly burned.
Adelaide knew condolences would be wasted coming from a woman the farmwife did not know, so she put her hands over the boys wounds, drawing the last of the heat from them, so they would not smolder or fester.
The weeping woman looked at her. Who will answer for this?
Adelaide put her hand over the womans knee. She chose her tone carefully, making sure the woman knew revenge was imminent, and she was not speaking figuratively. She narrowed her eyes and hissed her reply.
A dead man.

Chapter 20
Gabriel felt as though the world had paused while he kept moving. His mind kept retracing the battle, writing a different ending, and trying to believe it. With every drawn breath the Castrofax around his neck shifted, pressing never-warming metal against his skin in a cold reminder of his fate. How could it be that a simple object could hold back such a great power?
The Elements in his chest pulsed so faintly, and if he did not think about them, they vanished completely. He kept going back to them, anxious for the familiar touch that seemed just out of his reach. He had not used them since the incident in the wagon, but oh how desperately he wanted them. He felt like he was holding a breath, and when he exhaled it would be back to normal, but that exhale never came.
Nothing was the same anymore. He used to change the temperature of a bath with a wave of his hand, burn a fire long past what logs allowed, and shave without the use of a blade. Everything was so dull now, like he was looking through a foggy pane of glass. He had to relearn everything overnight.
When he was alone and undistracted, the desperation came on more strongly. His world had been taken from him forever, but his mind kept him in a solid state of denial. Perhaps there was a way out of it like Robyn said. Perhaps I could be brought to the edge of death and revived. Countless others had worn the Castrofax and died in them.
Thoughts of Robyn brought him out from the blackness of his mind. He stood outside his room on a small balcony set with a table and chairs overlooking Anatoly City. It was a chilly night. He denied himself the pleasure of a cloak, staying instead in a cotton shirt and trousers with the handsome boots fashioned for him. He leaned forward on the stone balcony and watched the people below, servants mostly, hustling about with bundles.
He looked east and thought of Robyn again. Around the middle finger of his left hand rested the band she slipped on. It was a beautiful golden ring with tiny braids interwoven, but only upon touching it would someone realize it was made of her hair. Aisling had slipped a strengthening pattern in it, so it would not fray. He hoped Robyn was safe, under a warm roof, and as much as he wanted her to stay there, he wished her to return. Her last words echoed in his memory, giving him strength but taunting his helplessness. Why was it now she told me she loved me when I am at my weakest?
Nolen had not yet fulfilled his threat to break him. Gabriel knew it was only a matter of time before the Prince distracted the Queen and Aisling long enough to spirit him away. Certain it would come in the dead of night. Gabriel had taken to wearing his clothes to bed. The Prince stayed away from the prison Gabriel now called his bedchambers, and Gabriel never left. He could not bear for others to see him subjected to the copper bands. He knew the workings of a manor and expected the same of a palace, and he was certain the servants gossiped over the leash. It doubled his shame.
The only thing he managed to ingest was a mix of herbs Balien brought. Gabriel was delighted to see his old foster-brother. Balien was his usual tricky self. He hinted to have been working on something serious for years, but did not let on. Gabriel suspected Balien held back in case Nolen broke him and the secret forfeit. The watery tincture tasted foul, but it would keep back the pain for a while when Nolen succeeded in accosting him. At the very thought Gabriel went to swig more when the door loudly burst open.
Nolen stepped in, flanked by four large guards. Ready? Nolen smirked as the guards rounded him. Two of them seized Gabriel roughly by the arms. Why now? Gabriel wondered frantically, his eyes going to the flask of herbs out of reach. People could see them now; the Queen could stop this. The guards pulled him forward giving him no time to dig his heels in.
Aisling was in the anteroom, standing in the doorway of her chambers. Gabriel remembered the band on his finger and pulled it off quickly, shifting his weight back to stall the guards. Aisling, here.
Nolen, I will have none of this! she yelled.
I no longer answer to you, Nolen replied, holding the doors open so the guards could pass.
Your mother will hear of this!
Lady, the Queen bade me to do it. Nolens smile gave Gabriel a chill. The guards roughly manhandled him down the halls and stairs where everyone could see. The entire trip was designed to show Nolens authority.
Gabriel refused to go quietly from that point. He wrenched free, and he kicked most fiercely until one man clubbed him over the head. That did not stop him.
The dungeons were set beneath the west wing where no sunlight could reach. It was built into a series of natural caves that reached far into the earth. Criminals from all over Anatoly were locked away, but the Anatoly dungeons were known for not being overly grotesque. In fact, prisoners were hardly ever tortured here, merely left in their cells. Many of them had the luxury of items to call their own, be it books or crafts.
With Nolen in the lead, the men took Gabriel deep into the caves. The air was stale and smelled of moisture. They pulled him to a cell at the far end of a hall and forced him inside. One guard unbuckled his boot while another man seized the other and threw them in a corner. They cut the shirt from him and slipped a knife under the top hem of Gabriels trousers.
Nolen put a hand up. He can keep those.
Three guards stepped out while the last clipped a rusted shackle around and over the Castrofax wristlet. Nolen closed the door behind him and turned to face Gabriel, who stood with a challenging posture.
The room was small, made of honed rock with a single slab of concrete wall and a tall ceiling. A table stood off to one side bearing a coil of rope and other long objects while more hung on the walls. A chain draped from the ceiling connected to a pulley, and more chains and shackles swathed the rock.
The fittest are the first to fall. Nolen looked far too pleased with himself and took off his coat revealing a pristine white shirt underneath. He must not think to bleed me.
Does it bother you my mother permitted this? Nolen asked as he stepped up to the table, lifting sharp objects. After all, she was your protector for a while.
Gabriel found his voice, and with it his courage. Im certain you bullied her into it.
Nolens brows went up, and he smirked, selecting a metal scourge. How right you are. She is an easily bended woman. He put the scourge back down, and Gabriel released his held breath. Nolen grinned and picked the scourge up. You know I have an Air Element. How long do you think this will take? I give you two days, and I consider that generous.
Anxiety rose in him. He expects me to last that long? His brain racked itself for a riposte when he remembered an old excerpt from a book in Jaden. He straightened a little. Dont you know? Class Tens are nearly impossible to break.
Nolen hefted the scourge in his hand. Everyone breaks.

As scribe for the Head Mage, it fell to Secondhand Lael to intercept and read all mail. With Council members Adelaide and Galloway out battling the latest crisis, Lael searched for something else to go askew in their absence. The mail so far was nothing unusual, pleas for help and assistance, thanks for jobs well done, and every now and then a letter damning their power. Not everyone revered the Mages. Such power could be dangerous.
He unrolled a small scroll carried by bird from Anatoly City, marked with the crest of Councilwoman Aisling. He did not get halfway through before he rose to his feet and ran through the Head Mages rooms. Casimir was meeting with the librarians, but Lael knew what he had to say would trump the Mages. He burst through the double doors of the sitting room and silenced their conversation.
Casimir looked up sharply, his face worried rather than angry. Lael of all people would never interrupt without good reason.
Mage Gabriels been captured, Lael stated.
Good, we have been looking for him.
Prince Nolen captured him withwitha Castrofax. Lael whispered the last word as if saying it quietly would soften the blow.
Oh, Casimir breathed. Oh, my. Oh no, he put a hand on his forehead. The four librarians sat in mortified silence. Lael saw the grief on his lords face and knew Casimir did not know what to do. Casimir had plans for the boy, and they were extensive.
Power like that in Prince Nolens hands, Casimir whispered. We may as well go set fire to Kilkiny Palace. I  Casimir began and trailed off. I have a lot of planning to do. He stood. When Galloway and Adelaide return, please convene the Council.
This is no coincidence, Head Mage.
Ryker escapes, and the only man who can stand against him is captured? You are quite right. Gentlemen, lady, please excuse me. Casimir gave a polite nod and left them. I need some time alone, Casimir said quietly slipped into his study and closed the door.

Robyn hated horses. Their gait was too long and bouncy. She kept thinking she was going to be thrown at any moment. It had been years since she had ridden one, and she forgot they did not understand her commands. She still found herself shouting Slow down! at the beast. Calsifer kept his smirks mostly to himself, but she caught him grinning now and again.
They had been on the trail for days now, keeping off the main roads, and diverting into the countryside. The land was beautiful, with full fields and gently sloping green hills dotted with cattle.
Talon and Andolyn Estrin were cousins from her fathers side with no claim to the throne. Their parents were wealthy merchants who spent most of their time on their estates in Cinibar. Both Talon and Andolyn were a few years older than Robyn, and she expected both to be married with children by now. They had been close when she was younger, and though she rarely saw them, they held a special relationship. She was especially close with Andolyn, who shared the curse of an older brother with no sisters.
Robyns face unknowingly soured the farther she rode from Gabriel. She could do no good for him there, but she had not been parted from him for years. It felt foreign to wake up without him. She spent the time plotting Nolens demise to make her feel happy.
Is that it? Calsifer asked and pointed to a large section of forest up ahead. From it poked a spire with a blue-and-white striped banner blowing limply.
Thats it. She would give anything to be off her stubborn animal. Calsifer kept telling her it had a soft mouth, but she didnt know what that meant and continued to saw away until the beast did what she wanted.
Under an hour later, they walked their mounts up the road to the manor. It was a large estate, larger even than Urima, more of a small town than it was a manor. A pack of screaming children ran past, chasing a dog, while a mother shouted to watch the riders. The smells of baking bread and hay filled the air and took Robyn back to a simpler moment.
A footman came to hold the horses as they dismounted before the massive manor. It stretched five stories, made of a gray-tan stone local to the area. The manor had been in Robyns fathers family for many generations, and when he married up in status, his sister became the heiress to it. A doorman invited them into a long foyer with marble floors and asked that they wait while he fetched his masters.
The sweeping ceiling and the spiraling columns had vines carved into them. She remembered the way her little voice and footsteps had echoed through the room that wound up the center of the building. Flexing her lips, she drew a sharp whistle and listened to it echo up the foyer. Her chuckle followed.
A whistle echoed back, and she faced upwards to see a tall man with long blond hair brushing his shoulders walking down smoothly. She could hardly tell if he was someone she knew, but the dark blond hair gave her reason to believe this was Talon. He had grown into a handsome man, with a brown goatee and dark eyes. He wore a long cream tunic with sleeves that bore several gray stripes interlocking over the fabric to join in the center of his chest.
You must be far from home, he smiled as he took the last few steps. Though, Keiryon Manor is far from everyones home. What brings you here?
She looked up at him and waited, hoping he would recognize her, but he said nothing. She washed the dye from her hair the day before, so she would not look so strange, but it seemed the years had taken her face from his memory.
She opened her mouth to reply when a gasp followed by the shatter of ceramic came from her left. A woman with blonde hair cropped to her jaw, dressed in flowing black trousers and a tight yellow coat stood not far off. It was unmistakably Andolyn who was a few years younger than her brother. Her cute face hardly changed from the girl Robyn knew.
Robyn? Andolyn gasped. Robyn gave her a grateful smile. Idiot brother, do you not recognize royalty?
Not when it is dressed inwhat are you wearing? Talon asked with a cloy smile.
Andolyn rushed to her cousin and pulled her into a rough embrace. I thought you were dead. Everyone said the Novaculas killed you years ago, she pushed Robyn back. Look at you! You grew up! She looked at Talon. Oh, brother, we must send an apology to the Novaculas for that cask of manure wine we sent them.
Dont, Robyn replied.
Talon scooped Robyn up in one arm. Whatever youre wearing smells like horse.
Come in, come in, Andolyn urged and gave General Calsifer a hug for good measure. He looked unsure of it and kept a tight grasp on his sword hilt. You must tell us what brings you here over tea. Bethney! Tea and refreshments.
She should bathe first, Talon added, keeping an arm around her shoulders.
You smell like roses. Since when did that start? You havent gone all pansy on us, have you? Robyn retorted.
No, no. Worse. I got married. Lady wife wont let me use any other soap.
Pansy.
Andolyn pulled them apart and put Robyn next to her, holding her hand. What brings you here, and why now, and where have you been all these years, and who is that man with a steel rod for a spine?
Calsifer raised a brow.
This is General Arden Calsifer, and you will find he is made of steel.
They stepped into a round room decorated in dark grays and blues with small rounded windows. The hearth was quickly being lit by a servant, and it cast a muted orange glow to all the blues. Andolyn pulled Robyn to a couch, still clutching her hand.
Sit, sit, my love, Andolyn commanded Calsifer and waved him to a couch that he took gingerly. Andolyn found it easy to make friendsand frighten people. Now where have you been?
All sorts of places. Mostly out in Hollow Downs, but over the past two years weve been everywhere and nowhere.
You and the Steel Spine?
Robyn bit her lips. No. Thats why Im here. The man who has been protecting me all these years was captured by Prince Nolen.
Prick, Andolyn snapped.
Language, Talon cut in. Forgive her. She blows abandon to the wind when she gets excited. It is why I cannot marry her off. Talon sighed.
I marry on my choosing, not yours. Everyone knows Prince Nolen is trouble. Who is this protector of yours?
Hes the first of his kind, a Class Ten Mage.
Talon blew out a long breath while Andolyn stared at Robyn for a moment. Out with the whole story, then.
Robyn took several minutes to recall her life since Urima Manor. By the end Talon had taken a seat and stared listlessly at the wall.
What will you ask of us? Talon asked. Say it, and it is yours.
Are you talking to your cousin or your Princess? Robyn asked, testing his motives.
The girl with her heart broken, he replied.
She nodded, satisfied. I need to recapture Gabriel. I have a theory that if he is brought to the edge of death the Castrofax will unlock just long enough for us to remove them. I would see all your expenses paid for. Talon waved a hand of dismissal. There is more. Lady Aisling told me a legendary Mage in Castle Jaden has woken from an Age-long hibernation. Do you know the name Ryker Slade?
Ive read of him, Talon replied. He has a fierce reputation.
We are of the thinking that his waking and Gabriels capture are connected.
We are no match against a Mage, Andolyn added, and Calsifer nodded.
Yes, but if we succeed, Gabriel will protect us. Hes really very skilled.
Calsifer leaned forward. From a military standpoint, this is overly dangerous. You are the only heiress Anatoly has. If you should be injured or captured, your bloodline will be forfeit to the Novaculas. Prince Balien has no children, and you can be certain Nolen will ensure all the Bolts are wiped out. I suggest you wait here until you come of age to take the throne. However, you and I know the limits of Kilkiny and her hidden corridors. We could hope Nolens wits are too energized to think of protecting the passages. It is possible that we spirit Gabriel into a corridor and try to free him there. How would you do it?
Do it? Try and kill him? I was thinking suffocation because the breath can be reintroduced rapidly. Robyn replied, and Calsifer nodded in agreement.
We have hunters and fighters here and in the surrounding countryside. We could call for them to join us. How many men do you need? Andolyn asked. Tea had been brought in during the story, and she perched a cup on her knee.
Robyn looked at Calsifer in question. As few as possible, but only the best, he answered. You do not want to bring in fifty men when five will do just as nicely.
Ginjer has a brother with a good sword arm, Talon offered. Malic here is your bowman.
Im the only bow you need, Robyn cut in.
Still bold, after all these years. Very well. Rojers son here is deft with an ax, but theres Merians brother
Andolyn put a finger up. Count in your head or go outside and do it aloud. She turned back to Robyn. You wish to leave as soon as possible I imagine? Give us some time to muster the men and supplies. Until then, you and I have to catch up. The mood instantly changed with the subject. Is it true what they say about Class Tens being the best lovers?
Calsifer flushed red, and Talon snapped Really, Andolyn?
Robyn smirked. I wouldnt know.
Yes you do, you just wont say it in front of these men. Andolyn hauled Robyn up with her. General, see to it my brother finds you nice rooms. We will be drinking elsewhere. Wine, Robyn?
Something stronger.
Double it for me! Talon yelled as they slipped out.
Andolyn pulled Robyns arm into her elbow as she used to when they were young. Tell me more.
Im not lying with him, Robyn repeated. Not yet at least.
Andolyn cackled a laugh before falling serious. You would have him for your husband, then?
If he would have me.
I see your true motives now, her cousin smiled. Well fetch your pretty Mage back for you in no time. He is pretty, isnt he? Robyn couldnt hide the wide smile that came to her face. Stars above, I need to see this man. I may just steal him away from you when youre not looking.

Chapter 21
Lieutenant Lex Shepherd had been waiting for days as patiently as any well-trained officer. He was green as far as officers were concerned, but he made up for it by a confident demeanor. Prince Balien sent for him after Mage Gabriel was taken, and pleaded with Lex to do anything he could while Lady Aisling tried to overthrow the Queens ruling. Lex now sat in the dungeons with dressings and water as he waited for Prince Nolen to emerge.
Lex came from a long line of soldiers, and each elder instilled a sense of honor and duty in him. He joined the Air Guard against his fathers advice, wishing to forge his own destiny out of his fathers shadow. Until the last battle he enjoyed serving the Prince. Nolen was good to his men, slipping them casks of ale and buying pillow-maidens now and again. The Prince always gave them adventure and a place to find honor, but after the bloodbath forever known as the Battle of the Stars, Lex learned how Nolen truly saw his men. He was nothing more than a sword.
Yet, there lay a man on the cusp of death and disaster who saw fit to heal the soldier who tried to kill him. Lex would never forget the burning pain in his face or the sense of defeat as he lost sight in his right eye, and the man who had suffered far worse took his pain away. At that moment Nolen had lost Lexs loyalty, and the Lieutenant would forever fight for the Mage. He was sorrowful and angry that his friends died around him, but Lex was caught in something greater than his emotions. For someone so powerful brought so low, the Mage needed someone to watch over him.
The Prince stepped out of Mage Gabriels prison cell a few times. But he never made it into the main foyer, taking naps in vacant cells. An older healer Mage had come and gone twice, and a young woman dragged down, but no others came or went.
Lex slept little, taking hour-long naps here and there, but his training taught him how to be strong. He had to be strong if he was to help the man who saved him from a lifetime of disfigurement. His hair had already begun to grow back, but he had the other side trimmed so the patches would not be so obvious.
Finally, his waiting paid off. Prince Nolen came striding up one of the dark halls carrying a sputtering torch. Lex swallowed back his gasp; the mans white shirt was red all up the front. The Prince looked angry as he marched, and Lex stood and gathered what he would need. He dressed in common clothing, so the Prince would not recognize him.
You, boy, Nolen stated. Take my prisoner a little water and keep him awake. I will return in a few hours. He rubbed his eyes with one bloodied hand.
Yes, mlord, Lex bowed. He grabbed the water pail and scurried down the hall as Nolen left the dungeons. Lex did not need to know which door was the correct one. He could tell from the drag-mark of blood outside the door at the far end. He steeled himself, grabbed a lantern, and unlocked the wooden door.
The smell of iron, sweat, and burned flesh accosted him as blood filled his senses. He stepped in and let the light bathe the room, reflecting off blood puddles on the floor and spattered drips on the walls.
He heard a rasping sound and stepped further in, closing the door behind him with a foot. A wooden table stood further off in the door, and he rushed up. A man lay on it, wrists and ankles tied down, but the man was so bloodied Lex could hardly tell his identity. His eyes were black, his nose broken, his lips bludgeoned, while his hair matted with sweat and blood. His lips were parted and gave little shutters with each breath, seemingly asleep. As the mans chest rose and fell, several ribs shifted. There were a dozen burns he could see, and hundreds of little cuts that crept around his sides, as well as a broken collar bone.
Lex did not know how to wake him in fear of hurting him, so he put two fingers against the inside of his elbow where the skin was too thin to risk tearing. Mage Gabriel? he whispered. Mage Gabriel.
The mans eyes flashed open, and Lex knew by the deep blue of them that it was truly Gabriel. He gasped sharply.
I have relief, Lex said and held up a skin flask. Can you swallow?
Gabriel cracked his lips a little wider. Water, he whispered, and Lex snapped to his duty. He reached into the pail with a deep spoon and carefully dripped it into the Mages mouth. After a few spoonfuls he uncorked Baliens flask and upended it, making sure Gabriel took every drop.
Nolen has left for a few hours. Ill watch over you while you rest, he said as he went back to spooning water down his throat. Im Lex, if you dont remember.
I remember, Gabriel whispered. His eyes smiled a little where his mouth could not. Prince Balien had also provided a cream-colored salve to deter the swelling. Lex unwrapped it from its oiled canvas and dabbed it on Gabriels facial wounds.
Lady Aisling is trying to get the Queen to overturn her ruling and put a stop to this. Shes been down here trying to free you, but without a signed decree, she has no power even as Councilwoman. Shes written the Head Mage to ask him to sign a plea since hes the only one who can overturn the Queen, but birds are slow. Lex dabbed at Gabriels broken lips with his sleeve. Sleep while you can.
Gabriel closed his eyes and was asleep in moments.

This is lunacy! Aisling shouted. I have been your advisor for nine years, and I have never steered you wrong. Why is it now you choose not to listen to me?
Aisling stood in the Queens solar before Mirandas desk. The Queen looked uncomfortable, but she kept her back straight and unwavering. This was the sixth time Aisling had come to the Queen and begged for Gabriels release. The Queen either ignored her or gave a paltry excuse.
Aisling pointed down. That boy is an innocent civilian who has just been dealt a fate worse than death and you allow your son to torture him. He has been down there so long I do not know if there will be anything left for me to mend. I may not even have the strength to manage it all. Miranda, I am pleading with you, please overthrow this decree and let Gabriel go free.
Why? Miranda asked haughtily. So you can have a pretty to yourself?
Aisling slammed her palms down on the desk, making Miranda jump. Do not ever say that again. She straightened herself and smoothed her hands down her dress. You and I both know I run this kingdom. How would you like to run it alone? The Head Mage has asked that I return to Castle Jaden for my safety, but I remain here for yours. I will return in an hour for your answer. She turned to leave and made it to the door before turning back. It has come to blackmail. So be it.

Nolens bootsteps on the hallway announced his arrival moments before he opened the door. Lex shook Gabriel awake. The pain in Gabriels eyes was not as prominent as it had been, and Lex could see a little of the swelling around his eyes had gone down. Whatever Prince Balien mixed together did the trick.
Get him up, Nolen stated as he walked in. He washed the blood from his skin and changed his clothes, looking refreshed. Lex carefully untied the binds and helped Gabriel sit up. Gabriel let out a sharp scream as his back came off the table, and Lex saw it was torn to shreds. Only a small strip up the lower back where his muscle rose around the spine was undamaged.
Nolen did not waste time and grabbed a fistful of Gabriels hair, jerking him to the center of the room and attaching his wristlets to hooks hanging from the ceiling. Watch or leave, Nolen stated to the soldier. Against his better judgment, Lex stayed, telling himself he needed to be here to better help Lady Aisling heal him in the end. He already had an inventory of the wounds that needed tending first, and he knew more would accumulate.
Gabriel could hardly stand. Using the chain supporting him to stay on his feet, he leaned on the right arm to avoid the break in his collar. Nolen pulled the chain and grabbed a long bullwhip. He pushed Gabriel roughly to face him, his back to Lex, and unfurled the whip.
Do you yield?
Still no, Gabriel replied, his voice a little stronger.
Nolen furrowed his brow and drew the whip across Gabriels stomach with a loud snap. Gabriel grunted, the drugs undoubtedly masking some of the pain, and braced for another that quickly came. Lex lost count, but with each strike Gabriels knees gave a little more, and his grunts deepened until cries broke through his clenched teeth.
Nolen paused to rest his shoulder. Gabriel reached a hand around the chain and hauled himself back up on his feet, to Nolens astonishment. Lex had realigned the bones in Gabriels hands that had only broken at the joints. They would still need healing, but at least he could bend them a little. He leaned his head on an arm and gasped for breath, shaking through the pain.
When Nolen regained his arm, the whipping continued. Gabriel stood admirably for a while before sinking as low as the chain hung him. Nolen tossed the whip aside and took up a new wooden item with a winch on it, fitting it over Gabriels left forearm. He wrapped a rope around both ends and tightened the wooden pieces with his Air Element. The bones crack soon filled the room coupled with Gabriels cry of agony.
Nolen unwound it, and promptly put it on the other forearm. Nolen broke the forearm more slowly, giving the bones time to crack before each one gave. Gabriel stood there gasping Oh, stars oh, stars, in a world of pain.
Nolen drew on a pair of red leather gloves with points of metal sticking from the knuckles. He stood before Gabriel and waited, meeting the mans eyes.
Still no, Gabriel snapped, pain giving his voice anger.
Nolen struck him hard in the ribs, taking the breath from him. Lex closed his eyes, listening to the brutal concussions and Gabriels cries. No matter what happened, Lex would be his ally.
He continued for some time before Gabriel let out an angry scream, and Lexs eyes popped open to see him losing the ability to stand. His hands clenched the chain above his head, and he tried to pull himself up but his forearms would not allow it. Nolen focused his blows to the right thigh. It was only a matter of time before the bone was compromised. Bones were powerfully strong, but everything broke in time.
Nolen straightened as Gabriel did his best to keep his balance staring him square in the eye. There is no Spirit Mage here to heal you. You will hang there until you break.
Gabriels breathing was sharp and laborious. He had no retort.
Nolen snatched the winch back up and wrapped it around Gabriels left calf. Should he succeed in breaking the long bones, each limb would be compromised. As Nolen fastened the object, Gabriel slowly looked at Lex with an expression that said watch closely. Gabriel took in a breath, held it, and sprang to action.
He pulled himself up on the chain and picked up the knee of his injured leg. Abandoning the cry held between his teeth, he drove it into Nolens face. Lex jumped in shock as they heard the snap of bone as Nolen fell to his back. Gabriel leaned on his good leg and put his head on his arm, each exhale brought with it a solid whimper.
Nolen lay on his back for a moment, shocked. He sputtered and turned his face to the side. Blood streaked from his nose. He touched it carefully, wincing; it was surely broken. Rage radiated from his eyes and met Gabriels.
He jumped to his feet and grabbed a knife from the wall. Taking one step forward he used his momentum to drive the blade into Gabriels stomach. Lex could not see where the blade pierced, but he heard the Mage gasp and choke. Nolen grabbed the back of Gabriels head and jerked the hilt, causing Gabriel to choke again. He took a step back, leaving the blade where it rested.
Go, Gabriel whispered. Go get Aisling, he said more forcefully.
I could heal you if I wanted, Nolen replied and pulled the control piece out. A moment later his nose snapped back into place.
No, youcant, Gabriel replied, and a line of blood dripped from his mouth. My powercannot heal myself, he choked out. Yougreat fool. His knees gave out as he coughed. The jerking motion against his broken forearms caused him to choke out a scream that died sharply with another cough.
Lex ran to the pulley and released it, letting Gabriel drop to the floor. He fell on his back, and his wide eyes told the truth of his pain. His hands hovered over the blade wedged deep between two abdominal muscles on the left. Nolen had twisted it, leaving a crescent-shaped wound.
Go, Gabriel whispered again, blood wetting his lips. Go!
Lex could not remember if Nolen tried to stop him. All he did remember was tearing out of the dungeons, his bloodied boots skidding for a second on the black tiles of the west wing.

Chapter 22
Lady Aisling had been as patient as she could be with Miranda. The Queen was a fool, but whatever Nolen threatened her with must have been truly terrifying. Miranda did not come to her with a release, and no rookery page came with an overthrow from the Head Mage, so Aisling stood once again to plead with the Queen.
She was halfway down the hall to the Queens chambers when somebody called for her in a most urgent manner. Hoping it was a rookery page, she walked swiftly back up the hall. Here!
Instead of a servant, the soldier Lex met her in the doorway, his face painted with exhaustion and fear. Upon better inspection, Aisling saw he was splattered with blood, and his fingers caked with it. Her eyes grew wide.
Youmust come, he gasped and without respecting the courtesies a Lady was entitled to, he grabbed her hand. She was not a fast runner, and Ladies never did such things, but she had the trademark long legs of the Lamay family and kept pace with him as he pulled her along.
What has happened? she asked as they sped past courtiers.
Lex could not find his voice as his lungs rasped for air, so he made a fist and drove it into his stomach with an imaginary knife. Her mind ran through healing patterns as they continued, knowing a wound to the gut could easily pierce vital organs.
They raced wearily into the dungeons, and Lex turned her down a hall. Steelyourself, he rasped before they reached a door at the end. He jerked it open for her and released her hand.
Nolen stood off to one side, leaning against a wooden table with his arms folded. His face was angry and bloodied. Lady Aisling paid no mind as her eyes glanced over him to see the mangled remains of a man on the floor. She knew it was Gabriel, but only because the Castrofax glinted under the light of the flickering lantern. Her hands went to her mouth, and she shrieked.
There was so much blood on the floor, it was a wonder anyone could survive. She crouched and hovered her hands over his torso. He lay on his back, his bound hands still connected to a chain hanging from the ceiling. Gabriel made no response as she called his name, and she shook so hard from the run that she could not feel a pulse under his neck. The knife wound still bled, so she knew he was alive. The energy he gave off was so small she missed it.
She sank a probe-pattern in around the knife and was immediately accosted by every wound he bore. She did not know where to start, and the sudden sensation of every cut, every bruise, burn, and broken bone stopped her. Her eyes widened as her mouth fell agape. She did not know someone could suffer such wounds and live.
Focusing again on the knife, she felt what flesh it had cut through. Carefully, she mended his insides, working her way up for several minutes as she slid the knife from his belly. His labored breathing smoothed a little, but he did not open his eyes.
I cannot work in here, she whispered to Lex. Bring me a stretcher, and a sheet. The soldier nodded and left, his boots echoing down the hall.
She held her hands over Gabriels body and felt for the worse wounds. Despite her best efforts, tears sprang to her eyes, causing her to blink rapidly. Here lies the best hope for the Mages. Who could ever think he was great now?
She put a hand on his nose and slid the bones back into place. His brain was concussed, and that was something she lacked the skills to heal. When she put a hand over a broken forearm and laid a pattern to mend it, Nolen straightened.
Leave that, I am not finished.
She shot him a murderous look as her retort spilled from her tongue. I will be returning him to his quarters. Nolen opened his mouth to object. I know a lot more about the limits of the body than you do, you star-blinded fool. He is nearly gone.
Nolen glared down at her before swiftly leaving the room.
Lex was quick to return with a guard and a stretcher. Somehow the two men lifted Gabriel onto it. Their hands slipped against his skin and couldnt gain purchase on his shoulders. The soldier found a blanket, and Aisling draped it over Gabriel, covering him from head to heel. She did not want to parade him through the palace looking like a corpse.
She walked beside the stretcher as the two men carried him, working little healing patterns into the wounds she could reach from his side. Swallowing back the lump in her throat, she knew it would be a long while before the boy fully healed.
Before they reached her rooms, Prince Balien found them. I just heard, he said, running up and breathing heavily. Aisling swore he had more informants than she, but he helped more people with his herbs and had gained a loyal following long ago. He looked down at the stretcher and gripped at his heart. Oh stars, is he dead?
No, Aisling replied, her voice betraying her worry. Bring me whatever you can to help. He nodded and sped off to his quarters.
The anteroom to her chambers was vacant, and she breathed a sigh of relief that she did not have to contend with the Queen. She led them to Gabriels rooms and grabbed a blanket from the bed, throwing it on the floor.
When she pulled the cover back, she realized the darkness of the dungeons had masked a great deal of the wounds, and heat sprang back to her eyes. She spread her skirts and saw the purple hem was sodden with blood. She must have looked a sight walking through the palace. Word would be everywhere by nightfall.
II will need water and sponges, she said to Lex. The guard stood there stupidly, looking down at the damage with searching eyes. You wait outside and admit no one but Prince Balien.
Lex emerged from the wash room with an armful of wet towels and immediately dabbed at the bloodied skin where Aisling instructed. Her Element would allow her to feel all the damage, but she could not bear to see such a great man so horribly wounded.
She put four fingers over his broken collar bone and put it back together quietly. His ribs were the next to be repaired, five in all were broken through, with many more cracked. His forearms screamed to her that both the little bones in them were broken, and the flesh around it pinched and bruised. She fixed those next, shivering as one snapped back into place. Lex managed not to gag. The right femur also had several fissures under a mountain of bruises.
She repaired the breaks to his hands next, sealing the torn skin above his knuckles. He fought back, she murmured, recognizing the defensive marks. It feels like his back is the worst. Lex nodded quietly, wiping blood from Gabriels hands.
Balien thundered in at that moment and stopped suddenly when he saw his friend. His mouth fell and quickly sharpened to anger. His fists clenched around the ceramic vials in his hands. It is a wonder he is alive, he growled and stepped around to his head. Did you get anything into him? he asked Lex.
I got the tincture and the salve, Lex replied and pointed to Gabriels face and collar bone.
Brace yourselves, Aisling said, feeling deep into Gabriels left shoulder. It snapped with a sickening crack, and Lex gagged again, looking away. Did he truly not break? Did he break and Nolen just continued?
No, mLady, he did not break. In the end he kicked Nolen in the nose before the Prince could break his calf.
Balien slipped a vial of rose-colored liquid into Gabriel. He is desperately dehydrated. Balien pointed to a wound leaking thick blood. They spent several minutes filling Gabriels mouth with water and holding it shut until he swallowed. He coughed up most of it.
I thought the old stories of Class Tens being hard to break were merely inflated, Aisling whispered. We need to turn him over. Whatever happened to his back is accosting all my probing-patterns.
With his broken bones healed, Gabriel was easier to move, and both men carefully rolled him onto his stomach. Aisling felt her chest tighten as the light fell upon the wounds.
Stars above, Balien cursed and turned away. Lady, can you heal that?
Aisling put a hand over Gabriels back and felt the heat radiating off it. His skin was absolutely torn to shreds, and in some places it had been flayed off completely, leaving the muscles revealed underneath. N-n-no, she muttered; Lex carefully reached over the skin and pulled a barb from it. What instruments did he use?
This was done before I arrived, but I saw a crop, a bullwhip, a metal scourge, and a few different cat-o-nines. Lex picked something else from a wound. At least one of the cats had barbs on it.
Aisling sniffed and held a hand to her lips. Lieutenant, I need you to find me as many Battle Mages as you can. Quickly now.
Yes, mLady, he replied and rose, trotting out swiftly.
Can it be fixed? Balien asked as he knelt to continue Lexs work.
In time. I do not have the stamina to repair everything done to him, she answered and dabbed at her cheeks with a dry towel. I did not know Nolen was capable of something as grotesque as this.
She put her fingers on the back of Gabriels arm and mended the skin. Each piece knit together smoothly and sealed, leaving a line of new skin under the dry blood. Walk back and forth, she said to Balien. I am not getting enough energy.
Why do you cry for him? Balien asked after several rotations.
The tears spilled afresh at the question. He was so great, once. She passed her fingers along Gabriels side where the damage was not as bad. Will you get him out of his clothes?
Balien stopped circling and pulled a short knife from his boot. He cut along the outside of Gabriels trousers and smallclothes. Aisling handed him a towel to respect the boys modesty, and he draped it over Gabriel. The trousers were badly ripped, and underneath there were long thin lines of blood across the backs of his thighs and calves.
Aisling threw her hands up. Go summon the Queen. She needs to see what she allowed.
She looked again at Gabriels back and pushed the edge of the towel down to see how far the lines extended. She was so overwhelmed, wanting to heal it all at once but not knowing where to start. She began with the line that stretched up the middle of his back. The tight corded muscle around it had protected the strip. Bits of skin were still connect, and it was those she began to work with. They extended to connect to others like a fleshy spider web. She had to physically move pieces around to align them, and the feel of it sickened her. Blood was already caked under her fingernails.
Your Grace, this is something you truly must see, she heard Balien say through the walls.
Is it as amazing as you say? Miranda asked.
Amazing is certainly a word for it.
Balien stepped into the room with the Queen close behind and moved out of her way, so she could see Gabriel. Miranda let out a shriek and covered her face with lace-gloved hands.
This is something you need to see, Aisling said before the Queen could turn very far. Your hand allowed this. Your son did this.
Miranda lowered her hands and looked sideways at the Mage on the floor. Is he alive?
Barely, Aisling replied and turned back to mend the strip. I counted a total of fourteen full breaks. He has lost so much blood and has taken such a force to his brain that he may not wake. If he does, he may not be the same person.
How does this concern me? Miranda asked, folding her hands.
Your actions have consequences, Aisling answered, clipping every word.
The Queen straightened. Are you threatening me?
I did not think that sounded like a threat. Did you, Prince?
No more than a helpful reminder, I think.
Miranda eyed them like a cornered mouse eyes a clowder of cats and swiftly scurried off in a whisper of skirts.
Aisling went back to her work soundlessly, and Balien continued circling. It was not long before a red-faced older man with a nose too big for his heavy brow ran up. He wore the yellow mantle of the healer Mages. Aisling admitted him and gave him quick instructions to work on the right shoulder. He passed his eyes over Gabriel with a grim look, but knelt wordlessly and began steadily healing. By the strength of his patterns he was likely only a Class Three, but most Battle Mages were of lower Classes. Ten minutes later a young woman in divided skirts with short, corkscrew brown hair joined them to work on the left shoulder, followed by two more men of middle age, both balding. By the time Lex returned, seven low-Classed Mages and Aisling worked on Gabriel, who still had yet to wake. Lex also managed to find a Water Mage who worked fluids down Gabriels throat and washed his skin.
Aisling grew weary, so she sat back and gave herself a moment to rest. She knew each man and woman did the best they could, but she could have done better alone had she the time and stamina. She knew Gabriel would be left with lasting damage.
Night fell and torches lit along with a fire. Food and drink were brought up, but few were in any mood for anything other than a stout brandy. They settled for wine and bread. By the time the last wound was sealed, the sun had nearly rose.
Can we stay til he wakes to make sure we missed nothing? a woman asked.
There is no telling when he will wake.
It might be soon, actually, Balien said from his seat by the window. The draught I gave him to keep him under should be wearing off.
Since you are weary, you may wait another hour, Aisling permitted. She stayed by Gabriels head. One by one the Mages stood, gathered a bite to eat and drink, and waited by the fire.
Aisling was the first person Gabriel saw when he opened his eyes. He sucked in a breath and slowly exhaled when he realized he was no longer in the dungeons. Her hand on his shoulder moved back and forth gently. You are safe, she said softly.
He raised his hands, passing them over his stomach before looking down. Im fixed, he said with a shocked expression. His voice was weak, and his face still pale, but he seemed to be in control of his mind.
You have many people to thank for that. Would you like to meet them? They would like to meet you.
Yes, but what happened?
You passed into unconsciousness in the dungeons, I brought you out. We have been healing you for some time now.
He lifted his torso to sit up but only made it as far as his elbows.
Hes awake! a man called from the fire. How do you feel, mlord?
Gabriel flexed his hands. Well, he replied with a faint voice as several Mages stepped up.
Did youyou did not say anything about Aisling began and trailed off.
No, he got nothing out of me.
How did you withstand it, sir? a man well old enough to be his father asked.
Gabriel looked up at the faces with an unsure gaze. I willed myself to resist. He pushed the blanket off his chest and looked down at his torso. You all did this?
Your back is fixed as well, Aisling said as he reached a hand to touch his shoulder.
I am indebted to you, he said. His gaze locked onto a wristlet for a moment.
Would you like me to draw you a bath? the Water Mage asked, and Gabriel nodded.
Help him up, will you? Aisling asked the men.
Im not a child, I can stand, Gabriel objected, but failed on his first attempt. Two men hauled him to his feet and supported him as Gabriel held the blanket around his waist. His steps were slow, and he hung his head as the change of elevation taxed what blood he still had in his veins. Balien walked backwards with a flask of water urging Gabriel to drink it all.
Aisling turned back to the other Mages. I thank you for your actions today. You are all most honorable.
They said their thanks and took their leave, giving proper bows before exiting. As they left, a rookery page trotted in with three bird scrolls for her. She walked to the washroom, unrolling them as she went, standing in the doorway of the brightly lit room. The bath was already turning murky.
Here are your pardons from the Head Mage, Aisling said and held up the scrolls. He saw fit to send three in case the birds did not reach us.
Gabriel ducked his head under and came up. Where is Nolen?
Balien shook his head.
He is going to be mad you brought me out.
Hes going to be angrier you kicked him, Lex called from the room.
He will be more livid about his Air Guard. Balien stated grimly, leaning against a far wall. The counts finally came in. Do you know how many of them you killed? Gabriel shook his head with a look that said he did not want to know.
Any word from Robyn? he asked and picked up a scrub brush. Aisling shook her head.
I must rest, Aisling said after a moment of silence. I will leave you until tomorrow. Nolen will not be so foolish to come for you again, so stay abed. You lost a great deal of blood and it will take you a while to recover.
Thank you for coming for me, Lady Aisling, Gabriel said with a small smile of gratitude.
She felt herself choke up again, but she said nothing. With a bow of her head, she slipped away.

Chapter 23
Fire Mages were hard to bend. Of all Mages, those wielding Fire were the fiercest, which was why Ryker liked them the best. The Class Four woman that stood before him had not broken, but she was not far off. She held a silver platter with a finely polished tea set and waited for Ryker to motion for her to set it down. She was not broken, but she was smart enough to know not to provoke him.
Ryker found her in the city of Aidenmar and stole her in the dead of night. She put up quite a fight, but he could step between worlds. As soon as she screamed something to her children, she was miles away from her home. She called herself Anabel though he never had a knack for names. He would kill her, but at the moment she was a decent cook.
Atrox Manor had been built back in the Third Age and preserved by countless patterns. She was a stout structure built with two wings and many stories with tall ceilings, reaching high in Third Age style. The great room where Ryker resided was built with magnificently large windows to maximize the view of the surrounding mountains and plains of Anatoly far below. Two fires on either side of the room spilled heat into the room, fueled by his Fire Element. The manor was often cold because she sat so high in the mountains, higher even than Castle Jaden.
Set it there, he motioned to Anabel. She was dressed in what garments he saw fit to provide for her, and today was a burnt orange peasant dress that did not fit her so well. He saw that all his captives wore the color of their Element, so he did not have to remember. Fix it how I like.
Throughout the Ages tea was the one thing that remained the same. Some Ages liked tea with milk, others with honey, but they never changed the flavor of a good Cinibarian black or a Desuldane green. Ryker found tea to be one of the few things he truly enjoyed and had several cups a day.
Will he be having any? she asked levelly and motioned to the man lying on the floor beside Rykers high-backed chair. She was making a joke, but he did not like humor.
Nay, I do ne think he will be. Do y?
No, she finished stirring his tea and brought it to him on a porcelain saucer.
Did y try ac poison it this time, or did y learn your lesson the first? He took it from her and smelled the aromatic leaf mixed with bergamot root.
It is clean, she replied and backed away from him. Her face was smooth, but her eyes were angry. She left children behind, and her husband had been missing for many months. She wanted to return home, but Ryker had no intentions of letting her leave.
Y may go. Have dinner ready once the sun sets.
Yes, she replied, adding something rude at the end he did not quite catch. He let her get away with it now, but he would teach her better later. His pets did not undermine him.
He returned his attention to the man on the floor near his chair. On Rykers evening romp through Parion the night before, he found the kingdom had very few Mages left. But there were a few living in houses designed for them. It appeared that people could go to these houses and hire the Mages for help. He snickered at the thought of Mages being hired for anything. At the Spirit House, he found a pretty brunette girl with olive skin, but when he tried to take her, a young man had jumped him. The fool learned quickly that Arch Mages were not to be surprised.
The man was now on the edge of death, his lungs nearly collapsed as blood filled his chest cavity. As the blood deviated from his veins, it pushed his trachea to one side. The veins in his neck were filling up fast. They would reach his brain soon and kill him. Ryker sipped his tea.
When the man finally died, Ryker was ready. His eyes suddenly became white, and he reached a hand down to grab the mans head, but he did not seize the body. Instead he reached through the skin to the white-blue spirit of the man himself.
To Rykers vision, the world of reality changed to an afterimage of what truly was. The white fire became black, the brown walls changed to white, and the snow outside became as dark as sin. The only objects that did not change were people, retaining their white skin. The change in vision was a consequence of stepping into the spirit world and branching the planes of reality.
What will we do with y then? he mused. Long ago he discovered how the layers of the spirit world joined together with the waking world and allowed for manipulation. One of the things easily manipulated were the spirits themselves who were fully conscious beings of once-living people. Ryker could alter their state of awareness and insert his own will. Once changed, these spirits could be released into reality and denied their rightful existence in the spirit world unless defeated. The common folk called them specters, and it was rare for one of them to slip pass the veil of reality. It was even rarer for them to have substance.
Substance was the first change Ryker gave, making the man solid as he took away the spirits self-awareness. Next he changed the mans hands, turning them into weapons that would electrocute with a touch. He smiled as he worked, feeling the tax on his stamina. This would be the fifth specter he released into the world. He was most chagrined to feel his fiery Councilwoman slip back into the spirit world, but the Councilman with a stony kiss was still out walking.
He laid a pattern, and both he and the specter disappeared out of the manor, moving the world around him in a lost form of travel called shift. The Mages of today had grown so weak and stupid, losing so much of their former knowledge. Thats what happens when y breed yourselves out, he smiled. Funny, that was why I started the Mages Wars.
He dropped the man outside a town close to Anatoly City and continued on, searching out the Mage Prince Nolen. Ryker could not say he liked the boy, but allies were what made him strong in the previous years, and he would need as many as he could get. So far the princeling had done what he asked, even going so far as capturing the Class Ten. That was something he certainly did not expect.
He found Nolen in his rooms, dressing in new clothes. His former apparel was balled up on the floor, stained with blood. Nolen gave a little start, still not used to the sudden entrances. Ryker liked that he kept the boy on edge.
Nolen pulled on his shirt, stuffing it into his unlaced trousers. My lord, he said with a proper nod of his head. The boy was respectful; that was notable.
I came across some information y might like regarding your sister, Ryker said and folded his arms. Since his hibernation, he had been able to exercise and dine on his favorite rich foods. His body had filled out like it was supposed to. The sun had even warmed the color back into his skin.
Nolen stopped lacing up his trousers. Kindle? Have you found her?
Nay, but I know someone who can. Do y know Councilwoman Selene, ac Queen Challis? Nolen nodded and finished lacing up. They were fond friends oncebefore the Selene woman met an unfortunate endac would y believe she quod Queen Challis knows where your sister is? She claims the Queen ac your mother were once quite close, ac your mother let slip where little Kindle is, ac she told me why the girl was sent away.
Did Selene know Kindles location?
Nay, she only told me the Queen of Cinibar quod she knew the location. He rocked back on the heels of his boots that gave him an extra inch and a half of height. He was a tall man back in the older Ages, but this Age seemed to have sprouted much taller people. Seems this Councilwoman had quite a lot t say. They always do before y kill them, thinking their information will save their lives. She quod some very interesting things about the Silex as well.
I have not forgotten about it, the Prince said and took a seat to pull on a pair of tall boots. My books have no information on it.
Your sister knows where it is, Ryker said suddenly.
Nolen stared at him stupidly, You jest.
I never jest. Did y ever ask your mother why little Kindle was spirited away?
She would not say.
Ryker nodded. Selene told me your mother quod Kindle came across the information at Castle Jaden. The question was, did she come across it accidental like, or did she purposely seek it out? The Head Mage found out ac had her sent away t protect her. Speak with Queen Challis, ac y get t the girl. Y find her, and y find mine Silex.
Nolen sat there with one boot laced up, calculating behind his thick eyelashes. I will see it done as soon as I break the Class Ten.
Rykers eyes went to the pile of bloody clothing. Oh, y are trying t break him physically? That will never work. We dont break physically.
After about day three I suspected such, Nolen grimaced and finished lacing the other boot. How do I break him?
Mentally. Take everything he loves ac kill it, ruin it; give him nothing t live for! He will break.
Nolen huffed and stood. I thought I already did that.
Nay, all men love things. What is something he has mentioned that y think he cannot live without?
By his actions, I think he is still chaste.
There y are. Take that from him. He likely has a family as well. Kill them. Burn his home. Cut his hair. Dress him in rags, whatever most humiliates him. He will break if y deprive him of enough hope ac love.
Nolen smiled as he thought and met Rykers eyes with devious intent. Let us visit Arconia. I have an idea.
Ryker raised a brow. He had been to Arconia when it was first becoming a kingdom but not since. Why?
Nolen looked at him strangely. Arconian women are famed for being the most beautiful anywhere.
Ryker nodded. It was time to show the princeling his power. Put on something princely. We are going t Arconia.

Robyn leaned on the stone railing of the back patio, looking over the sweeping hills of trees painted in greens with splashes of orange that welcomed autumn. The spiced wine warmed her hands in its stone goblet, wafting its autumnal scents over her face. She watched General Calsifer spar not far off. The clack-clack of wooden swords filled the large back yard where a young horse trainer lunged a sleek mare, and a circle of women spun yarn.
Calsifer was surprisingly good with children, and after the first day, she saw him loosen a little as he sensed safety in the manor. She had even spotted him sitting in a sunny corner with a young child, reading her a book on something doleful, but the girl was fast asleep listening to his deep cadence. By the next day he was sword fighting with eight year old boys, teaching them while he let them beat him.
If you lunge forward, be assured of your balance. I can tell youre off and push you overas such, Calsifer said moving his wooden blade aside, pushing the boy. A small audience of children with their own sticks gathered to watch. Better. Better.
Would you care for a hot pie, Your Grace? a woman called behind Robyn. She turned to look at Talons wife, a regal brunette named Ginjer. She was five months pregnant with their second child. The first child, a blond-headed toddler, sat in a corner shoving what looking like a bug into his mouth. Ginjer was a high born woman from the coast and came with a hefty dowry as well as a knack for running a manor and entertaining the elite. Robyn liked her immediately and the two already had long conversations about running a kingdom and handling the opposite sex.
Thank you, no, Robyn nodded and went back to her wine. It had been three days since her arrival, and two since Talon set out to find her a suitable little army. These things took time, she knew, but she hated the idea that Gabriel could be hurting somewhere, and she was not there for him.
Andolyn walked out onto the patio with a thick tome in her hands. She had been pouring through the thing for days, and one finger now marked a page. She looked far too triumphant for Robyns liking, and Ginjer tittered at the womans expression.
I found it, Andolyn declared. It says right here Class Ten Mages were renowned as being the best lovers because of their natural instinct and incredibly large
Robyns eyes widened and she slammed the book shut. Andolyn, really. She looked over at Ginjer who was grinning broadly. Is this what youve been researching?
Appetites, Andolyn finished. Its important! Have you really never even kissed him?
I kissed his forehead once, and his cheeks a few times.
That does not count, her cousin said with an exasperated tone. If he is as pretty as you say, Ill steal him.
Hes handsome, not pretty. Robyn tapped her finger on the rim of her goblet. How long do you think it will take Talon to return?
If he went as far south as Igron. A week, maybe a little less. Men as good as you need dont grow in the fields.
I know, I know, Robyn muttered. I hope Gabriel does not think I have forgotten about him.
If the last words off your tongue were your declaration of love for him, it is likely hes not forgotten. Andolyn went to pour herself a goblet of hot wine. Your twentieth birth anniversary is not far off, is it?
Robyn grimaced. You remember too well.
How will you handle removing Queen Miranda?
Seeing as I am the rightful heir, she has no choice but to step down. Should she refuse, I would have to rally all the houses loyal to my own and lay my claim against her. There would likely not be actual bloodshed but more a display of force. The nobles of the powerful houses would side with me, and Miranda would be deposed messily.
What would your first decree be? Andolyn asked.
Robyn thought for a moment. Anyone who can safely remove a Castrofax will be granted a Lordship and lands.
Will you still try and suffocate him? Ginjer asked gently, well informed of all plans and stories by now.
Robyn nodded. I will.
Ginjers pale brown eyes bored into her. You know he may not be revived? Could you have that on your hands?
Robyn looked away and tapped her goblet again. Hes always been so free, she whispered finally. Ive never seen him look so trapped. He couldnt live like that long. Her memory went back to the day she entered his room to find his wrist slit. As oppressive as his power was, he learned to deal with it and welcome it as part of him. Now that it was gone, it may not be as welcome a blessing like it was when he was nineteen.

Gabriel did not leave his bed for days, exhausted and sore to the bone. While the Mages could heal most things, aches were not one of them. A few soaks in a warm bath helped, but only for a while. Sleep was the only way to avoid the pain, and Prince Balien made sure he was well stocked in sleeping draughts.
Aisling visited during his meals, but she and the Battle Mages had fixed everything that could be mended. The only things they could not mend were his memories. The nightmares came after the first few nights.
The cold Castrofax pressed against the back of his neck and his right wrist as he moved the left, trying to keep it from touching his skin. He theorized that if each piece made no contact with him, it may allow him to touch his Elements without consequences. So far he had no luck. He perched on the edge of his bed, staring at the etchings in the copper metal that looked like writing, or something his mind could not consider. Whatever they were pushed past his vision and ended in fuzzy lines. He suspected they were patterns of some sort etched into the metal. He thought he recognized the lock-pattern that would keep a door closed, but it was connected to another he did not know, possibly the anchor-pattern.
Despite his situation, he did not break. He heard Aisling whisper to Balien that he was still in a state of denial and staying there would keep him going longer. He lingered, telling himself Robyn would have an answer, or the Head Mage would come to his rescue. Part of him knew there was no hope, but he refused to let that fact take root. He tried not to think of the freedom he lost, or the crushing absence of his Elements, or of the girl who whispered her love to him. He touched the golden band with his thumb and smiled. He hoped he would have the chance to tell her the same.
His wet hair from a morning soak dripped into his shirt, and he gave his head a quick shake. A knock sounded on the door. He had grown fearful of a knock, but Nolen had not bothered him in days. In fact, Aisling heard rumors the Prince was nowhere to be found. He called for entrance.
Aisling walked in with a smooth looka look he was beginning to recognize as a mask.
Your presence is requested in the throne room, she said simply.
Why? he asked, standing. Is Miranda going to try sending me back to the dungeons? She could not with a pardon from the Head Mage.
I was not told, but I have been summoned as well. She strode across the room to his wardrobe and flung the doors open, selecting a blue coat that fit him just below the hips, marked with black triangular patterns to accentuate his shoulders. It had a high collar, and he knew she chose it to hide the Castrofax. She looked fetching in a pale pink gown slashed with dark purple panels. She was always modest, wearing corsets that covered her bosom and shoulders. This vest as well, she stated and pulled out a simple black vest to match his black trousers.
Ive never been dressed before, he mused as he shrugged the vest on, doing up the ebony buttons.
Get used to it. All men of your standing need a clothier.
Do you have one as well?
I have two, she replied and helped his coat on. As he buttoned it, she ran a hand through his hair and parted it to the right where it usually resided. You have your fathers hair.
That alarmed him. Lady Aisling, what were you doing running your fingers through my fathers hair?
She smirked. It looks the same. When he was younger, he wore it longer like this. He was a looker, you know, as are you.
He gave her a smile, but he didnt mean it. He felt anything but attractive with his power so diminished. Power was attractive, captivity was not.
You are a lovely lady yourself. How is it you never came to marry?
She straightened his coat at the shoulders. The Lamay line has a long heritage of great Mages, and my parents would not allow any of lower Class to court me. Father is very disapproving of most everything these days.
And your mother? He extended his elbow, and she took it.
She is much the same. She chuckled as they started walking. The truth is when love came calling, I was Advisor to Rincarel and had just attained a Council Seat. There wasnt any time for anything else.
Yet you have lived a life more fulfilled than so many who have more than you.
He felt her fingers tighten a little over his coat. And I have done so many terrible things.
They conversed as they made their way to the throne room, speaking of court life and rumors. Word was Nolen had fathered his fourth bastard and did all he could to ignore it. Aisling saw the woman and her daughter taken care of. Word of sudden deaths springing up in the closest city had people talking. Fires burning through Cinibar and Aidenmar threatened to destroy crops and villages. Aisling suspected everything was related but had no way to prove it, and birds from Castle Jaden brought no explanations.
A small council room sat behind the throne room, connected by two arching doorways. One door stood ajar, and in the slit of vision, Nolen stood with his side to them. Gabriel felt his chest tighten at the sight of the man, remembering the endless horrors in the cold darkness. He had not realized he stopped his stride until Aisling jerked him. He steeled his resolve as he walked closer to Nolen, feeling his brow tighten. He would not let the Prince have anything more from him.
Nolen looked up when they moved in his peripheral vision and straightened. He lookedcontent. That worried Gabriel. The Prince unfolded his hands, and Gabriel was relieved to see there were no leashes or whips.
I have brought some friends of mine to meet you, he said to Gabriel. Gabriel seized the Princes gaze and did not back down while green eyes bored into him. I expect you to be on your best behavior. He turned to Aisling. My mother awaits you. You would be wise to follow her silence.
Silence rarely solves problems, she retorted.
Nolen met Gabriels eyes again. Yes, I would say silence does quite a deal of damage for some. This may be another time you wish to keep your mouth silent as well. He opened the door and strode in with them close behind.
As per custom, Aisling stood to the right of the Eagle Throne where Miranda already sat in a green gown, and Nolen stood to the left with Gabriel on his left. As Gabriel passed behind the throne, he peered around it to see these friends of Nolens. He expected more marauders or perhaps torturers, but he was surprised to see women. As he took his place beside Nolen, he surveyed the ladies.
They were all of exquisite beauty, not a common face or figure among them. Most were tall with long hair pulled up in fancy braids, light brown and red with a few blondes intermixed. They were slender, statuesque, of certain noble bearing, and all young. They were garbed in the trademark satins of Arconia, wearing tight-fitting dresses that were unlike the bulky cottons and wools of Anatoly gowns.
One woman in the front of the group stood out as the leader. She was old enough to be their mother, but she was still beautiful with few wrinkles around her eyes and little gray hair in her auburn locks. She was garbed in a sturdy dress of pale gray with accents of cream, and wore a stiff lace circle around the back of her head to give her a haloed look. A mountain of emeralds hung around her neck and wrists, and even more dripped from her ears. She and the Queen were speaking quietly as they entered.
That is the Breaker of Stars, a woman close enough to him whispered in Arconian and tittered.
Arconia was a Kingdom far off to the east across the ocean. It was a mass of islands with one main land, four sisters, and hundred smaller islands. The land bore rich soil excellent for farming and cattle rearing. Some of the finest wool and red wine came from the Hundred Isles. The lands were also riddled with gem mines from ancient volcanoes, making it a rich kingdom ruled under King Victor. It was a solid two, possibly three-week journey, but the women did not look tired.
Gabriel chewed the inside of his lip as he tried to figure out their purpose.
Queen Cathlyn, it is my honor to welcome you to our City, Miranda announced, and Gabriel stopped chewing and looked again at the woman. Why is she here? He did not hazard a glance at Nolen, feeling the faint energy the man gave off knowing he was pleased. Gabriel swallowed and clasped his hands behind his back to keep from fidgeting.
The Arconian Queen gave a bow that her ladies mimicked. Gabriel looked them over again and saw matching cloak pins of burnished metal and fat gems in the middle. As he looked closer he saw rubies, emeralds, sapphires, pearls, and a gray stone he did not recognize. The breath slipped from him suddenly as he realized the women were Mages. Unlike Anatolian Mages who wore black Mage cloaks to signify their status, Arconians wore cloak pins and brooches. Most wore copper pins signifying a Class Five, but there were several with the black tungsten of a Class Six. This will not end well.
My son tells me you are here on his bidding, Miranda stated with little emotion, and Gabriel knew she was uncertain. Since when did a Prince do something without his Queens permission or knowledge? Please enlighten the court.
Your welcome is most appreciated, Queen Cathlyn replied with a nod of her head and a lilt to her accent. Arconian was a beautifully flowing language, structured the same as Gabriels mother tongue, and as expected of well-educated youth, he had studied it in depth with Robyns tutors. Your son is an admirable young man, and we have enjoyed his time in our court.
Miranda and Aisling looked at Nolen for an answer, but the Prince gave none.
Queen Cathlyn continued. Your son has struck a bargain with us to fiscally support your kingdom and strengthen our alliance. He told us much about this Class Ten you have in your possession, and we look forward to working with him.
Miranda gave a fleeting smile. And what is this bargain?
A hundred soldiers, a ship of the finest red Dastanian wine, and a chest of uncut jewels for every child the Class Ten fathers.
Cold crept up Gabriels neck. He did not know if he should continue looking at the foreign Queen, or turn his icy eyes on Nolen. He felt eyes on him and knew his next words could damn him deeper. In the span of a heartbeat, Gabriels hands fell from behind his back, and his right snapped up pointing at Queen Cathlyn.
I am not an animal! he shouted, and the room fell silent but echoes of his voice. The ladies stared up at him, some smirking in disagreement, others in surprise. It took him a moment to realize he had spoken in Arconian and had been well understood by the newcomers.
Queen Cathlyn did not turn her cool gaze from him. There were a hundred thoughts in her cold expression. She was a powerful woman, one used to getting her way, bent to sating her will by any means. Dear boy, you do not have a say in the matter.
Miranda looked as alarmed as Gabriel, but when she gazed at Nolen, her retort died. She instead gave Gabriel a reply. As much as it displeases you, you are property of the kingdom.
I must object, Aisling shot in, grappling for power. That is something the throne has no say in.
Miranda put a hand up. Actually, my word is law, and you should think twice before disagreeing with me in my own hall, she snapped without looking at Aisling. Queen Cathlyn, what are your terms?
Impregnation of nine-tenths of my Mages, Cathlyn answered with a little nod.
Gabriel seethed. They could not make him. I will have no part in this! He yelled and clenched his fists. The Mages looked on him again. Stars above, there has to be forty of them. I am a Mage, and under the laws of Jaden, I answer first to the Head Mage and second to the throne of Anatoly.
Then by all means let him speak, Miranda replied and cast a hand across the hall. Oh, pity he could not be here to defend you.
You will take nothing else from me, he replied as darkly as he could, and Nolen cuffed him across the back of his skull.
In case it escaped your reasoning, you belong to me now, Nolen hissed in Gabriels ear. You will bed these women and strengthen the Mage population.
Gabriel pulled loose and stormed off, but got no more than four steps before a solid Air pattern wrapped around his legs. He rotated his torso and drew from his chest strings of Spirit before he remembered a fueled pattern would harm him more than Nolen, and the threads slipped back in. He turned his gaze to the pattern around his calves and tried to pull loose.
He would fain do this for you, Nolen replied, and when Gabriel opened his mouth to object, Nolen tightened another Air pattern around his vocal chords.
Excellent, Queen Cathlyn replied and fixed Gabriel with a triumphant smirk that said she always won. Gabriel shot her a murderous look before gazing over the eyes locked on his. Some women smiled, others blushed, and a few had twisted grins and narrow eyes, devouring him. One woman stood in a relaxed fashion, a finger on her lips, and she slowly looked him up, undressing him with her eyes. He gave her a particularly sharp glare as her narrowed eyes met his, and she smirked slyly.
Please stay as long as it takes, Miranda said and stood. I have rooms ready in the northern wing, and I hope you want for nothing in your stay. Please, join me in the Kings Hall for supper.
Gladly, Cathlyn bowed slightly.
At a motion from Miranda, guards pulled the doors open and serving women in red tunics swept in to herd the women who all move as one graceful cloud.
Once the doors closed shut, Nolen released Gabriel for a moment but quickly put the pattern back up as Gabriel reeled around with his fists clenched.
I will not, Gabriel shouted as Aisling added her own voice, yelling, You have no right! Miranda slunk back into her throne and put a hand on her forehead.
I cannot be made to do this, Gabriel announced, shaking his head and balling his fists. And no matter of torture or pain will bend my will.
Head Mage Casimir will hear of this and issue a pardon, Aisling announced.
He will not, because I will have every bird shot from the sky should you send a note, Nolen replied smoothly and looked at Gabriel. You will.
Your Grace, can you not see your son is pulling the strings of your throne? Aisling beseeched.
As you have done for years? Miranda replied and stood. I am afraid your rule is at an end.
Aisling did not seem worried. Instead she folded her hands neatly. You should know Princess Robyn has been found, then, she stated and the room fell silent. In fact, she is here in the City gathering support for her claim, and on the tenth of this month, she will present her claim to you and take the throne. So, in truth, it is your rule that has come to an end. How satisfying for you that this will be your last action. Her cold words visibly cut Miranda, but the Queen said nothing.
Nolens face was a thundercloud. The news was foreign to him. This changes nothing. She has no forces to object me, and I still control the strongest Mage alive.
Hardly, Gabriel snapped, feeling his will rise. For a moment he was not a captured Mage, he was simply a man with his own volition.
You are not the person she is objecting, Aisling reminded. You have no claim to the throne.
Nolen snapped his finger at her. Be silent. He turned back to Gabriel. We are going to the dungeons.
Gladly, Gabriel replied and unbuttoned his coat.
The Head Mage has already given his pardon, and Mage Gabriel can no longer be tortured, Aisling said in a shrill voice.
Gabriel left his coat unbuttoned but kept it on. It was such a handsome thing; it would be terrible to ruin. The tight pattern around his legs loosened as Nolen turned to the side doors.
To the dungeons with you, he said softly. You will see how much leverage I still have over you yet.

Chapter 24
Ryker shifted to just outside Castle Jaden on the well-traveled winding switchback road. This time of night, the castle wall was illuminated with burning torches with each bastion set every 500 yards. Ryker walked up the switchback, pulling his black Mage cloak tight around his shoulders. His original Mage cloak had been lost to the years, but a little Spirit Mage had made him a new one, beautifully embroidering the star of Spirit over his breast but leaving Void off to avoid causing a stir. Wind blew up from the flatlands below, catching up his cloak and swirling around his coat.
Castle Jaden was well renowned for her defensive wards, and one of them prevented him from shifting or sidestepping in. He had to walk in like all others. Some rings were made back in his day that allowed a man to bend the anti-shifting pattern, but Ryker had none.
After a few switchbacks he turned to face the great gate, topped with two bastion towers, a stone bridge over top, and crenellations for protection. Men heralded to ask his business, to which he replied he sought sanctuary. One door of the great gate opened, and three Mages spilled out to search him and ask further questions. Where did he come from, why did he flee, where were his possessions, were there others following, who was he? He had perfectly crafted answers. He wove a sad story of his farm set to arson and with such a weak grasp of Spirit he had no choice but to turn to the safety of Jaden.
The men welcomed him in once they were satisfied, convinced his accent was northern, and pointed down one of the starburst streets that spilled from the main courtyard. Ryker thanked him kindly and followed the street. He cut in between the little alleys of shops and wound his way back towards the Head Mages Tower. Certain no one would know his face, he lowered his hood and smiled politely as he passed people.
He buckled the doors of the Tower inward and shook the cold from his clothes, grateful for the Lodges warm fire. Little had changed in an Age, but there were new banners with Elemental insignias, new carpets, and the banisters had been stripped of their black paint revealing the polished brown wood beneath. He wound his way up the stairs, pausing every now and then to listen for voices. He entered the Head Mages chambers; they were vacant. In his day the Head Mage rarely left his quarters, taking his meals and entertaining in them, so if he was not here, there were only a few other places he could be. Ryker checked the Secondhands dorm as well to find them vacant. That narrowed his choices.
He went to the testing room where Mage-Selects were given their Class, and he took another flight of stairs up to the Council Hall. He could feel the energy the people inside gave. He found what he was looking for.
Two guards in white tunics stood outside. They were easy to dispose of, falling to the ground silently with pinch-patterns sent into their brains. Ryker threw the doors open with a crackling electricity pattern that shot blue tendrils of energy through the room for show.
The people inside jumped to their feet, some throwing patterns, but Ryker had experience at his fingertips and dodged all attacks. He threw his own patterns, wrapping the men and women in cords of Spirit that pinned their arms to their sides, throwing them to their backs. A white-clothed man at the end of the table was already on his feet, but Ryker threw him back into his chair and wrapped his hands to the armrests. For a Head Mage, the man was weak at what must have been a pathetic excuse for a Class Six. In moments the entire Council had been disarmed, and Ryker suffered only one cut to his thigh that someone snuck through his defenses.
He walked up to the end of the rectangular table and stopped, putting his hands on the creamy marble. Hullo, I am Mage Ryker Slade. It was so kind of your men t let me in the gates with naught but a few questions.
A man in a hat tried to rise from where he had fallen over his chair and narrowly succeeded in kicking Ryker. Ryker twirled his fingers and set a Spirit pattern deep in the mans chest, constricting the lungs. The Head Mage said nothing but stared Ryker down with a loathsome look.
Why are you here? The Head Mage asked.
Can I ne visit mine old home? The faces have changed but most of the structures are the same. Tell me, are the tunnels t Tintagaelsing still open, or have y stopped trade? The Head Mage made no reply, looking almost befuddled for a moment. Ah, but youve lost so much over the years. He twirled his fingers again and lifted the pattern from the Councilmans chest to hear the man gasp. I am here t offer a peace treaty.
We will have no peace from you, the Head Mage replied.
In a sort. Y have something I want, ac I have something y want. He paused for effect. I will trade y the Silex par the Class Ten in the Castrofax.
Ludicrous! an older woman with short white hair yelled. He raised a brow at her, and she averted her eyes wisely.
You propose an unfair trade, the Head Mage replied. Mage Gabriel can never be free.
Ryker raised a finger and smiled, chuckling for a moment mirthlessly. Wont he now? Y tell me where the Silex is, ac I will free your Class Ten.
You cannot open a Castrofax, a blond-haired, green-coated man replied from the floor.
Ryker chuckled again and made a sucking noise with his cheek. I certainly can.
The room fell silent as he expected it would. Revelations of such a statement undid years of legends, but he had built a failsafe in them upon creation in case one of his Arch Mages fell victim to the Castrofax. He never told anyone but his chosen four, and revealing such information would set him back in leverage.
No one knows where the Silex is, a man in gray coat growled, his head pinned against the table.
Ne even the Head Mage? Ryker asked. Surely the Head Mage knows where all the relics are. Tell me, where is Pikes Ring of Rebirth, hum? What of Maxines Excellyon? I know y have Evonys, so y must have others, including the remaining Castrofax. So, let me ask one more time, where is the Silex?
The Head Mage tightened his lips. It was hidden long ago. Why tell a Head Mage its location when it is meant to be secret? He frowned with a sudden realization, And you do not have the Class Ten.
Ryker waggled a finger and clicked his cheek. But I control the strings.
Traitor! a pretty Fire Mage with a thick braid yelled. I knew Nolen was not working alone!
Ryker regarded the white-haired man across from him and searched his face for a lie. He had never been good at discerning emotions, relying on his power to browbeat the information instead. His Arch Mage Maxine had been very talented at reading the truth. The Head Mage seemed to be weighing something.
Why do you want the Silex? he asked.
Y do ne know? Ryker smirked.
The mans eyes narrowed. I know. I want to hear it from your mouth.
Y dont really know. Ryker chuckled. Then I shant tell y.
The older man put on a challenging face. You want it to raise your Arch Mages from the spirit world, to complete what you began two Ages ago. You may as well kill me now and take what you came here for.
The hall fell silent as the Council looked at their Head Mage. Ryker was surprised the Head Mage was so well informed. It unnerved him a touch.
I am here t negotiate a trade, but seeing as y dont know where mine Silex be, I have no reason t stay.
Rykers eyes and hair became white, and the people gasped as he slowly pulled black threads from his chest. He almost stopped at their exclamations of surprise, astonished they did not know, and laughed. The Mages had fallen so far they did not even know the Void Element; a skill difficult to attain but vital for power succession. He carried on for a while, leaving them befuddled. Know this, your Councilwoman Selene knew far more than she should have about the Silex, so if y think I wont find it, y best be preparing yourself elsewise. Jadens wards prevented anyone from shifting or sidestepping in, but anyone could leave by the same meansa foolish flaw. He laid a shift-pattern and left them with his echoing laughter.

Fear closed Gabriels throat with each deliberate step through the dungeons. His fists clenched so tightly the nails dug into his palms. His eyes flitted to every shifting shadow, ever wary of Nolens allies who could easily abduct him in such a vulnerable place. The Prince strode ahead of him with a quick pace, his own fists bunched in anger. Their boots echoed through the natural caves and mixed with the voices of men in cells.
A jailor led the way with a set of keys hung around his thick neck. He was a broad man and stood inches taller than Gabriel. Though he walked with a limp, it was obvious from the scars on his hands that his was a face that knew battle.
The air was still and stale, thick with moisture and the occasional whiff of urine. It grew colder as they wound their way through the rock. Darkness pressed all around them save only the lantern in the jailors fist.
Gabriel wondered who or what Nolen stashed in the darkness that would give him reason to surrender. Robyn was safe, he was sure of it, and unless by some chance the Prince had her down here, there was nothing alive that could persuade him.
The jailor stopped before a large, iron banded wooden door set into the stone. Around the door were old tan bricks, an unusual sight in the gray dungeon. The door unlocked and gave with a shriek, buckling open. A faint flickering came from within the room, along with the aroma of unwashed skin.
Nolen took the torch and stepped in without hesitation, walking to the center of the small room. Gabriel stepped up to the threshold and kept one eye on the jailor in case the man closed the door on him. Nolen saw Gabriel did not follow and snapped his fingers pointing at the floor before him. Gabriel took another step in and stopped abruptly.
What small trace of Elements still lingered in his senses vanished like a blown out candle. He made a guttural sound and tried to step back, but the jailor closed the door behind him. His heart raced, and sweat prickled his brow. Every palace and castle had an incanted room to hold Mage prisoners, which meant only one thing.
A scraping sound came from his left, and Gabriel surveyed the room. It had four small cells in it with barred fronts that opened to the center. A few candles lit the cells, and Gabriel saw a slender, ragged man with a brown beard stand putting his wan hands on the bars.
Got yourself a Lord this time? the man asked in an Aidenmarian accent. His voice was thin and parched, his skin much the same, and he looked withered under what was once a fine coat and breeches.
Be silent, Nolen snapped and looked at Gabriel with a satisfied smile. Every worthy establishment has a room where Mages can be kept without risk of using their Elements. You have never been in a room like this before, I wager.
Gabriel swallowed and pressed his fingers against the door, trying to feel for any gap that would allow him access to the outside. The door held.
Nolen chuckled. If you like, you can stay a fortnight or two in here.
Boy, I am Mage Malain Whitestone. You mus get word t my family I am alive.
Gabriel looked at the Aidenmarian and saw the pleading in his gaunt face. Does the Queen know these men are here, or is this your doing?
You learn quickly, Nolen quipped, But do you remember? He beckoned with a hand, and Gabriel slowly pried himself off the door. The cell to his right was empty, but to his far left another man with white hair blinked in the circle of light. He looked cleaner and a little plump still, but his face was pale, and his eyes held a sense of hopelessness.
I think you might know this man, Nolen said and held the torch to Gabriels far right. If not, then he knows you.
Gabriel took another step forward, passed a stone wall that divided the cells, and warily peered around it. His heart caught in his throat.
Father? he exclaimed and flew the last few steps to him, grasping his hands through the bars. Cordiss face was thin, and his eyes blinked rapidly in the light of the torch, but they welled up with tears when they saw his son. Gabriel gripped his shoulders, feeling wasted muscle and bone.
I knew you would come, Cordis whispered, and a tear slid down his face into his beard. His once-black hair had grayed years ago speckled heavily with white. I told them all you would come.
Yes, he said a lot of things, Nolen agreed. Like where you were, where you would go, what form you would take. It was easy to find you in the end.
Why would you do this? Gabriel roared at Nolen, taking a hand off his father to face the Prince. What did my father do to you?
Oh, nothing to me, Nolen smirked.
Then what did you do to him? Gabriel sneered. He knew his father would never reveal his secrets unless under great duress.
It doesnt matter, Cordis said and gripped his arm. Youre here to free us. Gabriel turned to his father, his lips parted as his face said no. Cordiss face fell. Then why are you here?
Nolen grabbed the back of Gabriels collar and jerked it down. He is my prisoner. Holding the light aloft, he revealed the glinting band of copper. Cordiss eyes looked at it in confusion. His eyes shifted to Gabriels hand still clamped around his shoulder and pushed the coat sleeve back to see a matching band. His face became a thundercloud.
He lunged at Nolen through the bars, raking jagged nails through the air. You put my boy in a Castrofax! Ill wring your scrawny neck, you son of a whore! The prisoners let out a shout of dismay and disbelief, and Cordis reached for Nolen as the Prince took a step back. There were tears in his eyes as he looked again at the neckpiece.
Mage, Nolen stated. Gabriel had gotten used to Nolen never calling him by his first name, and he responded with a glance. If you submit to the will of Queen Cathlyn, I will let your father go.
You mean to your will, Gabriel snapped.
Nolen continued. You will also no longer balk nor speak unless asked a question, and you will not meet my eyes. You will do as I say without question.
Not the Arconians, Gabriel replied. Everything else but not them.
Cordis clenched his sons arm. Do not allow him an inch over you. I will be safe here.
Not without food and water, Nolen snickered.
Gabriel looked around the room at the two other men. Free them as well, and Ill go quietly.
They are not part of the bargain, and you will go quietly regardless.
Gabriel closed his eyes and searched for leverage. There was one piece of knowledge he had that would trump all else. It would give him all the advantage he needed, but Robyns life was not worth these men. His only choices were submit, or let his father die. He met Nolens gaze.
You let my father stay with me, let him come to no harm and with no threat of imprisonment.
You raise your hand or voice against me, and be assured he will be threatened.
Gabriel gritted his teeth.
Stars above, do you want me to throw in a croft of land and a bouquet of roses? Nolen snapped.
No, but I want these men to be given proper treatment befitting their status, Gabriel snapped back. Baths, new clothes, food, drink, books, and lanterns.
Fine! Nolen growled. You are in no place to be making bargains.
Gabriel steeled his back. He could live with submission, but bedding the Arconians was different. He would find a way around them.
Then I agree. Gabriel replied.
No, boy, Cordis hissed, but the deal was made.
Nolen unlocked the grate, and Gabriel jerked it open, pulling his father out. The man had wasted beneath his clothes and smelled like he had not bathed in quite a while. But the oily smell of his hair was still his fathers. Twice his age, Cordis had been a young father and a fine joker to match. His absence left Gabriel lonely.
You cannot, Gabriel, Cordis argued, gripping his sons arms. No Class Ten is slave to any man.
Be reassured he did not come easily, Nolen sneered and made his way to the door.
How? Cordis whispered.
He sent his Air Guard after me, Gabriel explained.
And the Guard?
Nolen turned and marked both men with a glare. Four thousand two hundred marched, five hundred twenty returned. With the Guard destroyed, Nolen was left unprotected.
Gabriel had seen the look on the faces of men he slaughtered when he closed his eyes. Each man was a mothers son, young and assured death would not come for them when they were so strong and capable. No man knew when death would call their name, but Gabriel knew with a single wrist-flick he could decide quickly for most. Some soldiers in the soft of night begged the stars for greatness and longevity, but if death was meant for them, they asked for a swift one. Gabriel left many hundred still on the battlefield wounded, blubbering for relief or an end. He had no right to decide when a man stopped living. To cut off the spirit from the body was unforgivable, irreversible, and so shocking it left him reeling and cold.
Gabriel looked at the two men in the cells. I will come for you, he muttered. As he stepped out, he nearly walked into his father who stopped, breathing deeply with his palms up. The Elements flowed through him. This far into the rock, there was no living Earth energy to be felt, but Water energy dripped all around.
Nolen started the party moving, and the Lenis men kept pace to stay within the circle of light. Cordis began to tire after a few paces and Gabriel put an arm under him to keep him moving. Nolen realized they were lagging.
I will send you an Arconian tonight, the Prince stated and quickened his pace, leaving them in the hall with only the glow of his torch to guide them.
How did this happen? Gabriel whispered when Nolen was well away.
Cordis breathed hard so they slowed. I was ambushed on the Two Forks Road just outside Sabin, he answered after a moment. They brought me here. He said nothing else on the matter, but there had to be more. Nolen would not capture a man without cause. Isis she safe?
She is.
Miranda still sits, Cordis sighed.
They walked in silence and finally reached light, listening to the bawdy voices of prisoners. Gabriel paused to take off his coat and put it on his father. It would not hide the look of a prisoner, but it would make the proud man feel better. They left the dungeons, and Cordis smiled, breathing in cleaner air and stretching his legs. Where are your rooms? Earth energy tickled their senses and brought new light to Cordiss eyes.
With the Queen.
What part does she play in this?
She plays on her own side, Gabriel replied. The side that doesnt know what shes doing. A passing servant stopped and gave Gabriel a proper bow before scurrying on. It was not long before another two did the same, calling him Star Mage and Star Breaker.
Whats all this about? Cordis asked, his voice growing a little stronger.
Gabriel shrugged. By now every servant knew who he was and had heard likely exaggerated stories of his deeds.
How much further? Cordis asked after a while.
Not much. Forgotten how large Kilkiny is?
So it appears.
The fire in Gabriels hearth had not yet been lit, but the water in the taps was hot, and Gabriel was quick to draw a warm bath for Cordis. He searched through all the salts and soaps, setting half a dozen out on the edge of the bath. He saw Cordis pull the energy of the water into a pattern to heat it, and he looked away with a sad smile.
It has been too long, Cordis said stripping and sliding into the water. He selected a salt and gently scrubbed at his skin. His body was pale and bony, so unlike the strong man Gabriel used to know.
You said something about Slade, Cordis muttered before Gabriel could slip out. In Ages past, a mans surname was part of his title, but as Mages weakened, it was easier to simply say the first name and a Class. Gabriel would never need his surname, for there would be no other Class Ten Gabriel in his time. In Rykers day, all men used their surnames and his was still part of his identity.
Gabriel leaned against the wall. He awoke. We suspect Nolen, and I wager Ryker had something to do with this, he said and shook a wristlet. Cordiss face pinched at the sight of it.
Which is it?
Overturn.
So you still feel your Elements, Cordis nodded, and Gabriel shrugged.
A fraction of what they were. Dont worry yourself.
Boy, you better not pass this off as nothing. This is inexcusable. As soon as I get my strength back, I swear I will strangle that princelingyou can watch.
Gabriel smirked and looked at the marble floor, still steeped in denial. Why were you coming to Anatoly City? Was it really business like you said?
Of course, Cordis replied and ducked under the oily water. He laid a pattern and ran it through his hair. This got long, he said and held the broken strands out. Longer than yours. I like the length you grew it to.
A lady made me, he replied
Cordis continued to scrub. How long have you been here?
A few weeks? A knock sounded on the door, and when Gabriel called for admittance, a stoop-shouldered old man came in with a bag and announced himself as the barber. Once Cordis washed the suds from his head, the man shaved the scraggly beard and trimmed the hair back up to the short style it used to hold.
Gabriel felt his fathers dehydration and filled a cup of cold water from the tap. Cordis filtered it before drinking. Having been without his Elements for nearly two years, he used every pattern he could. Gabriel wondered how he would be after two years without his Elements. Perhaps he would waste away himself, grow wan and pale, graying early. With the Elements in his fathers hands, the man instantly looked younger.
Where is your valet? Cordis asked.
I can dress myself.
Well you look right smart now.
Aisling dressed me today, he muttered and picked at the black vest.
Cordis continued to grow younger as the barber worked away the scraggly locks. When finished, he looked closer to fifty rather than sixty. Cordis washed his hair and face once more, scrubbing the dead skin away with fervor until he was pink. Gabriel searched for clothes as the barber helped his father from the tub. He selected simple gray trousers and a cream shirt, with a short dark blue wool mantle with a fox fur collar to keep him warm. The clothes hung loosely on Cordis, but after a while the man would eventually fill them out.
Those men with you in the prison Gabriel began, and Cordis nodded.
Mages Malain and Oren. I must send a pigeon to their families and the Head Mage. Malain arrived a while after me, and Oren not long ago. There was a woman, Careese, who was there before, but she hung herself when she gave birth. She claimed Nolen was the father by no fault of her own, and they took the babe away. Mage Malain is a Creator, did you know?
I thought I recognized that name. Yes, I was supposed to train with him, but when you vanished, so did we.
Oh, yes. He faded off and looked out the window. Is Lady Aisling still Advisor?
She is.
Cordis nodded and bit his bottom lip. I should like to see hertell her of this injustice.
Gabriel led the way to her room, watching his fathers glancing looks at the Castrofax. Aisling opened her door, relieved to see Gabriel, but her eyes fell to the man by his side, and her mouth fell agape. Suddenly she flung her arms around Cordiss neck, throwing his weak frame back a few steps. Gabriel raised his brows, knowing they had been friends, but this was a bit extreme.
II thought you dead for sure, her voice choked. You are so thin. Where have you been? she put hands on his face and shoulders to feel the bones beneath.
Prince Nolen had me locked in the incanted room in the dungeons, Cordis replied, his face tightening as he said it.
How did you get out?
My boy, Cordis beamed. Does Urima still stand?
Aisling nodded but looked up at Gabriel. What deal did you make with him?
A few things, here and there, Gabriel replied.
Cordis cut in. We have much to discuss. Gabriel tells me the world is falling apart.
Beginning with the stars, Aisling sighed.
Someone has to tell me what that means.
Aisling nodded with a little smile. I will have dinner sent up for us. You look half starved. We will discuss everything over a drink.
A drink was much needed, to quiet Aislings nerves, to calm Cordiss excitement, and to distract Gabriel from the deals he made. Ive read impotence can be brought on by too much alcohol. He drowned his goblet and refilled it. Aisling unraveled the details of the past two years and of recent events concerning Ryker, the lost Council Members, and Prince Nolen. Cordis listened carefully, nodding now and again while stuffing his face. There were details Gabriel had not been privy to. Council Members had been found as specters with unnatural powers. Aisling confessed she received two reports of specters; one who pulled moisture from every person, and a woman who walked in the center of a dust cyclone with enough strength to lift a man. Ryker was working his old skills.
Ive never thought to ask, but at what point did you receive your title of Lady? Gabriel asked in a lull. Both your parents are still alive.
Aisling dabbed at her lips. Yes, the title passes when the mother diesor if the child of a Lord and Lady is given family-owned property. My grandparents gave me land nearly thirty years ago as far away from my parents as they could manage. She chuckled and sipped her wine. We do not abide easily together.
Which property? Gabriel asked.
A manor in the south, she replied. You would not know of it.
Lady Mage is quite a mouthful, Cordis snickered.
Gabriel was weary of the stories by the end of the wine. His current predicament did nothing to lighten his dark stupor. It angered him even more that he could do nothing while Ryker killed and reanimated spirits, most likely with Void. Gabriel read books that hinted to the existence of the sister side of Spirit, but Void had been outlawed an Age ago after the Mage Wars. Books detailing it had been burned, and knowledge of it scratched from paintings and tapestries. The Element Void was all but myth now.
He drained his wine and stood. I will retire early tonight, Gabriel said, feeling the wine in his head. Should I find rooms for you? he asked Cordis.
Cordis shot an inquisitive look to Aisling.
No, I will see to them, she replied. Good night.
Gabriel gave them both a nod and slipped out, keeping a hand on any solid surface he could find. His father was surprisingly unchanged in attitude though he had every right to be bitter.
Gabriel slipped into his rooms to find the hearth and sconces already lit. He unbuttoned his coat and walked through the bedchamber, but suddenly the faint kinetic energy of a body brushed his senses. He spun to the bed to see a woman draped over the pillows, an open book lying before her. She closed the book as their eyes met.
She wore a short lilac nightgown that clung to her torso in a sinful way. Long brown hair, unnaturally curled, fell to her waist. She brushed it over a shoulder as she rounded the bed. She was lovely, tall for a woman, with a winsome, lithe body and full bosom. Her nose was straight and cheekbones high in the Arconian fashion, and she had narrow hazel eyes under manicured brows. She raised one and smirked as Gabriel backed into the armoire.
It took you long enough, she said in a faint Arconian accent. I am Class Five Water Mage Mikelle Anlon. Remember that name; youll be sure to summon me after tonight. Her accent revealed she was well educated, and her straight posture said she was confidenttwo dangerous things.
Gabriel put his hands up as she stepped too close. No. He remembered his oath to Nolen, but there had to be a way around it. I cannot.
She closed the gap between them and took hold of his coat. He tried to back away further, cringing like an idiot. He had never been good with women, having wooed so few and spent two years secluded with the only girl who understood him. Because he felt so much Spirit energy, he did not like to touch people and did not like to be touched. Robyn respected that.
You certainly can, a man of your stature. She unbuttoned his coat and put two fingers against his chest. He held his breath. I can show you things you never dreamed of, delight you in ways youve never thought possible. She drew the fingers down his chest and poked him in the ribs.
Gabriels brain stopped working for a moment, and when he opened his mouth nothing came out. She smirked and continued to draw her fingers down. Im impotent, he finally sputtered out.
She chuckled. Lie better. Her fingers brushed the edge of his trousers.
II only like plump women. Skinny women are too breakable.
She laughed and continued her downward spiral.
He grabbed her hand. Ive never bedded a woman, and Im not about to start with you, he said, his voice gaining strength. Im saved for my lady love.
Slowly, surprisingly, she gave him a sly smile and took a step back. I was hoping you would say as muchthough the alternative would not have been dreadful. He released her hand, and she glided to the two plush chairs before the hearth and sat down. Join me, she commanded.
He regarded her carefully and took the long way around to stay furthest away from her. She adjusted the bosom of her dress but did nothing to hide the full flesh. He averted his gaze after getting a pleasant eyeful and swallowed. Dead puppies, dead puppies.
I was quite pleased to be chosen by Nolen as the first. Did you know how terrified you looked on the dais? I was certain you were pure by your stiff reactions. She crossed her legs and folded her hands. Im here to help you.
Explain.
I shall, she smirked. I was sent to see what was happening in Anatoly.
A likely story. He narrowed his own eyes. Youre a spy.
She laughed heartily. Tell anyone, and Ill kill you. Her face was joyful; her tone was serious. Nolen brought tremendous stories, saying he captured and broke you. I was sent to see if such stories were true.
I am not broken, he replied defiantly.
So I noticed.
Who sent you?
Dear boy, if I give you all my secrets, it would leave me more vulnerable than you. She leaned forward and snatched his hand. She looked at the copper wristlet, turning his hand over in hers, not making contact with the metal. Her face was sad when she handed it back moments later. I am not the only one. I have three companions. We will begin by dominating your evenings. I have one girl buried in the library here looking for anything on Castrofax, and the other two are scouting the other Arconians to see who should berestrained. You should prepare yourself should one slip through our grasp. There are a few among them who would give both their hands to bear a Class Tens child, and they will use any measure of force to get it.
I can fight them off, he said and stared into the flames.
Not without your Elements, she said and touched a hand to his knee. Arconians always made physical contact in conversations. It was so rare for Anatolians to touch, and he almost pushed her hand away before remembering their culture. Should we fail, you need to accept they will come for you.
Ill hide, he muttered before remembering he never hid from anything. Or drug them.
She nodded. Is it true what they say about the stars falling? Ive heard you called everything from Star Breaker to Bringer of Stars.
He met her eyes. That much is true, though it was only beads of light in the pattern of the heavens, not actual stars.
She patted his knee. Your trick is safe with me.
So, Mikelle, what is your plan?
I am going to sleep on one half of the bed, you the other. Should anyone disrupt us in the night, as I could see the Prince doing, it will not look suspicious. When I wake in the morning, Ill limp a little and speak such marvels of the evening to Nolen, but I will whisper to the girls that you are cruel and dark hearted, and no one should have to endure what I had.
He considered this for a moment. It was easy to ruin the gentle reputation he had. Why did Nolen send for you Arconians?
He and his companion suspected you were still pure.
Gabriel clenched his jaw. He wants to take everything from me. Waitwho was he with?
A shorter man who spoke strangely. Called himself the Warden of Gray.
Gabriel frowned. When did this all happen? How did you get here?
The Warden transported us here in a minutes using some strange black pattern. He told us to close our eyes, but I opened mine halfway, and the world was nothing but black and white.
A black pattern? I think Void uses black patterns. He stood suddenly. Ryker. I knew it. It explains how you arrived here.
Does it?
Ryker knows patterns we lost to the Ages. Why should one of them not be a traveling pattern?
She grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him back. His sturdy stance pulled herself out of her seat, and she unwittingly unhinged his clothing. Deal with it in the morning. Youve got a woman to bed.
He gestured to the four-postered piece. Bed. Shall I tuck you in, or can you manage?
I would like a good night kiss and to watch you undress.
He gave her a glare and marched off to his washroom.
Oh come now! she exclaimed. Legends are based on facts.
He sighed and groomed himself for the evening, leaving the washroom wearing only a loose pair of sleeping trousers. He heard the woman give a deep sigh and felt her eyes on him as he rounded the bed. I will have good stories, she said just above a whisper.
Dont touch me, he warned and picked up a book. I lash back. He lay back in the pillows. Im not kissing you goodnight.
Facts. Legends are based on them. Mikelle leaned in, and Gabriel put a palm on her forehead pushing her away. She chuckled. You and I are going to be fast friends, I can tell.

Chapter 25
May I at least have the permission to remind you this is folly? General Calsifer asked, watching Robyn tack her horse. She was useless at it and the mare sidestepped just in time to avoid the saddle. You, Tim, please saddle the ladys horse.
You do not have permission, Robyn replied. Though it seems youve taken it.
For two weeks he had been trying to persuade her to stay at the manor until her birth anniversary, but the Princess was stubborn to her toes and refused to listen. He reminded her that the plan may not work. Gabriel could already be broken, and she could be wounded or captured in the process.
It had taken weeks to gather the necessary men for the job, and Talon had arrived the night before with the last two. There were twelve men in total, strong fighters with various skills in camouflage, healing, picking locks, escape, and evasion. Calsifer was their commander, and while only a few of them actually served for a military, they would suffice.
He paid close attention to two brothers from Shalaban. They were skilled in hand-to-hand combat, but Calsifer did not notice them for their talent. Shalaban had been landing ships on Anatolian shores for years, smuggling families into the forests with promise of a better life. The Empire was ruled by a dynasty lasting well over 300 years. It had been driving the poor into deeper poverty and praised the rich for no other reason than being wealthy.
Shalaban had already taken over the Myron Islands, and set up colonies in the Cinibarian coast. They were beginning to do the same on Anatolys shores. Queen Challis of Cinibar waged battles with them annually to drive them back, but after a decade-long war, she was bleeding men and resources. The shore towns were infested with the dark-haired, red-skinned people, and Queen Miranda saw no issue with them. Calsifer was not sure how Robyn felt, and she kept a mask of indifference when introduced to them. He would see them all driven into the ocean if it was his last act as General.
The groom had Robyns horse saddled and bridled in moments as Robyn frowned at the animal. Talon walked by leading a white charger. Your horse is ready, he smirked at the General as his stallion brayed and kicked the door.
He senses excitement, Calsifer muttered and went to Araybiatt. The stallion pricked his ears when he saw the General. Do you not saddle yourself by now? he asked as he let himself in and patted the stallions side. By the time Araybiatt was saddled and led from his stall, Robyn still sorted out the reins on her mare.
Could we not bypass Anatoly City and continue to Castle Jaden? Calsifer asked one last time.
We will go there after we have Gabriel, she replied and pulled her horse into the aisle. There would be no winning her over, Calsifer knew, but he made sure he did all he could to persuade her otherwise.
She marched out of the stables into the courtyard with a sure stride to meet the rest. Of all the warriors Talon found, there was only one woman, a contortionist. Andolyn seemed to know her well, as both women talked in hushed tones over their horses.
Calsifer gave Robyn a leg up before mounting Araybiatt. The destrier wheeled to face the group with only a touch to his ribs. Anatoly City is a four day ride if we keep a good pace, and once we arrive, we will be staying at the Bramble Rose Inn. He gathered his reins. I keep a low tolerance for disobedience and disrespect, and I have crippled and killed many men for mistreatment of women, so believe me when I say the three women on this journey will come to no harm. I will take no pause to use this, he touched a hand to his sword hilt. Do we have an accord?
The men nodded. Calsifer knew the bloodlust that came with a battle and knew many men who had taken women of conquered cities. Under his control, his armies knew women were not part of plunder, and while he believed Talon meant well, Calsifer did not know these men. With a satisfied nod, he spurred Araybiatt, and the stallion lifted his hooves and arched his neck proudly.
Calsifer still thought this journey was folly, but he would be damned if he did not serve the future Queen of Anatoly. It may have been loves folly, but love was delicate, worth fighting for, and easily lost.

Mikelle was already awake when Gabriel rose, brushing her hair in the washroom until it shone. Arconians dipped the ends of their locks in sweet smelling oils, and the room filled with the scent of oranges.
You toss in your sleep, she said to his reflection in the large mirror. She wore a deep blue satin gown with cutouts around her shoulders. A cord made of solid sliver braiding sat around her waist, and a matching piece hung around one wrist. Gabriel could not imagine why anyone would want to wear jewelry around necks or wrists, and the idea made him shiver. The cold around his own limbs reminded him of his ever-present situation. Did I make you uncomfortable? She smiled coyly.
The bed was big enough to easily fit three people, and at no point had Gabriel made contact with her. He forgot she was there until he woke. Yep. He said in the mirror, two hands rumpling his hair. The Castrofax were more pronounced against his bare skin. Mikelle stopped brushing her hair and cast a sympathetic eye on him.
Be free to change. I wont look.
Its feel free, he corrected. And I dont trust you.
She twirled half her hair up in a swirl of orange perfume and pinned it back. You should. I am very trustworthy. I will keep all your secrets. She turned to leave and planted the flat of her palm on his backside.
He was halfway finished dressing in snug brown trousers and a cream shirt that laced up the chest and wrists when a knock rapped the main door. Gabriel gritted his teeth and tucked in his shirt before opening the door.
A young man in a soldiers uniform straightened. His Grace, Mage Prince Nolen requests your immediate presence in the Willow Wine Salon.
His Grace? Gabriel screwed up his lips. Wherever is that?
The soldier regarded him with an indignant look. Two floors down, facing the internal courtyard. He straightened. I will wait.
Gabriel opened the door a little revealing Mikelle who sat by the window. She waggled her fingers at him. Im entertaining.
The soldier surprisingly gave him a smirk and winked. Ill cover for ya then, but the Prince dont like to wait.
Gabriel scrabbled for a double-edged sentence. Ill finish up here.
The solider chuckled as he left. In the anteroom Gabriel could hear the sounds of breakfast being set out like it were every morning, and peeking his head out, he saw two servants quietly working. Nows the perfect time, he said and snatched a dark blue coat trimmed in brown suede. He fumbled with the diamond-shaped ebony buttons as Mikelle gathered a night bag and straightened the back of her hair.
Gabriel took her by the elbow and pulled her into the anteroom. To his dismay, it was now occupied. His father and Aisling sat on the couches around the short table in the center of the room. Cordis put up a brow. You dog, he said in an amused tone. Aisling laid her eyes on Mikelle, and she stood quickly, knocking her plate to the floor. She fixed her eyes on Gabriel with such venom he could feel himself wither.
He led Mikelle to the main doors and opened one for her. I will be in touch, she told him quietly in Arconian and swept out without a word.
The door clicked in a hollow tone, and the room fell silent. He swallowed and turned to explain, but Aisling strode forward, devouring the space between them in seconds. He did not realize she slapped him until the sound echoed in his ears. Her hand left a painful red print on his cheek.
For a moment he was back in the dungeons. Dont hit me, he snapped.
You dare, she hissed and pointed a finger in his face. How are you going to explain this to Robyn?
Very easily, he replied and put a hand on his face.
Do not get smart with me, she snapped. You know it is only proper for a Queen to marry a chaste man. She would refuse you, if she found out.
He put his hands up. What does it matter to you? I didnt
She cut in. I have to look out for the good of the kingdom and for your
I didnt lie with her! Gabriel interrupted. I never touched her. Shes not here forfor that.
She is just breaking down your wall of comfort before she takes you.
II, he sputtered and shook his hands, his temper breaking through. Its my decision! No woman will take me! Please, Aisling, he dropped his hands and straightened to his full height, suddenly standing a head above her. Dont.
She fixed him with a hot stare before thinning her lips. Be careful the deals you make with Nolen. The Arconian vow is something you cannot break.
Wait a minute, Cordis muttered behind them, a buttered roll in his hand. He looked up as realization came to his eyes. Gabriel met them and pinched his lips.
He looked back down at Aisling as his hand found the door latch. Ive already made it, he said quietly. Shouldering the door open, he left the woman standing there with a bewildered expression.
He marched through the palace with a scowl and his fists clenched. The pages stayed out of his way, and no one spoke to him. His temper abated the further he walked, and his fists loosened, but his outburst had surprised him. He was never one to snap loose and vent his emotions, but something pushed him too far.
The Castrofax are not removable, and I am forever a slave to Nolens lust for power. Maybe its time to fully accept it. Move forward. I would have to leave Robyn behind. She would never take the hand of a man in a Castrofax; it would show weakness if her husband could not protect her. Perhaps I could find some happiness in the arms of another woman.
He found the Willow Wine Salon and walked in to a small sitting room decorated lavishly to look like a forest. Nolen stood with a petite blonde woman, her long hair tied back in a tail. His heart gave a leap, for the girl looked like Robyn, but she turned when he entered and she was indeed not his love.
Did you enjoy the firebrand? Nolen asked. Gabriel remembered to drop his eyes at the last moment.
In a sense.
Spare me the details, Nolen cut in and raised a hand. He looked down at the woman beside him. She dressed in a pale blue satin gown, bundled in a white fox fur shawl, pinned back with a Mage brooch of black metal and a fat pearl. It marked her a Class Six Air Mage. This is Lace Inisfree of Arconia. She is going to be spending the day with us, and the night with you.
Gabriel met her pale greenish eyes and forced himself to smile. She could be the woman. She looks enough like Robyn, he thought before dismissing the idea. She had a heart-shaped face, a small chin and straight nose that turned up a little at the end. Like all the Arconians, she was slender and graceful as she walked up to him, smiling broadly. She had a pretty smile and straight teeth behind little pink lips.
She took one of his hands up in both of hers and clenched it as she beamed up at him. She was shorter than Robyn by several inches. It is my great pleasure to meet you, she said in Arconian. She spoke as though her mouth was too small for her words, making her all the more adorable. The palace is aflutter with stories of you, I can hardly decide which is true and which is concoction. She giggled a little and bit her bottom lip. Her eyes wandered from his face and ran down his coat. Mikelle no doubt has many a great story. Oh I bet she does. She and I arevery close friends.
Gabriels shoulders unknotted as a true smile came to his face. It is a pleasure to meet you as well.
Enough, Nolen muttered and grabbed black fabric off the back of a chair. He tossed it at Gabriel. Put it on.
Gabriel caught the large piece of fabric and expected it to be some humiliating instrument, but it was a Mage cloak. Castle Jaden issued a Mage their own cloak after a Classing, but Gabriel had left his hidden in Urima Manor. He looked to the insignias stitched over the right breast and found them to be accurate; the star of the Spirit, the double-hooks of Fire, the twisted leaves of Earth, and the single-edged blue ring of Water. Once, he would have been thankful to hold such a cloak, but now it was only a sad reminder.
He slung it around his shoulder and buckled the two silver clasps. Hood up, Nolen snapped, and Gabriel pulled the black hood over his head. Lace took a moment to adjust the hood and smooth the fabric over his chest with a little smile bubbling over into a giggle.
Let us be going, Nolen cut in and stood beside them. He ripped Fire from Gabriels chest and clumsily laid a pattern, leaving Gabriel dazed for a moment as the energy left him. Lace laid the same pattern in a far more fluid fashion, and he realized it was the sidestep-pattern. A sidestep was a pattern as old as the first Mages, designed to move the space between places. It required all five Elements wielded by a Class Six or higher. Anyone weaker could not move correctly, and the folly could kill or maim. It was rarely used nowadays because there were so few Class Sixes. It was the fastest way to get from one spot to another without moving.
Where are we going? Gabriel asked. Nolen raised his hand, and Gabriel flinched, but Lace lashed her hand up and grabbed Nolens wrist.
Focus, she said. Straighten that line and loop this circle more southward. She spoke with a little accent, and as her fingers pointed, gems on every digit sparkled. A net of pearls capped the top of her head, and a necklace studded with sapphires graced her slender neck. She was both educated and rich, and she must have known someone in power to be in the Arconian group. Dangerous, Gabriel decided.
Nolens eyes darkened at the girl half his size. When he was done with Fire, he drew Earth, yanking it from Gabriels chest sharply that left his head spinning. Elements could not be drawn too quickly or too deeply, for it would unbalance the mind and body, leaving some dazed and others unconscious. After almost five years as a Classed Mage, Gabriel never had problems with drawing, but Nolen was unfamiliar with the strength of a Class Ten.
Gently, she whispered as Nolen drew. She took up Gabriels hand and Nolens forearm. You lead.
Nolen took the remaining four patterns and pushed them together in a column around Laces. The pattern fueled, and Gabriel felt lightheaded. The surroundings slowly changed as though a fog blew through and brought with it new sights. The salon faded into a dark tan background, and sharpened into a wall with blue sky above it. Faintly, they heard someone give a shriek, and it grew louder as the new world thickened and Kilkiny Palace faded. Someone ran passed them, dressed in odd garb, and several others backed away.
Structures sharpened, and Gabriel saw a magnificent building in the foreground made of dark tan stone, stacked high in a spiraling fashion. Similar spiraling pyramids came to view in the background, and painted a variety of colors. Gabriel knew each pyramid was a house, and as he looked about, he saw more ranging in height and angle. They were in Cinibars capital city Viorica.
Sounds of horses trotting and people shouting reached his ears as the last of the salon vanished. Nolen and Lace cut the patterns and looked about. Someone shouted at them in a sluggish, full-tongued Cinibarian accent and pulled his middle and index fingers across his forehead in a crude gesture.
A man on a simple garron trotted up wearing the dark-and-light blue uniform of Cinibarian soldiers; a sturdy tunic banded with a black sash. His rank was sewn down the chest in white. Gabriel did not know what the crescent-shaped markings ranked him, but the man was older and carried himself with a distinguished presence.
You, the soldier declared and saw the Mage markings on Gabriels coat. The man smoothed and looked at Nolen. His face fell slack for a moment. Gabriel had not noticed the silver coronet on Nolens head before. The soldier dismounted swiftly and bowed. You gave us a right fright, my Prince, appearing out of naught. What business do you have with us today?
As Nolen gave orders to the soldier, Gabriel looked around. It was evident he was in a courtyard, and he judged the largest red stone structure to be Telmon Palace, but he had only seen sketches of it before.
He felt a tug on his cloak and realized they were moving. The Prince and soldier spoke to themselves, so Lace reached up under Gabriels cloak and found his elbow. How do you know Mikelle? he asked after a while.
We attended the Mage Academy together, she answered in Arconian. We have been friends since before our Classing.
You test for your Class earlier than we, dont you?
We test at seventeen. The Headmaster of the Academy decides at the end of our schooling, along with his Quorum of Seven. The Headmaster acted much the same as the Head Mage but had less power, answering instead to the King. The Head Mage answered to no one but his Council.
Does your Head Mage not know about these? she asked and touched a nail to his wristlet. He found it interesting that no Mage would touch them with their skin.
He knows.
You have an excellent grasp of our language. Have you been to Arconia?
Not yet. I studied Arconian when I was younger, and my instructor refused to speak anything but his tongue.
We are required to learn your tongue early. Nearly everyone speaks it if they come from a highborn family.
I am woefully unpracticed, he answered in his mother tongue, and she tittered.
You will learn it well enough by the time we leave.
When will that be?
She patted his arm. As long as it takes.
Robyn will be twenty in a few weeks. I just have to hold out until then. Then well see if she will let the Arconian Queen leave with her skin attached.
The air was warmer than in Anatoly City, and Gabriel could feel beads of sweat forming on his brow under the hood. They walked through the main doors standing wide open. The Queen was holding court this morning.
The halls inside were a warm cream with deep blue marble tiles paralleled either side by little brown tiles. Cinibars wealth came the best fabric dyes, oils, wine, fine leathers, and tropical fruits; however, she was best known for her production of strong blades. Cinibar had a dozen mines that produced fine metals and had hundreds of master smiths. Gabriel remembered General Calsifer had a Cinibarian blade, wrought with the decorative handle of a master smith. While each kingdom produced their own weapons, a Cinibarian blade would hold out far longer than any other, and it would not need to be sharpened as often.
Cinibarians had dusky skin and darker eyes with brown or dark red hair. They were of average height and build, and most bore the signature bold nose of their race. Their bloodlines had come from Shalaban many Ages before. Years of generations had bred out the droopy eyes, wide mouths, and faint mustaches both Shalabane men and women bore.
Cinibarians were also known for their bold women, and their willingness to bed whom they pleased. As he passed women in the hall, those who caught his eye gave him a hot look. A few made passes at Nolen, and he responded back with a playful word or well-placed pat. A passing solider smiled at Lace, and she pulled Gabriels arm closer giving him a sharp glare.
The doors to the throne room were open, and people milled about waiting to speak with the Queen. The room was smaller than Kilkinys and less decorated, but regal nonetheless with tall overarching supports and blue tiles creeping up the walls. The Moon Throne sat on a long dais on the far wall. The chair was made of a single block of white wood carved into a full moon with a crescent inlaid of gold highlighting the Queen sitting in the center. A thousand lit candles stood behind her on the walls like twinkling stars, and above the chair hung the yellow banner with two black gloves holding the sword of her house, DuBray.
Mage Queen Challis wore a beautiful blue gown with a tight bodice revealing the shoulders. Atop her head was the Moon Crown; a burnished silver coronet with a center piece set to look like a crescent moon on its side, surrounded by twinkling diamonds to mimic stars. She had not aged since Gabriel last saw her almost five years ago. Her long brown hair was done up and curled into one coil hanging down her left shoulder. It was the same style he first saw her with.
To her right sat a man in green, writing on a tablet; and to her left sat a pretty young woman in pink who looked bored as she played with the folds of her dress. Their entrance stopped her fidgeting. Nolen marched up the center of the aisle, pushing peasants out of his way and raising several protests. Queen Challis looked at the commotion and straightened in her throne. Pinching her lips, she held a hand up to the man standing before her to silence him.
You have some nerve, Mage Prince Nolen, the Queen said reproachfully.
Nolen put a hand on Gabriels shoulder in what Gabriel thought was almost a friendly gesture, until he pushed all his weight down and forced Gabriel to a knee.
You have information I want, Nolen replied sternly. Where is my sister?
Challis put a brow up. What makes you think I know?
You will tell me, Nolen barked.
You have manners to learn, Prince. Challis snapped and stood. Guards immediately flooded from the wings with raised halberds and unsheathed swords, but she put a hand up to stop them.
Nolen tightened his fingers on Gabriels hood and pulled it back with a fistful of hair. Challis looked at him for a moment before the recognition passed over her eyes. Mage Gabriel? Her eyes flew to his neck and wrists and returned to his face. No, she whispered and clenched her fists into her divided skirts. I thought the note from the Head Mage to be a forgery, for no man would knowingly put another in a Castrofax. Her eyes snapped to Nolens. You dare set foot in my city! Are you here to threaten me? she yelled. You know our kingdoms have long-standing alliances.
Your Grace, you need us more than we need you, Nolen replied haughtily. Now, my sisters location and we will leave.
You will leave, Prince Nolen. She looked at Gabriel. I had hoped your father would marry you to my eldest daughter, Celise, or one of my other two daughters, she gestured to the young woman in pink who watched the show with interest. She had lovely eyes like her mothers with a nose not so bold as most Cinibarians. I am sorry, Mage Gabriel, I cannot have your power here uncorked. You must leave.
Gabriel lowered his eyes. She could not help him, and a little hope ebbed from him.
Councilwoman Selene, you, and my mother are the only people who know Kindles location. Nolen stated. I know this because Selene voiced it.
Have her tell you.
She cannot. She is dead. Challis stiffened. Arch Mage Ryker Slade killed her, Nolen said, and Challis threw up a palm.
Do not speak his name here.
It is no secret. Your people should know of this. He turned to the people around him who had moved well away. The great Arch Mage who started the Mage Wars has awoken and escaped Castle Jaden.
You taint this room with your very breath, Challis snapped. I will not have a servant of Ryker Slade here.
The guards moved into action without an order, rushing forward with brandished swords and spears. Gabriel felt the power leech out of him as Nolen laid a pattern and threw it out. The soldiers buckled and screamed as their knees shot out.
Go ask your mother where your sister is! Challis yelled as people ran from the room.
I would rather not kill her or destroy her palace in the process. Nolen replied and drew deeply from Gabriels stamina. As a pattern fueled, Gabriel felt the tiniest weakening of the energy in the room. Someone died. Challis screamed at him to stop as, one by one, pinch-patterns and light shards shot through the pushing crowd. Nolen had learned the patterns quickly, and though they were sloppily laid, they were correct. Ryker must have instructed him. When the people were gone, half a dozen laid dead on the floor.
Drawing Earth, he tore at the ceiling. Chunks of stone and plaster fell upon the royal throne. Lace threw up a shield protecting them and the Queen. The side of the room gave a tremendous crack and split down the center while fresh soldiers rushed in. Nolen struck them down one by one.
Do something, Challis mouthed to Gabriel, but he held up a defenseless hand, still crouched on his knee. Soldiers fell all around the room, some with shards of mortar and wood imbedded in their torsos, others bleeding from the eyes and nose. As Nolen raged, Gabriel feltstretched, as though he had been drawn too far and could not bounce back to his former flexibility. Lights danced before his eyes, and his vision blurred.
The man in green grabbed Princess Celise and rushed her out, but Nolen threw an Air pattern in their path. Celise screamed in a high pitch as stone dropped around her.
Protect her! Gabriel shouted to Lace and pointed. The Arconian laid another shield above the Princess. Gabriel felt the sharp kick of Nolens boot slam up into his calf, and in the Princes rage, he hurled a sparkling Spirit pattern at the Princess.
Challis threw up a hand with a Water ice-pattern on her forearm, but the shard passed through it with a sizzle. The Princess crumbled to the ground with a scream.
Kindle is in the Nevis Range! Challis shrieked. Light filtered through the ceiling. Just leave! The Queen rushed around the Moon Throne and fell by her daughter; the girl shook and bled from her face.
Gabriel struggled to rise, out of breath. Nolens patterns had taken more out of him than he expected. Lace put a hand under his arm and helped haul him up. Nolen ceased his tirade, and all that filled the room was the sound of moaning, crumbling stone, and the unintelligible weeping words of Celise.
Nolen mounted the dais. Gabriel followed close behind with Lace supporting him.
Where? Nolen snapped.
Challis looked up from her bleeding daughter, holding two hands on her face. The skin was ripped up the cheeks and bled profusely, as all face wounds did. The girl fell silent as shock set in. A manor just outside the town of Veir. Please do something for her.
Have you no Spirit Mage in the city? Nolen chuckled. Why was Kindle sent away?
Even I do not know that. Challis replied tersely. No man but the Head Mage himself knows. The beam of sun caught the dust falling from the ceiling behind her, and to her far right one of the spilled candles caught the plaster and fallen wood. Prince Nolen, please mend my daughter.
Kindle knows where the Silex is, Councilwoman Selene knew that much, Nolen chuckled. And Ryker Slade wants it.
Her face fell as she realized what she had done. You star crossed fool, Challis hissed. You have damned yourself and this poor Mage by allying with a monster.
Gabriel stepped close enough to see the damage done to the girl. She was ripped from lip to eyebrow on both sides, and he could see the bone of her cheek sticking out from the skin from under Challis hand. Her eyes were closed, and her hands shook as shock took its effect. She had such a pretty face before Nolen ruined it.
Do you have no Spirit Mage here? Gabriel asked quietly. Nolen clocked him across the scalp with the control piece. The metal bit into his flesh but did not break it.
Mages have been fleeing to Jaden with the rumors, Challis replied. There were tears in her eyes and voice. Please just go.
Gladly, Nolen snapped and drew the Elements from Gabriels chest. Lace stood looking on at the girl, her face full of sympathy and regret. Slowly, she laid the Air sidestep-pattern.
Nolens draw on Gabriels Elements was not as vicious as it had been, but Gabriel feigned weakness and fell to a knee. Gabriel waited until the moment before the patterns were fueled.
Gabriel drew Spirit from his chest with difficulty, laid a powerful healing pattern that would mend from bone to skin, and touched a hand to Celises ankle. Queen Challis snapped her head up as Gabriel fueled the pattern, and her mouth fell open in surprise. It took half a second for the pattern to race up Celises leg and into her face. In the span of a breath, the girls face mended, layer by delicate layer.
Gabriels calf suddenly gave with a sharp crack where Nolen had kicked it before, and his scalp gashed open, spilling hot blood down the side of his face and neck. The sidestep-pattern was already fueled, and as Nolen realized what happened, he struck Gabriel again across his head. Gabriels mouth was open as the scream tried to find a way through his clenched vocal chords. He dug his nails into the marble of the floor, feeling carpets form under his hands.
Challis was becoming translucent as his eyes opened. She reached her hand out to touch as tears streamed down her cheeks, but he was no longer solidly in Viorica, and her hand slipped through. Thank you, she wept, but he could not hear her voice. He had held her gaze until Nolen hit him again. When he opened his eyes, Challis and the throne room were gone, replaced with the carpets and decorated walls of the Willow Wine Salon.
Youyou! Nolen kicked him sharply in his thigh. The jar to his calf, which was certainly broken, brought a sharp cry to his lips. Find a Spirit Mage to heal you, then spend the rest of the day in the kitchens! He grasped a handful of Gabriels hair slick with blood and brought his face to his eyes. You did not lie with that Arconian last night, did you?
I did, Gabriel whispered, pain taking the conviction from his voice.
Then she was too kind to you. I will be sending someone else tonight who will not be. He released his hold and stormed out.
Lace put a hand on his shoulder. Let me fetch our Spirit Mage. She rushed from the room and Gabriel put a hand on his head to feel the wound that wept down his neck. He eased himself to his side and hunched over with his hands on his head until footsteps sounded nearby.
A hand pulled his fingers off the wound and parted his hair. It is long, the woman said in a wary tone. She took a knee beside him, and he saw a green dress over round hips and windblown red hair falling behind her. Putting both hands on his head, she fueled a healing pattern, and he felt the skin stitch back together. He dropped his hands to his lap, caked with dried blood.
The woman came into his vision as she scooted closer to his leg. Her face was fair, with curly red hair pulled back in a bushy tail. She gave him a sympathetic smile with plump lips and set her long, slender fingers on his leg, lacing a probe-pattern to feel for the break.
Lace appeared on his right. This is Bianji, one of ours.
Hello, Star Breaker, Bianji said, her gaze on his left leg as she repositioned her hands over the break. Only one bone is broken. She met his eyes with her pale green ones. Ready? Or would you like something to hold?
Just do it, he replied and grit his jaw. Bianji wasted no time and pushed the two broken halves together. He gasped and let out an exasperated breath as his hands balled into fists. She made short work sealing the break and lifting the bruise.
You may feel that in the morning. I was never good with broken bones. She gracefully sat down beside him and brushed her hands of the drying blood. We are going to have to learn who Nolen is sending tonight, she said to Lace in Arconian. There are a few out for his skin, though I can see why. Had I not vowed to Mikelle I would not touch him, I would probably jump
Lace threw a hand up. He speaks Arconian!
Gabriel popped his head up and glared at her.
Bianjis face tightened. Jumpjump innever mind.
Youve been spending too much time with Mikelle, Lace waggled a finger.
Bianji huffed and held her hands out. She has an addictive personality. When she talks, people listen, and she has been talking about muscles.
Despite himself, Gabriel blushed. Sighing, he pushed himself to his feet. His body was weary and the blood rushed from his brain. He still felt stretched after Nolen used his Elements and had not bounced back to his usual strength.
Thank you, ladies, but I must retire. He paid them each a gradual bow, feeling the blood leave his head with each nod. They returned his gesture, and with a forced smile, he steadily left them.

Chapter 26
Balien waited until the girl delivering his mid-day meal left before taking a hit. A new shipment of fresh and dried poppy had arrived that morning, and he was eager to try the new batch. While poppy could be grown in most climates, the best came from Shalaban. Swallowed, the effects of pain relief came on after about half an hour and did not leave him with hallucinations. Those only came from inhaling the fumes, and he did not have time at the moment to try that.
He had no pain to speak of. The poppy made him invincible and mellow, and it made him laugh when he was injured. It was always easier to deal with the politics of the palace when he had internal armor.
He mixed various remedies as the poppy took him over. It was likely most people knew his hobby of naturopathy and thought it a silly thing, but those who knew the validity behind his work respected him. While he began years ago to help the servants in the kitchens who burned themselves, his craft developed to include open sores, joint issues, colds, migraines, anxiety, depression, assorted pains, and even indigestion. Every so often the friend of a friend would ask for something truly bizarre, but with years of reading and practicing to support him, he usually had a remedy.
Using a mortar and pestle he grinded red pepper into the mix; a salve for pain. Halfway through the monotonous job, he remembered the meal left cooling in his adjacent room. He downed it and went back to his grinding.
The servant found him draped over his chair, mixing the pepper into cream. He raised his eyes when the young boy did not take his tray of food and leave.
Diddid you have the new mixture, mlord? the young man asked with his hands clenched together. He slowly shifted from one foot to the other.
Balien nearly forgot Nolens batch of calla lily was running low. I have some. He jumped from his seat and rifled through his study. The boy continued to shift from one heel to the other.
What are you so excited about? Balien asked as he dug deeper into a bag.
The boy grinned a gap-toothed smile. The Star Breaker is in the kitchens.
Balien raised his brows. Mage Gabriel? The boy nodded. Why?
Mage Prince Nolen sent him down for castration. He did something wrong.
I think you mean castigation, Balien corrected, and the boy nodded fervently. What is he doing down there?
Hes Mistress Maryas new pet. He snatched the vial from the Princes hand, took the tray up against his chest, and rushed from the rooms in a gangly fashion.
Balien gave the boy a few minute head-start before making his own way to the kitchens. The main kitchens were in the east wing, taking up the entire lower floor and much of the basement. It took hundreds of people to run the monstrous undertaking, and one woman ran them all. Mistress Marya was old enough to be Baliens mother though she was not as pretty as Queen Rincarel had been. She was a pleasantly plump woman full of smiles and was free to use whatever cooking utensil she carried as a swatter. She had mousy brown hair but took care to sleep in curling rags every night to give her short, thin hair fullness, and it framed the milky skin of her face nicely. Today she wielded a slotted spoon, wearing an apron spotted with red sauce over a stout cotton dress of brown.
He heard her laugh before he saw her. Her boisterous voice roared over clamoring of pots and pans. He spotted her easily through the crowd of cooks. She was tall for a woman and built stoutly to carry her weight. Her cheeks were red from laughing, and Balien saw Gabriel standing beside her with an abashed look, her hand on his bottom. She saw Balien and turned her attention to him instead.
My Prince, sir, she chuckled. What a handsome bunch of gents I have down here today, unlike this sordid rabble.
Gabriels hair was wet, and the side of his face and neck had been scrubbed red, but Balien saw the edge of his shirt stained brown with dried blood.
What is he doing down here? Balien hissed quietly.
Why, hes brightening my eyes, he is. Knows a thing or two about cooking, he does.
Marya, he should not be down here. This is no place for a Class Ten.
Havent you heard? Gabriel said wearily and folded his arms. Nolen seems to think he took my Class along with my power.
Rubbish, Balien snapped. Marya, I am taking him from here.
Oh please dont think you have control over me, too, Gabriel said tersely.
II would never. I just thought you would like
I destroyed the Moon Throne room today and killed about two dozen men and women, Gabriel cut in. Nothing would please me more than to be as far from Nolen as possible. He gave a sudden gasp and his knee buckled. He flung out an arm and caught himself on the edge of a table, sending a bowl crashing to the ground, tossing beans into the air.
What was that? Marya asked urgently and grabbed his arm as the beans skittered across the floor.
Gabriel put a hand on his chest. Nolen. What would you have me do now, Mistress of the Kitchens?
She gave a barking laugh. Why, stand there and look pretty for me.
Are you sure you do not wish to take refuge in my rooms? Balien asked again.
No, Gabriel said with a telling look. His face was calm but his eyes were dark, his lips tight. Balien had never seen the look on his friend, but he had seen something similar in the eyes of the despairing.
Pardon us for a moment, Balien said to Marya, hauling Gabriel by the arm into a quieter side room where they kept root vegetables. Gabriel surprisingly did not fight back. Brother, what is happening?
Gabriel looked away for a moment. I found my father.
Baliens heart leaped. Cordis had been the father figure he lost when his own father died in battle. He was devastated when the Mage vanished. The rumors are true. Where?
Gabriel met his eyes. Here, in the dungeons. All this time.
How did you find him?
Nolen had him.
Balien grabbed his own hair and turned away, stomping a circle. All this time, he grunted and flung his arms down. Then what ails you?
Gabriel leaned back on a basket of potatoes. He looked pale in the faint light of the storeroom. I made a vow I am not prepared to go through with.
Balien frowned. What did Nolen ask of you?
Gabriel took his time in answering, giving Balien fears for the worst. My chastity.
There are worse things, Balien offered. Gabriel gave him a look that said his statement was not helpful. How bad can it be? Those beautiful women are willing to come to your bed. As much as you have suffered with your binds, this probably is the least painful. Were I in your situation.
Gabriel narrowed his gaze. You dog. When did you lose it?
Balien winked. Ah, you were not supposed to guess that. Gabriel kicked him in the shin and smirked like he used to do when they were younger. A year or so back to a fair lady of the north. Her hair was like spun peaches and skin like cream.
Gabriel smirked a little and nodded. There are worse things.
I sound callous, I know, and we Anatolians stay chaste until the marriage bed. But that is because we would lie with every woman in sight after our first taste.
Gabriel remained silent, but Balien knew there was more to say. Im bastard born, you know this, so what would I have to offer your sister if I came to her sullied?
Oh, Balien replied in one long breath. I see now. He didnt entirely. I did not realize you two were so close.
We were getting there before Nolen pulled us apart.
Balien smiled in spite of the dark mood. My own foster-brother as a by-law brother! That would be grand. I would have someone proper to hunt with at last, and someone to keep Nolen in line.
Gabriel gave a weak smile. Not with these, he said and shook a wrist. I dont know if she would have me if I could not protect her.
So there is the real root of your insecurities, Balien thought. Only if she is stupid. Is she stupid?
Gabriel gave a little shake of his head.
Then you will have no problems. And, if she loves you, she will accept you sullied or not.
I need you to concoct me some tinctures. Something to make the Arconians fall asleep.
I can do better than that. I can find you some herbs that will lower your testosterone and help with impotence. You will have to buy me a day or two. Most herb shops do not carry such things, but start drinking spearmint by the barrel.
Nolen is sending someone tonight.
Balien mentally searched his inventory. I will make up a sleeping tincture, and I will send you up some strong corn liquor. Inebriation will prevent intercourse if you get drunk enough.
Thats something I dont mind doing, Gabriel said in a truthful tone.
I will do all I can, Balien vowed, searching his mind for solutions. There were many outlets provided by herbs, but there were always other solutions. He swallowed. I will get started.

Nolen slipped the copper control piece over his digits and felt a sudden rush of power flow through him. It was as intoxicating as a beautiful woman but more pleasurable.
It angered him to no end. Without the control piece he felt worthless, his power so far from comparable, and he found himself wearing it at all hours just to feel the throb of energies. The further he walked from the Mage, the lesser the power felt. He hated the Mage for his power, but being close to him was as intoxicating as the power itself.
The new power would make his ascension to the throne easy. He had been practicing the patterns from the book Ryker gave him. If the Mages power could kill most of my Air Guard in less than an hour, imagine what I could do in a lifetime.
Maps were spread out on his drawing table, the edges tacked down with candlesticks. The town of Veir was so small that most maps left it off, but he found a newer map with the little hamlet. It would be a several day journey by horse unless he convinced the Air Arconian to accompany them. After that morning, however, he doubted she would comply willingly. No matter. He had Class Ten power, and she had but Six.
As he studied the maps for any indication of the reported manor, he heard a faint bootfall to his right. He looked up, and Ryker Slade stood by the warm hearth, dressed in a long dark gray coat, and his trousers stuffed into his boots. The sudden appearances of the man were growing less frightening, but he still made Nolens heart catch in his throat.
You honor me with your presence, Nolen said and stood. I have made progress.
Rykers face was dark against the red light of the fire. As have I. Y first.
My sister is in a manor outside this little town, Nolen reported and pointed to the map. She will tell me where I can find your Silex once I free her.
Ryker clicked his cheek and nodded thoughtfully. I should like t take y back to mine manor, as y have earned the right. If y succeed, my home will be yours t share, so y best come see what y are missing.
Victory swelled in Nolens chest. I would go.
Ryker put his hand on Nolens shoulder. His eyes and hair turned white as his free hand spun the black pattern together. They shot into the black and white world and traveled for a few minutes before stopping in a manor.
The great room was bright, illuminated by four massive windows that looked out onto snowcapped mountains. Two hearths stood on either end of the room, surrounded by chairs and couches, and in the center was a long table where a decanter of wine sat on a silver tray. The dark wood of the floor was rich and polished to a shine, and the walls adorned with fortune in tapestries and paintings. Narrow tables sat along the walls with relics atop them: weapons, vases, models, a stuffed bird, books, and pieces of finery. The room smelled old, like a well-loved library, and the architecture was far different than the Fourth or Fifth Age.
When did you come by this place? Nolen asked as he stepped up to the window. From the view he could see two wings of the building curve around.
Back in the Third Age, he replied and poured two ivory goblets of wine. Shes supported by the same patterns what hold up Jaden, so she doesnt crumble with the years.
How have you not been located? Nolen took the goblet. The vintage was strange and far dryer than a Dastanian red.
Illusion-pattern, Ryker smirked. Hides the manor from any prying eyes, but no one comes this high into the Greynadaltynes.
We just call them the Gray Mountains now.
The air was dryer and colder here, and Nolen felt the chill through the windows. He longed for the fire but would not show his weakness. The control piece on his fingers gave him no feel for the Mage who was so far east, and he slipped it off in his pocket.
Y impress me with your gumption, Ryker stated, his thick accent becoming easier to understand. Y have a right t this manor, as much as mine Arch Mages did. This was their homebar Maxine who took up her own ne far from here. When will y head out par your sibling?
Nolen took a swallow of the dry wine and wished it was warm. I still have not broken the Class Ten. I was hoping for another few days before we sidestep there.
He expected Ryker to be reproachful, but the man nodded and took a swig of his wine. I found something out what might help y. He motioned to a set of plush chairs by the fire, and Nolen happily took the one closest to the heat. Your Mages Class was kept a secret because he was protecting someone.
Yes, he claimed it was a merchants daughter.
Ne quite. She was the girl y found him with, aye? Nolen nodded. Will y kick yself t know was the Princess Robyn Bolt, your cousin?
Nolens lungs froze. She was there all along, and I never saw it. He smoothed a hand back over his curly hair. I hardly knew her as a child. I did not recognize her.
What will y do now?
Nolen smiled. You said to kill everyone the Mage loves.
Y listened. Ryker crossed an ankle over his knee. Then y will find mine Silex.
Nolen sat back and affirmed with a sharp nod. When did you make the Silex?
Me? Ryker chuckled. I did ne such thing. It was made back in the Uncharted Ages.
Nolen looked at him stupidly. I am not sure I know of those.
Did y think we just appeared ac started counting the Ages? Ack, boy, your Age is a stupid one. There are five Ages we have written down t memory, but there were many Ages before what never were chronicled. Some quod there were five to eight Uncharted Ages, but there is ne way t know. He wet his tongue with wine and clicked his cheek. Madison Library of Jaden has books on this, why were y ne taught?
Nolen shrugged.
Nay, the Silex was made by six Class Tens back in the Uncharted Ages in the kingdom what is now called Aidenmar. Their names were lost as well, but some say the descendants still live. Y ever noticed how Aidenmarian men go gray early? he asked and Nolen nodded. It was common for an Aidenmarian in his mid-twenties to gray. It is believed the creators of the Silex went gray after it was finished ac have since passed that trait down through the Ages.
But Mage and non-Mage go gray. Can it be they bred the Elements out?
Aye, Ryker nodded. Much as this Age is doing.
Something occurred to Nolen, and he fixed Ryker with a curious look. Which Age do you come from? Nolen asked.
Ryker smiled, as if he had been waiting for the question a while. That, princeling, is a story par another day.
Nolen sat there feeling foolish but dared not ask again. There was so much he did not know of his own history that this man could illuminate. Were the Arch Mages as dangerous as the legends say?
Ryker put a brow up. What do they say?
Horrible things like
They speak the truth then, Ryker replied and sipped his wine. Class Tens, the four of them, brilliant ac dangerous ac cruel, right after mine own heart.
Was Maxine Flint really the prettiest woman ever created?
Is that all the stories talk about? Ryker laughed. Aye, boy, aye, she was the loveliest ac most dangerous beauty ever set foot on this soil. She used t keep fair men like y as pets in her mansion.
What of the others? Pike Bronwen and Evony?
Pike was the smart onemine greatest Earth defendera Creator as well. People say the Castrofax were mine creation, but we concocted them together. He even knew how t bend metal t his will, which is a right hard thing t do par any Earth Mage.
Dorian Lark was mine destroyer. He could walk through a town ac leave it flattened in minutes. Right powerful in Air ac Fire ac Earth. He did what I told him ac did it right well. Ryker paused and looked up. Let me show y them.
He stood and Nolen swallowed, following Ryker through the narrow dark-wood hallways and into an atrium where a dozen paintings and tapestries hung.
He pointed to a life-sized painting of a beautiful woman with cork-screw white-blonde hair and cold blue eyes. She had little pert lips and a heart-shaped face with a pointed chin. Her gaze was hot and her lips cracked in a welcome. The dress she wore was dark red and cut off the shoulders, synched around her ample bosom that pressed up, and around her neck was a gold necklace with tiny colored beads.
Maxine Flint, the woman what seduced a thousand men.
Nolen coughed. A thousand? Legends say it was more like a hundred.
Ryker guffawed. Nay. She was insatiable. It was more like a thousand.
They turned to a handsome man with dark brown hair slicked back. The dark eyes hid under a heavy brow, and a full goatee surrounded thin lips. He looked regal in a handsome green coat with a high collar that revealed a golden torc encircled around his neck, a common Aidenmarian piece for Mages and royals. Clenched in his hand was a black Castrofax made in a wavering circlet. Pike Bronwen, the man what made the most feared items in Mage histories.
They have all been lost.
Nay, naught all them. Jaden has some Castrofax ac a few other relics. Im sure of it.
Across the atrium stood another painting of a pretty man with a chiseled face and dark deep-set green eyes. His blond hair brushed his collar, and parted left to frame his eyes. The painting was full-size and stood as tall as Nolen. His boot crushed a human skull.
Dorian, Nolen stated. Green and blond are a strange combination.
Hes a Gaelsin.
Nolen raised a brow. A what now?
Ryker pinched his lips and brows. From Tintagaelsing, across the Greynadaltyne Mountains.
Nolen felt flustered. There are no people on the other side of the mountains.
Boy, y best bet there are. There are tunnels run under the Grays par a hundred miles what used to connect the kingdoms before the Mage Wars.
I never knew, Nolen whispered.
Ryker shook his head and clicked his cheek. Im right amazed at how much knowledge has been lost over this last Age.
He pointed to the last portrait of a small woman. She was Shalabane with dark olive skin, black hair and a wide mouth. Four ribbons adorned her forehead, laced back into her hair in bands of red, blue, green, and gray. She had a sour look and wrinkles around her eyes and lips, the eldest of them Nolen judged, dressed in a loose, brocaded shirt with patterns of flames through it.
Evony Mitexi was as fast as she was mad. She controlled all Elements but Spirit. She had a right touch of madness t her, but she knew how t use the Elements, t create pain in ways Spirit Mages could never attempt. Loyal, she was ac did what I told her.
Why was she mad?
Elements as powerful as hers take the toll on the mind if ne handled well, ac she did ne handle it well. Your Mage would like follow the same fate, since y dont know how t manage power as great as his in this Age.
Where did they come from?
Where do we all come from? Y do know the stories of the first Mages, aye? Dont be a-telling me, y havent been told the histories.
I know them, but they are just myths.
All myths come from truth, boy. He wet his lips with wine. In the time before times there were men, ac there were the Elements. The wind, she raged without control, ac the ocean broke twice daily by the moon; fire burned without boundaries, the green things spread over all, ac the people perished young while their spirits filled the ground.
Nolen nodded. And so the people created the Elements to control them.
Ryker smacked Nolen across the back of his head. Ack! Nay, that is ne the tale. It was the Elements what created themselves. Listen more ac speak less. He motioned to a hallway where a set of tapestries hung, and as they walked he began the story again. The Elements knew they were too powerful to rule without help, so they banded together to create six in the image of man ac filled one after tother with one Element.
He stopped before a tapestry with six figures stitched in various positions. Wind whipped herself together t form a woman with pale skin, silvery hair, ac pale eyes who moved more gracefully than any creature ever born. He pointed to a pale figure standing on a mountain, her hands raised and her dress billowing. Earth drew a woman tan ac dark hair with black eyes like coals. Water used the moon t pull a lady from the tides of a rocky coast. A red-haired pale beauty with the ocean in her eyes, lithe ac winsome whose tongue spoke in songs. He gestured to the two people in the tapestry, the lady cracking the soil open, and the woman standing on the waves.
Fire drew from deepest depths of the earth where the flames burn hottest, ac formed a man with black hair ac eyes like emeralds, dusky skin ac powerful limbs. Spirit pulled together a piece of each living being, ac wrapped them together t form a stout man with brown hair ac eyes like night. The man picked out in white in the tapestry hung in the air, his arms spread wide.
They said he fell from the stars.
He was formed in the sky. T some he rightly well had fallen from the stars. Lastly, Void raised a man from the shadows, created with the energies of the dead spirits, with white hair ac eyes ac black skin, a fearsome creature t behold. The dark man in the tapestry stood out with his striking eyes, standing proudly in a corner of the piece.
Ryker moved them to another tapestry where it showed something terrible had happened. We named them by their Elements. They bred together, birthing litters by the dozens in short time ac never aging. Years passed ac the Mages, children of the Elements, spread across all the lands. Many bore multiple Elements, ac there was a time when some controlled all six. But a day came when Spirit ac Void disputed against each other. Opposites rarely agree.
The Elements were scattered in the tapestry, running or flying away. Void with the black skin and white hair fought with Spirit in the pale clothes. It seemed Spirit had struck the final blow.
Spirit consumed his opposite ac absorbed the power of Void. On that day, all who wielded Void ac lacked Spirit dropped dead. Today, all Spirit wielders can use Void once they opened it, par one could ne be without the other. Though Spirit thought himself clever killing his opposite, he was cursed t spend eternity with what he hated. Y say in this Age what there is ne greater Element from one t the other, but Spirit is the most powerful because y have the capabilities of Void.
Nolen studied the tapestries. I have never seen a dark-skinned person.
That was because they all fell dead that day. He pointed to a strange map in one corner and a broken map in the opposite. Earth broke the land ac drove it apart t protect her people. Water raised the seas to form the Dahrry Sea and the Dorna Cel. On that day Arconian was created when a tear in the sea floor ripped up fires from the earth. Air whipped the winds around the Greynadaltynes t make them impassable t protect her kind. T this day y can still see the markings in the Mages t know which Element they sprung from. Y are Spirit born, as are most, though y have a touch of Fire in y.
How would you know all this? Werewere you there?
Boy, par all y know, I verily may have been.

Casimir sat behind the desk that entertained hundreds of Head Mages before him. The rich dark wood carved flowing vines to match the grain. Bits of lapis and mother of pearl inlaid in the carvings, and atop it was a well-polished white marble slab with several holes cut through for ink wells, oil wells, and writing utensil holders. Casimir would miss the old desk and the matching chair set with crimson velvet.
What was left of the Council stood before him. Lady Aisling and Queen Challis could not make the journey, and Kieran and Selene were dead, leaving Galloway, Adelaide, Markus, Dagan, Penny, Lewis and Secondhand Lael to make the decisions. Some were still shaken from Ryker Slades visit, but it strengthened the resolve of others. Casimir rotated a gold band studded with uncut emeralds between his hands subconsciously as the remaining few took their seats.
I have dallied too long, he said at last and set the crown in his lap. And I fear we may be too late. The only hope we have to fight Ryker Slade has always been Mage Gabriel.
The room stirred and Lewis swiftly stood. He was the oldest Councilman and managed the castles infirmary. Brilliant as they came, brilliance often had a price, and his was social awkwardness. For a man who seemed usually distant, he was focused for the moment. My lord, you cannot propose we help him find the Silex. It would undo all Mage Gabriel could hope to complete before he began.
Casimir nodded. True, but that is not what I propose. Lewis remained standing, his old eyes attentive. We are going to kill Gabriel.
The room fell silent but for Pennys sharp gasp.
It is widely known no Mage can be returned from the dead, but that is what the histories have told us, Casimir began and stood, his knees creaking. What your history books do not say is death can be undone. We do not know why the Silex was created, but I can tell you its greatest resource is life restoration. Yes, it imbues Class Ten power on the bearer, but death can only be undone with all Elementsand most especially Spirits hidden sister Void. He paused to give them a moment to absorb his words. That was one of the reasons Void was banned, and we speak not of it. We need to find the Silex, kill Gabriel, and return him to life without his binds if we want a hope against Ryker.
Galloway rocked back on his heels. Do you have books on the Silexs location as well?
No, Casimir replied with a nod. I do not need books. The Silexs location came to me five years ago in the hands of Princess Kindle Novacula. He paced around to the front of his desk and leaned back against it. Kindle is a weak Mage, only a Class Two, so she knew she would have to work hard to achieve respect as a Mage. She was apprenticed in the library working in the restricted section when she came across a bookmark in a tome on ancient passageways in castles. It was the bookmark itself that set the bearing and marked location.
You know where the Silex is. Penny said breathlessly, a tinge of fear in her round eyes.
I know where the Silex is. The energy in the room tensed as everyone yearned for the question answered, but nobody dared ask. No matter, he would not tell them; not with Ryker bent to kill for the information. He knew his life was jeopardized by revealing this knowledge, but they had to know. We must travel to Anatoly City as soon as possible and bring Gabriel with us.
Do you know how to use the Silex to return the dead? Markus asked, leaning against the cold hearth.
A Spirit and Void pattern will make it work.
Have you opened Void?
Casimir felt his insides tighten at the idea of it. Void was not an easily attainable Element. The way to unlock Void had been cut and burned from history books. No one could attempt it. No, but you must ensure I am the one who kills Gabriel in the end to make everything work. He looked at Lael. Do we have enough Class Sixes to sidestep yet?
No, we are missing a Fire Mage.
We cannot waste any more days. We must be on the road day after next with as many strong Mages we can afford to leave the protection of the walls. Can I count on you to rally the Mages?
They nodded slowly. He knew they did not want to leave the safety of Jaden, and he truthfully did not want to either, but he had the protection of generations to think about. No man expected to die when they awoke on their final day, and Casimir had lived a full, rewarding life with no desire to leave any time soon. He twirled the emerald-studded crown in his hands. His fear of death kept him from acting for so long, but death was much closer than he admitted. He knew what he must do from the moment Lael reported Gabriels fate, but Casimir feared the outcome and the Arch Mage with a vendetta. At this rate, it was likely Gabriel was already broken. With a broken Class Ten, he did not know if he could rely on Gabriel, but he had no one else to believe in.
You are free to leave. Lael, abide with me a moment.
The Council filed out, some of their energy sapped. The task they had was daunting, for so many Mages had come to Jaden to escape the lands, not traverse back out to them. Lael stepped to the center of the room patiently. The man had grown leaner over the past weeks. He was already slender and hard, well fit despite the hours spent sitting behind a desk.
We need to discuss what will happen if I fail, Casimir said lowly. He could see the doubt skirt across Laels face. He crossed the room to a set of shelves and pulled out a small chest. You will find my will here, my selection for the next Head Mage, and letters for him. Lael gave a sad nod. I am planning something, Lael, and you need to know of it.
Lael nodded. Where would you like to be buried? With the Head Mages or your family?
Put me beside my sweet Evelyn. After all these years, he never forgot her fair face, ebony hair, and the way her eyes would fix on his like firebrands and burn straight into his core. Her voice had faded from his memory long ago, but he remembered her smile. He took the Head Mage Seat because of herbecause she was no longer there, and he had to distract himself somehow. Their child lasted but a few hours before he died as well. For all his strength and skill as a Class Six healer, Casimir did not know how to mend kidney diseases. After her skin and eyes yellowed, she maintained just enough energy to birth the child, all the while whispering reassurances to him. It was forty years ago, but the wound was still as raw as the day it was cut. Yes, put me beside her.

Robyn and her party pushed hard for two days, stopping early the second evening. They set up a ragged camp to warm by the fires, passing wine and meat between them.
Robyn had grown to know the men a little, learning their histories and reasons for joining. Word had not spread that she was the Princess, but they knew she was in charge and would supplement their trials with coin. She earned their respect by shooting the doe that fed them tonight.
General Calsifer set his bedroll beside hers as her cousins and the contortionist girl made their beds nearby. A spit with a leg of venison already crackled over the fire. It dripped oil into the flames, filling the air with mouthwatering scents. Robyn slipped off her soft lace-up boots and sat back on her mat, sore from riding for so long. The hobbled horses milled around behind her, munching rhythmically as night set in.
Calsifer cut her a haunch of meat, and she tore apart loaves brought from the manor. We are making good time. She did not think so, but she appreciated his optimistic thinking.
The same question had been gnawing at her for days, and she finally worked up the courage to ask, Do you think Gabriel will be broken by the time we arrive? If she arrived to find him broken, it would change her plans. She wondered what she would do if she found the man she loved an empty shell, his insides scrambled and drained.
Calsifer took an extra-long time chewing his bread and even swallowed a draught of water before glancing at her. It is possible, he replied in his deep voice. Prince Nolen has a knack for pain infliction and domination, but your Mage has a will of his own and knows you are safe. Robyn knew the comment meant the General wanted her to stay out of Anatoly City, but she was not about to back out now.
What will we do if he is?
The General fell silent for a while, picking his words carefully. We would order him to come with us, and he would. That is how you will know if he is truly broken.
She nodded with a soft exhale. Andolyn shoved several onions into the coals and left the camp while Talon looked to be already asleep. In the other circles someone was telling a rousing story, and two others laughed. You dont like the Shalabane boys, do you? she said more as a statement.
Am I so transparent? he asked, and she shrugged. I have no love for Shalabane.
She did not either. They were a sad race led by cruel Emperors who constantly sent ships to her shores. She did not know the full extent of it, but the General had hinted to some wharf towns overrun by colonies of the olive-skinned people with their sharp language. Why?
I suppose since you will be Queen, you should know my story, but do not let it sway your opinion. Did you know I am a married man?
The question took her aback. She never remembered seeing him with a woman or ever heard of a lady Calsifer. She shook her head.
I married Daneya in my prime, twenty six years ago last spring. This was back when I was a Captain-Commander, before your father, King Eirian, began his battles against Shalaban. We had a small estate on a good spot of land on the Ellonine in the Glover region. Do you know it? She gave me a son, a sweet lad with a baby-face and a laugh to melt your heart. We were so happy, but that was before the skirmishes.
I accompanied your father on many battles along the coast and watched as, week by week, the Shalabane ships sailed further up the Ellonine and the Tributine Rivers. I knew Daneya could be in danger; it was always forefront of my mind. We drove them back eventually, as you know, and I did not return until the battle of the Red Moon that took your fathers life. He paused and stared into the flames. I returned to an empty home. The door was broken in, the place raided, Daneya gone. I found my son, who was six years of age, with the closest neighbors. They told me Shalabane raiders ran a barge onto a sandbank miles downriver and pillaged to cut their losses before their ship came free days later.
He picked at his bread and put his elbows on his crossed knees. I never found her. I have nothing but loathing for Shalabane. I lay awake sometimes wondering if she is still alive, tortured, torn from her life, and hoping I come for her.
She sat in horrified silence. Shalabane soldiers had a reputation for being disorderly and cruel. She could only imagine the end the poor woman came to. Was your son wounded?
No, he ran miles inland to a plantation of good people. We had a serving woman at the time, and she was found in the river downstream with her throat cut. He took a swig of water from a skin and looked at it as if wishing it were something stronger. I hope Daneya is still alive for my sake, but for her sake I hope she died that night.
How long has it been?
He thought back. You were two when your father died, so it was near eighteen years ago. She had sandy hair, a bit like yours but not as yellow.
Robyn had little appetite now, and she searched for a new subject. Did you see my father die? It was another question she had few answers to. Her father had been a well-loved man by those who spoke of him, if not a little proud, and she knew only that he died when a castle he defended was breeched. All she had of him, so she was told, was his dark flashy eyes, unlike her mothers which were faint hazel.
He gave her a sidelong glance. I did. His tone waited for more questions to be asked.
I was told the castle you walled up in was broken, but no one has ever told me the truth of his death. Would you be honest with me?
I need a drink, he sighed.
I will fetch you some wine, she half-rose to leave, but he put his hand out.
I dont drink. Sit, sit and Ill tell you. He unbuttoned his coat and shucked it off as he spoke. King Eirian was a good man and a good Head Commander. I see more of him in your brother every day. The battle of the Red Moon took place in Malinster Castle, which is a little thing on a hill and was never designed to hold back anything but unruly river pirates. We held them off for a few days, but on the night when the moon shone full and red as a bonfire, your fathers destrier took an arrow, and the Shalabane breached the walls. The animal collapsed and Eirian fell on his neck.
I was on the wall pushing ladders off when it happened, and by all accounts it looked as though the King had died. But I learned later that morning after we pushed the Shalabane back, that your father was still alive. He was paralyzed from the neck down and being cared for. He called his Commanders together, gave us instructions on how to handle the army, and then commanded us to cut his throat.
Whwhat? Why? She exclaimed.
Have you ever seen a paralyzed man, let alone a king? A cripple thinks he is a terrible burden on his fellow men, thinks his ailment is a sign of weakness. Your father was a proud man and could not bear to be brought back to his Queen, the Queen of the greatest kingdom this side of the ocean, in a palanquin.
Did youwas it you who?
I could not have. My job was to protect my Head Commander and King, not kill him in his weakness. In the end one of the Generalswho died of old age a few years back, so dont try searching him outhe held a pillow over his face. He went quickly and quietly.
She sat in numb silence, staring into the flames. She had been told stories of valor, that her father went down in battle like a King should, but they were always exaggerated. Her mother never told her the truth, and she never asked her brother. I do not remember him at all. I would have liked to.
He was a good man, and he loved you fiercely. He was so proud when both you and your brother were born, happy to have a son to take after him and a daughter to rule. He would have been proud of the woman youve become. He smiled and patted her on the shoulder in a most fatherly way. Tears welled in her eyes, but she batted them back. You should know your mother was pregnant when we returned with him. The healers could not tell if it was the sickness beginning or the sight of her dead husband that caused her to miscarry. It was shortly after that she began to show signs of the sickness that claimed her life.
Robyn closed her eyes. Was it male or female?
I was not privy to that information.
Robyn swallowed back furious thoughts. Thank you for the truth. The strength had gone out of her voice, and she admitted to herself she was terribly tired. She turned around and snuggled under the blankets with thoughts and questions still running rampant. Did your son take after you and join the army?
He did. He is a Lieutenant now on his way to a Captains commission in time, though he took his mothers surname, so my status would not affect his ascension. When we arrive in the City I will find him and gather him to our cause. He unlaced his boots as he spoke. His name is Lex Shepherd.

Chapter 27
The thought of being sent to the kitchens was demoralizing, but Gabriel found himself easily at home within the first few minutes. Marya was quick to make him her pet, and though he thought the idea objectifying, she made sure he was comfortable. Rather than having him peel potatoes or stir roux, she sat him down and had him try everything she sent out, dubbing him a poison tester. The Queens real poison tester, a young man with a shifty eye for the ladies, found better things to do.
Marya sashayed her round hips over to him cradling a steaming pie in a white crock, and ladled up a spoonful for him.
I dont need to be handfed, he said as she shoved the spoon in his face. He snatched the utensil from her, blew on the concoction, and downed it. Bursts of cinnamon and peach flowed over his tongue before mingling with flaky, sugary crumble. What is this?
Peach pie. Are your senses dull?
This is amazing, he whispered and licked the spoon.
She laughed loudly. I knew Id find a favorite! Take care to save room after suppers now. Speaking of which, it is past supper time. You best be heading back to your rooms. Can I send you with a meal?
Stars above, youve stuffed me, Marya.
Take yourself a skin of wine regardless and dont forget to visit often, she grinned, her rosy cheeks plump and her smile wide. She gave him a solid slap on his behind with the spoon as he strode away, laughing about the stars falling.
The strange fatigue from the attack at Telmon Palace had still left him stretched and weary. Water had helped with the blood loss, but nothing had alleviated his Elemental weakness. He took his time on the walk back to his rooms, pausing to greet those who said hello. He was getting to know some of the regular inhabitants of the palace, old officers, servants, and nobles knew him by name and greeted him by his proper salutation.
The door to Ladys Aislings room was open when he entered, so he stopped in to tell her of the attack on Viorica. He stopped short when he heard her laughing. His father stood by the fire telling her a story. Cordis stopped when Gabriel appeared and smiled a little sheepishly.
Why are younever mind, Gabriel sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He summed up the day to Aisling, telling her of the attack, the wound Celise took, and the information Queen Challis gave up. Aisling listened with a grim look on her face that was becoming all too common. She rose and scratched out a note to send by bird.
We need to get to the Silex before Nolen. The Head Mage will know what to do.
You truly did not know where Kindle was being kept or why? Gabriel asked.
She shook her head. I was aware of the situation and knew she harbored a secret, but no more was told to us for our own safety.
He looked at his father and mouthed What are you doing here? Cordis shrugged his shoulders.
How goes it with the Arconians? Aisling asked as she wrote.
Balien is mixing me concoctions, and I have met three that are loyal to me. She fixed him with a cold look. Yes, Aisling, still virtuous.
Robyn will appreciate it, Cordis nodded. About bloody time you idiots fell for each other. I saw it coming, but it sure took its time arriving. I was surprised she did not fall into your arms when you came back with your Class.
Gabriel wrinkled his nose. She was fifteen.
I fell for your mother when I was seventeen. Cordis beamed. She was a few years older than I. Had her Class already.
And that was when Gabriel saw the betraying look Aisling shot him, and knew in an instant the secret they had been keeping. His eyes widened, and he grew silent as his mouth fell agape. After several moments of silence they looked at him in unison. His mouth snapped shut.
He pushed a lock of hair from his eyes. This explains everything.
Aisling stood swiftly. Let me clarify.
His mind reeled. Somebody better.
She held her hands up. Your father and I were very much in loveare stillbut my parents would not have him because the Lenis line is not wealthy. My family are material people.
But you are not married, and I am still bastard-born.
We are not married....
He cut her off before she could continue. Why was I never told anything about you? I have been waiting to hear of you for twenty-four years. How could you give me up like that? All this time he expected her to be dead. Did I mean nothing to you?
Of course you did, she whispered. We did not mean to get pregnant. The palace was no place for a babe, and my job journeying between Jaden and Kilkiny was too dangerous, so we decided Cordis would raise you far away to keep you safe. We were waiting for my parents to die before we told you because they would not approve. She had been inching closer, but all he heard was unplanned mistake in her dialogue that sounded rehearsedand untruthful.
Then Urima Manor is yours. And that is why you ventured here every year, father. Why did you hardly ever visit, Aisling?
I could not bear to see you and know I could not be with you.
How many people know my true lineage?
Aisling licked her lips. Head Mage Casimir is the only one. Queen Rincarel knew, and she gave me time to slip away when I began to show. She looked worried, an expression he had not seen before. Can you ever forgive me?
He let out a deep breath. This information changed everything. There were ways to expunge an unwanted baby before it was birthed, so he supposed he had her to thank for being alive. I can, he finally said. Despite his anger towards both of them, he stepped forward and embraced Aisling as his mother.
He looked at his father. You dont actually have rooms here, do you, he stated. Cordis grinned and shook his head. Aisling gave him a tight squeeze before letting him go. She had a proud look on her face as she pulled away. I am retiring for the night, he said and patted the wineskin hanging from his belt.
They let him go, but as soon as he was out of sight, his smile fell. He never expected to find his mother, and seeing what Aisling had been through since his arrival, he pitied her. She had seen him at his absolute physical worst, something a mother should never see. As he looked back on their encounters, he could see her maternal side and wondered why he did not guess her identity sooner.
He slipped into his room and locked the door behind him. He was weary to his bones, and looked forward to a quick bath and a long rest.
Two steps into the room, he felt the kinetic energy of another faintly push against his senses, and he paused. It came from the chairs by the fire, and as he slowly stepped around them, he saw a beautiful woman waiting. She had raven-dark hair half pulled back and dark eyes that watched him in a hungry way.
His heart caught in his throat. Is she one of Mikelles? Had Balien left a sleeping draught yet? Her eyes glanced down at the wineskin on his hip, and he wondered if he could get her drunk on such a small skin.
Let me get more wine, he said, the strength long gone from his voice.
I will not need it. She stood gracefully, and he saw the gown she wore was no dress at all but a robe, parted in the center and tied on one side. It was slit to one hip and clung to her waist snugly, exposing the lush round curves of her breasts. I have you for the night, but let us not waste time. She took a step forward and reached for him, but he took a quick step back.
Emotions passed over her face quickly; amusement, betrayal, then understanding. Mikelle said nothing of hesitance. Her accent was thick, and she rolled her ls in Arconian fashion.
Im sure Mikelle said a lot of things. He swallowed and searched the surfaces of his room for any vial Balien may have left. We shouldnt rush. Let me fetch more wine.
He moved for the door, but a cluster of gray threads passed him and closed it. Air Mage. Why are they all Air Mages? She stepped forward silently, the satin whispering over her skin.
My name is Axa, she told him as he backed away. Why do I frighten you?
I am exhausted. I could not managemanage to please you tonight. Come back tomorrow. He tried to get around her, but she moved into his path.
I think I will stay, she said lowly, her eyes intent on his. Off with the clothes.
He managed a laugh. I prefer
I am not here for what you prefer. Prince Nolen warned me of your tricks, and I am not to be fooled.
He pushed past her and made for the balcony, but before he took three steps something tight closed around his ankles. He saw a condensing-pattern around him, and with a quick jerk of her hands, she brought his legs together, nearly throwing him off balance.
Do I not appeal to you? she asked, but it was more a taunt than a real question. Standing, she had a lovely slim figure with hard muscle under thin skin. She was truly stunning. He did not answer and instead tried pulling out of the pattern, but it was solid. Had he his Elements, he could easily break free. Is it worth the reverse effects?
She sauntered over to a night bag on the floor and pulled from it several yards of white rope. Prince Nolen told me many things, she said in a sweet voice as she coiled the rope on the bed. She took her time walking up to him, rolling her hips dangerously as she kept her eyes on Gabriels terrified expression. She tried to touch his face, but he blocked the arm with a quick forearm swipe. She tried again to the same tune. The third time she laid an Air pattern around her wrist, so he could not block her, and her hand landed solidly on his cheek. He shuttered at the touch.
I will not go quietly.
She stretched up on her bare toes to come up to his ear. I am counting on it, she whispered.
He pushed her away swiftly, nearly throwing her to the ground. If it comes to it, I will do whatever it takes. Release me and leave, and I will speak of this to no one.
Let us put an end to your fantasy, she said and threw together an Air pattern. He had no way to block or dodge when she tossed it at him, and it slid around his neck. Another collar. He winced and fixed her glare, but she did not quite look the same. He turned his head to look away; the world seemed to bend around him.
He felt to see what she had fixed over his eyes, but his hand stopped short on a sphere wrapped around his head. His other hand flew to find an edge, but it molded with his neck as he breathed.
The pattern around his ankles fell loose as Axa focused her stamina on his sphere, and he took a few menacing steps towards her. But the air grew so thin he knew he would not get far. He inhaled, and his knees buckled. Surely she will let me breathe before its too late.
She stood over him, holding the pattern in one hand now, a dark look in her eyes. Fear gripped his chest, or perhaps it was the lack of oxygen. His lungs gasped for what little breathable air there still was.
Please, he whispered, not sure if he made a sound. Dont take this from me. His body shook as it struggled to keep him conscious, and darkness throbbed at the edges of his vision with every beat of his heart. I will not give in. His conscious shot a hundred thoughts; of Robyn and the only thing he had left to give her, of his mother within screaming distance, of his father whose life he exchanged for this, of the possibility that Axa succeeded, and of the carpet rushing up to slap him.

Chapter 28
Ryker sipped the strong, barrel-aged rum and grimaced as it burned down his throat. Alcohol had grown stronger and more inventive over the Ages. He had never been one for strong drinks, but the tavern did not sell wine like distinguished people. The large town in the far south of Cinibar was full of the baseborn lower class who sought strong relief after a days work. Not the kind of people who sipped wine because it was couth and enjoyable.
The bartender was a sour-looking man with a blind eye and an unshaven face, but the pretty women catering to the patrons were far more lovely to look upon. One girl in particular stood out as the true beauty in the room with honey-colored curls piled atop her head, a voluptuous physique, and a dynamic smile, even if the teeth were a little crooked. She dressed in a tight-fitted, blue-and-white dress that came nearly to her hips, and a neckline that dipped so low it was a wonder she did not spill out.
She had been displaying a funny trick for several men by placing drops of water on her fingers and pressing them onto the table. When she picked her hands up, the drops clung to her fingers and hardly left a trace of their existence on the table. The men were baffled and tried to recreate the trick, but she was making a handful of copper triangles as they failed.
Ryker could see the truth in the trick as blue threads emanated faintly from her chest. She was not a strong Water Mage, but she seemed to make a living with her Element. She laughed sweetly and loudly as she made her way to the bar for a mug of hot cider.
What is your Class, girl? Ryker asked quietly. She stopped and turned, but he did not look at her. He could feel frightened energy coming off her. If her trick was discovered, she could lose her credibility and her coins. Ill ne tell your secret. He looked at her now and saw her wide hazel eyes loosened a bit.
I ave never been tested. Journey to Jaden too longcould naught afford it. I reckon Im a Two or Three.
Ryker nodded. Ive use par a girl like y in mine line of work. Are y interested in furthering your Water Element?
She flitted her eyes around to see if anyone was listening. I reckon. Whats the pay?
Priceless, he smiled. He snapped his fingers and flung the Spirit pattern so fast that no one saw the girl die. She stood there for a long moment, the lights dimming in her eyes. Ryker put a hand over hers and held her spirit in place before it could slip into the spirit world. Her knees locked, and her jaw fell slack as she crumpled to the floor in a heap.
Ashlan! the bar tender yelled, but he stopped suddenly when he saw the blue specter standing where the girl had been. The room fell silent as if the walls held their breath. Ryker touched two fingers to her forehead, and a wave of cold blue light ran through her, making the corpse shutter. As simple as that, the pattern was laid and the deed done. The spirit turned and raised her hands. From them flew shards of ice and snow that fell so quickly, she blanketed the room in seconds. The silence of a blizzard followed as the crystals absorbed every noise within and some without.
The men and few women stood where they were, frozen to the floor and chairs. All were still alive, but that would not last long. The specter stepped forward gracefully, and as she picked up her feet, she left pointed shards of ice broken off from her ankles and calves.
Ryker felt the sensation of her existence come to light in the back of his head, along with the nineteen others. She stepped from the hop house and out onto the street, vanishing behind the frozen door. Twenty specters was his limit, and he always had twenty in play. If they were not burning lines across the plains or creating sudden nature growth in cities and towns, they were causing gales to break the harvest or spreading diseases of unnatural kind. Each specter was a little different, but each had to be a Mage.
He cracked out of his seat and put a foot on the ground to shift, for shifting could only be accomplished while making contact with the solid ground. The chill of the room was replaced with the temperate air of the spirit world as he made his way home. A hot meal would be waiting for him, and Prince Nolen would want to return home.
The princeling had proven his worth and earned a little trust, but he was still just a boy and had a lot of growing up to do. He was prideful and hid his pain behind a persona he used to hurt people. Nolen had stayed the night, and Ryker sent two of his favorite girls to him, but they both returned the next morning with bruises and rope burns. Still, all his Arch Mages had their own issues he did not concern himself with it. What he needed were allies in this Age, and the Prince was the first of many to come. He had already pledged what was left of his Air Guard to Rykers cause.
Prince Nolen was in the great room, dandling a curly-haired Parion girl on his knees as she tried to pour him a goblet of wine.
How many of mine girls are y t have before y leave? Ryker asked in a slightly amused tone. He was nearly old enough to be Nolens father, but a pretty girl had the same effect on him now as when he was the Princes age.
Nolen grinned. How many more do you have? The girl gave a squeak as he pinched her and hopped out of his lap. She hurriedly poured Ryker a goblet and scampered out of the room.
I am ready t take y back t Kilkiny Palace, but there is something y should be knowing about Overturn. He swirled the wine in its goblet and paused. He had always been very good at the game Divided Kingdoms, and like Tiles, real life had many pieces to play. This piece would put him ahead. Its got a limit t it.
Nolens face looked a little confused, but as he thought, his expression fell. How so?
A Mages power works like a lake that is filled from one end ac drips from the other. Overturn makes the power more like a well. Y keep using, but it is never refilled, ac eventually it will run dry.
Nolen looked disappointed but smoothed his features. How long will it last?
Hell make it through the wards round the Silex if y dont be destroying any more palaces.
The Princes face became a thundercloud. I intended on using his power to help me take the throne.
Overturn was the most used Castrofax in its prime because it went through captured Mages rapidly. Y can put another Mage in it when the Class Ten dies.
Nolen straightened sharply. He will die?
Aye. When his power runs dry it will kill him, par ne Mage can be separated from his Elements. Ryker thought this concept was simple. So if y want t be breaking him, best be about it right-quick.
Nolen nodded, his eyes far off in the hardwood. Very well. I despise the Mage anyway. His eyes were lying, but Ryker did not pry.
Ryker seized Void. Let us be going.

Chapter 29
Prince Nolen returned from Atrox Manor with many stories and no one to tell them to. While he was influential and powerful, there was no one he would call a friend. He used his title to distance himself. Many people had tried to befriend him, but he was suspicious of their intentions, and found that after twenty eight years, he had not a friend to his name. The person he was closest to was his cousin Balien, and he despised the man.
When he was younger, he and his sister Kindle had been the best of friends. She had unfortunately taken after their mother, being delicate and insecure, and it had been Nolens great pride to see she was protected. Twins, they had been brought into the world together, and he felt connected to her more than any other. He missed her.
The revelation of her true fate was troubling since he would have to convince her to tell him where the Silex was. It was not a conversation he looked forward to, but if he knew his sister, she would tell him, especially if he offered her freedom.
Papers had been set out on his desk of things to sign and approve, mostly for the army. The Air Guard had suffered a terrible loss, and he found himself signing each letter that would give explanation for the mans death, along with a year-long pay for the widowed wife or parents. The death toll would be expensive, as would training new men, but he was not in short supply of them. Some men already came running to the Guard when they heard the sweet call of danger.
Nolen slipped the copper control piece over the fingers of his left hand before he wrote, glad to feel the sweet touch of the Mages awesome power. He would have to be careful with the amount of power he used. Had the Mage noticed a difference? It would be a heavy blow for the man to learn of his impending death, and certainly a tile to play in breaking him.
There were notes of rumors in the palace which he reviewed. A whore in the City claimed the babe she bore was his, someone was planning an arson attack on a family of visiting Shalabane, a ship in the harbor reportedly smuggled in illegal Cinibarian Milena bladeswickedly sharp and designed with a spring to break into four pieces once stabbed into a mansomeone was stealing the Queens jewelsthough he suspected she misplaced them herselfand there was the ever present rumor that the Class Ten was still chaste. He sighed heavily as he read on, wishing for a drink.
A servant came and went with his supper as night fell, and he ate as he thumbed through the reports and rumors. As he chased a bite with a swallow of hot wine, his eyes stopped over a new rumor. He reread it and set the mug down.
A well-respected midwife to the nobles died of old age last month, and in her will she stated Queen Miranda has no claim to the throne for she is not the daughter of Queen Gwenin.
He crumpled the paper and tossed it into the fire, watching it crackle and burn. He returned to his desk and wrote a quick note to the man who penned the rumors. Any man repeating that rumor is to have his tongue struck from his mouth for heresy. Find the family of the midwife and have them all killed. He would leave it in the rookery where he and all his spies left their communications.
As he returned to his meal and notes, the wind gusted through the crack in his window and with it brought anxious voices. He ignored them and realized it had grown too dark to read. Before he snapped his fingers to create a flame, he caught himself, and instead fetched a firebrand from the fire to light a few wicks.
Returning to his pages, he sat for no more than a minute when frenzied pounding sounded on his door. Balien shoved it open before Nolen could cross the room. The Prince looked worried, and his golden hair fell over his eyebrows, windblown out of its usual disarray.
Look in the skies, he said breathlessly. Quickly.
Nolen moved to the window and opened it, but he knew what he was looking for. The night sky was dark blue like usual, holding onto the last vestiges of sunlight, and overhead the stars winked along with the moon hanging in the east, but tonight there was something more. High overhead to the south was a brilliant white light that seemed to have two curving tendrils to it. It was easy to tell it was not part of this word, but far beyond. It was brighter than all the stars, competing even with the moon.
What is it? Nolen asked as Balien joined him. His cousin smelled of sandalwood and lavender. It is not a comet. He could hear people talking from open windows around him, and in the courtyard below people gathered and pointed skyward.
Nothose have a single long tail. I think it is an exploded star, Balien replied. And we have someone in the palace known for breaking them.
Nolen snapped his head to look down at his cousin who stood a few inches shorter. You do not think he will be
I do, and people are stupid. You need to protect him since you took his ability to protect himself.
Where is he?
I saw him leaving his rooms with an Arconian after supper.
Nolen grabbed his Mage cloak and swiftly buckled it as he strode from his quarters with Balien hot on his heels. His cousin had his familiar golden sword Harbinger strapped over his right shoulder. Balien had a soft heart, a softer heart than a Prince should have, and though he used violence sparingly, he knew well how to use the gold-covered short sword.
Where would he go? Nolen asked. He was surprised to realize he knew nothing of the man he kept prisoner. Not that he wanted to. He did not even care to say or think his name, calling him Mage to help distance himself from the Class Ten. They ran to the stairs and heard raised voices.
Follow those, Balien replied and pushed past, taking the steps two at a time. They raced down the stairs to the bottom level, passing people who looked frightened as they stared out the windows on each landing.
On the bottom floor Nolen paced a quick circle as he looked for any sign of his Mage. Most people stood at the windows talking in amazed tones, but the doors to the outside green nestled in center of the palace were open, and from them he heard a shout. He would recognize that mans screams anywhere, having been entertained by them for four days. He started racing, Balien right behind him.
The outside air was brisk, but the buildings sheltered the green from wind. The green was more of a lush garden, boasting great old trees and hedges hiding benches. Nolen used to steal away into the rooms created by hedges when he first came to the palace at sixteen to kiss the servant girls. The space was lit by tall lanterns and a few burning torches, casting a little light, but the burst star threw its own blue glow tonight.
The Mage with his midnight locks stood off to one side of the green, backing up through rosebushes with a pinched face. The sheen of sweat on his face said he had run, and the edges of his shirt untucked said he had already been assaulted. A woman hung off his right arm holding a broad silvery shield of ice over her forearm. Before them was a gathering of palace folk, mostly servants, but Nolen recognized several of the upper class who socialized within the walls.
What is the meaning of this? a man yelled. Why break more? shouted another. He broke the stars once, he will kill us all! It is an omen! The skies are fighting against him!
The crowd surged forward and the Mage went down, pushing the Arconian off his arm and out of the way. Nolen raced into the thick of it.
Get off! Nolen shouted, pulling a man out of the way. Balien positioned a woman soundly onto a bench with a grip on her collar. Unhand him! Nolen was hesitant to use the Mages ever-present power.
DID YOU NOT HEAR YOUR PRINCES? Balien shouted above the cacophony. That got attention, and as people paused to look, Nolen pushed into the heart of the crowd.
The Mage lay on his back, his vest torn open, his shirt ripped around the front laces and soiled with dirt. He had a black smudge across one cheek, leaves in his hair, and there were three claw marks across his neck filling with tiny spots of blood. He kicked a man off his leg and scrabbled with another who reached for his throat, but Nolen shoved the man to his backside.
This Mage is my property, and you will do well to remember that! Nolen bellowed. He has no control over his Elements anymore, so he did not do this, he pointed to the burst star, and neither did I. Mages do not have the capability of touching the skies.
Ages ago when they were stronger they could! This Mage was born out of his time to bring an end to us! a man shouted.
It is an omen, my Prince, a noble argued. Something terrible is going to happen.
Return to your houses! Balien yelled. This man is not to be molested again. He had unsheathed Harbinger in the fray, and in the silver moonlight and gold firelight looked a true Prince of Anatoly.
The woman who had been on the Mages arm stooped to brush him off, and Nolen had to help him up. The Mage muttered his thanks and let the woman dust him down; she was very thorough.
I didnt do it, he said quietly, as they looked to the massive star between two towers. Once finished, the woman looped her arm through his again and held on tightly with long fingers.
Do you know what it is? Nolen asked as Balien joined them.
A burst star I imagine. The Mage pointed a finger and traced a circle. That grouping is the striking serpent, and I think that star was in the end of the tail.
What is a burst star? the woman asked.
Sometimes brilliant stars fade to a faint red, then explode.
What else could it be than a star? Balien said quietly.
Nolen sneered. The populous will come up with a thousand-thousand answers. He looked at the woman who gave him a sultry smile. Are your rooms close by? She nodded. You will stay there the night, he said to his Mage. See he finds his way, he looked at the woman whose grin broadened.
Hateful eyes watched them go as the crowd buckled around them, warily keeping an eye on Nolen. Balien stepped up to Nolens side and folded his arms.
Do you know what you have got yourself into, cousin? I think you will find this is beyond you. His power was meant for him alone. You do not know how to use it.
I just said I did not do that, Nolen gestured to the skies angrily.
No, Nolen. Gabriel was shaped and trained not only in body but in character to use his Elements. By taking them from him you have upset the balance of a Class Ten and therefore the very world in which you stand.
This is rich coming from a non-Mage.
Balien fixed him with an indignant glare. I would have to have my senses taken from me to not see the upset. Someday soon you will have to answer to the Head Mage and all of Jaden, and I warrant Casimir will take him from you.
It will never come to that.
You fool yourself if you think that, cousin.
It will not, because soon I will break him. Nolen rocked on his heels. And then I will kill him.

-End

Begin Book two now with:
Breaking Stars
Other Books by Jenna Van Vleet
The Father of the Fifth Age series
The Castrofax
Breaking Stars
Unlocking Void
Chasing Bloodlines
Felling Kingdoms
About The Author
Reality is boring, and Jenna realized that very early on. If she was not reading fantasy, she was writing it. As an artist she dabbles in everything from costuming, portrait art, and leather crafting. She currently resides in Utah with her husband, and is 15 cats away from being crazy. 

