



Baxters Blues

by
J.J. Abbott



Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 by J.J. Abbott
All Rights Reserved.



Chapter 1


The killer awoke before dawn, and quietly laced up his boots in the dark. The man intended to leave before the girls awoke. The girl next to him, 8-months pregnant with his child and unaware she ever let a killer into her home and bed, slept quietly. A dream fitfully troubled her sleep, and the killer watched her slowly roll to one side, muttering into her pillow. He wondered if she ever dreamed of him, and if she found the dreams pleasant. He allowed himself to dwell on that thought for a moment. The killer looked at her a little longer, then turned away and went back to gathering his things. Down the hall, the girls daughter slept alone in her room, and in the next room, the other woman in the house fitfully slept. Stephanie never did sleep well. The killer knew this because her boyfriend told him. He knew everything about her, and regretted he could not kill her. He liked her looks, she was his typea lean and youthful looking blonde. The killer felt attracted to all the girls in the house. Unlike normal people, it didnt make him fall in love with them. The sense of attraction made him want to watch them die.
The killer took one last look at Cindy, the girl he datedand deceivedfor the last year, then gathered his things and left. He closed the door behind him and stopped for a moment. The killer considered letting them live a sacrifice. The man wanted to kill all of thembut spared them only because this particular girl carried his child. He pondered over that for a minute. They would never understand how much he suffered for letting them live. It hurt to deny himself that sort of pleasure. This child of his, the only one he ever produced, would never understand he owed his life to his fathers refusal to kill just this one time.
He left nothing behind that might point them to his other life. Over the years, he learned how to pick up and move on to the next victim without leaving a clue for the police. The killer read widely about police procedures, and educated himself about murder investigations in particular. He had played this game several times. He moved into an area, identified a few targets, played with them for a little while, killed them, and then left. Each time he did this, he left no evidence that would lead the police to him.
This one time he did not kill, at least not for pleasure. True he left a few bodies behind himtwo of them in factbut he didnt consider those pleasure killings. Those killings only amounted to taking care of business. In fact, his time on the Baxter farm had nothing to do with pleasure. True he enjoyed the game he played with Cindy Baxter, and he enjoyed using her. But, the killer chose this set of targets only for what lay hidden on the girls farm.
Once he found it, and took it from them, he could leave. Until he stole it from them, the girls never knew about the riches hidden on their farm. That knowledge only enhanced the game he played. He had come into their lives searching for something they didnt even know about until after he took it from them. The man quietly removed most of what he owned the day before, but he still had a few things left in the closet. Then he went carefully through the house and checked that he had already removed everything he brought with him. He carried the last few items from the house and threw it in the truck parked outside. The killer had played this game most of his lifethe game of leaving nothing for the police. The killer always beat the cops at his game. He never failed.
Yet, the killer knew that even with the greatest care, he must have left a clue. Knowing that somewhere the police were searching for him both enhanced his enjoyment of the game, and frightened him. Somewhere the police were looking for him, but they didnt know where to look. They didnt know what he looked like, where he came from, or where he went. The thought of so many puzzled and confused cops only made his games that much more pleasant.
The killer played the game through the various identities he stole or created. In addition to being a killer, he had highly developed a skill at stealing identitieseven personalities. When it suited his needs, he killed a man and assumed his identity. The killer had done this so many times he lost count of them all. The killer took special pride in one particular assumed identity because he built it up so much. Back home he seemed like a respected member of society, and he took special pains to protect that identity. He constructed that life very carefully, and he wanted to keep it alive at any cost.
That identity still served his needs, but it wouldnt last much longer. Time slowly wore his favorite identity thin and it would soon no longer protect him. The killer intended to move on someday to yet another identity. His final identity, as he called it. He wanted to retire, and like any retiree, he needed money for his retirement. The need for money, enough wealth to bankroll him into old age, brought him to the Baxter farm searching for what he knew lay hidden there.
Knowing how much longer the money would allow him to keep going drew him to the Baxter farm. The killer never did have much skill with money. It slipped through his hands like water in a sieve. His other life back home as a respected citizen amounted to nothing more than a fraud. He owned a chain of businesses, but they would all fail in a few years. Only he and his accountant knew the truth. To everyone else he looked like some sort of money god. In reality, he needed an infusion of cash to keep his sick life going. So he sought out the Baxter farm, because he knew what Tom Baxter left buried there many years before.
A normal person might have felt a longing to stay and settle down. In addition to being a working dairy farm, it also provided a wooded paradise along the riverside. The farm was a pleasant place with cool breezes during the summer, and shaded camping spots beside the Moreau River. The killer enjoyed the spot along the river, but not enough to give up his other life and stay here. The killer had other ideas for the future. He kept spinning elaborate plans for the future. He loved his future life. In his plans, he would settle down with yet another new identity in a place safe from the police and begin again. The killer changed locations and identities many times over the years, but this change would last forever.
He had what he needed now and saw no reason to stay. The reason he spent the last year on Cindy Baxters farm sat loaded and ready to go in the truck he brought with him. It took him almost the entire year he spent on the Baxter farm to find it. His truck sagged under the weight and it took most of the spring out of the suspension system. Loading it, even with a helper, took almost all night. The man was not especially strong, and the helper did most of the loading. The helper now lay in a shallow grave in an isolated corner of the farm. He didnt need him anymore, so he killed him.
It didnt happen very often, but now and then visions of normality intruded through his sickness. And during that year, he let himself occasionally imagine staying here and starting a family with this girl. Most of the time, he didnt want anything so ordinary and boring as a life spent raising kids or working. Only killing interested or excited him. He couldnt imagine life without death and killing.
The killer found it funny that the girls never knew why he really came to see them, and why he stayed so long. Cindy and her sister knew little about their fathers career as a smuggler, and nothing about his buried loot. Their father intended to return and claim it after the state released him from prison. Tom Baxter had a very successful career as a smuggler, but that had nothing to do with his time in prison. Not long after he got out of the army, he nearly killed a man in a bar fight. The victim lived, but he would spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.
Tom Baxter knew the state would send him to prison, so he prepared himself for it. The most important preparation involved hiding the loot he brought back from his time in the army. He intended to use it to build a new life for himself and his daughters after he served his time. That never happened. The state never let him out of prison, instead he died there. Many prison deaths involve violence, but Tom Baxters death only involved clogged arteries. He died of a sudden, but not unexpected, heart attack. Baxter gained a lot of weight in prison and developed congestive heart failure. Eventually the combination of bad prison food and lack of exercise killed Tom Baxter.
As his health deteriorated, he told one other person about the buried loot. His cellmate Joe Holman knew what lay buried on the farm, but nobody else. He never even told his wife and two daughters. He promised to take his cellmate with him when he returned home. The two were as close as brothers back then, but Tom Baxter died before his release date. The cellmate, as it happened, eventually told another person. Unfortunately, that other person was the killer. The man went looking for Tom Baxters missing loot years ago and eventually learned about the cellmate. The killer sought him out just so he could get Tom Baxters loot. He already knew what Tom Baxter buried on his farm, but he didnt know where to find it. The killer never served any prison time, but he knew one thingeventually cellmates learn everything about each other. So the killer went looking for the cellmate. The killer believed the cellmate would know where Baxter buried the loot. The killer was right. He did know where Tom Baxter buried his stolen fortune. The problem was he didnt know exactly where, but only generally where, and the killer had disposed of him before he found the exact spot. Killing the man so early was a mistake, and without him, he had to find another way to locate it. What he ended up doing was getting friendly with the Baxter girls. And so only a few days after he buried Tom Baxters cellmate, the killer arrived at the Baxters front steps with a persuasive story, a charming personality, and completely evil intentions.
The worst part was the Baxter sisters could have used the money badly right then. Their debts were deep and getting deeper. The things their father left buried on the farm before he went to prison would have easily saved them, but they didnt know about it. And they didnt know they had taken in a killer when the man who called himself Joe Holman, and said he shared a prison cell with their father for more than a decade, came knocking on their door a year earlier. Both girls took on extra work, and collected all the money they could find to help Joe Holman. They took him at his word when he said he came there to start a new life. They never imagined he really just wanted to steal from them, or that he fantasized about killing them.
In addition to growing fond of the two girls, the killer had also grown fond of the farm itself after spending almost a year living there. The farm was just as the old man described it. The old man he travelled with described the Baxter farm in his letters from prison. The old mans descriptions of the farm were strong and arose from his own love of the place. Ironically, he had never seen the farm. His descriptions all came from Tom Baxter. The old man had only seen the farm in his dreams and imagination. The killer befriended the old man, and even offered him the promise of a little love if he could only share time on the Baxter farm with him. Once they reached the farm, the killer thought he no longer needed him. He didnt want the old man to think he could collect on his promise of love, so he killed him. When he died, the sad old man spent less than a full day on the farm he spent years dreaming of in prison.
The killer used the promise of love and sex to lure gay old men into traps before, but he never let them collect on the promise. In reality, he hated gays, and told the old man exactly how much he hated gays right before he killed him. Only after he killed the old man and left him buried near the river, did the killer realize finding the buried loot would take longer than he thought. The killer came to regret killing him so quickly. He should have waited until he had his hands on the loot. When he killed him, he expected to find it easily and in a shallow pit. Instead, he discovered Tom Baxter buried it deep, and in a very difficult place that required months and months of searching to find. The man was not very strong, and the search began to take a toll. So the killer recruited some help.
The woman he betrayed had a sister, and she had a boyfriend named David McKay. Her boyfriend was just the opposite of the killerhe was strong like an ox. The killer told David what he hoped to find on the farm. The boyfriend agreed to help him steal it and keep it secret from the Baxter sisters. The killer promised to share the loot with him. That never happened of course. Just like his promises to Joe Holman, his word amounted to nothing but hollow lies. They both loaded the truck the night before. And when they finished loading every last scrap of the old smugglers buried loot into the truck, he killed David McKay. We need to make one last stop, he said, as if it were no big deal. The killer drove the truck to the spot where he buried the old man almost a year earlier. He made David McKay kneel, and then shot him once through the head. True he didnt enjoy killing men so very much, but he still enjoyed making them beg and plead for their lives. This one didnt do as much begging as the others, but he didnt give him much time before he shot him. He was in a hurry. The killer wanted to leave the farm in a few hours. He threw a few shovels full of dirt over the dead man, and went on his way. David McKay, the strong man, lay dead and in the ground under a thin layer of dirt for less than a day when the killer finished packing.
All of that was almost behind him now. The killer moved quietly through the bedroom, took one last look at Cindy Baxter, then quietly closed the door and walked to his truck. Sparing her life made the killer feel depressed at the loss of pleasure it caused him, but leaving her didnt cause him any pain at all. Although he got her pregnant, he never did enjoy sex with her. The girl bored him. She wouldnt even agree to let him tie her up, and wouldnt tolerate even a mild open-handed slap. Pain only made her afraid and angry. It didnt arouse her. In truth, she wasnt his type at all. The only thing he might enjoy with her was watching her die. He imagined her naked, suspended from the ceiling with a noose around her neck. He liked that. The killer wanted to watch her die while he slowly raised her an inch at a time from the floor choking as the rope tightened around her neck. Thoughts like that made him happy.
Only killing made his life worth living. He dreaded the long stretches of time, sometimes years, between kills. The killer kept a list of all his kills, and he enjoyed expanding it. His kill list went back almost three decades. But this morning he did not add another person to his list. This morning he simply gathered his belongings, and left the house. Walking past the daughters room, and then past Stephanies room made him suffer. He longed to go inside each room and kill them. The sense of longing and regret ate at his heart. It hurt to walk away and let them live.
He told himself he wanted to leave before sunup. If he killed them, he would have to do it fast. Quick killings werent worth the effort. The killer liked to watch the girls suffer. When he killed, especially girls, he liked to take his time and enjoy it. Besides, when the police came around, they might find some sign of the great treasure that once lay buried on the farm. The killer didnt want that, so he had another reason to let them live.
It didnt really matter, because he had another target lined up. He met a girl online not long ago, and stopped to see her once or twice during his trips back home. He intended to keep seeing her. He would enjoy killing her. The poor little girl was young and easy to please so long as he brought a few bags of cocaine with him each time he stopped to visit. The girl had already let him tie her up and beat her. The girl enjoyed it, and asked him to hit her harder. Each time he slapped her, she became more aroused. He would enjoy watching her die. The anticipation of it kept him going, and gave him motivation.
The killer stopped one last time after he finished loading the truck. He had all his bags loaded, and packed all his belongings in the truck outside without awakening anyone in the house. The man didnt know what he would do if anybody saw him leave. It probably wouldnt have mattered. He had what he needed, and nobody knew about the bodies he left on the farm. When he disappeared, the police would class him as just another irresponsible man who abandoned his pregnant girlfriend. The killer looked at his watch, and walked toward the truck. The last fleeting temptation to destroy all three of them came and went as he carried the last of his bags outside. He climbed into the truck and sat for a moment. He fished a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and lit one. The killer reached into the same shirt pocket and took out a small coin. He sat and played with it for a moment, and flipped it along his knuckles in an intricate series of twists and turns. The killer had small, feminine hands and fingers, so the tiny coin easily fit in his hands. The tricks and stunts he did with the coin had become a kind of nervous habit. He played with the strange little penny the same way other people drummed their fingers when they grew bored. He dropped the tiny coin and it rolled across the floor of the truck. The killer spent a minute searching for it. The coins were special; he bought them in packs of 10. Although he had lost several of them, it always bothered him when he lost one. When he found the coin again he looked into the small case he kept them in and counted them. He counted only seven. The killer had lost three of them somewhere on the Baxter farm. The killer put the coin inside the case with the other six and drove away thinking he had no reason to worry. It seemed like everything would go his way. He was wrong. It would take time, but the mess he left behind on the Baxter farm would come back on him in ways he couldnt yet imagine.



Chapter 2


A few minutes after the killer left, Cindy Baxter stirred in her sleep and started to awaken. She rolled to one side, and stretched. As she awoke, just like every morning for nearly a year, she reached out for her boyfriend. They had dated for almost a year now, and she expected to marry him in a few months. She was already pregnant with his son, and they had already discussed what names to give him. Cindy had no idea that all those months they spent together she sheltered a killer in her own bed. She never knew he used to lay awake beside her thinking how much he would enjoy strangling heror that he had the same fantasies about her daughter and sister. Cindy didnt know everything she thought she knew about him amounted to a collection of lies.
Cindy thought he was a reformed convict who did time with her father. She expected to live a life alongside him as he built a new business and a new life for himself. The killers story sounded heroic, and unfortunately, it also sounded believable. The story he created, and the lies he told, sounded like the sort of life her father wanted to build after he returned from prison. She heard that life plan frequently from her mother during her wait for Tom Baxters prison time to end. Cindys mother waited patiently for Tom Baxter to return from prison, and never gave up hope he would change. The truth was Tom Baxter had changed, but he didnt live long enough to live out the changes he made in himself. Tom Baxter died of a heart attack during his 10th year on prison. Cindys mother, sadly, also died only a year later.
The man Cindy Baxter allowed herself to fall in love with said he wanted to open a restaurant, and start a family with her. They borrowed deeply to help him finance his ambition. Now, suddenly, he simply vanished, taking the borrowed money and their fathers buried treasure with him. Cindy didnt know that yet, she only knew he wasnt there on this particular morning. She awoke next to him every morning. He rarely left before she awoke, and when he did, he always told her ahead of time or left a note. Cindy could not imagine why she didnt find him next to her that morning.
She felt around in the half dark for him, but couldnt find him. When she opened her eyes to look, she saw only an empty space in her bed. At first, his absence raised no particular alarm. It only seemed odd. She thought he just got up a little early to go outside and a have a smoke. Cindy fell asleep for a few more minutes. She drifted away into a dream, but it faded into nothing as she awoke again a few minutes later. When she opened her eyes, she found him still missing. Now she felt a little more alarmed. The man she thought she knew simply would not leave without telling her.
Cindy sat up in bed, looking around the room. She noticed his bag was gone, and his clothes were no longer in the closet. He hadn't bothered to close the closet door after he left, and as the sun came up outside she could see inside the closet. She saw only emptiness where a few hours ago his clothes entirely filled his side of the closet. Cindy got up and looked inside as if his clothes might have hidden themselves in the corner. It made no sense. She felt puzzled and a little frightenednone of his belongings remained in the closet or in the house.
She went looking for him. Cindy walked past her daughters room, and on down to Stephanies room. She peeked inside, and saw her sister asleep alone. Cindy felt a little ashamed of herself for the suspicions passing through her mind, and closed the door. It wouldnt have surprised her to find him there asleep with her sister. Cindy could tell he found her sister attractive, because he always took long and appreciative looks at her when she came into the room. Stephanie, however, never returned his interest. She knew her sister would never betray her. When she finished searching the house, Cindy looked out at the yard facing the driveway. Joes truck was not there. She wondered if he got up early to go into town for something. But that made no sense either. He took all his things with him. The man simply vanished.
She hadn't confirmed her fears yet. But as she stood there looking at the empty parking spot, and watched the sun rising over the horizon beyond, Cindy felt a new kind of fear she never experienced before. She loved the farm she inherited from her parents. The house she lived in had housed generations of Baxters going back to the Civil War. She did not want to lose it or the land. Cindy wanted her children to grow up on the same farm. Suddenly all of those dreams seemed about to die.
That morning, on the day the killer abandoned them, Cindy still didnt know all the details. For those first few hours, she still thought he would return with a good explanation for his absence. But she knew better. On another level, she already sensed his disappearance was permanent and that he had not simply gone into town without telling them. Cindy went to the freestanding garage beside the house and took the red ATV. She rode it around the farm looking for Joe Holman. She searched the holes he dug around the property over the last year.
The man invented a variety of stories to explain his constant digging around the farm. First, he said he planned to build a new shed, and once even said he was hunting for arrowheads. He seemed genuine, so Cindy never pressed the issue. Now she wished she had. Cindy found the last hole the man created on their property and just stopped and stared. It rained the day before and the ground was still soft. His truck left deep impressions in the ground where he backed it up to the edge. The tracks around the hole made this one look busier than the rest. Cindy began to understand at last that he had dug something up and taken it with him. She didnt know what, but the facts began to point toward something she didnt want to think about yet.
Cindy rode the ATV around to the other holes searching for Joe, but never found him. She thought maybe she would find him out there working. She was teary eyed and desperate when she stopped at the last hole. This was actually the first one Joe made on the property, and lay hidden behind a row of trees. Cindy stopped the ATV and walked the rest of the way into the clearing. The sun was up, but still low against the eastern sky. Cindy shaded her eyes as the sun came through the breaks in the trees. She looked around the clearing surrounding the hole. The ground looked disturbed as if somebody had filled the hole partially in again. A heavy smell of something musky and dank hung over the place. She couldnt quite place the smell, but it offended her. She had no name for the odor, but it struck her as evil. Cindy backed away from the spot and returned to the ATV. When she got back to the house, her sense of panic dulled itself a little. In its place, she felt only a resigned sense of despair and anger.
Over the next few weeks, Cindys story made its way around Templeton and around various parts of Moreau County. Some of it circulated as wild rumor, but now and then, people repeated it as simple statements of fact. The wildest rumor said David McKay and Joe Holman were gay lovers who abandoned their respective girlfriends and ran off together to get married. Fortunately, that rumor never made it back to the Baxter sisters. Some of the gossips had evil intent, but a few wanted to find help for the two Baxter girls.
One of those people was a former client of a private detective named Led Sinclair, who also happened to know his assistant Erin. This particular client was a man sent to prison for a murder he did not commit. Led took his case even though the man could not pay, because his secretary Erin Fox persuaded him to help. He was also one of Erin Foxs many former boyfriends, and he knew Erin would care about Cindy Baxter. Erin hadn't seen her in years, but they were college roommates. He also knew she could persuade Led Sinclair to help them. The man picked up the phone and called Erin.
Erin remembered Cindy Baxter, and listened to every bit of the story her old boyfriend told her. He gave her Cindys new phone number, and Erin phoned her old friend. They spoke for hours about the man who abandoned her, and about her bad situation. Erin assured her that her boss could help. Cindy said she couldnt afford a private detective, but Erin said she would find a way to solve that problem. Thus, through a chain of friends of friends and acquaintances fate began to catch up with the killer.



Chapter 3


I still havent decided if this case was worth it or not. The Baxter case almost got me killed several times, and ended up not making me a lot of money. Of course, I brought the money issue on myself. I admit that much. But ultimately, my own sweet Erin got me to take this case to help an old friend of hers. Erin has a special skill, a talent I would call it, for talking me into doing things that will only cost me time and money.
When she wants me to help, Erin uses the same logic. She tells me some person or other has a problem only I can solve. She says that every time. I really am good at helping people, and we both know it. Erin thinks if she plays to my ego, then I will take the case just to make myself feel good.
I dont like to see other people suffer. I really would like to take every sad case that comes through my office door. And it seems like they all have sad stories. I want to help. I always want to help. But the L.Ed. Sinclair Agency is not a charity.
I do have a habit of turning soft and taking on clients who can't pay. I admit I do that too often. I have a long list of clients with payment arrangements, and a lot of them havent paid me in months. This problem doesnt stop with Erin, it seems like half the business my so-called friends bring me involve people who cant pay. Erin especially should know better. She knows if I dont get paid, she doesnt get paid. Yet, she went out of her way to talk me into taking the Baxter case when she knew the Baxter girls couldnt pay.
Clients who can't pay are bad for business, I reminded her. If you like getting your paycheck, you should know that.
I know, but if you will just talk to her, all of it will all make sense, Erin said. If you help her, then she will have more than enough to pay. You dont just solve crimes, you find missing things too. Like that missing antique vase you found for the insurance company.
That was different, I said. The insurance company could pay my fees and expenses, and they came with good references. You already said this friend of yours has no money.
Its true I did, but if you help her then she will have the money to pay you. Somebody stole something from her, and if you get it back, she can sell it and pay you. Besides, isnt the initial consultation free?
I had to admit she got me on that one. Lots of people come into my office asking me to solve their problems. I listen to them for maybe up to an hour at a time as they explain how life got them in some sort of a jam. Then, I send most of them packing, and refer them to somebody else. I reject more than half the cases people bring me. I reject them for all kinds of reasons, but money ranks way up on the list. I like being able to help people, but I also have a business to run.
Erin went on and on telling me what a dear sweet person this Cindy Baxter girl was, and how she had known her for years. She said the same thing about Cindys sister Stephanie, and then threw in something about how they would lose the farm if they didnt come up with a ton of money in a hurry. It all sounded so melodramatic it made me chuckle a little. That only made Erin angry. So I apologized. She had a point, losing the family farm isn't funny.
Erin is an original, I can say that, but everybody says that. I've never met anybody like her. When she wants something, she tends to beg like a kid in a candy store, even when the something wont do much for her personally. Erin had nothing to gain if I took the Baxter case, but shes like thatalways worried more about other people instead of herself. She followed me around the office like a stray puppy dog, and stayed right on my heels feeding me every little detail she could think of about the Baxter girls and all their woes. Eventually she started to wear me down, and she got me curious about the case.
How do you think I can help her, I asked.
You can help her find something. Somebody stole something from her, Erin said. Her ex-boyfriend dug something up and then vanished.
He dug something up? I asked. Like buried pirate treasure? I thought you said they were farmers.
Dont get sarcastic, Erin said. Cindy and Stephanie live on a farm thats been in the Baxter family for over a hundred years. But they borrowed against it, and now the moneys run out.
What was it her ex-boyfriend stole from her? I asked.
Well thats just it, Erin said. She doesnt know.
She doesnt know? How can she not know what he stole? I asked probably sounding a little confused and sarcastic. Erin just shot back a look that was part pout and part anger. I decided to give up, and at least meet with Cindy Baxter. It wasnt much of a favor. I dont charge for the initial consultation. But it meant maybe Erin would stop badgering me and maybe get some other sort of work done that day, so I told her to schedule the appointment.
I dont see why you want me to take this case so badly, I told her. If she can't pay, then shes just wasting everyones time.
Thank you so much Leddie, she said. The way she said that, she made it sound like I had already agreed to take the case. She had me wrapped around her finger, and I think she knew it. Plus she called me Leddie, and she only does that when Ive done something to make her happy. When I make her angry, she calls me Ledward. I dont mind nicknames, but that one really bothers me and she knows it.
My parents named Louis Edward Sinclair, but a long time ago, people started calling me "Led. And thats Led as in lead pipe not leed. I got my nickname because I used to put L. Ed. Sinclair on my work in school. That kind of spells Led, so my teachers started calling me Led. In a few weeks, all the other kids started calling me Led, and then it just stuck. So people have called me Led my entire life. I get a little more formal with my business paperwork, and put L. Ed. Sinclair Agency on all my business cards and the sign on the door out front.
So anyway, after I agreed to let her call Cindy Baxter and make an appointment, Erin got all excited and happy. I like making her happy, but I didnt want Erin to think I she could turn me into a pushover. I dont know if it does any good or not, especially given how often she brings me charity cases.
Dont thank me yet, I said. I only said she can make an appointment like everybody else. I havent agreed to take her case yet.
You will, Erin said. When she gets here and talks to you, I know youre going to want to take it.
I just said I would see her, I reminded her. That doesnt mean I will take the case.

Right then, I was more concerned with the wealthy client I had coming in for an appointment later that day. I went back to my office and started to review some files. My client wanted to review his case before I forwarded the file on his ex-wife along to his divorce lawyer. The contrast between the two cases got to me. Erin wanted me to take on this hopeless case for the good of humanity, and there I sat getting ready to meet with a millionaire preparing a divorce and child custody case against his wife. I hate cases like this. Spying on other peoples sex lives always makes me feel sleazy. I prefer to think about cases where I keep innocent people out of jail, or catch a killer who would have gotten away. But I do have to pay the bills, and I dont like thinking about all the sleazy things I do to pay them. Divorce cases just make me depressed. I take them because I have to, not because I enjoy them. If I didnt take them, Id go broke. I hate divorce cases because it always comes down to one person hiring you go out and catch another person sleeping with somebody else. And they want you to get pictures so they can prove it in court. Worse, they often want you to catch them abusing their kids, or using drugs. When the custody fight starts, the courts really dont like drug users or child abusers. They also dont like people who cheat on their wives and husbands either. And so people hire me to go out and get all the photos and video they need to prove their ex is a cheat or pervert or a junkie. I hate to admit it, but I usually produce the goods for them. I am looking forward to the day when I have enough business that I can afford to turn those kinds of cases down. I really do hate feeling like a scumbag.
The psychological effect of preparing for my meeting with the millionaire must have gotten to me. I sat there reviewing the incriminating evidence I gathered on his wifes kinky extramarital sex life, and it made me feel like the scum of the earth. It weakened my resolve to reject the Baxter case. I felt like a world-class douchebag sitting there looking at the photos and video I gathered of this guys wife. I needed to take on a case that would restore my sense I stood for something besides greed. The only thing I saw in the case file in front of me was a long explanation before the almighty when he called me up yonder and asked me what Id done with my life. Given the way I live, I expect to find myself in some serious trouble when I get to the other side. I tried to focus on the nice, fat paycheck but make no mistake; I really do expect the almighty to have some hard questions for me. I expect to do some fast-talking when my time comes. I shouldnt keep adding to the list of bad things Ive done in my life, but I do. When I get to the other side and the almighty asks me why I did these things, I plan to tell the truthI was broke and needed the money. I just do what needs doing. Other than that, I make no excuses at all. So maybe helping the Baxters will tip the scales the other way a little.
I listened to Erin as she called her friend on the office phone. She sounded excited and certain I would take the case. She knows deep down Im a softie, especially for girls with problems. Erin has a soft spot for stray animalsespecially catsand I have a soft spot for girls in trouble. I almost wanted to refuse the case just to prove she couldnt read my mind, but I decided to wait and hear what her friend would say.
Just before the millionaire stepped into my office for his appointment, Erin poked her head inside and said she arranged for her friend to come and see me. She said she would arrive in a few minutes. I could tell by the look on her face, I made Erin happy just by agreeing to meet her friend. She just made it that much harder for me to even think of rejecting the Baxter case.
The meeting with the millionaire went well, but the whole time we were talking about his case, I kept thinking about Cindy Baxter. Erin had me curious about her, and I struggled to put it out of my mind while I listened to the rich guy drone on about how he planned to nail his wife in court. It just made me wonder what his wife would say if I asked her about him. I didnt like him, or his case, but I needed the money he brought me. I held my nose the entire time, and went out and did all the dirty work he hired me to do. I accepted his check, and turned over the file full of images and video to him.
When I escorted the millionaire to the door, I saw a girl sitting on the couch in the outer office right next to Erins desk. Cindy Baxter was a pretty blonde in her early 30s, thin and athletic, who moved easily and gracefully. I escorted her into my office and offered her a chair.
Erin thinks you have a problem I can solve. I said.
I hope so, she said. I really dont know what to do. Erin said you know how to track down missing people and recover stolen things.
Sure. I do a lot of work like that, I said. But, first tell me exactly what happened.
She paused for a moment, looking confused and uncertain. Then she looked at me with this kind of helpless expression. I could tell she was stuck and grasping for words. Im not a therapist, but I deal with a lot of pain and suffering. Sometimes I have clients who suddenly find themselves reduced to stammering when they try to explain their problem. The kinds of problems people bring me tend to make people feel overwhelmed. I see it a lot. I waited for her to tell her story. Eventually she took a deep breath and started speaking.
I really dont know where to start, or how to explain all this, she said.
How about you just start at the beginning, I said.
Ok. Well it started with a man I met by the name of Joe Holman, she said.
She gave me a pretty sad story. The guy showed up on her doorstep one day looking and acting like the original poster boy for reformed criminals. He persuaded them he wanted to start a restaurant and got them to borrow against the farm to fund his idea. Then he took all that money they borrowed to help him start this business he said he planned. Plus he stole something from them. That part got my interest. She said it was probably worth more than the borrowed money he stole, but she didnt know what it was. She just knew it had to be worth a lot of money.
I asked her what got her father sent to prison, and she said the state sent him away for assault. He got into a bar fight and the other guy fell and struck his head. He didnt die, but he would never work again or think right either. The state put Tom Baxter away for 25 years. He planned to get out in less, but then died of a heart attack during the first 10 years of his sentence. She gave me a vague rundown of his alleged involvement in smuggling, but said she didnt know much about it.
I already hated the suspect I was going to spend so much time tracking down. He lied and conned his way first into Cindys home, and then into her bed. Then when he had what he wanted, he skipped out of town. He left Cindy Baxter penniless and pregnant to boot. He robbed her and broke her heart. Erin got one thing right. It was a sad case. And she was right about something else. I could help. Im good at helping people with problems like this. Its one of the reasons I keep doing it, even when I dont make a lot of money.
At the same time, however, it would make for a serious challenge. Cindy Baxter had no idea what Joe Holman found buried on her farm. She only knew he found something worth a fortune buried on her farm. It was a strange case. I was supposed to recover a stolen item, but the victim couldnt even tell me what was stolen or what it looked like.
I do some recovery work now and then, I said. But Ive never had to go looking for something without knowing what I was supposed to find. You dont even know what he stole from you. In fact, you can't say with absolute certainty he stole anything. You never knew it was there, and never saw it, so you can't even be sure it existed.
He stole something, Cindy said. I dont know what, but he took something right before he left. Nothing else explains his behavior or all those holes he dug on our property.
The conversation stopped suddenly, and we just sat in silence for a few moments. I kept on writing in my notebook, and then thought about it for a few seconds. Ive learned to take a pretty good read on people over the years and Cindy seemed as pure as they come. And just like a lot of other pure souls, she probably couldnt imagine evil men like Joe Holman out there in this world.
Pure or not, I still had a business to run. So I thought for a few minutes about how much I would take from what I recovered. I told Cindy since she couldnt cover my usual fees or expenses; it would mean a larger take of whatever I recovered. And since I didnt even know what it was, I reserved the right to claim up to half of it. When I took the case, I didnt even know what to go looking for, and I didnt know for certain if I would ever get paid. But, I agreed to take the case anyway. Just like Erin thought I would. I bugs me sometimes, but she really does know me pretty well by now and when she predicts what I will do, shes usually right.

After Cindy Baxter left my office, I put in call to Jack. I asked if he remembered Tom Baxter. He remembered him, but the only thing he knew about him involved the bar fight that sent him to prison. He gave me the story of the bar fight. The way Jack described it, Tom Baxter really wasnt such a bad guy, but he drank too much. And when he got drunk, he wanted to start a fight. Then one night, the guy he stomped on ended up in a coma. The net result for Tom Baxter was a quarter century in the penitentiary, but he didnt survive that long. He died of a heart attack after only a decade. Jack also said he never knew about Baxter being involved in anything illegal, or having anything hidden on the farm. He admitted he heard a few rumors, but not much else.
But remember he lived out in the county, Jack said. We didnt deal with him very much. He never got arrested for anything in Stevensburg before that fight. But I do remember hearing rumors he was into something shady.
Like what? I asked.
I dont know, Jack said. Its been a long time ago now, and my memory isn't great. I can't even remember what I ate for lunch yesterday. The only thing I remember about him was he had a little trouble with his drinking. But thats it.
Thats it, youre sure? I asked.
That and I heard rumors he got into the black market back in his army days, but I dont know anything about that. The only trouble he caused us was the fighting and disorderly conduct.
Everything Jack told me backed what Cindy Baxter told me. He wasnt a saint, but the only crime they ever proved in court was the fight that landed him in prison. When I got off the phone with Jack, I realized how hungry I felt. I decided to go grab something to eat. I got in the car intending to drive up to Firebird Pizza, but ended up in a firefight instead.

I rounded the curve up the highway from The Castle and found Cindy Baxters car beside the road. Somebody ran her off into the ditch. As I pulled up, I saw a guy walking toward her car, his face low and covered with sunglasses and a ball cap. He had a pistol in his hand. I gunned the engine and closed the gap between us. Whoever he was, the sound of the engine caught his attention. He looked up at me and ran back to his car without even bothering to point the pistol at me.
I followed him up the road until we hit a curve. The guy didnt take the curve, and ran off the road and up a hill. So on the good side, the chase didnt last long. He tore the car all to pieces on the drive up the side of the hill. I followed him part way before my own car stopped dead right behind his. The terrain was rough and without about a foot of clearance under your car, you won't get far. When the bad guys car stopped, he bailed out and ran for it. He crouched down behind a tree and got off a shot in my direction. It wasnt aimed, but it made me slow down. I pulled out my .45 and took cover. I got off a single shot as he cleared the top of the hill, but I missed him by a mile.
When I got up to the top of the hill, I caught a glimpse of a stolen pickup truck speeding down the roadway on the other side. I knew it was stolen, because I saw the trucks owner standing beside the road cursing and flipping the bird at the bad guy. I hate moments like that. All I could do was watch the bad guy escape down the road. I put the weapon away and walked back to my car. I could see smoke coming up from the underside of it, and knew the chase was over. Not only did the bad guy have a head start, Id never catch him in a damaged car.
Along the way, I stopped to look through the bad guys car. I didnt find anything. It had a sticker from a rental agency on the back bumper, so it wasnt even his car. When I tracked it down, it would only lead to a fake name and nothing else. My car was in better shape. I tore it up on the rocks and rough ground, but I got it started anyway. I got inside, started it up, and got back on the road. Some junk got stuck underneath, but I hadn't torn it up too bad. I could still drive it. Id have to take it to the shop, but my car would live to fight another day. My insurance company had just replaced my last heap, so I wasnt their favorite customer. I wasnt too far from the house, so the drive didnt tear it up too bad. I would need to get the thing towed to the shop, but it would make it back home with no problem. The hooptie made all sorts of ugly noises and left a nice fat smoke trail along the way back home. Fortunately, I have two cars, so I still had something to drive until I got this one out of the shop. I tend to favor police-model Dodge Chargers. The only difference between my two cars is the model year. Theyre even the same color.
Before I drove back to The Castle, I stopped to pick Cindy up and drove her back the office. When I stopped beside Cindys car and got out, I found her shaking and crying. I asked her if it was Joe Holman we just ran into. She said shed never seen him before. I didnt want to send her home right then, so I told her she could stay with me that night. The police came a few minutes after we got back to the office. We both gave them descriptions of the guy we saw, but I didnt expect much. I knew the odds of finding him were pretty slim.
Cindy agreed to stay with me that night. I keep my offices in the downstairs section of The Castle, and my home upstairs. Erin was already out, so I showed Cindy to the residential section of The Castle myself, and got her settled in one of the guest rooms.
I went to my room, but I had to make myself fall asleep. Even an exciting day doesnt usually keep me awake like that, but I didnt get to sleep until past 3 a.m. The days events had me too nervous and keyed up to sleep. Not only that, but my plans for the next day occupied my mind. I planned to go search the Baxter farm and see what my suspect left behind when he left. I didnt know it yet, but this case would cause me a lot more excitement. That days chase down the highway was nothing compared to what was coming.



Chapter 4


I intended to visit the Baxter farm early the next day, but that didnt happen. I awoke late, and discovered Cindy had already gone home. I went to her room down the hall expecting to find her there, but found an empty room instead. It seemed a little strange, and took me by surprise. Cindy left a note saying she would expect me at the farm later. I thought her encounter with the gunman on the roadway would have scared the daylights out of her. Apparently it didnt, because she felt secure enough to head home without me.
I checked the time, and saw it was late morning. I forgot to set the alarm the night before. Sometimes I wake up without it, and I can make myself get up early when needed. But most mornings I need the alarm or I will sleep until noon. So I got up and sat on the bed for a few minutes feeling dumb. I hate it when I do things like that.
After I got dressed, I went downstairs to the office and checked the messages. I could see Erin had already come and gone while I slept away the morning. She had work that took her out of the office that day. Not so long ago, we lived together and almost got married, so she knows my habits. Erin set the timer on the coffee machine to the exact time she knew I would wake up, and left a couple of donuts for me. I carried the coffee and donuts to the car and drove out to the Baxter farm.
When I pulled up to the Baxter house, I found myself in front of a nicely preserved 19th Century farmhouse. It had a wrap-around front porch and an oversized porch swing, and I could imagine generation after generation of Baxters taking their ease in the summer, drinking lemonade while watching the fireflies drift upward over the lawn from the porch swing. It seemed peaceful and quiet, not the sort of place youd expect anything violent to happen. In a few minutes of standing on the porch, I wanted to stay and never leave. I could see why Erin wanted to see the Baxters keep the place. I wouldnt want to lose it either, or even see somebody else lose it.
I searched around the doorway, but didnt find a doorbell. So I knocked, and in a few moments, Stephanie met me at the door. She wore jeans and a white mens dress shirt. The shirt seemed too big for her, and almost looked like a dress. With her hair pulled back in a bun, and that oversized white shirt she looked a bit like a 19th century farm wife. She had a little four-year-old girl with her and held another child in her arms.
The youngest one, the newborn, was Joe Holmans son. I wondered if the man cared he had a kid out there in this world. He probably didnt care at all. His kind never does. I didnt know it yet, standing there on the porch, but I would eventually learn this poor kids father was far worse than either his mother or I imagined. In fact, everything we thought we knew about Joe Holman and this case would soon change.
Stephanie took the kids in the other room, and a moment later, she came out to join me on the front porch. I asked her about David McKay, and she said she didnt know what happened to him. Stephanie said she suspected he left with Joe Holman, because the two of them started hanging around together right before they both disappeared. She sounded angry. Both the Baxter girls had reason to sound angry. The men they loved betrayed them, and took advantage of them. Worse than that, they stole from them and left them twisting in the wind. It looked like McKay and Holman used the Baxter girls just to get their hands on what Tom Baxter left buried on the farm. Being treated that way tends to make people angry, so the undertone of anger I heard in Stephanies voice made sense. I would feel angry too. Stephanie said the only thing missingother than the unknown stolen itemon the day Joe Holman disappeared was his pickup truck and the belongings he brought with him.
At first we thought something happened to them both, Stephanie said. We wanted to believe they had a good reason for disappearing, but eventually we figured it out. Joe Holman went away on his own and didnt want anybody to find him. Or at least he didnt want us to find him. I guess its the same story with David.
Stephanie didnt give me very much useful information. Mostly she just sounded angry. Just like Cindy, the man she thought loved her had abandoned her. Or so it seemed. Later we discovered that while David McKay was an accomplice, he was also a victim. We just didnt know it yet.
The task of finding Joe Holman, and recovering whatever he took from the Baxters, was all mine. Before I went off looking for Joe Holman, I wanted to figure out what he took. Its hard to recover an item, when you dont know what to look for. So I started with an inspection tour of the holes the man dug while he searched the farm. Even if whatever he took was already gone, it might give me some idea what I should try to find. Stephanie gave me directions and a hand-drawn map of the farm with the holes Joe Holman made marked on it. She loaned me their ATV and I went around looking at all of them.
The hole where the storage shed used to stand was the deepest and largest. Holman pulled the storage shed down, but then left the debris just sitting there half thrown into the hole. At the time, he told the Baxter girls he intended to build a bigger shed. Of course he didnt. He simply left the debris in the hole he created.
I ran the metal detector around the hole, but came up with nothing. No precious metals anyway, which would make sense if Joe Holman took it with him. I hoped maybe he left at least a scrap I might find. Even the smallest piece might tell me what the man had stolen.
Searching the holes took a lot of time, and I burned through most of the day doing it. I paid dearly for oversleeping. I got a late start, and as the summer-time heat started to build, it caused me a little suffering. By late afternoon the humidity and heat took a toll. I was drenched with sweat and worn out.
Since I didnt know what Holman took, I also didnt know if my metal detector would even work. It might not be made of metal in the first place. I poked around inside the holes, but never found anything. He used a towable backhoe he pulled behind his truck for most of the digging, and I could still see the shovel marks around the edge of the holes. I guessed from the equipment he used, whatever he found out there was buried deep. At the end of my first day of searching, I didnt find one single thing to help me figure out what I was looking for. I felt tired and worn out from working in the heat, and I felt hungry too. When I saw how late it was, I decided to stop for the day.
On the way back to Stevensburg, I stopped for something to eat and went to Clares. I dont get out to Templeton very often, but when I do, I always stop at Clares. Its kind of a classy greasy-spoon style restaurant with a lot of character. Most of the locals hang out here, so I decided to sit at the lunch counter and see if any of the regulars knew much about the Baxter place. I didnt try to hide my purpose. I left out the part about anything being stolen, but just flat out told them I was working for Cindy Baxter. One of the older guys at the counter just down from me overheard the conversation and told me something useful.
I went to high school with Tom Baxter, the man said. And he was always into something. I dont exactly mean like a gangster. He didnt run drugs, but he never passed up a chance to make a buck, even if it involved something shady.
Some of the others at the counter nodded their heads in agreement. I leaned out a little bit so I could see the man better. The people between us offered to trade places with me so I could talk to him, and I moved down to sit next to him.
He wasnt a killer or anything, the man continued. But he wasnt particular about how he made his money either. He ran stolen black-market goods from the Army back during the war. I dont know if its true, but thats what everyone said. The talk around town had it that Tom Baxter made his money in the black-market and sold machine parts he filched off the army. He was a supply sergeant or something like that and he developed sticky fingers.
I pressed him for details, but the man wouldnt budge, and kept insisting it was just rumor, even though he took it seriously. I still didnt know what I was looking for exactly, but if it involved buried army property that opened up a whole range of possibilitiessome of them lethal. Maybe he just lifted a few machine parts, but he might have helped himself to a few grenades and god only knew what to go with them. Suddenly I didnt like the idea of poking around all those holes Joe Holman left on the Baxter farm.

The next day I went back to searching the holes. I tried to go in the same order my suspect created them, but had to leave the first hole for last. I didnt find it right away. In total, I had ten holes to search on the map Cindy drew for me. She told me she just guessed at the order he dug them, and didnt know about all of them until after he disappeared. Both girls said they didnt even know if they found them all.
Around mid-morning, I discovered a spectator at one of the holes. I looked up, and saw a truck parked along the top of the hill. It was red with a distinctive black stripe down the side. I heard the brakes squeal, and then looked as the driver parked the truck. This particular hole lay midway between the crest of the hill and the bottom. From that distance, I couldnt see the face sitting behind the wheel, but his presence didnt seem right. He could have been anybody. He could have been just some kid out looking for a back way into the river. The underage crowd gathered at the bridge to get drunk and they cut across the Baxter property to get there. Cindy told me they used to fight them and put the fences back, but finally they gave up and just let them come and go. I didnt know how much of a threat that truck really was, but it made me nervous. Somebody we assumed to be Joe Holmanor a hired thug working for himhad already attacked Cindy Baxter. I stopped working and just watched the truck. I had my .45 with me and I put my hand on it while I watched. After a few minutes of staring each other down, the driver started up the truck and left. If he came out here to watch me, he didnt see much. All he saw was a sweaty man poking around a hole, running a metal detector across the ground. I probably ought to have gone up the hill and confronted him, but I didnt. I just watched him until he got bored and decided to leave.
I phoned Cindy to check on her. I didnt mention the truck, and after a few minutes of talking, I decided he hadn't gone to the Baxter house. And he was probably just a kid looking for a path to the river. I relaxed a little and went back to work. Eventually I figured out I was wrong about the guy in the truck. Later on, the man would cause me a lot of trouble. He just didnt cause trouble right then.
I stopped my search at the last hole. Just like Cindy said, you could tell somebody buried something there. You could also tell somebody came and dug it out of the ground. It looked different from the other holes. The tire tracks and drag marks were worn now, but the tires left a very deep impression in the ground and the heat and sunlight had baked them solid. If you knew to look for them, you could still see drag marks in the dirt. Somebody dragged something heavy across this patch of ground. I still didnt know what Joe Holman and David McKay found and removed from the Baxter farm. But I felt pretty certain they found it here.
Although I tried to go in the same order my suspect created them, I hadn't yet searched the first hole. When I finished searching the last hole, I went looking for the first hole again. It took me the better part a whole other day to find it. I rode the ATV right past it several times and never saw the thing. I went back to the house for better directions a couple of times, but that didnt help either. Cindy Baxter told me they found that one only because they happened to see Holman going to and from it one day right before he left. Cindy said something that seemed strange at the time. She said when they caught Holman out there near that hole he seemed nervous and denied it even existed. Later that comment would make more sense. Eventually I found it deep in the woods along the river. I pushed my way through the dense vegetation until I finally reached the spot. Cindy told me she only saw this hole twice. She saw it first when she confronted Joe Holman about it, and then right after he disappeared and she went looking for him.
I wish Id found the first hole earlier. It provided my first serious evidence. It didnt help me figure out what Holman and McKay had stolen, but it definitely provided some major evidence. When I got there, I knew something was different. I found a horde of flies swarmed all over the dirt at the bottom of the hole. And the smell of death came up from it. I shut the four-wheeler off and stood there looking down into the pit. I knew what I would find. I just didnt want to go down there and confirm it.
I took a few careful steps, and used the shovel to brush aside the dirt. The killer hadn't buried the body deep, and the first movement of soil exposed a leg. The body had been down there for a long time. It hadn't completely decayed down to the bone. Instead, it kind of shriveled up and turned black. The leg didnt look normal any more, but it was clearly a leg. I stopped digging, and climbed out of the hole. I took out my cellphone and called the Moreau County Sheriffs Office. I told them what I found and then waited.
While I waited, I climbed back into the pit and brushed away a little more of the dirt. I exposed his face and part of his lower torso. The body lay on its side, so I could reach into his back pocket and remove his wallet without moving the corpse. I took out his drivers license. David H. McKay, it said. The autopsy would make the cause of death official, but he had a very obvious bullet hole in the center of his forehead. I looked through the wallet and found $140 in cash, so robbery was not the motive. I put the wallet back and climbed back out of the pit. I got out the metal detector and scanned around the edge of the pit until I came across the spent shell casing. I read the caliber. Whoever killed David McKay sent him to the other side with a .32 automatic.
I found David McKay, Stephanies missing boyfriend, and it made me wonder how she would take the news. When she talked about him earlier, she sounded angry and hateful. She felt absolutely certain David McKay and Joe Holman both ran off together with whatever they found. But he hadn't. He was a murder victim. The killer probably persuaded David McKay to join him, and then killed him when he found whatever Tom Baxter buried on his farm. Both the Baxter girls described Joe Holman as a slight man. He probably needed McKay for the heavy lifting, and got rid of him when he didnt need his labor anymore.

Buff Tomber, the sheriff of Moreau County, arrived within a few minutes after my phone call. We knew each other, so we both sort of nodded in greeting but didnt talk much. Buff became sheriff right after his brother Herb Tomber died in office. Somehow, the office of sheriff had become hereditary in Moreau Countythe folks elected Buff the next year. And they reelected him every year since. Most years he ran unopposed, but even when somebody ran against him he won with a landslide.
The first thing you learn about Buff is he never talks. He walked over to the pit, looked down into it then came and asked me few pointless questions about the weather and about some game on television. I hadn't seen the game, so he switched to talking about fishing. That ended his efforts at conversation. The rest of the time, he just stood around silent as a stone waiting for his deputies to arrive. We didnt have long to wait. Within a few minutes, the place was crawling with cops.
Obviously, they wanted to know what I was doing there, and I told them what I could. I said I worked for the Baxter girls, and they wanted me to help recover some stolen property. When they pressed for details, I said I couldnt reveal that unless my client said I could. That irritated them, but they accepted my answer. I knew they would ask again, and probably not so politely either. When they were done asking me questions, I asked if anybody told Stephanie about the body yet. They said a deputy had already told her, so I decided to return to the farmhouse. I really didnt want to tell her about David. The fewer times I have to break news like that to people, the better.

When I got back to the house, I found Stephanie in tears. She clearly felt guilty for all the horrible things she assumed about David when he disappeared. I hate killing in all its forms. But nothing makes me hate murder more than watching the aftermath. Killers not only destroy the victim, they destroy the victims family and friends too. A murder is a lot like throwing a rock into a pond. It makes ripples out from the killing across scores of lives. I stood there watching and listening to Stephanie and wondered how far the waves from this one would stretch.
I listened in as the cops questioned Stephanie, but didnt learn anything. I didnt suspect Stephanie of anything, and I dont think they did either. I guess I should say all but one. A single cop by the name of Howard Greene had other ideas about the Baxter girls. But more about him later.
I went outside to sit on the porch. Just as I sat down on the porch swing Buff Tomber climbed up to the front steps. He walked up to me and said I might want to go back to the crime scene and have a look at what they found.
We found another body down there, Buff Tomber said. We found him buried right underneath that first guy.
I followed Buff back out to the crime scene and watched as they finished sifting through the area around the body. Buff extended a hand and helped one of the men haul himself up out of the pit. The man came out of the hole brushing his hands and knocking the dirt off his clothing. I looked down inside the hole and saw them working on pulling the second body out of the ground. The technicians worked carefully making sure not to disturb anything. As they removed the dirt around the body, they handed up bags full of dirt to another technician who sifted it through a sieve looking for evidence. He stopped for a moment and took out a handful of coins. He counted them.
The guy had 47-cents on him, he said as he counted the coins. A quarter, two dimes, and two pennies.
The technician held one of the pennies up to the light for a moment. I watched him turn it over in his hand, and then show it to another technician. He did the same thing, then wrote a few notes, and dropped it in the bag with the other coins. The cops had the second body almost completely dug up. The body decayed down almost to the skeleton. Even his clothes had dissolved. The coins they found in the dirt around the body had probably once been in his pocket. Down in the hole, the deputies and technicians were handing bagged items back and forth. They spoke in low tones and occasionally nodded toward the body in the pit.
Unfortunately, nothing they found seemed especially amazing. Other than the coins, the only other evidence they found besides the two bodies were the spent shell casings and bits of clothing. I noticed that they had two .32 shell casing among the bags sitting on the table. Like I said, they didnt have much. The killer left very little in the way of evidence. The only other thing that looked promising was a bag full of cigarette butts. If they came from the killer it might provide a DNA match, but just as likely, they belonged to one of the victims.
A few minutes after I got there, they started to carry David McKays body out of the woods. The police lifted his body on the back of a four-wheeler to carry it down to where a van waited to take it to the morgue. I walked up and got a closer look at the second body. The face had decayed down to bone. He was a faceless skull wearing rotted jeans, the remains of a heavy winter coat, and boots.
We didnt find any ID on him, Buff Tomber said. I hoped you might recognize him. He has a hole in his forehead the same size as the other guy. The lab guys will make it official, but it looks like the same gun.
I have no idea who that guy is, I said, wondering how he expected me to identify a body with no face. One skull with empty eyeholes tends to look a lot like every other skull with empty eyeholes. The dead all look alike after a while.
I hung around the crime scene until I felt certain I wouldnt learn anything new that night. On my way back home, I stopped at the farmhouse and said good-bye to the Baxter girls. I asked if they needed anybody to stay with them, but they both said they would be fine alone. So I left them and returned home. Along the way, I passed the same truck that stopped to watch me from the hilltop. I saw him sitting parked at an intersection with a side road. The man settled in behind me just as I went through the intersection. I looked back in the mirror, but couldnt get a look at his face. Sometimes he followed right on my bumper, but then hed drop back. I accelerated to 90 MPH and the truck stayed right with me, then when I let the speed drop back to the limit, he dropped back with me. It looked like he intended to just follow me, and not catch me. I decided to lose him anyway.
I go through a lot of cars, but I prefer police-model Dodge Chargers. I send mine off to a shop for a few modifications to make them even faster, but even plain factory models can catch almost everything on the road. Cops use them for a reason. I accelerated up to 120 and saw him still back there behind me. He dropped farther back as I accelerated. When I got far enough ahead, I doubled back and came straight toward him. I didnt plan to run him off the road. I just wanted a look at his face, but that didnt happen. I made a nice high-speed J-turn and came back, but the truck vanished. I drove up and down the same stretch of highway and never found it again.
Whoever he was, he didnt want me to see him. I wondered about that for a moment. He considered it more important to go undetected, and unrecognized, than following me and seeing where I went. Then, of course, maybe it really was just a kid out driving who wanted to race against me. I doubted that, but I couldnt eliminate it either.
When I got to The Castle, the first thing I did was get a couple of Dos Equis out of the fridge and sit back thinking. In addition to hunting for something without knowing what, I now had two murders to investigate.

It didnt take long to identify the second body because the state already had his DNA on file. The man was a former guest of the state prison system. The name that came back was none other than Joe Holman. So far, all my hard work had only made things nice and confused; my suspect suddenly became a victim. Now I not only didnt know what he stole from the Baxter farm, I no longer had a suspect either, at least not one with a name. My suspect by the name of Joe Holman suddenly became a John Doe. As this thing went on, I discovered a long list of aliases the man used so he stayed John Doe most of the time. Now and then, I called him by one of his aliases, but he stayed a John Doe almost up to the end.
Jack Mason called me with the identity of the second body, and also passed long the bad news about the cigarette butts. They came back with a DNA match, but it just matched back to Joe Holman. Jack also gave me some information about Holman. He had a list of known acquaintances and family for me. I love having friends on the force, and I ought to start tipping Jack for the stuff he throws my way. The first person I went to go talk to was Holmans sister. When I went to see her, I found her working outside in her garden in the backyard. Nobody answered the front door, but I found a note stuck to the glass that said to look for her around back. So I went around and knocked at the gate. Belinda Holman came to the gate and let me inside. We talked while she continued weeding and working in her flower garden.
The autopsy report said he had been dead for at least a year, so I asked her why she didnt report him missing. The woman looked thoughtful for a moment before she answered. The question obviously bothered her.
I used to do that every time he vanished. But I stopped years ago because it was normal for him to disappear, she said. Joe would vanish for months or years at a time and not bother telling us where he went. Im the only family Joseph has now, but he tends to wear out a persons welcome. I hate to sound insensitive, but he makes it hard to act like family toward him sometimes.
I asked her if Joe ever joined any kind of gang, or organization. She said Joe never seemed much like the type to join anything, especially a gang. When I mentioned Tom Baxter and asked if Joe ever mentioned him in his letters to her, she paused and looked thoughtful again. A moment later, she added a few comments about Holmans relationship with Tom Baxter.
I do recall him mentioning Tom Baxter in one of his letters, she said. But I dont think he said anything about smuggling or a gang. He just said he and Tom Baxter planned to start a business with his two daughters and live like kings. The thing is other people have such an easy time making Joseph do what they want him to do. Thats how he ended up in prison, he just fell in with the wrong crowd, and they convinced him to go along with some crazy bank robbery scheme. Of course, when the law came down on them, his so-called friends all left Joseph holding the bag. He was the only one who went to prison. The other two never spent a day in jail. Honestly Joseph wasnt a bad person, he was just dumb.
Was there anybody else he might have corresponded with, I asked.
Not that I know of, she said. In the last few years we grew a lot more distant. I stopped visiting him in prison several years ago, and just wrote letters. I even let the letters drift into kind of a formality. I think all of us failed Joseph somehow. None of us knew what to do. We wanted to help, but just didnt know how.
I learned a lot from Joe Holmans sister. He sounded like the perfect person to turn into a pigeon. He had easy mark written all over him. Somebody must have done exactly that, and used him to get access to Tom Baxters buried loot. John Doe got ahold of him and persuaded him they were best friends. So Joe Holman put all his trust in this person, and ended up dead.
I wrote down a few notes from my conversation with Holmans sister for my file on the Baxter case and started driving over to the Baxter farm. Jack got me a copy of Holmans last ID photo from prison, and I wanted to show them the picture of the real Joe Holman. When I got there, I pulled it up on my cellphone and showed it to Cindy.
Not even close, Cindy said. The man I thought was Joe Holman had fine, delicate features. This guy looks almost like a Neanderthal.
Now my murder suspect had something in common with the stolen property. I had no idea who or what it was. They were both just a mysterious blank. When this case started, I thought I knew at least the name of my suspect. Now I didnt have even that, and he had changed from a suspected thief into a suspected killer.
Considering I might never see a penny for this case, I gave serious though to dropping it right then. If I never recovered whatever the killer removed from the Baxter farm, then Id never see a paycheck. At the time, I still didnt know what it was or how much money it would bring. Right then it really looked like Id never see a penny for my efforts, and I considered dropping the case. But I didnt. The thing already had me hooked, and when that happens I find it hard to quiteven when I should.
I had another complication. When this case started, the Moreau County Sheriffs Department had control of it. No problem there really, I dont have the same inside advantage with them I do the Stevensburg PD, but I can work with Buff Tomber. Then I found out the Templeton Police Department took over the case.
The problem was Howard Greene, the towns only homicide detective, really didnt like me very much at all. The whole thing went back to a quote in the newspaper. A reporter got a quote out of me when I was in a bad mood. Years earlier Howard Greene handled a murder investigation that never resulted in an arrest and the victims family hired me to work on it. The media suddenly got all interested in the case, so the reporter gets ahold of me, and in my foul mood, I said something about the Templeton PD being just a bunch of hicks and one-bullet Barneys. My comment didnt go over too well with the folks in Templeton. They really didnt like being compared to Mayberrys most famous deputy. Thats been years ago now, and the other officers have forgotten about it, but not Howard Greene. He still has a grudge. Plus a lot of other stuff has piled on over the years, and now the two of us just dont like each other. I would try to make peace with the man, but I dont know how. The last time we crossed paths on an active murder investigation, he arrested me, and I spent almost a week in the county lockup. No, we definitely dont get along.
So when I called to ask Buff for an update, he told me they handed it over to the Templeton PD. I kind of cringed and cursed a little when he said that. Buff laughed when he heard my reaction. In addition to all his other odd habits, he has a strange sense of humor. He likes watching me get into tangles with Greene. I got lucky on one thing. Greene wasnt investigating the stolen goods so much as the murders. The difference amounted to hairsplitting, but I hoped it might keep us out of each others way. The Baxter girls hired me to find the stolen goodswhatever they might turn out to benot to investigate a murder. I didnt really think it would keep us out of each others way for very long, but I still hoped it would. I didnt know it yet, but this case would throw me up against Howard Greene nice and hard. It made for some complicated and dangerous work.



Chapter 5


The killer planned to murder one of the girls, and decided to try something new this time. The three were on a road trip through the southwest and stopped at a McDonalds. He left both girls asleep in the RV while he went inside for breakfast. While he waited for the clerk to hand him his order, he debated back and forth between the two girls. Eventually they would both die, but he hadn't decided which one would die first. In addition to still debating between the two girls, he had yet to decide how he would kill them. The man took the bag with his order from the clerk and started walking back to the RV.
The killer found a source of inspiration from a box of guttering nails somebody left behind in the parking lot. He almost tripped over the box on his way back to the RV. The man stumbled slightly and spilled a little of his coffee on his arm and hand, scalding himself slightly. He started to kick the box out of his way, but then picked it up and admired the nails. They looked long and painful. They gave him ideas. He supposed they fell off a truck, but how they got into the parking lot didnt really matter. What mattered most was how the box of nails fired his imagination. He carried the box back to the RV he shared with Amber and Eva, turning ideas and visions over and around in his head. The issue he debated as he walked the final few feet to the RV was which lucky girl would get nailed. The killer smiled at his little joke about getting nailed.
He wondered what it would feel like to stick the girls with them, and use the entire box. It sounded like fun, filling a girl with 100 nails, each almost a foot long, one at a time that way. He debated between the two girls. At first, he decided to kill Amber with the nails for the simple reason he really didnt need her anymore. He had her money and her property, so she had nothing left he could take. Nothing that is, except her life. The killer decided not to use the nails on Amber, but not out of kindness. He wanted to entertain himself with her a little longer. When he grew bored with her, then he would kill her. The killer decided to use the nails on the other girl, the one named Eva Prince.
He decided her fate in the few seconds it took him to walk back to the RV. He would kill them both, but not at the same time and not right away. The killer decided he didnt really need Eva anymore, besides he had known her for several years and she knew too many details about him. He feared she might share that information with the police. The woman was literally a whore, and to the killer it seemed like she cared about absolutely nothing other than money. The killer found it easy to believe she would sell him out to the police for a few dollars. The killer decided, even though he found her useful, she simply knew too much about his other life. The grand plan called for leaving no trace once he transitioned into his new life. Eva represented a major trace the police could follow if they ever found her and persuaded her to talk. He couldnt allow that, so he picked her as the lucky girl. He would nail her first.
Not long after he left Cindy, he paid a visit to Ambers home in northern Moreau County. The three of them had spent several days together in the time since he left the Baxter farm. The girl lived alone in the house her parents left her. Amber burned through most of her inheritance to subsidize her party-girl lifestyle. The killer arrived with a large supply of cocaine, just the sort of thing a bored party girl living all alone in rural Moreau County needed. The killer brought more than a bag full of drugs to help him keep Amber under his control. He also brought Eva with him.
He liked Eva, but not as a person. The killer didnt really like anybody as a person. He liked people only if they had some use for him. That made Eva one of his favorite people because she made herself useful when he needed to recruit another victim. Girls tended to trust her, so he used her to gain Ambers trust when he finally met her in person. Eva cleaned up well, and in the right clothes, never looked like a hooker.
The killer always kept girls like Eva around. He called them Judas girls. Eva made her feel safe in his presence. She let her guard down and accepted his gift of cocaine and other drugs. In only a few days, he kept Amber so strung out she agreed to everything he asked. She even agreed to sign her property over to him for a dollar, and to empty her accounts. She gave him everything. Eva persuaded Amber to do that, she seemed so trustworthy and good. In her drug-addled state, Amber never noticed it was all an act and that Eva was really just a puppet under the killers control.
She also never noticed Eva had fallen just as far under the killers spell as she had. In reality, when she wasnt around the killer, Eva wasnt such a bad person. If you could forget how she earned her money and paid the rent, she made good company. The killer completely controlled Eva, and would soon control Amber the same way.
Eva made herself useful in another way, she was a hooker. He never really had to force her to do anything, no matter how perverse. He only had to ask, and she did what he wanted. She liked pain. Pain turned her on, even when he drew blood and left bruises. He liked that, but at the same time, he slowly grew bored with her.
Eva had already served her purpose in gaining control over Amber. He controlled Amber now, and left her nearly penniless. The killer added up the value of what he had. He had a failing business he planned to sell back home at an inflated price, he had the loot he removed from the Baxter farm, and he had Amber Mercers inheritance. True she already spent most of it subsidizing her lifestyle, but it still amounted to several thousand dollars. Now that he had cleaned out her accounts, he no longer needed her. She survived only because he wanted to keep playing with her a little longer. The killer enjoyed his games. Sadly, neither girl understood the game he played with them. It was a game they would both lose. Both girls were his type, blonde and skinny, but Eva bored him now. The thrill was gone. Eventually he would kill them both, but Eva became the first one to lose the game.
The killer set the nails back in the bedroom in the back corner of the RV. He started it up and began driving again. They were most of the way across Arizona now on their way back from a music festival. The killer brought both girls along, thinking he could use them to recruit girls at the concerthe liked them young. The plan worked. He had three girls in the four days of the concert. They ran away every time, frightened at the games he played in the back quarter of the RV. He frightened them, but none of them died. For some reason he couldnt explain, the girls didnt give him the thrill he expected. He had sex with them, roughed them up, and frightened them, but he didnt kill them. He hadn't killed for a long time, not a girl anyway. His last two killsthe two bodies he left behind on the Baxter farminvolved only about business, not pleasure. The killer hadn't killed simply for the sake of killing in a very long time. The killer didnt know why he hadn't killed the three girls he found at the concert, but maybe it didnt matter. He could find others. The old longing to watch a girl die returned as he thought about Eva and Amber. He decided he had denied himself the pleasure of killing too long. Besides, he already regretted not killing the Baxter girls. Letting them live complicated his plans, and got Led Sinclair on his tail. He tried to fix his mistake with the various hitmen he sent back to Moreau County, but they all failed. The killer would not repeat the mistake of letting another girl live, and he would do the job himself.
A few hours after leaving the McDonalds, the killer drove the RV off the interstate and onto the back roads. He knew the perfect place to stop long enough to kill Eva and leave her body. The roads he took the RV on exacted a price on the driver and the vehicle. The RV wasnt designed for roads like this, and it rocked from side to side now and then as he negotiated his way around several tight curves and obstacles. Eventually he reached the place. The killer stopped underneath a broken Indian in front of an abandoned motel in the middle of the desert. Both girls were asleep in the back. The killer went inside. He stopped for a moment and looked down at them. The man considered once again that maybe he should kill them both. He hesitated for a moment, but stuck with his decision to let Amber live just a little longer. He wasnt done playing with her.
The killer rolled Amber out of bed and told her to go sit on the couch behind the drivers seat. Eva started to wake up and looked at the killer wondering what he wanted. He pushed the door shut and got the nails out. He ordered her to strip, and then tied her wrists and ankles to the bed frame. They played games like this before, so she didnt resist. In fact, she became aroused. Then he held the first nail up where she could see it.
The girl looked frightened and her eyes widened. She knew what he intended, but she had allowed him to tie her up. The girl was helpless. Eva watched as he pressed the nail against the skin of her stomach and winced in pain as it broke her skin. She groaned in pain as the killer shoved the foot-long nail into her. The girls arms and legs pulled against the restraints as she tried to double over in pain. The killer knew the pain aroused her.
He knew the girl loved the pain, but he also knew she felt very afraid. He could see the fear in her face. She knew he would kill her. For a few moments the fear, arousal, and pain all mixed into one thing. Then the fear took control. The arousal was real, but also fading away as she realized what he intended to do. Eva wanted to escape. All she wanted to do was get away from the monster she allowed to tie her up, but she could not. She pulled and jerked against the restraints. The killer took out the second nail, and held it to her face. The he pushed it through her arm. The nail went between the radius and ulna in her lower arm, until it protruded through both sides. The feelings of arousal gave way to a simple focus on fear. Eva simply wanted to live. She did not want this monster to kill her. She wanted to survive.
The girl started to scream, but the killer shoved a gag into her mouth, and then tightened a cord around her mouth and neck. The killer watched the girls reaction change, and saw her look of fear. He regretted he could only kill Eva Prince once. He would enjoy this. The killer took out a third nail. He looked around her body spread out before him and then selected another spot. He worked slowly, making sure not to shove them into her chest just yet. That might cause her to die quickly, and he wanted her to suffer. After she got a good look at it and saw how long it was, he wrapped his hand around the head of the nail. He let the point stick through his fist. The killer pushed the third nail slowly into a spot near her hip. He had a box of 100 to go through, and this was only the beginning.
The killer used up all 100 nails, and turned Eva Prince into a kind of human pincushion. He thought the girl still managed to look almost pretty that way. It took him a few minutes to notice the girl died. He was too preoccupied with pressing another nail into her to notice she stopped moving, and no longer groaned when he pushed the nail into her. The killer felt almost depressed when she died. Killing for sport had a down side; you could only kill them once. No matter how much fun a kill provided, he could only kill them once and then carry the memory of it forever. He went to the front of the RV, took out his notebook, and wrote down the date and a few other details. The killers notebook chronicled all his kills and went back decades. Now he had one more task left, he needed to hide Evas body.
The killer didnt worry when Amber saw him carry her body out of the RV, or watched him bury her body near the foot of the broken concrete Indian. He knew he had no reason to worry about Amber. She was still strung out, and wouldnt remember much of what she saw. The killer also knew Amber herself would die soon, so it wouldnt matter if she saw him bury the body. Once they returned to Moreau County, he would kill her.

The return to Moreau County almost didnt happen. The trip into the back roads badly damaged the RV. Along the way back to the highway, the engine started making noises and by the time, he reached the Interstate the RV was limping along and blowing smoke. The machine made all sorts of ear-splitting noises and smoke began billowing out of the engine. After a few miles, it simply stopped running. The killer phoned for a tow and waited. When she awoke, Amber sat next to him in the passenger seat. Curiously, she didnt seem to even notice Eva was missing. Finally, she asked him where Eva went.
The killer looked at her for a moment while he thought of an answer. He wondered if she really had forgotten what he did with her. The killer decided Amber really didnt remember any of it.
She decided to go stay in Phoenix with friends. She left on her own, he said at last.
Ok, Amber said.
The killer watched her face for a few minutes, still wondering if Amber had even the slightest clue what really happened to Eva. The girl had, after all, seen and heard most of what he did to her. He supposed she didnt. Amber seemed to accept his answer, and a moment later went back to bed and fell asleep again.
A few minutes after Amber returned to bed, the tow arrived and hauled the RV to a place called Big Yelos RV and Repair. It had an enormous yellow RV mounted on a pole out front. The killer left the RV along with phony contact information. He really didnt plan to return for the RV, but he had learned in a lifetime of putting up a front not to do anything that drew attention or made people think things werent normal. People dont just abandon high-dollar vehicles, so he made them think he and Amber would return for it. Before he left, he cleaned up the back quarters of the RV. It took him five hours, but when he finished he left no visible sign a murder occurred. He had, however, left hidden bloodstains down around the edge of the floor. He couldnt see them, but they were there nonetheless.

The killer carried Amber inside the motel when he stopped halfway between Moreau County and their last stop in Arizona. Amber woke up in the motel room, but never noticed the change in her surroundings. She had sex with him, but never seemed to notice they were no longer in the RV. They stopped their lovemaking for a few moments, and Amber climbed out of bed. She stood naked looking out the motel window, and to the killers amusement, asked how much farther he planned to drive. She turned and looked at him and asked in all seriousness, is Eva driving right now? If youre here who has the wheel? The killer pushed her back into bed.
It occurred to him this would be the perfect time to kill her. She would hardly even know what happened. At this moment, he had Amber pumped so full of drugs she would never even understand death was coming. But he didnt. If she didnt know it was coming, she would not feel afraid and that would defeat the purpose. He wanted her to feel afraid, so he decided to wait.
The killer handed her a towel to clean herself off with, and then climbed into bed beside her and simply fell asleep. He still wanted to kill her, but the feeling slowly drifted away as he fell into a deep sleep.
Amber still had a vague understand of anything happening around her. She still thought they were in the RV, and Eva was driving. During the night, she saw visions of Eva and spoke to her. Strangely, the girl in Ambers visions never spoke back to her. She only stared back at her silently as Amber tried to talk to her. Eventually she vanished into the thin air of her imagination, and Amber fell asleep.
In the morning, they resumed their journey back to Moreau County. Amber slept most of the way in the back seat of the rented car. The killer reached Moreau County and prepared to kill Amber. He took her into the near ruins of her parents home. Amber was awake now, but still confused and unsure about everything happening to her.
Amber felt so lethargic and tired from the drugs he gave her, she didnt resist when he started to kill her. The killer got a rope from the car and prepared to hang her. He wanted to watch Amber choke and strangle, so he hoisted her up from the floor. He let her dangle for a few moments. The strain of lifting her, even though Amber was a very small girl, stressed him greatly. The killer was not a strong man. He pulled harder at the rope, but it came untied and she fell to the floor. He started to haul her up again, but something stopped him. He didnt suddenly feel any kind of pity or sympathy for her, something else stopped him. The killer remembered how he killed the twelve back in the old days. A long time ago he left a group of men to die locked in a cellar. The thought of them perishing one by one down there as they ran out of food aroused and inspired him for months. The killer also once bricked a girl up alive inside a wall and left her to die. The man hadn't killed a person that way in long time. They must have all felt very afraid when they died. He wanted Amber to feel fear.
He would leave her bound in her own house to die alone without food and without company. He enjoyed killing the twelve that way. Even now, it gave him a thrill just to think of it. He didnt have the time or patience to brick her up inside a wall this time. Laying down that much brickwork would take too long.
And so he left her naked and chained to a wall. When he left, he emptied the last of the cocaine, the meth, and the weed remaining in his bags. The supply should keep her content and happy for a few weeks. He wondered how long it would take her to notice she had nothing to eat, no clothes, and no heat or air-conditioning in the house. Eventually she would feel very afraid, and she would die in fear and pain. He liked that. The man went out to the rental car still parked outside and drove away. The killer had a flight booked to carry him back to his other life.

Things didnt go exactly as the killer hoped when he left Amber chained to the wall. Just as he expected, Amber spent the first few days of her ordeal strung out and unaware of her situation. Most of the first week passed in a haze. She consumed nearly all of the drugs the killer left her with the idea of committing suicide. The attempt failed. She yearned for death, but she did not die. Amber felt nothing but terror and misery. Her heart pounded in her chest so hard and so fast she thought the birds flitting by the window could hear it. She expected to die, but never did. She felt disappointed.
Some of Ambers misery was mental, and some of it physical. Even in the warm of early fall, she felt cold at night. The room had only one window, and the glass was broken out near the bottom. It let the cold night wind in and splattered her when it rained. She shivered and shook at times, but remained just warm enough to survive. Then during the day, the sun would warm her back to life as it came in through the open window.
When the effect of the drugs wore off, Amber decided maybe she did want to live. The nights grew colder, and Amber knew she needed to keep warm or she would die. Then she had only one thoughtthe blanket. The killer left a blanket in the room, but not by design. The man simply never noticed it. If he had, the killer would have taken it. She knew the last few days shed been lucky. If the temperature dropped again, she might die of hypothermia.
She needed the blanket, but could not reach it because of the collar around her neck. She stretched for it with her arms and could not reach it. Finally, she lay on her back, and tried to reach it with her feet. The collar pressed hard against her neck and almost made her pass out, but she just managed to touch the blanket with a single toe. Yet she could not grab it. She could only touch the edge. She needed it to survive. Even in spring, the temperature plunged low enough to make her shiver and shake at night. Amber curled herself into a ball and rubbed herself to get warm. It made for a long and difficult night. She stared at the blanket and tried to think of ways to reach it. She tried again with her feet, but could not reach it. She strained against the collar around her neck, but to no effect. She could do no more than just brush the edge of the blanket with her toe. She could not endure another night of such cold. Amber knew about hypothermia, and she knew enough to understand how lucky the previous nights were. She looked around the room. Eventually she found a drinking straw discarded in the corner of the room. The straw gave her an idea. If she could get the straw under the edge of the blanket, she might use it to drag it close enough to get ahold of with her toes.
The entire room was covered with litter. In the time since her parents died, she had done nothing to keep the house clean. Bits of trash and discarded fast-food bags covered the far corner of the room. Most of it had become trapped in the corners. Just like the rest of the house, the room looked like a disaster.
This particular room even had a hole in the floor. The killer emptied a shotgun into the floor out of boredom one day just to see how large a hole he could make in the floor with a gun. Amber never gave much thought to the hole, but now it frightened her. She had to cross it to reach the straw. Amber had the idea she could hold the straw with her toes, and use it to drag the blanket toward her. Suddenly she became obsessed with fear she might drop the straw down the hole. Or that a sudden gust of wind might cause it to roll into the hole where she would never reach it.
That simple straw became a sign of hope, but also desperation. With her fixation on it, and on getting the blanket, the girl resolved she would live. Amber eventually grew to hate the man who did this to her. The girl who just a few days earlier tried to die from a binge of all the hard drugs the killer left behind, suddenly decided she wanted to live just to spite the man who left her to die. She wanted to reach that straw.
It cost her dearly. Amber stretched herself feet first across the hole in the floor, and grasped it with her toes and slowly pulled herself back to the corner. Doing so cut her legs, hips and back on the jagged edges of the hole. She bled badly for a few moments, and the collar cut into the edges of her jaw. Straining against the collar almost made her pass out, as it cut into her windpipe. But she grasped the straw tightly in her toes and pulled it back toward her. When she had it in her hands, she curled up with it and looked at it. Never, in her entire life, had she ever thought a simple drinking straw would matter so much. Suddenly her life depended on it. Her life also depended on whether the straw was really strong enough to let her poke one end of it into the cloth of the blanket and get it close enough she could grip it and pull it toward her.
Most of the day had already passed. The simple task of taking a blanket from the corner of the room had consumed almost all her waking hours. It seemed so simple. She only had to poke one end of the straw into the blanket and use it to drag the blanket just one tiny inch closer to her so she could grab hold of it with her toes. It sounded easy, but the chain fastened around her neck made it complicated, and painful. The planning and executing of the task required much from her, especially given how her mind still swirled from the after effects of her drug binge.
At first, the straw refused to cooperate. Each time she pushed the end of it into the cloth, the straw buckled and folded. It didnt seem like her brilliant idea would work after all, but the impending cold of night gave her incentive to think until she found a way to make it work. Amber folded the straw over to make it stronger, and pushed it down farther into the curl of her toes, bent her leg against the floor, and got the end of the straw under the blanket. The strain made her black out for a second. When she awoke, she thought for a moment she had lost the straw. The strain of the collar kept her from looking down to see if she still had it curled in her toes. She reached over with the other foot and felt for the straw, when she felt the other end of it still gripped tight she relaxed. She took a deep breath and went back to work. At last, she got the tip of the straw under the blanket and moved the edge just a little toward her. The difference amounted to less than an inch, but it was enough. Now she could grip the edge of the blanket with her toes and haul it toward her. She had it at last, and immediately wrapped herself in it and warmed herself.
The filthy blanket smelled stale and horrible, but it didnt matter. It would keep her warm and allow her to survive. That night, as the temperature dipped lower than ever, the blanket saved her life. She fell asleep shivering cold, thinking that this night would surely have killed her if not for the blanket.
Ambers struggle for the blanket happened at a good time. It occurred in the gap between her drug-induced haze and the onset of her fever and delirium. The cuts and scrapes along her back and legs became infected, and with the psychological strain of being alone, it caused the following days and weeks to blur into a kind of living nightmare.
In the first few days, the nightmare visions were of Eva. The girl came to Amber in living daylight visions that defied reason. Amber took the visions seriously and considered them real because people didnt dream with their eyes open, or in broad daylight.
When Eva came to her in her hallucinations, she looked just as she did the last time Amber saw her. Eva Prince came to her pierced with her 100 nails, and leaned over Amber during the day. Eva told her things, awful and beautiful things, she always forgot the next day. It seemed to Amber the girl wanted to tell her something important, but she never could understand exactly what. Those weird visions of Eva Prince gave her some strength, and it caused Amber to resolve over and over she would not die. She would not become a victim like Eva.
Most of the time, she saw Eva in her waking hours. But now and then Eva came to her while she slept. Sometimes she awoke to find Eva Prince standing over her. Sometimes the girl spoke to her, but she usually looked down at her, silent and mysterious. She had a pleading and desperate look on her face. It seemed like she wanted something. When Amber reached out to touch her, or spoke to her, the vision vanished and left her alone in an empty room.
As her ordeal went on, other people from Ambers past came to her. Her parents came and went through the visions that tormented her, as did visions of the killer. In the visions, he brought a giant suitcase full of methamphetamine, cocaine, heroin, and all the pleasure he gave her before he left her to die. But he also brought the pain, and the torment. At other times, her hallucinations involved the hole in the ground. She saw snakes, giant and monstrous, crawling out and toward her or up and toward the window.
In between the visions, Amber managed to occasionally eat. Her diet consisted of the animals that crawled out of the hole in the floormostly rats and mice. The snakes she thought she saw existed only in her mind, but she would have eaten them too had they been real. In her previous life of privilege and wealth, she would never have believed she would eat such things. She cooked them with the torch the killer left with the drugs. Just like the blanket, it was an unintentional tool he left for her survival.
Amber also discovered she could find water through the open window. She set the drinking cup that went with the straw that saved her life in the window and thus gathered just enough water to keep herself alive. The girl slowly discovered she had a greater will to survive and endure than she ever imagined.
Although she had enough to survive, it was only just enough to survive. As the days went by, Amber lost more and more weight and eventually came to resemble exactly what she wasa famine victim. A diet of random mice and rats will not keep a person alive forever, and she began to waste away. Already skinny and small, she soon reached a point of starvation bordering on death. She could no longer stand up and felt her heart beat harder and louder in her chest. At times, she wondered if she had already died and gone to some terrible corner of the afterlife. But the sun continued to rise, and then another day passed, and another, and another after the last one. Each time the sun came up Amber felt a slight sense of amazement she had not died during the night. She came very close to death, when a mans face appeared through the haze of hallucinations and dreams clouding her mind.
The man swept into the room with a gun drawn. At first, Amber ignored him, and mistook him for another strange vision passing through her mind. Except this one did not go away, and when she put her arms around him he did not vanish. The man leaned closer to her, covered her with the blanket and suddenly she heard a loud noise. It made her ears ring in pain. The gun, just like the man, was real. He used the gun to break the chain from the wall. She passed out again as the man carried her into the other room. She awoke as the man leaned over her. He said something to her, but she did not understand.
Wh . s  your  me? he seemed to say.
The man repeated the words again, but they still didnt make sense. Then at last, she understood. He was asking, what is your name? She told him, and then asked him his name. My name is Led Sinclair, she heard him say as she drifted away into blackness again. 



Chapter 6


I first heard about Howard Greenes interrogation of the Baxter girls indirectly. Cindy Baxter called Erin right after Greene left. I heard her talking to Cindy on the office phone and caught part of the conversation. Cindy was clearly angry, and so was her sister. For that matter, so was Erin.
After she got off the phone, Erin stormed around the office and slammed things down. She definitely didnt like Greene calling the Baxter girls murderers. It made me angry too, but I knew it wouldnt go anywhere. Because of that, I didnt worry too much. It would cause the Baxter girls a lot of headaches, but it would go away eventually.
Unfortunately, I needed to ask the Baxter girls a few unpleasant questions of my own. I hadn't yet asked them directly about their fathers alleged smuggling, but I needed to ask about it soon. I needed to know more than just that it existed. I needed details. Whatever the man who passed himself off as Joe Holman removed from the farm had something to with Tom Baxters shady past. He hid something there right before the state sent him to prison, and that something got David McKay and the real Joe Holman killed. The irony was, depending on what that something turned out to be, it might also make the Baxter girls very rich, save their farm from the bank, and guarantee them a bright future. It also depended on how much, if any of it, I could recover. If I couldnt catch my suspect quickly enough, he might spend it all and leave me nothing to recover.
The only thing I knew about what he took from the Baxter farm was it required two people to carry it to the truck, but it was small enough it only required one truck and one trip and did not require special equipment. Once he got it out of the ground and loaded onto the pickup truck, he could simply take off with it. So it was heavy, but not too heavy, and it was big, but not too big. Knowing all that really didnt help very much, but it did eliminate a few of the more outlandish possibilities involving military hardware or heavy weapons. Tom Baxter got it to his farm, and hid it there, without attracting attention. My suspect did the same thing when he stole it. He drove away with it in a common pickup truck, and generated no suspicion at all.
The case had my attention and aroused my curiosity. But by now I really didnt know if I wanted to continue with this thing. It seemed like such a fascinating challenge at first, but it just grew uglier with every passing day. Every time I thought about what I had ahead of me, it made me reconsider taking the case. I had no name for my suspect, and I had no idea what he took from the Baxter farm. Then the challenge of it would pull me right back into the case and get me working again. I did that a lot during the first few weeks I worked on this case. I went back and forth on this issue of whether I should keep working on it or not. In truth, it wasnt just the challenge. I liked the Baxter girls, and I honestly wanted to help them. The thing that bothered me was the case didnt seem any clearer as I worked on it. Instead everything got less clear with time.
The entire case had a layer of fog covering it. When I started this thing, at least my suspect had a name. Now he didnt even have a name, the entire case turned vague and dark. I started out thinking I only had to track down a man named Joe Holman. If I got lucky, then my investigation would amount to a slightly complicated bit of skip tracing. But nothing is ever that simple. My suspect for both the theft and the murders was a John Doe who had long since vanished. Neither I, nor anybody in law enforcement, knew who we were supposed to look for. Buff Tomber got an artists sketch of the man based on the Baxter girls description, but so far, it hadnt produced a single lead. Sketches rarely do.
So that morning, right after Erin got the phone call from Cindy about the case, I left for the Baxter farm. I told Erin I wouldnt return until late. Erin isn't always a lot of fun to be around when shes angry, so I was glad to leave. I did feel a little sorry for the people who called up before she had a little time to calm down.

When I returned to the Baxter farm, I needed to ask both the girls about their fathers past. Cindy and Stephanie both looked nervous and uncomfortable when I asked about the smuggling. They heard the rumors of course, and said the stories about Tom Baxters smuggling operation went back to when their mother was still living.
Those stories always made mom uncomfortable, Cindy said. But the money he sent home was just too much for a sergeant. We more or less knew there had to be an explanation.
In the story I got from them, life after the army didnt sit well with Tom Baxter. He only survived six months as a civilian before he got himself sent to prison. I never did figure out why Tom Baxter didnt cash in his loot right away. He probably just wanted to give himself time to think about how he wanted to use the money. Unfortunately, he never got a chance to spend any of it. Just months after his separation from the army, he started drinking too much, and eventually got into the fight that sent him to prison. The guy he knocked down in his last bar fight struck his head on the edge of a table and ended up a vegetable. The guy took up permanent residence at a nursing facility and would stay there until he died. After the fight, Tom Baxter swore off alcohol, but by then he had already ruined his life. He had a plan to bring his life back from the dead once he left prison, and it all centered around the goods he left buried on the farm.
I remember the conversation we had right before he went to jail, Cindy said. He gathered all of us in the front room and said he had something saved up he was sitting on, something big. He said when he got out of prison, he would cash it in and we would all live like kings. We didnt have the slightest idea what he meant. But I think Joe Holman, or whatever his name was, knew something we didnt.
It didnt immediately make sense. The criminal offence Tom Baxter went to prison for had nothing to do with his smuggling, but you never know what goes through a persons mind right before the government sends them away like that. Its especially hard after the person dies and you cant just go ask them. Tom Baxter died in prison of natural causes after a long illness. As his health deteriorated, he realized he would die in prison, so he confided in his cellmate Joe Holman. Tom Baxter's farm had a buried secret on it somewhere, and Joe Holman knew what it was. Joe Holman shared that secret with another person. That person killed him, assumed his identity and used it to gain the Baxter Girl's trust.

While we were talking about Tom Baxters smuggling days, a bill collector came to the door. He knocked and then just stood there waiting. I saw Cindy give Stephanie a look. The two knew who he was, and why he was there. Stephanie went to the door and let him in the house. The man wore a suit and tie, and looked like he was on some sort of official business. He represented the bank, and came to remind the Baxter sisters they were behind on their loan payments. They didnt have the money, and the man kept pressing them. He wanted to know when they would have it. He was a typical bill collector, insistent, rude, and totally unsympathetic. I found out later they simply stopped answering the phone, so as a result the bank started sending people to the house in person.
Im very sorry, the man said. But unless we receive payment the bank must begin foreclosure procedures.
The man seemed as polite about such a thing as a person could be, but its hard not to think evil about a man who makes his living delivering bad news like that. He went on his way. I watched him walk back to his car and drive away. The mans departure left a heavy silence in the room for a long time.
I started thinking if I knew anybody who could help them, but of course, I didnt. Millions of people out there pray for a miracle to come along and save them from foreclosure, homelessness, unemployment, or some other evil fate. Most of them dont get much help, and they dont get divine intervention either. Every week millions of desperate people buy a lottery ticket and pray for deliverance. The Baxter girls were no different. All I could do was track down my John Doe suspect and recover what he stole from them. With any luck, I could do it before the bank threw the Baxter girls off their own property. I had to find Tom Baxters secret. The thing he kept hidden away, protected from the authorities, knowing it would deliver him and his girls from poverty and maybe from evil too. It might have worked if he lived long enough to come home and claim it, but he didnt. He had no way of knowing both he and his wife would pass away before he served his time, or that an evil-minded stranger would latch onto his girls and his legacy.
I eventually broke the silence left by the bill collectors departure, and asked Cindy if she knew anybody who served with her father back during his army dayssomebody who would know what he might have buried on the farm. She didnt know any of his army friends, but she did recall the name of his old company commander. She said her father mentioned him frequently in his emails and phone calls. She gave me the name of a Captain Ronnie L. Hunt. I wrote it down and started on my way back to the office.

I didnt get very far down the road before I passed the same red and black truck I had seen before headed the other direction. His route would take him right to the Baxter farm. I knew that because it was the only farm along this road. I turned around and started back. The guy was flying down the road, and by the time I got the car turned around, I had no chance of catching up with him. He had too much of a lead on me.
He reached the farm right before I got there. I pulled up behind him and saw the man getting out of the truck with a rifle. He had an AK-47 and he started toward the front door with it. I carried my .45 with me, but nothing else, so I felt highly out gunned. The guy had a full-auto Kalashnikov and I just had a pistol. Granted a Colt 1911 is a pretty good pistol in a firefight, but not when the other guy has a full-auto assault rifle. I got out of the car and started after him. The guy saw me and let loose a burst of automatic rifle fire. He didnt bother to take aim at me; he just pointed it from the hip and opened fire. He missed me by a million miles. I shot back while I hit the dirt. My shot wasnt aimed either. I just wanted to make him keep his head down and throw him off target. Right then I didnt really have a plan. I just made it up as I went along. So we both missed each other by about a million miles. I was rolling around in the dirt beside my car getting ready to return fire, when one of the girls inside the house got involved.
In a second, I saw a rifle poke out one of the upstairs windows. Stephanie had some kind of deer rifle up there, and she shot the guy with it. He didnt go down. The guy just clutched his chest, and staggered back toward his truck. The shot hurt him, but didnt kill him. He obviously had a vest, so I took careful aim at his head. I shot him once. That time he went down. I got him through the left eye, and it blew out the back of his head. It made a gory mess all across the Baxters front yard.
A few minutes later, Cindy and Stephanie were outside with me. I asked them if he was the guy who claimed to be Joe Holman. They both said theyd never seen him before. A few minutes later, half the law enforcement in Moreau County arrived. After I gave my statement to a few of the sheriff deputies, I went looking for Jack. I found him milling around with the Sheriff Deputies and went over to talk to him. They had the body under a sheet by then, and Jack went over to have a look. He pulled it back and recognized him instantly. The shot took off half his head, but just the back half. It left his face mostly intact except the area around his left eye.
Hugo Mossman, Jack said. This is out of our jurisdiction, but when the call came in I wanted see it for myself. Hes a small-time hood. He does cleaning work for the rackets now and then. We suspected him in a string of killings, but never had enough to arrest him. I guess it doesnt matter now.
With that, Jack dropped the sheet back over the body. I wondered if Hugo was just a convenient person to hire, or if the guy out here pretending to be Joe Holman worked for the mafia. I wouldnt know the answer for a long time, and the answer was something I would never have believed. I hung around the scene until I decided I learned all I could, and left for home.

I only about made it half way up the long, private driveway leading back to the farm road when I saw Howard Greenes car approaching. The Templeton Police Department only had two unmarked cars, and I recognized Greenes before I reached him. I felt sorry for the Baxter girls. First, they had me bringing up the embarrassing subject of their fathers criminal past, then they had a hitman come after then, and now theyd have to deal with more dumb questions from Greene.
He swung the car across the road to block me in, and then got out of the car. I could almost guess what he would have to say before he reached my window.
So the great Louis Edward Sinclair has volunteered to come help us poor yokel cops with a murder investigation, Greene said.
I told you before, the Baxter sisters hired me to recover some stolen property, I said as politely and nicely as I could. I didnt know anything about a murder when I took the case.
Well, you just keep this in mind Sinclair, we dont need your help, Greene said. If you get the bright idea youre going to stick your nose into an active police investigation I will have you sitting in the city lock up that same day. You stick to the job the Baxter girls hired you to do, and stay out of my investigation.
After he finished his little speech, he cited me some state regulations and statues, complete with subsection numbers and paragraph citations. The gist of which was interfering in an active police investigation would land me in jail for a very long time. I didnt want to sit there all day listening to him, so I didnt say what I really thought. And what I really thought was that once it went to the Moreau County Prosecutors Office any charge he could come up with against me would just get tossed. For one thing, I had friends there, but more important they knew my work and they knew Greene just plain didnt like me. His charges would have "bias" written all over them, and I knew the prosecutor would treat it that way. But, I didnt say any of that. I just nodded my head and promised to stay well clear of his investigation.
I dont know where you get your clients, but maybe you could do better than taking business from the likes of them, Greene said. I think they took after their old man. Tom Baxter was a thief and god only knows what else. Now youre taking business from his offspring. I think daddy thief went and spawned a couple of pretty little thieves. I think they have you fooled. I think they make a habit of keeping dead bodies piled up around the farm. This looks like a falling out among conspirators to me.
Dont tell me you think Cindy and Stephanie had anything to do with those killings, I said sounding angrier than I intended.
I think anythings possible, and given the sort of daddy those two girls had they just might, Greene said. That sort of thing tends to run in families. What I think is youre being had nice and hard by a couple of pretty little blonde con artists.
He stopped speaking for a second. I didnt want to get into an argument with him. I knew from past experience if he threatened to stick me in the Templeton City Jail for a night or two, hed probably do it. Greene broke the silence with another pointed reminder to keep moving and not interfere with his investigation.
I just nodded. Howard Greene went back to his car, pulled around me and continued on toward the Baxter house. Howard Greene was a stubborn man, and he tended to latch onto fixed ideas and not let go. If he decided either Cindy or Stephanie killed Joe Holman or David McKay, it would take a lot to persuade him otherwise. No matter what happened next, I had not heard the last of Greene and I expected him to cause problems.

Before I went back to the office, I decided to have a look through Hugo Mossmans apartment. When I got there, I found the Stevensburg PD still looking through the house. I let them take the lead and followed along behind the cops as they worked. They were after the same bit of information I was. We both wanted to know who hired Mossman. I looked through the evidence bags sitting in the boxes by the door. I didnt see anything promising. I saw a few handwritten notes and some other things the crime lab guys would have to spend a lot of time on. I found one note in a plastic bag, and held it up. It was part of a phone number. The number started 303-50  and then it broke off. I copied it down, and put it back with the other items.
I stopped one of the crime-scene technicians and asked him what theyd found. The guys name was Doug Poole, and we went way back together. Hed worked for the SPD since I graduated from the academy and I was right out of the army. Doug is a nice guy, but hed started getting little heavy now and along with his weight he has some health problems, so hes not always in a good mood when I talk to him. This time he was in a good mood, although he still sounded angry. Doug gave me a run down, but none of it answered the million-dollar questionwho hired him to go kill the Baxter girls? They did, however, find enough to link Mossman to a couple of other murders. On the bad side, they couldnt put a dead guy on trial for those killings. Hugo Mossmans days of killing were over anyway. I took a look around, but just like the cops and crime-scene technicians, I didnt find anything either.
The mans apartment was clean. It looked like somebody beat us to the place. One of the technicians said as much. Doug nodded his head in agreement as the man spoke. A second later, Doug added his own assessment.
Clean as a whistle, Doug said. Not a single fingerprint anywhere. Not even Mossmans. You can still smell the cleaning solvent. Somebody got here before us and removed almost everything. They must have run when the first police cars pulled up, because we did find a few things. If we could have got her a few minutes earlier, who knows what me might have found.
When he made that last comment, he held up a pistol they found hidden inside one of the walls in the bathroom. They eventually linked the pistol to several killings around Stevensburg in the previous 10 years.
I walked through the Mossman apartment, made a few notes, and then started for home. I had other things to do. I planned to go see a former U.S. Army officer named Ronnie Hunt and see what I could learn about Tom Baxters days as a smuggler. To do that, I would have to take an early-morning flight out of Stevensburg for Denver. So I drove home, grabbed a couple of Dos Equis from the fridge, bought my tickets online, and went to sleep.

The morning I planned to fly out of Stevensburg, I heard about the arrests. Howard Greene persuaded the prosecutors office to file murder charges against both Baxter sisters. When I got the phone call from Jack, I almost hit the roof.
What kind of crap is ?
I know, Jack said before I finished my thought. But the killings happened out in his territory. He thinks the girls were running some sort of gangland racket on their farm so he got the prosecutors office to go along with it.
And did he say what kind of racket? Thats crazy.
I agree, but its his show out there, Jack said. The good part, if there is one, they will all end up with egg on their face if they go to trial.
But the Baxters still have to fight it, spend a ton of money they dont have, and let Greene drag their names through the mud. It won't fly. The killer must love this. I this has him laughing head off. He killed two people, and somebody else ends up in jail accused of the murder.
I didnt realize I was shouting, until Jack told me to stop yelling in his ear. I must have made his ears ring on the other side of the line. We talked for a few more minutes and then I went back to work on the case. I tried to work but I needed to vent a little more frustration.
I stormed around the house for a long time getting angrier and making a mess throwing things against the wall. Watching things bust up against the wall made me feel better, but did nothing to fix the situation. I put in a call to Beth Greene. Theyd need a good lawyer, and I consider Beth the best in Moreau County. I got her on the phone and explained things. I loved her reaction when I told her Howard Greene had the investigation in Templeton.
Oh god, not him, she said. Thank god were not related. I say that every time I hear his name. Thank god, he comes from another line of Greenes. On the good side if hes on the case, it might make it easier to get the judge to agree to bail. They dont like him very much.
They also dont like the prosecutor, I said. Hes not the sharpest tool in the shed either. Remember hes the one who decided to file charges.
I know, but thats kind of a bright spot too, Beth said. Like I said it will make it easier for the judge to grant bail. If somebody else in the prosecutors office was involved it would make it harder, but when hes involved personally it makes the judge wonder.
I could go on for hours explaining Bob Enhart. He had the worst record of any prosecutor in Moreau County history. Absent a signed confession, he couldnt get a conviction to save his life. And worse than that, he went after people who were clearly innocent. On the other hand, he had a very competent staff. They handled most of the cases, but he insisted on taking on the big cases personally so he still caused a lot of trouble.
I spent a good hour on the phone giving her all the details I had about the case, then I saw the time. I needed to catch my flight. I left the Baxter girls in Beths hands and returned to my plans. Other than that, I couldnt do much, except get busy. If I wanted to help the Baxter girls, then I had to catch my suspect.



Chapter 7


I didnt have much trouble finding Ronnie Hunt. The man wasnt hiding, and had a public profile on the internet that led me to Denver, Colorado. After he finished his time in the military, Hunt went into business there. He opened a small computer consulting company and expanded into a ton of other things. Getting in to see him and ask him about the alleged smuggling operation going on under his command back in the old days proved a little more difficult. The man didnt want to talk about it in general, and he didnt want to talk to me in particular.
When I first started reading about him, it looked like his company had done well. He owned three stores in the area and lived in a very affluent neighborhood, but I also noticed he was trying to sell the business. I found an article on the Denver newspaper talking about the sale. Hunt didnt have a buyer yet. What I read in between the lines made it sound like some people considered the companys success a sham. The article ended up making Hunt sound like some sort of glorified used car salesman trying to sell rundown clunkers at inflated prices. The reporter made Hunt sound like a shark.
The companys success might have been sham, if you can believe what you read in the papers, but it looked like the man had done well as a shark. The house he lived in boasted 7 bedrooms, seven bathrooms, an oversized kitchen, dining area, and a zillion other rooms. I knew all this because his house and all its details were listed on the architects website. It was one of the biggest houses hed ever designed or built. The man had it all, and he clearly enjoyed flaunting it. Or at least he did a good job of putting up a front.
Ive done enough divorce cases to know just how many people live beyond their means so they can put up a front of wealth. If they can't keep up with the Joneses, then they fake it until their creditors all come calling. Then all of a sudden, the whole thing crashes down like a house of cards. All kinds of things cause these peoples houses of cards to come falling down, but an unexpected divorce or a death seems like the most common reason. I dont know, maybe Ronnie Hunt really had all that wealth. Snap judgments often turn out wrong, but something about the man seemed phony.
He had perfect hair, designer clothes, and an artificial front of a personality that told me he was pretending to be something he wasnt. He seemed like the kind of man who manufactured a life out of nothing. I would bet, if I got a chance to dig deeper, Id find a life a lot like a rotted out bit of wooden furniture. It looked nice on the outside, but if you pressed too hard against the wood, it would crumble and snap in your hand.
He even had a difficult, but decorative, secretary to go with his newfound success. I tried mightily, but I could not get past the girl. I noticed a plaque on her desk saying Amy Delong, Executive Secretary. She looked early 20s, and maybe a little too young for the title executive secretary. Girls with her title usually have a few years on them, and don't look so fresh and pretty. Besides that, she also wore her sweaters a little tighter than the usual secretary.
When I asked if I could get in to see Mr. Hunt, she looked up at me from her desk through deep blue eyes and seemed lost in thought for a moment. I couldnt tell if she was lost in serious thought, or if she just had trouble calling her mind back in from the zone it wandered into while she wasn't watching. I gave her the benefit of the doubt and decided on the lost in thought option. She looked at me a moment longer, and then looked through the calendar on her computer. She said he might have an unexpected opening later that afternoon, so I returned and sat in the lobby outside his office and waited. Even with her mind off in another zone, the girl made an efficient obstacle. I sat out in the lobby waiting in vain.
I gathered from the conversations I could overhear outside his office, Hunt also had a string of other investments besides his computer stores. It sounded like he branched out into real estate and some other areas as well. I never knew because the girl out front wouldnt let me inside to see the man. He never came out either. Apparently, he had another exit that allowed him to avoid people sitting outside in the lobby. I sat there for a few watching a half dozen other people come and go, before I decided to give up and leave.
I tried the conventional approach for another day, and made an appointment to see Ronnie Hunt at 2 p.m. the next day. That too failed. My first mistake was not hiding why I wanted to see him. I told his secretary I worked for the Baxter sisters, and they were the daughters of a man who served under his command during the war. Clearly, he didnt want to talk about the good old days, so he avoided me and gave me the runaround. The part about me working for the Baxter sisters went in one ear and out the other. When the pretty little secretary reported my request to him, he only paid attention to my interest in Tom Baxter. He didnt want me coming around asking questions about the past. I should have gotten in to see him with a phony story of some kind. So much for honesty.
At first, I couldnt understand why he felt the need to avoid me. I hadn't gone there to investigate him, but then it became clear. No matter what I said, Ronnie Hunt thought I came there to investigate him. His entire world revolved around himself, and he couldnt imagine Id have an interest in something other than him. He probably thought I planned to upset his successful and carefully balanced life. I didnt know it yet, but this would become a pattern in this case. Lots of people along the way didnt want me bringing up the past. I asked his secretary to tell him the investigation did not involve him directly and I wasnt there to investigate him but only needed information. If she passed that along to him, it didnt help. He continued to avoid me.
He seemed like a perfectly normal businessman. In other words, boring. The background check I ran turned up nothing. He didnt have so much as a traffic ticket or a late payment on his big-screen TV or his expensive sports car. He was a member in good standing of half a dozen civic clubs, served on the board of the local junior college, and seemed like the perfect citizen. He left nothing out of place. No wonder he didnt want me coming around asking questions about a 20-year-old smuggling operation operating under his command. It would make him look bad. Even if nobody suggested he had anything to do with smuggling, the man clearly didnt want to answer a lot of questions either.

When I got back to my motel, I searched through Ronnie Hunts bio on the company website and discovered that, among the other clubs he joined, Hunt was a member in good standing of The Fallen Owl. The name immediately made me ask a million questions, but nothing on the website explained it. The website had a brief history saying the founder got into a fight with the local chapter of the Masons back in 1893 and started his own club. It didnt elaborate on the name. Their motto came from the Bible, They received each man a penny. I looked it up and it came from the gospel of Matthew 20:9. I didnt know what it had to do with a fallen owl, but the clubs founders picked that as their motto.
Despite the embarrassing name and the odd choice in Bible verses, it was an exclusive club for the wealthy. Something like a country club without a golf course, or maybe one of those old-fashioned fraternal organizations liked The Elks or The Moose. Anyway, they had a social meeting the next day. The website described it as a get together for new and potential members. You still needed to have an invite from an existing member, and I didnt have one of those. But it seemed like a chance to get inside and get close to Ronnie Hunt. Now I just had to figure out how to bluff my way into the place.
To do that, I hatched a plan involving a work uniform, a rented cargo van, and a magnet logo I made at a copy store with a printer and some glue. I put the magnet on the drivers side door, and turned the van into a beer delivery vehicle. I also got a few cases of beer, and stacked the beer so it looked like I had a delivery van full of imported beer. I planned to bluff my way past the front gate, then shuck the uniform when I got inside and go find Ronnie Hunt. The logo on the van identified me as a driver for Krazy Kraft Beers.
The first obstacle my clever plan ran into was the suspicious security guard at the gate. I pulled up in my beer-company delivery van, and of course, I wasnt on the list. The guard found no record of a delivery from Krazy Kraft Beers, Inc. for the obvious reason it didnt exist.
Im sorry sir, but youre not on the admission list, and theres no mention of a delivery from your organization, the guard at the gate said.
I've got a ton of imported beer and craft beer back there, I said pointing toward the back of the van. The guard walked around to the back door and looked in through the glass, then came back to the driver window.
I can see that, he said, but if youre not on the list, I can't let you in.
Id sure hate to tell Mr. Sullivan his fancy imported beers didnt make it to the shindig they have planned.
Let me call the front office, the guard said.
At this point, I started to worry just a little, but odds were whoever picked up the phone in the front office would have no idea what the guard was talking about. The place would be busy as hell, and theyd ask him if I looked dangerous. Hed say no, and theyd wave me through. I got it right, and for a while, it seemed like it would all go my way. He kind of eyeballed me, and then opened the gate. He stuck his head in through the window again and added a few more instructions.
They dont know anything about a delivery today either, the guard said. They want you to pull around to the front office so they can sort this out. Ill watch to see that you do.
It all seemed like an easy plan. Well, it didnt quite work like I wanted. The guard at the front really did keep a watch on me while I drove to the door, and when he saw me take the other door, he got on the phone and had security looking for me. I ducked down into a hallway just as the security guys went past me. I had enough time to shuck the phony work uniform I wore over my regular clothes. Fortunately, they were still looking for the guy in the gray work uniform. My change of clothes gave me enough time to find Ronnie Hunt.
I found him in the lounge room. The place had high-dollar leather furniture and all the fixings of a social club for millionaires. The event today was half-open to the public, if they had an invitation, so there were a few non-members milling around talking.
Mr. Hunt, Ive been looking for you, I said. Ronnie Hunt looked up at me with a slightly puzzled expression, and then he recognized me.
You again, he said. How did you get in here?
Look, I can explain, and if you would just answer a few questions, I said.
Explain? Yes, youd better do that before I call security. And I think youre the one who should answer a few questions. I seriously doubt you have an invite to this thing.
First you seem to have the idea Im investigating you, and if youd given me half a chance to explain things the first time we met, I could have cleared that up. Im working on a case involving Tom Baxter. He served under your command during the Gulf War. His daughters have hired me to recover some property stolen from his estate after he died.
I didnt know he was dead, he said sounding confused. If all thats true, then what has this got to do with me?
We think the stolen property might have something to do with his smuggling during the first gulf war under your command.
That issue again, so you did come here to investigate me after all.
No, I just need to try and find out what he was smuggling.
Thats going back a long time now, almost 20 years, or maybe more. I never knew for certain Tom Baxter was smuggling anything. I heard rumors and I picked up some innuendo here and there, but you can't accuse a person of a crime without proof. You should know that if youre an investigator like you claim. I didnt have the evidence, or I would have nailed him and Robert North.
He paused for a moment and read the expression on my face. This was the first time I knew Tom Baxter had a partner, so I asked him about Robert North.
You didnt know he had a partner? Hunt asked, as he lowered himself into a chair in the clubs main lounge and motioned for me to do the same.
Baxter and North were probably involved in a lot of underhanded things. The army accused me of being lax with them, but I simply never had any proof. I had nothing but rumor. We were a supply and logistics company, and from time to time shipments would come up short when they reached their final destination. Whoever did all that stealing knew enough not to take too much at once. If they had a case of 20 engine parts, it would show up with one missing. And they snagged their one part only every now and then. They took care not to create a pattern. Those patterns allow the cops the catch up with them. The most I could pin on Baxter and North was some irregularities in the paperwork. But I had nothing else on either of them. I left the investigating to the MPs. I admit that much. Much later on there was an incident stateside that got all the investigators involved. Somebody in our section, either my company or one close by was smuggling gold out of the Kuwait area.
Gold?
Yes, gold. Nobody knew where it came from, because there was only one incident. Somebody cast the gold in the shape of some engine part, a bracket I think, and painted it to look like the real thing. The person who was supposed to intercept it stateside missed a shipment, and a mechanic tried to install it on a truck. Gold is a soft metal and it came apart when they started the truck. The mechanics found $50,000 worth of gold scattered all over the engine compartment. That got the MPs and ton of government investigators involved. But as usual, nothing ever stuck to either Baxter or North. I had all kinds of military and civilian investigators from the MPs and the FBI and god only knows how many others crawling all over my unit interviewing my drivers and shipping clerks, but nothing came of it. Baxter and North both looked guilty as hell, but theyd covered their tracks and nothing stuck.
Do you know where I might find Robert North?
I have no idea. But I do know where one of the investigators from the Military Police is now. He applied for a job with a police department out in North Dakota, and I got a call from one of their people checking out his background. His name is Tim Cable and he works for the Bismarck, N.D. police department. Thats all I know about Tom Baxters smuggling days. Or alleged smuggling days I should call it. We all knew he was up to something, but we never could prove it. The same went for Robert North. Look, Mr. Sinclair, I have a solid reputation in this town, and I dont need you .
About the time I wrapped up my question and answer session with Ronnie Hunt, I saw the security people moving toward me. I noticed one of them had the gray work uniform tossed over one arm. I had just enough time to stand up when they got me under each arm and started hauling me toward the door.
Sorry Mr. Hunt, one of them said. We dont know how he got in here, but were escorting him out right this minute.
When we got outside, they whirled me around and started asking me questions. I explained I was a private investigator who only wanted to ask Ronnie Hunt a few questions. That didnt help much. I got the third degree from the security chief, and a ton of threats. On the good side, they didnt call the police and arrest me.
Three of their goons searched through the van while the security chief gave me a pretty rough patting down. The guy clearly didnt like it that I got past his security guy. They pulled the doors open and searched through the back. Their security guy tossed the empty boxes around and crushed them with his feet. A second later, he came back with his report on what he found inside my van.
He has just one case of beer, one of the security guys said. All the rest of these boxes are empty.
Like I explained, Im a private investigator and I only wanted a chance to ask Mr. Hunt a few questions, I said. Hes been avoiding me, so I decided to try something a little creative.
Creativity? Thats great. I love creativity, maybe youll become a famous artist someday, the security chief said. Youll have thousands of people paying to see you do your impersonation of a dimrod. Youre a natural for that.
Then the man leaned close to my face, and delivered a long and threatening speech. He made it very clear hed do all sorts of evil done to me if I tried to come back. While he delivered his speech, I saw a thin, feminine-looking man walk up to the group of security guards. He watched the display with his arms folded for a few minutes, and then asked a question.
Did you say this mans name was Sinclair?
Yes sir Mr. Melton, the security chief said. We were just escorting him off the property.
Ive heard of you, Melton said. I have friends in Moreau County and youre quite the hero down there. You get your name in the paper a lot. So the famous Louis Edward Sinclair pays us a visit.
Sure, but I prefer Led.
Thats right; you go by Led. I just wanted to get a good look at you before they threw you out in the street. I suppose the Moreau Chronicle will cover your exploits for all of us to read. They give you a lot of coverage down there.
You might read about it. I dont know.
Ill watch the papers for this, he said. I didnt mean to interrupt, carry on with what you were doing. I just wanted to get a close look at him.
With that, the guy whirled around and walked back inside the front door of the club. That was the closest Id ever get to an invite to join The Fallen Owl. I got the once over from them, and then they kicked me back to the curb like trash. That Melton guy acted like he was examining some sort of zoo specimen while he checked me over that way.
That was Evan Melton, the Fallen Owls membership director. Hes one of the richest men in Denver. Look. Its like this Sinclair, the security chief continued. Mr. Hunt is a dues-paying member of this organization and as such he has a right to expect a certain level of privacy when hes on the premises. Even the police dont get in here without an invitation or a search warrant. That P.I. license of yours dont mean beans. Youre lucky I hate paperwork, or Id have the police haul you away. I got your name and I know your face. If you try to bluff your way in here again, youll find yourself in the slammer downtown. Do I make myself clear Mr. Sinclair?
Perfectly, I said.
Now if you will just go on your way, the security chief said. We can put this little misunderstanding behind us and not involve the police. Dont test my generosity on this point again. Go away and dont come back.
I wont, I said climbing back into the van and driving away.

When I called the office, I got an update on the Baxter girls. Beth got them out on bail, but the added financial strain of posting bail didnt make their lives any easier. But at least they didnt have to sit in the Moreau County lockup until somebody proved Enhart and Greene wrong. I couldnt help wondering how long it would take Howard Greene to figure out the Baxter girls were victims of the John Doe suspect both of us wanted to find. Greene thought they were all involved in some sort of scheme together. He sold the judge on the idea Tom Baxter had valuable government property hidden on his farm and the John Doe suspect, along with the Baxter sisters, hatched a scheme to dig it up and sell it. He explained the murders, and John Does sudden disappearance as a falling out among conspirators. I wasnt actually there when he and the prosecutor put their case to the judge in associate court, but it must have sounded persuasive because he ordered them bound over for trial. I could imagine Bob Enhart and Howard Greene believing rot like that, but I had to wonder at the judge. I thought he had better sense.
When I called her, Beth told me the two of them mostly leaned hard on Tom Baxters reputation as a shady character. They made it sound like bad behavior always passes along from parent to child, and so there must have been something evil going on at the Baxter farm because they were related. Together they both managed to sell the judge on the idea crime is genetic.
Dont worry, Beth Greene said. Its just the preliminary where they decide if enough evidence exists for a trial. You know how these things work. I would have preferred to get it thrown out right then and there, but the way those two presented the facts  well  it worked.
Ok, Ill try to calm down, I said. But its just so damned ignorant. On top of accusing the wrong people, theyre wasting time they could spend catching the 
I understand Led, and I agree, Beth said. But for now theres nothing I can do about it. But at least the judge granted bail.
We talked for a few more minutes about the case, and about what I had learned so far. I was still officially only looking for stolen property, and not investigating a murder. In theory that might keep, me out of Howard Greenes way, but it really wouldnt. I knew better. I went to bed early that night. I had to catch an early morning flight to Bismarck, North Dakota.

When I got to Bismarck, I stopped by the police department to see Officer Tim Cable. The guy was now a lieutenant in the detective division. When I mentioned the name Tom Baxter, he remembered the case immediately.
Sure I remember that one, he said. The case of the golden engine bracket. Some mechanic installed a bracket on a truck, started it up, and discovered a fortune in gold under the hood. It made for some very happy mechanics.
And they left you enough to recover some evidence?
Well, part of it anyway, Cable said. The mechanics probably stuffed most of it in their pockets before the cops got there. I dont know much about that side of it. I worked the case from the overseas angle. But obviously somebody was smuggling gold into the U.S. from Iraq or Kuwait cast and painted to look like machine parts.
I got the same information I had from Ronnie Hunt, but with a few more details. I learned the investigation involved a team working state side and in Kuwait. Cable worked with the team in Kuwait.
My understanding is the guys stateside tried to serve a few warrants, but all the suspects disappeared before they could grab anybody, Cable said. I mean literally disappeared, all of them just vanished. The cops working state sidemilitary and civilianwere all over that one, but everybody involved vanished without a trace. We always assumed there was more gold, but we never found it or determined its origin. We determined no U.S. Government gold went missing, or any gold in the possession of any other government in the area. We had no idea who or where it came from.
How much of it did you recover?
The only gold the U.S. Government recovered was the remains of the engine bracket. We assumed there was more where it came from, but we never found it.
Did you interview Baxter and North? I asked.
Of course we did. They were clearly involved, or knew who was, but we never had enough to file charges.
I told Tim Cable about my visit with Ronnie Hunt, and how he told me he never had enough evidence to go after North or Baxter. In the version of the story I got from Cable, however, Hunt came out sounding like a circus clown. He had this smuggling operation going on right under his nose, and acted like he knew nothing about it.
The whole smuggling case came back on Captain Hunt in a lot of ways, Cable said. He ran a loose ship over there. He thought investigating missing items was the MPs job and not his. So a lot of things he should have checked out, he never did. He left the Army when the first round of RIFs started, but they dropped a nasty letter into his personnel file over the whole incident. He probably would have stalled out at captain, even if he stayed in the military.
All I noticed about him is he has an obsession with appearances, I said.
I noticed the same thing, Cable said. As long as things looked ok, he let everything slide. It never bothered him when things really werent ok at all. All the evidence was circumstantial, but we found obvious signs several people under his command stole things from the shipments coming through his unit. Almost every outfit had a little trouble with theft now and then, but his unit was the worst. We investigated, but never found enough evidence to charge anybody.
Let me guess, I said. All of it pointed to Baxter and North.
Most of it, yes. Cable said. Like I said, he ran a loose ship over there. We never had any sign Hunt was involved. But his lack of oversight made it possible for North and Baxter to operate. Even if he didnt have solid evidence against them, he should have watched them closer. People under his command reported their concerns several times. If he had taken action earlier, he might have caught them before they covered their tracks.
I dont suppose you know where Bob North is now? I asked.
No, but I can find out, Cable said, as he pulled up some information on his computer. In a few minutes, he had the mans current address and phone number along with his wife and kids name. He printed the information out and handed it to me. The former supply sergeant, and alleged smuggler, named Robert North now ran a small chain of restaurants in Omaha, Nebraska. I bought a ticket to Omaha for the next day. 



Chapter 8


The first thing I noticed about Robert North was how much he reminded me of his old commander. They didnt look much alike, but they had a common personality. The only difference was Robert Norths taste definitely fell on the loud side of things. Ronnie Hunts taste in clothes and furniture was showy and rich, but basically tasteful. Robert North on the other hand dressed like a 1970s relic, and his decor was right out of the great age of the plastic-fantastic.
He had a way with women Captain Ronnie Hunt would have appreciated. The guy kept a pretty secretary working as his office manager just like the good captain back in Denver. And just like Hunts pretty-young thing, she seemed too young for her title. I also noticed she didnt seem to do a lot of work either. Maybe it was my imagination, but it looked like she sat at her desk waiting for him to call her in for something or other and didnt do much else. You can learn a lot in a few minutes of observation. Most competent secretaries are old broads who keep their organizations running through hard work and attitude. This girl Robert North had sitting at the big desk outside his office just didnt seem the part. I suspected he probably kept a stable of girls stashed away around town. He just seemed like the type.
When I got into see him, I found myself talking to a guy with slicked back hair and lots of gold necklaces. He wore a strange combination of designer jackets and open shirts. To me it seemed like a weird cross between a 1970s leisure suit and a 1980s power suit. On top of that, he wore layers of cologne. He probably thought it made women weak in the knees, but it seemed more like a fumigation job for mosquitos to me. Like I said, he seemed like the type. As for what type, all the types you might imagine. He seemed a little shady, a little over sexed and a little god only knew what. But if you thought he was the type, you were probably right.
Ultimately, he just gave me the brush off. They guy had that in common with his former commander too, he didnt want to talk about the past. He was polite about it, but he made it clear he had nothing to say to me about his previous career in smuggling. This had started to become familiara successful businessman who didnt want to talk about his past.
I understood immediately why Robert North wanted nothing to do with me. He had gone clean, and avoided the law for decades. As I learned later, clean is relative, he was still a little on the sleazy side but at least he didnt steal anymore. He went from a smuggler stealing from the U.S. Army to a man with a chain of successful restaurants and a family. He saw me coming around asking questions about his smuggling days, and it scared the daylights out of him. Ronnie Hunt only had a bad case of paranoia, but Robert North really had broken the law back in the day. Granted nobody ever proved anything, but he knew he had reason to keep his head down. The statute of limitations hadn't run out on everything he did back in the day, so he could still go to jail. Ronnie Hunt only had to protect his reputation, North could go to jail. The way North saw it, he had put his days as a criminal behind him and he didnt want me coming around to remind people of the past. He told me as much point blank.
I cant help you, he said. Ive done a lot of bad things in my past, most of which I got away with. I will admit that to you upfront. But, I also like the life I have now, and I dont want anybody ruining it. I also dont want to go to jail. So, I hate to tell you this, but you are wasting your time. I have nothing to say.
And with that comment, he threw me out of his office. He made sense. The guy had a wife, three kids, and a successful business. He clearly didnt want me poking around asking a bunch of stupid questions about his previous life. Especially when he saw it as a life he put behind him. On the plus side, I didnt have any trouble getting in to see him. He let me in without trouble, but then proceeded to tell me he had nothing to say.
I tried to explain I didnt want to send him to jail, and I wasnt investigating him but he wouldnt buy it. The man buried his past a long time ago, and didnt want to give me a chance to stir things upeven by accident. I understood his point, but we had a problem. He had all, or almost all, of the information I needed. He knew what Baxter smuggled out of Iraq and Kuwait, plus he knew where it went. Robert North knew if it was money, gold, weapons, or something else. He knew what Tom Baxter kept hidden on his farm, and he might know the name of my John Doe suspect. I didnt have the patience to sit around and wait for him to change his mind. I needed that information.
As a private eye, I dont have the same kind of power the police have. I can't pick people up for questioning, and I dont have the ability to get a warrant. Either I have to persuade people to give me the information I want, or I have to force it out of them. When I do need to use a little force, I have an advantage the police dont. So long as I dont get my license revoked or suspended, I can lean on people in ways the police can't. It gives me a little bit of freedom to play rough.
I like to seize the moral high ground when I can, but I also have a strong pragmatic streak. When I need to get things done, I just do it. So I looked for a weakness. If I tried to bluff with a threat to go to the police, it wouldnt work. With him in jail, Id never recover what my John Doe suspect took from the Baxter girls. In fact, if I did that, the government would probably just seize it as evidence. I needed something else. I started with the most obvious and easiest thing, his weakness for girls. First, however, I wanted to talk to the mans wife. I had a feeling she might point me the right way.
Sara North ran an antique store in Omaha, so I stopped in for a visit. The woman had a pretty keen sense of perception. She had me pegged the minute I walked in the store. Obviously, Robert North had called her to warn her I might show up that day.
You look like the investigator Bob told me about, she said.
Howd you guess? I asked.
My first husband was a cop, and you look like a cop, she said.
I see, well I 
If youre going to ask me about Bobs smuggling days, youre out of luck. I dont know anything. He told me all about it, but I dont know anything, she said.
Did he ever tell you anything about Tom Baxter?
I never heard the name, she said, and I won't tell you one single thing. I know all about my husbands past, and I support him. I am proud of the changes hes made. Neither of us wants you around here dredging up the past. And Id appreciate it if you left my store.
When I hesitated, she threatened to have me arrested for trespassing. She could too. I knew the law on that point. So, I took Mrs. Norths suggestion and went on my way. She looked like she meant business. As I left, I saw a womans face looking out at me from behind the curtain right behind the register. I made eye contact with her, nodded, and went on my way. I didnt know who she was or what she wanted, but I got the idea she was checking me out from back there. That look she gave me made me wonder.

I had another angle I could pursue. What you might call the dirty tricks school of investigation. After spending the better part of an hour talking to him in his office, I noticed he seemed like a particular type of guy. The kind of guy who wouldnt let being married stop him from playing the field. So I spent a few days following Robert North. I hit pay dirt on the second day.
In the end, I found three girlfriends scattered around town. So on a day he apparently played hooky from work, and probably told his wife he was working hard, he spent the day with three different girls. He visited the first one around mid-morning, and left around noon. He visited the second girl at noon. They met for lunch, and then went back to her apartment. He stayed inside until 3 pm. Then he went to see the third girl. A little bit later, I learned this girls name was Stacy Dugan. I gave the man credit. He literally got around. Dates with three different girls in one day when youre already married takes a certain amount of moxie. Or maybe the guy was just crazy, and didnt know when to quit. While he spent his late afternoon with the third girl, I went looking for something to eat. I hadn't stopped for food since I got up that morning and started trailing Bob North around as he visited his girlfriends. I stopped to get something to eat.

I was sitting in the back of a sidewalk restaurant, when I heard a voice behind me. It was a womans voice and it took me a second to notice she was talking to me. I turned toward her to see what she wanted.
The woman moved from her table to mine and stuck out her hand to introduce herself. She introduced herself as Annabel Grace. She was the woman looking out from the back room when I went to talk to Sara North.
Sara made quite a scene at her store, didnt she? the woman said to me as I turned around. She always sticks up for Bob that way. I was in the back when you came in, She said. The funny thing about her and Bob is the entire world knows about him and his collection of bimbos. He thinks nobody knows, but the entire world knows, including Sara. Which is why I find it so funny when she defends him. She has an investigator following him, and plans to divorce him. But then she still sticks up for him like that. Hard to explain isn't it? Well, she planned to divorce him since their last kid went off to college. They had three, all of them girls. Well as soon as the youngest moved out, she started talking to her divorce lawyer. I dont know what shes waiting for, she has enough to divorce him and take him for all hes worth. When the divorce is final, the two of us plan to run off to San Miguel de Allende and live on the money we got from our husbands. I divorced my husband three years ago. It's pretty much the same story as Saras husband. I caught him with a much younger woman. It was almost sad. He begged me to forgive him and said he was sorry a hundred times. I agreed he was sorry, but not that kind of sorry. So do you know about his favorite?
I hadn't been able to get word in since she sat down, and I only got a weak kind of question in after she asked me about Bob Norths favorite.
No, maybe the one 
Shes the one named Cindy Duncan or Sara Drummond or 
Stacy Dugan?
Thats her, she said. I give him credit. Shes a pretty one. Shes only about 19 I think, but I dont know for sure. If I were just a little younger, I might try for her myself. I know she has a girlfriend though, and of course that just makes it all the better for Bob. Hes going to have a very good time right up until the divorce papers land in his lap. You dont mind me talking this way do you? 
I didnt mind at all, but Annabel Grace would have kept on talking no matter what I said. She did most of the talking during our time in the restaurant, and then she invited me back to her place. I went willingly enough, but it sounded almost like a summonsas if my agreement were already a foregone conclusion. Maybe a smarter man wouldnt have gone, but I went with her anyway.

The next morning I woke up next to Annabel when the doorbell rang. She slipped on a robe, went to the window to peek out and see who it was. She went to the door, and I heard voices coming from the hallway. I heard Annabel and another womans voice. I waited in bed as the two of them approached. Annabel made no effort to hide me, or explain my presence. She let Sara North in the room and the two of them just kept on talking like I wasnt there.
So you really did sleep with him? Sara North said at last in a tone that was part statement and part question.
I didnt sleep with him, Annabel said. I laid him. Theres a difference. Hes not my new boyfriend, hes just a lay. You know how this works.
Yes. I know. Lays arent for keeps.
At this point, I sat up in bed and started to get dressed. Sara North confiscated my clothes for a moment and left me in bed with just the sheet over me. I eyed her with suspicion. I had no idea what she was up to or where she would go with this move of hers.
I suppose you still think youre going to ask me questions about my husbands smuggling days, she said.
I might, I said.
Well I can't tell you anything. Besides, I dont know anything. So did you get friendly with Belle just so you could ask me more questions?
No he didnt, Annabel said. I got friendly with him. I saw him in Tonys on 34th Street and decided I could lay him if I wanted. And youre the one volunteering the answers all of a sudden. I mean really, Sara why do you defend Bob anyway? Especially when youre already preparing for the divorce?
Well I really dont know, Sara North said. Hes been sleeping with god knows how many bimbos since the beginning. Do you know I caught him banging my own sister less than a week after we were married? Well I did.
So why havent you ?
Divorced him? Honestly  at first I was just a coward. That went on for years. Too many years, Sara North said. Then I met Annabel and things changed. I know what youre thinking. Yes, Annabel sleeps around on me too, but the difference is she told me she would when we first met. I respected her honesty, and I guess thats why it doesnt make me angry. I have confronted Bob several times, and he keeps telling me lies. Well, anyway, I decided I would wait until my youngest left home, and then divorce Bob. Ive been talking to a divorce lawyer for the last three months and Ive had an investigator following him for the last six weeks.  I already know about his bimbos. His favorite is a little slut named Stacy Dugan. He doesnt know it, but she works for me. She leaves her curtain open a crack, and my investigator and lawyer have all they need.  Am I boring you with the details?
Not at all, but if I could have my clothes, I said.
Instead of giving me my clothes, she climbed into bed and got on one side of me as Annabel did the same on the other side. This was getting complicated very fast.
So what exactly do you want? I noticed you had a camera, and youre obviously trailing my husband on his visits to his little bimbos.
I need to know the details of his smuggling days, I said.
Really? What for? And whats that got to do with his bimbo collection?
Your husband had a partner named Tom Baxter back in his smuggling days. His daughters hired me to find something for them. We think Tom Baxter buried something on the family farm, something another person stole. They hired me to get it back. But dont know for certain what it was. It was probably gold, but I dont know for sure.
I dont know anything about his smuggling days, except they existed. I didnt even know he had a partner, Sara said. Ive heard the rumors. And I suspect thats where he got the money for the first few restaurants, but he never told me anything. Honestly. He really hasnt.
Have you heard the name Tom Baxter?
No. Never. Sara said. I get defensive, and I admit I dont know why I stick up for him, but I really dont know a single thing about his smuggling days. What does that have to do with his bimbos?
I was hoping to use the photos 
You really do play dirty dont you? You plan to blackmail him with the pictures, and get him to tell you about the smuggling days.
I dont like it, I started to protest. I like to seize the moral high ground, but 
We all do, my dear, Sara said. Life would be great if things worked the way those little bastard Sunday school teachers said it did when we were children, but things out here in the real world dont work that way. We do what we have to dont we? How moral do you suppose it was for me to scare the daylights out of little Stacy Dugan and get her to leave her curtain open so my investigator can get what amounts to porn images? And how moral will it be for me to use them to scare Bob into agreeing to a divorce on my terms, and only my terms? You see? We have a lot on common, the two of us do. Lifes ugly, and that means I have to be a bitch to survive now and then. I know Bob. He has built a reputation, a very phony reputation, he wants to protect, so he will agree to anything. When I show him the images my investigator has. He will back down. I know he will. I tell you what. I won't give you the images or video I have, but I will let you make a one-time use of the secret curtain.
I can do that myself, I know where her apartment is, I said. Why should I trade anything?
You dont know where the hideaway is, Sara North said. She has a cabin you havent found yet. That apartment isn't the place I mean at all. And dont ask me to share the images my investigators has, because I won't. Those belong to me. Youll have to make your own porn, but I will let you use the photo blind or whatever you investigative types call it.

Sara North gave me direction to a house across the street from where Bob North met up with his favorite girlfriend at a cabin on the lake. When I got there, I found a row of cabins all in a clutch around the lake. I found the key under the mat where Sara said I would find it and let myself inside. The surveillance spot turned out to be a small hole in the roof covered with tinted glass. The placement was perfect. I could sit there undetected and see directly into the bedroom just across the way. Just like Sara told me, Stacy left a very small opening in the curtains on the window across the way. My view lined up perfectly with it and it gave me all I needed. If good old Bob North went to the window, he still wouldnt have a clue anybody could see into the bedroom. That hole on my side was only about the size of a quarter, but it gave me an unobstructed view of everything going on across the street.
I got what I needed in one visit. The girl looked 19 or 20 years old at most. She was a willowy blonde with long legs and an athletic body. The man had a sharp eye for pretty girls. I didnt know what sort of pictures Sara Norths investigator was getting, but if I wanted porn I could have got that. The view into Stacis bedroom was complete and very revealing. I got what I needed, and left.

North didnt really deserve too much sympathy. After all, here he put on airs of being a changed man, while he went around two-timing his wife with college girls younger than his daughters. In spite of all that, I hate myself when I resort to tactics like this.
But, given the pretense North put up of being such a highly moral person I didnt feel so awful. I made an appointment to see North and presented him with the photos. I told him I had a CD-ROM full of them and a backup on computer.
You really are a complete son of a bitch arent you, he said. Ok, so I admit I have a thing for the girls. Dont give me that smug look. I was on the level when I said I changed and put my old life behind me. I dont suppose youre going to tell me youre some kind of saint.
No, but I do what I have to, I replied.
Sure, I bet you do. Ok so what do you want? he asked. How much will it take to buy you off?
I dont want your money, I said. I want your information. You tell me everything you know about Tom Baxter and about the smuggling operation the two of you were running. Once I am satisfied you gave me all the facts, then I will send you the CD-ROMs.
How will I know you didnt keep copies? he asked.
You won't, I said. Youll have to trust me.
Why should I trust a prick?
I dont know. But, why dont you start at the beginning and just tell me what you know, I said. How did the two of you start out? And how long did it take before you moved on to smuggling gold?
Robert North went silent for a moment. He looked thoughtful, and then started out with a kind of prologue.
All right. I guess youve got me over a barrel. If those pictures get to my wife, shell not only divorce me, shed get most of my money and ownership of the restaurants too. I dont know how much your word is worth, but I want your word youll give me the photos and destroy any copies.
Youve got that, I said. I dont want your money or your life either. I just want some information.
Well it started almost by accident. Tom Baxter removed a case of engine parts because somebody thought they found a problem with the count. So he emptied the case and took an inventory. In the process, he forgot to put one of them back. It got stuck behind a cabinet, and stayed there for weeks. When he found it, he realized the Army had already blamed somebody else for it, so he went and sold it on the black market. That got us thinking. If we took a few at a time, we could hide it, because nobody would notice one disappearing every now and then. We were right. Nobody noticed it, and within a few months, we were making a fortune. On top of that, our captain didnt ask very many questions. He was too busy chasing some piece of tail or playing golf or whatever he did all day instead of work. Some of what we took, we sold to black-market types in Iraq or Kuwait, and others we smuggled back to the states. We made a fortune stealing from the army.
But I guess what you really want to know about is the gold? Thats a much bigger story. We were a supply unit, and we ran trucks and shipped things all over Kuwait and Saudi Arabia leading up to the start of the war and after. The war left us stretched pretty thin at one point. If you were ever in the army, then you know everybodys primary MOS is infantry. Right after one of our trucks got hit; they rounded up a bunch of us and sent us out on patrol like we were infantry. We thought they had to be kidding. We werent infantry, and it showed when they put us out there. The real infantry guys had to babysit us the whole time. We were a bunch of truck drivers and clerks. But thats what they did. They sent us out there.
We ran into an outpost of some kind, and they put up a hell of a fight. Especially considering what a worthless little house it was. They fought like madmen for a stinking shack. The infantry guys they sent to show us how to do things didnt get it either. The insurgents were outgunned, and they had a clear avenue of retreat, but they didnt take it. Normally when they turned the heavy stuff on them, they ran as fast as they could. Thats how they operated. Theyd hit us, and then take off and run before we got to them. Well this time, they didnt run. They fought to the last man to keep that dump. We found out why after we got inside.
When we got inside the house Tom got a nasty cut on his leg. Nothing life threatening, but he couldnt walk right, so they left three of us back at the house to watch it and stay with Tom. It was me, Tom Baxter, and another guy named Jason Cunningham. Well the three of us decided to tear the house apart, and while we were busting things up, we just happened to find a hole in the floor and an absolute ton of gold underneath. Now we understood why they didnt want to let us capture that house. They didnt care so much about the house. They cared about the stuff hidden inside.
We sat there just looking at it wondering how rich it would make us. We decided right then we wanted it for ourselves. We didnt know how, but we didnt intend to let the government get it. And thats what would have happened. If we turned it in to the army like we were supposed to, then it would have just made the government that much richer. Screw the government. We wanted it. So we cooked up a plan. We had to secure it and hide it, and that was the hardest part. We spent all night loading it onto one of the trucks. I was scared out of my mind somebody would see us, or worse the enemy would kill us all. If the army had caught us, we wouldnt have had any way to explain it. But nobody saw us. Cunningham backed the truck right up to the door and we loaded all that gold onto the back. You know how we hid it? We put it out in plain sight. It sat there inside that truck with nothing but a tarp over it.
Later all three of us dug a hole to hide it in. We didn't sleep or work on anything else for days. We went three days without sleep, but we got away with it. You said you talked to Ronnie Hunt? Well we were lucky. That guy never once asked a single question. He didnt even ask us why we left that house on our own, or why we borrowed a truck without permission. Here we were not doing our jobs for three whole days, and he just ignored it. I spent a month waiting for Hunt to come along and demand his cut of the action. But he never did. He was just lazy or something.
When it started there were three of us in on it. Me, Tom Baxter, and a guy named Jason Cunningham. The three of us hid that stuff until we came up with a plan to move it back to the states without making anybody suspicious. That was hard. We waited until Cunningham went back stateside, then we set up a pretty simple operation. Baxter was good with metal casting, so he melted all that stuff down and cast it into machine parts. It wasn't anything mechanical, just solid parts. Mostly brackets and braces. Then he painted them to look like the real thing, and shipped it stateside inside regular shipments. Cunningham worked stateside, so he intercepted them as they arrived. We put a lot of trust in that guy. We didnt know it yet, but we shouldnt have. That Cunningham joker robbed us blind.
Neither of us trusted him, but we didnt have anybody else we could use. In the end, he cheated all of us and then disappeared. Cunningham almost ruined it for all of us, he lost track of an engine bracket Baxter sent him. He was supposed to intercept it, melt it down, and sell it for us like all the others. Well he missed it, and somebody put it into a truck. I dont know what happened to most of the gold. We already shipped more than half of it when the government got wind of what we were doing. We had all kinds of government and military investigators crawling all over our unit asking a lot of ugly questions. Not long after that, Cunningham disappeared. When he vanished, he took almost all our money and gold with him. The good part was we didnt go to jail and we had enough left to still make ourselves rich.
The two of us decided to split the remainder between us. We still had a fortune for each of us even when we split it. By this point, neither of us trusted the other. We both thought the other would turn into another Jason Cunningham. I didnt tell him where I hid my stash, and he didnt tell me where he put his. We sent it home disguised as tourist junk. They used to sell these over-sized chess sets in the outdoor market. So we got one, and cast our gold and painted it to look like the chess sets. We both used the same metal cast.
Just how big were these sets, I asked.
They were big, North said. And it amounted to a lot of gold by the time you figure in 32 chess pieces all total. The pawns were at least a foot tall. It was supposed to be an outdoor garden sculpture. Baxter cast all of them, then painted them to look just like the tourist junk. I sweat like a crazy man waiting for my folks to tell me the thing arrived every time I mailed a piece home. They were too big to send home all at once, and it took forever to mail them all one at a time. My folks didnt have a clue what it was. When I got home, my mother had the thing sitting outside decorating her garden. I almost fainted. I asked them to hide it, but my mother decided to decorate the yard with them. I admit they dressed up the garden nicely. I got $900,000 when I cashed mine in after I got home. That money got me started in business. What we got to keep amounted to a fraction of what we had at the start. That bastard Cunningham got away with millions.
Look I know Im not a saint. But that money allowed me to become a changed man. Not too many years ago, I did a lot of evil things. I ran drugs. I stole things. I hurt people. I never killed anybody. I swear to you on that one. I never killed a person in my life, including combat. Even that one firefight I got into, I never shot anybody.
That gold money gave me a chance to turn straight and live like everybody else. My first restaurant was just a pushcart kind of thing I towed behind my car. At first, I just needed a way to launder the money so the IRS wouldnt ask stupid questions. My little restaurant took off and made me rich. I have a good life now, and I dont steal or run drugs anymore. I also dont have a reason to fear the police any more. I dont want you ruining this for me. Got it?
I repeated my promise I only wanted the information he gave me. I asked him if he knew what happened to Tom Baxters stash, and he said he didnt. I didnt really need to ask, it had to be what my John Doe suspect lifted from the Baxter farm. It couldnt have been anything else. I also asked if he knew what happened to Jason Cunningham. North just shook his head.
After all those cops started checking into that golden engine bracket, he just disappeared. And he took most of the money with him. I can't prove he took the money, but I dont know who else would have taken it. With the two of us answering all those questions from the cops, we didnt dare try contacting him. He used it as a chance to take off with the money. We still came out ok, but Cunningham left us a fraction of what we had in the beginning.
I gave Bob North the CD with the images of him and Stacy, and left his office. I really didnt blame him for hating me. I pulled a nasty trick to get the information I wanted. But now I knew what my suspect lifted from the Baxter farm. Its a lot easier to find a missing item, when you know what it looks like. I still had to actually find it. And that would make for some difficult and dangerous work.



Chapter 9


When I left Omaha, I still hadn't recovered anything for the Baxter girls. On the plus side, I wasnt stumbling around in the dark so much either. I knew what to go look for and what it looked like. I not only knew about the gold, but now I knew Baxter cast and painted it to look like a garden sculpture chess set. Knowing that helped, but I still didnt know where to find it or my suspect. To find the gold, I needed to find him. But that job would not come easy at all. For one thing, I didnt know the mans real name. I still had a John Doe suspect.
I decided I might track him down if I followed the trail Joe Holman left after he got out of prison. He met up with my John Doe suspect right after he got out of jail and went with him to the Baxter farm. John Doe killed him there, thinking he didnt need him anymore. What I didnt know yet was how he met my suspect. Knowing that, would help me track him down.
I got lucky on one thing. The warden at the prison was an old friend of mine named Kurt Ford. We went through the police academy together, and served on the Stevensburg PD at the same time. He retired from the Stevensburg PD, and somehow ended up working for the prison system and got the job of warden. I explained what I needed, and Kurt said hed give me access to a few files. He let me sit down and we went over Joe Holmans file. I didnt find much in it. He had some write-ups, but all the prisoners get written up now and then. The only thing noted toward the end was he didnt use his bus ticket home. Right at the last minute somebody showed up to pick him up, so he returned the ticket.
I seem to recall he had a pen pal he planned on meeting, Kurt said. I think they were planning to get married or something like that. He said they were going to run off to some state where they allow that sort of thing.
Allow that sort of thing? So I assume the pen pal was another guy, I said.
He was, Kurt said. I dont know if they ever ran off and got married. I guess not, since he turned up dead. If I were you, Id start looking mighty hard at that pen pal of his.
I intend to, I said. Do you have a name for him?
No, they dont let us read and censor their mail like they used to, Kurt said. But youve got my permission to interview anybody you think can help you. Just sign the liability paper work, and a guard will show you around.
The first thing I noticed, after Kurt gave me permission to wander around and interview the cons on Holmans old cellblock, was everybody liked him. They all said he was the friendliest guy on earth, and never belonged in prison. Much of what they said matched with what his sister told me. Joe Holman didnt sound like a criminal at all. He only sounded a little dumb. Other people saw him as an easy mark, so they put him up to doing all sorts of evil things. I dont feel sorry for criminals very often, but by the time I finished talking to the cons who knew Joe Holman I felt sorry for the guy.
I deserve to be here, one old guy said to me. I did a lot of evil things, but Joe Holman was the sweetest guy on earth. He wouldnt hurt a fly. But I can't help you. I dont know anything about his friends on the outside. I know he had a boyfriend, a pen pal, he wrote to all the time. The thing was Joe couldnt read well. He had the librarian read the letters to him. Youd probably better ask him about Joe.
The librarian turned out to be a friendly guy named Gene Bryan. When I stepped into his office, he looked up from his book, shoved his glasses on top of his head, and motioned me to a chair. He was readying The Grapes of Wrath, and he went into a long discussion about Steinbeck, before I could get a single word out. After a few minutes of him talking about Steinbeck, I finally got a chance to talk. When I asked him about Joe Holman, he remembered him instantly.
Sure I remember him, Bryan said. He was a talkative, friendly guy. If you got him talking, youd never get another word in all day. He wasnt the sharpest tool, but he was friendly. The guy also seemed like the last person youd expect to meet in a prison. You always find a few that just dont seem like prison material. You know what I mean? Well he seemed that way. I dont think he was evil, just a little dumb.
The last few weeks here, all he talked about was his new boyfriend. I remember one day he came in all depressed because they cut him a bus ticket home. Joe thought it meant his new boyfriend couldnt come pick him up like he planned. I had to explain he didnt have to use the ticket. If he had somebody to pick him up, he could give the ticket back. He was disappointed to find out he didnt get to keep the money for the ticket, but he was happy he could have his boyfriend come get him. He wanted his new friend to come get him here at the prison, and he thought the rules didnt allow it. They dont like it when you do that, but they can't stop you. Once youve done your time, they dont have much authority over you anymore. So anyway, he was just happy as a bird when he found out his boyfriend could come pick him up at the prison door.
And do you remember the boyfriends name? I asked.
I sure do, Bryan said. The mans name was Brian David Mason. According to his letters, he sent time here not very many years ago. Joe couldnt read well, so he always asked me to read Brians letters to him. I should have charged for my services. I had to read a lot of those letters, and then Id have to write Joes letters to Brian. But at the same time, I enjoyed it. Joe really was a nice guy. Its too bad about what happened to him. He tended to trust people too quickly. The man never thought anything evil about another person. I really hope it wasnt Brian who killed him. That would be  I find it too depressing to think about. That would really be tragic given how Joe felt about him. I really hope thats not what happened. Do you think thats what happened?
I dont know yet, I said. I have a suspect, but I dont have a name. I have a good description, but nothing else. Just a rotten police sketch.
Well I hope you catch the person who killed Joe. I know the whole world hates criminals, but Joe really was a sweet guy. He wasnt evil at all, and I hoped he would come to a better end.
I thanked Gene for his time, and went back to Kurt and asked if he knew anything about Brian David Mason, but hit a dead end. Kurt came back with bad news. There had never been a Brian Mason or any combination of those names in the State Prison going all the way back to 1932. They had a Brian Mason listed in 1932, but that would make Joe Holmans boyfriend about a million years old at the time he arrived to pick him up. It obviously wasnt the same guy. But it added to my speculation Brian David Mason person was probably my suspect, even if that almost certainly wasn't his real name. The guy probably claimed to be a felon just like Joe to get him to let his guard down and trust him. Whoever this Mason person turned out to be, he probably claimed to be whatever he thought would get a person to trust him. If I met him, hed probably claim to be a cop or a private investigator. If he wanted to get something out of a shoe salesman, hed claim he sold shoes for a living. Id seen conmen like this before.
So he came to Joe Holman with a fake name and a fake life story. All of it just to earn his trust so he could get access to the knowledge only Joe Holman had. Whoever he was, he already knew about Tom Baxters fortune. He also knew Joe Holman was Baxters cellmate, so he got friendly with Holman just to learn where Baxter hid his fortune. When my suspect hooked up with Joe Holman, only he knew about Baxters gold and knew where Tom Baxter buried it. That was his only interest in him, so he deceived him with promises of love and romance to get it. I dont care what your opinion of gays is, thats just plain evil. I wanted to catch him and punish him for it. Unfortunately, I still had a John Doe suspect, and no idea what he looked like. All the names I could tie to my suspect were phony. I already knew he liked using the identity of his victimslike he did with Joe Holmanso I wondered if Brian David Mason was another victim.
I went back to the librarian and asked him if he could recall anything else Joe Holman mentioned about Mason. He didnt have a lot of information, but later on what little he had helped. What he told me eventually led me right to my suspects home.
The only thing I can recall was Joe said his friend came from the West Coast, but he didnt say where, Bryan said. The only thing I can recall is it wasnt California. That narrows it down to two statesOregon or Washington. The only other thing I remember is the two of them planned to go live there and become rich. Joe always got sort of vague about how he would get rich after he got out of prison, but he always bragged about how he was going to live like a king.
I felt sure Brian David Mason was another victim. I had a hunch my suspect probably killed a man by that name and stole his identity. I called Jack and asked him to run the name, but it turned up nothing under missing persons. He said hed keep looking.
I just hoped Brian David Mason, or whatever name my suspect was using, hadn't cashed in all the gold. If he did that, then hed probably spend it all at once and leave me and the Baxter girls with nothing. I hoped he was selling it off a little at a time to make it last. Either way, I needed to catch him before all the money disappeared and I had nothing to recover.

The next day I got a call from Jack. He didnt find anything about a Brian David Mason as a missing person, but he found a reference among the archived police reports on the departments computers. Jack pulled the original police report off the computer and emailed it to me. I pulled it up on my smart phone and read it. The thing made for some entertaining reading, although not for the victim. The year before Joe Holman left prison, a man in Stevensburg reported somebody stole his money and his truck. The man answered a personals ad on a dating site, and went to meet the girl. The only thing he got out of the meeting, however, was a stolen truck and wallet.
The two met for drinks, but right after they went back to the motel room, the guy reported feeling sick and lightheaded. The victim said he realized immediately the girl spiked his drink and he made a rush for the door. He said a man wearing a mask entered the room, and helped the girl subdue him. After that, he blacked out and awoke to find his wallet and keys gone. The mans name was Brian David Mason.
According to the report, the male assailant left the door to the motel room open and a passerby saw the assault going on inside. The passerby said he saw a man and a woman attacking a guy on the bed. When he stopped at the door to intervene, they bolted for the exit and disappeared. The passerby called police and revived the victim.
The police didnt have a good description of the perpetrators, or any video. They did what they usually do under conditions like that. They took a report and filed it. It happens a lot. Police work has some holes in it here and there. I know because I make my living filling in the gaps. Anyway, the report I read on my smartphone was as far as the police got on this particular case. They took a report and forgot about it.
Jack gave me Brian Masons last known address and I went looking for him. I hoped I could get a better description of the people who assaulted him. When I got there, I found a house surrounded by tall hedges and a fence. You couldnt see over them to the house. That explained what I found when I got there. I let myself in through the gate set inside the tall shrubs, and found a jungle of weeds. The place looked like nobody had cleaned it or cut the grass in months. I knocked on the door and got no response.
I looked inside the front window, but saw nothing. The place appeared deserted and empty. I walked around the back and found the back door slightly open. I looked inside and saw water damage along the wood flooring leading into the kitchen. Somebody had left the door standing open for a long time. I let myself inside.
Somebody had tossed the place. I found everything inside thrown around and scattered on the floor. Whoever lifted his wallet and keys clearly went looking for more. When they didnt get what they wanted out of him at the motel room, they went to his house and picked up where they left off at the motel. They made no effort to conceal the search either. They left all the furniture in a pile, and even punched holes in the wall. I walked through the house and eventually found Brian David Mason in the back bedroom. He had clearly been dead for a long time.
The remains I found were decayed down to bone. And I could see the cause of death for myself in the form of a bullet hole in the exact center of the victims forehead. My suspect had a pattern to his killings. He used the same gun, shot them all in the exact same place, and probably forced all of them to kneel before he shot them. I didnt see any signs of clothing on Mason when I found him. I just found a skeleton laid out on the floor with a hole punched in the forehead. It looked like the killer posed the body before he left. He left the body with his hands crossed over his chest, and laid him out straight. I doubt he collapsed dead in exactly that position after the killer shot him. I scanned around the room and found the place in the opposite wall where it looked like the bullet passed through. Mason was standing when the killer shot him, then the guy posed him like this for some reason. I wondered if he refused to kneel for his killer. Maybe it was a last act of defiance. He probably knew he would die anyway, so he refused to cooperate and give the killer the satisfaction of kneeling or begging for his life.
I called the police and waited. In a few moments, swarms of cops and crime scene technicians filled the entire house. I went outside and waited by the curb with Jack. I watched the uniformed guys walking door-to-door interviewing the neighbors.
They all said they never noticed anything out of the ordinary. That made sense, none of them could see past the trees and hedges surrounding the yard. Besides, Brian Mason worked from home as a freelance designer, and more or less kept to himself. He disappeared and nobody noticed. It said a lot about American life that a man could be dead in his home for more than a year and nobody came around to investigate.
While Jack kept busy at the crime scene, I called the State Prison. I asked Kurt if he could get the original logs for me. I wanted to see the logbooks at the guardhouse where my suspect would have entered to meet Joe Holman. Kurt got them, and emailed me scans of the pages. The guardhouse logbook was a hand-written thing. It wasnt very formal, but they kept it on file forever. The guard on duty that day jotted down a description of the pickup. The log entry described it as a blue 1987 Dodge Power Wagon and license plate of LT-1931. The same truck listed in the police report Mason filed after his robbery. I showed the entry to Jack.
That figures, Jack said of the handwritten logbook. If they had that thing computerized it might have alerted somebody when the guard punched in the license plates.
Did your guys find anything interesting?
Not really, Jack said. No signs of forced entry. It looks like the guy let himself in with the keys he lifted from Mason at the motel. Youd think a person might worry about that when the bad guys steal your keys and your truck. He might have at least changed the locks. It looks like our perpetrator shot him, and then helped himself to whatever he could find in the house.
I bet hes the same guy who killed David McKay and Joe Holman, I said leaving out any mention of the buried loot on the Baxter farm. I still had a very real fear somebody in law enforcement would swoop down, claim that gold for the government, and freeze the Baxter girls out entirely. For the moment, the cops cared more about the killings, but they knew Baxter had something valuable buried on his farm. Eventually somebody would decide to go looking for it and claim it for Uncle Sam. I had to agree with Bob North about one thing; the government really didnt need that money more than a common citizen. I wanted the Baxter girls to get the money, not Uncle Sam.
My theory at this point was that John Doe wanted the money he could lift from Brian Mason to fund his existence until he found the gold buried on the Baxter farm. He targeted the right guy. Mason clearly had a few dollars to spare. The house had run down while he lay inside decomposing into the floor, but it was in a high-dollar neighborhood, and Mason seemed like a high-dollar guy. While I stood there talking to Jack, a patrolman came out to tell him they found a wall safe.
We went inside and found it in the basement. It was a good-sized safe for a private house, and somebody cleaned it out good. The door fell off to one side and landed on the floor. The wall had black marks all around the opening.
Whoever did this knew what they were doing, Jack said. They used just enough to destroy the hinges and lock, but not enough to damage the contents. On top of that, none of the neighbors reported hearing an explosion. The security service this guy had answered an alarm to the house, but somebody at the house identified himself as Mason and they went away.
I stayed at the crime scene with Jack for a few more hours, and finally decided to stop for the day and go home. I went home with my head full of theories, but not a lot of facts just yet. I intended to change that.

The next day, I decided to work on finding the third conspirator in the smuggling operation. I had the name Jason Cunningham rolling around in my head. Sometimes you dont really have a lot of evidence; all you have is a hunch. But you have to be careful with hunches. A hunch is a medical condition of the upper back that gives you bad posture; good investigative work is another matter. You can start with a hunch, but youd better check it out first. So when I got up the next day, I phoned Tim Cable in North Dakota to ask him if he could remember who handled the smuggled gold case state side. I wanted to see if he recognized the name Jason Cunningham. Cable said it sounded familiar, but if Jason Cunningham was part of the stateside investigation, he had nothing to do with it. Cable was in Iraq and Kuwait; another MP handled the stateside work. He gave me the name of another former MP now working for the Santa Fe, N.M. police department. The mans name was Roger Voltzman, and when I called him, he remembered the case immediately.
Sure I remember that, he said. We had the names of a dozen or more suspects from the Ft. Bliss and El Paso area and half a dozen other addresses, but when we served the warrants all we found were empty houses. We never found a trace of even one of person. They all vanished.
He told me they had the local civilian law enforcement and the FBI involved as well. It sounded like the entire federal government wanted in on it. Of course they did, there was gold involved. That tends to bring out the worst in people. From Voltzmans description, the government agents all spent a lot of time running around chasing down nothing. They spent months on it, and came up with nothing but rumors and ghosts of rumors.
Bob North told me Jason Cunningham made off with most of the money, and lived the high life for a long time. Then the money ran out, and he needed more. He probably knew North and Baxter smuggled one last stash of gold into the United States and he wanted in on it. Bob North cashed his in and had it invested in his businesses, but Baxter didnt. The state sent to prison and he died there, so his stash was still hidden somewhere. Cunningham would have known that, so he went looking for it. He avoided the dragnet the government put out and vanished. What I didnt know was what happened to all the other people. Voltzman told me they had about a dozen suspects involved in the smuggling. It included people not only involved in moving the gold, but a lot of other stolen goods Baxter and North lifted off the army back in the old days.
I had no idea how Id track them down, but maybe I could get lucky with Cunningham. I put his name into a database but turned up nothing. I asked Jack to do the same, but he came up with the same result. It looked like Cunningham disappeared into thin air just like all the other suspects back in the day. The last reference we found was the warrant issued back in the old days. It seemed like he just vanished, but that would make sense if he kept assuming new identities. He killed Joe Holman and used his identity for a long time, and he did the same with Brian Mason. It was a pattern, and something hed gotten very good at over the years. I expected him to keep doing it too.

The day after we found Brian Masons body, I met Jack for lunch. I wanted to know if they found anything at the crime scene, and if the lab guys came up with anything.
The place seems pretty clean, Jack said. We didnt recover any fingerprints. All we got was a shell casing from a .32 automatic, just like the other victims. We didnt find anything pointing to a suspect.
What about that name I gave you? I asked.
Jason Cunningham? No luck, we got confirmation of dates of service from the military, but nothing else, Jack said.
Did they have a hometown? I asked. I think my suspect might come from the Northwest.
They gave Tulsa as his hometown, Jack said. But he might have moved. Or maybe it just means his mother lived there. Who knows?
I really want to catch this killer. Hes caused a lot of pain and suffering. He lures men in with offers of love and then kills them and takes their identity. Hes like a gay black widow.
Youre assuming things there, Jack said. Maybe he hates gays and this is how he traps them. Remember the Gregg killings back in the old days?
Of course, I remembered the Gregg killings. Those happened back when I still worked for the Stevensburg Police Department. We thought we had a single killer. But, it turned out to be a gang, led by a sadistic homophobe named Alexander Gregg. They put ads in gay magazinesno internet back thenand targeted wealthy gay men. They would con them into showing up at a motel with money, and then kill them. Nasty group of punks too, they told us when we caught up with them that they hated gays and always made sure all their victims died in pain. They burned one victim alive.
Jack had a point. I didnt really know my suspects orientation. I just assumed he was gay, but maybe not. Maybe he would turn out to be just like Alexander Gregg. I wouldnt know until I caught up with him. The only thing I knew for certain at that point was he used the promise of love to lure gay men into some sort of trap, and he would probably do it again.

It seemed like Jason Cunningham lived the highlife until the money from all that smuggled gold ran out, and then he went looking for more. When he learned Tom Baxter died in prison, he went after the mans cellmate, and hit pay dirt. A theory is just a theory, now I had to go out and test it. I had to find out where Jason Cunningham was today. If my theory proved correct, Id also find my killer and recover the stolen loot as well.
I decided to go back to the Mason house and have another look around. By now, Jack and his crew would be done with the place, and I could wander around without interference. When I got to the Mason house, I found something alarming. Somebody had gone through it before I got there. The police seal on the back door was broken, and somebody had clearly come and gone since the police left. I put my hand on my .45 and swept into the room. I stopped inside the doorway and listened. The house was silent. Somebody returned here and went through the place after the cops sealed it up and left. Nobody was supposed to get inside after cops seal up the doors.
I went inside the house afraid of what I might find. I didnt know if the bad guy was still inside or not. I swept through the house, but found no sign of anybody else. I found no sign of another person or a sign anything had been disturbed. If anybody came inside, they didnt leave a trace. Once I felt sure nobody else was in the house, I relaxed a little. Whoever it was probably came to make one last survey for whatever it was he came here hoping to find, and then left. Somehow, he must have known the police hadn't found it first. He came back to make one last, desperate search for something important. When he killed Mason, my suspect must have asked Mason to bring something to their first meeting in the motel room, but he didnt. So he came here looking for it and ended up killing Mason. It might even explain why I found the seal on the door broken, and why he came back to search the place one last time after the police searched it. Of course, it might not mean anything. I didnt know for a fact they guy who broke the seal on the door was my suspect. Anybody might have come inside here. It might have just been some punk kids looking to steal something or mess around.
My suspect followed Mason here to get something from him. It also explained why he blew open the safe downstairs. Mason had something my suspect needed. I wanted to find out if Brian Mason was ever part of the original smuggling investigation. I had already worn out my welcome with Bob North, so I decided to bother Tim Cable one more time. I called him up and asked him if he remembered the name Brian David Mason. He did.
Sure, I remember that name, Cable said. He wasnt a suspect though. Mason was a cop. He served as a liaison between the MPs and the civilian PD during the smuggling investigation. He worked for the police in El Paso. They even sent him over to Kuwait during part of the investigation.
Do you know anybody who would want him dead? I asked. Hes a murder victim.
Im sorry to hear that, Cable said. But not really. I didnt know him very well, and its been a long time ago. I dont recall him having any enemies. The only thing I remember about him is he kept careful records. He created his own system of keeping records, a file system of his own. He kept copies of everything. Since hes dead, I guess I can pass this much along. We started keeping an eye on him back then. You see he started hanging around with one of our suspects a little too much, a guy named Jason Cunningham. On top of that it seemed like he had more money than a cops income would explain.
Thank you, I said. Thats all I needed.
It confirmed part of my theory, but it didnt all add up yet. I wanted to know what Mason kept in his files. He probably kept a file on the smuggling operation in his safe downstairs. If so, then it might explain why my suspect followed Mason to his home. What he wanted was that file.
The mysterious intruder who broke the police seal entered and left the Mason house from the back door, so I decided to leave the same way I imagined he would. I pressed myself against the brick wall between the shrubs outside just like somebody trying to hide from a suspicious neighbor. Even with the yard hidden by tall hedges and a fence, the guy probably took no chances on somebody seeing him.
So I left the house and visually swept the pathway ahead and found something. Pressed between the black-plastic edging around the shrubs and the wall I found a business card. Somebody passing this way between the shrubs and the wall of the house had dropped it. What I found was a card for a real estate agent. It wasnt much of a clue, but it changed everything.



Chapter 10


All I had was a real estate agents business card. I didnt know if it would lead me to a killer or to nothing. I didnt know who dropped it behind the bushes at Masons house. Maybe my suspect dropped, but it could have been a cop shopping for a house. It might do nothing but lead me right back around to where I started. I had no idea how long my John Doe suspect used Brian Masons identity, or what he might have bought under that name. In fact, I didnt know if he bought anything under that name or any other. All I knew was he had a pattern of using his victims identities.
Greed drove part of what my John Doe suspect did, cruelty drove the rest. He enjoyed playing games with people. If he already had the loot from the Baxter farm and from the Brian Mason house, then why did he need to go looking for another victim? Sure, he wanted even more money, but I think he also just wanted another victim. He enjoyed the power and pleasure of using other people like toys.
At first, I thought my suspect killed and robbed out of some economic motivation, but now I saw another pattern. Maybe he needed the money, but maybe there was more to it. Instead, it all amounted to some kind of game to him. He played people and swindled them just for the sake of doing it. He liked watching them suffer.
I didnt have a name for this guy yet, I had to call him by his latest alias or just call him John Doe, but I had a better picture of him. I dont mean a physical picture, but an image of his character. This guy left a trail of broken and used people behind him everywhere he went. He liked hurting people, and he used and killed them for sport. When the money ran out, hed go find another victim and start the process all over again. I expected John Doe to keep on killing and hurting people until the day he died. This guy was a monster, and I wanted to shut him down.

I went back to the office and did a little online research. I pulled up a database of properties for sale, and scrolled through the list of real estate transactions until I stopped at the one with the name B.D. Mason beside it. The agent listed on the website and the name on the business card matched. So I called the agent and discovered the place was still for sale. The agent sounded surprised anybody called. He said nobody had shown much interest, and admitted he hadn't seen the place for months. He told me it was far in the backwoods, and he lived in another city far away from the property. He also said the property had fallen into ruin. The man gave me a website address, and I pulled up some photos of it. He was right. The place looked like a wreck.
The real estate agent said he hadn't heard from the owner in months. It sounded like they both gave up on the property and just walked away from it. I knew I needed to go there and see for myself. I didnt know what Id find, but I wanted to see this junk property for myself. My suspect went there, so I planned to follow and see what I found.
When I finished my online research, I felt tired. I needed to get my eight hours of sleep or Id wreck the car during my drive out into rural Moreau County. I left a note for Erin to cancel my appointments the next day, climbed up the stairs to the residence, and went to sleep.
I had nothing on my mind for the last several days except death and killing, and it showed in my dream life. That night I dreamed I wandered through an underground maze of some kind following a trail of men through the dark. All of them shuffled their feet in silence and moved steadily toward nothing. In the dream, I kept asking the guy in front of me where we were going. He just pointed ahead and didnt say anything. I followed along in a line of men through the dark not knowing where we went. They all shuffled their feet and dragged along in a slow lethargic line. I kept wondering why they all dragged their feet and shuffled as they walked, and then I noticed they were all dead. All of them had empty eye sockets and shriveled up skin. I followed Brian Mason, Joe Holman, and David McKay through some kind of maze deep under the earth. We wandered around in aimless circles underground. Roots and things hung down from the roof of the maze. The place was dark, and the only light came from torches set in the walls. I looked behind me and saw an endless trail of the dead following behind me. A faceless hooded figure, the grim reaper, lead us along through the tunnels underground. I got out of the line, ran past the walking corpses ahead of me, and caught up to the one leading us. I went up to him and grabbed his shoulder. I spun him around. I wanted to see his face. I expected to see the face of my suspect. The face Id never seen, and maybe get him to say his name. I found a face full of black rot and maggots looking back at me. He leveled down on me with a pistol, a .32 automatic. I woke up screaming in a clammy cold sweat.
Ive heard a theory that if you die in a dream, you will die in real life the same day. Maybe I had nothing to worry about, because I woke up before the bad guy in the dream pulled the trigger. I didnt die, but it wasnt a very cheerful way to start my day.
I got up and checked my cellphone to see if I had any messages since I last looked. I found a message from Jack. He said they tracked down the woman mentioned in Brian Masons robbery report from the motel. She was a part-time escort named Eva Prince, but they hadn't found her yet. I wondered if they would find her, alive I mean. The name Eva Prince sounded familiar, but I couldn't think why. I went back to the real estate record I pulled up earlier that day and looked at it again. The name on the records gave the name as B.L. Mason, but there was another name. They listed a girl by the name of Eva Prince as witness. So my John Doe suspect took his favorite hooker with him the day he decided to buy some property for a dollar, and had her sign in the blank that said witness. It made as much sense as anything, theres no law against a hooker being witness to a real estate transaction.
I logged into the database and searched for Eva Prince. It came up with a photo. She looked to be in her mid-20s and had the pained and pinched expression of somebody who has lived a long life on drugs and violence. She looked like a very old mid 20s. The same database had a link to known acquaintances. I flipped through them, wondering if any of them might be my suspect.
Several of them were already in prison, and a few others were dead. That narrowed it down to three. I wanted to find a hit on the name Jason Cunningham, but I didnt get one. I looked at the three faces, and none looked familiar. The names didnt registerDarrel Hammond, Pete Chops, and Henry Blevins. Besides the names not registering, they just didnt seem smart enough to be my guy. Running a con like my suspect used on Cindy Baxter requires at least an average level of intelligence, and these three didnt even look average. Granted a police mug shot would probably make even Einstein look like a dolt, but these guys just looked dumber than toast.
The information I got from Jack said Eva Prince worked as a waitress at a bar in Stevensburg called The Big Cat when she wasnt turning tricks. So I went there to talk to the owner before I went out to go see this property out in the county. I went there expecting to find a strip club, but it was more like a seedy bar mixed with a restaurant. The girls working there all looked a bit like youd expect they were all part-time hookers just like Eva Prince. I have to admit, I found the scenery inside the place inspirational. When I got there, I asked the girl working the front desk for the owner. She said he just got there and directed me to his office in the back. The guys name was Arnold Stein and said he hadn't seen Eva in a long time. He looked up at me from a desk covered with paperwork a foot high, and took my business card as I introduced myself. He read the card, and turned it over like he was inspecting it for flaws.
So youre a private detective? Sure, I know Eva. She worked here full time, and then she disappeared. Eva just didnt show up for work one day. Stein said. I knew she ran a part time business maybe I didnt want to know about. But she never tried to run her sideline out of the bar, so I never pried into it. Then all of a sudden, she stopped showing up for work. One of the other girls said she met a guy. Thats all I know.
I got the name of the other girl and talked to her for a few minutes. The girls name was Helen MacArthur. She worked with Eva for a long time, and she sounded worried.
We were always close, Helen said. That girl told me everything. Look. I dont know what she got into. But she said she this guy met and they were going to get into some money. She told me they planned to rob this rich guy, and then get into some other money from somebody else. She made it sound like they were going to become millionaires. The last I heard from her, she said this guy she was hanging out with was living with another girl. But she said it was ok, because they were still a couple. She said he was searching for something on this chicks farm or something like that. Well, then all of a sudden she stops calling. She never told me where she went. She wouldnt just disappear like that. We were like sisters. I did keep just a little distance from her. Im a little crazy, but Im not a hooker. I really thought maybe she might get her act together. I hope somebody finds her. Are you looking for her?
I am, and Im working on finding the guy she hung around with, I replied.
Well I think something bad happened to her.
Why do you say that?
Because, she wouldnt just run off and not tell me where she went. You go find her. You have to find her. I know she did a lot of bad things, but  I liked her, she  She just always got in with bad people. When she got away from them, she really was an angel.
With that, Helen got a little teary eyed. I gave her a minute to get her composure back. It took her several minutes. Every time she started to speak, she choked up with tears all over again and couldnt get a word out. When she started speaking, her voice choked with emotion and tears.
The last time I heard from her, she said she and that guy she hooked up with had gotten a ton of money. They were going to have the highlife. She said they were traveling. But then the last time I heard from her, she sounded scared. She said he frightened her.
Do you know his name?
At first she said his name was Jason, but then she started calling him Brian. So, I dont know. I also remember her saying they brought a girl with them, some girl who gave them money. Eva always hung out with rough people, but not like that Jason or Brian or whatever his name was. The way she described him, he sounded just plain evil. He really did. I know something bad happened to her.
I could tell the two had been close, and she really was worried about Eva. The way her rap sheet read youd peg her as an evil person. And maybe she was. But even the worst person has another side, so Helen got the soft side of Eva Prince. Helen made Eva sound like she was all sweetness and light, but this girl also helped rob Brian Mason. She probably knew all about her boyfriends plan to kill him, and did nothing to stop him. But I dont know the whole story, maybe she couldnt stop him. Helen said she was an angel when she got away from the bad people in her social circle. I got the same story with Joe Holman. I saw stories like that a lot during my police days. I still see stories like this. Maybe her friend was right, maybe Eva Prince was an angel who never got a decent break in life. I dont know. By the time this case ended, I had a mixed picture of Eva Prince. One source made her sound like the victim of a hard-luck life, and another made her sound like evil in the flesh.
When I finished talking to Helen, I headed out on the highway. The time I spent at The Big Cat had taken longer than I expected, but I still had time to reach the house and property before dark. So I got on the highway, and then followed the GPS until I got there. When I pulled into the driveway, I could see why it hadn't sold. Anybody who drove out here to see it probably turned around and left. A layer of dirt and grime covered the windows and the roof had a definite sag in it. I half expected to see a condemned sign slapped on the place when I got out of the car and walked up to the door.
Before I went inside, I decided to have a look around outside. It looked like nobody had been there in ages. I poked around, looking to see what I might find. Mostly I went looking for signs of anything buried, like maybe Baxters stash. But, it just looked like another neglected property.
Eventually I went inside. The door swung open and creaked on rusty hinges. I found an empty room full of dust and cobwebs. The entire house seemed empty at first. I heard a sound coming from the back bedroom. It sounded like something metal rubbing against metal.
I took the .45 out of the shoulder holster and slowly walked down the hallway. I got to the bedroom and peeked in through the crack of the door. I could see movement, but couldnt tell what it was. I pushed the door open and found a perfect picture of horror. I found a half-starved girl looking up at me from the floor with the deepest and saddest eyes Id ever seen. She was naked and shivering, and had a chain fastened around her neck. The chain was bolted into the wall above her head. The girl sat against the wall looking up at me like I was some sort of angel. She started to stand up and come toward me, but she fell. I picked up a filthy blanket off the floor and wrapped her in it. The chain around her neck cut into her skin, and made a red inflamed circle. I pulled out my cellphone and called for an ambulance.
The room looked like a snake pit, or the lowest level of hell. She survived on rats, and whatever else wandered up through a hole in the floor. Shed left a nasty pile of dead and half-eaten rats in the corner. Try to imagine that, living on a diet of rat meat for month after endless month. The only water she had come from the same broken window. From what I knew about my suspects movements, this place had probably been abandoned close to four months at least. Yet this girl survived. But survived was all she did. The girls ribs and hips poked through her skin, and her skin hung loose on her. She looked like exactly what she was, a famine victim, or a skeleton with a thin layer of skin. I wondered if shed survive long enough for the ambulance to get there.
I tried talking to her, but I couldnt get her to make sense. She just sort of mumbled and stared out the window as if there were nobody else in the room. She kept a tight grip on me, but never looked at me or tried to talk to me. I asked her name, and got at least that much. But even that meant I had to ask her three times. The third time I asked, Can you tell me your name? she finally responded. Amber Mercer, she said in a weak and pitiful voice. Talking required more effort than she could spare, and I could scarcely hear her when she answered me.
When I put my arms around her to help her stand up, she felt like a bag of sticks. She felt delicate and fragile. There was a chain around her neck bolted into the wall. I wanted to move her and at least get her out of all that dirt, so I set her to one side and used my .45 to bust the chain. I held the pistol right up against one of the links and pressed the trigger. The link vanished. I got her up just long enough to get her out of her own filth, and take her into the front room.
The couch was filthy as well, but cleaner than the spot shed been sitting in for god only knew how many months. I set her down on the couch as gently as I could. She felt so fragile right then; I thought I might break her somehow. The girl was alive, but just barely. It looked like if I shined a flashlight in her face the shock of it might kill her. My suspect tried to kill her. He left her behind chained to the wall expecting her to die of starvation or exposure. She wasnt dead, but the girl clearly suffered greatly.
I left her there on the couch wrapped in that blanket while I made a quick survey of the room. I kicked through the trash scattered across the floor and found all kinds of vials of different drugs and what looked like used crack pipes and other signs of drug use. I didnt bother reading the names on the vials, it really didnt matter anymore. From the age and the amount of dust and dirt, she ran out of drugs a long time earlier. So he had left her there with some sort of drug stash, but nothing to eat.
I tried asking her a few questions, but nothing she said made sense. She just clung to me like she thought I might disappear or maybe I might go away and leave her there. I wanted to sweep through the rest of the house to check for bad guys, but when I left the room, she started screaming. I peeked into the rest of the rooms, and then went back to her. The girl calmed down when I came back.
The ambulance arrived a few minutes later and loaded her up. I followed them to the hospital, and when I got there, they recognized her name but didnt really know much about her. This was a small town way out in the country, one of those towns where everybody knows everybody else, but even they didnt know much about her. One of the nurses told me her parents died two years ago, and left her the house and property. They said she had a reputation as a small-town party girl, but then a year ago she met a rich guy on the internet and just disappeared. They all assumed she left with him for some other place.
I left the hospital and got a motel down the highway. I lay awake that night thinking about Amber trapped in that house for six months starving and depending on rats to come walking up though the floor for food, and rain water falling in through the broken window for water. I had to admit her stamina impressed me. She was one tough little girl, and a lucky one too. Only a bit of luck and gods grace saved her. The killer decided to be cruel and let her die of starvation and exposure. If he had chosen the efficient route and used a gun, she wouldnt have survived.
When I went back the next day to check on her, she looked a lot healthier. Her face had some color to it, and she made sense now and then when I asked her a question. I asked her if she knew anybody named Brian David Mason, or Joe Holman, but she just shook her head. Either the names all slipped out of her head during her ordeal in the house, or my suspect was already using another name. I repeated the name Brian Mason, and she said it might sound familiar, but she didnt know. The effort only got her upset, and she started crying. I left her alone. I could ask her about Brian Mason later.
When they released her two weeks later, she was still skinny as hell and still looked sick, but she sounded coherent and looked healthier. I learned she had no relatives to go live with, and she certainly couldnt go back to that disaster of a house. I called Erin and told her to get a room ready in The Castle. When they released her from the hospital, shed need a place to hide. I figured when my suspect learned she hadn't died like he expected, hed come looking for her or send another of his hitmen to get rid of her.
So I persuaded her to come live with me. Actually, Erin persuaded her to do that. I asked her to come up and talk to the girl, and she got her to come live at The Castle.
At the castle, she had plenty of people watching over her. Erin doesnt come across as a formidable opponent when you first meet her, but that changes when you see her on the firing range. Amber was well protected with Erin watching over her. In addition to sheltering her, I wanted to get information out of her. When he lived with the Baxter girls, my suspect put up a front of sorts. He seemed normal most of the time, but Amber saw the other side. She was one of the few people who saw this monster up close and survived. I could learn a lot from her, maybe enough to track him down.

What I got out of her during her stay with me at The Castle was a story of torture and horror. It sounded like my John Doe took Amber Mercer and Eva Prince on a cruise through hell. Among the things Amber inherited from her parents was a nice land yacht. The three of them cruised the highways in one of those huge RVs you see cruising along the highways in the summer.
Amber told me she answered a personals ad from a guy who sounded like her typerich, fun, and ready to go. At first, it all went exactly like she expected. Her description of him sounded a lot like the Joe Holman that Cindy Baxter first encountered, charming and persuasive.
From the moment he arrived, he supplied her with everything she wanted. It sounded like fun at first, but then he had complete control of her. He started injecting her with drugs she didnt know the name of, and she would sink into a fuzzy world where everything he wanted became her desire, no matter how outrageous or obscene.
I asked her what happened to the other girl, the one I assumed was Eva Prince, but she just shivered and refused to keep talking. Amber said that for a time the other girl had it worse. Every time my suspect wanted something perverse or obscene done, he called her in to do it. She did, and Amber would just watch. For a time Amber drew the line at golden showers and rimming. The other girl acted like nothing got to her. Eva probably had done those things longer than she could remember, but for Amber it was all new and disgusting. She refused no matter what John Doe offered, or what he threatened to do to her. That was in the beginning. In the story I slowly got out of Amber during her stay with me at The Castle, the bastard eventually had her so entirely under his control she wouldnt refuse anything.
Amber told me within a few weeks he turned her into a slave just like Eva. Then Eva disappeared. Amber said she didnt remember what happened to her, but I could guess it wasnt something good.
I just recall one night hearing sounds coming from the bedroom, Amber said. We were parked somewhere, and I could hear him hitting her and things slamming against the wall. Then I heard her scream, but it didnt last long. I didnt see what happened. He was more and more violent with her, and left her with all these cuts and bruises. I just remember him carrying something out of the RV wrapped in a blanket.
She paused for a moment, and didnt want to keep talking. I could understand why she didnt want to keep talking, but I needed to hear the rest of her story. I prodded her to tell me more, but she said there wasnt more to tell.
I never saw her after that, Amber said. And the bed was covered in blood.
I wanted her to remember where they were, but she couldnt remember. She couldnt recall a single state, highway, or city. All she could remember was the drugs and the abuse. Her time with the suspect all blurred into one big thing.
I asked her again what names my John Doe suspect used during the time he had her. I wanted her to know the name my suspect used during the time he had her under his control. She wasnt sure, but said it might have been Brian. I wish she could have been more certain, but the fog of the abuse and the drugs was too much.
He used the name B.D. Mason on the real estate transaction he forced Amber into, but I didnt know if he used that name when he abandoned her. Worse, I didnt know what name he went by right then. If I knew that, it would make it easier to find him. Amber couldnt recall what name he used for certain. She just said Brian Mason sounded familiar.
The drug abuse left her with a scrambled set of memories of the last year or more. The haze even went back into the time from before she met the man. Unfortunately, for Amber, the drug abuse also culminated in John Doe stealing the entire contents of her bank account and getting her to sell the house for $1. The place hadn't sold yet, and probably never would. I could stop that with a single phone call in the morning. Once I explained what happened to the real estate agent, the listing would come down. If not, the agent might even get sent to jail. She wouldnt lose everything. The house looked like a total loss, but the land still had some value.
One night, not long after she got settled into her room in The Castle, Amber came into my room. I looked up and watched her approach the bed. She wore a thin t-shirt and a pair of sweat pants Erin loaned her. Since she got out of the hospital, she had put on a little bit of weight. It suited her, and made her look a lot prettier. I guess I just hadn't noticed it until then.
She sat down next to me, and looked thoughtful. She got my hopes up for a moment, but that wasnt why she came to see me. She remembered a stop they made during the time John Doe had her in the RV. They went to a festival of some kind, and he used it to lure girls into the RV. Amber recalled him giving alcohol and a few drugs to girls that came back to the RV with him. She said the festival might have lasted three days and it had music. She said it was in the southwest.
We still had Eva with us back then, Amber said. Because she would help him lure these girls back to the RV. She tricked the girls, and made them think it was safe to go back to the RV with him. My god those two did such awful things to them. Do I have to talk about this?
I told her no, and she could stop now. Then a second later, she turned to look at me. Amber looked thoughtful for a second, and then added a little detail.
The RV broke down, she said. I remember that, and Brian left it with a shop with a giant yellow RV out front mounted on a pole. I can't remember the name, but I remember the sign.
If I got lucky, maybe she would remember more details as time went on. Maybe it would lead me right to him, then I could get Baxters loot and put him in jail. I hoped so anyway, but I didnt know yet, and only time would tell.
Amber returned to her room, and I got busy on the internet looking for something matching her description of a three-day music festival in the southwest. That covered a lot of ground and all kinds of styles of music and different times. I came up with one near Flagstaff, and then I started searching for RV repair places. I hit pay dirt. I found a place called Big Yelos RV-World not far from Flagstaff, and there had been a music festival there about 18 months ago, very close to the time Amber gave me. That had to be it. Before I fell asleep, I left a message for Erin to look after Amber while I was gone, and to cancel my appointments for the next day. I planned to go out to Arizona to search for Ambers missing RV.

I flew out to Flagstaff, and then rented a car to go find Big Yelos RV-World. When I got there, I pulled into the lot and looked up at the bright yellow RV mounted on a stick. I thought maybe theyd use a fiberglass model, but no they had a real RV painted bright yellow on a stick. It was a small RV, but still they really stuck an entire yellow RV on a stick and put it way up on the air.
I was still looking up at the thing when a salesman walked up and asked me if I wanted to buy an RV. I said no, and told him I had come to claim an RV they fixed up a few months back. I presented some paperwork identifying myself as Amber Mercers representative, and asserting ownership of the RV. It took some time to sort out, because my suspect left the thing under the Brian Mason name.
A man wearing a nametag identifying him as the general manager came over to look at the papers I had. The manager said they repaired it a long time ago, but couldnt find the owner. They were about to go through a collection agency to get payment for the repairs when I showed up.
We wondered what happened to the owner, the manager said. We tried contacting the numbers the repair contract but nobody answered.
Well things have been a little complicated, I said. We need to have it delivered. Do you know where we can hire a driver?
We dont have any drivers for hire, he said. Let me go talk to Rick in the front office. He has a list of people who do that sort of work.
While he was gone, I searched around the RV. I checked the bedroom, but found no signs of blood or any sign of a fight. That didnt mean Ambers story wouldnt check out, it just meant my John Doe suspect cleaned up after himself.
I started looking through the cabinets, but came up with nothing. Then I looked inside one of the little boxes up around the drivers seat. I pulled up a nice fat chunk of gold from the back of one of the boxes. It confirmed my theory the suspect was carving off chunks and selling it a little at a time. The piece I held in my hand would probably bring a little more than a grand and still had marks on it from the saw that cut it from another larger piece of gold. It might have turned out to be all the gold I ever recovered, so I put it in my pocket.
I liked finding that chunk of gold; for one thing, it proved I was on the right track. Mostly though I just wanted to get the RV back to Stevensburg, and see what Jack and his boys at the police department might find.
Every criminal leaves a clue behind, you just have to understand the importance of the clue when you find it. Sometimes the most important clue is sitting right in front of you but you can't see it, or you do see it but you dont know why its important. If a murder happened in that RV, then the killer left a clue of some kind. I just needed to get the thing to the right people in order to find it. If my suspect left any sort of clue behind, Jack and his crew would find it. 



Chapter 11


About a week after I delivered Ambers RV to the Stevensburg Police Department, I got a call from Jack. He said his people had gone over it and found traces of blood in the sleeping area. The DNA matched up with Eva Prince, but they only found traces. It wasnt enough to prove a murder happened inside the RV. It just proved somebody got a cut and bled a little. Maybe it didnt prove anything by itself, but it backed up Ambers story.
When I went out searching for Ambers RV, I really didnt expect to find Eva Prince either dead or alive. The odds were against it, and Amber had provided me a pretty garbled and sketchy story of her time in the RV with John Doe. The story she told didnt always make much sense, but the gist of it was something bad happened to Eva. And the most likely thing was the bad guy killed her. Ambers story didnt give me very many clues to follow. I decided to try anyway. I had to. I couldnt leave it undone that way.
In theory, I was supposed to stick to tracking my suspect and recover Baxters gold, but I couldnt separate that from all the killing John Doe had done. When I found the killer, Id find the gold. So solving the killings and finding the gold almost amounted to the same thing. I didnt expect to find gold when I found Eva Prince, but I did expect to get just a little bit closer to finding my suspect. If I did that, then I could find Baxters gold, return it to the Baxter girls, and save everybody a lot of needless pain and suffering. As far as I knew, my suspect left three living victimsfour if you counted the child he had with Cindyand all of them were in dire circumstances. Ambers life wasnt in danger anymore, but it would take her years to recover fully from what he did to her.
If I wanted to find Eva Prince, I would have to go back to Amber and press her with more questions. I knew, buried way down deep in that drug-scrambled brain of hers, she had a perfect memory of the murder. And even if she didnt remember the murder, Id bet my life she knew where John Doe buried her. And if she didnt remember that, then she knew where they stopped the RV when it happened.
I decided to use a little hypnosis. I have mixed feelings about hypnosis. Sometimes it helps me out, and sometimes I just get rubbish. I decided to make the experiment this time and bring in a hypnotist. Maybe he could help Amber remember a few more details and give me an idea where my suspect left Eva Prince.
When I decide to try the hypnosis thing, I always hire a shrink from Stevensburg University to help me. The guys name is Gilbert Holmes, and he usually gets good results. Hes a professor of psychology and hes written three books on the subject. He travels around the country giving lectures, and working as a consultant for law enforcement. Hes a scientist, not just some stage hypnotist working the nightclub circuit. I called Amber first to explain what I wanted to do. She agreed to meet with Gilbert, so I made the appointment.

When we got there, Gilbert already had his office arranged for our session. He put blackout curtains over the windows to make the room dark as possible. When we got there, he asked us sit down, drew all the curtains shut, and turned out all but one of the lights. He sat down in a chair next to Amber and explained how hypnotism works.
First of all hypnotism isn't something you can do to another person without their cooperation, Holmes said. Forget all the nonsense youve seen in the movies where they hypnotist zaps people into a trance. The subject, and thats you, has to cooperate. So first of all just take a few minutes to relax. Then well get started.
He set a shiny crystal at the end of a string hanging from a frame sitting on his desk. Amber relaxed for a few minutes, and then Gilbert gave the crystal a twist with his fingers and set it spinning. He asked her to watch the crystal, and then turned out the last light in the room. Once my eyes adjusted to the dark, I realized the only thing giving out any light was that crystal. I looked around the room for another light source, but couldnt find it.
Sitting in the dark with nothing else to watch besides a bright shiny crystal does things to you. It created a powerful effect, and after a few minutes, it felt like the entire universe reduced itself to just me and that bright, spinning crystal. I had to look down at my hands or I would have fallen into a trance myself. Amber eventually went into a hypnotic trance, just like Gilbert said she would. As for myself, I just fell asleep. I woke up to find Gilbert standing over me. He poked my shoulder a few times and whispered in my ear.
You fell asleep, and you started snoring, he said. If you do that again, Ill have to make you leave.
I started to say something, but he motioned for me to keep silent. I sat up and waited until Gilbert started asking the questions I gave him. I emailed Gilbert a list of things I wanted him to ask, and he started with those.
I want you to remember the last time you saw Eva Prince, Gilbert said.
Ambers eyelids fluttered and she moved her head from side to side. It looked like she might come out of the trance. I felt a little anxious this would turn into a waste of my time and money. Then she started speaking.
The RV along the highway, Amber said.
What was she doing? Gilbert asked.
She was  she was  no 
Tell me what you saw Eva Prince doing.
She was begging.
What did she beg for?
Her life  she was with him and he  no ...
Who was he? Who was the man she was with?
Brian.
What was he doing?
No. ... he was  he was he was killing her.
How did he kill her?
With the knives and  the pins.
Pins? Tell me about the pins.
Nails. Very long nails.
I leaned over and pointed farther down the list of questions I emailed him before we got there. I wanted him to get to asking where my suspect left the body. Gilbert nodded his head and motioned for me to sit back and just let him work.
Did Eva die?
Yes.
Where did she go? What did Brian do with her?
He killed her.
Where did he 
He left her with the Indian.
Tell me about the Indian.
The broken Indian. He left her with the broken Indian. We found on the highway.
Where did you meet the Indian?
On the highway. I saw him standing in the highway.
How was he broken?
He had no arms. His nose was missing.
What did the Indian do with Eva?
Nothing. He buried her.
Where did he bury her?
At his feet.
Where did you find the Indian?
On the highway.
Where on the highway? What city?
No city. In the desert.
Gilbert did a good job with all his follow up questions, but I thought I recognized this Indian she suddenly remembered. It sounded familiar. I wrote a note and passed it to Gilbert. He read it, and then asked the questions I wrote down.
How tall was the Indian?
Tall.  very tall. Bigger than the bus.
And what color was he?
Red and yellow.
I motioned to Gilbert that we could wrap up the session. I recognized her description, or at least I thought I did. If I was right, then I only had to fly out to Arizona and find the Indian and Eva Princes last resting place.

When the government built the interstates, they routed traffic away from the old highways they built in the 1920s. That caused several towns along the old numbered federal highways to become ghost towns. I thought I recognized Ambers description. It sounded like one of the smaller ghost towns out in Arizona near the interstate. I have an art photobook at home about the ghost towns in the Southwest, and that busted-up statue is a popular photo subject for every photographer who wanders through there. I took Amber back to The Castle and looked it up just to check that I remember it correctly, and found exactly the statue I recalled on page 132. The book had a photo spread of a ghost town called Gun Well. I showed it to Amber. The picture got her all choked up, and she handed it back to me crying. I knew I had the right place. I booked a flight and arranged a rental car.
I gave all the information I had to Jack, and asked him to help me with the police out there. He called the cops in Arizona and said hed make sure they took me seriously. I got a call back from the local police saying they would get a warrant, and agreed to meet me when I arrived. When I got there, I met a deputy named Robert Smith at the airport.
I got my rental car, and then followed him out to Gun Well not far from the Interstate. Some of the abandoned towns sit right along the interstate. This one doesnt, you have to take difficult back roads and trails to reach it. Back in the 1940s, this was a thriving area, but they depended on traffic along the old highways to keep the town going. The interstate killed the town. Over time, all the buildings rotted into the ground and disappeared. The rest of the buildings vanished long ago, but the ruins of the motel are still there. The Big Chief Motel still survived as a ruined building along the highway. In addition to the ruined building, the only thing left was the rapidly decaying painted-concrete statue out front.
When we got there, we found the broken Indian. The last 60 years have treated the old Indian pretty badly. The nose and both arms have fallen off, and most of the paint has peeled away. Here and there, you can see the faded and peeling remains of a garish red and yellow paint scheme. Back in the old days, he must have made for a colorful spectacle. I bet the tourists loved him. Somewhere out there some old grandma has a picture of herself standing underneath the 15-foot Indian.
I didnt see signs of a grave when I first got there, but the search hadn't started yet. As we pulled up, I saw three other vehicles from the sheriff department and the state police. I introduced myself, and briefly recounted the Baxter case for them. Deputy Smith introduced me to the man from the state police. He said his name was Josh Rollins. His car had K-9 written across it. I watched the dog in the back seat. The dog looked eager to get out of the car.
Well if shes here.  What was her name again? Im sorry, but I just go the phone call this morning.
Her name was Eva Prince, I said.
Well if Eva is here, well find her, he said. I brought one of our cadaver dogs. His name is Hector, and Ive had good results with him.
Good results indeed. The dog looked agitated and ready to get moving before they even released him from the car, he could smell the scent of death from the back seat. Rollins released the dog, and he went on alert right at the statues feet. It took almost an hour, because the cops dug her out carefully, but they unearthed her exactly where Amber remembered.
The dry desert air preserved the body. It had badly dried out, but I could recognize her from the photo I brought with me. The outlines of her face hadn't changed. Eva Princes long and hard life finally came to an end. Amber got the detail about the nails right too. Eva looked like a pincushion. The man who killed her stuck her full of long guttering nails. Several fell out as the body decayed, and one of the officers picked one up. He turned it over, and then took out a tape measure. It measured almost a foot long. Besides the nails, she had very obvious knife wounds. Eva prince did not die easily or peacefully.
I got a motel close to the airport that night. I felt too tired to turn around and fly right back to Stevensburg the same day. I planned to leave in the morning. During the night, I had another of those weird dreams. I saw Eva Prince dead and all full of nails trying to talk to me. It played out a lot like the dream I had of the underworld. We were all walking along behind a hooded figure of death. Except now we had Eva Prince with us. The girl kept gesturing to me like she wanted to say something to me. I didnt wake up screaming this time, but I sat bolt upright in a cold sweat. I looked at the clock. It said 2 a.m. and tried to go back to sleep. I couldnt. I just lay in bed waiting for the alarm. When the alarm went off, I dragged myself out of bed and headed to the airport.

I found Eva Prince, but nothing told me where to find my suspect. I already had some information pointing me toward the west coast, but nothing to narrow it down to a particular city. Jack invited me to look through the stuff his boys pulled out of the RV after I turned it over to them. I saw a handwritten note among the items they had bagged. Jack said they found it fallen down behind the dashboard. It said, SVG in Portland 2 p.m. The date on the note placed it during the time my suspect spent in the RV with Eva and Amber. I asked Jack if they knew who or what SVG stood for, and he said no. It looked like my John Doe had an appointment with somebody named SVG.
I decided to go to Portland and have a look around. When my suspect abandoned Amber, he still used Brian Masons name. I went to Portland and started looking for signs of him under that name.
From there it looked like the trail went cold. I didnt find a single reference to anybody by that name. I started trying to think like a man on the run. I tried to think what services a guy running around with that much gold, and leaving a trail of bodies behind him might need. I knew one thing. My suspect was smart. He had avoided detection by some of the best in the businessboth law enforcement and private investigators.
For one thing, by now he probably knew he couldnt keep using the same identities. He probably read about Joe Holmans body being found on the farm, and knew we found Brian Masons body. All that information ran in the newspapers and all over the TV news. He was looking for another identity, either a new victim or somebody who could sell him a new name. I had a theory SVG was either another victim, or somebody in the business of making fake identities. The trial of bodies was starting to catch up with him, so he probably started looking for a chance to buy an identity. Buying a new identity isn't so hard, but buying one complete with state-issued papers is another matter.
The place to begin looking for a person in that line of work was, as always, with a friend of mine named Rick Olsen. I phoned him up and told him what wanted. Most of the time, he runs a respectable restaurant and nightclub in Stevensburg, but hes also my source for underworld contacts.
Sure I know plenty of people who can set that up, he said when I told him I wanted to buy a new identity. Rick sounded like it wouldnt be a problem, but then I told him the city.
Portland? Hell, I dont know anybody in Portland. Thats crazy, he said. That might take a little time. Ill have to make some calls. Does it have to be somebody from Portland?
Yes, you have to find me somebody from Portland, I said. And dont ask me why either, because I can't tell you.
Rick can be a good source of information, but he still has a shady side and I didnt trust him not to sell my information to the wrong people. I didnt know how long a little time might involve, so I settled myself in for a long wait. Rick called me back in two days. He found a source for me. I asked him for the best source for a new identity, new social security number, new licensesthe worksand price was no object. Sometimes Rick is good, and sometimes hes better than good. In two days time, he came back with the name Steven V. Guttmann. I had found the famous SVG. Rick told me SVG could sell me a new identity without any problem at all.

I flew into Portland the next day, and contacted Guttmann. I found the mans office in the back room of a combination music and drug paraphernalia store. He had the documents I agreed to purchase arranged for me to inspect. The best part was none of them were fake. He had, as I requested via Rick, provided me with an entirely new identity as Franklin Thomas Norton. The documents came from the state, and would withstand the closest scrutiny. I paid the man, and accepted the documents.
Now Mr. Guttmann, maybe you can help me with another matter, I said. I need to find someone, a man who might have used your services recently.
I showed him the police sketch based on the description the Baxter girls and Amber gave the cops in Stevensburg. Guttmann picked it up, studied it for a moment then passed it back to me. He didnt really look at the piece of paper, and he handed it back to me with an attitude.
In my line of work, its a bad habit to give out information on clients, he said. Its hazardous to a persons health.
I understand, I said. But everybody has a price.
At this point, I pulled out a roll of $100 bills, counted out a few, and laid them on the table. Guttmann counted them, and then shoved them back at me across the table between us.
I find the offer tempting, he said. But Id rather live long enough to spend my money. Selling out a man like the person youre looking for is not good for a man who wants to live to retire.
I understand, and this particular gentleman has a violent tendency, I said. But what is life without some risks? He would have been to see you around August, and he might have paid in gold.
At this point, I fished out the gold chunk I found in the RV and tossed it across to Guttmann. He picked it up and hefted it for a moment, then produced an electronic device he used to measure its quality. He set it down on the table with the money and leaned back in his chair.
Why exactly do you need to find this person so badly? he asked, shoving the chunk of gold back to me. Youre asking me to develop some very unprofessional habits, not to mention put my life on the line. The money and the gold is all very tempting, but Id rather not die. My job is to protect my clients from their enemies. Most people who come to me want to hide from somebody, and they dont like people who fail to keep a secret. So who are you? You just purchased a new identity, and you didnt arrest me. At least not yet. So I dont think youre a cop. 
You dont know who I am, do you? I said. You have to decide who youre more afraid of. Me or him?
Is that a threat? he said.
No. Just an observation, I said. Youre in an awkward position. Maybe I represent some branch of an organization with a special interest in our mystery man.
What are you, mafia? he asked. I dont want trouble with the mafia. I just sell a service to anybody who 
At this point, I produced the .45 from the shoulder holster and placed it on the table with the barrel pointed toward Guttmann. He swallowed hard and looked at me, scrambling for words.
Ok. I dont want the mafia on my case, he said. I had a guy in here not long ago. Less than a year. He paid with gold.
And what name did you provide him with, I asked.
Dont make me tell you that, he said. That will lead him right back to me, and like you said hes violent. . Look . I can.  I can tell you where he went. You can track him down with what I gave you. He said he wanted to buy a house in One Tree, Oregon. I won't tell you anything else.
Lots of people buy houses, I said. I need a name.
Dont make me give you the name, he said. He will know how you got it and come looking for me. No way can I give you that. He bought a house right on the ocean and he drives a bright red 1969 Mustang. Thats plenty for you to track him down. One Tree is a small town. It won't take you long to find him.
I could have kept pressing him for a name, but I didnt really think I would get it. Besides, the longer I spent with the guy, the more risk I ran of him seeing through my mafia wise guy act. I decided to quit while I was ahead and go on my way. Besides, he was right. I had all I needed to find him now. I just had to find the right house with a view of the ocean and the right car parked in the driveway.

In the end, I did eventually find the right guy with what he gave me. But it took several days of watching. I began to think maybe a million people drove bright red 1969 Mustangs in One Tree, Oregon.
First, I spotted a driver in traffic driving a Mustang who seemed like he was trying to avoid me. We drag raced down street after street. I eventually caught up with what I felt certain was my suspect. I had my hand on the butt of my .45 and I almost jumped out of the car firing when I saw my suspect was just some high school girl out joy riding. She wanted to make small talk and see what my car had under the hood, but I had other things to do. I just drove away shaking my head. I could have gotten one or both of us killed, so I decided to maybe remind myself not everybody driving a red 1969 Mustang was a killer with a stash of stolen gold. I waved to the girl and smiled as friendly as I could and went back to my motel and reminded myself to be more careful.
Another day, I followed a guy in a bright red Mustang for half the day. This time I didnt chase him. I just kept him in sight and followed him. I tracked him to his house and watched him get out of the car. The guy looked at least 90 years old and took all day to unfold a walker before he finally extracted himself from the car. Obviously, it wasnt him.
One Tree, Oregon turned out to be a very pretty but boring tourist village not far from Portland and Astoria. The 19th Century style buildings, most of them phony and built in the last 20 years, made the place look charming and pleasant enough. But after a few days in town, you ran out of things to do. One Tree was a nice town to look at, but boring at the same time. I started to wonder if my suspect felt the same way and skipped town.
I finally hit pay dirt when I spotted a bright red 1969 Mustang sitting outside a bar not far from the downtown area. I pulled over and parked at the curb to watch the car. I sat there almost two hours waiting and watching. Then, I looked across the street and saw the Mustang start up and its lights come on. It pulled out into traffic, and I started following him. This was, so far as I knew, the closest I had come to my suspect. Id been chasing this guy for what seemed like forever, and now at last I had this guy no more than 50 feet in front of me. I wanted to force him off the road and have it out with him right then. But I couldnt. I had too much traffic around me, and I was still thinking about those last two times where I followed the wrong person. I thought that high school kid and the old man were the right ones too, and they werent. So I settled back and followed the Mustang. I didnt chase him. I just kept him in sight so I could see where he went.
I could just see the mans head in the dim light of the car and the passing streetlights. I never got a good look at him, but I felt pretty sure I had the right guy this time. I didnt want him to know anybody was following him, so I kept a car between us the entire time. That worked as far as keeping my presence a secret, but it caused me to lose him at a traffic light. The light changed and the dimrod in front of me decided to stop for the yellow light. Before I could get around him, the light went red and I had traffic in the intersection. All I could do was curse and watch him speed away on the other side of the intersection.
When I got through, I had no idea where to go looking for him. I saw him turn right down Cotton Street, but I had no idea where he went after that. I followed Cotton Street until it dead-ended near the beach. Guttmann said the guy told him he intended to buy a house on the beach. So I got out and went for a walk.
I eyeballed the houses long the walkway. They all had long private driveways leading up to them, and they all probably cost a fortune. It would take a lot of gold, or swindled inheritance money, to buy one of them. I didnt know which house was my suspects, but I knew I had found him. He lived around here. I saw one of the smaller houses had a for rent, weekly rates available sign posted out front. I wrote the name and number of the agent down and went back to my motel.

The idea I had seemed simple enough. I intended to become my suspects new next-door neighbor for a week or two. I called the agent, and arranged to view the house. The place came fully furnished and cost a small fortune to rent for only one week. I paid for the first week and started to get settled in. As it turned out, my suspect lived three doors down to the south. I would have had an easier time watching him from across the street, but this would do for the next week. The first thing I needed to do was find out what name my suspect was using. This time I didnt have any trouble. I just asked somebody.
The guy who lived right next to him told me his name was Ken Baker. That was not, of course, his real name. It was only the name the document forger in Portland provided him. I had another task. I needed to confirm I really had found the same guy the Baxter girls knew as Joe Holman, and the same guy Amber knew as Brian Mason. I sat in my front room and waited for him to drive past. I got a good clear photo of him and emailed it to all three girls.
Unfortunately, I didnt get the results I wanted. They all said it looked like him, but they werent sure. I really didnt need a complication like that. You can't go to the police and accuse somebody of being a deranged killer unless youre sure. So I got several more photos, and I got the same result. It made some sense Amber couldnt identify him with certainty. He kept her strung out on all kinds of drugs. It took her some time to even remember the name he gave her. But, even the Baxter girls sounded unsure. I called Cindy to ask her personally and got the same response.
It kind of looks like him, she said. But it looks like hes changed. Maybe he had plastic surgery.
That made sense. Perfect sense. By this time, he had a zillion dollars in gold all to himself, and all the cash he cleaned out of Amber Mercers accounts. He had it made, and he didnt want the police to track him down, so he not only acquired a new name he got a new face too. Not long after he bought his new identity, he must have gone looking for a plastic surgeon. So now, he had a new face to go with his new identity. At the time that made perfect sense. I never considered any other explanation for why the girls didnt recognize him from his pictures.
If I could connect him to any of the killings in any way at all, then I would have an easy solution. I could simply alert the local police and let them take him down for me. The complication was, of course, the remaining cash and gold he might have. If they seized it as evidence, the government would leave the Baxter sisters with nothing. I didnt want that to happen, but I also didnt want to let him kill again either.
I went to the local police in One Tree, and asked if they knew anything about Ken Baker. I got a little bit of interesting information from them. They told me since he arrived, they had identified him as a major source of drugs and alcohol among the kids in town. I asked them why they hadn't arrested him, and the cop gave me a funny look. I already knew the answer, and it was a dumb question for me to ask. They knew it, but couldnt prove it in court.
The thing is he wasnt a dealer. He just gave the stuff away. It made sense. He was doing the same thing with them, he did with Amber Mercer. He kept them addicted, so they kept coming back to him for more. I expected him to do all he could to lay low and not draw attention to himself. But the police knew about him. It set off a little alarm bell in my head. If he figured out the police knew about him, then he would probably disappear again.
When I got back to my rented house, I went for a drive and parked slightly up the street from the mans house. I watched his front door for maybe three hours, and it was impressive. He had dozens of high school and early college-age girls coming and going through his front door. Some of them stayed for an hour or two, some a few minutes. From what the police told me, I could tell what game he was playing. And with the kind of money he had to throw around, he could probably buy all the cocaine and whatever else his favorite bimbos wanted. This little game was bad enough, but a good chunk of the money he threw around came from my clients property. I intended to end that, but I had to learn where he kept it before I could take it away from him and return it to the Baxter girls. 



Chapter 12


I considered rushing in, grabbing him, and forcing my suspect to lead me to the gold. But that just wouldnt work. I had no doubt we would get into a firefight and hed end up dead. If he died before I found out where he hid Baxters gold, it would stay lost forever. So even after I found him, I still had my hands tied. I could watch him all day long, but I couldnt just go rushing in and take him down until I had the gold secured. When I caught up to him, I intended to do both at once. My plan was to secure the gold and let the local PD arrest him for the murders. It all sounded so simple, but making it happen proved harder than I expected. In fact, it almost didnt happen at all.
On top of all the other issues, I didnt even have a name. He was a John Doe, with a trail of aliases. All I knew about the guy I three doors down was he had lot of money to spend. I also knew the police suspected him of supplying the kids with drugs and his home was a pharmaceutical candy store. Unfortunately, nobody had actually proven it yet.
The best way to get the proof I needed was with DNA, so I decided to get a sample from my suspect. Most people dont know it, but they can get a good sample from a discarded cigarette butt. I noticed early on that my suspect smoked. So I collected a cigarette butt off the street outside his house. He had a little ritual. Every day as he drove home, just as the Mustangs front wheels hit the driveway, he would flip his cig out into the street. I parked across the street and waited for him to drive home. I watched the familiar red Mustang come down the street, and right on cue he flicked his cigarette out into the street. I waited until the garage door came down so he wouldnt see me, and then snatched the cigarette off the street.
I could have mailed it back to Stevensburg, but I needed to return home for a few days. It would be easier to get Jack to run the tests for me if I went in person, besides that I needed to go see Rick one more time. I took the cigarette butt with me when I returned to Stevensburg. I went by the police station downtown to see Jack and ask him to run the test for me. Jack usually does favors for me without too much complaining, but sometimes I push the boundaries. These tests arent cheap. We got into a little discussion about the tests I asked him to do. Actually, it wasnt a discussion; it was more like an argument.
Were not your private evidence lab, Jack said. Do you know how much those tests cost? Besides, you just said youre not certain youve got the right guy. What are you thinking?
This guy probably has a record, and maybe somebody has his DNA on file somewhere, I responded.
Sure, and on top of that hes not even in Stevensburg, Jack said. But you think were going to do all your lab work for you.
I know you dont owe me anything, I said. But it involves a case in Stevensburg. Come on Jack, its just one little test. My client can't pay. Its kind of like a charity case. They agreed to let me take my fees out of the property when I recover it for them.
Youre right. We dont owe you anything. And thats right its a property-recovery case, but with a lot of murder thrown in, Jack said sounding a little irritated. One little test, ok sure youll get your blasted test done. But you just remember who did you the favor. I thought you didnt believe in working for free. You dont run a charity, dont you always say that? We serve the public interest, but we dont run a charity either.
I promised I would remember who did me the favor, and he agreed to do the tests for me. Unfortunately, when the results came back all my hopes went up in smoke. The DNA didnt produce a hit anywhere in the entire system. Sometimes jokers like this really do slip through the system, and so far, hed done a good job of slipping through. He left a trail of bodies behind him, with half a dozen different police departments on his tail, and so far, nobody had tracked him down or pinned a single murder on him. He was slick, I had to give him that much. This guy had been killing and raping his way through life, and never had so much as one brush with law enforcement. I intended to change that.
The guy clearly knew I was following him, so I altered my appearance with a dye job and a fake beard. I usually favor suits and look a bit like a run-down G-man most of the time, but I went for the decayed but wealthy beach bum look this time. I also acquired a new name. I didnt go to the infamous SVG back in Portland, but to my usual source. I called Rick Olsen and set up the purchase of a new identity.
I like Rick, but I dont spend a lot of time at his club. Im not rich or trendy enough, as Rick constantly reminds me. The King Kokopelli Club had turned out just like Rick wanted. It was the place for the rich and trendy in Stevensburg, and the place where most of the wealthy underworld types hung out. Not my kind of place, but on a strictly personal level I liked Rick. Besides that, he kept me supplied with fake documents when I needed them, and I needed them now.
During daylight hours, King Kokopelli looks like a standard restaurant, with lots of southwest imagery scattered around. I like the place at night and drive past now and then must to admire the neon decor. I went there to pick up the documents Rick had for me. He supplied me with a set of identification papers, including a social security card identifying me as Jake Martin. All total I spent less than a week away from my post in One Tree, but when I returned everything had changed.

My first day back in One Tree, I walked down to the mans house and looked inside. The place was empty. I didnt need anybody to tell me what happened. He skipped town just as I feared he would. Suddenly, I wished Id picked another time to go back to Stevensburg. It probably wouldnt have mattered. Even if I stayed, he would have disappeared anyway. He had the police asking questions about his relationship with the kids in town and he knew he had a private investigator on his tail. The guy panicked and ran while he still could.
I walked around the house and checked into all the windows. Every room I could see into was empty. I found a side door partially open, and let myself inside. He hadn't left anything except a few scraps of paper scattered across the floor. I picked up a few of them. I ended up with a collection of grocery lists, a few register receipts, some other junk, and one major break.
I found a receipt from Jims Boat Repair and Sales. The major break was a handwritten note on it saying, The customer will pick up his boat on Thursday. That was the day before, so my suspect had gone down to pick up his boat. Odds were he had also skipped town, maybe by heading out to sea. That receipt wasnt much of a clue, but it also pointed me in the right direction. I decided to pay a visit to the repair shop listed on the receipt.
During my drive to the boat works, I noticed I picked up a tail. Just as I pulled away from the curb, I noticed a blue sedan pull into traffic right behind me. I looked in the rearview mirror and saw him. The guy wasnt too careful about following me. I made a lot of twists and turns and doubled back a few times just to make sure he really was following me. There was no doubt. I got a good look at the guys face and it wasnt anybody I had ever seen before. It wasnt my suspect, and he didnt look like a cop either. I knew my suspect had a habit of hiring hitters to solve his problems, so I double-checked I had my Colt 1911 with me.
Whoever he was, I didnt want him following me. So before I went to the boat yard, I decided to shake him. I made a sudden 180-degree J-turn and came straight back at him. The guy went for the shoulder and stopped. I watched him try to get turned around, but he had traffic blocking him on all sides. I didnt know who he was, but that was the end of him, at least for that day. I never saw him again.
When I got to the boat yard, I asked about the boat. None of the workers would tell me anything, and told me to go talk to the owner of the boatyard. When I asked where I could find him, they said Id have to go look for him in the parts yard.
The parts yard turned out to be a really weird place. I had to go in through a gate of the strangest wrought iron. It seemed strange because I couldnt imagine why the gate was there. It seemed like a waste of a very nice gate to use it to decorate the entrance to a glorified junk yard. The parts yard seemed infinite, and labyrinthian. It had what seemed like an endless walking trail that led past stacks of engine parts and bits and pieces of boats. I wandered in the industrial maze of the parts yard looking for the owner for several minutes before I found him stooped over a very large engine toward what might have been the center of the parts yard. When I approached, he wanted to talk to me about the engine.
You see this thing, he said. They havent built engines like this since before the second world war. They started making these things in the 1920s. 
Im afraid I dont know much about engines, I said. I came to ask you to help me find a friend of mine. He left town 
You mean without paying for something, he said interrupting my speech. You look like a collections person, that or a cop, or a private eye of some kind. You just have that look about you. I can also see you dont appreciate old engines. Thats ok. Theyre an acquired taste. An expensive taste too. I bet it will set me back $200,000 to get this thing fully restored, but to the right buyer its worth two or three times that. Unfortunately, god only knows how long it will take to find a buyer.
Well, I need to find a man who forgot to 
Wait, the old man said. You expect me to believe that? Not a chance sir. I can guess what sort of person you are just by looking at you. Youre a cop or something like it anyway. And I bet youre looking for a thief or a wanted fugitive. I have a good feel for people Mr.  uhm
Sinclair, I said. My name is Louis Edward Sinclair, but most people call me Led.
Ok Mr. Sinclair or Led I mean. I have a good feel for people, and I dont believe youre looking for a friend. You look like you track people down for a living. I bet youre looking for somebody who skipped town without paying his bills, or maybe a criminal.
Something like that, I said in defeat at the old mans perceptiveness. I am looking for the owner of a boat you fixed up recently. His name was Ken Baker.
Ah yes, that one.  The Golden Dream, it was called. But what do you want out of him? Is he a deadbeat or a criminal?
Well he might be a murderer, I said.
A killer is he. I thought so, the old man said without surprise or alarm. He might be a killer. It wouldnt surprise me. I do know I didnt like him the minute I saw him. But how do you think I can help you find him?
I need to know where he went, I said.
While he was here, he said something about going to California. That boat of his was a nice boat 50 years ago. He bought it cheap, and had us rebuild the engines and get it seaworthy. The trouble is he didnt know boats, he bought a lemon. Do you know what he told me? He said he bought it just for the name. The previous owner called it The Golden Dream. That doesnt make one bit of sense. You can rename a boat anything you want after you pay for it. So I suppose now that youve got your information youll just go on your way.
Yes sir, I guess I will.
One other thing you might want to know, the old man said before I left. He hired somebody to sail it down the coast for him. He loved the sea, but he wasnt competent to get himself out of sight of land. I can give you the name of the man he hired if youre interested.
I am interested, I said.
He hired my brother, Samuel Carpenter, the man said. He lives right across the street from the main entrance to the shop here. Just walk across the highway and youll find yourself right in his driveway.

I walked across to see the mans brother, and when I got there, I discovered Samuel Carpenter literally called himself Sailor Sam, and he was the mirror image of his brother. When I got to the front steps, I knocked on the door and watched as the man opened the door. The guy came to the door looking exactly like youd expect an old salt to lookhe had a Greek sailors hat, a bushy beard and a pipe stuck between his teeth. I asked if I was speaking to Samuel Carpenter, and he said that was his name. I also asked if they were twins, and the man laughed.
No, but people ask me that a lot, he said. I am three years younger than my brother, but we do look a lot alike. It wasnt so bad before we both got old, but as weve aged, we both started to look just like our father. So my brother sent you up here did he? So did you go see him in the junkyard? That yard has been growing since old man Fuller built the place back in 1904. His son took it over, and ran it for 60 years, and then my brother bought it from him. We both retired from the navy the same year and weve been running this place ever since. He went to work for Jason Fuller, the founders son. Well after another 20 years working for him, my brother and a bunch of the other workers pooled their money to buy him out when he retired. Fuller didnt have any kids, or family to take over the business. That yard is a museum of maritime history. Did you get the engine tour?
Not exactly, I said. He just showed off the 
Let me guess, the Hendy engine?
It might have been, I wasnt really sure, I said. But he seemed excited about it.
That thing is the size of a small building, and he still thinks hes going to find a buyer for it, Carpenter said shaking his head. What Id like to know is how they got it in the yard to begin with. That thing is huge, and its been sitting in that yard since before any of us were born. But I bet thats not what brought you up here. You should go back and ask for the engine tour. A visit to the yard is not complete without one.
I bet thats true, but I came here to ask you about the Golden Dream, your brother said you piloted it down the coast, I said.
I did, and Id rather not talk about that trip. That Ken Baker was one of the evilest, vilest, and most violent and disgusting people Ive ever dealt with. He told me to mind my business and stick to steering the boat. I did that all right. The less I had to know about that evil-minded pervert the better.
Why do you say that? What can you tell me about him?
He had these three girls with him. One was a blonde and she was smart enough to keep her distance. But the other two girls with him, they didnt keep any distance at all. He kept them down below, and beat the crap out of them just for fun. Id read about freaks like him before, but never met one up close. I just couldnt imagine any girl letting a guy treat them that way, but the worst part was they told me they liked it. The thing is, I think those two got more than they expected. They were both the tiniest little things youve ever seen. They were adults, or so they said, but they were both the size of little girls. Theyd come around up top with bruises and black eyes. I knew what he was doing. I could guess the reason they took it too. They both had mile-wide pupils and seemed off in space most of the time. One of the girls admitted to me the guy was rougher than they expected and said she felt afraid of him. I was glad to get my time done with his outfit.
Where did you leave them?
At a place called Red Rock Point, California, Carpenter said. The man bought a house on the shore. It belonged to a rumrunner back during prohibition days. Back in 1918, the Navy started to build a gun platform just off shore. If you know your history, then you know there was a war scare with Japan around the turn of the last century. Thats why they started building it, but the war scare vanished, and by World War 2, the thing was obsolete. So they never finished it or used it for anything. You can see it from the highlands near the house. They left a few concrete pylons sticking out of the ocean, sand collected around it and made an island. The Navy never used it for much, but it made a nice place for the liquor smugglers to hide their boats back in prohibition days. The original house burned back in the 1970s, but that boat shed the smuggler built on the island is still there. We tied up there for half a day and then went on to the house. I delivered him and the boat just like I said I would, and then I came home. You look a lot like a cop. Why do you want to find him?
I am a private investigator, I said. He stole something from my client. Maybe you saw it. They were large oversized chess piecestheyre collectable and valuable.
I didnt see any kind of chess set on the boat, large or small, but I do recall he had a gang of movers waiting at the dock. They carried several very heavy boxes from the boat into the house. He watched them the entire time and wouldnt let anybody touch the boxes unless he was there to supervise.
I finished taking my notes and thanked Sailor Sam for his time. Before I left, he made a comment about the two girls. They vanished at some point during the trip, and it bothered him.
When we got to the house, I saw that blonde girl there with Mr. Baker, he said. But I never saw the other two girls. Baker said they were down below sleeping off a hangover. I thought it was odd, but I didnt say anything. Right then I just wanted to far away from him. Theyre not my kind of people. But I never saw either of them again after we stopped at the island.
I added what he gave me to my notes, and said I was done asking him questions. We shook hands and he walked me to the door. I went away wondering what he was trying to tell me about the two girls on the boat. They sounded like my suspects usual tasteyoung, petite, blonde and drug addled. Anything could have happened to them. I gathered he thought they hadn't survived their time with Ken Baker. I hoped he was wrong. I intended to go looking for them, but right then I had other issues that would take me down the coast to a town in California called Red Rock Point.



Chapter 13


Larry Turner had a head full of ideas. Most of them sick. He spent the majority of his day thinking of ways to hurt people, especially girls. Larry hadn't actually hurt very many girls for the simple reason he no longer attracted women. He had no money and lived on the street. Larry frightened most of the girls who happened to cross his path. In fact, he frightened most of the street people he crossed paths with as well. So Larry spent most of his day dreaming about the sick things he would do with a girl if he happened to find one.
Not all of Larrys ideas fell in the sick category. A few of his ideas involved acting, and not too many years ago, he worked as an actor. He used to have a head full of ideas about the theater and movies, but that was a long time ago. Back then, Larry managed to make a few television commercials, and even landed a minor role in a movie or two. That was before the sickness started.
The sickness followed Larry his entire life, but really began to spiral out of control around the same time he landed a minor role as the cook in a sitcom based around the lives of some army recruits. The show wasnt very funny, and all it generated were letters from military types griping they got the uniforms wrong. The show failed quickly, but not before Larry got himself fired for following one of the actresses into the womens restroom. He tried to persuade her it was all just in fun, but she screamed and scratched at his face until he ran away. They replaced him that same day, and banned him from the building.
After that, he spiraled back down the same career ladder he just climbed. He got a job making a television commercial, but the agency that hired him let him go after he began stalking one of the girls he met while filming a commercial for laundry soap. His agent fired him, then another, and another until nobody anywhere would represent him. Eventually work as an actor simply withered up and died. Eventually nobody offered him a job, at least not as an actor.
He managed to get a job as a waiter, but even that failed. One of the waitresses reported he asked her at least a dozen times for sexual favors. That might not have gotten him fired, except all the favors were perverse. The least bizarre of them involved asking to watch her urinate. The girl told the restaurant owner if he didnt fire Larry, she would quit and file a lawsuit.
He tried to go live with his brother, but even his brother felt afraid of him. Roger Turner had three children, and he knew about his brothers behavior. When he showed up on his brothers doorstep looking for a place to live, Roger handed him $100 and gave him directions to a homeless shelter. Larry lasted only a month at the shelter before they too kicked him out for his behavior. Eventually, Larry found himself living in a box under a bridge. Now and then, his brother would drive to the bridge where he slept most nights and brought him some groceries. Most days, Larry walked along the roadway collecting cans and selling them to a recycling center. For the most part, this provided his only income. Larry did a lot of daydreaming as he wandered the highway. Sometimes he daydreamed about becoming an actor again, but most of his dreaming involved girls. He had visions of girlsyoung ones of coursedoing all sorts of perverse things. In his daydreams, he watched them die. He liked that.
The sickness that followed Larry his entire life had ruined his life, but it remained latent. He had never really killed anyone. Instead, he only fantasized about killing. Larry was about to have his life change, and at last have the chance to play the role of a lifetime. He would soon have the chance to live out a few of his daydreams. Larry was about to cross paths with the killer. Once the killer found Larry, everything would change.

The killer found Larry almost by coincidence. The killer and Larry went knew each other years ago. The killer had systematically eliminated everybody who knew him under his real name. He even tracked down friends from high school just so he could kill them. He made a list of all the people he could remember who knew him by his birth name. It was a short list. The killer had used fake identities for so long, very few people knew him under his birth name. Yet there were a few. Most of the people on his list were perfectly safe from him for the simple reason so many years had passed he could no longer find them or even remember their names. The killer hoped they couldnt remember him either. But it still made him nervous. Any one of them might unknowingly lead the police back to him.
The killer had a simple purpose in all this. He planned to cut himself off totally from every identity he ever used and start all over again. Most people who knew him under an alias died anyway, because he always cleaned up after himself when he moved on to another target. But the one identity he never scrubbed clean of people who could identify him was the name his parents gave him at birth. He decided to fix that, so he made a list and tracked down as many as he could find.
Larry Turner was another matter. They were best friends in the last year of high school and then later on in college. They made a perfect team back then. They were both sick and helped each other find new victims. Back then, he had not made the transition into killing. He claimed one victim before he went off to college, but only one. Back then, the two of them had their limits, although they were still evil. The two of them were serial rapists, but not killers. The killer went looking for him because Larry knew too many of his secrets.
He intended to settle into a permanent life and never move again. He would create one last identity and use it until he died. To do that, he needed to eliminate his past. If he didnt, then his past would catch up with him. So the killer went out in search of his past intending to erase every trace of it he could find. It took him more time than usual to find Larry, but he had to find this particular relic from his past. Larry knew enough to destroy him.
On the day he finally caught up with Larry, he found him just returning to his camp under the highway bridge with a bag full of aluminum cans. Larry watched as the BMW pulled up slowly into his encampment under the bridge. The man behind the wheel looked familiar, but it took him a few moments to place the man and recall his name. He didnt know it, but the man had already killed his brother. Even as the man pulled into the encampment under the bridge, a neighbor was phoning the police after finding Roger and his wife dead. The children survived only because they were at school when the killer arrived. Larry would never know about his brothers death. From the moment the man with the familiar looking face got out of the car, Larry found himself too wrapped up in his new life to think about anything else. Larry would play a very special role in the killers game with the detectives.



Chapter 14


I took a flight into the nearest big city, and then drove the rest of the way to Red Rock Point, California. The drive there provided some pretty scenery, but otherwise it was a pain. The Interstate system parted and went around it on one side, leaving the town pressed against the ocean. The route from the airport to Red Rock Point was a maze of two-track roads with switchback turns and all the inconveniences of driving isolated highways. I could see why my suspect chose this spot. It was an isolated, out of the way place nobody ever heard of, and nobody ever goes. It had no tourists, and no sightseers. The town made the perfect place to hide.
The house John Doe bought looked a lot like the house back in One Tree, namely it was right on the ocean. A bootlegger and rumrunner from back during prohibition days built the original house. He made runs out past the limit to buy liquor and bring it back to the thirsty, prohibition-era public. Unfortunately, the original house burned years ago. The replacement was a very modern looking thing with lots of decks and porches. It still made a very nice house by the sea, but I had a suspicion the old house was nicer to look at.
The U.S. Navys unfinished gun platform still sat just off shore and almost out of sight and reach. You could just barely see it from shore in clear weather. To get a good view of it, you had to climb the heights overlooking the beach. Even from the hill, you needed a strong set of field glasses to get a good look. The place my suspect settled into was a large house right on the beach. It had a private beach, and a place he could dock his rebuilt yacht he spent a ton of my clients money to have refitted and refurbished. At the rate, he was burning through both Amber and the Baxter girls money I wondered how much I would recover.
The place wasnt strictly private, I saw a series of bungalows stretching down the beach, and noticed people tended to wander freely in and out of my suspects private beach. He didnt seem to mind, especially if the person who wandered onto his property was a pretty girl.
I went looking at the properties south of his house, and got lucky. I found one right next door for rent. The place I rented gave me a good view of John Does property where I could watch him most of the time. The garage was around the back of the house, so I could even tell when he came and went from my own front room. I didnt even have to leave my rental to watch him. I could sit in my easy chair with a set of field glasses and watch him and his house all day.
My rental was, of course, a fraction the size of his. I didnt care about that. What mattered was it gave me an excellent view of John Does house. I could see all the comings and goings from the front room. It made an excellent place to sit back and watch. He didnt take long to start the same kind of activity he had going in One Tree. Within a couple of weeks, I noticed he had a crew of girls hanging out around his house. I noticed Nancy Reed was among them. She hadn't left.
John Doe had a preference for blondes of a certain type, so I had trouble telling them apart at first. They all looked alike. Nancy Reed was thinner and had a slightly more angular face than the others, plus she was the only one with a lightning bolt tattoo on her shoulder. She unknowingly helped me out those first few days, by wearing sleeveless tops or a bikini. I could always spot her by looking for the tattoo.
All the girls had a great love for drugs, alcohol, and partying. You could occasionally spot one or two of them staggering around the back deck, sometimes even if there wasnt a party going on at the time. On one level, I felt sorry for them. They were essentially selling themselves in exchange for the drugs John Doe gave them. None of them made much effort to resist, but once he had them hooked, they really couldnt resist. The only exception was Nancy. You could look at her and tell she kept her distance from the rest. I got to know her pretty well during my time on this case, and I can tell you she definitely participated in all that went on at the Ken Baker house. Yet at the same time, she somehow seemed a little aloof from it all. She looked like John Does usual taste in girls, but she had a lot more intelligence and sense than the rest. She didnt always show the best judgment, but her smarts helped save her life.

I got settled in next-door, and spent a few days watching the place. That was great, but I needed to get closer to my suspect if I wanted to find where he hid Baxters gold. I had a new look to go with my new identity. I had blond hair and a fake beard that made me look like a completely new man. I dont like disguises, they make me feel stupid, but my face has been in the newspaper and on TV back in Stevensburg too many times. After a few days watching the house next door, I decided to establish a little trust between my suspect and myself. I didnt want him to see anything threatening in my presence, so after a week of watching him I went over to meet John Doe in person.
John Doe came to the door and introduced himself as Ken Baker. I introduced myself as Jake Martin and said I was renting the bungalow next door. He gave me an abbreviated tour of the house, and told me the story about the rumrunners and bootleggers back during prohibition. He said it was a shame the original house burned down. He was right about that part. The new house was just an ugly, modern thing with no style at all. We made small talk about the beach and his yacht tied up outside. I tried to come across as just another harmless, wealthy beach bum. It must have worked, because he invited me in from day one and treated me like I belonged there.
He seemed exactly as Cindy described him. He came across as friendly, charming, and polite. He gave you no reason at all to feel afraid or not trust him. It was a surreal experience. He played the charming host, and offered me a beer while we talked about girls, boats and the joys of beach life. He seemed completely normal. If I hadn't seen the trail of destruction and chaos he left behind, I would never have believed it.
I noticed Nancy Reed lounging in another room reading a magazine. As Ken Baker gave me the tour of the house, I stopped and introduced myself. She seemed exactly like the kind of girl I would have expected, a good girl going through a self-destructive rebellious phase. She still had the manners of a girl from a good family, but she also had a certain edge. And I didnt fail to catch the meaning of the edge. The girl was obviously flirting with me. I looked at my host watching for some sign of trouble, but got none. The man acted like it was no big deal.

Before I started working on Nancy, I wanted to trace the source of John Does drug supply. I dont mean all the way back to Columbia. I knew the ultimate source. I wanted to see if I could identify his drug dealer. If I could do that, I thought maybe I could get to Ken Baker through him. I had this vague idea that if I could control his drug supply, then I could control him.
Eventually, I noticed a guy who came around about once a week. He followed a routine. He would ring the bell, wait a few minutes, talk to somebody through the door, they would exchange an envelope for the package he had with him, and then he left the same way he came. I was on one of my reconnaissance missions at my suspects house when he came with a package. I stayed in the main room while he went to meet the man at the front door. He called him Toby, and went into the back of the house with him. I moved so I could watch them and not be seen. My only thought at first was to learn more about this guy named Toby, I had the idea he might provide me with some useful information. If I knew where he got the drugs he supplied the girls around his house, I might have a chance at stopping it. It turned out the kid already knew Ken, and knew he was using a fake name. I learned more than I had bargained for.
You dont know me, Toby said. But I know you. We both know Xavier. I didnt recognize you the first few times I saw you, but now I know. Youre that guy who was always hanging around with Xavier back in the old days. You dont remember me do you?
When he said that, my suspects face went blank and all expression vanished. He looked shocked. He probably wanted to go kill his plastic surgeon. The reaction got my interest, and I turned a little to face them so I could hear what came next.
Sure. I know him, Toby said. I grew up with him.
I didnt hear anything else they said, because the alias Ken Baker shoved Toby into the back room and pushed the door closed. I had no idea what happened back there, but their expressions were totally different. Toby looked pretty happy. When the kid came out several minutes later, he had a thin smile on his face. But, my suspect came out looking ashen and fearful. I had no idea what it meant, but I intended to work double hard to get closer to Toby.
That night I gave it some thought. The kid had never seen me. Every time he came to the Baker house, I was in another room. I was close enough see and hear him, but he never saw me. I decided I wanted to use a different identity than Jake Martin. I was afraid if Ken knew I was getting close to his dealer he might panic and run. The discovery somebody in his new hideaway already knew him probably scared the daylights out of him. In fact, I spent a good part of that night wondering what I would do, and how I would track him down again, if I woke up and found his house deserted. When I got up, I saw he was still there. I could look across the way and see the man sitting on his back porch taking his breakfast. He looked like maybe he had regained his composure, but I wondered if Toby was blackmailing him. I had no idea, but I intended to find out.
Toby drove a beat up Chevy Cavalier, so I waited up the street for him one day. I followed him until he stopped at a small food stand at the corner of 1st and Main in Red Rock Point. I got out and walked up the sidewalk so I could watch.
Hello Toby, the man behind the desk said. Ill be right with you.
When the man finished serving the customer, he handed Toby a thick envelope and Toby handed the man a package like the one he gave Ken Baker. After that, I followed him to three other places, where he repeated the same ritual. The customer always produced a plain manila envelope, and Toby always had a plain brown package. I guessed the dealer required his customers to use the same style envelope, because it never varied. I trailed him from his last stop near the city center to a house on the citys south side. He got out and walked up to the door. The house was a rundown looking place with busted out windows and tall weeds growing in the yard outside. I got out and walked around the sidewalk out front. I didnt stay long, because I didnt want to draw attention to myself. The kids house had drug dealer stamped all over it. I knocked on the door, and asked for Toby. The kid came ambling slowly to the door eyeing me with suspicion. Even though I saw him several times at the Baker house, He had never seen me before.
What do you want? he asked anxiously. How do you know my name?
A friend told me I could buy what I need from you.
What do you need?
A little stuff, I said.
Stuff? What kind of stuff? he said. Who are you anyway?
My name is Alan James, I said.
Are you a cop?
No, I said. I just want to 
I know, he interrupted. You want to buy some stuff. You just assume the position as the saying goes. Come on move it, just like the cop shows.
After that, Toby and his friend gave me a solid patting down and checked me for wires. They finally decided I wasnt a cop and relaxed a little. After a few minutes, I persuaded them to part with one of their smaller envelopes full of a fine white powder. They decided I was just another paying customer, took my money, and invited me to come back again. I had crossed the threshold, but only by a little. I intended to return. What I wanted was not only control of Ken Bakers drug supply, but I wanted to know what it was Toby knew about him. And I wanted to know why it frightened my suspect.
When I got home, I dumped the fine white powder they sold me down the toilet. I made several buying trips to Tobys house, and slowly worked my way into becoming a regular acquaintance of his. Fortunately, the guy wasnt the sharpest tool in the shed, and he never thought my interest in his business was the least bit strange. I finally asked him one day as I sat in his front room with my package, if he knew the rich guy with the big house down at the beach.
Of course, he said. Hes one of my best customers, actually my very best.
Hes kind of, I dont know what the word is, mysterious maybe, I said. I dont think his name is Ken Baker.
It isn't, Toby said. But youre not getting a name from me. Sure, hes mysterious, and that guy is dangerous as hell. If youre smart, youll stay away from him. Far away.
Why do you say that? I asked.
Dont ask me that, Toby said. What I know about him I can't tell.
I tried a few other tactics to get him to talk, but it all went nowhere. I started out with several objectives when I started trying to get closer to Toby Vaughan. The most important thing was to find out what he knew about my suspect.
Most of the bad drugs I bought off Toby Vaughn went straight down my toilet when I got home, but I kept enough around here and there to give Ken Baker the illusion I was one of his kind. I even gave the man a few baggies of the stuff as a gift. It kept me in his good graces, and it helped fool him into thinking he didnt have to worry about me.
Dont get me wrong, I didnt actually use drugs with the guy. I just needed to get access to him in order to find where he hid Baxters gold. But I couldnt let my guard down and forget this bastard was a killer. I needed to stay alert around the guy. People like him only appear normal. They kill for fun, so I didnt dare let myself get comfortable. I faked looking relaxed and comfortable in his house and went through the motions of partying with him and his girls. But just enough to persuade him to give me access, and not think my presence was a threat.
Anyway, I had started working my way into Tobys world while I kept up my efforts at getting into John Does world. It required some juggling. One day, at Tobys house, one of my suspects girls showed up to get a package. I saw her at the door and had just enough time to fake a run to the bathroom before Toby opened the door. The girl almost caught me by surprise, so I started taking more care to watch the window and scan the street outside.
Several weeks had passed since the scene where Toby recognized him and I first heard the name Xavier. My suspect was a killer, but it looked like nothing was going to happen. My suspect had gone to a lot of trouble to acquire his new face and his new identity. He invested a lot in becoming Ken Baker. Having somebody recognize him must have shocked the guy. The shock gave Toby a little more time. The bad guys was just stepping back to take stock and look around before he went into action. When he recovered his senses and took action, the man decided to do a little cleaning. I know, because I almost got swept up in the cleaning.

I happened to be at Tobys house when the hitman arrived. I was in the front room when I saw one of my suspects expensive German cars pull up outside. One of Kens girls got out of the car and started walking toward the house. Toby and his friend watched her. They liked watching her walk toward the house. The truth was so did I. The girl was sexy and a joy to watch in her skintight pants, sheer blouses, and all the rest. The problem was I didn't want any of Kens girls to see me here. I was juggling two different identities at the same time, so when she arrived I made a dash for the bathroom and waited for her to leave. I heard her go into the backroom with Toby. They stayed in there a few minutes before she came out with another package and headed toward the car. I watched her from the window in the front room. She took out a cellphone and spoke into it for a few moments. I didnt see anything sinister in that. I didnt know it, but she was alerting a hired killer both Toby and his friend were in the house. She hadn't seen me, so the hitman didnt expect to find me there.
After she drove away, Toby and his friend went back into the backroom. They often disappeared in there for hours and got stoned. I used it has a chance to search Tobys bedroom. While they were both in the backroom getting stoned, I was looking through some papers in Tobys room. I stopped in the middle of my search when I heard the doorbell. Id been snooping through his things for a long time, and never got caught. I froze and listened. I heard Tobys friend go to the door. What I heard next sounded like a mechanical device being worked, and then I heard something hit the floor and a table fall over. Toby had a small table near the front door with a few odds and ends on it. It had fallen over and the contents scattered across the floor.
When I got into the front room, I found Tobys friend dead on the floor with a bullet hole in his forehead. I pulled the .45 out from the shoulder holster and went toward the back bedroom. When I got there, I found a man standing over Toby. He was obviously dead, and the hitman turned toward me. I levelled down on him with the .45 and the man made a dive toward the window. The screen and part of the metal frame caught around his neck. He rolled out into the backyard, and ran with the window screen flapping around his neck and shoulders. I jumped through after him and chased him back toward the front yard. He stopped once to turn around and take a shot at me. He had a silenced semi-auto pistol, so that explained why I hadn't heard the shots either time. He fired a few rounds at me. The first missed me by a mile, the second screamed past my ear. I dropped to one kneed, steadied my shooting arm, and squeezed off a round that caught him high in the chest. It picked him up and slammed him back against his car. He slumped down dead to the ground with that window screen frame still caught around his neck.

When I finished at the police department, I went back to my rented bungalow. I dont know if they kept a watch on me or not, but I never saw so much as a single cop around my house or at John Does house. During the police questioning, I gave them Jacks number as a character reference. It obviously worked. I dont know what Jack told them exactly, but he must have said something magical. They even kept my name out of the press release they sent to the media about the shootings. Their media guy identified me as Alan James in the press release. I tried to watch TV that night, but just reviewed the news programs for information on the shootings. I didnt learn anything new. I was relieved to hear them use the name Alan James and not Louis Edward Sinclair when they described the shooting. So far, my cover was still intact.
I resumed my role as Jake Martin the next day, but didnt do much work on the case. For a single day, I set the investigation aside. I went out and bought a paper. The newspapers usually go into more detail than the TV news shows. They had a lengthy profile of Toby Vaughan that detailed his long life of crime in Red Rock Point. It didnt sound like the locals would miss him much.
I decided not to make any more smart moves and just keep the Ken Baker house under close watch. You can learn a lot just by watching a suspect, so I just watched the house for a few days. I had already stirred things up more than I intended, so I lay low and just observed.
Because my suspect killed off his drug dealer, it meant he would have to find another one. I wondered if he had a supply of drugs saved up, or if he was about to become a desperate junkie in need of a fix. If he turned desperate, I didnt see much sign of it. From what I could tell, his steady supply of drugs for himself and his stable of girls went on without a hitch. Not many days after I learned about Toby Vaughns death, I noticed a car making regular appearances at his house. The same man always got out and went to the door, and then there was an exchange of envelopes. It looked like he had a list of these people he could call on when he needed. Toby Vaughn clearly wouldnt be missed very much around the Ken Baker house. In fact it looked like nobody would miss him much.
For the first week after the killings, I tried not to leave the house. I didnt want to draw attention to myself, but I had to go out now and then. On one short trip to the grocery store, I noticed I picked up another tail. I looked in the rearview and noticed what looked like the exact same blue sedan Id spotted back in One Tree. I considered trying to shake him, but let him follow me instead. I wasnt going any place secret, so I let him follow me to the grocery store. I parked close to the door and watched as my tail parked way down close to the street. I got out and went inside the grocery store. I stood near the windows and watched the guys car for several minutes. He never got out of the car. After a few more minutes, I decided to try and confront him. I knew hed be watching for me at the front, so I snuck around the back of the store. I went out through the employees entrance and snuck past a few employees to get onto the loading dock at the back. I moved around the back and side of the store where he wouldnt see me. When I got to the parking lot, I ducked and weaved my way through the parked cars until I came to the blue sedan. I had my Colt 1911 in my hand when I got to the drivers side door, but there was no driver. I put the pistol away and scanned the area for him. He wasnt there.
I went back inside the store and wandered around inside looking for him. My search lasted about 30 minutes before I gave up. When I went back outside to look for the blue sedan, it was gone. I wondered if maybe I was just paranoid, and he wasnt following me at all. But I didnt really think so. I took a different route back home, and kept a careful watch. The incident made me a little jumpy the rest of the day.

Not long after the double homicide at the Vaughn house, Nancy came to pay a visit. It was the first of many. She came walking over from Bakers house in a skimpy two-piece bikini. She had thrown a sheer wrap around herself, but it did nothing to hide her at all. She also had a tiny pillbox sized handbag hanging from her shoulder. True she had just come from Bakers pool, but I suspected her choice of attire was calculated. And the effect was what she intended. She had my attention, and she had my interest.
Nancy Reed had a perfect hourglass body, and a delicate set of assets that would tempt a man to forget all about his professional ethics. I greeted her at the door and offered her a beer. We made a little small talk, and she took herself on a tour of the bungalow. The furniture failed to meet her standards. She said it looked old and almost garage sale quality.
I didnt buy it, I said. The furniture came with the rental. I signed a months lease. If you dont like the furniture youll have to take it up with the landlord.
Id like to see what you have at your real house then, she said. Maybe you can take me there someday.
There was a note of promise in her suggestion that I should take her to my house. It carried with it the promise of hedonism and decadence. It all forced me to consider what limits I should have with this girl. She was, after all one of my suspects known associates.
We continued making small talk about nothing, as she slowly took herself on a tour of the bungalow. She eventually stopped at the bedroom. The girl had a kind of tactful, but clear, forwardness that was subtle and at the same time aggressive. Her tactics might fly right past a man, especially one blinded by her looks. It occurred to me she had a lot in common with Erin in that regard.
Inside the bedroom, she brushed against me in a way that could not have been accidental. It let me get a nice feel. I embraced her and pulled her to the bed. We just sat on the bed for a minute. I could use this girl to gain access to my suspects world, but at the same time, all my ethical alarm bells started going off all at once. At the same time, this encounter was her doing. So I let it go for a few minutes. She stood up, removed what little clothing she was wearing, and lay back on the bed.
She was amazing, with a perfect body and flawless skin. I ran my hands across her not only feeling a thrill, but a kind of awe too. She started tugging at my clothing, and got the shirt off me first. With her pulling at me like that, all the ethical dilemmas simply went out the window. If it was wrong, then Id pay for it later. Right then, I just didnt care. Making love to her was exactly as sweet as I expected, but so was the moment after. The two of us sort of curled up and lay in bed for several minutes. I fell into a sort of spell. It felt nice to have her there with me, and I didnt want to break the spell. Yet, I also had work to do. For those moments with her, I really did want to forget all about work. But I couldnt.
The quiet moment gave me a chance to ask her about Ken Baker. To my surprise, Nancy made no secret of her relationship. He gave her money, and he gave her cocaine. She wasnt shy about saying it either.
Sure hes kind of a sugar daddy, she said. But what of it? I have my entire life to work my ass off at some awful job. Right now I just want to have fun and live.
She sounded like the typical party girl, or the typical kid in revolt against her straitlaced middle-class upbringing. It occurred to me I was probably just another part of her revolt against her parents, and maybe a revolt against Ken Baker too. I doubted if he gave her permission to come over here, but maybe he did. She probably came when he wasnt looking, or maybe she made sure he knew just to prove she wasnt under his control. She was the only one of the girls he didnt completely control. But make no mistake he had control over her, it just had a limitation to it. His control over the other girls knew no limits. You could see that just by watching, they never refused him anything.
I decided to take a slight risk and ask her if Ken Baker had a thing for gold, or if he kept any around. It was a risk because if she told him I asked, he might figure out somebody in town searching for Baxters gold. Nancy looked thoughtful for a second, and then answered.
No, not really, she said. Well. Wait. Sort of. He wears a few rings and a necklace. And he named his boat The Golden Dream, but thats it. And he has a really small bar of gold. I think they call them ingots. He has one about the size of my thumb he plays with now and then.
I was about to ask her more questions, but a sudden shrill noise coming from the handbag she had tossed on the floor beside the bed interrupted us. The girl sprang to it as if her life depended on it. I could only hear her side of the conversation, but I heard her address the caller as Ken. She sat there naked with the phone pressed against her ear. Suddenly she threw her bikini and wrap back on, and dashed out the door. I watched her go, thinking of the old saying about ask how high on the way up. He had control of her, but I didnt know yet just how much. I also wondered if he hadn't sent her my way and I had just fallen into a trap. I didnt know if she started hanging around with me because she wanted to or because the suspect ordered her to get close to me. In the end, it didnt matter.



Chapter 15


Early in my observations of the alias Ken Baker, I noticed that he and his crew of girls tended to hang out around a restaurant and club called The Open Box. The club was more popular with the girls than with the man himself, but I could usually spot them or their cars in the parking lot or lounging around the deck on the beach side of the place. The girls especially went there through the week, and often didnt come back to the house until early the following morning. Whatever John Doe expected of them, he clearly didnt care when they went out cruising for other men. You could tell what the agenda was just by watching them at The Open Box. So the club was their spot through the week, but during the weekends, they stayed around the beach house. I intended to start hitting The Open Box, mostly as another way to work my way into John Does little circle.
The first day I went there, my plan was to find a few of the girls. I already had some information from Nancy Reed, but I thought if I could get a few of the others alone maybe I could get some information from them too. That never happened. Nancy remained my only good source of information. I never really gave up on that idea, but when I first went to the Open Box looking for a few of Ken Bakers girls hanging around, I saw another opportunity suddenly present itself. When I got there, I noticed my suspects car parked in the lot. I could see him sitting out on the deck surrounded by most of his girls. I realized that meant the house was empty. I had a chance to go back and take a look around without my suspect being there. The Open Box could wait.
So I turned around before any of them could see me, and started back. When I got there, I walked around the outside several times just to make sure nobody was around. When I got there, I found it deserted. So getting inside didnt cause me a lot of trouble. For a man who took such care with his string of identities, he showed no care for his physical security. He hadn't even taken the trouble to lock the back door. I let myself inside and started looking around.
I got lucky again with the alarm system. He didnt have one. I have to admit I was stunned when I went looking around for an alarm system so I could disable it, but didnt find one. He had a good reason not to have one designed to alert the police, but I expected him to have one that would at least alert him. But he didnt. I didnt know what to make of that at first. Lots of people get careless with their property, but if he had that much gold around, he might at least want an alarm system. My thought at the time was he probably thought his hiding place was so clever nobody would ever find it. The man had an inflated ego, so maybe he thought he was so clever and smart he didnt need an alarm system. Like I said, I didnt know what to make of it at first, and just concentrated on searching the place. Later the reason became a lot more obvious.
I found a lot inside the house, but no gold. I hadn't really expected to find it just sitting out where I could see it, but I hoped I might get lucky and find it after a little looking around. No such luck, he hid it carefully. He did leave clear signs of his party-boy lifestyle all around. I found bag after bag of empty liquor bottles in the kitchen and signs of drug use scattered all around the front room.
The house contained nothing that pointed to where he kept Baxters gold, or anything linking him to any of the killings I knew he committed. The lack of an alarm system and the open back door told me that if any evidence existed, he either kept it elsewhere or he had it especially well hidden somewhere in the house. Either he was dumb, which I doubted, or he had a lot of confidence in his hiding place. I suspected the latter. Before I could get started looking for some kind of hidden doorway or a wall safe, I had to scramble into a hiding place.
I heard keys scraping against the front door and the sound of a girl giggling. I caught a glimpse of Nancy as she came in with a friend of hers. John Doe had returned from The Open Box, so I needed to beat a retreat. I almost got out of the house before he came in, but didnt quite make it to the door. I hid between a couch and the wall for several moments while I waited for John Doe to finish dropping a few bags in the kitchen. I could see Nancy and the girl I called Ponygirl in the hallway. Nancy made a grab for the other girls crotch while Ken was in the kitchen getting rid of his groceries. The way the girls went at each other, it looked like they planned to start without him. He came back from the kitchen and pulled both girls toward the bedroom. They passed by my hiding place as they moved, but fortunately, none of them saw me. I was pressed between the couch and the wall, and not too well hidden. If any of them had so much as glanced down, they would have seen me.
They disappeared into the main bedroom, and I finally had my chance to escape. I hadn't learned much from my exploration of the Ken Baker house, and it could have cost me my life. While the three of them were getting busy in the bedroom, I made my way back to my own bungalow. I watched the house until dark. The other three girls who lived with him full time arrived back at the house several hours later. I watched the house until the rooms all went dark and then went to bed. I didnt learn anywhere near as much as I hoped, but in the end, it didnt matter. The next day, and the next few weeks, would push this case in a whole new direction.



Chapter 16


The next day, I went back to The Open Box, and found Nancy there on the deck facing the ocean. This time I found her alone. I saw no sign of John Doe or the other girls, so I joined her. I wanted to ask her a few questions. She hadn't come back to my bungalow for several days, so I decided to try getting a few answers from her when I found her. I asked her if she was from Red Rock Point. I already knew the answer, but I wanted to hear what she would say.
No. Im from a little town in Oregon called One Tree, she said.
I didnt tell her I already knew that. I tried to get her talking about the trip to Red Rock Point. I wanted to see if she would talk about her voyage on John Does boat. She did, but only in general terms. It got my curiosity going, because the tone she used sounded a little more emotional than a person would use to tell a story about a routine boat ride. She sounded like it upset her, or she didnt want to talk about it for some reason. I knew a lot because of what Sailor Sam told me, and I could guess what the ride down from One Tree was like, but I wanted to see what Nancy would tell me.
In the end, I got a story that, while less intense, sounded a lot like Ambers story of being with the same guy in the RV. Nancy kept just enough distance between herself and Ken Baker that it gave her a little protection. It made me wonder what my suspect saw in her. He clearly preferred girls he could control, but maybe the challenge kept him interested. Hed probably tried all his techniques on her and it didnt work. He had control over her, but not like he had over the other four girls. It probably irritated him. He could keep her around with a steady supply of free cocaine, but it didnt give him the control he got from the other girls. She remained slightly aloof and distant. It probably drove him nuts. And that might be exactly why he kept her around; he wanted to break her just like the others. He had a pack of girls to choose from in One Tree, and he took only her from among his harem. The two other girls he apparently recruited just for the trip down to Red Rock Point, and then apparently got rid of them. So of all the girls he had among his collection from One Tree, only Nancy made the cut. However, that afternoon I wasnt so interested in learning about her relationship with John Doe, I just wanted to know more about the trip down from One Tree. 
It was fun. It was just the two of us for most of the trip, she said. Ken brought these two girls he said he found on the beach. We had them with us for a little while, but they got off somewhere.
Where did you leave them? I asked.
I dont remember, she said and turned away like she didnt want to talk any more.
They didnt just jump off the 
I told you, I dont remember, She said looking like she might start crying.
I knew I had stumbled on something, but I also didnt want to press too hard. If I did, then Id have a harder time getting her to talk to me in the future. But I did ask one last question.
How far out were you when they got off the boat? I asked.
I dont know, but not far, she said. It may have been a little island. Yes. We left them on a little island no bigger than the boat. I guess they wanted to stay there. Seems odd though.
I stopped pressing her with questions. I decided to take what I had about the two girls, and find out if the police in One Tree had a missing persons case matching the time for John Does boat ride. I said goodbye to Nancy and went back to my bungalow.

I got a flight out to One Tree the next morning. I wanted to go looking around again and see if I could find any sign of what happened to the two girls.
The police in One Tree didnt have any missing persons report that sounded like either of them. My guess was he picked them up right off the beach. They were probably the kind of kids who ran away from home a lot, so their parents didnt panic when they didnt return home or didnt even notice. I wandered around the beach in One Tree asking, but didnt find anyone who remembered them. It seemed like nobody in One Tree knew what I was talking about, not even the police.
On my second day in One Tree, a kid on the beach came up to me and asked me who I was. He looked like a hustler, and he looked beaten down too. The kid looked like he had seen it all because he probably had. He said his name was Joe.
The two girls youre looking for, their names are Tina and Karen, he said. I saw them go away with a guy and a girl. The guys name was Ken and he was a lot older. The girl was a skinny blonde with a lightning bolt tattoo.
What do you know about Tina and Karen? I asked.
Not much, but they lived down here just like I do, he said. That guy came down here a lot. He was always looking for girls to party with for a weekend. I know one thing. They probably didnt make it. That guy is rough. Hes into a lot of messed up things. Some of the girls went away with him for a day or two and came back all beat up. One girl told me shed never go with him again. She said it wasnt worth it. He scared her straight. She went back home to live with her mother. Sometimes I helped him find a new girl, but not often. I liked them. I thought I was helping them. I thought it was like helping a friend get a job, but now Im not so sure. I havent seen Tina or Karen since they got on the boat with him.
I knew what he was trying to tell me, so I let it go. It just depressed me that much more. Tina and Karen probably had life stories a lot like Eva Prince. I just hoped they got scared straight like their friend and went home. I had to wonder how long this John Doe had been leaving behind a trail of bodiesmen and womenjust for his own pleasure.
I pressed him for details about Ken, but I got nothing. The kid didnt know what much about him, and said the man would come down to the beach looking for a girl or two now and then. He said all the girls came back alive, but often with bruises, except Tina and Karen. Those two never came back. I thanked him for talking to me, and went on my way.

When I got back to Red Rock Point, I decided to go search John Does boat. A lot of time had passed since the boat ride down from One Tree, but if I got lucky maybe Id find something that might tell me what happened to Tina and Karen. I had no trouble getting to the boat. I could see it from my front door, all I had to do was swim out to it during the night. So I did exactly that. The swim was just long enough to give me a challenge, but not enough to leave me tired at the end. I took a waterproof bag with me to bring back any evidence. Like I said, getting on the boat was easy, after that things didnt go so smooth.
About the time I started scanning around the deck, I saw a light come on at the house. I ducked down and looked up toward the light. I saw a light moving and bobbing. It was somebody with a flashlight walking down the steps headed toward the boat. It had to be John Doe. I ducked down and moved at a low crawl toward the back of the boat. I didnt think he saw me, and he probably came out to the boat for things now and then all the time. But right then it seemed like the world had come to an end. I was sure the guy would see me, and that would be the end of it all. I had nothing to defend myself with, so I scrambled into a hiding place behind a few deck chairs and waited nervously. When I left the house for my moonlight swim, I never thought about taking a pistol with me.
I sat there behind a few of the deck chairs, hoping the man didnt turn toward me. He went below decks for a few minutes. I considered leaving, but didnt. If I started my swim back now, he would easily see me in the water if he happened to look over the side. In a few minutes, he came back up on deck. He had a stack of papers with him. The looked like ordinary magazines and a few notebooks, but I couldnt tell. He walked around for a few minutes, shining the flashlight around the deck. He stood right over me, but apparently didnt see me wedged in against the solid chair and the wall behind me. I sat there for several tense moments waiting to see if he would notice me. Like I said, I had no weapons, and I wondered if Id become the next victim of that .32 caliber pistol of his. A few moments later, he turned the flashlight back toward the front of the boat and disappeared. I glanced up just long enough to see the flashlight bobbing its way back up the walkway. The light switched off as he got to the door.
I let out a sigh of relief, and continued my search for some sort of evidence. I didnt find any. The boat was clean. I found no blood, no signs of a struggle, and not even a trace of damage. The only thing I did find were two pairs of bikinis that didnt clearly belong to anyone. As evidence goes that was pretty slim, any of the girls might have left them.

The day after my near misadventure searching the boat, I decided to take a look around the island offshore. Nancy said something about a very small island, something about the same size as the boat. I was almost certain the island Nancy remembered was the unfinished gun platform.
When I got out there, I found a couple of places where somebody had dug holes in the ground. The place really wasnt an island. Before the U.S. Navy turned it into a gun platform, it was a glorified rock that almost stuck out of the water. They built it up with steel-reinforced concrete, but never finished it. Over the years sand and rock collected around the thing, then trees started growing on it. During the prohibition era, it made a great place for the liquor smuggler who first had the original house built to hide his boats.
If the holes I found out there were graves, they were empty graves. What I found were just two holes in the ground. Maybe they were graves, and maybe they werent. People dig holes in the ground for millions of reasons, burying a body is only one of them. Serial killers like to keep trophies, and they like to return to the graves of their victims. Some of them go to elaborate lengths to keep the locations secret. I had a theory John Doe was exactly one of those types. The two empty holes in the ground made me wonder if maybe Tina and Karen were buried there at one time, and the killer returned and dug them up to move them someplace else. Maybe he just wanted them closer to where he lived. But I had no idea. It could have just been two holes in the ground. I didnt even know if Tina and Karen died or not. I just knew nobody had seen them for a long time. This case kept generating a lot of questions, but not a lot of answers. The answers would require a lot more searching.



Chapter 17


Since my first exploration of his house, I never had a chance to get back inside. Its hard to go snooping into another persons house when theyre still at homeespecially when the guy keeps house with five girls. I kept hoping to find all of them gone at once, but I got tired of that and started following him around town. At first, I didnt learn much. He rarely went anywhere except The Open Box and a few stores. The guy rarely left the house. For the most part, he tended to bring the things he wanted to him, instead of going out for them. He even did most of his shopping online. His girls also rarely left the house except to go party at The Open Box, and I could expect to find two or three of them hanging around even if he left the house.
The presence of so many girls, and no guys gave me another reason to wonder if I had followed the evidence trail to the right guy. At least twice, he used the pretense of being gay to lure somebody into a trap. But maybe it was just a pretense. He might have put up a front of being gay just long enough to lure them in, before he killed them. If he had a preference for guys, I never saw it following him around. Maybe he kept his orientation buried in the closet, but I saw no hint of it during the time I tracked him.
My best inside source for information about Ken Baker was still Nancy Reed, she came over frequently, and I could usually learn something from her. I tried to ask, carefully as I could, if Ken had any secret places inside the house. She thought the question was funny, but said the house was just the house as far as she knew. I kept asking Nancy all kinds of questions and kept hoping my suspect would lead me to the gold stash, but he only went two placesthe Open Box and home. And that was it. He went no place else. Technically, he had another place he visited now and then, but I hadn't found it yet. That discovery would come later.
I tried to get myself invited over as often as I could. That didnt take much effort. The party animal known as Ken Baker kept himself going with a circle of friends who hung around just to benefit from the favors he passed out during his parties. He had a ready supply of drugs, and he made them available freely and easily. I quickly noticed he used the girls the same way. He did nothing to stop them from disappearing into the back rooms with guests.
To my dismay, I noticed Nancy went into the backrooms with several of the guests, but just like everything else, she did it a lot less than the other girls did. I liked Nancy, and I wanted things to work out for her. So the way she tried so very hard to destroy herself bothered me.
The first thing I noticed about my suspects parties was they had a public side and a hidden side. The front room was more or less public. The real action at his parties happened in the back rooms, which makes them just like most peoples parties in some ways. The only difference with a typical Ken Baker party was the scale and magnitude of it.
All the nudity happened in the back parts of the house. I didnt frequent the sex room other than as a spectator, and even then, I went just to verify my suspicions. I noticed Nancy had her limits and apparently, group sex was part of that. I saw her disappear into a backroom with a guy and even a girl now and then, but I never saw her in the sex room. What went on in the sex room was an orgy involving John Doe and several of his guests. Not myself, I might add. I drew the line at that. I went there to learn where he stashed Baxters loot, and that was it. I drank his liquor, and I accepted a visit from Nancy Reed now and then, but the kind of wholesale craziness going on definitely wasnt my style.
The sex room was amazing. He had a kind of playground for adults. You could enjoy the sex, even if you didnt want to participate. The room came with a spectators gallery. You could sit behind a two-way mirror with a few other guests and watch the orgy going on in the next room. I noticed my suspect clearly got a charge out of being watched. The glass was mirrored, but it created shadows, so he could tell if he had an audience or not. When he had an audience, he clearly enjoyed it.
The first night I went, I let the novelty of it lure me into staying and watching longer than I probably ought to have. Two of the girls put on a show for Ken. He had his own spectators chair inside the main room where he could watch the show. I watched one of the girls wearing this impossibly large, and impossibly pink strap-on dildo. She put it inside the other girl, and thrust in and out hard and fast. The thing must have hurt because the girl turned toward the spectator section with a look of pleasure and pain on her face. She raised herself and turned her hips to give the spectators a better view. The girl wanted the people gathered in the viewing room to watch the thing go inside her. Ken watched the two girls go at it for a few minutes, and then he joined them. I left right after that. I really didnt want to watch my suspect having sex. No. Enough was enough, so I left.
I saw Nancy there too, but I was relieved to see she only went into the spectator gallery. I liked Nancy, and I could guess if she survived her rebellious phase, shed probably turn into a pretty good girl. I went into the sex room a few more times after that and I admit I went there largely to check on Nancy. I never saw her on the other side of the glass, and I rarely saw her among the spectators. Granted I had my own explaining to do about why I went there so often. The first time, I could say was research. It was part of my job. The other times maybe I was just checking on Nancy. But in reality, I probably had as much explaining to do as she did. What went on back there was sick and twisted, but a lot of fun to watch at the same time. Ok I admit it. Im no saint.
I talk about the moral high ground a lot, and I really do try to do the right thing. But sometimes you have to do get ugly to make things happen. I really needed to persuade this guy I wasnt a threat, and I was one of his kind. So I put on a front of being a party animal just like him and an irresponsible playboy. It worked, or so I thought at the time. I didnt know it yet, but my act had some flaws that caused me some major problems down the road. But when I say I was worried about Nancy I mean it. I admit I was using her to get better access to Ken Bakers little world, and she provided me a lot of information. But I really wanted to see her turn out ok and escape from that evil bastard.
The question was if she had enough sense to get away in time. She knew to keep a little distance from him and the other girls. As for the other girls drawn to John Doe, I didnt know what would happen to them. Nothing good, I was sure of that much.
Later during the same party, I saw Baker go into the back part of the house. I followed him part way and got a glimpse of him opening a hidden cupboard in the side of one wall. I was sure I had done it, and all very easily. I thought I had at last found the spot where he kept Baxters gold. I waited until he swept past my hiding place on his way back into the main room, then I went to the same hidden panel. I pushed it open. The trick to opening it took me a few moments, but I did it. When the door opened, I found his stash. I couldnt miss it. He left it out in plain sight. But it was not the stash I expected. All I had found was the place he hid his marijuana and a few other light drugs. I saw no cocaine, so I supposed he kept the hard stuff somewhere else. And, of course, no gold. I went back to the main room feeling a little defeated. I didnt know it yet, but I had just found a minor clue something wasnt right. I didnt see it at the time, but I was being played for a fool. More importantly, nothing was as it seemed and I couldnt see it to save my life, and my life really was at stake.



Chapter 18


Id been watching my suspect for a long time, but still had no idea where he kept Baxters gold. I suspected he made trips to the hiding place, and brought bits and pieces back to the house. The man left the house too unsecured for me to believe he had all that gold hidden there. It wouldnt make sense. The whole reason for my following him was I hoped he might lead me to the stash. He never did. I learned a lot about the guy, but never found the gold stash that way.
Nothing he did made sense. For example, I discovered a little ritual he had. The guy took regular drives around the city, and cruised the beltway encircling Red Rock Point. About twice a week, he drove the same route, with one stop at a nature park. I started following him each time he left the house for one of his drives. He left home at the same time, hit the same fast-food place at the same time, stopped at the same nature park at the same time, and returned home at the same time. The routine never varied.
The stop at the nature park puzzled me most. When he got there, I watched him get out of his car, then disappear for several minutes. Every time he did this he came back covered in sweat and looking tired. After about the fourth time, I decided to follow him down the park trail. Most of the time he just took a typical stroll through a nature park, but not always. The weirdness happened during his stop at a little clearing off the trail. Most of the other walkers probably didnt know this clearing existed, you had to leave the trail and go through the trees quite a distance to reach it. When I followed him, I found him out there sitting on a large rock having a conversation with the air. And it wasnt just him thinking out loud either. He was having a full-blown conversation with an invisible man. He even followed the invisible man around the clearing and waved his arms just like you might when you wanted to make a point. It sounded like he was arguing with him. Now and then, he would sit down on a rock and continue his conversation with the air. It looked like he was trying to persuade the invisible man to do something. At one point, he even got on his knees and begged. I couldnt get close enough to understand his actual words without him seeing me. I could hear him talking, but couldnt understand what he said. I regretted not having anything to record or amplify his speech. I really wanted to know what he said to his imaginary friend. People with disturbed minds think all kinds of things, so I wondered if he thought he was talking to a ghost, a demon, or something else.
I watched him go through this ritual out there in the woods several times, but never made much sense of it. I noticed by the third time I followed him out there the pitch and tone of his voice changed. He was acting out the other persons part and made his voice deeper and more authoritarian. He sounded like an angry parentmaybe a father. I couldnt follow what the conversation was about, all I could ever tell was it involved an angry parent, and a kid named Xavier. It was the same name Toby mentioned, the person he said they both knew back in the old days. I didnt know what it meant, but it clearly meant something.
He acted out the same scene every time, all I could tell was the kid in the scene had done something wrongsomething that enraged the father. I tried to get closer to the clearing and get a better idea what he was saying, but never could. All I could catch were bits and pieces of dialog and a few isolated words.
The third and final time I followed him out to the clearing, I decided to go back and have a closer look at it. I followed John Doe back to his house and made sure he wasnt planning on returning. I didnt want him to come back to the clearing and find me there looking around. I got my metal detector, and went back to the clearing and searched the place with it. I found nothing. The clearing was small, kind of like a circle of grass surrounded by trees. I sat there for a few minutes on the same rock my suspect used wondering what drew him to this place nearly every day to have those arguments with his invisible man. Whatever it was about this place that attracted him to it, I would probably never know, but clearly something here mattered to him. All his hikes into the nature park ended here. I puzzled over that little clearing in the woods for a long time, but never figured it out completely. Given the number of people I felt sure my suspect had killed, I wondered if this wasnt some sort of burial ground. I didnt know, and unless I started digging the place up, I had no way to know.

I hadn't seen Nancy around for several days. I had hoped that maybe she went home to her mother, but she didnt. When she returned, she told me she spent a few days alone at a resort south of here. She didnt volunteer any more details. All the hope I had that maybe she had come to her senses and returned home turned out to be misplaced, because in a few days she turned back into the drug-addled girl I knew before. The irony of Nancys situation was how much smarter she was than the other girls. She really ought to know better. The other girls hanging around the Ken Baker house were dumber than toast. It didnt surprise me girls like them would trade favors with John Doe for cocaine or meth. Nancy, on the other hand, seemed too smart. But there she was, hanging out with them and slowly turning into one of them.
I never expected to get so close to anybody in Ken Bakers house, let alone this beautiful derelict kid trying to destroy herself. But thats what happened. The more time I spent with Nancy, the more I liked her. I took her out several times, and we went to the beach down the way to the south. I even took her shopping at the mall, and I hate malls. I think some of it may have been because she started to remind me of my kid sister. My sister Julie went through her wild phase, although not on the scale Nancy did. The difference was, my kid sister paid with her life for hers. She started hanging around with the wrong crowd, and we never could change her attitude. My parents tried all they could to get to stop hanging out with her low-life friends. Then one day she just vanished. I was in my first year of college when she disappeared. I spent so much time looking for her, I flunked out of school. We never found her. The police closed the case and went on with other things. When I started working for the Stevensburg Police Department, I got into the case files myself. But I never found anything either. Nobody ever knew if it was her lifestyle, and hanging around with the wrong people, or just something random. Julie just disappeared. She went out for a jog, and never came back.
Nancy reminded me of her, young, dumb, and stubborn as hell. I dont mean dumb as in low IQ, but dumb as in poor judgment. She probably had half a dozen relatives trying to get her back on the straight and narrow, but she kept to her own self-destructive path. I didnt tell Nancy any of that, I just drove her around Red Rock Point and hung out with her now and then. But every time she asked me to let her off at Kens house, I had the same feeling. I had a feeling this kid was headed toward a very bad end.

One day, while I was still watching the Ken Baker house, I got a call from Erin. She had a warning about Howard Greene, and told me he had been around the office twice looking for me. Apparently, he had tracked down enough empty leads he decided maybe I was the guy to follow.
I think he plans to find you, Erin said.
If he can, I said. The last I heard he was off chasing after nothing.
I know, she said. But came around asking about where you went. Eventually, even he will figure something out. Also, the Baxter sisters want an update.
It was true; I hadn't given the Baxter girls an update in a long time. So I called Cindy Baxter and told her what I had. They also had a bit of news for me; Amber had moved in with them. When she felt well enough to move out on her own, she went and moved into the Baxter farmhouse. She also sold the RV to help them pay off the bank. Right after the police released it, they returned it to her. The RV, at least was still in her name. She also got the property John Doe coerced out of her and tried to sell returned to her. She hired a lawyer, got the property delisted, and reasserted her ownership. Given the condition of the house, I didnt think shed make a penny for it, but she might get something for the land. I hoped everything would work out for her. She was a nice kid too, just like Nancy.
Cindy told me she hoped Amber would stay with them forever. It started to sound like they had started a kind of shelter out on that farm of theirs. The one thing all of them had in common was theyd all suffered abuse and torment from the same evil bastard. Unfortunately, he was a guy they all knew by different names and that I still hadn't identified. For now, the guy across the way from me in Red Rock Point was a John Doe suspect who called himself Ken Baker. That was one of the little things that bothered me. I couldnt confirm the mans identity, all I could do was call him John Doe or use his current aliasKen Baker. Id already spent a lot of time working on this case, yet he was still a John Doe.
Not long after I got the call from Erin about Howard Green, everything about the case changed. I was about to have another encounter with Howard Greene. I didnt know it yet, but he was going to do me a favor. The man sent me an email and said he planned to visit Red Rock Point. He said he wanted a meeting, and said he had something to help me identify my John Doe suspect. The man hadn't done any amazing detective work, but he managed to figure out something I hadn't. He put together a few pieces of the puzzle and came up with a possible name. It almost made it worth the hassle he caused. 



Chapter 19


The killer returned to One Tree looking for Joe. The punk had become a problem. Joe supplied him with most of his girls during his time there, but a strange thing happened. Joe started to become too fond of them. He started asking questions about where the girls went.
The killers arrangement with Joe worked well enough until Karen and Tina came along. The two girls disappeared and it had made Led Sinclair return to One Tree to ask more questions. If Joe had only stuck to business, he might have lived. But the punk actually liked Tina and Karenhe kept calling and asking about them. He wanted to know where they went.
The worst part was even the killer had no idea what happened to the two girls. They were his type, and they would have been fun for him, but he hadn't killed them. Instead, they disappeared the moment The Golden Dream touched land right outside the old smugglers beach house. They really had vanished; even the killer didnt know where they went.
Ironically, although everybody thought they were dead, they really had simply wandered off to a place nobody would suspect. They both passed out drunk when they reached the island right off shore from the house, and when they awoke they decided to run. The trip down involved more than they could tolerate, so they decided to escape while they could. The two girls slipped unnoticed off the boat and walked up the beach to the road near Ken Bakers house. From there they walked to the bus station and bought tickets.
In reality, the two had escaped and run off to live with an uncle on a farm in Wyoming. They didnt know the rest of the world wrote them off as missing and presumed dead. After they survived their trip down the west coast on The Golden Dream, they decided to escape and go hide. Joe was the one who hired them out to the monster on the boat ride, so they never considered telling him where they went. They never considered going back to One Tree at all. If they knew he actually worried about them, they would have felt shocked. They blamed him for the bad experience on the boat, and thought he sold them off to Ken Baker on a one-way ticket. They thought he intended to get them killed.
So they decided to go into hiding. One of them, the girl named Tina, had an uncle who owned a ranch in Wyoming. It was far away, and nobody would think to look for them there, so they went there to hide.
Where they went the killer didnt know, and didnt really care, but he did know Joe had to disappear. Joes questions and phone calls asking about the girls threatened to reveal the elaborate game he created down the coast in Red Rock Point. The killer would prefer a contract killing, but he couldnt raise any of his usual sources. He would have to take care of Joe himself, and it meant leaving his post in Red Rock Point. It would expose him to detection and maybe unravel the game, but he had no choice. Doing nothing about Joe created too great a risk.
Finding Joe proved easy enough. The killer went to the beach and found him there advertising himself or his boys and girls to the tourists. As he approached, the kid saw him and made a run for it. As he ran, the kids cellphone fell from his pocket. The killer picked it up and then gave chase, but lost Joe in the crowed of tourists.
After a few minutes of looking, he walked closer to the waters edge, and threw the phone into the water. Without his phone, the kid would need to use a pay phone. If he was going to use a payphone, the killer could guess which one. The only working pay phone along this section of beach sat outside a convenience store near the most popular public beach. Vandals had destroyed all the others, and the phone company had no interest in fixing them. The cellphone revolution had reduced the need for them, so the one pay phone met the need of an entire beach where 20 years ago it took a dozen of them. The killer already knew where to go and wait for Joe. The killer parked his car across from the convenience store and waited.

The moment he spotted the killer earlier that day, Joe began to panic. The first rule of survival is never panic, and Joe had begun to come unglued from the very beginning. His first fatal mistake was to drop his cellphone when he started to run. He didnt even notice it missing until he reached for it to make another call. After that, he spent most of the day mingling among the crowds along the beaches, trying to look like just another face. Joe never considered going to the police. They all knew him too well, and wouldnt care very much somebody wanted to kill him. In addition to being a gay prostitute, he was also a pimp, and a drug dealer. If somebody killed him, the police would only see him as a problem somebody eliminated for them. Joe never once thought of calling them. He doubted they would do much to protect him. In his panic, he tried to think of places he could go hide, but none came to him. The killer knew all of them. He reached into his pocket for a pack of smokes and his hand came up with one of Led Sinclairs business cards. He started to throw it away, but then decided Led might be his last hope. The kid tried asking strangers to use their cellphones, but struck out every time he asked. To most people, he looked like trouble. Joe had a rough street-kid look to him that frightened people. After a few minutes of this, he decided to go looking for a pay phone. Joe had never used a pay phone in his entire young life, but he recalled seeing one outside the convenience store near the most popular public beaches. He hadn't seen the killer for several hours, so around nightfall he started walking there.

The killer spent most of the night watching the payphone. He was a patient man, but the long wait taxed his patience and nerves. First, he grew anxious and worried that Joe had escaped, but as the night wore on fatigue overcame him. He sat in his car and watched until he fell asleep. The sound of a slamming door next to him awakened him. If the man in the car next to his hadn't picked that exact moment to go out for a pack of cigarettes, the killer might have missed his target. He sat up in the seat and looked around. A second later, Joe came ambling up to use the phone. He watched as Joe started the phone call, and then leaned against the wall. The killer got out of the car and approached him from behind. The kid never saw or heard him. He didnt dare kill him out in a public place like this; instead, he slapped the chloroformed soaked rag across his face, bound him, and carried him back to the car. Joe was light for a male, but it was almost too much for the killer to carry him. The killer was not a strong man, and the effort exhausted him even though the distance was not great. He threw the unconscious kid into the trunk, and then took a few seconds to look around and check if anybody had seen him. The security cameras were all on the other side, and the man out for cigarettes was still inside the store. It was perfect. Nobody had seen him. He had no witnesses to worry about reporting him to the police. The killer drove to an isolated corner of the beach, and parked near the boardwalk. He dragged the kid under it and threw him on the ground. The killer snapped a vial of smelling salts under his nose and waited for him to awaken.
When he awoke, he found himself staring into the killers face. Joes eyes slowly focused and cleared in the darkness underneath the boardwalk along the beach. When he looked up, he found himself staring into the killers face. The man had the .32 automatic levelled down at him.
You ask too many questions, the killer said. What do Karen and Tina matter to you?
I didnt ask no questions, Joe said. I just wanted to find my friends.
What friends? People like you dont need friends. What are they to you? I paid you, and thats enough for you. Besides, youre talking to the police. What did you tell that detective? The man named Sinclair?
Nothing. I didnt mean to cause no trouble mister.
Sure you didnt.
Please dont kill me. Please can't we. 
Joe tried to talk the killer into sparing his life. First, he tried reasoning with him, and then he simply begged. The killer loved it when they did that. He let the kid beg a few more times, and then shot him once through the forehead. The kid slumped to one side. The killer slowly returned to his car and drove away. 



Chapter 20


A sudden burst of light and noise snapped me awake from a dream. I dont remember the dream, but it must have been good because I had a hard time letting it go. I sat up on the bed and looked around the room. The dream quickly faded away into nothing, leaving me with a room full of noise and light. After a few seconds of confusion, I realized it was just my cellphone and not the apocalypse or world war three. I left it plugged in and sitting on my nightstand. When I answered, I found myself talking to Joe the hustler from back in One Tree. I tried to imagine why he called me, but never really got a chance to ask. He talked a mile a minute from the second I got him on the phone, and I had a hard time understanding a word he said. The kid sounded scared. I was still half-asleep when I picked up, so he had to remind me who he was. I recalled the kids name and face, and asked why he called.
Theres somebody following me, the kid said. That guy is following me, and I think he plans to do something bad.
It had to be my suspect. I hadn't done much to draw attention to myself when I went back to One Tree, but if so much as one person called the alias Ken Baker with news somebody was in town asking questions, it could give me away. I couldnt do much to prevent that. I gave Joe the hustler one of my business cards and my cellphone number, and he called me looking for help. I sat up in bed and fought the heavy weight of sleep clouding my mind for a few more minutes. I listened to the voice on the other end of the phone for a few more moments before I responded.
What do you want me to do? I asked.
Youre a cop right? he asked.
No Im a private investigator, I said. But thats beside the point I guess. Whos looking for you?
The same guy you were looking for, Joe said. I helped him find girls. Somebody told him I was talking to the police. I want you to come up here and get this guy off me. I know what he wants to do to me.

And with that, the line went dead. I tried calling the number on my cellphone, but the phone just rang forever and nobody answered. I wrote down the number flashing on my cellphone screen, and went to look it up on my computer. I ran it through the database and it came up with a payphone near the beach in One Tree. I plugged the address into the mapping software I use, and it gave me a nice google earth view of the place. The call came from the phone right out in front of a convenience store in One Tree along the public beach.
Of all the people he could have called when he got in trouble, he called me. I didnt really understand why, but maybe it didnt matter. Lots of people call me when they need help, especially when they have violent people with guns after them. The thing was I hardly knew Joe. I only passed a single afternoon with the kid. I gave him one of my business cards, but he hardly knew me from Adams uncle. Yet out of all the people he could have called when he had a killer bearing down on him, he picked me. I phoned the police in One Tree, and told them what happened. They said they would send a patrol car to check out the area around the c-store. I looked at the time and decided to head up there that day. It was already early morning, so I decided to just stay up instead of going back to sleep. I booked a flight for myself from the computer and started getting dressed.

When I got to One Tree, I checked in with the police and discovered exactly what I expected. Joe the Hustler died from a single shot to the forehead from a .32 caliber handgun. They found the kids body under one of the boardwalks along the beach. The cops gave me the kids real name, Carl Joseph Hyatt, age 19better known as Joe. He had no relatives, and nobody came to claim the body. I went to the morgue to view the body and confirm it was him. They knew what I knew. He was a hustler who worked the beaches, and didnt seem to have much purpose in life except getting high and hustling to make a living. He was one of those sorry cases you see every day, until they make you numb. In short, he didnt matter much to the rest of society and most people wouldnt notice or care he died. Our culture has a bias against people like Joe. I could guess his story. He probably came from an abusive family, in a rotten neighborhood, with a school full of bad teachers. He passed through a terrible childhood that drove him to drugs and alcohol for relief and comfort. He probably passed through a few institutions here and there, and eventually ended up somebody elses problem. Id seen kids like him a million times as a cop. Their life stories rarely have happy endings.
The police in One Tree hadn't turned up very much, but the investigation had just started. It probably didnt matter anyway. They probably already knew everything they would ever know. This killer had plenty of experience in not leaving a trace. I put them in touch with Jack in Stevensburg and let it go at that. When I went to One Tree, I hoped I would find another lead. Of course, I found nothing. The killer left no traces. This time he even picked up his brass after he fired the shot.
When I pressed the kid about his involvement with Ken Baker, he just told me he sent some girls to the mans boat. I suspected he helped supply Baker with girls, and maybe with boys too for that matter, but the kid didnt want to tell me. My first suspicion was John Doe came back and eliminated him because somebody saw him talking to me. Joe could connect my suspect and the two missing girls and he could supply a reason for their disappearance. Joe was a threat, so he eliminated him.
Once again, I knew something I couldnt prove. The kid probably thought he was doing the girls he sent Ken Bakers way a favor, and helping them survive. He meant well, even if things didnt turn out right. Of course, this assumed anything bad happened to the two girls. The only thing I knew for certain was the last time anybody saw them alive they were getting on Ken Bakers new boat and nobody had seen them since then. That didnt mean they were dead, it just meant nobody had seen them. All I knew for certain was they disappeared, and several things could explain that. Murder was the most likely reason, but lots of things could explain why they disappeared. All anybody could prove was they vanished without a trace.

Id been wrestling with my conscience for a long time. I knew my suspect was a killer, but I was more worried about getting Baxters gold than catching a killer. Maybe I could have turned over what I had to the local police and Joe would still be alive. But that wasnt what my client hired me to do. If Uncle Sam took Baxters gold, it would force the Baxter girls into bankruptcy and that beautiful farm of theirs would end up just another ugly subdivision or a shopping center. So I just sat on what I had. If I had known Joes life was in danger, I would have done something. God only knows, I would have done something, but I had to stick with what my client hired me to do. And what they hired me to do was recover what this monster stole from them. But I admit I didnt always sleep well during the time I worked on this case.
I got a motel for the night in One Tree, but didnt sleep at all. I tried to fall asleep, but just lay there watching the ceiling. Eventually I got up, wandered the boardwalks by the beach, and went down to the shore. Joe lived down here somewhere. I didnt kill him, and if Id known what was going to happen I would have stopped it, but somehow I felt like this was my fault. I had enough to drop the boom on my suspect a lot earlier, but I didnt. I could say I had a responsibility to my client, and that came first, at least thats what I told myself. It didnt matter. I felt guilty anyway, and I felt restless. So I did what I always do when I feel that way. I did a lot of aimless walking.
One Trees a small town, so I walked it from one end to the other before sunrise, and then wandered back to my motel just as the sun started to rise. I lay down in bed and rested a bit, but never did fall asleep. I couldnt sleep yet.

While I was in One Tree, I got a call from none other than Howard Greene. I wasnt too surprised to hear from him, but I expected him to wait for me in Red Rock Point. I was impressed he knew where I went, since I hadn't even told Erin about my trip to One Tree. Very gradually, the guy was starting to change my initial impression of him as a bumbling keystone cop. I asked him how he tracked me to One Tree, but he wouldnt tell me. I started to think maybe he was a better investigator than I thought. Howard Greene said he wanted to meet at the D&E Restaurant not far from my motel in downtown One Tree.
The drive to go meet up with Greene got a little colorful for a few blocks. I take that back. Colorful isn't the right word. It got ugly is what it got. Just as I pulled out of the motel parking lot, I saw a car settle in right behind me. The guy was several cars back, but he was definitely there. I gunned the engine and watched as the guy took the bait and accelerated along with me. I let him chase me for a few blocks, and then decided to corner him. I threw the car into a sudden hairpin turn, circled the block, and came up behind him. The guy was stuck at a stop light ahead of me. I intended to catch up with him and corner him. Ill give the guy credit; he wasnt a total amateur at this sort of thing. He spotted me and made a jackrabbit start at the stop light. I tried to catch up with him, but he stopped me cold. I never learned for certain who he was, but the bastard had a heart of solid ice. The guy took a pistol in each hand and shot the drivers on either side of him in traffic. Dead people dont drive too well, and both cars spun out of control. It created a massive pileup that blocked me from catching up with him. I got out and started helping people out of their cars. Two of the cars ahead of me flipped over and caught fire. Ive seen some nasty people in my time, but killing totally innocent, random people just to shake a tail absolutely amazed me. It takes a lot to shock me, but that move of his left me shocked. I didnt know if it was my suspect up there ahead of me, or one of his hired guns but it really didnt matter in some ways. Whoever it was, the guy was a total bastard.

Howard Greene asked me to meet him at a local restaurant called the D&E. The place turned out to be a local dive, kind of a greasy-spoon restaurant with an emphasis on the grease part. I learned from the clerk at my motel, when I asked for directions, D&E stood for Douglas and Evertonthe two guys who started the placebut the local joke name was, dirty and empty. When I got there, I found Howard sitting in the back. The place definitely lacked charm in many ways, but it wasnt particularly dirty or empty. It was a popular local place Greene learned about from a visit back in the 1990s. He told me he visited One Tree on a case back then involving insurance fraud. When I got there, I explained why I was late. I told Greene the story about my car chase through One Tree and the nutcase with the guns in traffic.
Greene was shocked too. It gave us something to talk about for a few minutes before we got down to business. Greene more or less admitted he was stuck. He had tracked the suspect from the Baxter farm, and figured out it all tied back to Tom Baxters smuggling days, but he had no idea what to do next. The subject matter came as a little bit of a surprise. The man said he had information to share and wanted to see if we could come to an agreement and work together. In short, the man proposed a truce.
I was already interested, mostly because I thought it might put an end to the open warfare between the two of us. I really didnt think he would tell me anything I couldnt learn on my own, but I definitely wanted to end the fighting between us. I had tried to make peace with Greene several times, so this friendly contact from him took me by surprise. Greene told me he had information that might help me, if I agreed we should work together.
What he offered was a name and a storage locker. He got the name Jason Cunningham from several people along the way, and felt certain this was the man we were both chasing. I considered that, but rejected it mostly because Jason Cunningham was in the Army with Tom Baxter. That made it unlikely he was the suspect I tracked down to Red Rock Point, because none of the DNA samples or fingerprints I sent to Jack pulled up anything. If hed served in the military, he should have come up with a hit on one or both of those.
Green stuck with his theory. He pointed out that for enough money a surgeon could alter fingerprints, or remove them. I didnt believe that. I know you can remove fingerprints, but Id never heard of altering prints. Still I went along with the trade. If it let me permanently end our feud, then I was for it. Then he came up with something else, something that made the entire deal worth the price of admission. He had a rental receipt in Jason Cunninghams name. Green shoved it across the table toward me.
I havent been there to see whats inside, Greene said. But Im headed to El Paso next week to go have a look. I called the owner, and somebody has made payments on it for the last 20 years. I bet whatevers inside links to this case.
You said somebody, so its not Cunningham who made the payments? I asked.
The owner said the payments showed up regularly, but he didnt know who paid the rent, Greene said. The stuff inside that locker will blow this whole thing wide open.

When we got to El Paso and opened the storage locker, at first I thought, we had found nothing at all, at least nothing useful. What we found inside was a motorcycle and a backpack. The bike was a high-dollar German bike and took up most of the space inside the locker, but the backpack provided us with the most information. Howard Greene pushed the bike outside while I opened the backpack. The pack was sitting in the corner opposite the motorcycle.
I dumped the contents out and we both looked through it. It had very little inside it except a few papers and a map. The map, as it turned out, made it all worth the effort and pain of dealing with Howard Greene. The map showed a route out through the desert, with a very large X at the end.
We both decided to go out into the desert to find the thing marked on the map. Greene started up the BMW motorcycle and followed me in my rented Jeep. Howard Greene, the uptight and by the book cop from Templeton surprised me. He rode the BMW out into the desert, and he rode it like a kid. The guy raced me out through the desert. At one point, he came around me shot up on an embankment alongside the road and vaulted across the hood of my jeep. I wouldnt have expected a guy like him to make a risky move like that. Howard Greene always came off as a no-nonsense, button-down kind of guy. But on a cops income, especially one from a small town like Templeton, a BMW motorcycle like the one we borrowed from the storage locker back in El Paso is like a dream. Poor guys don't ride bikes that cost six figures new. Greene clearly wanted to take full advantage of his chance. He might not get another one.
After he vaulted around in front of me, he shot way ahead and created a massive dust cloud that brought me to a stop for a few minutes. The roads out here were all dirt, and a single vehicle left a massive, blinding cloud behind it. When the dust settled enough I could see, I started down the road. Eventually I caught up to Greene and he waited for me to go on head of him. He had to. I was the one with the map. From this point, the road branched into a dozen different paths anyone of which might be the wrong one.
The two of us stopped at one particularly confusing intersection. We both studied the map together and looked at the road in front. The confusing thing was three roads came together here instead of only two, and the map didnt make it clear which one we should follow. Greene took the map from me, studied the terrain for a moment, and decided on the road to the right. I hoped he chose correctly. My gas tank would likely run dry before we could find our way out again if he chose wrong.
We started back on the path out to the X, with me driving the Jeep and Greene right behind on the motorcycle. Within a few minutes, we had a plume of dust trailing high into the air behind us as we went along. The desert was a labyrinth of rocks, rutted out bad roads, and abandoned cars. In a few places, the abandoned houses and wrecked cars made it look like the aftermath of the apocalypse. We passed an abandoned house with cars parked in the driveway that looked like the entire family had just vanished all at once. The house and cars had busted out windows and peeling paint. The house leaned to one side and looked like a strong wind might push it over. After passing the last abandoned house, and the last abandoned car, we found ourselves out in the vast desert with the mountains behind us. At last, we reached the point marked by the X on the map.
When we first got there, it didnt appear to have anything of interest. It looked like we had come all this way for nothing. It looked just like the surrounding desert. We both walked around for several minutes looking for a sign of something to find. For a long time, we doubted we even found the right spot. It just looked like empty desert. Then we found the cellar.
I tripped over a few inches of concrete sticking out above the hard-packed desert soil. I found what looked like the corner of a concrete block sticking out of the dirt. I had probably walked past it a dozen times while we wandered around trying to decipher what exactly the X on the map represented. When we went looking for the X, we expected to find something pointing right to our suspect. With all the smuggled gold in this case, I let myself hope we might find something valuable. We found something else, something a lot worse. We found something out of a nightmare.
I went back to the car and came back with a shovel. I moved the dirt away, and revealed the door. It looked like a storm shelter, or a root cellar, set flush with the ground. The thing was buried under about a foot of dirt and dust. When I got the dirt pushed aside, we found it had a lock on it. We didnt have anything to cut the lock off the door, so I crouched level with the ground, took careful aim, and shot the lock off. The padlock partially disintegrated when the .45 slug slammed into it, sending the pieces flying across the desert.
I pulled the door open, and looked down into the dark. It took a few minutes for my eyes to adjust to the black, but when they did, I found a nightmare scene below me. Inside the buried cellar, I found about a dozen bodies. They looked up at me out of the darkness with the vacant eyes of skulls and corpses. All of them had partially mummified in the dry desert air. The skin had dried and peeled away leaving the bone underneath exposed here and there. They looked like mummies out of a bad horror flick. It made my heart leap in my chest and caused me to stagger back a bit.
I turned to look at Howard and he came and looked down inside the cellar too. Holy damn, he said looking down into the cellar. I glanced around the cellar a bit, and then climbed down the ladder into the pit. I knew better then to disturb any evidence, but I wanted a look around. The first thing I noticed was all the bodies were intact. The bodies had no holes, and no signs of trauma, except one. I saw one with a missing arm, but I didnt examine them carefully. I didnt learn anything from my first encounter with the dead down inside the cellar. I did notice they hadn't died easily. As I started up, I saw scratch marks left on the steel door overhead where some of them tried to claw their way out. I also found a fingernail ripped from the bone stuck to the wall. After the bad guy slammed the overhead door shut, panic must have set in down there. I climbed back up the ladder, and phoned the police.
While we waited for them to arrive, I called Roger Voltzman and told him what we found. I had an idea maybe this cellar full of bodies might turn out to be his missing suspects from back in the day. Somebody involved in the smuggling wanted to eliminate the competition, so he could keep the profits for himself. Both former MPs said all the suspects simply vanished without a trace, and left no leads at all.
I dont have the list of names right here with me, but I can get it to the El Paso Police Department by this afternoon, he said.
Thats good, because I think I just found them, I said.

My hunch turned out to be right. Voltzman got the list of people they planned to serve warrants on back in the day, and as they pulled the bodies out of the cellar, it was a perfect match. Most of them had ID on them, so it didnt take much to match them with the list. Everybody assumed they all just pulled a disappearing act and went into hiding. In reality, they hadn't gone anywhere. Somebody locked them inside the cellar and left them to die. I stayed at the scene late into the night with the cops as they pulled the bodies out to the cellar, so I got a good view of what they found.
In all they counted a dozen bodies. One of the cops had the list of suspects Voltzman sent, and checked the ID on the bodies against it. I wanted to see how our Jason Cunningham theory would work out, so I went up to him, and asked if he found anybody named Jason Cunningham. He shook his head, but added he wasnt done yet.
One of them had no ID on him, he said. And Ive not checked this one.
We both walked over to the last body just as they set him down on the ground. The cop carefully reached into the mans back pocket and took out a wallet. The drivers license inside said Jason G. Cunningham. Now I was right back to square one.
When the cop pulled the wallet out, another piece of paper fell out and I picked it up. I unfolded it and started reading. It identified the killer. The note was short and to the point, we were lured out here by XD and left for dead. I cannot see to write in the dark. I hope you can read this.
He didnt write anything more, and what he did write was scrawled in large, hard-to-read letters. I handed it to the cop. He read it and then asked me, so who is XD?
I was hoping you could tell me, I said.
Whoever XD was, he was among the smugglers working stateside. He must have seen an opportunity to take all the money for himself and get rid of the competition. When that gold engine bracket got installed on a truck and the cops started looking for them, he probably persuaded his buddies he had the perfect place to hide. So he took them into the desert, and locked them in the root cellar. They stayed down there out in the desert where nobody could hear them screaming for help, and slowly died of starvation and dehydration. I couldnt help thinking of how my John Doe suspect left Amber to die the same way. She survived only because he hadn't expected the window to spring a leak and provide her with water, or for a steady supply of food in the form of rats and mice to come up through the floor.
I didnt know who XD was, and it would probably turn out to be just another alias the man used. Now I just had to prove XD was the same guy I tracked down to Red Rock Point. The only thing XD made me think of at that point was all those tirades I watched John Doe go through in the woods. He used the name Xavier during those, and it made me wonder if the X stood for Xavier. That name had started turning up all over the place. I first heard Toby use it with John Doe. It clearly alarmed him when he used the name. Now I wondered if it was his name or something else. My suspect had a habit of taking the names of his victims, so maybe Xavier was one of his victims. I didnt know. I only knew I had a piece of paper blaming someone called XD for leading this cellar full of corpses to their death, and the name Xavier kept turning up all through this.
I stopped to look around the desert surrounding me. I couldnt help thinking how far this case had taken me already. This was a long way from the Baxter farm in Moreau County. It had led me on a chase across the country after a killer with a stash of gold that didnt really belong to anybody. Tom Baxter liberated it from the enemy, but should have turned it over to the army, and thus to the government. But the government didnt have any real claim on it either. The way I saw it the gold belonged to the Baxter girls, and I wanted them to get it.
Id come out here to El Paso hoping to find something that would tell me my suspects name. Maybe I had done that. I knew Xavier was an important name in all this mess, but I didnt know who that name belonged to or where find him. I didnt know if my suspect was born with that name, or if he just stole it from another victim like he stole Joe Holman and Brian Masons names after he killed them. It only had another layer to my mystery.

When the two of us got back to our motel in El Paso we passed the front desk, and the clerk waved us down. He told us somebody stopped in asking to speak to Howard Greene. When we got the room, I let Howard make the arrangements.
There was a man here looking for you Mr. Greene, the clerk said.
Who exactly? Greene asked.
He didnt say, but he said it was important, she said. And he said he would return. I didnt know when you would come back and he didnt leave a number.
About the time she finished talking, the door behind us opened and three guys walked in the lobby. The girl behind the desk looked us, and then pointed toward them. We turned to look, and found ourselves facing three rough looking guys with guns. They didnt have the guns out, but there was no mistaking that they were armed.
Hes the one in the middle, the girl said.
Get into the back room, I said to her. And call the police.
No sooner did I say this, than the guy in the middle whipped out a shotgun. The other two had MAC 10s with suppressors. Howard got the guy on the far left before he got off even one round. Things happened fast, and by the time I turned around from giving my warning to the clerk, we were both diving for cover. It seemed like the room exploded. All of a sudden, I had 9 mm rounds all around me, and the sound of that shotgun blasting away. The guy Greene nailed went down, but he wasnt dead. He got the MAC 10 in one hand and started shooting our direction. We both rolled down the stairs and returned fire from the bottom edge of the floor below. The decorative stairway didnt give much cover, but it did give us a way out of the room. I motioned for Greene and we both made a dive for the stairway and rolled to the bottom. I expected them to follow us, and they did. We ducked around the outside of the building and waited for them.
The problem was we hadn't escaped anything. We were both pressed against the side of the building waiting for the three gunmen, when another car full of thugs showed up. I looked toward the street side of the parking lot and watched as a car pulled up and three guys with automatics got out and leveled down on us. I got one from that distance, before the other two took cover behind the car. One of them got Greene. He went down clutching his arm. I saw one of the three light a fuse and start running toward us with some sort of bag, a satchel charge, and hurl the thing at us with an aggressive underhand toss. A second later, the entire world seemed to explode, and everything went black. The guy did us a small favor. The force of the explosion blew in the glass doors and shredded the bad guys coming up behind us. They took out half their own team with that thing, and missed us in the process.
God only knows how much time passed, but a few minutes later, I found myself on the ground waiting for my hearing and vision to come back. Figures slowly emerged from the black, kind of like somebody turning up the lights real slow. Help arrived not long after the firefight started. The police arrived seconds after the bad guy with the bag full of dynamite almost got us all. The surviving bad guys beat a hasty retreat, leaving half a dozen of their own dead scattered around the motel and parking lot.
That satchel charge landed under the car right next to me and it took most of the blast. I was in pain, but not enough to need a hospital. The car that saved my life was a total loss, and unfortunately so was the dead guy inside. When I got to my feet, I leaned against the car looking at the corpse in the car. He probably never knew what hit him. The guy was shredded into almost as many pieces as the bad guys behind us inside the motel hallway. The car was parked right beside the door, so the satchel charge mostly blew up the car and the south entryway to the motel. The motel had these elaborate glassed-in doorways on the north and south sides. I looked down the hallway and saw the bad guys chopped into pieces with great big chunks of plate glass sticking out of them.
I went looking for Howard and found him not far away. He would live, but he was hurt. Howard would need a hospital. His arm was hanging limp on one side and he was incoherent. I sat down on the sidewalk to wait. I could hear sirens in the distance, and almost relaxed. When the first squad car pulled into sight, I put one hand out with my gold-plated Private Eye tin.
Before I could say two words to the cop pulling into the parking lot, another bad guy appeared out of nowhere. He came out from around the building shooting at us as he moved. The El Paso cop took him down with one shot. When he fell, I saw his gun fly one direction and a cellphone the other. I walked over to where I had seen the bad guy drop the cell phone and looked at it. The thing still had a text message on it. He had time to send a single message. Both targets eliminated, it said. I guessed the word targets referred to Greene and myself. He got it wrong on both counts. Greene would need a trip to the hospital, but he would definitely live. I didnt have a scratch on me. I just had some nasty ringing in my ears from all the noise. The surviving bad guys didnt even make it out of the motel parking lot. The El Paso cops called out for them to surrender, but got a hail of bullets in response. None of the bad guys survived.
The guy who sent them after us thought he killed us both. That might take the heat off us for a little while, but it also caused the entire case to go into a strange little tailspin. When I got back to Red Rock Point, the whole world had changed, and not for the better. 



Chapter 21


When I returned to Red Rock Point, I had a simple plan for taking down my suspect. I returned ready to secure the gold, and end this thing. I thought I had what I needed. Thanks to the botched hit in El Paso, my suspect though I was dead. I had the upper hand, and all I had to do was sweep down on the guy and end the case. It all seemed so easy at the time, but things didnt go that way. I got back at night and didnt have a good view of John Does house. I gave it a once over as I pulled into the driveway outside my rental. I noticed a detail that didnt seem right. I saw the back door standing open, but didnt give it much thought. He had a habit of leaving it unlocked, so I thought he just accidentally left it standing open that night. It made me wonder, but the open door didnt seem alarming. Lots of people fail to latch the door at night, and it doesnt mean the world came to an end. I went on with my routine, took a shower, and started to get ready for bed. Then I went to the bedroom window and looked outside. I not only found the door still standing open, but I also saw no movement. The man lived with five girls and had a constant flow of visitors. When he was home and awake, the movement never stopped. His house never shut down. I decided to go investigate.
I pushed the door open and went inside. At first, nothing looked wrong, but then I noticed all the lights were out and the place was completely silent. My suspect always had a little music on if he was awake. I called his name out several times and got no response. I heard no sound of any kind. The place was quiet as a tomb. I walked farther into the house and found him sitting in one of the lounge chairs. His head rested against the back of the chair and I could see only his chin, and none of his face. It looked like he decided to spend the day studying the ceiling, or maybe counting dots in the tiles. I called out to him several times as I approached the chair, but got no response. I moved toward him slowly. I felt tense as hell, and every nerve was on edge, and for good reason everything about this situation felt wrong.
When I got closer, I could see the man was dead. He had a piece of paper taped to his chest. When I got closer, I saw it was a 3 x 5 card. It had king for a day written on it. I didnt touch anything else around the body, but I walked around to get a closer look at him and found a hole drilled through the center of his forehead. I had no doubt it came from a .32 automatic. I stood next to the chair listening and looking around the room. No sounds came from any of the rooms.
Silence in this house seemed as out of place as a kitten in a room full of scorpions. It made no sense. This house always echoed with the sound of loud rock music and you could always find a party going on any time of day. Suddenly, for the first time since I started investigating Ken Baker, this house was silent. It made me tense. Peace and quiet around that place just didnt feel natural.
From the corner of my eye, I saw something move in one of the back rooms. I pulled out my .45 and swung around toward the movement. In the half-light, at the end of the hallway, I saw a leg. The placement of the leg made no sense. It was suspended in midair and naked. It swayed back and forth. The leg, shapely and female, moved in and out of view behind the doorframe. I moved toward it, and as I did, the rest of the body came into view. When I got to the doorway, I could see the others. I found the back bedroom crowded with dead girls all hanging from the ceiling. I found four of them in total, one right next to the other. The four were all but one of the girls my suspect kept around his house. I looked up into their faces and felt a great sense of relief when I didnt see Nancy among them. Right then I didnt know what happened to her, but I was relieved I didnt see her among the dead hanging from the ceiling.
The killer punched holes in the plasterwork and threw the rope up and around the rafters. All of them were naked and showed signs of abuse. From the look of them, he had hauled each one up from the ground and let them strangle rather than breaking their necks with a clean drop. I doubt he didnt know how do a proper hanging. He obviously wanted them to suffer as they died.
I saw five chairs sitting against the far wall opposite the bed, with short bits of rope scattered around. From the condition of the bed, I could guess the scenario. He had raped them, one at a time, and then strung them up from the ceiling. The ropes went through the plasterwork and around the rafters above, so the girls were partially covered with white dust that covered their hair and faces. They swayed ever so slightly now and then and sent a little more of the power drifting down over them. The powder over their faces made them appear ghostly and surreal.
I didnt know exactly what was going on, but I knew one thing. The person I tracked down so carefully to Red Rock Point was not my suspect. The man sitting dead in the other room was somebody else. I didnt have an answer yet, but I already knew one thing from the quick survey Id made of the house, my suspect had played me for a fool. Hed fooled me into thinking I had him cornered, but I was the one backed into a corner.
I searched the house for Nancy afraid at every turn Id find her dead. I didnt find her anywhere in the house, either dead or alive. Id only made a general sweep of the place and hadn't really searched the closets. I should have, because it might have prevented what came next.
When I got back into the main room, I found a lighted decorative oil lamp sitting on the coffee table. Somebody had been in here while I was searching through another room. There was another person in there with me. There had been no oil lamp in the room, lighted or otherwise, when I passed through the moment before.
I never saw who hit me, or knew what it was he nailed me with, but the next moment I saw a flash of lights across the inside of my eyelids and then stumbled against the table. The blow didnt quite knock me out, but just sort of dimmed the lights inside my head and made me fall. I must have knocked the lamp over when I went down, because when my head cleared I smelled smoke, and in a second, the room was covered in flame. I tried to stand up but collapsed back on the floor. I lay there waiting for what came next, unable to make myself move. I wanted to move, but couldnt. I lifted a hand, but let it fall back to the floor. Effort was impossible.
I looked up and saw the dim outline of a man standing over me. He had a pistol pointed down at me. I had no doubt it was the .32 automatic. So this was how my life would end? I tried to stand, but couldnt. It really seemed like I would become the next victim. A moment later, the closet door across from me opened just a tiny bit. I saw a female hand emerge from the door, and then slowly the rest of her emerged from the closet. She crawled out, feeling her way forward for a few feet. It was Nancy. She was alive. After she got out into the room, she stood up and turned toward the guy who had me in his sights. She had a bowling pin in one hand. Nancy must have found it stashed away back in the closet where she went to hide. I saw her rush toward the figure standing over me and bring the pin down hard on the mans head. He staggered to one side. Nancy rushed him again before he could get the pistol back on target. He raised it toward her. She knocked his arm away with the pin. He kept his grip on the gun, but she made him panic with that massive frontal assault of hers. He turned and made for the door, and went gagging and choking on smoke as he ran. The guy wasnt as fearless as he seemed. He let Nancy, armed with nothing more than an old bowling pin, run him out of the building like a frightened little kitty cat.
The smoke above us was thick and black, but we had a little space of visibility close to the floor. It wasnt much, but I could see her. I called out to her. I dont remember the rest. I just remember seeing her face over me a few times, and then a moment later feeling her tugging and pulling at my arms to drag me out of the house. The next thing I recall was being hauled by my ankles down the steps outside and into the open air. I dont remember much of how she did it, but Nancy managed to haul both of us out of the house. I dimly recall the paramedics and the fire department getting there, but not very clearly. I must have passed out again just as Nancy got me out of the house, because the only thing I recall after that was the face of a paramedic leaning over me inside the ambulance as we were racing to the hospital. I faded in and out for a few minutes, and then everything went black.

I woke up in the hospital, but had no idea how much later. At first, everything seemed like a daze or a fog. They were treating me for smoke inhalation, and I had a steady routine of fancy machines I was supposed to breathe in and out of to get my lungs working properly. I felt miserable, but I wouldnt die. I just felt like I would.
I asked the nurse about Nancy and she said she was in the room just down the hall. I started to get up, but then decided against it. I could wait a few days to start moving around. I got a visit from the Red Rock Point PD, and I was just sure they were going to tell me they had impounded the gold they found, but they didnt. What they told me was only they found five bodies in the house, Ken Baker and the four girls, but no sign of the perpetrator. They also found no gold or anything else of any particular value. I explained the case I was working on, but tried to be vague about the stolen property the Baxter girls hired me to recover. By now every cop working on this knew about Tom Baxters smuggling days, but they cared more about the murders. And by now, I cared less and less about the gold. Sure, I wanted to recover it and help the Baxter girls, but what mattered most to me by this point was shutting down a killer. Sure, I still wanted the gold if I could get it, but screw the goldsomebody had to stop this guy. That's what mattered.
The problem was now everything was in chaos. The man I pegged as my suspect turned out to be somebody else. I didnt know exactly what was going on, but I figured out the killer was playing games with me. He let me set up shop right across from this decoy of his, played with me for a few weeks, and then tried to shut me down. Right then I didnt know what his game was, and I mostly felt just plain defeated, not to mention a little dumb. I still wanted to win this onerecover the gold and catch the killerbut right then when I woke up in the hospital I felt like the bad guy had won this one. It took me a few days to recover my will and get going again. But those first few days I really thought Id blown it and let the bad guy win. I had a crack in my head, a lung full of soot, and no idea where to start looking.
The cops who came to talk to me and take my statement told me they had no name for the guy named Ken Baker back at the smugglers house. They knew the same thing I did, his name wasnt Ken Baker. It would take several days before I could get out of the hospital and go have a look around the burned out house. Until then I was stuck in the hospital.
I got a visit from Nancy. She wasnt in a good mood. The girl said she felt betrayed, because I wasnt Jake Martin. I told her I was a private eye looking for some stolen property, and looking into a few killings along the way too. The longer she talked to me, the more she forgave me for not being Jake Martin. Eventually, she relaxed enough I could ask her to tell me what happened the day of the killings.
Do I have to go through it all over again? she asked. I already told that story a thousand times. Im all cried out now from telling it. But maybe thats a good thing. I can tell it without breaking down. Why do all of you keep asking? It makes me numb, and I dont want to feel numb. My four best friends were raped and killed and telling this story all over again just makes me numb.
I understand, but I need to know what happened, I said. And I need to hear it from the person who was there and not just read it from a police report.
Ok. I understand, she said interrupting my explanation.
We were all sitting around the lounge when the front doorbell rang, Nancy said. Ken went to the door. The guy who came in acted like he knew Ken, but he kept calling him Larry. He said something like, well Larry I see youve been enjoying your time with my money. Ken looked worried and scared. But then this guy pulled out a gun. He took us one at a time into the back bedroom and tied us to chairs. When he got to me, he was in a hurry and he didnt get me tied. I felt the ropes fall off my hands behind the chair. But I was so scared I didnt move. He motioned Ken into the other room, and then a few minutes later I heard a shot.
He came into the bedroom and punched holes in the ceiling with a drill, then threw some ropes up and over the beams. He started raping us. He started with Kelli. He raped her, and then he pulled her up with the rope. He hoisted her up, but let her feet just barely touch the floor. It was awful. The pervert was masturbating the whole time she was choking and strangling to death. He wasnt strong enough to lift her up, so he had a little electric machine that did the work. He would turn it on and lift them up slowly until their toes just touched the floor. It was all so sick. Can I finish telling this story now? I really want to just forget it happened.
He did that over and over until he got to me. I got lucky. I had enough time while he had his back turned that I got the ropes on my feet loose. He thought I was tied up, so I kicked him really hard in the stomach and made a run down the hallway. He came after me, but he never saw where I went. I hid in the back of the big closet in the lounge. Theres a vent in the back, I got the grill off, climbed inside, and pulled the grill back over the hole. I could hear him going through the house looking for me. Eventually the place got very quiet. I thought maybe he had left, but I was afraid to leave the vent. So I waited. I fell asleep. I woke up when the noise started.
I guess he was looking for me. He kept shouting, I know youre still in here bitch. He wandered all through the house shouting and turning things over. Then the house got quiet again. It was hot back where I was because he turned off the air. I guess the heat made me fall asleep again. I dont remember anything until you arrived. I heard you shouting for Ken, and I woke up but I didnt move. Then the place went quiet again. A few minutes later, I smelled the smoke. When it got too thick for me to stay in the vent, I climbed out and opened the closet door. I saw him about to shoot you, so I knocked him good on the head with the bowling pin I found in the closet. And then I dragged you outside. That was when I still thought you were Jake Martin; if Id known you lied to me I might have left you there.
I didnt get a chance to respond to that because just then both my parents walked in the room. I hadn't known they were coming, but I ought to have expected it. I got the usual line from my old man about being more careful about the company I kept, and then I got the hard sell from my mom about getting into another line of work. This time she brought sales literature. It was actually funny, and I noticed Nancy giggled and looked amused all through moms little attempt to sell me on another line of work.
Now look Louis, I have a brochure for an Insurance program, you know Insurance sales isn't bad and you could earn a lot more money than you do now, and not have bad people trying to set you on fire either, my mom said as she handed me a brochure. A second later, she handed me one from an MBA program and another from a law school.
Did you know you dont need a business degree to get an MBA? my mom asked. Look I found a very good program that actually encourages people with other kinds of degrees to apply. Really, Louis why dont you get into another line of work? The last time we saw you in the hospital, you almost died. That was bad enough, but now youre chasing down some sort of pyromaniac serial killer. Why dont you let the police do these things and get into something safer?
I can't just leave this undone and leave the Baxter sisters high and dry. I like being able to help people in trouble. Im good at it.
I know, but a lot of other people can do work like this, so why dont you let them do it? Besides, someday soon you will be too old for this. Really, why dont you just let somebody else do it?
I dont want to do anything else, and besides I can't quit in the middle of a case, I said.
Nancy had a funny little grin on her face as she left and returned to her room down the hall. My parents spent the rest of the time talking about nothing. They tried to pretend this was a normal social visit. They both went home three days later, after they decided I wasnt going to die. I got out of the hospital a day later. When they released me, the first thing I did was go back to the beach house. I still had a few things in the bungalow. I hated to say it, or even think it, but the bad guy had beaten me. The whole time I thought I had him under surveillance; he was the one watching me. Clearing out my things from the rental just reinforced my sense of failure.
Before I left town, I dropped in to see the Red Rock Point police and ask them about Larry. The police chief called Jack to ask about me, and decided to trust me with a little information. He told me he didnt know any more than I did, but suggested I swing by the local medical examiners office and have a chat with him. When I stopped by the medical examiners office, I thought hed just tell me the bodies had burned up in the fire. They hadn't. The bodies hadn't been released to the next of kin yet. All of them were still there on slabs at the morgue awaiting further examination.
Actually, none of them burned up, he said walking over to the four of them. The doctor pulled back the sheet from their faces for me to see. I recognized all of them. Even in death, all four girls had a sweet beauty. I felt sorry for them.
The fire department got the fire under control not long after your friend dragged you from the house, the medical examiner said. I dont know much about the fire itself, but they tell me it was mostly the street side that burned.
I remember now, I said. I remember seeing flames on that side of the house, and we escaped out toward the beach. And the bodies were all on the beach side too. Its small consolation, but at least the girls families can have open-casket funerals. I dont suppose you have an identity on the male.
Not yet, but were working on that, he said. His name may have been Larry, but we dont know. So far, nobody has come forward to claim his body. But, I do have names for the four girls; Penny Jackson, Kelli Graham, Tami McKinley, and Heather Brown.
What can you tell me about the male? I asked.
After I asked the question, he moved over to the body on the table and pulled back the sheet. The cause of death was pretty easy to determine. He had a hole drilled right in his forehead from a single gunshot.
The police believe his first name is Larry, but they havent otherwise identified him. The deceased is a 35 to 45 year old white male of average height and build with no particular identifying marks. You can see the cause of death for yourself. He was shot with a .32 caliber pistol at close range. You can see the powder burns around the entrance wound. He also has obvious signs of having had plastic surgery. It isn't just the usual stuff to make a person look younger either. He was trying to completely change the structure of his face. The work was very well done, and probably cost a fortune.
I thanked the man for his time, and went on my way. What I wanted was a name, or something that might let me link him back to the suspect. I got nothing. What I had was exactly what I had before. A John Doe and a link to a mysterious person named Xavier. The case had come to a standstill, and it looked like the bad guy had won. I hated it, but for the moment, I couldnt do anything about it. I left Red Rock Point feeling defeated, but also sure it was temporary. I only needed to regroup and start over again.



Chapter 22


Not long after I returned to Moreau County, I went out to the Baxter farm. The scene I found there just depressed me. The Baxter sisters were packing to move out, and I found an auction sign standing out beside the roadway. The bank was foreclosing, and gave them only a few days to move. I really wanted to recover the gold and bring it back, but so far the bad guy and the gold slipped through my fingers every time. More than that, the bastard outsmarted me. When I got there, I apologized for not recovering anything.
Its ok, its not your fault really, Cindy Baxter said. Besides the more important thing is you rescued Amber and Nancy, plus you found Eva Prince. This thing just keeps getting more and more bizarre. Being rich would be nice, but not if other people die for it. I dont want to lose this place, but I wouldnt kill to keep it either. That would make me just as bad as him.
Its too bad though, I said. This farm really is spectacular.
Were going to miss it a lot, Stephanie said. So will Amber, she almost loves this place more than we do. But we grew up here, so its all familiar to us. She really loves the spot down by the river. In fact, if you want to talk to her, I think shes out there now.
The fact was I did want to talk to Amber. Part of my visit to the Baxter place was to report on my efforts on their case, but I also kept hoping somehow in the process Id find some little detail I missed. I hoped Id find something that might lead me to my suspect and Baxters gold. I pressed everyone for more details, but it produced nothing I didnt already know. I followed the directions the Baxter girls gave me and went out looking for Amber.
I found Amber sitting on a bench right beside the Moreau River. The river ran along the southern edge of the Baxter property. The day I went to go talk to Amber, it was sunny and bright. The place was magical. The Baxters had a bench near the waters edge so they could sit beside the river in the evenings. I found Amber feeding the ducks gathered around her. On the far side, I could see a group of boaters floating along the river. Not far behind them, I saw a group of kids on inner tubes drifting down with the current. Amber waved to the folks passing by, and then turned to talk to me.
Isn't this place nice? she said. I love it here. I come out here a lot and just sit.
It is nice, I said. I wish I could help the Baxters keep this place.
Me too, she said.
I thought I had the suspect, I said. But it wasnt him. I think he paid for somebody else to get surgery to look like him just to draw me and the cops off.
What kind of sense does that make? she asked. What if theyd arrested him? Theyd figure it out then wouldnt they?
I dont know, I said. I really dont understand this guys game. And he clearly likes playing games with other peoples lives.
I hate him, she said.
So do I, I said. And I hate what he did to all the people hes left behind. I just wish I had an idea where to go looking. You and the Baxter girls were the closest to him. Did he ever say anything or do anything that might tell us where he lived or where he came from?
No. He wouldnt answer questions like that. And I dont remember my time with him very clearly. I can't think of anything. But, I dont know if this matters, but he had an odd habit. He used to play with this penny he kept in his pocket. It had a design on it. It had a picture and some words stamped over Lincolns face. He did tricks with it. He would flip it way up in the air and catch it on his elbow, or pass it over his knuckles. I dont suppose that matters at all though.
Thats hard to do with small coin like a penny, I said. But Ive seen magicians do that with quarters and half dollars. What kind of image did it have, and what did it say?
I dont remember, she said. The tricks he did with it were more like a nervous habit. He took it out and played with it like other people drum their fingers or something like that. It was like a tic or something. And I remember he kept losing it and then hed order more. They came in batches. The last time he bought one it was right before he took Eva and me on the road in the RV. When he opened the package he said, at this rate I will make the bird a millionaire.
The bird? What bird? I asked.
I dont know. Amber said.
The two of us passed a few more minutes beside the river talking about nothing, and then I went back to the Baxter house. I stopped in again to ask the Baxter girls about the coin. They said they didnt remember what it had stamped on it either, but said it was an image of a bird. I thanked them and then went on my way. I didnt know if that little detail mattered or not, but it was the only new information Id had in a long time.

Before I went back to the office, I stopped in to see my old man. My dad is a retired college prof and a former cop. Most people dont know he used to be a cop. He was an MP during the Vietnam era, and served 10 years with the Stevensburg Police Department in the late 1970s. He went to college, and eventually ended up an English professor at Stevensburg State University. He retired not long ago and now spends most of his time playing chess. I went by the house to see him, play a game of chess, and bounce some ideas off him. Mostly I wanted to see what he thought of the Baxter case and help me figure out why I had failed to solve it. I gave him a brief outline of events up to that point. He took it all in and looked thoughtful for a moment, then started talking.
So you really thought you had your man, and the gold? he asked. But then the real suspect showed up, killed the decoy, and took off with the loot.
Thats about the size of it, I said. A lot of things puzzle me, but one thing I dont get is why he left the gold under the decoy suspects control. I dont know if he left all of it with him, but he had access to it.
Well, maybe it was just to lend greater realism to the act, but I suspect he probably had a backup plan to lure you into a trap with the gold.
Sure, but he thought I was already dead in the shootout in El Paso, I said. One of his hired goons sent a text message saying both targets eliminated, so he decided he didnt need his decoy in Red Rock.
If he left the gold under another persons control, that means he thought he could completely trust him, or he had total control over him. Or its not his only source of wealth.
You left out a possibility. Maybe the guy is just dumb.
I doubt that, my dad said. He must have at least average intelligence to run the kind of scam he pulled on you. Fooling an experienced investigator isn't an easy thing to do.
Maybe. But what kind of game is he playing? I asked. Why did he go to all that trouble? He paid for this guys plastic surgery, set him up in a house and apparently all of it just to lure me in so he could take me down. But then he didnt. He just sat there waiting.
Kind of like you were doing. You thought you had your man, and knew where the loot was, but you didnt make a move on him.
I was just being careful, and its a good thing I did too. I would have walked right into a trap.
I think the key here may well be that this suspect of yours is a gamester, he said looking thoughtful. He kept Amber alive as a kind of game, he lured his victims into the desert around El Paso as a kind of game, and he toyed with the Baxter girls like it was a game too. Games are part of his pleasure in killing. Instead of killing them outright, he uses them like toys. The man clearly enjoys playing with his victims. He arranged this elaborate trap for you in Red Rock Point just for the sake of doing so. If he just wanted to kill you, he could do that with a drive by shooting in traffic. Even when he got the drop on you, he waited until you regained consciousness to so much as point the pistol at you. He wanted you to see it coming before he killed you. Whatever the purpose of his little game, it wasnt just to set you up for a kill. He could have done that some other way. The man is a gamester of some kind. And you have a serious problem; you arent much of a game player.
Why do you say that?
Because, I will have you checkmated in five moves, my dad said.
What? Look at the board, I said incredulous and confused.
I feel generous today, so I will offer you a draw, he said.
Draw? Look at the board, I repeated. Youve got three pieces left, and I havent lost more than a few pawns and a single knight. Im smearing you here.
Indeed, look at the board, my dad said leaning back in his chair. Look more closely and you will observe that I will have you checkmated in five moves.
I looked more closely and he was right. I tried a few experimental moves with some of my pieces but nothing would block him. He had me beaten, and the entire time I thought I was ahead.
Its a lot like the case youre working on, he said. You thought you had me, but you didnt.
Thats not funny.
It wasnt supposed to be, he said. You made a fundamental mistake. You let yourself believe you were winning because you eliminated my material from the board, but you forgot the goal of chess is not to capture all of the opponents pieces. The goal is to maneuver your opponent into checkmate. Its an error of thinking, and your suspect took advantage of it in much the same way I did.
Whats your point?
This suspect of yours is a game player, and you have to learn what his game is, how to play it, and beat him at it. You have to figure out what rules he plays by, and figure out the goal of his little game. If you dont, you will end up losing. The hour is late, and he had almost finished his game, but you may still have a chance to beat him.
The lesson from the chess game was rolling around in my head for a long time, and I kept thinking about it while I kicked around Stevensburg. I wasnt quite ready to go back to hunting for my suspect. I needed to do more planning, and like my dad said, I needed to figure out my suspects game.

The next day, when I went by the Stevensburg Police Department, I mostly just wanted to stop in and talk to Jack. It was more of a social visit in some ways, and I needed to thank him for helping me with this case. When I got there, I found him squinting into the computer screen cussing the thing out. Jack doesnt do well with technology.
I hate this blasted thing, he yelled. It just ate this months personnel report.
I was afraid for a moment I picked a bad time. Jacks usually in a good mood, but computers tend to get to him. The guys no older than I am, but somehow technology and Jack just dont like each other. I used to think only the older crowd had problems with computers, but Jack proves otherwise. While I had his attention, I decided to check on the penny angle. The odds were against it, but I thought maybe the cops might have found one of those stamped pennies at the crime scene.
Did any of your guys find a fancy penny out at the crime scene when they dug Joe Holman dug out of the ground?
Fancy penny? No why? Besides the Sheriffs Department has that case. They took it over from Greene after he got himself blown up in El Paso, he said.
I know but they brought Holman and McKays bodies here didnt they, I said. Did they find any kind of penny with a design on it in either victims pocket?
You mean besides Lincolns face? If you want to know that, youll have to go look in the big evidence room across the street.
I went across the street and found Ben Allen. Hes the county medical examiner, and personally handles all the homicide cases that come through. He motioned for me to go with him back to the room. He pulled out two boxes.
We will hold onto this until the County decides to go to trial, Dr. Allen said. I understand, however, they no longer have an active suspect. You can look through them all you want. Box 2233 has the contents of Joe Holmans pockets and his clothing, and box 2234 has David McKays possessions.
The doctor waited with me while I looked through them. I fished out a single plastic bag full of coins and looked through them. I picked up one of the pennies. I hit pay dirt. One of the coins in Joe Holmans pockets had the design Amber and the Baxter girls described to me. Superimposed over Lincolns face was the image of an owl and T.R.E.M.A.P underneath. I took a photo of it and sent a copy to Jack. I had all I needed to catch the killer.



Chapter 23


The killer had only days before he planned to disappear. He had everything ready to go and pressed on with his original plan as if nothing had happened. So far, the man felt no panic. True his attempts to eliminate Led Sinclair had all failed, but he still didnt feel fear or panic. The killer simply pressed ahead with his plan to abandon his old life for the new one he had carefully prepared. He sold everything he owned under the old identity, and prepared to walk away from it. Walking away from the old life, even with the detectives on his tail, didnt bother him. He felt that he had them contained and controlled.
The new life he planned to step into would look nothing like the one he left behind. None of his old friends or lovers would know what happened to him. One day he would simply disappear without a trace. The killer planned to have one last celebration, a feast of sorts, and then vanish.
So far, he had taken care of most of the loose ends. He erased one of the most dangerous loose ends when he killed Larry Turner. That was not, however, the most dangerous loose end left of his old life. Although they werent really married, his wife was another loose end. She knew almost everything about his current lifethe one he wanted to abandon. His wife helped him lure girls in so many times he didnt know if he wanted to get rid of her. The woman was a powerful tool. The woman served him in much the same way Eva Prince had served him. She knew what he did to the girls, and even watched. She didnt enjoy watching them die like he did, death didnt arouse her, but she enjoyed the power. Her love for power made her useful. The issue of disposing of his wife wasnt the only problem. He also had to deal with the issue of Nancy Reed.
Nancy wasnt an especially dangerous loose end. Nancy bothered him for other reasons. When she came at him with the bowling pin, he panicked and ran from the building, despite having a pistol in his hand at the time. The idiocy of his action only registered after he fled the house and recovered his senses. It was embarrassing, and he couldnt allow her to go unpunished. Besides, the girl might know enough to connect him to Larry and lead the detectives to him. The killer simply could not let her survive.
He would use his wife to help lure Nancy back to him. He planned to kill his so-called wife, but admitted he would miss her. The wife liked picking a girl from among the crowd at a bar, knowing she would get the sweet young thing killed. They both enjoyed their tag-team game of serial killing. But now he needed to cut all ties to the old identity. The identity that served him beautifully for so long was about to draw the attention of every cop in the country. Or so it seemed to him. The killer hated to lose this particular identity. Using this name and identity, he had become a respected member of society. The folks around him accepted him as one of them, and thought he was just like them.
But things had changed. The identity was becoming a liability. He needed to move to another place and assume yet another identity so he could hide. The next identity, already prepared and ready to go, would be his final identity. He only had to survive long enough to make the transition. The killer needed this final move to succeed, or the detectives would close in and destroy him. He needed to eliminate every traceeven when it hurt.
And it would hurt to get rid of his wife, but he knew he had to do it. When he let Cindy Baxter and her sister live, he had shown great weakness. He recognized his mistake immediately, and tried to solve it with a string of hitmen but to no avail. He would never repeat that mistake again. Allowing the Baxter girls to survive almost caused the entire game to come unglued. The detectives closed in on all sides, tracked him down, and almost found him. The killer diverted them from his current life with a simple diversion. He placed a decoy out for the detectives to find. It almost worked. He wanted to kill the two most dangerous detectives on his trail, but failed. So far, the killer had not panicked when he discovered Led and Howard survived the attack in El Paso. He even remained calm when Led survived the last attack in Red Rock Point. The killer had the game under control. He knew he would still win, but to do so he could not show weakness again and he certainly couldnt go running away from any more girls with bowling pins.
The new life he planned to step into, was supposed to be the last one. It had to be. He loved the games he played, but he was getting old now. The killer was almost 60 and the constant game playing with victims and the police had taken a toll on him. For one thing, he often had trouble remembering his own name. The names blurred and mixed together in his head. The killer often had to stop for a moment and recall what city he was in, or whom he was speaking with, before he gave his name. The number of aliases and false identities had all started to tax and strain his mind.
It takes a lot of energy to tell a lie. A person must remember what lie he told to what person and when. It takes a lot of energy to keep all the lies straight. The man had told so many lies he often got them confused. He regretted that he had to shut down his life here in this particular city, but the energy of keeping the lie going only drained him. He wanted to go away to another place and start over with a new set of lies and a new field for hunting. For now, however he had a delicately balanced life based on a swirl of lies. The pleasure was worth it, but the effort had become too much.
After he shut down his current life, he would disappear with the money he raised from selling his businesses, the money he stole from Amber, and the gold he took from the Baxter farm. He had a fortune now, and would live out his last decades in ease and comfort under yet another name. He sat in his easy chair watching his wife from across the room. He regretted that he would have to kill her before he could step into his new life, but he needed her one last time. He would kill her, but only after he finished his last visit to Red Rock Point.
And so without explaining himself, he ordered his wife to start packing. While she went into the other room to pack their suitcases for the trip, he called the airline and booked a flight for the three of them. This time he used his real name. It didnt matter anymore because the game had almost ended and he would win. In a few days, he could walk away.



Chapter 24


The penny gave me what I needed. And it ultimately pointed back to The Fallen Owl. The bird image stamped over Lincolns face was an owl and the TREMAP slogan stamped was an acronym for the clubs motto, They received each man a penny. It came from the bible verse over the clubs front door. The motto was a reference to the idea that all share equally in the kingdom of god. What a sick person like my suspect saw in the kingdom of god, I dont know. But guys like that join churches just for the cover it provides. Going to church regularly makes them look almost normal and respectable, they go just for the camouflage if provides.
Everything about Ronnie Hunt seemed phony from the moment I met him. At the time, I just had him pegged as a guy putting on airs and pretending to have more money than he really had. Even back in the day, he only came off as a little lax and loose about discipline. He didnt seem like a killer, but all of a sudden, everything pointed back toward him.
Three of us flew out to Denver to be there when they arrested Ronnie Hunt. Jack Mason, Howard Greene and I, caught the first flight out of Stevensburg. All of us felt absolutely certain Ronnie Hunt was our guy. When the three of us got to the airport, Jack commented on the new relationship between Howard and myself.
So, the two of you finally made peace? Jack asked.
More or less, I said. Hes actually a pretty good cop. He figured out a few things on this case I missed. I wouldnt have found the bodies or the storage locker in El Paso without him.
Ok, Jack said. Its great the two of you arent always trying to throw each other in jail anymore. I like it. The two of you both decided to grow up and become real adults.
We both looked offended, but Jack didnt offer an explanation, instead he just walked away from the two of us and went to the airport lounge to order a coffee. Howard and I just looked at each other. We didnt say anything. He probably felt the same way I did. I wasnt being immature at all, it was the other guy. Sure, hes the immature one, not me. Wisely, I decided not to say anything. Peace had been made, and I wanted to keep it that way. So I decided not to repeat my mistake with that one-bullet Barney remark, and just kept my opinion to myself.
The flight to Denver wasnt long, it just felt that way. All of us felt anxious to get there and see the law take this guy down. If we couldnt throw the cuffs on him personally, then the three of us wanted to see the man arrested in person. I spent most of the flight wondering how I would find the gold stash and keep hold of it before the cops found it. I didnt have a clue. I tried to remind myself catching the killer mattered more than the money, but I still didnt like it. Right then, as I was flying toward Denver, it looked like Uncle Sam would end up getting the money. I tried to just accept it, but I hated it. I really did.
The Denver PD tracked Hunt to the clubhouse, so we pulled up outside The Fallen Owl and waited. The three of us followed behind the cops as they went through the door. When I got there, the security chief recognized me. It caused a brief delay. When he saw me, for god only knows what reason he decided the cops swarming into the room werent really cops. The dimrod insisted on reading the warrant and tried to block the uniformed officers. They pushed him aside, but the delay gave our suspect a heads up we were coming.
The cops had the building secured, no entry or exit unless they knew about it. They swept through the building, but found no sign of Hunt. Then they searched the bathrooms. I was standing next to one of their patrolmen, when a message came over the radio on his hip.
Youd better send the captain up here, the voice said.
We followed the police captain up the stairs to the second floor bathroom. When I got there, I was right back to square one again. We found Ronnie Hunt dead in one of the stalls. We found him sitting on the john, pants down around his ankles, taking a dump, except he was dead. Ronnie Hunt had a hole drilled right through his head from a .32 auto pistol. He had a card taped to his chest.
Close but not quite, it said.
They interviewed everybody in the building at the time of the shooting, but nobody saw a thing and nobody heard the shot. We had no suspects and no clues. When I left the building, I had to push my way through a pack of reporters gathered at the curb. A couple of people walking right behind me turned and dashed back inside the building. I didnt blame them. The reporters sprang on us like attack dogs. I didnt know they were there until they practically surrounded me, and cut off my retreat back into the building. They shouted questions at me, but I just said no comment over and over until I reached the line of police cars parked along the street. Once I got behind the police line, the reporters couldnt follow me. My eyes hurt from the flashbulbs and I spent a few seconds rubbing at my eyes after I got to the police car that brought us there. I felt defeated all over again. There wasnt much to do except return to the motel, drink myself numb at the bar downstairs and then fall asleep.
During my sleep I had another variation on the same dream I been having since this case started. I dreamed I was wandering through and underground labyrinth of some kind. I followed along the same line of shuffling dead. I saw Joe Holman, Brian Mason, David McKay, Eva Prince, the four girls from Red Rock Point, and then Ronnie Hunt bringing up the rear. Right behind the first group, I saw an endless line of dead men and women stretching on for miles in some infinite underground tunnel. When I turned to look at the hooded figure leading them, he turned to look at me. I couldnt see his face, but I could hear his laughter. Mocking, evil laughter filled the cavern and he threw his head back as if he couldnt stop laughing. I didnt wake up screaming; instead, I just woke up feeling depressed. It didnt make for a great way to start my day.
When I woke up, I checked the time and decided to just stay up and get ready for my flight. As I waited to get on the flight back to Stevensburg, I picked up a copy of the Denver Post and admired my own photo. They had a big photo of me and a bunch of Denver PD leaving the clubhouse. Alleged suspect found shot dead, the headline read. After I read the article, I folded it and put it in my carry-on bag.

When I got back to Stevensburg, I had another meeting with the Baxter girls. I let themCindy, Stephanie, and Ambermove into The Castle for a few days. The bank had already forced them out, even though the auction wouldnt happen for another week. Unless a miracle occurred in the next few days, the move would be permanent.
We were talking about the case, and mostly about how frustrated we all felt. I had not only failed to get the gold back, I hadn't caught the killer either. That bastard would keep right on killing, and he had millions of dollars in gold, plus what he had left of Ambers inheritance to help him do it. Right then I felt like hitting the bar up the road at Phils place and getting plastered for the next week.
We were all in the living room upstairs in the residence at the time. The office was already closed. I hadn't unpacked yet, so I started emptying my carry-on bag of a few things. I threw the Denver Post newspaper with my photo on the front page out on the coffee table. Cindy picked it up and started reading the article. A second later, she let out an ear-splitting scream.
What was that for? I asked.
Thats him, she said pointing to the paper. See the guy in the background over your shoulder? Thats him.
I took the paper from her and took a look at the photo. Right over my left shoulder, almost hidden behind the doorway to the club was Evan Melton. He was among of the clusters of people who made a dash for the door when the reporters surrounded us.
Youre sure?
Absolutely sure, Cindy said. Thats the guy who said he was Joe Holman. Id bet my life on it.
I smiled. All of us smiled. Because all of a sudden, a little ray of hope started to burst though. Maybe we had a chance. It was late in the game, and the bad guy had the advantage, but maybe I could win this one.



Chapter 25


Nancy Reed almost went straight after her brush with death, and almost swore off her party-girl lifestyle. But she didnt. One close encounter with death failed to move her. It wasnt entirely her fault. The girl had friends, and even though they meant well, they didnt help her change. One in particulara girl named Heidi Brownespecially wanted to help. Heidi called after she read about the murders in the One Tree newspaper. She said she wanted to come down to visit, and suggested they go out for a night on the town. Nancy hadn't gone out, or enjoyed life much, since the killings at the Ken Baker house. The suggestion of a girls night out came as a welcome idea. So one night, not long after the killings and not long after Led Sinclair returned to Moreau County, Nancy and her friend went out together. It was supposed to be fun, maybe even therapeutic. Instead, it became a night of terror.

When her friend arrived, the two of them went to one of the very few nightclubs Red Rock Point had to offer. The sleepy little town pressed up against the Pacific Ocean had exactly three of them. The Open Box, and two other places Nancy didnt like very much. Nancy had just turned 20, and the other two nightclubs catered to a much older crowd. Going to The Open Box made Nancy a little uneasy. This was the favorite hangout for her four friends and the man they thought was Ken Baker. Her friends presence calmed her, so the feelings of unease went away after a few minutes.
The problem was Nancy and her friend were not the only people looking for a special night at The Open Box. The killer and his wife, also considered this a special night out on the town. They went out to play a game they had played before. The killer would select a girl, and send Alice in to help him bring the girl into his trap. Alice was a lot like Eva Prince. She made his victims feel safe.
The killer didnt usually tell Alice much. She had no idea the girl he pointed out to her was anything special. She knew nothing about the game her husband was playing. And of course she had no idea that once she helped him capture Nancy she too would die. Alice was no killer. She had never taken a single life. She helped, and enjoyed what she did, but she had never killed anyone. She watched Nancy from across the darkened nightclub after her husband pointed her out to him. Alice liked knowing that in a few hours or days the girl would die. She played that game more times than she could count. The woman left her husbands side and started toward Nancy. She eyed the girl with a feeling of superiority. Alice always did that when she moved in on a target for her husband. She knew him by the name everyone else didEvan Melton. Alice knew it wasnt his real name. He told her that when they first met, but it never bothered her. She never really cared and never asked about his real name. The name didnt matter to her. What moved her was the power he gave her. The killer gave her the power to destroy. True he did all the killing, but she loved the power anyway. Most of the time he told her which girl to bring him, and sometimes he simply told her what type to go catch for him. Alice liked the power, and enjoyed their little game most when the killer let her pick the victim on her own. The woman almost had a conscience. She excused the death she left in her trail by placing the blame at her husbands feet. It let her enjoy the killings, revel in the power it gave her, and still sleep at night. Alice persuaded herself the girls would all have died anyway. It was a lie of course, but it was a lie that let her keep playing the game and never feel guilty. When she helped him kill Nancy, she would feel no guilt at all. She would only feel power.
She moved toward the girl at the bar after her husband pointed to her. Nancy looked like his usual type, she knew his preference. They all looked like herpetite, blonde, and blue-eyed girls. He liked them small and easy to handle. The pounding music and flashing lights coming from the dance floor stopped for a few moments and the couples out on the floor suddenly rushed back toward the tables and the bar. Alice moved quickly, pressed herself between the people crowding the bar, and took a seat next to Nancy. In a few moments, she struck up a conversation. It seemed so innocent, but it always seemed that way at first. The girls never suspected what she intended to do with them.
From across the bar, the killer watched. He wore dark shades and kept well away where he could watch them, but run no risk Nancy would see him. So far, she was one of the few girls who had ever seen him and survived. He planned to fix that tonight, but first he had to get her under his control.
The game almost always happened the same way. Alice moved in on the girl, made some small talk, gained the girls trust, and then brought her back to the killer. This time she had an advantage. The killer already knew how easy it was go get this girls cooperation with the mere promise of a few favors. Alice came equipped with the only tool she needed to gain control of Nancya few ounces of the white powder she carried in her purse. Despite her close brush with death, Nancy hadn't changed at all.
Only a few minutes after she introduced herself, the two of them were passing a mirror back and forth in the ladies room of The Open Box. Alice loved this game. It was always so easy with the party girls. Alice mentioned she was going to a house party right after she left the nightclub. When she suggested Nancy join her, the girl was eager to go and asked if they could leave right them. Alice smiled to herself, knowing she had caught the girl. Nancy returned to the main room in the nightclub and told Heidi she would catch up with her back at her apartment. The friend gave her a goodbye hug, and the two parted. Nancy gave Heidi a key to her apartment, and told her she would return in the morning. Heidi took the key and went on about her evening. She thought it was strange, but given her friends lifestyle, not too strange. Heidi watched her friend leave with the slightly older woman, and she noticed the strange-looking man trailing along right behind them. She worried for a second maybe something was wrong, but the party atmosphere and the alcohol quickly distracted her from her concerns. She went to the bar, and let a young man there pick her up. The two of them went back to Nancys apartment together. On this night, when Nancys life was again in danger, her friend never gave her another thought. Heidi took the boy she met that night home with her, and awoke next to him and only thought of Nancy when she realized Nancy never came home. Only when she awakened and heard the details on the morning news programs would she understand. And then all she could do was absorb the lurid details of what happened to her friend with wide-eyed amazement. For the moment, however, Heidi felt too absorbed in having a good time to notice anything wrong.
From his observation spot at a table across the room, the killer watched Alice and Nancy leave the club. He followed them out to the parking lot. Nancy knew what he looked like, so the man kept himself hidden and followed at a distance. The two got into Alices car, as the killer calmly walked to his car. He didnt need to follow them. The killer already knew where they would go. He would catch up with them at the party he arranged to serve as bait for his trap.
Not everything about the nights entertainment was fake. The killer really did have a party going on at the beach house that night. It was a going away party, and the man they all knew as Evan Melton invited a few of his friends to the event. None of them knew he planned to disappear the next day, and intended for this to be the last time anybody would see or hear of him under the name Evan Melton. The killer was ending that particular life and starting a new one. There remained only the final detail of killing Nancy and taking care of his wife. None of the people at the party had even the slightest hint what sort of person he really was, or what sort of secrets lay buried in his basement. None of them would ever suspect that in only a few minutes a murder would happen just a few feet from them in the basement of Evan Meltons beach home. To them it was only another party on the coast he had invited them all to attend, and they would only understand what was really happening when they turned on their televisions in the morning.
Nancy had only minutes to enjoy the party. Alice spiked her drink the minute they reached the house. She only had to wait for it to take effect. The drug would take almost exactly 15 minutes to work. The killer decided to use the 15 minutes to take care of his wife first. He would take them one at a time. While Alice waited for the drug to start working, her husband summoned her to him. He took her downstairs to the cellar. Alice didnt know it, but she would die first. In all the years they played this game, she never really thought he would turn on her. She never thought her time would come. She went down into the basement with the killer and never returned.
Nancy watched her go, but thought nothing of it. She turned and mingled with the other partiers. A few moments later, Nancy began to feel dizzy and tired. When she started to sit down a man suddenly appeared at her side. The man took her by the arm and guided her to a chair. He wore dark shades, and she could not see his face clearly, but he seemed familiar. When he asked her if she felt ok, Nancy thought she recognized his voice. A flash of recognition spread itself across her mind, and suddenly she felt very afraid. She tried to stand up and run, but her legs wouldnt cooperate. They went rubbery and collapsed under her. A second later, she felt somebody pick her up and carry her down into the basement, and the world went black.



Chapter 26


For the first time since this case started, I had the advantage over this guy. I didnt know how long it would last, and I knew I had to move fast or he would slip away again. I ran the name Evan Melton through all the databases I could find. I came up with a real estate listing in Red Rock Point, and an airline ticket recently purchased going to the same location.
That real estate listing gave me everything I needed. The man had a vacation cabin right up the road from the Ken Baker house. The whole time I staked out his house from my rented bungalow, the real suspect was watching me from his own house along the beach.
My old man had one thing right about this guy. He liked to play games. The guy could have come down and taken a shot at me himself, but instead he just watched and played this game of maneuver with me. Instead of taking me down with a sniper rifle from his back porch, he used hitmen. Just like the chess game with my old man, the entire time I thought I was getting closer to the suspect and the gold stash, in reality he was reeling me in and setting me up for a kill. It almost worked. The little game he was playing with me almost put me right in his sights. He almost had me. But he messed up and took the hitmans word for it when he said got us both. He almost had me again when the house went up in flames, but he botched that too. With the house burning down all around him, and Nancy attacking him with a bowling pin, he panicked and ran away. He played a good game, but I intended to beat him at it.
Not only that, but this time I brought friends. I just took it for granted the guy probably had Baxters gold protected in some kind of vault. So, to help me with the safe I knew I would find, I brought a technical expert with me. I called up a guy I know named Sam Cooke. Not too many years ago, Sam worked as one of the best safe cracking experts in the United States, maybe the world. He could size up a job, and tell you in minutes if it needed good old safe cracking skills, or just an explosives expert. The advantage was he could provide both. The man was an army demolitions expert during the Vietnam War, and he could pop the hinges and lock off a safe with just the slightest touch of explosives. He could split the safe open, but leave everything else intact. I know, because I sent him to jail for his last job. He and some friends tried to steal a few goodies from the Anderson Estates main safe. It almost worked, except for the fact one of his crew sold them all out to the police in return for leniency after his arrest on drug charges.
Then after 15 years in the big house, Sam returned to civilian life vowing to stay straight and work in construction. And he had more or less stayed on the straight and narrow since then, but I knew I could recruit him for a project if needed. And I was sure Id need him for this job. So I brought Sam with me. At age 64, he was getting a little old, but he still knew his stuff.
As plans go, it wasnt much. Sam Cooke and I would get inside the suspects house, liberate the gold from its hiding place and Howard Greene would keep watch outside. Simple right? What we were doing was definitely in a legal gray zone, and Howard Greene was still a sworn officer of the law. I didnt want to risk getting him fired, so I kept his involvement limited. All he had to do was watch the house and the suspect for us while we were inside. Once I had the gold secured, then Howard would alert the local police department, and theyd all come through and make the arrests. Howard would get credit for arresting the suspect, and I would return the gold to the Baxter sisters. I really didnt care who got credit for the arrest, all I wanted was to make sure the right person ended up with Baxters gold. It all sounded so simple and easy. But things didnt go like I planned, at least not at first.

I would have liked it a lot better if we found him all alone at home when we went to secure the gold and turn the killer over to the police, but that didnt happen. When we arrived at the house, we found a party in full swing. We stopped the rented pickup truck at the park down the street and made a surveillance of the house.
We stopped where we could watch, and it looked a lot like the typical good time that went on down at the Ken Baker house. Evan Melton was out front mingling with the guests around the barbeque pit and handing out bottles of beer to everyone. I surveyed the crowd, and noticed Nancy among the guests. I had hoped she would have cleared out of town, but she stayed. I didnt know right then exactly how he lured her to the party, but somehow he did it.
The noise and music coming from the party going on outside on the beach side of the house made for a great distraction. Sam and I got inside the house easily. We just slipped in through the front gate like we belonged there. He didnt have anybody out front keeping watch on who came and went, so that was an easy one. I scanned the crowed for Nancy, but didnt see her. Right then I didnt know how Id do it, but I had no intention of leaving without her. At the time, I didnt see anything odd about us slipping in so easily like that. The guy didnt know I had his real name, or what I thought was his real name, once again, things werent, as they seemed. Evan Melton turned out to be yet another alias, and once again, nothing was really that easy. Things were about to get real hard, real fast.
Once inside, we searched for the vault. We could hear the noise and music from the party going on outside. The size of the vault made it easy for us to find it. Sam took the lead with some sort of hand-held electronic device he brought just for this job. He waved it in front of him as he worked his way through the house. He moved down one hallway, but then stopped and motioned us down another one. He kept his eyes glued to the screen and walked slowly. He guided us to one of the back bedrooms and then stopped. Sam paced around the floor a few times, and then grabbed a chair from against the wall. When he finished moving the furniture, he poked around the wall with his foot, found some sort of latch, and opened it. A large section of the floor swung up on a hinge and revealed the vault door below. Sam was impressed. He let out an appreciative whistle and shook his head. The safe buried in the floor glittered and sparkled with blinking lights and lighted keypads. Judging by the number of keypads on the handles and locks, it took three or more codes to open the thing and not set off the alarms.
This will be tough, he said. This baby is wired from head to toe. One wrong move and world war three will start. Ill need at least an hour to get through this one.
An hour? I said. We dont have an hour.
I said at least an hour, Sam said. This thing has more computer controls on it than mission control.
I looked at the safe buried in the floor, and he was right. It blinked and winked lights back at me like some sort of Christmas tree. Sam was the expert, not me. I just didnt like sitting inside a killers house for an hour like a glorified target. As it turned out, we didnt have an hour. And neither did Nancy.

Before Sam got half way through, we got a signal from Howard. My phone started vibrating, I looked at the message. Evan Melton had started back inside the house. I motioned for Sam, he threw the carpet and flooring back in place, and we hid against the wall. I motioned for Sam to get in the closet, while I looked for my suspect. I watched as he came into the house from the deck outside. He had Nancy with him. She didnt look well. He offered her a chair, and acted concerned about her for a few moments.
Just sit there until you feel better, he said.
Nancy sat down in the over-sized chair in the lounge and sort of sagged to one side. She didnt just look sleepy, she looked drugged. A second after she sat down, I saw her try to stand up and take off. The drug had already started working so she didnt get far. Evan Melton grabbed her and pushed her back into the chair. I couldnt hear what she said, but she sounded slurred and out of it. Somebody had obviously slipped something in her drink. In a few moments, she passed out. I watched him check her to make sure she was out, and then he picked her up and carried her down the hallway. He handled her like a sack of potatoes. The guy threw her across one shoulder, and let her head smack into the wall behind him. Nancy weighs maybe 90 pounds soaking wet, but he acted like the effort to pick her up was almost too much. One thing all the girls told me was the guy wasnt very strong. It just added another detail to confirm I had the right guy. I watched him, afraid he might head toward master bedroom where Steve was still hiding. If he did, he would obviously notice somebody had gotten inside and discovered Baxters gold. Instead, he pressed a magnetic key against the wall and a door opened. He carried Nancy down the stairs, and left the door open. I followed them.
When I got down there I found another body. I found a naked woman hanging by the neck from a hook on the ceiling. I didnt know it yet, but I had just found Evan Meltons wife. He sat Nancy down on one of the chairs. I thought he was about to kill her too, but then he started talking to her. Nancy was unconscious, so she couldnt hear a word he said.
Look at this Nancy, he said. This used to be my wife. Shes not really my wife, but I didnt need her anymore. Dont worry your turn will come. I won't kill you today, but maybe after we reach the island.
He picked her up again, and set Nancy down on one of the tables. He stopped and rubbed his arms like they were sore. The strain of hauling Nancy down to the basement must have taken a toll. I put my hand on my .45 and started to rush him.
All of a sudden, he turned toward me, and I made a dive under one of the tables. I wasnt expecting that, and it threw me off track. I made it under the table before he saw me. He walked past me and went back up the stairs. Once I was sure he was gone, I picked Nancy up and started up the stairs with her. She was out cold, so I had to carry her back to where Sam was still at work on the safe in the floor.
When I got to the main doorway into the hall, I hesitated for a minute. I looked slowly around the corner, and caught a glimpse of my suspect breaking up the party and sending everybody home. Apparently, his guests expected the party to go on a lot longer, because I heard some grumbling and complaining from them. I didnt know it yet, but the party was just a cover for his actual intentions. The entire thing was only an elaborate trick to lure Nancy back so he could finish what he started.
While he was outside, I carried Nancy into the main bedroom. I gently lay Nancy down on the bed and went to look for Sam. I expected to find Sam still in his hiding place. He wasnt there. I started to panic. I pulled my cellphone out and tried to text Howard, but got no response. He was supposed to monitor his phone, and I should have gotten a response. All of a sudden, I felt very alone and frightened. I was alone in the suspects own home with very few options. What I had planned to do was simply drop the gold in the back of the truck parked underneath the window outside and drive away. For a few moments, I thought maybe my simple plan might still work.
I started toward the window, thinking Sam and Howard must have gone to the truck. I expected to find it parked just outside below the window. But before I got to the window, I heard movement behind me. I heard the distinctive sound of somebody racking the slide of an automatic pistol, and instinctively I put my hands up. Id been caught.
I have your two friends tied up at the moment, I heard a voice behind me say. I turned around and found my suspect behind me with a .32 Walther PPK pointed at me.
So you caught me, I said.
So it seems, he said. You seemed like a smart guy. But you decided to come back and see if you could catch me. If only you had stayed away, but now you will only end up dead.
You sound sure of yourself, I said. But your games just came to an end. Now the police know who you are and what you look like.
I suppose, he said. But I always knew it would come to an end someday. Youve cost me dearly I admit that. But I am not defeated. I have lived my life and stayed clear of the police for decades. The police dont concern me. I intend to leave here and start over. I have enough money to start again. I can afford plastic surgery, and I already have a new identity I can slip into in another country.
So thats what this is all about, I said. Youre planning for a foreign retirement.
I would hardly call it a retirement. I plan to keep right on playing my games. So you thought you had me, and you thought I was Ronnie Hunt? You were so close. I owe the man my wealth, but he really was a dolt. I learned about the gold smuggling through him. He was so frightened the investigation would end his career. It did, of course, but it only proved what a dolt he was. The man never considered getting in on the smugglers game. He just wanted to make sure nobody blamed him for it. He failed to see the opportunity right there in front of him. I took the information he gave me and made myself rich. I went to El Paso and got friendly with the smugglers working there. You found them in the cellar where I left them.
Everybody thought Jason Cunningham took the money and ran, but he didnt.
No, he wasnt that smart. Life is full of coincidences, the man running the smuggling operation out there turned out to be somebody I knew. I went to school with Jason Cunningham. I think thats why the moron trusted me the way he did. They were all frightened like little rabbits when the police started asking questions. I calmed their fears and provided them with leadership. Of course, I also killed them, but they made it easy. I told them I had a special hiding place. All 12 of them walked into the cellar of their own free will. And then they died there.
So you took off with the gold Jason Cunningham smuggled into the states. Why did you decide you needed the rest of it? Why did you need Baxters gold.
Honestly, because I spent most of it. I needed to refresh my supplies. I needed to gather up enough money to last until I die. Its just standard retirement planning you know. I might live to age 90, who knows?
So you went looking for Tom Baxter.
I did, but he was dead and Robert North had already spent his money starting all those restaurants. I thought Brian Mason knew where Baxter hid his gold. The two were close back then, but that turned out to be false. I spent a lot of time and effort tracking him down again, but in a way, I killed him for nothing. I ransacked his house, blew open the safe and found nothing that led me to Baxters gold. I went back after the police found the body. The man kept meticulous records. He had a file of his own along with personal notes on the smuggling case. I never did find it, and I assume the police never did either. I went back for nothing, and I killed him or nothing. Maybe its still in the house somewhere, but I never found it.
But you assumed his identity, and then went after Tom Baxters old cellmate.
I did. Yes I did. Joe Holman really was dumb. I had him trusting me and planning a future together with only four letters. He never met me personally, but decided to run off with me to some state where they allow gay marriage. Disgusting isn't it?
I agree. The way you treated him was disgusting.
Dont get funny. Remember who has the gun here.
So do you even remember your real name after all the people youve killed and pretended to be?
Of course I remember it, but I bet you dont know my name. If you went to El Paso, you might have gotten it. I was born Xavier Drummond, but I have rarely used that name. Jason already knew my real name, so I used it one last time in El Paso. But not since then. Youve come closer to catching me than all the other police Ive tangled with over the years. But youre going to fail just as they did. I suppose you came here looking for the gold? Well youre too late for that too. Your friend found the safe, but I am afraid theres no gold in it now. We have already moved it, and soon you will be joining me on my last escape. I have a few plans for you and Nancy. I had planned to fly out of here in the morning, but now you and your friends have forced me to take yet another detour. Were all going to take a boat ride. I have friends I plan to meet at sea. Youve made a mess out of all my plans. I will grant you that, but in the end, it really won't matter. I have a safe haven in Latin America that we can reach by sea if needed, so youre going to liven up my boat ride to freedom. Id rather fly, but a slow boat trip will give me more time to make the two of you suffer.
The conversation went downhill from there. I tried to get more information out of him, but he wasnt giving up anything. It didnt matter, I had all I needed. The guy took my own handcuffs and slapped them on me, then pushed me out the door toward the truck. I saw when I got there he had Sam and Howard tied up and stashed in the back with the gold. I dont remember much after that, because he gave me a nice fat smack across the back of the head and everything went black. 



Chapter 27


When I woke up, I found myself aboard The Golden Dream. I could feel the boat rising and falling as we moved steadily toward god only knew what. The sea was calm, but I found the rolling and rocking of the boat hard to take. It wasnt motion sickness exactly, but just the after effect of being hit across the back of the head. I sat up and steadied myself before I tried to do anything. I saw Nancy in the corner where Drummond had thrown her. I couldnt see any movement, but I could see her chest rising and falling. So I knew she was breathing, and I relaxed just a little. At least he hadn't killed her. I could imagine why he kept Nancy alive, and it wasnt a good reason. He only kept her alive so he could use and abuse her a little longer. He probably intended to use her as a toy until he got bored with her. What I didnt know exactly was why he didnt kill me back at the house. I didnt know right then if he only intended to toy with me before he killed me, or if he kept me alive because he thought I had information he wanted. I had a feeling I knew the answer. He toyed with his victims right up to the end. The guy probably gave his victims a false sense of hope just so he could crush it out of them right before he killed them.
It really didnt matter exactly why he didnt kill me outright. The important thing was I still had a chance to win this thing, save Nancy and the Baxter girls, and end this bastards killing. He let me live back at the beach house, and I intended to make sure he regretted it.
For several moments, I didnt have the clearest vision or sense of where I was. What mattered was I could tell I was on a boat headed some place I didnt want to go. My head wasnt too clear, so for a second I imagined us striking an iceberg like the Titanic. My head felt like it was spinning around and my vision seemed blurry. I think I even passed out again. When I came around the second time, I managed to clear my head enough to figure out maybe I didnt need to worry about icebergs. What I needed to do was get control of the boat before Drummond killed us and dumped us in the ocean.
The boat was rolling a bit now as Drummond started making some sort of maneuver or other. I gathered he didnt have a lot of experience with boats. I knew one thing for certain, if I didnt do something fast this weirdo would kill us both. If he didnt kill us for fun, he would kill us when he sank the boat on a rock or let it capsize. This time I wasnt going to let myself pass out again. Keeping myself conscious took some effort, for a few moments I felt tempted to just let myself slip back into the darkness and go to sleep. It was a strong temptation too, all I wanted to do was let myself fall back asleep and escape into dreamland. Sleep felt so comforting right then. The noise and light on board the boat seemed like so much torture. Sleep is a relief, but this time it was a relief that might get me killed. I shook my head to clear the feeling out of my head. I had a cut on my arm and took advantage of it to keep myself awake. I ground the cut into the floor just to make it hurt. The pain worked. I didnt fall asleep. It took a few moments, but slowly my head cleared and I felt wide and painfully awake. My hands were cuffed, and my ankles tied, but I wasnt bound to anything. I could sit up and move around.
I looked for something to help me, something I could use to help me stand up. I also started looking for something to use as a weapon. Drummond cuffed me with my own handcuffs. If I could get loose, maybe Id get lucky and find the key still in my pocket. The good thing was he cuffed my hands in front of me. I could still pick things up and swing them around. If I could get ahold of something to use as a weapon, I could still crack his head. Standing up was another matter. On top of the pain and the way my head was spinning, the boat rocked back and forth, as it moved across the water.
I couldnt move my hands very well, but I could work my fingers. It let me untie Nancy, but I couldnt revive her. She was out cold. While I was working on waking her up, I heard movement outside the door. I moved to get behind the door and waited. Drummond came into the room. I looked for a weapon, and came up with an empty whisky bottle. I swung it hard as I could, but he dodged it at the last second and my swing went wide. On top of that, I had badly thrown my weight off to one side and I ended up stumbling across the floor trying not to fall. He came at me with a blow to the back of my head that sent me sprawling across the room. I landed on top of Nancy. I landed nice and hard, and worried maybe I had broken some of her ribs when I fell. I spite of all that, she still didnt wake up.
When I rolled over, I intended to get to my feet and come at him with the best tackle I could manage with my hands cuffed. Things didnt work like I hoped. When I rolled over, I saw he had the Walther PPK pointed at me again. This time I didnt hesitate. I still had the empty whisky bottle in one hand, so I used it. I swung up with both hands as hard as I could. Even cuffed, the blow knocked his arm high in the air and sent the pistol flying. The bottle struck the pistol and broke into a zillion pieces. It created a shower of jagged and sharp bits and pieces of glass that went flying across the cabin. The pistol bounced off the ceiling, and discharged a single round as it did. The bullet went through the wall right beside Nancys head. She rolled to one side. The near miss woke her up and got her moving.
The pistol landed in the middle of the floor and we fought for it like wild men. He got his hand wrapped around the gun, and I bit down on him. I tore out a nice fat chunk of skin, but it didnt make any difference. The man refused to let go, and he got the pistol away from me. I expected him to put a hole in my forehead just like all the others, but he didnt. The man stood over me, leveled down on me, and took aim. All of a sudden, Nancy let out a groan. The sound startled him, and he turned to look at her. The distraction gave me a chance. I came up off the floor and drove my head right into his face. Using a headbutt to go after the bad guy can work, but you take a serious risk. You might knock yourself out in the process. The blow made me see stars and almost pass out again, but it sent him sprawling across the floor. I stood over him, waiting for him to come back up at me. He didnt. I knocked the bastard out cold.
I looked over and saw Nancy still struggling to awaken. She sort of half stood up and staggered toward me. I told her to check my pocket for a key to the handcuffs. She found it, and opened the cuffs. Once I had my hands free, I tried to pick up the pistol. My hands were so swollen from the tight handcuffs I couldnt keep a grip on it. I dropped it twice, before I got a good hold.
Now we had another problem. We had nobody controlling the boat, and I really didnt know exactly how to operate one myself. We got up top and I turned the boat around. I got lucky on one thing; Nancy knew how to operate the radio. She got on the radio, and alerted the police. Theyd meet us at the house by the beach. I asked if she also knew how to run the boat, she nodded her head and I left her to guide the boat.
I wanted to go back down below and check on my prisoner. In the rush to secure the boat, I almost forgot about him. When I left him, he was out cold but I needed to secure him before he came around and got loose. As I went past the kitchen section of the yacht, I noticed he had left the gold and the chess pieces scattered around inside the eating area. Apparently, he had just tossed them inside and did nothing more to secure them than close the door. I stopped long enough to check they really were the gold chess pieces, so I grabbed a knife off the counter and scratched the paint off them. I came up with gold every time. I had the gold stash and the prisoner secured. Or so I thought. My urge to stop right there and then to check the gold almost got me killed. I like to think Im a reasonably bright guy, but if Id really been smart I would have tied him up before I stopped to check on the gold.
I heard a mechanical noise behind me, a very familiar one. I heard the sound of a man working a bolt-action rifle. I turned around and found the bad guy levelled down on me with a rifle. I threw the gold chess piece I had in my hand at him, and made a dash for the wheel up top. He fired a shot, but it went wide. I felt it pass right by my ear as it buried itself in the ceiling.
I got up top just as we reached the shore. I had my suspect right behind me coming up the stairs, the guy levelled down on us with the rifle. I grabbed Nancy, and we both jumped into the water. I pulled her down with me, and made for the bottom. About a second later, the yacht went over our heads and almost killed us. It was close, but we both avoided taking a hit from the props as they passed over us spinning and churning the water. Drummond still didnt really know how to control the boat, but he did manage to avoid running it aground or hitting the dock. He turned the boat around and headed it back toward the island.
When I came up, I had Nancy beside me and I helped her get to the shore. I had to push and pull her all the way to the shore. For those few moments, I was more worried about getting her to the beach, than about what happened to my suspect or the gold. I stood on the beach for a moment and watched the man gun the engine and push the boat back out to sea. I turned and looked toward the house and the dock, and saw an army of police cars heading toward us. Drummond turned the rifle on the police, and shot out the radiator of the lead police car. It blocked the rest from reaching the dock, but all the cops on shore returned fire. They missed Drummond, but the shots started a small fire on the boat. In his effort to avoid being shot, he lost his grip on the rifle and dropped it in the ocean. That was a good thing. Now he had one less gun. The bad side was he still had his pistols.
I dont know what the point of his rifle shot was. It blocked the rest of the cops from reaching the end of the dock, but that really didnt help him much. It would have been smarter for him to just make for the island as fast as he could. All he accomplished was setting his yacht on fire by giving the cops an excuse to shoot at him. Now I had a new fear. I had a nightmare image of that thing catching fire and sinking. I imagined all that gold going right to the bottom before I could lay my hands on it. It might sink in a spot I could never reach even with all the fancy dive equipment money could buy.
For the moment, I worried more about getting Nancy to safety. When we reached solid ground, and got a little distance from the water, Nancy came unglued. With the threat of death gone, she sank to the ground sobbing and shaking with no control. A bunch of cops came up to us, one of them handed me a blanket. I wrapped it around Nancy to add to the one she already had, and sent her off with the cops. I saw Sam and Howard stick their head up from the truck still parked not far from the dock. The cops were untying them and getting them to their feet. Howard gave me a weak sort of wave. Sam must have lost feeling in his legs and feet. He kind of staggered around and leaned against the truck rubbing his feet and legs. Sam and Howard looked sore and tired, but otherwise unhurt.
I saw the runabout tied up not far away, and started running toward it. I intended to catch John Doe before the police did, and all that gold became the property of Uncle Sam. One of the cops tried to stop me, but I flashed my badge at him. I didnt carry a cops badge; it was just a fancy version of my private investigators license. All I had was a piece of gold-plated tin that said Private Detective on it and my license on the other side under plastic. In the dark, it looks pretty official so he backed off and let me go.
I had no intention of coming this close to getting my hands on the gold and catching my suspect only to let the bastard get away. I also didnt intend to let the police, and by extension the government, get the gold. When I went to the island the first time, it looked pretty empty. But Id bet my life he had something hidden there. Something that would let him escape, like a small airplane or maybe a cigarette boat. I didnt think he went out there just to go bury the gold. The man was cornered like a rat, and I knew he had a ratline out there that would let him escape. One thing you can bet on with rats like him is they plan ahead.
When I got to the runabout, I could still just barely see the light from the burning yacht across the waves in the distance. I followed it all the way out there. Normally the little runabout I had could have caught up to the yacht in a few minutes, but he had enough of a head start that I never caught up to him while we were both on the water. I didnt have any trouble finding the yacht or the island. I just followed the light from the fire.
As I got closer to the island, the light got bigger. Not only because I was closer to it, but the fire had grown. When I got there, I saw the entire yacht was aflame from one end to another. It had a long time to burn, but I could tell it would burn right down to the waterline. I had one little thing in common with my suspect. I didnt have a lot of experience running boats. Since I had no idea how to control the runabout, I just ran it straight up onto the beach until it wouldnt go anymore. I jumped out and ran the rest of the way up the beach looking for my suspect.
There wasnt much to the island. It had a rocky side with a few trees and a beach side that consisted of a glorified sandbar. I didnt remember seeing any structures on the beach end, so I went toward the rock and tree end. When I got there, I stopped to catch my breath and look around. The place was silent. Nothing moved, all I could hear was the crackling and roar from the burning yacht behind me, and the roll of the surf. The silence worried me.
I looked at the sand and saw tracks from some sort of small vehicle. Drummond had something to carry the gold. That made sense. Nancy and the Baxter girls all said the man wasnt very strong. He probably used some sort of electric cart to move the gold from the boat. Even a strong man would have trouble moving all that stuff. Gold is heavy and he had a lot of it. I just had to follow the tracks he left in the sand to find him.
After my eyes adjusted to the darkness among the trees, I could just make out the dim red glow of a filtered light. I moved toward it slowly. I reached for the .45 I usually keep in a shoulder holster, before I remembered Drummond had lifted it off me back at the house when he caught us trying to get away with the gold. I was unarmed. Somehow, I had forgotten that.
I moved slowly toward the red light ahead of me. I saw tracks along the ground where somebody dragged something heavy across the sand toward the boat shed down the beach. I also noticed drops of blood alongside the drag marks. The cops hadn't missed him after all. Drummond had nobody to help him get the remaining gold pieces off the yacht before it burned. They were large and heavy. Even a healthy person would find moving that much weight tiring, but my suspect was also wounded and not very strong in the first place. I followed the drag marks, the blood trail, and the light until I reached the boat shed.
When I got closer to it, I could see the outline of a doorway silhouetted in red. I crept up to it, not sure what I would find. When I got there, I saw the other side opened like a garage door out onto the water. Drummond had a cigarette boat hidden inside the building. It was a long sleek, and very fast looking boat. It was just the thing for a person smuggling cigarettes, contraband, or trying to escape the law. I saw the chess pieces scattered around the floor near the boat. I crept up slowly. I saw no sign of him. He had the gold pieces stacked on some sort of motorized cart. The problem was he still had to lift it into the boat. I saw he only had three pieces in the boat, the rest were still stacked on the motor cart. The work had probably worn him down.
The entire boat shed was lit only with the red-filtered safety light. I scanned the interior looking for signs of my suspect as I moved farther into the room. A sound saved me. I heard the distinctive sound of somebody flipping the safety on a pistol. It wasnt much of a noise; anybody else might have missed it. But it was enough to save my hide. I rolled to one side just as the first shot flew past my head. I came up behind a row of boxes. I noticed hairs on my shoulder where the round sliced through a few of the hairs on my head. I put my hand to the side of my head and drew it back with a smudge of blood. His shot almost got me.
I looked toward the doorway I had just passed through and saw my suspect there. The muzzle flash from the pistol blinded him and he hadn't seen which direction I went. He was looking for me around the boat.
I let him move farther past me and get closer to the boat. I noticed he held the gun with one hand, but he kept his other clutched against his side. Then I noticed the blood dripping down his fingers. Apparently, one of the cops back there at the house hit him after all. When he had his back to me, I made my move. I tried to close the ground between us fast, but I kicked a plastic bottle I hadn't seen in the dark. It went skittering across the pavement, and bounced off the hull of the boat. He turned and leveled the pistol down on me. If Id made it a little closer, I might have been able to grab the gun. But all I could do was raise my hands and stop running.
I lived for one simple reason. Drummond was wounded, and he couldnt load the gold pieces into the boat himself. He motioned for me to start picking up the gold chess pieces and put them in the boat for him. I had at least learned the mans name, but I wanted to get a little more. So I started asking him questions while I worked.
You do a lot of killing.
He didnt answer me for a long time. The man just stood there watching me work loading the gold from the electric cart to the second boat. After a few minutes, he answered.
I do kill a lot of people, he said. I almost lost count of them all. I started keeping a list.
When he said that, he produced a notebook from inside the boat. He didnt read it, but just fanned the pages to show me how thick it was. He told me his earliest killings werent in the book, but most of them he dutifully listed in the notebook along with the place he buried the body. He claimed the number in the book was 55, not counting the earliest kills he never wrote down.
I know where I put all of them, he said. Including the ones I left to starve, or locked in basements. I once walled a girl up inside a house. I got my idea from Poe. She would have died all alone wasting away and starving all alone in the dark. You have to love that.
Sometimes you miss, I said. Amber didnt starve.
Youre good, he said. You found her did you? When you dont kill them outright, you always run the risk they might survive. Thats too bad. I am impressed you found her before she died. Ive made a lot of mistakes. Look what Ive done to myself. It all started when I decided not to kill Cindy. I really should have killed her and her sister. That was a serious mistake, and it cost me dearly. I could have avoided all this pain and suffering if I had killed her. I tried to fix my mistake later with hitmen. That was a mistake too. I should have done the work myself. If she had died, then she would never have hired you. If she had never hired you, I could slip away into my new identity calmly and easily. Unfortunately, I started to like her. Besides I got her pregnant.
You couldnt kill the mother of your child?
Exactly, he said. I do have a few limits. But I really should have killed her anyway. I should never have allowed myself to grow so fond of her, and I should have never got her pregnant. Now look what happened. I brought this on myself because I turned soft. And now Im running like a frightened animal. The worst part is I almost lost the fortune I worked so hard to build.
While we talked, I picked up the chess pieces as slowly as I could and put them in the boat. He motioned for me to move faster, and I did for a few seconds. I dragged my feet to stall for time, thinking the police might get there soon. About the time I dropped a chess piece into the boat, a police helicopter roared overhead. We both turned to look out the open door as about a dozen boats full of cops started landing on the beach. I looked out across the water, and saw an armada of police boats and Coast Guard headed toward the island.
Drummond forgot about me for a second and ran to the door to get a better look. He stood there for several seconds, watching the police boats swarm toward the island. It gave me a chance to yank one of the fuel lines on the cigarette boat loose and grab the white queen up from the floor. When he turned toward me, I smashed the queen down on his gun hand and knocked the gun out of his hand. Before he could recover, I came back up with the queen and smashed him across the face with it. The man went down across the floor. I scrambled to pick up the Walther, when I came up I saw he had another pistol in his hand. This time he had a snub-nose revolver.
Before he could get up off the floor or get the pistol aimed at me, I pressed the Walther against his head and took the revolver from him. I looked outside and saw the police had reached the island. They moved slowly, fanned out in a line with flashlights and shotguns walking toward the boatshed. Now that I had two guns, it gave me an idea. I put the Walther in my pocket and leveled down on him with the revolver. I kept an eye on him, while I climbed into the boat and removed the gold. I threw the chess pieces out on the floor. Then, I got out and set the revolver down just long enough to take the Walther apart. I dropped the magazine out, and hit the slide release. I told Drummond to get in the cigarette boat. He climbed in, and then turned to look at me. 
What are you doing? he asked, clearly looking confused.
Saving the taxpayer some money and trouble, I said as I threw the disassembled Walther into the boat with him. I motioned for him to sit at the controls. He watched me closely for a while, until he figured it out.
Youre a clever bastard, he said. Youre hoping I will go out there and open fire on the police. You want them to gun me down.
Youve got a fast boat there. A cigarette boat I think theyre called, I said. Youve probably got a little cash stashed away somewhere. If you can escape, maybe you can live and avoid prison. You seem like a resourceful guy. Who knows, maybe you can even collect up another fortune someday. So I will give you a shot at escaping from the police. Take that boat out, reassemble the pistol, and you have a chance at freedom. But I get the gold. If you stay here, the police will bring you in and the courts will convict you and stick a needle in your arm. And even if they dont, youll spend the rest of your life in prison.
Maybe, he said. But its a gamble. Youre taking a risk. What if I escape? You won't like that, in fact youd probably come looking for me.
I dont think you will escape, I said. And if you escape, youll be a problem for the police. Not me.
Ok, he said, I dont want to die in prison. Even a poor man is a free man, so I will take your gamble. You can have the gold, and I will take the boat and run the police gauntlet.
With that, I pulled a lever and the boat dropped into the water at the end of the building. He crouched down for a few seconds to reassemble the pistol. When he had the thing put back together and loaded it, he took off straight toward the line of police boats surrounding the island.
For a moment, things looked a little doubtful. That boat was exactly as fast as it looked. I thought for a second he really had flown right past them and escaped. The thing shot straight through the line of police and coast guard, and all but disappeared on the other side. The boat was painted a blue-black color, and against the night sky and sea, it seemed invisible. It really looked like I had just helped my suspect escape. I watched the police boats; they scanned the water for the boat. For a long time they didnt find anything. The searchlights cut through the dark and found only water. I could hear voices over several different amplifiers calling out to him. They were ordering him to surrender, and shouting orders. But it looked like they were shouting orders to somebody who wasnt there. The lights continued to scan the water, but found nothing. The boat had vanished.
Then I saw a small pinpoint of light. The searchlights all converged on it and suddenly the cigarette boat was caught in a ring of lights. The police boats surrounded him and started closing in on the boat. When I yanked the fuel line, I only thought it would make it easier to catch him when he ran out of fuel. I wasnt thinking of starting a fire, but thats what happened. Another fire, on yet another boat, and the fire was spreading.
When the police boats closed in, he did the same thing hed done with the rifle. He started shooting. I guess he really didnt want to go to prison, because the results were predictable. All those cops surrounding his boat opened fire. With everybody shooting toward the boat, and the thing already on fire with fuel leaking all over the place, it went up like a roman candle. A second later, the fire died down to a slow burn. I saw my suspect was still alive, but he was on fire from head to toe. He went down dancing and writing in flames. I could hear him screaming from across the water. I hate myself for taking pleasure at other peoples suffering, but this time it felt right. The bastard died, and he died in a lot of pain. I should probably feel ashamed of myself, but I dont. The man had it coming.
I didnt have a lot of time before the police would come around to check out the boat shed, so I gathered up the chess pieces and hurled them off into the water. I had no idea how deep the water was, but I couldnt think of a better place to hide it. I didnt know if I was throwing them into ten feet of water or a thousand feet of water. I got the last pieces thrown into the ocean, and then sat down to wait for the police. Only then did I notice the pain. I had taken a serious beating, and as the adrenaline wore off, I started feeling it. And I mean bad. I hurt all over.
I walked around the other side of the boat shed so I could get a better view of the fire. I sat down and just stared. Out across the water the cigarette boat was burning right down to the water, and down the way from me, the remains of the yacht continued to burn nice and bright. A few seconds later, a fireboat approached and started spraying the cigarette boat with foam. They had the fire out in a few moments, but the boat was still a total loss and Drummond was dead. At least it didnt sink. I watched them move toward the burning yacht, but there wasnt much left to put out by that point. The thing had almost burned itself out. I saw a group of cops walking in a line up toward me.
I was grateful when they offered me a boat ride back to shore and a trip to the hospital. I felt like hell at that point. They had a paramedic on board the boat that picked us up, I let him put a few bandages on, and I took some pain pills. I sat back and let the pills do their thing while I watched the fires across the water.
The police boats mostly clustered around the far end of the island closest to the yacht. I saw a few headed toward the boat shed. I could only hope they wouldnt look too closely in the water below them. I noticed the fire had spread from the boat to the island. Soon the entire island was on fire from one end to the other. Against the night sky, the bright reds and oranges were kind of pretty. I sat back in the police boat and watched the fire. In a moment, those pain pills the paramedic gave me started making me drowsy. I fell asleep just as we reached the shore. I dont remember anything after that until I woke up in the hospital.



Chapter 28


Nancy spent a few days in the hospital for observation. They put her through a million tests, and she passed them all. Things could have turned out a lot worse for her. Her friend Heidi came and went during part of her stay in the hospital. The friend blamed herself for letting Nancy leave with the weird woman at the nightclub. I didnt catch their entire conversation. When Heidi came into the room, I picked that as a good time to go admire the artwork in the hallway.
While I was out in the hallway, I caught part of the morning TV news coverage of the whole thing. They had interviews with all of Evan Meltons friends. The reporters cornered a few of them as they tried to sneak out of town at the airport. I scanned the national news, but didnt find any coverage. Good. I didnt need that kind of aggravation. None of us did. The local reporters in Denver and Red Rock Point, on the other hand, were in a frenzy over the killings. I noticed one of the reporters kept screwing the names up and called him Evan Melton a few times before he corrected himself and called him Xavier Drummond. The confusion was understandable. The guy went through more fake names than a person could count. I watched a few more minutes of it, and then turned the television off when I saw Nancys friend take the elevator down to the lobby. Her friend left after about an hour and returned to One Tree. The girl was crying when she left. I watched her until the elevator doors closed, and then went back to talk to Nancy again.
I was glad Nancy escaped with her life, but I was a little disappointed that after everything she already put herself through it took nothing more than an invitation to a wild party to lure her back into Drummonds trap. I had hoped all shed been through the first time might give her reason to rethink her lifestyle or scare her straight. Maybe the second narrow escape would do it. I hoped so anyway.
The Baxter girls called up and wanted me to put her in touch with her, so I did. I heard part of the phone call Nancy had with Cindy, and I could tell she wanted Nancy to go live with them on the Baxter farm. The reason was pretty simple. She didnt have a place to go, and Cindy felt sorry for her.
The doctors wanted to put me in the hospital, but I insisted on the treated and released idea. Id been through this before and I knew when I was hurt and when I wasnt. Id done enough time in the hospital to know these things. Id feel sore for a few days, but nothing more. I really didnt need a doctor to tell me that, besides the patching up I got at the Emergency Room was enough.
It wasnt just my pride at work. I had another reason to want out of the hospital fast. I still didnt have the gold under my control. Right after John Does cigarette boat went up in flames, I had enough time to hide the gold. I knew if the police got it, then it would end up belonging to Uncle Sam. And even if it didnt, it would take years of lawsuits to get it back.

Once I got out of the hospital, the next step seemed easy. I just had to wait until the police wrapped up their work on the island, and then I could go get the gold. It sounds so easy. All I had to do was wait. I spent most of my days on an overlook near the shore watching the island. From way up in the hills, I could see the island. I got up there with a telescope and kept an eye on the place. The cops didnt stay around long. They made a survey of the boat shed, and searched the burned out boats for evidence. The gold was nice and safe down there the whole time.
I wish I could say my time up on the side of the hill was a relaxing time with the seabirds just enjoying the scenery. I can't say that because I didnt find it relaxing at all. Every time I saw a cop take a stroll toward the boat shed, my blood pressure went up about a zillion notches. I could just see them getting the bright idea to take a survey of the ocean bottom. I couldnt imagine why they would do that, but the thought of it made me nervous enough to feel sick now and then. They never did search the water, they just searched the island, and the boat shed. They brought dogs out a few times and had them sniff around the island, but found nothing. I wasnt sure if they were looking for drugs or bodies. Probably bodies, but I didnt know. After the dogs made swept the island, they made a photographic survey and left.
I didnt have the kind of inside advantage with the cops out here I did at home. Back in Stevensburg, I could just give Jack Mason a call and get whatever information I needed. Out there, I couldnt do that. But one day I wandered down to the dock where the cops were gathered after one of their trips. I didnt learn much, but they confirmed most of my assumptions. They already knew who I was and how I was involved in the case. I just asked what they found on the island.
Theres nothing out on the island, one cop said. We took cadaver dogs out and searched every square inch. We didnt find anything. Those two grave sites, if they were graves, are empty and it looks like they always were.
I wonder what he had hidden out there. I said, hoping maybe the cop would volunteer something useful.
Whatever it was, the cop said. It wasnt bodies or drugs. Its just the same old concrete gun platform the Navy left behind in 1919. Youre the P.I. looking for the stolen property?
Yes thats me. Im Led Sinclair.
What sort of property?
My client wants that to remain confidential.
I see. Well I heard it involved smuggling gold or jewels or something like that.
Maybe, but like I said my client wants that kept confidential.
Suit yourself. But we didnt find anything out there except sand.
With that last line, the cop shoved the final bit of equipment into his truck and drove back toward downtown Red Rock Point. Finally, I could go out there again. The cops only spent a few days there looking for evidence, but it felt like a million years to me. I sweat bullets the whole time. The sense of relief seemed like a reward all by itself. I rented a boat and went out to the far end of the island near the boat shed. I took a depth measurement and it came up with 155 feet. Id done a little recreational diving in the past, but my skills had deteriorated. I decided to hire somebody to get them for me.
With all the expenses I racked up on this case, one more didnt matter that much. I just needed to make sure I hired somebody I could trust. I ended up with a diver from Florida and brought him in to do the work. I wanted to make sure I had somebody who didnt have connections with the local area. They might gossip about what they found down there. I wanted somebody who didnt watch the news or read the papers. The guy I brought in from Florida was a big sports fan, who never read the newspapers or watched TV news. He hardly even knew who the president was, and didnt care much either. The guy was perfect.
The two of us spent most of the afternoon at the island. At first, I watched him each time he disappeared below the water to go looking for the chess pieces. For a long time, I just sat there until he returned. I guess I stayed there that long because I thought he might try to steal them. He seemed like a good guy, but I didnt know him from Adams uncle, so I kept an eye on him. But as the day got longer and longer, I decided I could trust him. While he made his trips to and from the boat, I wandered around a little.
Looking around this little rock of an island I wondered how long it would last against the waves and storms. The fire had stripped away all the vegetation, leaving nothing to protect it from erosion. The sandy side of it was steadily washing back into the ocean. The rocky side of it, the area around the boat shed, might last forever. In a few years, maybe a few months, the spot I was standing on wouldnt exist. The graves, the yacht all of the sandy side would just disappear into the ocean. I kicked a few rocks around, watched the sea birds flying overhead, and eventually returned to the rented boat. My diver had all the chess pieces retrieved when I got there.
You didnt tell me they were gold, he said holding one up.
I forgot about scratching the paint off them, but every one of them had a gold stripe right down the middle. He laid them out where I could see them, and asked me if I wanted to count them. I glanced at them. I almost said no, just to prove I thought he was honest, but then counted them anyway. All of them were there. Unfortunately, it wasnt the entire chess set. John Doe used up most of it to finance his lifestyle. I counted only eight. All of the white pieces were there, minus the pawns. One of the bishops was half chopped up, but it was still there. It wasnt much compared to the 32 pieces of a full chess set, but it still amounted to a fortune.
The two of us started the boat up and returned to shore. I took the gold to a shop in town and watched as the workers melted it down and cast it into bars for me. The guy at the shop looked nervous the whole time. I dont think hed ever handled gold before. I wanted the work done quietly by somebody I could trust not to go running to some government agency. The guy probably thought I was with the mafia. I took the bars and returned to Moreau County with them. The people at the bank took receipt of them, and told me I had $700,000 in gold. In the end Baxters gold turned things around for his two girls just like he wanted. Cindy paid off the bank, had enough money left to get a fresh start on life. They also gave Amber and Nancy a chance at a better life too. The two of them moved in with the Baxter girls and stayed there. I liked seeing something good come out of all the ugliness this case created.



Thank You
Thank you for buying my book, youre helping make it possible for me to give up my day job. If you enjoyed this book, please post a favorable review via your favorite website. Also, look for these current and forthcoming Led Sinclair titles. And remember to visit my blog at http://johnjayabbott.blogspot.com
--- J.J. Abbott


Always One
Baxters Blues
Cold Blooded Hate (Forthcoming)
Dagger Point (Forthcoming)
Evil Intent (Forthcoming)
Furious Blue (Forthcoming)
Greene and Mean (Forthcoming)
Howards Revenge (Forthcoming)
Infamy (Forthcoming)
Justice (Forthcoming)
Killers Reward (Forthcoming)
Last Change (Forthcoming)
Morning Light (Forthcoming)
Never Die (Forthcoming)
One Way Out (Forthcoming)
Power Play (Forthcoming)
Queen Anne (Forthcoming)
Red Handed (Forthcoming)
Silver (Forthcoming)
True Blue (Forthcoming)
Unbearable white (Forthcoming)
Vanishing Act (Forthcoming)
Wishful Thinking (Forthcoming)
Mister X (Forthcoming)
Yellow Sky (Forthcoming)
Zero Hour (Forthcoming)
