From My Heart
Straight from the Heart #2

Breigh Forstner
From My Heart 
Straight from the Heart Series Book # 2
Copyright  2014 by Breigh Forstner
Cover designed by: Madelene Martin
Editing by: Metamorphosis Editing Services
Interior Formatting by: Dayne Edmondson

Smashwords Edition
ISBN: 9781311577795
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the authors rights. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The characters and events portrayed in this book are a work of fiction or are used fictiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.
Table of Contents
Acknowledgements:
Note from the author:
Chapter 1: Away From You
Chapter 2: Playing with Fire
Chapter 3: Time
Chapter 4: Mayhem
Chapter 5: Addiction
Chapter 6: Live A Little
Chapter 7: Everything Changes
Chapter 8: How it could be
Chapter 9: In the End
Chapter 10: Straight from the Heart
Chapter 11: Secrets Kill the Weak
Chapter 12: Another Pill to Swallow
Chapter 13: Take Backs
Chapter 14: Gotta Be You
Epilogue:
About the Author:
Upcoming Releases:
Acknowledgements:
Theres a lot of people I would like to thank this time around. First, my two daughters. You were very patient when we would watch videos on one side of my laptop screen while I wrote on the other side and I love you so much. To the rest of my family, you have all been so supportive of my journey as an author thus far, and I cant thank you enough. 
My editor, Nikki at Metamorphosis Editing Services, you rock! I loved seeing all of your feedback as I was making the changes to the book and it was great working with you. 
Once again, Madelene Martin did my cover for From My Heart and it looks so good, and such a quick turnaround. 
Also to my beta readers that gave me early feedback about From My Heart, and what they liked and who they didnt like in it, you also rock!
And who could forget my fellow authors, bloggers, and the readers? I appreciate each and every single one of you and everything you have done for me, whether its advice, support, anything. I love you all. 
Readers are what makes the world go around and this book is dedicated to you. 
Note from the author:
The chapter titles that you are going to see in From My Heart are song titles from the band Everlasting, who are the main characters. I also threw in a song from Ignite the Flames, which you met in Straight from the Heart.  Also the lyrics below each chapter title go with that song too. 
Chapter 1: Away From You
Cale
Spent so much time
Wondering where it all went wrong
But I was manipulated and caught in your web
I have to get away from you
I hate hospitals. 
The only other time Ive ever been hospitalized was after the Tyler-beat-up incident -we got into a brawl on stage less than a year ago.
Maybe it was the way nurses stared at me like I was a criminal and the doctors talked to me like I was stupid because of my tattoos. Or it couldve been my shitty attitude. 
Yeah that was it. 
You should be able to go home tomorrow, mister. The nurse tapped my leg slightly as she finished taking my latest round of vitals. Well keep you overnight just as a precaution from the surgery just in case of any after effects that may occur. Also you have the buzzer beside your bed in case you need anything else. Jessie, the nurse that had been taking care of me, was Raptors older sister. She was the normal of the two siblings so to speak. While Raptor was crazy and died his Mohawk a different color every other day, Jessie went to medical school and had her own house on the outskirts of town. 
Aww, come on, Jess, I groaned, and she shot me a dirty look. You know what I really need?
Not a chance, bud. Jessie grinned, turning around on her heels to go check on her next patient. Ill be back later. She knew I was kidding, but I had to make myself laugh while I was in this depressing place. I mean, if I was into girls that were like six years my senior, I would have totally went after her. She had dark blond hair that was cut to her chin, a pretty athletic body, and wore dark rimmed glasses that made her look even older. But the times Id seen her after tours and on breaks she usually stuck to her contacts, which made her baby blue eyes pop. 
There I was I am thinking about another girl when my girl was in another hospital room on the same floorwow, what an ass. 
I kept saying the words, my girl to myself, still in disbelief I really had the girl of my dreams all to myself. Bryn Schaefler was my official girlfriend. I was a lucky guy. Who else got the opportunity to perform on stage beside their girlfriend nearly every day for weeks on end? I would never get tired of seeing her. She was completely and utterly made for me, I was sure of it. 
Her green eyes were what sold me the first time I met her and shook her hand. They were like brand new emeralds that glistened in the sun. And plus it helped that she had a rocking body, despite her complaints from time to time about how her hips are too wide or how she was getting arm fat. I would shoot her down immediately and kiss her just so I wouldnt have to hear her talk about herself like that. 
After flipping through TV stations, most of which were showing early morning news shows, I heard a faint knock at the door. It was getting late, or at least close to the end of visiting hours, so I wasnt sure who it could be. For a split second, I wished it wouldve been one of the nurses wheeling Bryn in to see me. 
Come in! I yelled, straightening the pillows behind me so I could sit up a little straighter. 
The door opened, and in came Vince. His light brown hair was a mess and it looked like he slept in one of the hospital waiting room chairs for the night. 
How ya doing, bud? he mumbled, stepping closer to my hospital bed to take a closer look at me. Judging by the discouraged look on his face, he seemed reluctant to come any farther. 
You dont have to be scared, I said. Im not broken, Vince. I chuckled, trying to lighten up the mood. He shook his head with a grin and sat down in a chair against the wall. I mean, besides a couple of stab wounds and a bullet to my chest, Im hanging in there. You on the other hand, my man, look like shit.
Vince ran a hand through his disheveled hair and sighed. Yeah, I feel like it, he said. It should be me in one of these beds, not you, Tyler, and Bryn. If she hadnt told me to run I could have helped save her and get you guys help
I raised my hand to silence him. He was one of my best friends and I wasnt going to let him take the blame for what happened to us. Dont guilt trip yourself. Dammit, between you and Luke, you guys got us help. You saved us before Brayden could hurt anyone else During our last show almost three days ago, Bryns older brother Brayden caused mayhem backstage, all for Bryns attention. Her parents were secretly hell-bent on bringing her back home, and that meant pulling out all of the tricks to get her there, no matter the costs.  
Which included roping their only son into doing whatever it took to make Bryn realize she was making a mistake. He had been a part of Raptors beating that cost him his spot in the band and an injured hand. Now this shooting at the festival. Just thinking of what went down gave me chills. I didnt want to relive watching Bryn being hurt by her brother, let alone getting hurt myself. I hadnt heard how Tyler was doing, but when the ambulances finally came to get us, all I could hear was his brutal screams of pain. 
I was scared to ask. Have you seen Tyler or Bryn? 
Vince stiffened up, They look like hell if you want my honest opinion. Bryn has a huge bandage around her head from when it was slammed against the tree and some scratches on her face. She had a blanket covering the rest of her body so I couldnt tell ya if anything else was wrong with her.
What about Ty? 
Hes got a few broken ribs and a concussion. I had to stop him from schmoozing one of the nurses into bringing him alcohol to numb his pain. Vince laughed. That sounded like Tyler Donahue, alright. We were practically one in the same. Dont tell me you tried that too?
I shook my head. Nah. I was joking around with Raptors sister and she took it the wrong way. Thought I was trying to get into her scrubs.
Ohhh Raptor would kill you for that if he found out. Vince smirked. But shes married, isnt she?
Hell if I know. I replied. I already have a girl anyways.
An amazing one. Vince admitted, rubbing his eyes as he slumped over. You better not lose her or else Ill snatch her up.
I glared at him; he knew better than to even joke about taking Bryn from me. Now that I had her I wasnt ever going to let go. They need to get me out of this damn bed and wheel me to her room, I said. This has been the longest period of time I havent seen her and it sucks shit, I whined, feeling pain in my chest. My hand held onto my heart as I tried to slow my breathing down. Where was the pain medicine when I need it? They had been giving me doses about every 4-6 hours and that wasnt enough. If I could walk, Id steal their stash in the pharmacy.
Relax, Cale, Vince said. You seriously need to take it easy for the night. That bullet was too close to your heart, I was here when they said it was merely a few centimeters away from killing you. Especially with the tour coming upwell have to tone it down on stage. That was exactly what I didnt want to hear. I didnt care if I was centimeters from death, I was not going to stop doing what I loved, which was giving Everlasting fans a show theyd never forget. 
No chance. Weve still got until January anyway so we should all be back to our usual selves. Im not changing what I do on a daily basis because of a psychotic idiot who shouldnt have had a gun in the first place.
My son, you use your words so well. I heard my mom say sarcastically as she entered the room, her tennis shoes squeaking against the floor. Are you giving Vince problems, sweetheart?
I rolled my eyes. Vince was eating it up the attention, standing up to kiss my mom on the cheek. She had grown to consider all of the guys in Everlasting her sons. Most of the time shed take their sides over mine due to my potty mouth. 
Of course not, mother, Im a perfect gentleman, I lied, smiling widely. She leaned over to give me a brief hug without touching my injuries. 
Im sorry, Mom said, even though the hug didnt hurt. I just dont want to hit something. Tears were in her eyes at the pure sight of me. Probably because none of her four kids had ever had serious injuries before, let alone surgery. Luckily, I didnt have broken ribs like Tyler or even a bandage around my head like my Bryn. Damn I wished I could go see her. Rubbing the back of Moms hand along my cheek, I tried relaxing. Are you sure youre okay to be released tomorrow? she asked.
Yesss, Mom. Jessie just came in and said theyre keeping me overnight just as a precaution and Vince will take me home. I looked over at Vince, who had fallen asleep, slouched over in the chair. I could hear a faint snore from his lips, but I covered my mouth so my hysterical laughing wouldnt wake him up. I patted down a small bit of space next to me on the bed. Come sit, Mom. You look frazzled.
She snorted. Tying her long copper colored hair into a ponytail, she slowly sat down beside my good leg. Well, your sisters are freaking out and were upset when I told them they couldnt come up to see you. I didnt want them to see you in pain. You know how Sadie gets when she gets a paper cut, let alone sees anything remotely close to blood. But she said shed suck it up for an hour or two. If I could say one thing about my family, it was that we were all close. Besides the guys in the band, my sisters Sadie, Danielle, and Alexandria were my best friends. We were all born within five years of each other, Sadie 21, Danielle 19, and Alexandria had just turned 17. Danielle and I had gotten the brown hair from our dad while Sadie and Alexandria had moms copper shaded hair. But we all got the amber colored eyes from Mom.
Tell them I love them, promise? I asked, and Mom nodded. When everyone gets feeling better I want them to meet Bryn.
My moms eyes lightened up instantly. Youre finally going to bring her around? After how long, mister?
I clasped a hand onto her shoulder and squeezed. Give it a bit. I promise I will bring her by the house for one of your home cooked dinners. Just name the date and time.
Another hour went by, my mom giving me updates on how Danielle wanted to move across the country and go to the University of Oregon, while Alexandria wanted to start up a band. I admired both of them for going after what they wanted. Sadie, on the other hand, was more of a home-body and spent most of her time with her long term boyfriend; she liked her life like that. 
Another nurse peeked through the door and smiled. Im sorry, Mrs. Pelton, visiting hours are almost up. Pointing to Vince, who was now drooling on his chin, she grinned and said, Might want to wake him up too. We said thank you, and before I could throw my empty cup of ice water at Vince, Mom had shaken him awake. 
He looked back and forth between us, still in a sleepy daze. They kicked you out, man, I told him. You should go with my mom and stay until the morning. 
Groaning, Vince nodded in agreement. Suppose youre right. Youll be okay until the morning, right? 
Yes, my second mother, I teased. But thank you for staying, Vince. Love ya.
He took a couple of steps to my side, giving me a one armed hug. Not a problem. Always got your back. 
In between the police coming to question me right after surgery and my few visitors, I was more than anticipating seeing Bryn and how she was holding up. 
***
Bryn
Frickety frick my head felt like it hit a ton of bricks. Well, close enough. The back of my head hit a huge oak tree at full force. I was still in shock that my older brother Brayden was capable of anything so horrific. Was he serious when he said he reconciled with Mom and Dad? Im sure they tracked him down and bribed him with money. Thats probably why he did what he did to get me to come home. But after seeing what he was capable of, there was no way I could trust him again. Or my parents for that matter. 
Now all that was on my mind was the guys. After Brayden threw me against the tree, I had blacked out. I remember hearing additional gun shots and a bunch of screaming coming from every direction. I didnt know who they were coming from, but it scared the living crap out of me. 
Waking up at the hospital, my first question was, Wheres Cale and Tyler? Vince and Luke were right by my side, each holding a hand as my eyelids finally opened after being out cold for hours. 
Theyre both being checked out right now, Luke whispered, his voice barely making any sound. It was bad Bryn. Bad wasnt a good enough explanation for me. I needed to know if either one were going to make it out of the hospital alive. 
How bad? I choked on my words, feeling a huge lump in my throat. 
Cale was covered in blood, Vince said. They almost couldnt stop the bleeding in his leg from the stab wound and he got shot 
But Tyler looks like he has a few broken ribs form the way he kept clutching his sides, Luke interjected. Dont worry about them, Bryn. Youll all be okay and hopefully out of the hospital in a few days.
A few days was right. 
Here I was now, watching late night news on TV, complaining about this huge white bandage wrapped around my head. It was practically down to my eyebrows and it was driving me crazy. But after getting the scoop from the guys, including Raptor and Hal, who had been in to visit me on and off, Cale and Tyler got the worst of Braydens wrath. 
That was what my brother wanted, which made me sick to my stomach. It was all a part of the Schaefler family master plan: Do whatever it takes to get Bryn home because apparently I didnt belong writing music and playing guitar on a daily basis. 
Visiting hours were just getting over with. I knew this from the shuffling of feet in the hallway. I couldnt even see out into the hall to know if anyone was coming in, unless they knocked. Dammit, I could not wait to be released. 
 Its Nurse Jessie, can I come in? My nurse knocked lightly. Without another word, she swiftly walked in, clipboard in her hand, as she immediately checked the monitors I was hooked up to. 
Are they getting me out of here tomorrow? I asked. 
Those odds are looking pretty good, Bryn. Your friends were asking me the same question, Jessie replied firmly, not looking in my direction. Theyre getting pretty antsy, but theyre guys. Its to be expected.
So theyre doing okay?
Jessie met my eyes and smiled. Well, considering your boyfriend was trying to bribe me, I think hes back in rare form. Just the word boyfriend made me grin. 
Is there any way I could see him? I blurted out. 
Possibly in the morning, if that would work, she suggested. That way both of you are well rested. 
Ive waited days to see him. I think someone could wheel me down to his room, I mumbled under my breath. The nurse turned in my direction after jotting down my vitals. 
Ill let the next nurse coming in know so she can get a wheelchair ready in the morning, Nurse Jessie replied, not acknowledging my comment. Sleep well, Bryn.
Yeah. Okay. Sleep well? In this hospital bed? Fat chance. I could just make a run for it, take the machines Im hooked up to with me. 
It took me a couple hours into old romance movies on Lifetime before I finally dozed off. I heard faint laughter that sounded a lot like Cales. Dont worry Bryn, I told myself. Youll see him in the morning, in just a few short hours. 
It was hard to believe that I had been a part of Everlasting for almost five months now, going on a half year. This was my new life and I was in love with what I did: play music. The guys were my new family now that I discovered how messed up my family really was. While everyone else knew I had an ex, Cale was the only one that I told about that night. As much as an ass he could be at times, he was all mine and I wouldnt have it any other way right now. 
Even since Tyler came back during the recording process, I had felt a connection with Tyler. We had both grown up in the same kind of family so we had that much in common. But he was one of the lucky ones that had easy going parents that let him go out and pursue what he wanted without any hassle. Spending time with him, he reminded me a lot of Ethan, but add four years, more muscles, and brown hair. He was definitely easy to look at, to say the least, but after what Cale went through with Lucy and Tyler, I wasnt about to put him in that situation again. That was the whole reason Tyler got kicked out in the first place. 
The next morning, I woke up to the sun shining through my hospital room window. More like the rays of sunshine were so bright I thought I was going to go blind. The hospital kitchen just called me to get my breakfast order and I flipped the channel to an early morning news show, not really paying attention to what the anchors were saying. When I heard one of the newscasters mention the word Shooting, my ears perked up and I couldnt tear my eyes away. 
In big bold letters at the bottom of the screen it flashed, Shooter dead after attack in Pontiac. My eyes widened in horror at the site as I watched a recap of what I couldnt see, only heard. 
My brother was dead?
Why didnt anyone in this hospital tell me? Surely Raptor, Luke or Vince knew about it obviously, and they just failed to tell me. My only blood sibling was gone. I studied the words coming out of the newscasters mouth as she reiterated the details of that day. How a young man in his 20s shot members of the band Everlasting, injuring three of its members, who were now in stable condition at the hospital. 
My eyes flickered to where the cameras zoomed up on my lifeless body being rushed into an ambulance. I looked that bad? I watched as the paramedics tried to stop the bleeding from my head and to check if I was still breathing. This was too much to take in, but when I tried to turn the channel, Cales and Tylers bodies came into view. 
Tears were pouring down my cheeks. I barely recognized them, and when I tried to scoot to the end of my bed to get a closer look at them, they changed the topic to some other news story. 
Without a knock, I heard someone strolling in on a wheelchair, my breakfast plate clattering along. When I turned to get a better view of who it was, I wanted to jump out of bed and hug the shit out of him. 
Cale. Cale being strolled in his wheelchair by a younger male nurse. He was holding two breakfast plates, both consisting of eggs, bacon and a side of yogurt. The smile on his face and the gleam in his eye was priceless. This was the longest time we went without seeing each other since we first met, so it was definitely an adjustment. Not a good one, to say the least. 
You look beautiful, were the first words uttered out of his mouth. That thing around your head is some fashion statement. I couldnt help but smirk. Here he was back to his typical smart ass attitude, but I had grown to get used to it. Now I loved it. 
As soon as the nurse stopped Cales wheelchair, grabbed the trays from him, and set them on my small table so I could eat from my bed, my hands longed to touch Cale.
The nurse helped Cale out of the wheelchair and I scooted as close to the edge of my bed as I could so he could sit beside me. 
Ill be back in a little bit to collect this man, The guy joked. Doctors want to run another test before youre all released to make sure hes stable enough to go. 
Cale nodded. Thanks again, my man. Ill save those front row passes for you when were back on the road.
The guys face lit up instantly. THANK YOU. I wish I dealt with more patients like you. He replied genuinely, giving me a small wave before running off. 
Once the male nurse was out of ear shot, Cale brought his forehead to meet mine. The only thing in between our skin was the bandage around my head, which I was sure the doctor was going to take off before I got released.
Before he could blink, my arms encircled him, trying to be as gentle as I could, knowing he had a lot more damage to his body than I did. 
Does that hurt? I murmured against his ear. 
Could be worse, he replied in a whisper, kissing me softly on my cheek. I think youre my remedy.
Really? My lips parted, and he took advantage of that to kiss me. It wasnt long, more like a peck, but that was all I needed. Cale was okay, and we were all lucky we were doing as well as we were. Im the one who landed you in the hospital.
Cale gazed into my eyes with a hint of frustration. No. Do not ever blame yourself for what happened. You hear me, Bryn Schaefler? They said I was lucky to be alive. I got shot centimeters from my heart. Doctor said typically a lot of people die from a shot like that. 
Im just glad to see you. I sighed. This has been the worst few days of my life. 
I never stopped thinking of you, Cale admitted. After I had my surgery to get the bullet out of my chest, the first words I said were, I want to see Bryn. I hate not seeing you, knowing youre sitting here in this hospital bed in pain.
I scratched my arm, leaning into Cale. It was a minor concussion and loss of blood. This bandage is so uncomfortable. Im ready to take it off right now and say screw it
Cale snickered. He whispered into my ear and said Ill take more than that off. 
Cale Pelton I outta slap you for that! I teased. But Im too scared to even touch you unless its like, a fingertip. Yup, he was back alright. 
We sat together and ate our breakfast, not really talking about the incident, or how I knew that Brayden had died that day. I was just happy to have Cale beside me again. I looked forward to the late winter tour just for that reason. We were upgrading to a new bus before then, and he was trying to find a bus with a bedroom. 
Before I knew it, the male nurse(I learned his name was Ken) came back in, wheeling Cale back to his room so the doctor could run a few more tests. 
Ill see you in a few hours, babe. He leaned up from the wheelchair to give me a long kiss. He quickly sat back down afterword, cursing under his breath and grabbing his leg. I told him I loved him and he was on his way. 
Chapter 2: Playing with Fire
Cale
Youre playing with fire
Surely, you shouldve known
That karma is a bitch 
And Im just getting started
Remind me never to get shot again. 
Or stabbed for that matter. 
The pain even after I left the hospital was insane, almost unbearable. It felt like no matter what way I moved my body, I would be in some sort of agony. Usually, Im a tough ass when it comes to this stuff. Ive had my fair share of fights and getting beat up. But knowing that someone operated on my chest to take a bullet damn near my heart, it was scary to go out and do anything. I had to get rested for the tour in January. There was no choice in that. 
It had been a week since the shooting at the festival. I was still recovering, much to the help of my old friend: pain killers. The doctor knew about my past and my addiction to pain killers, so he gave me a long lecture before being released about taking each pill ACCORDING to what is listed on the bottle. 
That was hard enough. 
All five of us guys were back in the apartment again as well, Tyler moving his stuff back from his parents mansion. With two of us being laid up trying to rest and recover, Vince, Luke and Raptor tried their best to help us out. But I hated feeling like I was a charity case, having someone watch me constantly drove me fucking insane. 
You know, Tyler piped up as we were all eating take out Chinese food. We havent had a night out where it has been just us guys in a long time. I mean since before you socked me in the face, bud
Since Tyler had been back in the group, Id learned slowly but surely to let the whole Lucy cheating on me thing go. Tyler was my best friend and I wasnt going to ruin a friendship and hold a grudge over a girl I had been with. Even if the two of us were together for as long as we were and I really had loved her, and still do. That was the past. I was just glad we were all like one big happy dysfunctional family again. Now she was just like one of my sisters.
Why dont we go to Crabby Petes? Luke suggested. And go surprise your girlfriend. She wont even know how to handle five drunk guys pounding on her door.
I chuckled. Being the nice girl that she was, Bryn would probably welcome us in and tell us to sleep on the floor or the couch. I dont think I can handle alcohol for a while. But I am down for some of their burgers, even though we just ate.
Well, you or Tyler can drive, while the rest of us have some fun and pick up some girls. Vince ordered. I need to see some women other than Bryn and my family. 
Why dont you guys just go then? You can take the van and one of you just dont drink. Now I was sounding like an old person. I had more than enough reasons for not wanting to drink. I knew as soon as I had one, it would escalate. 
Raptor walked up and patted my shoulder hard, causing me to flinch. Oh please, you can at least come out with us. If you cant handle us, Bryns right down the road. He had a valid point. I considered just walking from Crabby Petes over to Lozanos just so I could see her. 
I suppose. I grumbled, getting up from the dining room table to throw away my container of food. You coming too, Ty?
Tyler took a bite of his eggroll, shrugging. I sure as hell dont want to be here by myself. Lets do it, boys. 
The five of us changed clothes, cleaned up the place, and took off in the van for Crabby Petes. I hadnt been there since we held our band auditions back in June. The first place I saw Bryn. The place was absolutely packed, but wasnt surprising considering it was a Saturday night. Pete, the owner, noticed us coming in from where he was standing behind the bar and lifted his arm up to wave. 
Sure you dont want anything to drink? Raptor asked Tyler and I as we saw a table close to the bar open up. 
I shook my head. Im good, Rap. Thanks. But Raptor never took no for an answer. Hed sure as hell be back within a matter of minutes with a pitcher of beer just for me. 
I might just get a shot of Jack. Tyler replied, and Raptor, Vince and Luke headed up to the bar.
I guess you can just call us crippled old men, I told Tyler. He threw his head back and laughed. 
No shit, Sherlock. Now we just need canes! he said sarcastically. So hows Bryn doing with her head?
I had taken the trip to see Bryn a couple of times in the past week. Shed been very quiet about what happened. Every time I tried to bring up her brothers death, she changed the subject to something else. Like how she was nervous about touring in a few months. I wouldnt push it any farther past that. We would hold each other and watch movies on TV or Id bring them over from the apartment.  
Shes better, I said. Hasnt really said much about it all. I dont know if she knows how Brayden died. I tried telling her, but she wont listen to any of it.
Well, I wouldnt want to hear how he put the barrel in his mouth and shot himself either. 
If she knows, that explains why shes distant.
Give her time. Tyler ran a hand through his hair. Should text her and tell her to come down here. I mean she still cant drink or anything, but at least she wont be bored at her place by herself.
I think she said shes helping out Louisa tonight, but Ill text her. I pulled out my phone. 
Me: What are you up to B?
Almost instantly I had a reply. 
Bryn: Just got off. Heading upstairs now. 
I smirked at her reply. She didnt realize some of the things she said came out just plain dirty, and if I was drinking at that moment, I would have been at her place in seconds. 
Me: Just got off huh? I hope you meant work. 
Bryn: Oh please Mr. Dirty Minded. Youd like that wouldnt you?
Me: Damn right. But were down at Crabby Petes you should walk down. 
Bryn: Let me change than Ill see. Love you 
Me: Love you more
Is B coming down? Vince asked, finally bringing back our drinks. They got me a water, and I chugged it down within seconds. 
Yeah. I nodded. I just texted her. She just got out of work so she was going to go change.
Heck yesss this will be absolutely amazing! Luke bellowed. From the way he was already swaying, I could tell he had a couple of shots at the bar. This was going to be interesting.
How much have you had to drink already, Luke? Tyler turned to ask him. 
He shrugged. Only like, two shots, you ass. Petes my buddy, he hooked us all up. 
I looked down at the platter of shot glasses on our table and furrowed my eyebrows. This was exactly what I was trying to avoid tonight and they knew that. As I eyed the glasses Raptor was pushing my way, I tried to weigh my options. I mean, I knew I could hold my liquor and I more than likely wouldnt have a hangover in the morning, so that was a good thing. 
The bad? I didnt want Bryn to see me like that. 
If she were strictly my bandmate, itd be a different story. But she was my girlfriend. I didnt want to say anything around her that Id regret. 
Heres to a fun night out, I said reluctantly, grabbing two shot glasses filled with tequila and swallowing down one glass of liquid after the other. It burned as it made its way down my throat and to my stomach. 
Thats my boy! Vince patted me hard on the back. Knew youd give in at some point!
We ordered a big plate of Irish nachos to split between all of us, and ate as we watched people get up to do karaoke. It felt like dj vu, bringing me back to the night in Iowa when everyone on the last tour went out to eat and sing karaoke. It was also the night we got the call from RockOut records. 
I excused myself to the bathroom after watching people slaughter some of my favorite songs. When I was heading back to the table, I felt a pair of arms wrap around me from behind and a head resting on my back. 
Let me guess, I teased, knowing fully who it was. Youre either some kind of crazy fan or you must be my girlfriend.
Dammit, Cale it was supposed to be a surprise! She smiled widely as I turned around to face her, still holding her hands. She knew how to clean up quick. Her black hair was pinned to one side and she had some green eye shadow on to match her emerald eyes. She had on a slim fitting, navy striped long-sleeved shirt and baggy jeans. 
I know those hands better than anyone, love, I remarked, and she stood up on her tip toes so she could kiss me. I let go of her hands, placing them around my back as I brought her closer. So what if she bumped against my shotgun and stab wounds? Tonight I really didnt care. Maybe it was the alcohol telling me that. She tried to pull back, but I only moved her body closer to mine, leaving no room to breathe. 
Our lips met again, but it was different. I felt a sense of urgency, like Bryn had to kiss me right then and there at that exact moment. She opened her mouth as my tongue eased its way in to meet hers. I hadnt felt this in a long time. I needed this kiss. I needed the touch. Just to know that Bryn felt the same way about me as I did about her. 
I lived for this girl ever since I met her and I didnt plan on stopping for a long damn time. 
We both pulled away after someone near the bar shouted, Get a damn room! 
Covering her beet red face, Bryn started to giggle. Thats got to be a first. 
I tried hard not to laugh. Why are you hiding your face, pretty girl? Theyre just jealous it wasnt them in my spot just now. 
Im not used to this kind of thing
You mean kissing in public until someone tells you to stop?
Basically, She admitted. Ethan was more of a wait until were alone kind of boyfriend.
I snickered, leading her over towards our table. I had never met this Ethan guy, and I never wanted to. He embarrassed my girlfriend in front of hundreds of people she went to school with and never even apologized for it. If I ever saw this prick or so much found out what he looked like, Id make him apologize for what he did. 
Warning, B, everyone besides Tyler has had a drink, so if they sound like
HEY BRYNS HERE! BOUT TIME! Vince yelled, raising the glass that was in his hand. Half the people in the place glared in our direction. 
Shut up, dude, youll get us in trouble, Tyler scolded, but Vince paid no attention. 
IVE GOT A SHOT CALLING YOUR NAME, B COME ONNN! Vince continued, raising his voice even higher. 
After giving all the guys a hug, Bryn sat down and pushed the drink Vince gave her away. Im not getting myself into trouble here, guys, she said. Im still underage.
Didnt matter on the tour. Now it does? Vince questioned. 
Leave it be. I put a hand up to Vinces chest. Lets just have fun. Some of us can have fun without drinking.
Except youre the one who just had a couple of shots, Tyler retorted, trying to hold back laughter. I could tell it hurt him to laugh from the way he clutched the side where he had his broken ribs. Looks like Ill be the DD tonight.
Bryn patted Tylers hand, which made me extremely uncomfortable. Ill be your sober friend for tonight, Tyler. That just made me sick. Tyler ate shit like that up, so Bryn saying that to him was only going to fill up his ego and give him false hope with Bryn. He already knew from day one she was mine so he needed to back off. 
Sounds like a plan. He smiled back, his eyes lingering a little too long on her lips. I recognized that look. I did the exact same thing when she auditioned for us back in June. All I could pay attention to was her lips and how she sang so effortlessly while playing her acoustic guitar. There was nothing sexier than a girl who could play an instrument. Add the voice into the mix, and thats my dream girl. Tyler turned his attention back over to me. Now why dont you get your ass up there and do some karaoke?
I snorted. Ill show you up, tough guy. How about whoever gets the crowd riled up more gets a free dinner anywhere in town tomorrow.
I knew Tyler would be up for it. When we challenged each other, he never backed down. 
Game on, brother.
***
Bryn
I had a serious problem. 
Why was it that guys that could sing turned me on so much? I watched Cale challenge Tyler to a karaoke battle. Winner got a free dinner wherever they chose. That was fine, I was excited to see who was going to pull out all the stops and kick the other ones ass, but goodness gracious
I never knew Tyler Donahue could sing. 
Cale sang first, though. He chose Spoonman by Soundgarden, which I never knew he liked until then. Some of the people at Crabby Petes recognized who he was because a couple of girls closer to my age bombarded the small stage where he was singing. I rolled my eyes at their attempt to claim his attention, dancing against each other proactively and holding hands while doing it. 
Is that how I have to be or something? I whispered to Tyler, who was sitting beside me with a scowl on his face. I wouldnt tell him this, but I liked how he furrowed his eyebrows and scowled when he got mad or frustrated. It made him look attractive. Me and my odd mind. 
Hell no, he whispered back. I actually think I recognize those girls from school, of all things. Dont end up like them please. Youre too much of a good girl and thats a good thing. 
I sat back and smiled. A good girl. I didnt always want to be good. In fact, when I left my parents house in the first place, they made me as bad as they come in their world. My eyes landed on Cale and how, as always, he commanded the stage, no matter how small it was. His long sleeve brown Henley fit snug on his chest, showing his muscles every time he moved around. When he hit the high notes in the song, I knew Tyler would have some tough competition. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him squirm in his seat. 
The crowd erupted into claps and girls laughtercheesy giggles. Cale bowed and waved to everyone before maneuvering his way back to our table. I stood up and kissed him on the lips, knowing that those girls up in front of him were watching with much disappointment. 
Damn, Ill do this more often, Cale growled against my lips, reaching for the shot glass sitting on the table. I take it you liked it, B?
Well, I had to stake my claim, I told him. Those girls looked like they wanted to pounce on you at any moment. They needed to know you were taken.
Yup. Definitely doing this again. I love this side of you. Totally a turn on, Cale murmured, leaving a quick peck on my lips once again. Alright, Donahue, your turn now. Ill be thinking of my dinner picks while you bomb your performance. 
My votes on Tyler, Luke stuck up for Tyler, offering him the last shot glass. Tyler reluctantly took it and swallowed the liquid instantly. 
Now that Ive gone against my word about drinking Tyler rolled his shoulders up and down, and cracking his neck, he high fived the other guys as he strolled up to where the big song book was to pick out his music. While he was waiting, I watched a girl get on stage and do an old Britney Spears song, taking me back to my before the preteen days. Tyler looked back and I saw his eyes land on mine, winking at me before he told the DJ his pick. 
Ive got this in the bag Cale shouted to our group of people, and I slapped him on the arm. What, babe? Its the truth! You havent heard Tyler sing, have you?
I shook my head. Doesnt matter, Mister Im So Sure of Myself. Youre only saying that because hes competition. I stuck my tongue out at him and Cale nudged me in my side. 
Youre damn right, he admitted, sliding down in between Raptor and Vince as I stayed standing. Tyler walked onstage, taking the microphone from the girl before him. I watched her bat her eyelashes and stick out her chest to gain his attention, but Tylers gaze remained on her face. 
As the intro to the music kicked in, Tyler growled into the microphone, Hows everyone doing tonight? Hands shot up. People shouted incoherent words in unison. This one goes out to my band mates back by the bar. Love you guys. Everyone turned to look at us as soon as he said band members, probably thinking we were famous people or something. 
Man in the Box by Alice in Chains played, and Cale muttered swear words in response. My head was bopping along to the music, but my mind was blown away when Tyler opened his mouth to sing. 
Im the man in the box he sang, channeling the bands late lead singer as he transformed into a completely different person. Holy hell could he sing. His voice was different from Cales. It had a grit to it that Cale didnt have. It sounded more gravely, reminding me of a mix between the lead singer of The Goo Goo Dolls and Layne Staley. 
Id be damned if I wasnt completely in love with his voice. 
As he hit the last chorus, almost the entire bar was standing right by the stage, guys and girls. He was putting on a rock show and it was only karaoke. 
I guess he really wanted that free dinner. 
When the song was done, we all knew who won Cales so called challenge. 
Told you he was no good, Cale said to me, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning back into his seat. 
You kidding? That was amazing, I said. Tyler came back to the table and the guys hugged him and pat him on the back, trying to avoid his recovering ribs. Tyler walked over to me and pulled me into a tight bear hug. What about your ribs? I asked, as he pulled away. 
Im recovering, thats all I give a shit about, Tyler joked. Then he faced Cale. So who do you think won that free dinner, Pelton?
Cales expression turned from frumpy to happy seconds later as he gave Tyler a one armed hug. I guess the best man won. And coming from me, thats a big compliment.
Tyler pretended to bow, touching a hand to his heart. Oh Im so honored, he mocked. The two of them started cracking up. 
The rest of my night was spent watching Cale go against his word about getting drunk. By the time midnight came around, I knew they all should get home or else they would close Crazy Petes down. I didnt even know if I was supposed to be in there at that time anyways. 
Do you want me to walk you home? Cale asked as we held hands, walking down the sidewalk. It was just starting to snow so I was thankful for the short distance back to the loft. 
I shook my head. Dont worry about it, I replied, slipping my free hand into my pocket to keep it warm. It was good to get out with you guys tonight.
Cale ran a hand through his hair, stumbling slightly. I missed spending time with you, B. This past week has been hell. I just cant wait to feel normal again and not have to take these pain meds.
My head rested against the crook of his neck as we shared our moment of silence. Looking into his amber eyes, I said softly, I love you.
Cale kissed me on the nose, his lips moving slowly to each cheek, dipping down to my lips. I let him in, tasting the last shot of tequila he had on his breath. His hand separated from mine to move around to cup my backside, ramming me into him. 
Jeez, I said, ending the long kiss. Eager, huh?
Like you wouldnt believe. He breathed against my ear, sending shivers through my body. I love knowing I do things like that to you. Either that, or youre cold because you didnt wear a winter coat, silly.
Its not even that far of a walk! I shouted playfully. Ill be fine. I plan to take a nice long relaxing bubble bath when I get back and curl up
Cale put a hand up to his heart as if he was hurt. What? All of that without me? 
Oh stop with the dramatics, I scoffed, wrapping my arms around his neck, kissing the spot above his lips. Text me later.
He winked. I plan to.
Vince, Luke, Raptor and Tyler caught up to us, bringing me into a group hug. 
Owww. You guys, let me go! I squealed, as each one of them took turns ruffling up my hair. 
You love it! Dont lie, Raptor said in return. 
Seriously though, Im cold and Im walking home. Now go. I shooed them along, and we said our goodbyes. Cale was running ahead of the rest of them, calling shot gun since Tyler was the driver.
Tyler stayed behind. He waited until the guys were in the car before, slipping off the parka he had on and handing it to me. 
Here, he said, as I reluctantly took the parka from him. I dont care if its a block or a mile, you better wear this. I put the parka on and zipped it up. It was a little big, but it was the thought that counted. 
Thank you, Ty. But what about you?
Ahhh, Im hot-blooded. Plus that van has amazing heat. You just be careful since its icy out and what not. He looked so sweet and innocent at that moment, his black hair kept under a Red Wings cap, and his white long-sleeved shirt already appearing wet from the falling snowflakes. 
Alright. But thank you again. I smiled, starting to walk in the opposite direction. 
Bryn! he yelled, still standing in the same spot as I was just about ready to cross the street. 
Yeah?
Text me later, will you?
I was wondering why Tyler was being extremely friendly with me all of a sudden. Hed always been nice since we met back in the recording studio, but tonight I especially noticed something different about how he was acting.
Of course. See ya later!
The second I got home, I peeled off all of my clothes, heading straight towards the bathtub. Where was the hot cocoa when I needed it? That sounded so amazing: a hot bubble bath and a mug of hot cocoa. Id have to remember that for next time. I stepped into the tub feet first, letting the warmth take me over. After a minute of soaking, I reached over for my phone to text Cale. 
Me: Did you make it home?
Cale: Mhmmmm. Saw Ty boy gave you his coat
Me: Yeah didnt have a choice, but it did help.
Cale: Im sorry B. If I was wearing one I wouldve gave it to you. 
Me: Its okay Cale, dont worry about it. Were both safe and sound, thats all that matters. 
As I was waited for Cale to text me back, another text popped in from Tyler. 
Tyler: Did you get that bubble bath you wanted?
I giggled, sending him back a reply, questioning why would he even care? 
Me: I am doing that now as a matter of fact.
Tyler: Cales all hot and bothered after hearing thathaha
Me: Not surprising!
Tyler: You working tomorrow too?
Me: Yep. I told Louisa Id help train a new waitress for her. 
Tyler: Okay.
Me: Just okay?
Tyler: I might take Cale up on that free dinner at your place.
Me: Sounds good. Just dont embarrass me! Lol just kidding. But Im going to get back to enjoying my bath.
Tyler: Alright B sorry to bug ya, sleep well.
I enjoyed the rest of my bubble bath in complete silence minus my periodic humming of whatever song that was in my head. After drying off with a towel, I slipped on a nightshirt, putting the towel in the hamper next to me. For this time of night, Downtown was surprisingly quiet with hardly any honking horns or drunken idiots screaming in the street, and I was thankful because I was so tired. 
Before I lay down for the night, I took a couple of pain pills for my head. The doctor warned me with my mild concussion that I was going to have moderate to extremely painful headaches. So he prescribed me some medicine to take for a few weeks until I went back for a checkup. I never took medicine usually for anything, but if I wanted to be alright for the big headlining tour coming up. I had to listen to what the doctor said. 
Chapter 3: Time
Cale
All we need is time
And well conquer this world 
Just like how it should be
Just you and me
It was the beginning of December when I finally broke down. 
Today my mom was going to meet Bryn for the first time. And I was completely nervous.
Like the kind of nervous where my hands got clammy and my forehead broke out in sweat I hadnt gotten that nervous since playing with the guys back in the beginningwhen we were more worried about playing shows than attending gym class.
I talked to my mom the night before night, and when I told her my idea she was more than happy. She was ecstatic. 
Im going to have the girls help me clean every inch of this house! We have to be presentable And she went on and onbut thats how my mom was. She was always trying to please other people before herself. 
Dont worry about it, Mom. Bryn will love you guys, I promised. Are you going to make that chicken wrapped in bacon?
Well its up to the guest of honor, Mister, Mom scolded me. But from what youve been telling me about her, I think thats a good choice. Sadie wanted to make some cherry cheesecake too, so tell Bryn to come hungry.
That was the one thing I missed about living with my mom and sisters. We never once in our lives went hungry. Mom had taught us how to cook young, and she always tried to give us a full course meal. I hadnt visited them as much as I wanted to lately with touring and recording, so I was glad I was going to see them today. 
Bryn: Should I dress formal or wear like a sweater and jeans?
Me: You dont have any of your old dresses from home do ya?
Bryn: Heck nooo. I dropped them off to a thrift store. 
Me: Well then sweater and jeans is fine. Ill come pick you up in a bit babe. Love you. 
Bryn: Love you too.
Blaring the stereo with some Rev Theory, I pulled my Focus into the parking spot in front of Bryns loft.  Before I could even turn the car off, she came running downstairs, outside into the cold. I looked down at her feet and she was wearing some kind of high heeled boots. My first thought was shes going to slip and fall on the sidewalk running like that. But I remembered she had worn heels for most of her life so she was good.
I hurried up and leapt out in time to open the passenger door for her.
You look amazing, B, I whispered into her ear. She truly did. Underneath her black puffy coat I could see a long grey sweater paired with black jeans. And of course her knee high black heeled boots. I gave her a lingering kiss on the cheek before helping her into her seat. 
Going back to my side and buckling my seat belt, she blurted out, Im really nervous.
My free hand lay on her thigh, running circles against the fabric covering them. Dont be, Bryn. My mom and my sisters will love you, I assured her. I didnt even tell you what my moms making, did I?
Bryn shook her head. No, is it some sort of surprise? 
Not really. Well I hope youll like it. Shes making her signature grilled chicken wrapped in bacon. She sprinkles cheese all over them too and makes this special buttermilk ranch to dip it in. You will not go home hungry, thats all Ill say. 
I held her hand the rest of the short drive. After getting through downtown traffic, we maneuvered down a couple of more side roads, turning into the subdivision I had lived almost my whole life. 
Bryn turned so she could look out the window at the houses we passed by. As she did, her stomach growled loud and clear for me to hear. Her face flushed red and she mouthed Sorry. I guess you can tell I havent eaten much of anything today.
Trust me hun, my mom typically cooks for an army so youll be moaning from eating too much within a few hours. I reassured her. 
Seconds later, we were pulling into the four car driveway. I turned off the ignition, getting out of the car so I could open the door for Bryn again. I had told myself I always needed to fight for this girl, and that meant showing her I knew how to be a gentleman.  
Im in love with this place already, she gushed, her eyes flickering from the wrap-around porch to the grey shade of brick that the house was made out of. It certainly wasnt a mansion by any means, but it was the best home I couldve grew up in. I couldnt wait until the snow cleared so I could show her the rest of the property, which went about three acres out back. You really grew up here? 
Mhmm. I lived here my whole life until I moved out with the band, I explained as we walked hand in hand to the door. Bryns hand gripped mine tighter as we heard my mom shouting, Im coming, Im coming!
 Shes just happy to meet you thats all, I reassured Bryn as the door opened. 
Oh my goodness. Finally we get to meet you! My mom shrieked, taking Bryn from me and giving her a warm, caring hug. She had on a red Christmas sweater, and her copper hair pinned back. Im Joann Pelton. Cales mom. 
Bryn looked back at me, then smiled at my mom. Its nice to meet you too, Mrs. Pelton. Im Bryn.
You are too sweet, honey. Just call me Joann. Mrs. Pelton makes me feel older than I really am. Mom chuckled, walking up to me and standing on her tip toes to give me a kiss on the forehead. Both of you look so nice today, I feel so underdressed. 
Dont say that. I hope I look as beautiful as you are after I have kids, Bryn admitted. She never once mentioned about getting married or having kids. At least since weve known each other. But then again she was only 18, for goodness sake. 
Thank you, sweetie. But come on in. Mom gestured us to come into the living room. The girls are running around doing something. I told them you were here.
FINALLY! I heard a shriek, and sure enough, it was the three musketeers running from the family room out to greet us. 
Shes even prettier in person, Danielle said to me, coming up to Bryn to shake her hand. Her long Brown hair twisted into a French braid down her back. She was about Bryns height with no shoes on, her amber eyes coated in way too much makeup just for dinner with my girlfriend. Its nice to finally meet you. After all the times Cale has talked about bringing you over, he actually does.
Ive heard a lot about you guys too. Its good to put faces to the names, Bryn responded, her eyes lighting up. My sisters gave Bryn the grand tour of the house while I went into the kitchen with my mom. 
Sooo. she started to say as she uncovered the platter of chicken, setting it onto the counter. Shes stunning.
Tell me something I dont know, Mom. 
I know. Im a pretty lucky guy, I said truthfully. Sometimes I really wonder how I got her to join the band. Shes an amazing player. A lot better than we expected.
My mom tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and looked at me with her warm, motherly smile. It was your gut telling you there was something about her. I can tell by the way you look her, my son. Youre smitten and its good to see that. I know you had a hard time with Lucy and Im so happy you have Tyler back and now Bryn. She seems like a sweetheart.
I nodded. Oh she is. She puts up with my ass on a near daily basis and hasnt left yet! We talked for another minute or so, and then the girls strolled back into the kitchen. 
Mom! Alexandria said. She was smaller, more petite than the rest of us, rounding up to 54. I always used to tease her when she was little, calling her short stuff. Bryn said shed come play in my guitar class sometime! When I heard that, my eyes darted over to Bryn. She looked at me and shrugged as if she was saying, Why not? 
Thats great, Alex. Mom patted her on the shoulder. I bet all the other kids will love seeing a rock star in the flesh.
Bryn took that compliment to heart. Oh, Im no rock star
Thats when I interjected. Please. You command that stage better than I can. Youll totally overpower Kallie Cooper this tour
Bryn cringed as soon as I said her name. Kallie Cooper was the lead singer of Angels from Hell, another band on our label. I had met Kallie a few years ago when we opened for them on an east coast tour. She was a very demanding girl, to say the least, but an incredible talent and hot as hell. When I had originally mentioned them coming on our next tour, the guys were all for it since we had performed with them before. But apparently Bryn had in her head that Kallie was going to try to steal me away from her because she heard things about Kallie burning through guys like wildfire. 
It would never happen. 
Of course, because she relies on her looks to sell her band instead of talent, Bryn said. Although I do think they have some good music. Dont get me wrong
Its time to eat, Mom said, interrupting our conversation and gesturing for us to go into the dining room. 
Four hours later, after a full three course meal and a game of Pictionary, I made up the excuse that we had practice early in the morning, so we had to go. 
My sisters were pissed Bryn had to leave. Danielle had even offered to give up her bed just so Bryn could spill the beans about how bad I was on tour. They were always trying to dig up dirt on me so they could use it against me when I made fun of them. But it was all in good fun. 
You need to come over before you guys leave again, Alexandria pleaded. I like this girl, big brother. Better keep her.
I chuckled, wrapping her into a big bear hug. I plan to, Alex. Dont worry. 
It was nice to meet all of you, Bryn said, giving everyone a hug and kiss on the cheek before we headed back to the apartment. 
Bryn messed with the radio, settling on a heavy metal station. Sitting back into the seat, she breathed a sigh of relief. That was intense.
I looked at her, raising an eyebrow. You think!? But hey, you know now that they love you. Its pretty big when Dani is offering her sanctuary to you just so youll stay. 
Bryn giggled, leaning over to kiss me on the lips as I was driving. I cant even tell you how good it felt to feel sowelcome. I never felt like this when I was at home with my parents and She wanted to say Brayden, but after his private cremation ceremony, Bryn vowed to never speak his name again. I felt like a part of your family.
You know I love you, right?? I asked her as we pulled up to my apartment. The lights were still on, so that meant someone had to still be awake. 
Of course. And I love you too, she said sweetly, taking the keys out of the ignition for me, and hopping over into the drivers seat so she was now straddling my lap. We had played it safe ever since what happened with Brayden, but I was tired of holding back on this girl. I had so much love for Bryn, and I would gladly show her every second of every day just how much I cared about her. 
The guys are probably staring at us from the window. I gestured towards the second floor of the apartment complex. They were heckling me before I left about bringing Bryn back to the apartment to hang out, since usually I never brought her there. We stuck around downtown and her loft. 
So what? she breathed, her mouth claiming mine for a kiss. I kissed her back, letting my tongue roam into her mouth as my hands reached around to rest under her sweater, just above the top of her jeans. I could feel all of the pent up sexual tension disappear as we continued what hadnt been done in weeks. I secretly wished I could kick the guys out so we could have the place for ourselves. Normally, I wouldnt have minded kissing her and doing other x rated things in my car, but we tried to keep the PDA to a minimum when we were around the band and practicing. 
Okay, okay. I tried to breathe out Bryn sat up straight on my lap. She had a certain look in her eye, and I knew what it meant. She was ready. Lets try and sneak into my room without them knowing. Im not going to let our first time in weeks be in the front seat of my car. Bryn was the kind of girl who deserved nothing but the best. My best certainly wouldnt be in the position we were in now. 
She nodded, carefully climbing off my lap and sitting back into the other seat. Like thatll work. You live with four other guys. One of them will see me walk into your bedroom and interrogate us and you know it, she teased. 
They can suck it for all I care at this second, I scoffed, opening my door and hurrying over to Bryns side so I could get her out of the car. Shutting her door, I continued, All I know is we have both waited way too long for our own good and I need you way too much right now. 
***
Bryn
Surprisingly enough, the guys were all in their bedrooms with the doors shut, minus Raptor, when Cale and I walked into the apartment hand in hand.
Hey, Rap. I waved as Cale drug me along to his room. 
Hey, B. Pelton, Ill kick your ass if youre too loud in there. Im watching a good movie! Raptor yelled to Cale. He turned around and smirked, giving Raptor the middle finger. 
Dont worry, buddy, he said, slamming the door behind us. Throwing me against the door, Cales hands went directly for the buttons on my jeans.
Been way too long, he murmured against my neck as he unzipped my jeans and let me step out of them. I kicked them aside as his fingers started fumbling with the bottom of my sweater.
Shhh, remember? I put a finger to his lips. Rap said hes watching a good movie.
I dont care, Cale scoffed. All I care about is this girl right in front of me. And I feel like youre trying to delay the inevitable. Oh man I loved this guy. He stood in front of me, his amber eyes turning a few shades darker as he started leaving a trail of kisses down my neck. I tilted my head to the side, giving him easier access as he continued down to my collarbone and looked up at me. 
Shouldnt we go to the bed? I reminded him. 
His hands gripped onto my hips and lifted me up so my legs could wrap around his waist. I dug my nails into his shirt as he maneuvered us to his king sized bed without a word. Laying me down so my head hit the pillow softly, he hovered above me, just watching me await his next move. 
I tugged him down by the collar of his shirt, crushing my lips to his. He pulled away only to slip his shirt over his head. I let my fingers carefully touch his newest tattoo, one that he got after the incident. It was on his side and it read in fancy Victorian letters: Tomorrows never promised. He wanted a reminder that he needed to take life more seriously and cherish everyone around him. Including me. 
His lips came back to mine as we kissed with every last little bit of passion that we had. His fingers dipped into my panties and two of them found their way inside of me. 
Shit, Cale cursed under his breath. I wont be able to stop this, B. You feel like heaven right now
My head fell backwards as I tried to keep my moans of appreciation to a dull. Since there were five other guys in this place, I didnt want anyone to hear me scream, especially since they were my band mates. Awkward. 
Ineed
What, Bryn? What do you need? Cale asked, out of breath. His fingers continued to move in and out of my core, sending me into my first orgasm in what felt like forever. My body shuddered as he removed his fingers from me and licked the juices off. 
I need you, I whispered. 
I saw a different look in Cales eyes. He seemed ready to devour me without any warning. I had never seen him as sexy as when he stood beside the bed and looked at me like I was his own private desert. He reached into the nightstand and pulled out an unopened box of condoms. 
This is just proof that Ive been with no one else in a very long time. Cale held the box out to me. 
What about that girl on the bus? I reminded him. He had slept with this girl in my bed one night on tour and I remember sleeping on the couch, completely pissed off at him.  
Ahhh, touch. That was one night. He unzipped his pants and let them fall to his feet. Kicking them off, he jumped onto the bed and lay beside me. 
Why are we even talking about that anyway? I wondered. 
Cale ran his hand through my hair, gazing into my eyes. You brought it up, pretty lady. I was in the middle of my own dirty thoughts.
Dirty thoughts, huh? 
He smirked, guiding one of my hands down to in between his legs, where his bulging erection was sticking out of his boxers for the whole world to see. Well me. The gears in my head were turning like lighting, just imagining the feeling of him inside of me, making me scream so everyone in the complex would know what was going on. 
Do you feel that?  He whispered. He let go of my hand and I started rubbing him hard just to tease him. It teased me even more. My panties were soaked again just feeling how ready he was for me. Are you sure you want to?
Both my hands went around to his shoulders, pulling him hard so his body collapsed onto mine. 
That was a pretty stupid question, I told him. Digging my nails into his back, I told him Just shut up and fuck me before I change my mind.
***
Best feeling in the world?
Waking up wrapped in Cales arms. Completely naked and under the warm covers. 
After the long night we had, I was relieved to be able to sleep, knowing he was still right here beside me. I could get used to doing this every day for the rest of my life. 
Was it too soon to be thinking that way?
Mmmm Cale groaned, stretching his body out and nuzzling his face into the back of my neck. Youre awake I take it?
I turned so I faced him. Still in his arms, I kissed him passionately on the lips. Is that a good enough answer? 
I suppose. I know what would be even better he taunted, bringing one of his hands to my backside, squeezing it roughly. When he saw the look on my face he clarified, I didnt mean thatjeeez. I meant you should get out and cook me some breakfast.
I glared at him and slapped him on the shoulder. What am I, your maid?
He simply smiled. I never said that.
You would totally like that, wouldnt you?
I think I might have one of those French maid costumes somewhere
I removed myself from his embrace, getting out of bed. I threw my sweater at him that was lying on the floor, landing square on his face. Youre such a man, I joked, reaching for a t-shirt of his that was sitting on top of his dresser and slipping it over my head. 
Cale followed suit, striding towards mestark naked at thatand rested his head underneath my chin. 
Thats because I am a guy, B, he replied, whispering against my bare skin. I could feel his morning wood hard and ready for round two brushing against my leg. That just proves it.
Right then, we heard a loud knock at Cales door. 
WHAT DO YOU WANT, FUCKER? Cale shouted, letting go of me so he could find some clothes in the closet. 
Thats harsh. I heard the voice on the other side. It sounded a lot like Raptor. Tyler made some breakfast. Come out and get it before the bimbos get to it.
I glanced up at Cale and mouthed bimbos?
Guys mustve had some company over, Cale replied. Its been going on a lot more lately and pisses me off.
I giggled. But here you are with your girlfriend in your bedroom. Is it any different?
He shook his head Pft. Of course it is. None of these guys have girlfriends, and if they do, theyre damn good at keeping it a secret.
How many? Cale asked Raptor. The way he said it made it seem like this was a routine occurrence.
Three. Thats why I said you better get out here before its gone, Raptor said. 
Alright, well be right out bud, Cale called to him. You heard him. He smiled, roughing up my hair. Youre off the hook this time. 
I found my panties on the floor next to the bed and slipped them on before Cale opened the door. The smell of maple syrup filled my nose as I saw shirtless Tyler busy in the kitchen, scrubbing a dirty pan, not paying attention to a girl that was wearing his night shirt and nothing else behind him.
He caught a glimpse of Cale and I walking out to say good morning. I watched him give me a once over. He eyes were glued to my chest; I used my free hand to cover myself the best I could, since I wasnt wearing a bra. 
Looks like you had a fun night, Cale taunted Tyler, patting him hard on the back. 
Tyler shoved him away nonchalantly as he threw the dirty washrag at him. Hey at least I was quiet about my business. He grinned. 
My cheeks flushed a deep tomato red. I turned around to run back towards Cales room to hide, when Tyler clarified, Dont worry, Bryn. Im just giving your boyfriend a hard time. Theres nothing to be embarrassed about.
Tylers girl started giving me the death stare from the sectional in the living room, where she was pouting since she wasnt getting any attention. I had never seen Tyler with a girl so I could never figure out his type. Even though that wasnt any of my business. This girl had shoulder length sandy blond hair, and a face with enough make up on it to cover a whole crew of clowns at the circus. No joke. I really wanted to ask her if she always had that much make up on because her face was a few shades darker than the rest of her visible skin. 
I decided Id try to be nice by sitting over beside her and attempt to make conversation. 
Im Bryn. I put on a fake smile, outstretching my hand. Her eyes looked down at my hand and she turned up her nose at me.
I already know who you are. I dont need an introduction, she snapped.
Who did this girl think she was? I tried to peer over the kitchen counter and see if Tyler and Cale saw what just happened, and sure enough they both sauntered over to where we were. 
Before either one could say anything, two other girls appeared from the bedrooms. At least these two were fully clothed, size too tight jeans, their boobs spilling out of their V-neck shirts, I wish I could knock some sense into these guys. 
Come on, Ginger, lets go since were chopped liver now that the princess is awake. The taller one spoke to the girl on the couch next to me. 
She lips pouted, crossed her arms, and made an Hmpf sound. 
But he promised
I didnt promise you anything, sugar. Tyler stepped in, grabbing her by the elbow and dragging her off of the couch. Now you can go with your friends and whenever I need anythingwhich will be never againIll get a hold of you.
Ginger landed by her friends, who immediately hovered over to her and started shooting daggers our way. 
And if you so much call my sister anything other than her name not princess, not bitch, not anything elseyoull be sorry. Now please forget you came here ladies and goodbye. The two guys pushed the group of girls out the door, much to the ones dismay, and slammed it shut. 
My eyes widened in surprise. 
You kicked them out? Luke asked in shock as he came out of his bedroom, running a hand through his messy red hair. I thought they were staying for food
Hell no, Tyler replied. My girl wanted to get snippy with Bryn and I decided that was enough of seeing their faces. Plus those other two were leaving anyways.
Vince popped up out of nowhere, sticking a hat onto his head as he plopped down beside me and gave me a brotherly hug. 
They were hot though, you got to admit it, Vince said.
You want my honest opinion? I asked, hand on his bare leg. They looked like hookers. Ive never seen one in person, but Ive seen them on TV and its like those three walked straight off the television screen.
Dammmmnn. Could be a little nicer, Luke told me, but I shook my head laughing. 
If you want girlfriends so badly, call up my friends, I suggested. If my memory serves me correctly, Luke and Raptor were getting pretty cozy with them before and after the show.  It had been my favorite night on the tour. I didnt know if I was going to see them on this tour since Gina and Bethany had been getting a lot more modeling gigs and barely had the time to even call, let alone text anymore. 
I almost forgot. Raptor chuckled, grabbing plates from the cupboard for all of us. You never did give me Ginas number by the way, he reminded me. 
And you never gave me Bethanys either, Bryn, Luke said. Youre slacking as our wing woman.  
I busted out laughing. You two are funny. Im not anyones wing woman. You couldve asked them yourselves when we were in Cali. How about next time I talk to them Ill pass you the phone. Does that make you feel better?
The two of them looked at each other, then me, shrugging. 
Better than nothing, Raptor replied. 
Okay seriously, you guys need to eat this shit before I throw it in the trash because its cold! Tyler interrupted. I caught his eye and he smiled. 
I never ate Tylers cooking until now, and I was quite impressed. He had made French toast, a bowl of scrambled eggs, bacon, and sausage patties. When I tried to comment on how good his cooking tasted, Cale tried to one up Tyler, saying hed cook an even better dinner. I wasnt surprised. One thing I learned about those two was that Cale always tried to beat Tyler in almost anythingat least when I was around. 
I thought he was just afraid Id cheat on him with Tyler like Lucy did. As much as I had love for Tyler and how much we had in commonmore so than the other guysI loved Cale. I didnt want to say I always would, because then I would jinx our relationship, but I could picture us spending forever together. 
After hanging out with the guys and finishing breakfast, I went back home, doubts filling my mind as soon as Cale mentioned he had to get a hold of Kallie Cooper and discuss the upcoming tour. Just hearing her name sent a surge of jealousy through my bones. I had no idea why I was so jealous of this girl, because I hadnt even met her before. Maybe once we get on tour Id be her friend. Or worst enemy. I looked up a picture of her at a magazine awards ceremony and she was prettier than Id ever be. She had dark red hair that she usually kept short between her chin and shoulders, and the most piercing almond shaped honey colored eyes. I had heard from the guys that she was shorter, around 5 foot 3, and I noticed that in pictures as well.
I called up Gina and Bethany when they said they werent busy and talked to them for the longest time. 
Raptor and Luke teased me because I didnt give them your numbers back in Cali, I explained. I could hear them both giggle in hysterics. 
Why didnt you? They were some nice eye candy! Gina whined. Not that there isnt any out here, but still. No one can beat the hotness of a rock star
Because Ive never seen either of them with a girlfriend since Ive known them. And youre my best friends. I just dont want you to get hurt.
Pft. I could care less about that, Bethany scoffed. Plus we might be coming back home, or at least Detroit in the near future.
WHAT! I shrieked, completely surprised about the news. For what? I thought you guys said you had a bunch of gigs out there!
Yeahhhbut were both homesick. I think I might try to actually find a real job somewhere, Gina said with a hint of sadness. They had told me stories about how bitchy some of the designers were out west and even with their size 2 bodies, they still werent good enough to fit into clothes. Something in my gut said more than likely it wasnt home sickness. 
Or you could just come on tour with us, I suggested. And be like the official Everlasting groupies...
Seriously? We could? Bethany asked. But would there be enough room for us on the bus?
Were getting a new one before the tour, I said. After the success wed had so far with the album and our video for You Were Young hitting almost five million views on YouTube, we figured wed celebrate by investing in a brand new bus. You wouldnt believe how hard that is for them. Theyve had it since High School.
Ohymgosh I cant believe this is happening! they both shouted, and I had to move away the phone from my ear for a second. Are you really sure they wont mind about having two extra girls hogging up their space?
Three girls on the tour bus versus one? I seriously doubted any of them would mind, even Cale. I didnt want to give them a guaranteed yes, but I knew itd be a pretty easy decision. It gave Raptor and Luke a chance to get to know them better and they could learn the ropes of being on tour.  Ill talk to them tomorrow when we meet up for practice.
Youre the best, seriously, Bethany said. Now Im really looking forward to coming home. Weve already scheduled an appointment to look through an apartment in Downtown Detroit and a few others in the area. We miss you.
I miss you too, I replied to my two best friends, and we all said goodbye. 
Having Gina and Bethany with me on this tour would be icing on the cake. Itd be like the three amigos all over again.
Chapter 4: Mayhem
Cale 
You want mayhem?
Well you got it
Im a walking basket case
Never know when Im going to crack 
New Years Eve was coming up in a couple of days and we were supposed to play a New Years Eve bash at a club in Cleveland along with Angels from Hell. This was the first time Bryn was going to meet Kallie and the rest of the group of her band. Christmas came and went smoother than I had ever imagined. Bryn spent the holidays at my moms house with me, and the other guys spent Christmas with their families. Of course we had our own little present giving time the day after, where I had given Bryn a silver necklace with her birthstone an Emeraldin the shape of a heart in the center of it. 
I felt sorry for Bryn. No matter how dysfunctional her family was, I knew spending Christmas with me wasnt the same as her parents or brother. Before we stopped over to my moms that morning, Bryn wanted me to take her to the cemetery where Braydens ashes were buried. I had been around death before, but Bryn said besides her grandparents death years ago, this was the first close person to her to die. Obviously. He was her brother. Despite what happened the day of the shooting slash attack, Bryn balled her eyes out like a baby when she came up to Braydens plaque with his name on it.
I stood back and let her mourn. I watched her talk to the plaque, where behind it his ashes were in an urn. I heard her bring up the day he left and how she shouldve known he would have changed. After she turned back to me, I simply held her close as we walked back to my car. She didnt want to talk about it and I wouldnt push her. Despite how he hurt Bryn, Brayden was still her brother, and now he was gone. 
So your friends are coming down for the show too, right? I asked Bryn as we sat in the middle of Lozanos having a late lunch. Bryns best friends from school, Gina and Bethany, were all moved back from California. Once Bryn knew about the great news, she called me. She even suggested us taking them on tour with us since we were getting out of the bus we had now.  At first I was paranoid about how we werent going to have any room, even after getting a bigger tour bus, but I figured why not? 
Raptor and Luke were especially excited about the news. Raptor about shit his pants when Bryn mentioned that Gina and Bethany were tagging along. He was worried about when he was helping set up equipment that hed take one look at Gina and turn to complete mush and an amp would fall his foot.
Bryn wiped sauce off her chin and nodded. Thats all theyre talking about, Cale. You have no idea how star struck they get every time theyve watched us practice. Its absolutely crazy because they were in Cali and saw a bunch of celebrities out there, and it didnt faze them. 
My fingers linked up with hers from across the table. Well Im flattered. Because I know if I saw a celebrity out in Hollywood as opposed to little old me Id crap myself, I replied honestly.  I mean I still get nervous and tongue tied around you
No you dont! Bryn smiled. From the time we met youve been so sure of yourself. Remember you said you were going to screw your new lead guitarist?
I did remember that. At first I meant what I had said as a joke and thought she wouldnt have taken it seriouslybut look where we were now. Its the look of innocence, Bryn. Its totally adorable.
The look on Bryns face turned sour. Reallyadorable? What am Iten years old or something?
I shook my head, trying not to laugh so hard at her getting mad. You are. Not to mention smart, beautiful, amazingly talented, good with your fingers
Bryn glanced around the restaurant before looking back at me and whispered, Dont start that here
Ohhh what, did the good with your fingers comment hit home? Because you are, Bryn. I mean really I could go on and on
No! she shouted a little too loudly, causing a couple of people to stare at us. Cale Pelton, you need to stop trying to get me worked up and teasing me. It isnt funny. I at least thought it was funny. 
Is everything okay over here with my two love birds? Louisa, co-owner of Lozanos wondered out loud as she strolled to our table. 
Of course, Miss Lou, I replied, calling her by the nickname she told me to use whenever I came in to eat or to see Bryn when she helped out. Bryn was just saying how she was thinking about desert. Werent you, honey?
She mouthed to me honey? As Miss Lou raised an eyebrow at me. If you say so, Mister. I dont fall for that charm of yours so I know when youre trying to schmooze.
Dont worry. Ill make sure we keep quiet and dont bother the other guests with our loudness, Miss Lou, I promised her in my sweetest voice. She looked from Bryn to me, knowing I was just messing with her, and then walked away, where she started yelling to the cooks in the back to hurry up with something. 
You need to stop. Bryn smirked, kicking my leg hard under the table. 
I put my hands up, winking at her before I finished up my lunch since it was getting cold. 
After lunch we were going to meet up at our practice spot to work on our songs for the New Years show in Cleveland. It wasnt like it was a full hour or so set list, but the owner asked us to perform five to six songs for our time slot. 
Aww thanks for inviting us to eatnot! Vince teased us as we walked in.
Bryn shook her head and hugged Vince as she strapped on her electric guitar. Blame that guy not me, she replied, grinning at me. 
Until the sky turned dark we practiced, changed melodies, changed pitches, and finally, we completed our set list. I was hell bent on making sure that this was an amazing show. It wasnt going to be a huge deal, but it was kind of an introduction to what the tour was going to be like with Angels from Hell. I tried to ignore the pain I was feeling in my chest as I sang, but every time I uttered an uncomfortable note, I felt like I was going to fall over. 
Retreating back to my bedroom after we dropped Bryn off at her place, I was now staring at the very last of my pain medicine the doctor had prescribed. Should I take the last of it, putting myself out of my misery, or suffer through the pain? I had been trying so hard to not break down and resort to that stuff anymore. Pills had gotten me into a lot of trouble. 
It also explained my mood swings with Bryn. When I first met her and throughout the tour with her, I quit abusing pills cold turkey. So needless to say, my mood changes were more frequent than I would have liked. I had a non-stop internal battle, contemplating going to the nearest drug store for a cheap fix and taking more than the dosage recommended on the bottle. 
For a while I thought I was doing really well. I didnt want to be this guy with sporadic temper tantrums, especially now that I had someone in my life that I didnt want to let go of. After being in the hospital, taking the strongest pain killers I could take helped numb the pain I had been feeling where I was shot and stabbed. I had slowly become less dependent on pills to make it through the day, and all of the guys knew I was trying to kick the habit. But ever since Tyler rejoined the group, when he witnessed my tantrums after trying to stay away from the pills, he would pull me aside and threaten to tell Bryn everything. No one else but the guys in the group knew about my addiction and I wanted to keep it that way. Bryn could never know. 
Whats the worst that could happen? I asked myself out loud, kicking the covers off to walk over to where the bottle stood. I had another two months of prescription I could use if needed, according to the label. This was bad news. 
I opened the child proof lid and slid three pills into my palm. Throwing them into my mouth, I brought the bottle with me back to bed, along with some water to wash the rest down with. If I was going to make this upcoming tour my best performances to date, I had to make sure I wasnt in so much damn pain. 
Hearing a knock on the door, I heard Tyler say, Can I come in, dude?
Trying to stuff the bottle of pills behind my pillow, I yelled back, Yeah!
Tyler walked in and shut the door behind him. Look, I just wanted to ask you one thing. He paused, clearly battling in his mind on how to put his question. Have you ever considered asking Bryn to move in with us?
I was completely taken aback. My gut was telling me he knew about me wanting to fill up the last of my prescription and taking more than I needed to. My first thought was why would he even be thinking about Bryn? Besides being bandmates and friends, there was nothing between them and I could easily see that. She was mine. The thought had crossed my mind so many times about asking Bryn to move in, but with six people in the apartment including her, there would be no room. 
Ive wanted to ask her. But can you imagine cramming one more person into this place? I questioned Tyler. Plus, you come into my room in the middle of the night to ask me this?
Sorry. Tyler quietly chuckled. It just didnt make sense to me thats all. I didnt want her to feel left out or anything.
I think maybe after this tour I might try and find a place of my own, I told him. We had all been living together for so longminus when Tyler got kicked out of the band and therefore moved out of the apartment too I thought it was time we all had our own space. Everyone had enough money saved up even after we went in on the new tour bus to afford a house.
Tylers mouth dropped. You realize everyone is going to be hurt and completely pissed off by that, right?
Since when did you turn into a softie? I joked. 
Turning over a new leaf I guess. Im trying to quit drinking so much and grow up, Tyler retorted. But I think its a good idea. Im surprised no one else has beaten each other up yet. I want to come home and have a bunch of space all to myself, not feel cramped like were on the bus. Sitting down on the edge of my bed, he inhaled and took a deep breath. Sorry, Ill let you sleep, man. I think I am a softie thinking of these things in the middle of the night.
Its all good, I replied. Well be on the road early tomorrow so try and sleep a little. I know how you are with no sleep.
Tyler walked back up to the door and ran a hand through his messy black hair. Very true. Goodnight, Pelton. Before he headed back down the hallway, he stopped again and said, I know youre hiding your pills, by the way. Watch your back or Ill tell her everything.  
The sad thing was I knew Tyler would tell Bryn. So now more than ever I needed to control my mood swings before all hell broke loose.
***
Our brand new tour bus was shiny and clean, sitting pretty in the warehouse parking lot where we practiced. Hal, our driver slash protector if someone tried to start shit at shows, had picked it up for us and drove it there. As sad as I was to see the old bus go, we had worn it out after using it for five years and we were overdue for an upgrade.  
Howve you been, stubborn ass? Hal asked, coming up to me. We fist bumped. Trying to stay out of trouble? 
Ohhh you know me, Hal. Trouble finds me wherever I go. Usually when we took breaks off from tour, Hal would go back to his family and keep to himself until we needed him again. 
Well, I got this thing looking mighty nice. Drives like a charm too. Go check it out before we head out for Cleveland, Hal told all of us. 
Bryn reached for my hand and squeezed it. This bus is pretty sharp. She smiled, reaching out to press her free hand against the paint. We had our name in red and white spray painted onto the side in big bold letters, our new album cover below it, which featured the Detroit city skyline in all its glory. It looked absolutely sick. I couldnt wait to see the inside. 
Damn, this was worth every penny. Lukes eyes widened through his thick glasses as he high-fived us. Now were going to be driving in rock star style.
Brand new black leather seating welcomed us in the front of the bus, along with a flat screen television against the wall. I wasnt surprised when I saw the Xbox and typical guy video games theyd be playing in our down time. 
The amount of space we had compared to the old bus blew my mind. We even had a full-blown kitchen with a high-tech oven! Now I dont know when we would ever use it, but its still nice to have in case theres no restaurants around. Knowing how well Tyler could cook breakfast, Id have to take him up on a few mornings of breakfast in the bunk. For my friends and I. I walked back further, noticing even the bunks we were going to be sleeping in were much roomier then the last ones, but my eyes were drawn to the back room, where there was a king sized bed against a cherry oak headboard. It looked comfortable and I was ready to call dibs on sleeping on it first!
When we got to Cleveland around lunch time we parked the bus near the venue, and decided to go walking downtown before we took our equipment to the club. 
I think we could totally stay down here another day just to check out the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame, Raptor suggested as we walked into the Subway.  Seriously, Ive never been there! Luke pushed Raptor and retorted, Yeah we have, idiot. Last time we were there you tried to take pictures where we werent supposed to and we almost got kicked out.
Jeeez, even I remember that! Vince responded. We were all hung over from playing that show the night before. Cale, you were the most hammered of all of us, I cant believe you dont remember, Rap! I laughed as they were telling me what happened that night. I wish I wouldve been there to see Cale hammered walking through the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame. I found it hard to believe no one had reported them or kicked them out at the sight of them. 
Raptor scratched the top of his blond Mohawk and shrugged. You know how forgetful I am.
I glanced over at Bryn and she seemed more interested in the high risers than us talking about being wasted. 
Hey. I gently squeezed her hand, bringing it up to my lips and kissing it. Just thinking about how Im going to be your New Years kiss tonight. 
The way her lips curled upward made my insides toss and turn. She really had a genuine smile and wasnt afraid to show it. Im a little nervous, she admitted. 
Why, babe? Youre experienced now, I mean besides it being a smaller venue and all that, those are the best places to play in sometimes.
No its not that, she said. Im more nervous about meeting Kallie Cooper.
For the longest time, Bryn was worried that Kallie was going to try to woo me over on tour because of how she heard about Kallies reputation with guys. Now she was nervous about meeting her?
Brynyou have nothing to worry about. Shes just very sure of herself. She knows she is good at what she does and thats singing her ass off better than a lot of other people can. Youll be fine, I reassured her, hoping I was right about everything I just said. 
We got to the Agora Ballroom in time to start dragging in equipment.  It was going to be a nice change for a night since the Agora was a smaller venue to play in. Hal parked our bus over by another one covered in all black, silver angel wings painted on the side. 
Angels from Hells tour bus. 
Heyyy boys, good to see all of you. Louis, the lead guitarist from the band shouted to us as he walked off their bus smoking a cigarette. Shaking all of our hands, he smiled. Its been way too long. Cant wait to see your show. 
Thanks, man, I replied. Its going to be a fun night. I turned my attention over to Bryn. This is Bryn Schaefler, my girlfriend and our lead guitarist.
Louis Smart. Nice to finally meet you. Louis flashed a smile, reaching for Bryns hand. She looked over from me to Louis and shook his hand. You are stunning.
Thank you. Good to meet you too, she responded, stepping back to look around the parking lot 
We were making small talk with Louis and Adam (the bassist for the band) when out came Kallie with her signature oversized sunglasses. In the middle of winter. She was pretty, Ill admit it. Her fiery red hair cut short in the back and longer in the front accented her face, and she wore little make up. But that usually changed before show time. 
Short stuff! Good to see you after how long? Vince teased Kallie as she took off her shades and placed them on top of her head. 
She scowled at Vince and said, Shut the hell up. You know I dont like being called short stuff. If there werent people around, Id say much worse to you.
Tyler put his hands up and backed away. Wow, sounds like someone hasnt had a drink today, or you just slept like shit.
Okay, enough. Seriously, she said. I had like, two hours of sleep because of these idiots bringing girls onto the bus at three in the morning. Kallie groaned. She finally noticed Bryn and started to eye her from head to toe. Ive heard about her. Bryn isnt it?
I could hear Bryns teeth chattering beside me, but I couldnt tell if it was from nerves or the cold. I watched her stand a little straighter and brush snow off her loose fitting jeans as she inched closer to Kallie. Bryn had a good six inches on Kallie, but Kallie had a way of intimidation like Id never seen before. She used her short height to her advantage. 
Yup. Bryn Schaefler, IuhI really love your voice, she muttered, suddenly seeming embarrassed. 
Kallie tipped her head back and laughed. You are too cute. Seriously. She walked up to Bryn and hugged her. I like the new album by the way. Your voice is so different. I cant put my finger on it, but take that as a compliment because usually Im a bitch. 
Bryn let out a nervous chuckle. I wanted to tell Bryn that it was the truth, and she had to watch her back. Kallie could be sweet and nice, but most of the time it was just to your face. Behind your back, she showed her true colors. 
We better get inside before we get frostbitten, Tyler joked. Are Flynn and Krystal already in there? He was referring to the drummer and rhythm guitarist in Kallies band. 
You know it. Theyre already up at the bar getting loosened up. Theyll be totally wasted before our set, Louis teased the two other members, patting me on the back. Remind me to buy you a drink later, Pelton.
I chuckled and said, Alright man, sounds like a plan.
***
Bryn
It was a night like tonight I wished Gina and Bethany would have tagged along with us. Minus the fact that we couldnt drink at the bar, even if I wanted to. Meeting Kallie Cooper, my soon-to-be tour mate, was intimidating. She was a lot shorter than me, but the way she carried herself like she thought she was the greatest singer in the world threw me off. I had to tell myself to just try to get along with her or stay out of her way during tour, or else she would probably kick my ass without warning. 
I liked the other members so far. I could tell Louis and Adam were genuinely cool and easy going guys from the way we were talking as the equipment was being set up. They had all grown up on the coast of Maine, where there wasnt much of a music scene. 
I treated myself to some sliders, taking in the crazy atmosphere being that it was New Years Eve, while another band took the stage. Luke sat down beside me and took one of the tiny burgers off the plate and ate it. 
Sooo little sister Luke draped an arm around me. You look especially nice tonight.  I decided to go simple tonight and keep on my pair of loose fitting jeans with a plain black t-shirt and let my hair down in a side ponytail resting over my shoulder. 
Even though Im not dressed all crazy like Ive been doing? I asked. 
Mhmm. I like this look on you. Ive said it before, but if Cale ever screws up and breaks up with you, Ill be next in line, Luke said jokingly. No, I take that back. Youre too much like my sister. Besides, I like Bethany. Why couldnt she make it tonight again?
Because they had some invite to a fancy party in Detroit and couldnt turn it down, I reminded him. Even though Gina and Bethany had gotten out of modeling for now to focus on getting more stable jobs, they still had connections with some pretty big people in the fashion world. It was totally last minute or else they wouldve come down, I swear. This guy had it bad for my friend, but Luke was a nice enough guy for Bethany; I was all for them getting together. It was just a matter of time. 
Yeah, now some other guy will get to give Bethany her first kiss of the New Year and it wont be me. Luke contemplated what he said for a second and took off his thick rimmed glasses. Damn, I really sound smitten, dont I?
I laughed and hugged him from the side. Its okay. I have never seen you like this so I keep it going.
He squeezed me tight and kissed the side of my head. This is why I love you, little sis. Youre way too nice to me.
I could say the same thing about you. Itll be fun tonight I promise. I said, and we finished my plate up and headed back towards where we were hanging out on our bus until it was time to go on. 
You didnt bring anything back for your amazingly wonderful boyfriend? Cale teased me as he picked me up over his shoulder as soon as I stepped onto the bus. 
Putmedown! I squealed as he started tickling my rib cage from under my t-shirt. I just ate so you better not do that. I swatted at his back as he carried me towards the very back where the bedroom was. Setting me down gently just outside of it, he pulled me into a deep, passionate kiss. 
He pinned me against the wall and held my hands together above my head as he invaded my mouth. I wanted to melt right there. I hadnt kissed anyone other than Ethan or Damon from Ignite the Flames, and there was absolutely no comparison. I was secretly glad he had a hold of my hands because I could feel that my knees were about to buckle under me at any minute. 
Damn, we should totally get into this bedroom before we have to play, Cale breathed into my ear. I dont even want to go out there now. Cant we just say I got sick?
I shoved him playfully and straightened out my shirt before kissing him in the crook of his neck. Wasnt it your idea? I reminded him.
He scratched the top of his head and groaned. Yeahhh, I suppose it was. But tonight this room is ours. I dont even care if the rest of them hear us. Im going to have a few drinks and Ill want to have some amazing drunken sex.
Drunken sex? Really? I giggled. That is so not romantic at all. 
Well anything on a tour bus isnt really romantic. I mean, I dont have any rose petals or fancy smelling candles to make it pretty. He air quoted pretty and I couldnt help but smile. Well have to save it for when we stay at a hotel.
Ill hold you to that. I smirked, and he slapped my butt as we walked back inside, where everyone was having a few drinks by our small table to loosen up. 
Hal told us the owner of the venue wanted us on stage in about twenty minutes, so we cleaned up our mess on the bus and hurried off to tune our instruments. All of the members of Angels from Hell were sitting right in the corner by what would be my side of the stage. Oh great I groaned to myself as I strapped on my new purple guitar Cale had promised hed buy me since our time in St. Louis. He called it a late Christmas present and had it shipped from the guitar store we visited down there on the previous tour. 
The lights were dimmed and I started playing the opening riff to Mayhem, a new song off our album. It had a combined sound of Hinder and Avenged Sevenfoldas odd as that soundsbut it kicked off the album just right.  Tyler started pounding on the bass, the lights flickering on and off in time with the beat. We all started playing the notes in perfect unison, and that was when Cales voice shook up the small club. 
You want mayhem?
Well you got it
Im a walking basket case
Never know when Im going to crack
His voice growled as I swayed along to the beat, keeping my eyes on the crowd in front of me. My fingers were sliding along my new guitar strings like butter, and my nerves quickly went away when I heard people actually singing along. The album hadnt even been out for a month and a half; people already knew the words to this stuff?
My eyes caught Kallies from where she was sitting by the front of the stage and she gave me a slight nod as if she was saying she liked my guitar playing. I still had to figure this girl out. I didnt know whether to like her or hate her yet. Cale walked over to my side of the stage in between songs where he had a bottle of water standing a few feet from me. 
That guitar just makes you look even sexier up here, Cale whispered into my ear, kissing my cheek before we went into You Were Young. I loosened up more through the song and when it came to be my turn to sing, I gave it all I had. I could hear Louis say, Damn she can sing.  I didnt even want to see Kallies expression at that point. I didnt care. I was in my element and nothing was going to ruin my night. 
By the time we wrapped up with Away from you everyone was on their feet screaming like we were in a big arena and not a small bar. I waved to everyone, shouting Thank you! into my microphone and quickly stepping off the stage while Cale was boasting to the small crowd about buying shots for the prettiest girl in the place. I rolled my eyes, hoping he meant me, but I knew he wasnt actually serious. 
Raptor and Hal were taking care of most of our equipment while I hurried back to the bus to put on a zip up hoodie I packed in my overnight bag. Running back outside, I high-fived and hugged the guys. 
That set was awesome. Good job guys. I muffled in between hugs. Vince roughed up my hair and I wiggled out of his hold. 
Im going to steal your guitar, he replied. It looked like it played really easily
Ill let you borrow it for the first show on the tour, hows that? I asked. 
Thatd rock. Vince smiled widely. Cale walked outside from the club talking, to Louis and Adam with Kallie right on their heels. She was on her cell phone, but her eyes were boring into Cales back. Suddenly I felt jealous. I decided to stake my claim. 
I think I changed my mind, I said to Cale, slithering an arm around his waist and pulling myself as close to him as I could. Why dont you sneak me a couple of shots and after the ball drops and we can have crazy drunken sex?
I said it as loud as I could, getting an evil glare from Kallie behind him. 
Are you being completely serious right now, B? Cale asked, sounding surprised. Lets skip watching their set and just stay in the rest of the night, then.
Relax, I whispered into his ear. Im just trying to make red head behind me jealous.
Cale raised a single eyebrow and looked at me inquisitively. Why would you need to do that?
Right as I was about to give Cale an answer, Kallie walked around us so she was facing Cale and placed her hands on her bony hips. So are you guys going to come watch the set in a couple of minutes? Ill set aside a couple of drinks. Then a pinky finger went up to her lip. Oh thats right I forgot, youre only 18, am I right? Damn, I need to remember this kind of stuff. Kallie smirked, and my hands were forming into fists. 
Shes not worth it, Bryn, I had to remind myself, shes just miserable with her own life so she has to bring you down too. 
Wouldnt miss it for the world. I put on a fake smile, gripping Cales hand as if my life depended on it. Werent we just about to go back inside and sit down honey? Cale bent down to kiss me on the cheek, only making her squirm. 
Yeah, just let me get a hoodie too. Im freezing with this on, Cale said, telling Louis good luck and that wed see them in a bit. I waited outside the bus for Cale and everyone else to grab warmer shirts before they came back out, cracking up about something. 
Whats so funny? I asked, placing a hand on my hip. 
Inside joke. Tyler smirked, clasping a hand on my shoulder. I shouldnt admit to this but I actually slept with that short red haired thing way back in the day.
My mouth dropped. No wonder Kallie couldnt stand the sight of Tyler. I found that pretty funny and let out a giggle. Really. That was the inside joke? 
It was back likewhat, our first major tour or something like that? Tyler asked the guys.
All I remember is you called her fire crotch afterwards and she slapped you in the face when she overheard you, Luke said. Shes way too moody for me.
The rest of the guys slapped each others backs, laughing their asses off.
Thats not even funny, I replied, stepping back into the warm venue. Youre such an ass, Tyler.
He gave me a cheesy smile and simply shrugged, not giving me another word. 
We all sat down at the same table Angels from Hell were sitting at previously at the front of the stage while Cale went to get a pitcher of beer for the guys and a diet coke for me. By the time he got back, Kallie was commanding the stage with a powerful high-pitched note I envied. Listening to them play a song I didnt know at all, I watched her prance around the stage in big black boots paired with grey leggings and a ripped up band t-shirt. Only she could make that outfit look right. Okay, earlier I was saying how bitchy she was to me, now Im secretly complimenting how pretty she looks? 
Thanks for coming out everyone, Kallie said into the microphone. Were Angels from Hell and this is our last song. You can come hang out with us after the show before the ball drops! They launched into Freak, the single that made them famous a few years ago. It had the same feel as Halestorms Freak like Me and coincidentally Kallies voice reminded me of their singer. I sipped on my diet coke as the guys were drinking away beside me, making comments here and there about how Louis was screwing up a chord or how Kallie missed a note. The half hour couldnt have ended any quicker. 
After they were done with their set, the make-shift stage was taken down and replaced with a guy using a fancy laptop computer to play music. Nearing midnight in about.five minutes, Cale pulled me closer to him as the rest of the band went to play pool. 
I love you, he murmured before leaving a slow, but sensual kiss on my cheek. I let myself relax against his front as his back was against the wall. We swayed to our own beat as the rock n roll music blared, but I didnt think either one of us were listening fully. 
The single TV that was in the place was turned on just in time to start the short countdown to the New Year. The two of us shouted when it came down to ten seconds left. Then Cale started whispering into my neck, 321
Happy New Year. 
He spun me around with one arm so I faced him and he kissed me instantly. My lips welcomed his as he wrapped his arms around my waist and mine curled around his neck. 
Happy New Year, fuckeeeeerr. Vince purposely pushed into Cale, holding onto his head and giving him a kiss smack dab on the side of his head. Then he immediately turned to me and kissed my cheek. Not meaning that towards you, Bryn, but Happy New Year.
Its okay, Vince. You too. I chuckled, stepping away from Cale. We continued celebrating for about the next hour until I noticed how tipsy the guys were. Cale and I walked out hand in hand back to the bus and towards the bedroom in the back. I slipped out of my clothes to put on a nightgown I had packed and laid down beside Cale, who still had on his jeans, but nothing else. 
Come here, he said, lying down and drawing me closer to him so my body conformed against his chest. 
I had fun tonight, I said, feeling sleep starting to take over. Just a single touch from Cales fingers jolted me awake, at least for a couple more minutes. And thank you, by the way.
His fingers moved to my outer thigh, leaving a trail of slow circles, until they reached my neck. For what? he asked. 
You were my first ever New Years kiss, I told him. I never imagined I would be here right now if you told me this a year ago.
Thats life, though, Cale said. You never know from day to day where youre going to end up, dead or alive. Time isnt promised. I just know everyone else, myself included, is glad youre on this crazy ride with us and hopefully youll never quit. Plus it helps youre my girlfriend and Im so happy to be doing this with someone I am so crazy in love with. My heart started fluttering. Even if hed had too much to drink, he somehow always found the right thing to say.
I love you too. I sighed. Lets save the drunken sex for another night. Im too tired anyways.
I heard Cale laugh behind me. You get some sleep, pretty girl. I care more about you getting rest because I know how cranky you can get with lack thereof
I grinned inwardly. Oh stop. I kicked my leg backward so it bumped into his. Now goodnight, Pelton.
Sweet Dreams, B.
Chapter 5: Addiction
Cale
Youre the one thing I cant shake
You pulse through my veins
And make me want it more
Its impossible to break this now
I knew the consequences of drinking while I downed a shit ton of pills, but after I took my younger sister Sadie out to celebrate her graduating from college early with her bachelors degree in English (minor in Journalism), I was feeling like shit. 
I didnt mean to take the pills. I really didnt. But after I drank the bar fresh out of alcohol, I had the worst pain in my chest, like someone was cutting me open and ripping my heart out. Popping a few prescriptions in and mixing it with rum, I was crashed out on the middle of the floor in our living room. 
Pelton. Luke gently kicked my side with his foot. Wake up, idiot, you fell asleep on the floor. 
I groaned loudly, letting a slew of obscenities out of my mouth as I ran my hands through my messy hair. The only thing on my mind was trying to stay away from the pills. I should have just taken the new bottles I got from the doctor and flushed them down the toilet. Itd be far less tempting. But then again, I waited a long time to get into my doctor to get them, so I would keep them for now, probably hide them in my bag when we went on tour in another two weeks. 
What time is it? I asked, my voice hoarse. I noticed the blinds covering the windows had been opened up and the sunlight was bursting into the main room of the apartment. I covered my eyes so I wouldnt be blinded and Luke snickered, with Tyler not far behind him. 
Like, noon. We were supposed to call Walker about some last minute photo shoot for the tour. Tyler said. And its in like fifteen minutes so you better get your ass up. 
Shit how did I forget? I stumbled into the bathroom and turned on the water so I could take a shower. I put on the same clothes I had on yesterday, not wanting to waste any more time.  
Saw the bottle, Tyler whispered in my direction as I came out of the bathroom and towards the kitchen. 
I whipped my head around and glared. Was he spying on me or something? I never once had that pill bottle where anyone could see it. Or was I so out of it last night that I left it sitting on the table?
I dont know what youre talking about, I snapped. 
Really now Tyler retorted. So that open bottle I found next to you wasnt what I thought it was then? 
Look, after I drank all that shit last night, my chest was on fire and would not quit. I had to take something for the pain
Dude. You realize youre not even supposed to take the pills with alcohol, right? Tyler reminded me, crossing his arms in front of him and had a look of concern. But waitI know what youll say. You know, you know, but still you havent kicked the addiction
I wanted to punch him square in the jaw like I did on stage less than a year ago. Of course I fucking know that, Donahue. I was doing so good trying to kick it and thenI dont know what made me slip, I said honestly. 
I wasnt worried about my drinking because usually I wasnt a very mean drunk or did crazy things Id forget the next morning, but adding my pain killers definitely didnt help. The guys had already warned me before I could get seizures from that shit if I didnt stop combining the two. 
Well, I can only help you so much. Weve all tried before. Tyler sighed. I dont mean to be on your ass about it, but with this tour, being my first time back and being on the new label, we cant afford anything to hold us back. Without another word, Tyler walked out the door and the conversation was done. 
I knew I had to get better. It was all I thought about, and with Tyler on my ass, it had to happen. I couldnt lose this band or Bryn over my addiction. 
Bryn rushed through the door just in time, her black hair in a low side ponytail and wearing a pink puffer jacket as she brushed off the snow that was on her legs and boots. 
Sorry. I just got done looking at a car with Miss Lou, she said, sounding rushed, as I took her coat from her and all the guys said hey. She came over and kissed me on the cheek as I dialed Walkers number. My arm circled around her waist, and we all sat down in the living room as we put Walker on speaker phone and he answered, Walker Cooper speaking.
Hey, its Cale and the band. How are you? I yelled as I switched to speaker phone so we all could hear him. 
Well, besides my office falling apart, Im doing pretty damn well. You kids keeping out of trouble?
We all laughed. Oh of course, I replied. After what happened with the shooting at the festival, Walker had checked on us periodically, texting us here and there to make sure our injuries were healing and we were mentally doing better. I think that was just part of his job because I was sure he thought we had targets on our backs after what had occurred.
Over the next half hour, he discussed the photo shoot and the particulars. He had set the shoot up with a huge rock magazine that was also going to do an article on all of the bands that were playing on the tour. My only problem was when he suggested that since us and Angels from Hell were the main acts, the photographer wanted a few shots of Kallie and I alone, being the lead singers of our groups. I didnt like the idea of being alone with her. She was trouble and I didnt want Bryn to see what Kallie is capable of because it wasnt for the faint of heart. 
Why do you have that look on your face? Bryn looked at me inquisitively as we lay together on my bed. 
What look?
Like youre lost in space, or else you had a ton to drink last night when you promised me youd behave. Bryn air quoted, and I kissed the tip of her nose. She looked so adorable as she snuggled in closer to me, laying her head down on my bare stomach. 
What if I told you I tried? My voice pleaded, and I could feel her let out a giggle. 
So essentially, that means you were plastered and came home and passed right outam I right? She lifted her head up to look me in the eyes. Bryn knew she was right before she even said anything. We had spent so much time together latelywell even before that
That shed gotten to know my moods pretty well. What she didnt know was that my trying to quit my addiction was the cause of those mood swings. When I gave into temptation, I was happy again. 
I didnt say anything, but tried pleading with my eyes that she wouldnt start lecturing me. Then Id be taking it back to when I lived with my mom and sisters. I had a different lecture every day, even if it was something I had nothing to do with. 
I mean, really I shouldnt care. Its your life, Bryn remarked. But I just really care about youmore than I shouldbut hey, thats why youre my boyfriend, right?
Oh man was I ever the luckiest guy in the world at that moment. I cupped Bryns chin and lifted her face to meet mine so our foreheads touched. I always will be and dont you forget it. 
And then I proceeded to show her just how badly I meant those words, how loved she really was. 
***
After getting past the whole posing with Kallie shit, I was ready for this photo shoot. It took place in an old abandoned warehouse in Detroit, where graffiti in various colors covered the broken down walls and the pillars holding the ceiling up. 
This better not fall down on us, Luke teased as we made our way over to where Angels from Hell was standing, along with The Brittle Souls, our supporting act, who had a hell of a lot of talent. I knew they were going to make it big, they just hadnt had the chance yet. 
Just better brace yourself and run for it then, buddy. Vince shoved Luke and he almost lost his balance on the rocks behind him. 
Thatll do it. I shook my head laughing, keeping close to Bryn as we approached the rest of the bands. Kyler Jordan, the lead singer of The Brittle Souls, came up to me and shook my hand. 
Heyyy man, thanks for letting us support you on the tour. We cant wait, Kyler said with excitement. You could tell this kid was feeling over the top. The Brittle Souls hadnt been on the mainstream scene that long, but they got a record deal just a year ago fresh out of high school. Story was the guys skipped their high school graduation ceremony just so they could fly out to California to record their album. 
Anytime. Love to have good talent backing us up. I patted him on the shoulder, shaking hands with the other guys and came face to face with Kallie. 
Dont you just look handsome today? Kallie tried to say seductively, but it looked to me like she was hung over more than anything. Her eyes were covered by big gladiators and she had a hard time standing in the same spot without stumbling. 
Hung over much? I asked her exactly what I was thinking.
I dont sleep. It gives off the same impression though, huh? She smirked, turning her attention over to Bryn. Im sorry by the way, for how I acted the last time we met. I came off as a total bitch and Im really not.
I could tell Bryn was taken aback. 
Its okay Bryn trailed off, not really sure what else to say. Then Kallie did what I considered the unthinkable. She hugged Bryn. 
Well become great friends. Just give it time. She squeezed, letting go of Bryn so she could talk to the photographer. 
What the hell was that? Bryn whispered so no one could hear. 
Maybe shes actually trying to be nice to you, I suggested. We both shrugged, and I snuck in a slap on her ass when no one was looking. 
The photo shoot was going greatactually amazinguntil the photographer suggested, Why dont you and Kallie pose together? 
I didnt care if I had to stand next to the girl and put my arm around her casually or whatever, but the fact that the guy wanted me to stand behind her and have my hands covering her topless self? Not a chance. If I wasnt dating Bryn and if I didnt care about her so much I would have done it because people dug stuff like that, especially if it was on a cover. I knew from experience. But stillI had to practically fondle another womans bare breasts. 
I couldnt look at Bryn. I knew she was going to be pretty pissed, and I didnt blame her. She had to watch me pose with another woman while she had no shirt onwhile I was grabbing her. I tried to get through it as quickly as possible, doing the faces I was told to do and when I had to move, I did. If it wasnt for the photographer mentioning that this shot will take both of our bands to the next level, I wouldnt have done it. 
It was so awkward, being this close to a topless girl that wasnt Bryn.
This is going to look fantastic in the next issue, the photographer, which whose name I didnt remember, exclaimed happily. You two photograph really well together.
No we didnt, but of course I couldnt say that out loud or Id have my ass kicked. After we were told we could go, Bryn had already snuck out of the building and was waiting outside. 
Shes pissed, Vince said quietly.
No shit. I would be too if I was her watching my boyfriend grab another girls breasts for a photo shoot, I snapped. This is exactly what I didnt want to happen but you heard about what the photographer said about how itd be good promotion for us 
Shell be okay, just let her breathe for a minute, Vince suggested, and I braced myself for the wrath of Bryn as we walked to where she stood sitting on the curb, her arms wrapped around herself as she shivered from the cold. I didnt see her face since she was purposely looking in the opposite direction. 
I fake-coughed and her head spun around to see what was going on. I hated that look in her eye, like she wanted to kill me on the spot. Throw me into the middle of the busy streets of Downtown Detroit and have me get hit by a car. 
Hey, are you up for a bite to eat at the Hard Rock? We havent been there since after we
No, Bryn cut me off. Gina and Bethany are done with some meeting they just had nearby so theyre picking me up to have a girls night in. She stood up and brushed the snow off her butt. 
Aww you sure, B? Tyler whined, hugging her from behind. Were going to miss you on the ride back home.
Ewwww. You stink, Tyler. She shoved him away with a smile. That smile should have been meant for me, not my best friend. Its not like Im going to be gone forever, jeez. 
I walked up to her and kissed her quickly on the lips before she turned her face away from me hastily. Dont be like that please, I murmured, trying to get her to meet my eyes. You know I didnt want to do that shit, B
She wriggled out of my grasp. Whatever. Its done now, Cale. I dont want to talk about it because now every time I have that image in my head, Im going to want to punch that bitchs brains out.
I took a step back. Either Bryn was really defensive of me, or she was jealous.  I had never seen her get that infuriated over something before and it had me a little worried. But I wasnt going to let her mood get to me. Overall we had a good day, and I had to think on the bright side: if that photo made the cover of the magazine, it would be epic.
***
Bryn
Edys Cookie Dough Ice Cream= Pure Deliciousness. 
So he actually went through with that shot with her? Bethany asked as she, Gina and I were piled onto their couch watching 27 Dresses. As soon as the girls picked me up from where the bands photo shoot was, we stopped at a local store that carried Ice Cream. I hadnt had it in so long, so I was prepared to gain ten pounds from eating the whole container in one sitting. 
At this point I really didnt care. 
Was I jealous of what happened earlier? Uhh yeah, of course I was. If Kallie would have had at least a shirt on, I wouldve been cool with the idea because yeah theyre the lead singers of the head lining groups. I get that. 
But Kallie Cooper was topless, and my boyfriend was covering up her boobs with his bare hands. I felt like that whole situation was her idea somehow, but I was trying to think more positive about this girl. It was hard, though. Seeing the smirk on her face the entire time the photographer was shooting, 
I wasnt completely mad at Cale. I didnt want to be some overly-jealous overbearing girlfriend who got pissed every time he was near another girl. But he seemed a little too into it, regardless of whether he was told to smile, frownwhatever. 
Yeah. But if it makes the magazine sell, then I guess have at it. I sighed, scooping out a huge chunk of cookie dough and putting it into my mouth. It wasnt even like Cale and I had been dating for that long so he could pretty much do whatever he pleased. I shouldnt have cared that much about such a stupid photo shoot. 
But the nave part of me took hold and sure enough, my carton of cookie dough was gone by halfway through the movie. 
Really though, Bryn, Gina said. If he loves you like he says he does then he wouldve asked you about doing that shot with Kallie. He couldve said no. She was right, but what was done was done. I had to deal with him almost every day for the next couple of months so I didnt want to pick a huge fight with him. Thats honestly why I wanted to come back home. This magazine asked me to do a nude shot and I turned them down. I remembered what my mom told me before Bethany and I left: Remember where you come from, Gina. Dont let anyone steer you away from who you really are. I wasnt ready for myself to be on display like that. Shit were only 18.
What are you even trying to say? Bethany had a confused look on her face. 
Im just looking out for our best friend here, Gina replied, scooting closer to me. All I was really trying to say was dont succumb to all this crap I hear some rock stars like to doyou know, like the drugs and taking pain killers for no reason  
Yeah okay, I scoffed. Nooo thank you. We all started giggling and set down our empty ice cream bowls so we could finish the end of 27 Dresses.
I ended up falling asleep on their couch after we watched another chick flick, sleeping straight through the night. I checked my phone the next morning to see if I had any new messages from the guys and there were none. I was pretty surprised. Usually I would get some kind of good morning text from one of them. 
I stretched my arms over my head as I watched Gina come out of the bathroom in a tank top and bikini cut underwear. 
Hear from them yet? She asked, twisting her newly cut dark brown hair into a short ponytail as she made her way into the kitchen. 
Not yet! I yelled back. Im in no rush to get back home anyways. Were not practicing until late tonight. 
Well then, we can totally have a girls day out and go get our nails and toes done, Gina suggested. She walked over to Bethanys bedroom door and pounded on it. Hey, bitch get up! Were going out to breakfast and getting a manicure, pedicure! she yelled loudly into Bethanys door. I heard Bethany say something incoherently, and within seconds the door was open. 
Youre so lucky our friend is here or else I would kick your butt for that. Bethany smiled. Nothing comes between me and sleep.
You might have some trouble on the tour bus then, I told her. Luke and Raptor have been chomping at the bit to spend time with you again. Youll probably end up sharing beds first night in.
Gina and Bethany looked at each other and then to me. Their expressions gave it away that this was what they were hoping for. If that was the case, Id be taking the farthest bunk from that crazy madness and sleeping with headphones in. 
Before I can say what I wanted to say, Gina said, why dont we hurry up and get ready? Beth and I found a really yummy diner about fifteen minutes from here. Thank goodness for having two bathrooms. If we all had to share, it wouldve taken us over an hour to get ready, but with Bethany and I sharing a bathroom and Gina in her own, we were fully clothed with makeup in a half hour.  We piled into Ginas brand new Hummer and turned up the music as we drove alongside Detroit morning traffic. 
We arrived at The Hudson Caf, a place on Woodward Avenue, and I could hear my stomach growl in anticipation. 
You have to try the red velvet pancakes, B. Seriously, theyre so amazing, Bethany said as we were seated at one of the tables in the center of the room. 
I laughed as the waitress came up and handed us menus. I didnt really care what I ateI was just plain hungry. Sipping on our orange juices, I settled on what Bethanys suggestion and got the red velvet pancakes. They ordered stuffed French toast. 
So are you excited that were leaving in like a week? Gina asked me as we waited for our food. 
Yeah. Im ready to play music for the people again, especially after only practicing in the warehouse and that show on New Years. I replied honestly. But with that whole photo shoot snag I have to watch Kallie like a hawk. I dont trust her.
Oh for sure, Bethany said. But you have us with you and Im not afraid to kick her ass. She smiled. Well have to keep those boys in line though. When we hung out with them in Cali they were pretty crazy.
Well with Cales mood swings, it scares the crap out of me if hes going to drink too much, I said truthfully. I just get too worried hes going to end up doing something stupid.
Like whatfall off stage? Bethany teased, putting a smile to my face. Hes a grown man, dont be such a worry wart. Maybe hes like, depressed or bi-polarthat might explain the mood swings 
I had never thought about that before. I didnt want to be some overbearing girlfriend who worries about their boyfriend, but I also didnt want to have to wonder if one day Cale would be happy go lucky, then the next day pissed off. If he was either one of those things, he sure hadnt told me.  
Our food arrived and I dug into it immediately. 
Holy moley, why didnt you told me about this place sooner? I muffled in between bites. I need to come live with you guys. Seriously! 
You could, you know Bethany said, and Gina agreed. 
Its a three bedroom apartment, B. Youre always welcome whenever you decide not to stay in the loft anymore. 
I decided just recently that I wasnt going to stay in the loft much longer. I knew Louisa and Albertothe ones who let me stay in itwould be upset to see me go, but it was time I found something closer to the guys, or like Gina and Bethany mentioned, lived with them. Even though that wouldnt solve the distance problem. 
I was kidding, I said. But Im probably going to start looking for another place after the tour gets over with. 
Well, my offer still stands, B.F.F. Bethany grinned, finishing up what was on her plate. 
Afterwards, we found a nail salon that the waitress recommended, so we decided to give it a try. We spent the next few hours relaxing while we had our manicures and pedicures, talking about how excited they were to see all the different cities we would see on tour. 
When we were leaving the salon, I had a missed call and voicemail from Cale. As we headed onto the expressway north I listened:
Hey, Bryn, its me. Cale. Your devilishly handsome boyfriend. I really, really hope youre not mad at me. Please tell me youre not. I never wanted to pose with her for that picture in the first place, but I felt like I had no choice, ya know? I just dont want you upset or pissed with me. But anyways, I have a surprise for you back at your loft. Just something to show how much I love you and Im so lucky youve put up with my shit. But yeah
Before he could finish his message, my phone lost reception. I was a little hesitant to go home and see what he had in store for me. I still wasnt happy with him for what happened, whether it was good publicity or not.  
We slid, literally, along the downtown road as Gina and Bethany pulled up to Lozanos, my loft next door. 
Thanks for the amazing day, I said to them. Now my fingers and toes are just going to get dirty again in no time, but I needed the relaxation. 
We squeezed into a group hug, and went our separate ways. Ill see you guys in a couple of days bright and early! I shouted, before opening the door to walk upstairs. 
Oh, well be ready! Gina shouted, blowing air kisses and scurrying off to the car. 
I stomped the extra snow off of my boots as I entered my loft, not knowing what I was going to find. 
Everything was completely dark. Like I couldnt even see across the room. That was strange, because I usually kept a small night light plugged in so I didnt bump into things in the night.   
Hello? I called out, the thought of someone breaking into my place in the back of my mind. Is someone in here?
I flipped the switch next to the door and strings of lights instantly turned on around me, leaving a lighted trail to my bed. I slipped off my boots and socks, feeling the soft cushion of red rose petals beneath my feet as I took the steps to my bed, where yet again, there was a heart made out of white rose petals on the blanket. 
I had to do a double take. Did Cale really go through all of this trouble to show me how sorry he was for that picture with Kallie? I sat down on the edge of the bed, careful not to mess up the heart he created just for me. 
Seconds later, I could hear a faint noise coming from downstairs, inching closer to my door. It sounded like a guitar and sure enough Cale kicked the door open with his boot clad foot, playing chords to Iris by The Goo Goo Dolls as he softly sang the words.
My eyes were glued to his as he walked directly in the same path I did, singing every word to me. His eyes trailed from mine down to my lips, and suddenly I wished I had put on lip gloss or something because they were cracked from the cold. 
When he finished the song he set the guitar down beside my bed and got down on his knees in front of me so we were both at eye level. 
You didnt need to do all of this. I started to get choked up as Cale linked his fingers with mine, giving my hand a squeeze. Just to say you were sorry
Yes I did, Bryn. I know it bothered you, and I didnt want you to think I was happy with doing it either, He replied firmly, pressing his forehead against mine. If you liked this, just wait until I propose
Propose? Was he crazy? 
You better be joking about that, Pelton. We havent even known each other for a year, I scolded him, and he smirked, not showing off his perfect teeth. 
Oh really. Im hurt. He pretended to sound sad. But in all seriousness, when the timing is just right, I am going over the top, and I mean like crazy over the top, calling in the reinforcements, that kind of crazy.
My mouth then gravitated to his. I had to kiss him. Part of me just wanted him to stop rambling about crazy and marriage proposals. His lips met mine softly at first, but soon we both had a hunger inside of us we needed to satisfy. I opened my mouth further so he could slip his tongue in, meeting mine in the middle. His touch on my hands was cold, but I let go of his fingers, slipping my hands under his long sleeve Henley, feeling the warm ridges of his stomach muscles. I scooted my butt back onto the bed mid-kiss, letting Cale lay me down so my head was in the center of his homemade heart. 
I dreamt about this last night, Cale said, breaking off our passionate kiss. He sat up on his knees, watching me as I squirmed underneath him. You look so perfect lying there that way. Youre beautiful anyways, but I need to tell you that more because it seems like Ive been so caught up and
I put a finger up to his lips to hush him. You crack me up when you start to ramble like that I teased him, leaning up to quickly kiss him on the lips. 
Both of us scooted all the way against the headboard, where we laid down together. He was behind me, wrapping his arms around me so his hands were settled on my stomach. 
So did you have a good day with the girls? Cale whispered as we were pressed against each other in silence. 
Mhmm. Besides eating way too much ice cream last night. I wish I could go run or something because I feel like I gained five pounds. I laughed, and Cale squeezed me tighter. 
How come Ive never seen you that relaxed before? Cale whispered. I never knew you liked to do stuff like that. 
Because I never did that much until last night, I admitted. Living at home, I never really had a chance to sit on the couch and watch a movie while eating ice cream. My parents would let me sleep over at Ginas or Bethanys sometimes if I had made up the excuse we were studying, and then we would dive into a tub of ice cream, splitting it three ways.
Ill have to remember to get some stocked up in the freezer on the bus. Cale kissed just below my ear. 
You want me fat? I joked, turning around so I could see him. The expression on his face was priceless. I loved seeing his smile when he showed it off.
I would love you no matter what, Cale said. So eat whatever the hell you want.
I shook my head and buried it into his neck. 
We talk about the most random things when were in bed, I said. Do you realize that?
So what? Were still getting to know each other, Cale replied, reaching for the remote control on the nightstand by me. And now I think its totally curl up with your boyfriend and watch a movie time. 
What did you have in mind? I asked as he got up to look at my movie selection. 
Wellseeing as you dont have many guy movieswait He paused, grabbing a movie that was stashed behind all of the others and waving it around. You have Saw? Damn, he found the movie! I went out and bought that secretly just for the guys the next time they came over. I didnt want them to give me shit about not having any guy movies lying around. 
I nodded, and he immediately took the disc out and slipped it into the DVD player. 
Sorry. I was going to let you pick, he said. But at least if you get scared its a good excuse to cuddle up extra close and hold onto something
I threw one of my pillows across the room at him, hitting his side as he attempted to dodge it. You have a dirty mind, Cale Pelton, I shouted, and he ignored my comment as he bounced back onto the bed. 
I know. He winked. 
Of course he knew. 
Chapter 6: Live A Little
Cale 
I told her to live a little
We only have tonight
Ill have you on your knees in no time
Just have to let it go
Ever since the day after the photo shoot, I had sworn to the guys that I would be done with the pills. I told them I flushed the remainder of what I had down the toilet, but I tucked them away in my bag for the tour bus just in case I ever had chest pains. It was easier said than done. This tour was going to be a clean start for me. 
But after I planned my apology surprise for Bryn, nothing made me smile more than to see the look on her face when I walked into her loft playing Iris. I had a bunch of other songs in my head and couldnt decide which one I wanted to play, but Luke suggested that since apparently a lot of girls think its a mushy song. I didnt care. I just wanted Bryn to know I was sorry for agreeing to that shoot with Kallie. 
Dammit, are they here yet? Vince asked impatiently. We were awaiting Gina, Bethany and Bryns arrival to the warehouse. We were all meeting up there, since thats where Hal had parked the bus. 
I scratched the top of my head and shrugged. Theyre girls, dude. What do you expect? I had seen Bryn go through a morning routine of using a hair straightener, blow dryer, eye shadow, mascara, and stuff Id never even seen my sisters use. It was insane to me how badly a girl could rely on makeup. But Bryn promised me shed tone it down this time and not spend so much time getting ready. She said that her mom use to have everything laying out for her and expected her to always leave the house wearing the nicest clothes and every inch of that face covered with something. 
My personal opinion was fuck the makeup, but Im just a guywhat the hell did I know?
I texted Bryn and she said they were on their way though Raptor was starting to whine like a little girl so I kicked his shin and he landed in a snow bank in the parking lot. He laid there clutching his shin and letting out a string of cuss words. Whyd you do that?
Chill out, thats why. Youll have plenty of time to eye boggle her poor friends the next few months, Raptor. Maybe even get some if youre that lucky, but with how you sound like a preschooler with your whiningI doubt it.
He knew I was only busting his chops, but Raptor got pissed easily. He shot a dark glare my way and managed to get up, brushing snow off of his body. 
Better watch your back, Pelton. Ill be getting your ass this time around Raptor chuckled, patting me hard on the back before shoving me hard into the same bank he fell into. The cold snow hit my bare skin and I kept shouting, Shit, shit, shit! I was stupid for not wearing a winter coat or even something besides a flimsy t-shirt. 
Ohhh let the fun begin. I stuck out the middle finger in his direction, and everyone started howling laughing. I glanced over to see a Hummer pull into the parking lot, and sure enough, there were the girls. I could hear cheesy pop music blaring on the speakers as Bethany got out of the passengers seat and shot us all a smile. I looked next to me as I got up and saw Raptor with his mouth open all the way to the ground; I swore I could see drool dribbling down his chin. 
Keep your dick in your pants. I nudged his shoulder, snapping him out of whatever he was thinking. 
Shut the hell up. I was just admiring the view, boys, he said so the girls couldnt hear him. Bethany was the first to approach the rest of us, while Gina and Bryn were getting their luggage out of the back of the vehicle. 
Hey guys. Thanks for letting me tag along. Bethany smiled sweetly, giving each one of us a hug. She looked really pretty with a long purple sweater dress going past her ass and black leggings that went underneath her winter boots. Her strawberry blond hair was stick straight under her black beanie, and once again I heard Raptor talking to himself under his breath. 
Well its our pleasure for you to come along, Luke boasted, puffing out his chest. Youll have fun standing beside me off stage, or else we could skip watching the shows and just go back to the dressing room
Bethany didnt seem to oppose. Her eyes lit up, but then she quickly shook her head. Sorry, Luke. Ive missed way too many of my best friends shows. Im going to stick around for all of them. She patted him on the shoulder and kissed him on the cheek.
Damn. Give poor Luke a chance, hes been awfully lonely since we havent seen you girls. Raptor frowned, running a hand through his freshly cut hair. There was no more Mohawka first in years. When I saw Raptor for the first time after he shaved it off, I barely recognized him. Minus his tan, tattooed skin, probably no one else would recognize him on the tour besides us. He kept the little bit of hair he had back at his natural light brown color, which reminded me of our days back in middle school. 
Gina and Bethany came our way with their bags, and I hurried up to take them, but Raptor beat me to Ginas. 
Its the least I could do since youll be my bus buddy and all, he flirted with Gina, and she flipped her brown hair to the side, sticking her tongue out at him. 
Feed me a better pick up line and well see about that last part, Gina retorted, whispering in Bryns ear. Her green eyes were on mine and there was life inside of them that I hadnt seen in a while. I knew the feeling. After touring so many times and coming back home for a bit, I was always itching to go back out and play music. The first day of tour was always my favorite day; today was no exception. We were headed to Indiana, where we were playing a venue that we hadnt been to before, so my nerves were slowly taking over. Usually I was pretty calm when it came to just minutes before going on stage, but for some reason I felt different. But I had to shake that feeling because it was going to be the most kick-ass tour Everlasting had ever been on. 
Ready? Bryn came up to me, wrapping her arms around my waist and hugging me tight. Bryns hugs were the best as far as I was concerned. Our bodies fit together perfectly, especially when her head rested against my chest (away from my shot wound), and she could hear my heart beating. I let one of my hands rest in her hair while the other linked around her waist. 
Mmmm of course. Now that youre here. I let go of her and kissed her forehead before grabbing her bags and loading them onto the bus. Did you girls bring enough stuff? I commented. The bags were heavy as shit. 
Well you see Bethany started to say, pursing her lips, Theres hair straighteners, curling irons, makeup to last the next few months, my laptop
Plus enough girly movies so were not bored to death, Gina added. 
I rolled my eyes jokingly. Maybe this was a bad idea bringing not one but two more girls on the bus with us for the tour, but I knew it made Bryn happy to have her friends by her side. Thats really why I agreed to it. The other guys had their own reasons, and I was sure I was going to literally hear their reasons at some point. I told Tyler I gave it a week, and Raptor and Luke would have the girls in their bunks for sure. I shouldnt say girls are easy because that would make me sound like a complete dick, but really, it was the truth. At least from my experience. 
Itll be fun, Bryn promised as she lightly squeezed my hand. Ill share a bed with you at least.
I pulled Bryn into me, kissing her on the lips. Youre damn right, I growled. That back room is ours and no one elses. I watched Bryns cheeks turn red from embarrassment and she playfully slapped me away. Kidding. I guess we can share.
Bryn leaned up on her toes to kiss me again. Thank you. We all climbed onto the bus, and gave Gina and Bethany the grand tour. 
Shit this is ten times prettier than our apartment. Ginas eyes widened as she walked towards the bunks and eying just how big the bunks actually were. I could get used to this pretty quickly.
Youll probably get tired of it quicker though. Bryn linked arms with Gina. These guys are serious video gamers on certain days. Ive been roped in a few times, but its not so bad.
Video games? Bethany made a face. Ive never even touched one of those in my life.
Well, doll face, youre going to learn, Luke ordered, sneaking up behind her, causing her to squeal. Pretty soon youll be like a pro.
Youre really trying hard, arent you? She looked Luke square in the face, but I saw her smirk just a little. I felt bad for himonly slightly. He was going to have his work cut out for him with this girl. She seemed nice, but I remembered her and Gina grew up in the same kind of family as Bryn had, meaning they were pretty sheltered. But that wouldnt stop Vince from getting her if he really wanted her. 
Luke grinned like a little kid. Maybe
Come on! Bryn dragged the two girls with her towards the bedroom in the back. I say we totally take over the king sized bed and pull up a movie to watch. Bryn turned around to wink at me and the three of them took off like giddy school girls. 
Dammmmnn I wanted that bed, Tyler said as he plopped onto the couch facing the flat screen TV. 
Suck it up, buttercup well have to just take turns. Luke sat down beside him, turning on the screen to one of the HBO channels. But the girls cant hog it up.
Relax, boys. This is going to be our best tour yet. I clapped with enthusiasm. More so fake. I was itching for something that was stowed away in my bag that I placed on top of my bunk. So much for being on the right track. I had to think of a distraction quick. Why dont we get out the old school Tony Hawk shit and see who has to buy dinner who first?
Perfect. 
As Hal revved up the engine, the bus finally got rolling. I could hear the girls laughing away from the bedroom as I was kicking Tylers ass at skateboarding. Before we stopped at our first rest stop on the edge of Indiana and Michigan, Bryn came out for some air, landing straight onto my lap. 
Well this is a nice surprise, I said, setting my controller down next to me so I could wrap my hands around her waist. What are you guys watching back there?
10 Things I hate about you, Bryn replied. 
How did I know? I said sarcastically, wrinkling my nose to the sound of it. 
Well it wasnt my first pick, but its almost done now. Then were going to watch mine.
Let me guess I started to think of what movies I knew Bryn liked to watch. Magic Mike?
Bryn tipped her head back and laughed like a hyena. 
You know me too well she teased, lowering her face to my level as we bumped foreheads. I loved being this close to Bryn. She was the reason I wanted to make myself a better person. Hopefully someday I would be lucky enough to be her husband, but now I was getting way too ahead of myself. 
Of course. I winked, kissing her cheek as she got off of my lap. Now go back to the male strippers.
Bryn put her hands on her waist. Trying to get rid of me already?
I shook my head. No course not, babe. Why would you even think that? 
She giggled, not saying another word as she walked back to the bedroom, where I heard Gina and Bethany hooting and hollering at the movie, I assumed. 
After stopping at the rest area to stretch our legs, we only had another few hours to go until we were at our destination. I had been to Indianapolis before, and barely remembered any of my time there, so I was ready to make some new memories with my friends and my girlfriend. We pulled into the area of the venue where the other tour buses were, and the excitement was starting to set in. 
It was a brand new tour. New crowds, hopefully some familiar faces. I couldnt wait to rock their damn faces off with the music we had been working on for so long. I heard people screaming our names as they saw the buses pull into the gated, secluded area, and that was when Bryn and the girls finally reappeared from the bedroom. 
Its about time, Bethany groaned, stretching her arms above her head, showing off her tanned stomach underneath her thin long-sleeve shirt. Damn, if I wasnt with Bryn, I quickly thought to myself. I cant wait to see you guys play. 
You sure you dont want to stand in front as opposed to the side where all the roadies are? Bryn asked them, and they shook their heads. 
I feel more special watching you from the side of the stage. Makes me feel like Im with the band, Gina replied, slipping on a pair of what reminded me of hooker boots. They came all the way up to her knees and she wore a skirt that probably would show all of her goods if she sat down. I tried not to gawk because I had my beautiful girlfriend standing beside me looking especially breathtakingly sexy tonight. Somewhere along the way she had managed to change into black leggings and a black and white stripped t-shirt that fit all of her curves snuggly, going past her butt, thank goodness. I knew guys out there were going to think Bryn was scorching hotbecause truthfully she was. 
And she was real. She wasnt like that fake-ass Kallie Cooper who put on an act like she was tough shit, when really she was just an alcohol abuser who ran away from home. But who was I to judge? All I cared about was that she didnt try to come onto me or any of the other guys and Id be happy as can be. 
You look absolutely stunning, I murmured into the crook of Bryns neck, causing her to turn so I had more access. I fingered the fabric of her long shirt and said, Do you realize what this skin tight stuff does to me? Ill take you back in the dressing room right now and put up the do not disturb sign. Im this close.
You wish, my love. She broke away from my grasp and spun around for everyone to see. I cant believe its the first show already! I laughed as I watched her get herself pumped up. 
I instantly thought of what had happened last tour with Damon and Bryn. I shouldve kept a better eye on her or else she might not have been screaming because Damon wanted to have his way with her. Sure, she might have coaxed him into it and just freaked out, but I would defend Bryn any day. Those bloody knuckles were sure worth it, knowing I had bloodied up Damon Charmings face. 
I would make sure nothing like that happened again. 
Youll get like us at some point. You just shrug your shoulders and go, Eh just our first night, not a huge deal. Luke walked up to Bryn, giving her a sloppy brotherly kiss on the head. I shot a glare at him, warning him to back off my girl. He knew how protective I was of her. But Tyler, you nervous at all? He turned his attention to Tyler, who was still sitting on the couch in his dark washed jeans and faded out band t-shirt. Tyler was usually the one out of all of us that didnt get fazed by anything, and you could never tell by his expression if he was nervous, happy, or anything for that matter when it came to shows. 
Why would I be? He smirked. Its only my first big show minus the festival in less than a yearno pressure or anything. 
I helped Tyler up from his spot and gave him a quick hug. Theyll be glad to see you out there tonight. Dont worry about it, I reassured him. I wont fight you onstage tonight. 
That got Tyler to laugh, shaking strands of black hair out of his face. Better not. Ive been working on my hook. Next time youll be the one with a beat up face.
Well, Ill try not sleep with your girlfriend and get on your bad side again, he retorted, looking to Bryn and then me. Tyler pulled me aside and whispered, You didnt take those pills with you, did you?
Nah. Threw them down the toilet and flushed them, I said with a straight face. Im going to try to make it through these next few months cold turkey.
Tyler raised an eyebrow. Really?
Why is it so hard to believe?
Because how long has this been going on? Ill help you recover, dude, but if you slip up again, Ill tell Bryn, Tyler warned. Youre my best friend, Pelton. Im just looking out for you.
***
Bryn
Backstage was crazy, to say the least. We got everything inside and I could hear music blaring from Angels from Hells dressing room next door. I made sure Gina and Bethany had gotten their backstage passes, and they had those locked around their necks as if their lives depended on it. 
Look at all the delicious looking menI think weve hit the damn jackpot, girls! Bethany said, draping an arm around Gina and I as we walked into our dressing room. 
For you guys. Remember Im taken? I reminded them. 
Yeah. By Mr. McHotty pants. Seriously, on a one to ten scale hes like one thousand, Bethany boasted about my boyfriend and I couldnt help but laugh. But I dont know about Luke over therehes got the whole shaggy red haired nerdy rock star thing going on across the room. 
Jeeez, Beth, just go talk to him. Hes crazy about you, I tried to coax her along. And dont try to just get into his pants.
Thanks, mother. Bethany retorted. Its nice to know my bestie thinks thats the only reason Im checking him out. 
He is hot though, you cant deny it, Gina interrupted. Look at Raptor. I mean that man has a way with his words
La la la la la. Im not listening to you two talk about my guys like this! I covered my ears. Now go over there, dammit.
Some friend you are. Gina kissed me on the cheek and giggled, flashing me a smile before they strutted over to Luke and Raptors direction, basically staking their claim. Oh those two I thought to myself, walking over to where Tyler and Cale stood talking to someone from The Brittle Souls. 
Theres my girl. Cale immediately picked me up into his arms, squeezing me tightly before setting me down in front of him. Can I have you to myself for a couple of minutes?
I gestured to the people that were in the room with us, looking back at Cale. With all these people around?
No, you silly girl, I wasnt even thinking that. I think I gave you that dirty mind. He winked. I meant I want to sit down and hold you until the very last second before we have to go on. I didnt want to interrupt you and your girls movie session.
I looked into his amber eyes and smiled. He was being extra sweet tonight, and to my surprise, not drinking. My mind flickered back to my very first night on tour last year where I had walked in and he was shirtless and pretty drunk before the night was over. But I was tipsy too, I couldnt lie. I was going to try to stick with my sodas this time around because all the alcohol did was get me into trouble. 
I leaned in closer to him and let my body relax against his. Its okay. Well get our time dont worry, I assured him. Plus you can totally check me out on stage anytime you want.
Cale growled in my ear. Thatll just get me into trouble. I dont want to have a hard-on while Im trying to run around and entertain. 
Hey! Guys said we have about 20 minutes before you we on! Raptor shouted from the doorway. I watched Bethany detach herself from Luke so they could follow Tyler, Cale and I out backstage. 
You guys will be on the side, right? I asked them one last time before going to set up my guitar.
They both waved me off. Of course, girl. Go ahead and well be out in a bit. Bethany said.
As I was walking down the hallway where the dressing rooms were at, I bumped square into Kallie Cooper. This time she didnt have her signature sunglasses over her eyes and was dressed to kill.
She gave me a friendly smile and said, Damn girl, I might have some competition! Then she came up and hugged me. Im sorry about the last couple of times weve been around each other. Im not a nice person to deal with unless you get on my good side. Then its smooth sailing. I cocked an eyebrow in surprise. I couldnt figure Kallie out if I tried. So I decided Id be nice to her while it lasted. 
Dont worry about it. Its going to be a fun time the next few months, I told her as she adjusted the belt on her high-waist shorts. 
For sure. Kallie paused, and then continued to walk. Especially since I can watch Cale on stage every night. After that photo shoot I feel totally different about him. And with that, she winked and slammed the door to their dressing room. My hands curled into fists, and I was this close to breaking down the door to punch her for that comment.  What did she mean anyway? Was she trying to steal my boyfriend away? 
Game on, bitch. 
I pushed Kallie out of my mind as I walked out to where Cale was talking with Raptor backstage and Raptor instantly ran over to me and picked me up over his head. 
Raptor, you better put me the hell down! I shrieked and he spun me around. Damn him for doing that. I was going to get dizzy and stumble around on stage because of him. If I throw up on you, its your fault! 
That got him to stop. He set me down and Cale playfully shoved him. When Raptor cut his Mohawk the night before tour, I was beside myself. That was essentially what made him Raptor. I had seen him with every color Mohawk imaginable, always styled to perfection. Now his hair was barely there. It gave him a whole new look, which he said was what he wanted, since he wasnt playing anymore. He wanted to blend in so to speak. 
I just had the funniest vision of you vomiting all over his new hair-do, Cale teased. Still cant believe you did that, dude.
I wanted a change. It was hard to maintain that shit every day, Raptor replied, patting me on the shoulder. Anyways, shits set up so good luck out there and dont break a leg. I smiled and gave him a hug.
After tuning up our instruments and a bit of off stage pep talk, it was time for us to go on. We agreed with Angels from Hell to switch going last every other night since it was considered a co-headlining tour. I liked it that way because it kept me on my toes. Plus I could see how Kallie Cooper handled big crowds, since the only time Id seen the band was New Years Eve. 
Ready everyone? Cale asked as the five of us huddled up together. Lets make this the best first night on tour ever and show them who we are!
Yeah! we chanted in return, slapping each others hands. Tyler started the drum beat to Away from You and that was when the rest of us strapped on our instruments and ran out on stage. Cale ran behind us, his voice booming through the venue, and fans already screaming for us to come on. I took my place closest to the side where Gina and Bethany were standing offstage chatting it up with Raptor. 
As soon as we hit the first chorus and our triple harmony, it was crazier than I had ever seen. I couldnt get enough of it. When youre up on the stage and you see people moshing and throwing their fists up at your music, it gives you a good feeling inside. Its indescribable. It pushes me to put on a great show for these people.  I hadnt been doing it for that long, but being up onstage in front of a few thousand people, I felt like the crowds were my second family besides the guys in the band. 
You guys are awesome, Indianapolis! I shouted into my mic, just after we finished our fourth song. Thanks for having us tonight.
Then Luke stepped in front of me to use my mic. We wanted to break the news, if you havent seen or heard already, that we have an old member back with us in the group. After Raptor had some injuries with his arm, we needed to find a replacement drummer. None other than Tyler Donahue stepped into Raptors shoes and is back in Everlasting after a brief time away. Tyler stood up from his stool and threw one of his drum sticks into the audience, sending everyone into a frenzy. They started to shout Tyler! Tyler! and the smile on his face was un-mistakable. 
He waved and pulled another drum stick out, leading us into our next song. So far we had played the best wed played in a long time. Even better than all of the long practices we had before the tour. From the expressions on all of our faces, everyone was having a blast. But Cale stole the show. Even when we suggested he toned down his running around on stage because of the wound by his heart, he didnt want to hear any of it. So there he was, jumping onto speakers, then leaping off stage to shake hands with the people in the front row. 
It didnt help my lady parts any, especially when he would stand literally inches from me as we sang together. It completely turned me on, and I gave him a silent Youre killing me glare. He knew full-well what he was doing, but it was all a part of the show. 
During our last song Live Free, we had Tyler sing Aces part since he wasnt there with us. It was the first time I heard him actually sing since the night he sang karaoke at Crabby Petes. Their voices were totally different, since Ace could hit high notes better than I could, and Tylers had more grit to it. When the lights dimmed and our set was finished, I could feel the sweat dripping down my face and onto my chest as I hurried off stage and packed my guitar away. 
Bryn Michelle Schaefler, you can frickin rock! Bethany shrieked, pulling me into a hug as I packed my guitar away backstage after the set. I still cant believe my best friend is a guitar goddess.
I laughed. And look at my model best friends. Im more jealous of you two than anything.
Oh please, Gina said. Those guys out there were totally drooling over you. Id be too scared to go out there on stage like that. She laughed. Weve done photo shoots, but theres not as many people around as here.
You ladies enjoy the set? Luke asked, encircling an arm around Bethanys tiny waist after he rolled the amplifiers offstage. Her eyes lit up like the fourth of July as he leaned into her. 
You know it. It was pretty amazing. Bethany giggled, eating up all the attention Luke was giving her. It was quickly interrupted by the members from Angels from Hell, and their roadies coming to set up their equipment. 
Thats her, huh? Gina whispered to me, referring to Kallie, and I nodded. She was holding a conversation with one of the other band members when she nearly bumped into us.
Oops. Im sorry, I didnt really mean to do that. She pretended to sound sorry, covering her mouth with a hand. Hi again, Bryn. Whos this? She gestured to Bethany. 
These are my best friends from back home, Gina Wilder and Bethany Buckingham. They just came back from California after modeling for quite a bit. I explained, the three of our arms intertwining. Girls, this is Kallie Cooper, lead singer of Angels form Hell.
Wow Cali, huh? Whyd you leave there? Kallie asked.
Wanted to be closer to home, Bethany snipped Theres jobs around the area that weve been doing to fill up time. She stood a little straighter in her four inch heels. Plus Bryn invited us to come along with them for the tour and we couldnt pass up spending time with our best friend and these guys.
Kallie cocked her hip to the side, her head looking around for something. Sorry to cut this short, ladies, she said, speaking over the loud music that was playing in between our sets and the audience. It was nice to meet you and all, but I need to discuss some stage details with Mr. Pelton over there. She sauntered over to Cale, who was standing by a water cooler with Tyler and Luke. My stomach immediately started feeling sick. I didnt like the way she said stage details. That couldve meant anything. I wanted to follow her to where Cale was standing off at the side backstage and rip what little hair she had out of her head. 
She seems lovely, Gina said sarcastically. I can see well just be the best of friends.
Yeah, Im kind of learning to just stay out of her way. Shes usually just a plain old bitch, I admitted, glad she couldnt hear our conversation from where we were standing. 
If she says anything to your face while Im around, Im not afraid to fight her, Bethany joked. I may be skinny, but I can throw a good punch when I need too.
Its alright. Lets just forget about her and have a good rest of the night. 
As we were heading back to the dressing room, Cale caught up to us. 
Hey, are you going to the bus? Cale asked as Gina and Bethany kept walking, laughing about something. His arm was lightly brushing mine as his eyes stared directly into mine. 
No, we were going to wait around for you guys. Why? Does this have something to do with whatever Kallie wanted to discuss with you? 
Cale stiffened up at the mention of her name. I didnt want to talk to her, trust me. But we sort of have to since our bands are touring together. He hesitated. But I was going to say that she asked me to go onstage with them and sing one of their songs?  
And youre asking me if you can do this why? Sure, it was nice of him to at least forewarn me because Id want to watch him on stage, but the way he was bringing it up made it seem like he was a little kid asking his parents for something he shouldnt have. 
I dont know, I he said. I saw that she was acting like an ass to you, Gina, and Beth. I didnt want to agree to anything and piss you off. He shrugged, kissing me on the lips. 
I waved him off. Its not a big deal. Actually I love it. I can watch you on stage for a change instead of playing beside you. I smiled, our fingers linking together at our sides. Mine were callused and rough from playing the guitar everyday while Cales were smooth like silk. Perfect opposites, but it worked for us. And I get to check you out, knowing that Im the one youre sleeping with tonight.
Cale groaned against my mouth. Now thats the spirit. He kissed me again before taking off back towards the side of the stage to practice with Angels from Hell, or whatever he was going to do. Thats why I love you! He shouted, turning back to form a heart with his hands before facing the other way again. 
Angels from Hell were in full swing by the time I got a water and grabbed some of the guys (Tyler stayed behind to relax a bit). I had to give this woman credit: she had a natural talent. Her voice oozed rock n roll and you could tell every time she opened her mouth that she meant every word that she sang. Plus the guys in the crowd were screaming her name every chance possible, to which I heard her say Sorry, boys youll have to wait in line. I thought about shouting out Tramp! But Id get my ass kicked not only by her but half the people in the crowd. 
Everybody still rockin out there? Kallie yelled into the microphone, taking a swig of her open bottle of Whiskey and setting it down by the drum set. Okay, right now Id like to bring out a special guest. Being the first night on this tour with a couple of amazing groups and some wicked talent, it was a no brainer to bring this guy out to sing with us. Everyone please welcome mister Cale Pelton from Everlasting! 
Cale ran out from the other side of the stage, microphone in hand. The crowd erupted into unanimous cheers of excitement as he shook hands with the guitar players and bassist, shutting Kallie down besides a slight wave before speaking into his mic. 
Nice to see you guys again! Cale bellowed, hands flying into the air as the band went straight into Nice and Easy. I watched Kallie approach Cale as she sang the sultry words to the song, which made me uneasy.
I dont do nice and easy
I want you to go fast and hard
Show me how much you love me 
Could she be any more obvious about what she was thinking? Cale seemed pretty into it as he sung the next chorus, getting up close and personal with the crowd. Towards the end of the song, they were singing directly facing each other as if they were singing the words to one another. When Kallie sang the last note, I knew something would happen. She turned to look past Cale in my direction, winked at me, and then kissed Cale dead on the fucking lips. 
Are you kidding me?
My claws were ready to come out. Maybe Cale would push her away and walk off stage, but did he?
Hell no. He kissed her right back, wrapping his arms around her petite waist and going in for the kill. 
My stomach was queasy, and my mouth dropped to the floor. I couldnt move. In my head I kept saying Go out there and drag him off the stage! but my body was unable to take another step. That whole act was on purpose, some sort of plot to get my boyfriend. I didnt care anymore. He was stupid enough to kiss her, so he could go to hell too. 
I managed to move, my feet picking up quickly as I ran past Vince, Raptor, and Luke, who were just as surprised as I was. 
Brynwait! Raptor tried to keep me from running farther, but I wasnt in the mood to hear any of the cheering crowd or their words of pity because I just witnessed my boyfriend make out with another girl on stage. 
I tried so hard not to cry. I held back tears for as long as I could until I made it to the dressing room. The door was shut, but I didnt bother to knock, so I slammed it open, only to find Tyler lying on the leather sofa with his headphones in his ears. It looked like he was sleeping, or at least lost in thought or whatever because his eyes were closed with his hands behind his head. 
Once the door closed loudly again, he sat straight up to see me in my disheveled state and threw the headphones to the side. 
The hell, Bryn? he snapped. Noticing that I was on the verge of waterworks, he changed his tone. What happenedare you okay? 
Not knowing what to do, I slumped onto the couch next to him, face in my hands and rocking back and forth. Idont even knowhow to explain
What do you mean, B? I thought you guys were out watching Angels? That was the problem, I muttered, looking up at him. I never realized other girls were such shallow bitch-faces that enjoyed making their enemies miserable. 
Tyler let out a laugh, draping an arm around me. I completely agree. When I glared at him, he shot me a bright smile. Kidding, Bryn. What did Kallie do that has you hot and bothered?
She kissed Cale on stage, I replied, not wanting to relive that moment any longer. 
He fucking did what? Tyler asked, sounding completely irritated. 
Cale kissed Kallie Cooper on stage I repeated slower, and I watched Tylers mouth twitch and his free hand curl up into a tight fist. 
Ill go kick his fucking ass, Bryn, Tyler said.  He started to get up from the couch, but my nails dug into his arm. Let me go, Bryn. I need to take care of the mother
Please dont do anything, I whispered. I dont want to cause a big scene, especially being the first night of a long tour. Its not worth it. 
Tyler ignored me. To hell it isnt.
Im serious. I looked him dead in his eyes. For a split second I caught myself staring into them. He really did have nice eyes. The kind you could get lost in if you really wanted to. But damn, I couldnt think about Tyler like that. Id be using him for revenge and that wasnt me. Or was it?
And Im dead serious, Bryn. He doesnt deserve you, Tyler spat. Youre way too good for him. Just like you were way too good for my cousinas much as I hate to admit that. He was referring to my ex-boyfriend Ethan Donahue, who I had dumped over a cruel joke made against me right before I had left my parents house last year. Even though our parents set us up, we really did care about each other and dated for over 2 years. 
Tyler stood up from the couch, loosening himself from my grasp. I pleaded with him one more time. Please dont, Ty. Just try and get me to laugh or something so I can forget about it all. I put on a fake smile and he held out a hand to lift me up. 
We stood facing each other and he cracked a small smile. What? he said. I thought me punching your boyfriend in the face when he comes back would make you laugh!
I sighed. That sounded awfully tempting at the moment, but I didnt want Tyler and Cale to get into a fight over me. I took a couple steps towards Tyler and wrapped my arms around his torso, pulling him into a hug. 
Not today at least, I murmured against his t-shirt; it was still wet from when Tyler poured water on himself after the set. I appreciate you trying, though. You seem to have my back lately and Im not sure why. 
Why not? Were bandmates, Bryn. We have a lot in common, unlike the other guys. I grew up with loads of money like you did. Except my parents werent like Mr. and Mrs. Schaefler by any means. I justI care about you. Not like Im in love with you or Im trying to steal you from Cale, but I want to look out for you and have your back.
Not like Im in love with you. I repeated the words in my mind over and over as I lifted my head off Tylers now soaked chest from the tears I had been crying. He didnt seem bothered as he held me tighter, rubbing small circles along my spine. I wasnt sure what to think of those words. Deep down, I had a tiny bit of feelings for Tyler, but I wasnt going to let that jeopardize anything involving Cale or the band. It was impossible not to think Tyler was attractive. He started to grow out his black hair so it was almost down to his chin, and most of it was styled so it covered part of his face. It gave him the mysterious rock star persona, and it suited him well.
I had to let the jackass explain himself before I did anything too drastic though. 
I sniffled, and then crept onto my tip toes, doing the unthinkable. 
Kissing Tyler Donahue. 
So much for letting Cale explain himself first, huh?
My lips grazed his for a split second, but then Tyler grabbed the back of my shirt and balled it together, pinning me against him as close as feasibly possible. He kissed me back, seeming hesitant at first, but his tongue slipped into my mouth and intertwined with mine. I dont know how long we were kissing, but I heard a knock on the door and voices shouting, LET US IN, DONAHUE! 
We immediately separated as soon as we heard the door knob jiggle. Both of us were breathing heavily and had panic written on our faces. What if we had been caught?
Shit, I mumbled to myself, covering up my mouth. My eyes drifted back to Tylers guilt stricken face and I said, Dont tell anyone what just happened. No oneespecially Calecan know about this. 
Tyler put his hands up. Im sorry, Bryn. I...I shouldnt have kissed you back. He shook his head and yelled towards the guys behind the door, IM COMING! RELAX! 
He opened the door and Vince, Luke, Raptor and Cale filed into the dressing room one by one. Of course, Pelton had to be the last one in. He had a hell of a lot of explaining to do. 
But I did too. I kissed his best fucking friend out of spite. No one had to know, though. It was only one kisswouldnt happen againnot ever. Hopefully. 
Howd it go, Cale? Tyler asked casually, pouring a drink and handing it over to Cale. 
That crowd is wicked. Cale grinned, taking a sip of the amber liquid. If tonight is a sign of whats to come, this is going to be a hell of a ride. 
I rolled my eyes at his response. Did he even care I was standing right there listening to him like there was nothing wrong?
I caught Raptor glancing over at me, offering me a sympathetic smile. The guys stood there awkwardly as I pushed past them, mumbling, Ill be on the bus with the girls. Heading out the door, I could feel Cales eyes piercing a hole through my back, but I wasnt going to confront him here, not in front of everyone. Less drama the better. 
Before I could get outside, I felt a hand softly grab my wrist. Bryn, Cale whispered, spinning me to face him. Tell me you didnt see it.
I looked at him with disgust. Tell you I didnt see what, Cale? What exactly? You mean that kiss? 
His head bent down so I couldnt see his reaction. Yeah, thats exactly what I didnt want you to see. Shit
Seriouslyall you have to say is shit? You knew I was going to be on the side watching you, Cale! So of course I fucking watched you kiss her right on back in front of all of those people.
I didnt want to do that, Bryn. It just happened he pleaded. Part of me wanted to believe him, but the whole It just happened excuse was too clich for me to buy. 
Whatever. I saw how you kissed her back, Cale. Itd be different if it was like a kiss on the cheek, hand or forehead maybe, but SMACK DAB on the lips? Thats just shitty and you know it I laid into him. Is this going to be some kind of nightly thing? Are you two going to suck face every night on stage for the whole audience to see? 
I moved away from his grip, distancing myself a few feet. 
Bryn, it was just a one-time thing. She thought itd be a good way to start things off
Oh yeah, of course. Shes out to get me for whatever reason and so she does it by kissing my boyfriend on stage, I retorted. Yup, thats a perfect way to start the tour off, Cale. Great job. I patted him on the shoulder hard and walked away, leaving him speechless. I had nothing else to say to him. All I wanted to do was get back to my best friends, maybe cry on one of their shoulders, and go to sleep. 
Sounded like a great night to me. 
Chapter 7: Everything Changes
Cale 
When everything changes
Ill still be there watching and waiting
Just for that one chance 
To show you I could be the one
I had to make it up to her. 
I shouldve told Kallie to go fuck herself when she suggested we kiss during the song. She thought it would rile things up a little bit. Yeah, they sure did. I had one pissed off girlfriend who hasnt spoken to me for two nights except when we sang together on stage. 
Gina and Bethany got me pretty good too. Bryn had slept in later the next morning, but as soon as we stopped at a rest area, they pulled me aside and assured me if that happened again to their best friend theyd stick one of their stilettos up my ass. 
That was definitely not going to happen, so I had to think of a way to get Bryn to realize how sorry I was. And Id never had to do that before in my life. With Lucy, I surprisingly never did anything like kiss another girl we toured withor any other girl besides her for that matter. 
She still not talking to you? Raptor sat down beside me just as we started up Call of Duty: Black Ops on our XBOX 360. I had only seen Bryn once that morning and that was when she got up to go to the bathroom before she retreated back to her bunk. 
No. Ive tried to apologize over and over but shes not hearing it, I replied. Why are girls so complicated? 
Thats how theyre frickin made, dude. Hate to tell you. Raptor wrapped an arm around me and chuckled. Maybe you shouldnt have kissed another girl when your girlfriend was watching feet away.
Thanks for rubbing it in, I said sarcastically. That just makes me a big jackass in her eyes. 
You think? Luke butted in, grabbing a controller as the game started. We watched her practically stand there motionless while you kissed Kallie. She ran right back to the dressing room after because she couldnt stomach the rest of the set. Id already felt guilty about that single kiss, but the guys continued to rub it in. 
Well what am I supposed to do? It happened days ago. She should be over it by now. Or so I thought. But I could never see into the minds of girls. With three sisters and my mom, Id tried to do that many times with no success.  
Maybe kidnap her and take her out to dinner? I dont know, Tyler suggested as he walked out from the mini kitchen area. Or roses. Something girly.
Yeah, coming from the guy with the perfect track record of winning girls over, I replied. Ever since I had known Tyler, he hadnt been with a girl for more than a few months at the max. 
Shut the hell up, dick, Tyler snapped. Shouldnt have happened in the first place.
Whatever, Ill figure this shit out by myself, I muttered. 
We continued to play Call of Duty for the next couple of hours until Hal stopped to get gas. Gina and Bethany walked past us, saying good morning to everyone but me, then Bryn soon followed. She was thumbing through something on her phone so she didnt take the time to look my way, but she looked like her beautiful self today. Her black hair in a low side ponytail, and a Pink zip up hoodie and matching sweat pants with black sketchers. 
Go talk to her, Vince said, just as he set his controller down. 
I got up and followed a few feet behind her. Bethany and Gina were inside the gas station looking at snacks and I snuck up on Bryn
Are you going to talk to me yet? I whispered into her ear, my hands reaching around to settle on her stomach over her hoodie. 
Apologizing yet? Bryn asked coldly, not turning around. 
Ive tried to, Bryn. We cant go on like this! Bandmates that cant even communicate in a civil manner? How many times have I said Im sorry? I was ready to get down my knees in the dirty gas station parking lot and plead. Wow I was whipped. 
Bryn spun to look at me. I knew the reason she had dark circles around her eyes was because of me. But I wanted to be an ass and just say get over it already. Kallie already came up to her the next night and apologized and Bryn completely blew her off. 
Alright, I get it. Youre sorry. Now can I go get some snacks and something to drink? she snapped. 
I stepped closer to her, engulfing her into a hug. She squirmed at first, but her body relaxed and she gave in, even though her arms were at her sides. It was a start, and Id take whatever I could get. 
Kissing her on the forehead, I shooed her along. Get me something too, pretty please? I asked. 
Go your damn self, you lazy man. Its only a couple more steps, Bryn replied, the corners of her mouth tipped up in amusement. She ran into the gas station with Gina and Bethany. I shook my head at her and smiled to myself. After we all regrouped with our big 44oz. drinks, bags of chips and candy, Hal started up the bus again and we were off. 
Right after we got back on the road, I walked back to the bedroom where I saw Bryn by herself reading a book underneath the covers of the bed. 
I knocked on the inside of the wall and she looked up, startled to see me. 
Can I come in or are you going to bite my head off? I joked.
No, I wouldnt do that. Bryn giggled quietly. Then who would take your place in the band?
I cocked my head to the side and said, You could.
Har har, very funny. Now come here. She lifted a finger, insisting I sit down beside her. I plopped onto the bed and stretched out my arms, placing them behind my head. 
What are you reading? I peeked over at the cover of the paperback and she showed it to me. 
Lick by Kylie Scott, she replied, her eyes returning back to the pages. I just started it, but I think Im in love with the main character David.
I chuckled. Oh really, what about me?
She shook her head. I can have book boyfriends! she defended herself. I still love you, I suppose. 
I dont know how I feel about this long haired David guy I started ranting, and Bryn shut the book and threw it at me. Hey, hey take it easy on me, will you? I thought you were starting to warm up to me again, am I right?
Bryn rolled her eyes, retrieving the book from where it landed and setting it beside her. Ill just tell you one time and one time only, Cale: if I ever hear anything about how Kallie tries to kiss you, let alone anything else BESIDES anything music related, I will not only sock her and put her in her place, but I will also quit the band. And Im being completely dead serious too so you can wipe the surprised look off your face.
Yeah I was surprised. As much as that warning shouldve affected me, I loved hearing my girl getting mouthy and using threats. Her face scrunched up in the right spots as she tried her best to act serious. 
I saluted her, attempting not to laugh at how she was trying not to smile. Whatever you say, maam. I think I can handle that. But if you ever did try to quit, Id just tie you to this bed with some of my t-shirts.
Finally, a smile broke from her mouth. If I just say I finally accept your apology, will you stop talking and just keep me company? Her sharp green eyes pleaded with me. Looking into those eyes, it was hard to object to anything Bryn had to say. 
I think that would work, I replied, leaving only to grab my cell phone and coming right back so we could listen to my favorite Pandora station. I lay back down beside Bryn and she curled up beside me, eyes still glued to the book, while I drifted off to sleep. 
***
I wasnt sure of how long I slept, but I woke up a happy man to say the least. Even if my girlfriend was pushing at me to get off of her so she could get up.
Pelton, youre snoring and you need to get your ass off of me because were here. Bryn snickered, trying to move one of my muscular arms from around her waist. Or else Ill resort to asking for help from the boys and they can throw water on you instead. 
Opposed to the last idea, I decided to poke my head up and pretend I never heard what she said. 
Whatd you say, babe? I was still dreaming I mumbled, my arms sliding off of her as I climbed out of bed. 
I saiiiiddd get up because were here, she reiterated, following my lead as she wrapped me up into one of her amazing Bryn hugs that I could never get enough of. I want to avoid that bitch as much as possible, so Im trying to get a head start here.
You dont have anything to worry about, B, I reassured her, running a hand through her disheveled hair. If Kallie gives you any hassles, Ill gladly kick them off the tour and find some other band to replace them. 
No, dont do that, she replied quietly. Ill just have to put on my big girl pants and play nice for now. But Im still watching her like a hawk because I dont trust her one bit around you.
Wouldnt have it any other way, I said. Maybe if I just kiss you on stage everyone will forget about what happened?
She slapped my arm and laughed. Yeah right. I dont need to kiss you in public to make people see were together. Our lips met halfway and I kissed her for the first time in days. The way her lips felt as we continued our assault, it seemed as if shed never been kissed. 
We separated and Bryn had a goofy look on her face.  
Whats that look for? I asked as we now stood outside the bedroom curtain. 
Bryn shrugged, turning back to me. Im glad I forgave you. Thats all. Then she licked her lips and ran up to meet the rest of the guys who were outside taking a smoke break. Damn the way she licked those lips. Slow and easy; she wanted to tease me bad and it worked because my dick was hard in my pants. 
Not to mention my chest was throbbing like a bitch and I told myself not to go straight for the hidden pills. Maybe if I made it through the set and I was still moaning and groaning Id go get them. But for now I would try to push the pain out of my head and focus on the show tonight. So far, even though it had only been a couple of nights, wed all toned it down a bit, mostly after the first show. But tonight I wanted to reserve a couple of hotel rooms nearby and have a huge party and get trashed. Thatd take my mind off of the pain and the urge for the remedy. 
Inside the venue, we were getting everything unloaded back stage when the girl I had been trying to avoid showed up, gladiators in her hand. 
Make it up to her yet? Kallie asked with a snarky attitude. I tried to ignore her and head in the opposite direction, but all five foot two of her stood in my way. 
Could you please move? I asked as nicely as I could, but she wasnt about to budge. 
Im sorry, I think itd be nice and gentlemanly of you if youd actually answer my question, ass. she snapped. Because if I were that snooty little rich girl, Id be running for the hills. Shes not cut out for this shit and especially after that kiss we shared, Id even be a little jealous.
So help me I would never want to hit a girl nor ever try, but this one was pushing my buttons all too quickly. 
I got down into her face and made sure I was eye level with her. Listen, shorty. I thought I told you that was never going to happen again on this tour. You need to keep my girlfriend slash band mate out of your fucking mouth or Ill rip out your goddamn tongue and make your life a living hell. When she didnt respond, I got even more so into her face, practically bumping noses. Is that clear, princess? If it wasnt for the fact that your band has talent, youd be off this tour so goddamn fast youd never have a singing career again.
Oh when youre all pissed off like this it is such a turn on. Kallie smirked, letting out an evil laugh and spinning around. Well talk later. Its a matter of time, She called over her shoulder, heading towards where her other band mates were. Bryn was right I muttered under my breath, going right back to the dressing room where my girl was waiting for me. 
Inside, her, Gina and Bethany were singing along to old school Linkin Park and the guys were eye boggling them from the other side of the room. It was quite humorous to see how Raptor and Luke acted around Gina and Bethany. I teased them, saying that it was like theyd never seen a beautiful girl before, but in all actuality, since I had found the girl of my dreams, I thought it was about time they did too. Plus Gina and Bethany were half way decent girls and didnt fit into the rich girl stereotype at all. They got more easy-going and talkative to all of us during the past couple of days and they loosened Bryn up too. 
Bryn spotted me and ran over, putting her arms around me. Im happy to see you too, I responded as she kissed me on my lips. 
I can go kiss someone else if you dont want me to Bryn teased, and I immediately shook my head. 
Thats cruel revenge, my friend, I scolded her and her lips curled up. 
I know. 
Hey, you need a drink before the set? Tyler asked, pouring a small cup of rum and handing it to me. 
Why the hell not? I said. But Im saving the rest for afterwards. We were planning on staying at one of the nicer hotels in town and renting a few suites. 
There you gojust keep it away from me, Tyler replied, patting my back and whispering something to Bryn. I furrowed my eyebrows at the sight, wondering what was so important that he had to talk to her in secret. They werent the ones that were together, we were. Her and I. Dammit, there I went overreacting. I needed my fucking pills. But it was too close to show time for me to go back. 
Better tell him that one, I heard Bryn say in a fit of laughter. 
I raised an eyebrow. 
Tyler slung an arm around me and whispered, You need to be my wing-man tonight, bud.
What? Is Tyler Donahue finally going to look for some action? I acted surprised. 
Oh please. Im a damn guy, Pelton. Im not going to go through this whole tour without some kind of action. Tyler groaned. I mean even fucking Raptor and Luke are getting some
Bryn cackled from behind him, slinging her arms around our shoulders. Tyler, you sound like a whiny girl. You wont get any action like that. Youll need my help, not this guy. She looked over at me and winked, kissing me on the cheek. Sorry, babe but its true. If they see me on his arm, the girls will get jealous and make a beeline for him. Only makes sense. 
The idea of another girlfriend of mine pretending to be with Tyler makes my stomach turn. I didnt give a shit if Bryn was only suggesting the idea to help a friend out, but from experience, thats what lead to something more. 
Oh thanks, Bryn. What about me? Vince chimed in, overhearing our conversation. 
What about you? I teased, speaking for Bryn. You dont need help getting girls, dude.
Vince shrugged. Coming from the guy who can get laid any chance he wants since you essentially live with her the next few months. Thats cool though, I can get a halfway decent looking girl on my own. Dont you worry? Vince grinned and I mumbled under my breath, Whatever you say, brother.
On stage that night, we were on fire. I tried to stretch myself out or figure out some way to get rid of the chest pain before we went on, but it was no use. So through most of our songs when I had to scream or hit the higher notes to match Bryns harmony, I had to pat my chest. It looked like I had fucking paranoia.  Dont ask me why that worked though, I wish I knew. I had the tendency while performing our songs to run around like a wild tiger, but the people loved it. 
I only stopped moving when I went behind the keyboard to play Time, and even then I was just itching to get back out, stand on speakers, and crowd surf while I sang. I had fond memories of when we first started out in small halls around town where I would fall backwards and the crowd would lift me up and pass me around until I landed in the middle of a mosh pit. This was my calling though, seeing all of those faces stare up at me as I sang, fists pumping the air, shouting the lyrics back to us, I was living the dream right here. I was just lucky enough to have my brothers along for the crazy ride. And Bryn. 
She looked so beautiful to me when she was holding that purple seven string guitar. Every show, I watched Bryn come out of her shell a little more, and everyone loved it. I heard guys shouting random things in her direction, and she would just smile and wave to the crowd while I clenched my hand around the microphone and sang with an extra ounce of passion, or as I called it, wanting to kick someones ass if they came near my girl. 
Thanks so much, Virginia! Its always a pleasure to see your rocking faces! I said through the mic as Bryn and Luke went off stage to swap out guitars. Its so surreal sometimes to see so many faces and bodies coming together to enjoy one thing: their love of music. I was in the crowds not that long ago watching my favorite bands rocking it out on stage with all the confidence in the world. And now here we are. I can never thank all of you enough for supporting us and the other bands on this tour. Now were going to finish out the set tonight with a few new songs off the brand new album New Beginnings, which is out now so go pick it up, my friends! End rant. 
I was sweating my ass off by the time we finished Live Free. I wanted to go back out and do an encore for these people since this was one of the best crowds Everlasting had played for in a long time, but I was more eager about going out and partying. More so spending some quality time with my Bryn. We started packing everything up as soon as we got off stage, not even bothering to stay for Angels from Hell. With the whole Kallie situation, it was better if I stayed as far away as I could from her. 
I was still in the dressing room trying to rest for a few minutes when Bryn popped her head in. Im going out to the bus. Were leaving soon.
Hey, before you go I stopped Bryn. She came into the room and paused. Could you go look in my carry-on bag thats underneath my bunk for my phone? I think I left it there by mistake, I wanted to text the girls. I meant my sisters, who had been blowing up my phone about me flying them out to a show when Alexandria had a school break. 
Yeah, Ill be right back. Bryn smiled, kneeling down so she could give me a soft kiss on the lips and pat my knee before leaving. 
Ooooo someones getting some action in the sack tonight Raptor taunted as he walked in with Ginas arm linked in his. If I hear you two tonight Ill be calling the front desk and complaining about it. Id like to get some sleep.
I looked from Raptor over to Gina, who was hanging onto every word Raptor was saying, beaming up at him. I wanted to tell him I thought this girl had it bad for him, but it was only a matter of time before he saw it for himself. Guy needed a frickin girlfriend. I think Gina might object to this sleeping idea of yours huh, Gina?
She flickered her eyes over in my direction and waved off my response. Were just friends, Cale. I dont intend on doing anything besides maybe dancing on a table or two and having some clean fun with my friends minus the drinking.
I snorted at her mentioning the table dancing. That is definitely clean fun alright.  
If were not drinking it is! Gina ruffled up my hair and took off. Raptor shrugged behind her back and followed after her. I waited for Bryn to come back and the guys had already gone to the bus, so I was wondering what was taking her so long. After fifteen minutes, I decided to find her. I could hear Angels from Hell far into their set so the hallway was free and clear of anyone else. 
Everyone was outside by the buses talking with members of The Brittle Souls when I stepped out and headed towards the bus. 
Bryn! I called from the bottom of the steps going into the bus. Are you alright?
Nothing. 
I shut the door behind me, calling out again, Bryn are you in here? 
I could hear something being thrown against the wall in the back of the bus as I walked towards the noise. As I got closer I heard the ever so familiar sound of.
Shit. She found them. 
Bryn rushed out before I could get to her, and she held up the bottle of pills in her hands, a scowl on her face. I stopped dead in my tracks, trying to think of something to say, but I knew shed think the worst unless I thought of something to say and quickly. 
What the hell is this for? she asked.
***
Bryn
Are you going to answer me? I narrowed my eyes at Cale, who stood in front of me looking dumbfounded. I was being a good girlfriend and trying to find his cell phone in the spot where he claimed it was, but no luck. I was putting his bag back on top of his bunk and something fell out of it: a bottle of pills. My first thought was maybe he might have still needed to take them because of the pain in his chestwhich had been happeningbut Id never seen Cale pop pills, minus a week or two after the accident. 
I gripped the pill bottle tighter, feeling my blood boil. Iit was from the doctor, Cale said. He refilled my prescription in case I had any substantial pain on tour and I couldnt make it in to see him, Cale whispered, his hands reaching out for me. I stepped back for each of his steps forward. Please, Bryn, I swear I forgot I packed those until you found them.
I threw the bottle at him and it landed on the floor. 
Youre not abusing them, are you? I looked him square in the eye. He leaned against the bunks and ran his hands furiously through his hair. 
Why would you think that, Bryn? he asked. I just told you why I have them! The pain has been coming back off and on and it makes it pretty fucking difficult to perform or do anything for that matter! 
Should I believe you? I didnt care if I was overreacting. Seeing some of the most powerful pain pills in his bag gave me a sick feeling. I mean, go to the damn drug store and get Tylenols or something, not something that would knock you out immediately after just one!
Cale put his hands on each of my shoulders, his amber eyes burning holes through mine. Yes, Bryn. I swear, I do not abuse these and I only take them when I cant stand the pain. I sound like a girl pleading with you like this so just believe me please so we can get a move on? 
I studied his facial expression for some sort of slip up. But one more second of him looking at me the way he was, and I was done for. Id let the whole thing go at least for tonight. I didnt want to be a party pooper and put a damper on his plans. 
I decided to believe him for now. 
Alright. I believe you, I said, kissing him on the cheek. Now lets get everyone on the bus so we can have some fun.
***
After Cale picked up the bottle of pills I threw by him, he made sure they were at the very bottom of the bag so he would forget about them, or at least thats what he said. Everyone piled back onto the bus a couple of minutes later and the atmosphere was crazy. We were all restless and this was the first time we were going out anywhere besides the bus and hotel rooms so being antsy is was understatement.
I still cant believe how different he looks. Gina sat on top of her bunk with her chin resting on her knees. I thought the whole colored Mohawk look was kind of hot
Oh Gina, I groaned, sitting below her on Bethanys bunk as she kept sighing. Hes still the same person. I think his natural color suits him now. 
Well, yeah. Now that he isnt playing anymore, obviously. She paused, her lips forming a smile. I think I might let him kiss me tonight. Now she sounded like she was back in private school when she had her first kiss in 6th grade. 
About time. Bethany threw her pillow at Gina and she narrowly missed it. Youre both looking at each other with fucking screw me eyes so just get it over with and be a happy couple or something.
I laughed at Bethany and she joined in as we watched Ginas cheeks flush red. 
Thats so not funny, guys! Be nice. Gina covered up her face. Jeez, now I have to redo my make up before we get to the hotel.
Why? You look fine, hun, I told her. 
You two had me laughing and whenever my cheeks get flushed I have to reapply my foundation. Gina hadnt changed a bit. I wasnt as much into makeup as my best friends wereminus the times my parents made me put on the works whenever we had a dinner party. 
Damn, there I went again thinking about my parents. And when I thought of them, I thought of Brayden. How he was gone. I didnt understand why he did what he did. It didnt make sense how my parents reconciled with him so quickly and manipulated him to bring me home at any cost. It had cost him his life and a part of me would always feel guilty for being a part of his death, even though I was completely blacked out at the time. 
Secretly I was glad I didnt run into my parents during the private cremation ceremony. I tried to avoid them like the plague, despite their rich friends approaching me and congratulating me on my success. 
Hey, are you listening? Bethany nudged me, taking me out of my thoughts. Should we share a suite or do you want your own, B? Lukes calling the hotel right now since were not too far.
I think we should share one. I said excitedly. Have one huge-ass king size bed we can all fit on and watch movies until the sunrise.
Bethany tipped her head back and giggled. Youre reading my thoughts, Bryn. 
Seconds later the bus came to a halt at a red light and Gina scooted off her bunk, landing on the floor. I still want to dance on a table. 
Whats the point in that? People are just going to think youre a stripper or something I scolded Gina and she frowned, placing her hands on her hips. Not that Im calling you that, best friend.
You know what, miss goody two shoes? I think youre still afraid of letting go and just having fun, Gina replied. Thats the whole point of times like theseto find yourself.
I know who I am, I said sharply. Im following my dream, arent I? I didnt see the point in the whole lets call Bryn out and tell her to find herself crap. 
Obviously you are, Gina said. And I love you and admire you more than youll ever know. I just feel like sometimes you hold back, especially since weve spent the last couple of days nonstop with you.
Why do I get the feeling like Im being lectured? I asked. I havent been holding back on anything. Maybe its the fact that I was still pissed about my boyfriend kissing Kallie on stage? I dont need to discover who I am or anything. This band is who I am now and who I will be for a long time. Does that answer your question?
Gina pulled me up from Bethanys bunk and gave me a hug. Im sorry, Bryn. Im not trying to lecture you. I just get thoughts in my head and I have to spill them. You dont hate me, right?
I shook my head and smiled. A real one this time. Of course I love you, Gina. I cant believe I get to share this experience with you and Bethany, its so unreal.
Bethany stood up after me and joined in on our group hug. 
Aww can I join in on the love fest? I heard Lukes voice from a few feet away as he approached us. Bethany started grinning like a school girl as we separated, her fingers playing with her black mini skirt. 
Nope. Sorry, red, that hug was just meant for us girls, I teased. 
He crossed his tattooed arms over his chest. Shucks. Next time I want in on that three girl action Bethany slapped him on the arm and he put his hands up in defense. I take that back, I swear! I didnt even mean it in a bad way!
I know. I grinned. Its fun to see my friend beat on you like that. Luke grabbed me, pulling me into a tight squeeze. Thanks, I muffled as he tightened his grip and let go. 
Anytime, sis. Come on, girls! Luke called. Lets go check out the suites! He ran off the bus and we followed him into the hotel. 
We were lead to the top floor of the hotel where the suites were located. 
Are you serious? The three of us squealed at the same time as soon as we opened the door to our suite. I was surrounded in shades of brown and red as we took a tour of the whole place. There was a huge king sized bed in the far right of the room, with dark red embroidered bedding on top and at least a dozen various sized pillows. In another section across from the bed there was a large dark brown leather sectional and a sixty inch television against the wall. Plus there was a cherry oak counter top in the kitchen area that looked close enough to a mini bar for me. This was definitely luxury and my favorite hotel room Id stayed in so far. 
I could live here. I sighed, flopping back first onto the bed, a few pillows falling onto my face. 
Tell me about it. This is way nicer than even the places we went to in L.A, Bethany said, opening the curtain by the bed so she could get a view of the skyline. I didnt know how many floors this place had, but I felt like I was on top of the world. Below us were tall office buildings with lights still shining in them; street lights were faint little specks. The sun was just setting and we could see the moon so there was still a hint of blue in the sky before it succumbed to the dark. 
Im a little scared to sit out on that porch. Gina pointed to the sliding door that lead to a decent sized porch with wicker seats and a small table. The wind might knock us off our seats and well fall to our deaths. 
I could tell from Ginas smile she was only kidding about that last comment. 
Im too scared of heights. You sure as heck wont catch me out there! Bethany turned away, looking in her suitcase for some clothes to wear later. Hey, Bryn, do you mind if I borrow that dress you packed with the tears in the sides?
Oh the black one with the skull symbol? I asked and she nodded. Yeah, Ill grab it. It would look better on you anyway. Youve got a better body than I do.
Stop right there, missy. Bethany held her hand out to shut me up. I dont ever want to hear you say anything bad about your body. I would kill for your curves, Bryn. Im stuck with the size 2 body that no matter how much food I eat, I never gain anything.
And even then, it was never good enough for the assholes out west, Gina interjected, tying her hair into a high ponytail as she studied herself in the mirror. They never gave me the real reason both of them came back from California. I didnt believe for one second that they were plain homesick. I didnt know much about the modeling world, but I imagined it was cutthroat and people constantly nagged you about your weight and proportions. But regardless, I was still glad my besties were back with me. 
Dont let whatever those people said to you get you guys down. I think you are gorgeous, darling. I used my best imitation of a British accent and Gina and Bethany started rolling on the floor laughing.  
After I gave Bethany her dress for the night, I decided to go with a blue rhinestone halter top and black jeggings, along with my black flats with rhinestones at the toe line. I pinned my hair to one side with a bunch of pins and sprayed it down. Gina stayed in her same top and skirt, changing into flats since she wore heeled boots at the show and she kept complaining that her feet were killing her. 
Soon we heard a few knocks at our door. Come on, girls lets get a move on! I heard Cales voice as he pounded on the door again. I opened it and he whistled at my appearance. 
Howd I get so lucky to be your boyfriend? Cale murmured into my hair as his hands skimmed down my sides. You are absolutely stunning. 
I almost instantly blushed, that tingly feeling between my legs crept over me. Only Cale could make me feel that way. He looked handsome himself, dressed in a red polo shirt and designer jeans that reminded me of the first time we had lunch together. His typical unruly brown hair was slicked back with gel, showing off those unmistakable amber eyes. 
Tyler and Vince stood behind Cale, waving at us eagerly. 
Luke and Raptor are trying to find the guys from The Brittle Souls and Angels from Hell, Tyler told us. I guess weve got a chunk of the club downstairs reserved for us. 
Gina rubbed her hands together in excitement. This is going to be even better than I pictured! She smiled, grabbing my and Bethanys hands and dragging us out of the room. Now its your turn to follow us, boys! Come on!
I heard them chuckle behind us and Tyler whispered, Shes a feisty one. 
***
The nightclub built into the hotel was down a long hallway past the lobby towards a line of gigantic conference rooms that were used for parties and various business meetings. I could hear the bass pounding through the walls as we neared the entrance. 
Luke and Raptor were dressed similar to Cale, and gave us girls hugs when they saw us from inside. 
I have a private table waiting for you. Raptor winked at Gina as she flashed her ID to the bouncer and he led her through. She locked hands with him as they maneuvered through the crowd. 
You girls look beautiful tonight. Luke looked from Bethany over to me and back to Bethany. She started tapping her foot, which I had learned meant she was a mix of nervous and anxious. She had it bad for Luke and I thought it was cute to watch her twirl pieces of her hair with her fingers and tap her foot impatiently as if she was waiting for him to make a move. Everyones already back there so lets grab the last of the spots, he told us. We followed suit, flashing our ID to the bouncer and he let us through after trying to say I didnt look a day over 18. 
Just promise me you wont fight her, okay? Cale yelled over the loud music as we made our way past the dance floor into a private table area in the back for all of the bands. 
I squeezed his hand for reassurance. Were out in public. Of course I totally wont try and kick Kallie Coopers ass. I dont want any broken bones either, so Im going to play it safe. Cale laughed. 
Well when were out of this place, youd better not play it safe, Cale whispered close to my ear, his breath causing the hairs on my neck to stand straight up. Upstairs in my own suite.
In your dreams, my rock star boyfriend, I replied with a smirk, slapping his butt as we approached everyone. 
There were two large pleather couches in the shape of an L that faced each other, with Kallie conveniently sitting in between Flynn and Krystal. I hadnt seen Krystal that much so far on the first few days of tour, but from when I met her on New Years Eve, she seemed more down to earth than that bitch Kallie. I really needed to come up with another name for her besides bitch. I make a mental note to do that later. Krystal had dyed dark blue hair that was tied into a braid off one shoulder. She was dressed more conservatively than Kallie, wearing a pair of high waist shorts and a beige flowered cap-sleeved shirt tucked into the shorts. 
Hey, Bryn. Hey, Cale. Krystal waved from her spot, patting the space next to her. Come sit by me while theres still room.
I looked hesitantly to Cale and he nudged me along. 
Dont worry, he said. Youll like her. Shes a total goody goody, but can rock it with the best of them. And shes not as rude as Cooper. 
We squeezed past Kyler from The Brittle Souls, taking a seat next to Krystal. Right away I noticed the scowl on Kallies face, but when Krystal nudged her, she forced a thin smile. 
Looks like the love birds are all happy go lucky again. Kallie peered over at Cales hand resting on top of my thigh. 
Couldnt be better. I leaned over Krystal and stared Kallie dead in the eye. Picture perfect, actually. I dont think it can get much better than that. 
Good, was all she said, turning her attention over to the cosmopolitan in her hand. 
Im sorry about her. Krystal offered me a sympathetic look. She may be my older sister, but sometimes I feel like Im her baby sitter and its the other way around. 
You two are sisters? I asked, sounding completely dumbfounded. There were no similarities between the two of them as far as looks went. Krystal appeared to be at least my height while Kallie was about half a foot shorter than Krystal. I studied both of their faces and their bone structure didnt even appear the same. 
Krystal gave me a small smile. Yeah. Different moms, same dad.
I spent the rest of the time at the club talking with Krystal and the others, doing my best to avoid Kallie at all costs. Later on I joined Gina and Bethany, who were out on the dance floor without their guys.
Are you having fun? I asked as I grabbed Ginas hand and she playfully spun me around. 
The best! she replied. 
Whats-her-face couldnt even look at you without a scowl on her face, Bethany said to me. It was pretty comical.
Probably because she thought I wouldve broken things off with Cale over that kiss. Her face was priceless when I told her off. Id do it again in a heartbeat, I admitted, letting myself move to the music. I could hear Cales laughter in the distance through the pounding beat and when I turned around, I saw him over by the bar drinking with Raptor, Vince and Luke. Tyler was talking to Kyler from The Brittle Souls off the dance floor and Kallie was dancing with one of her bandmates. 
Cale saw me watching him and he waved took a sip out of his glass. 
Hes totally in love with you, Bethany whispered to me as Cales amber eyes kept glancing my way every couple of seconds. 
Hed better be! I yelled loudly over the music. I let my hips sway even more proactively, knowing Cale was watching me. Hes stuck with me for the next few months regardless.
Oh please. He has that look of love in his eye, B. Plusdont hurt me for saying thisbut hes fucking gorgeous and Id totally do him. Gina admitted as she shrugged.
I know you wouldnt take him from me. You have that guy standing next to him wrapped around your finger, I said and she grinned like the Cheshire cat. 
Really think so? she asked. 
I nodded. Maybe hes waiting for you to make the first move or something. Take him back upstairs and spend some alone time with him. I finger-quoted alone and Gina giggled. 
Its not the same now! I cant run my hands through that Mohawk anymore. Its just normal-people hair. Gina gestured towards the now empty spot where they were before. Before we knew it, hands were on all of our shoulders, causing me to shriek over the music. 
You didnt spill any of my dirty secrets, did you? Raptor asked me as he pulled Gina into him, her face lighting up. 
Only youre deepest darkest ones, Raptor, I teased, letting Cale hold me from behind, his fingers rubbing over the hem of my top. Like how you talk in your sleep and you drool all over your damn pillow. 
Gina glanced up at Raptor and raised an eyebrow. Really?
He threw his head back and laughed. 
No, of course not. I sleep like a baby and I do not snore nor do I drool, Raptor defended himself.  
Hes lying, Luke told Bethany as he grabbed hold of her hand. Lets go back upstairs. Kallie and Krystal are having a huge party in their room and they invited us.
Ugh, count me out, I replied coldly. Ill sit in my pajamas and drink my 2 liter of Pepsi under the covers.
Wow, youre too boring, Raptor taunted, turning his attention to Gina. You want to head up there, pretty lady? 
It beats staying down here sweating to death. Ginas eyes locked on Raptors. Ill see you guys later. She waved to Cale and I and we waved back as they left the dance floor. 
Sooo Cale leaned closer to me so our foreheads met. I dont think youre boring at all if that helps. 
My lips parted as he kissed me briefly. Youre just sucking up
No, I swear, Bryn. I think youre the absolute coolest most un-boring girl on the planet. Thats a big compliment because that title used to belong to my sister Alexandria. 
Well, in that case thank you. I smirked. Did you really think I was going to go up there and party in that girls suite?
Cale shook his head. Im avoiding it too. So I think its just going to be us twoall alone 
The first time in what seems like forever, I replied. 
We hurried out of the nightclub and back down the hallway towards the lobby. The person handling the front desk gave a slight nod and told us to have a nice stay and we said thank you, pushing the button for the elevator. 
Stepping in as the door closed behind us, I had a giddy feeling in my stomach that Cale would try to pull something with me since we were alone in the elevator. 
He pinned me against the wall facing the door and his hands gently cupped my face. I could smell alcohol on his breath as his mouth opened to speak, but to me it was familiarit was him. 
My chest was rising and falling with each breath that I took as we just stared at each other. 
Okay, lover boy, just kiss me already! I finally said, grabbing the front of his polo shirt and dragging his lips to mine. I was hungry for this man so I kissed him with every ounce of energy I had. His hands went from above my head to my back side, guiding me so I wrapped my legs around his waist without breaking the kiss. I slipped my tongue into his mouth and he welcomed it with open arms, pressing against me even closer.  
I didnt want the kiss to end. As soon as the elevator beeped to tell us we were on our floor, Cale quickly peeked behind him to see if anyone was standing there waiting for them to get out, but conveniently there wasnt. He held onto the bottoms of my legs to support me as we left the elevator, no sign of stopping the kiss. I accidently bit his lip as he tried to find his room key while still holding onto me, and he let out a growl. 
Im sorry, I said as I broke the kiss. He finally found the key and set me down so he could slide it in and open the door. Slamming it shut behind us, he said, Why are you sorry? I fucking loved that.
I ran a hand through the side of my hair and frowned. I dont know. Damn Im a buzz kill. 
Cale grabbed me by the ass, practically running towards the bed. Before laying me down he said Dont ever say youre a buzz kill, Bryn. You are absolutely perfect to me and I cant tell you enough how Im in love with you. 
My heart was pounding a thousand beats per minute it seemed. Just the fact that he said he was in love with me gave me good shivers down my body. Cale laid me against the pillows that were untouched on his bed and started taking out the pins I had in my hair. He threw them onto the floor with a pinging sound as he knelt down on his knees beside me. 
Much better, he said in a low whisper. I like it when you leave your hair down. You should never ever cut it. 
Well I dont want Rapunzel hair, but Ill keep that promise, I said softly as he went from his knees to lying down merely inches from me. Our faces were so close that we could feel each other breathing. It always felt good to be this close to Cale.
I closed the gap by kissing him on the lips. Cale used his hands to pull me on top of him so I was straddling him, only pausing the kiss for a second. My body leaned down so I could kiss his chin, and I worked my way down his neck as his fingers knotted in my hair, giving the strands a hard tug. I stopped so he could pull off his polo shirt and the undershirt he had on, tossing it to the edge of the bed and kicking it off with his feet. My fingertips ran their way down his chest, stopping at his Live and let die tattoo smack dab on his heart. Next to the fancy lettering was the scar that remained from the bullet he took for me back in November. I barely touched it and I froze. It brought back too many guilty feelings. How it should have been me with the bullet wound, not Cale. But I couldnt think about that. 
It doesnt hurt right now, he said as he grabbed hold of my hand and let it lay above the scar. You dont have to be scared to touch me here. You know that, right, Bryn? His voice was so calm and reassuring, his touch feather light against me. 
Yeah, I barely uttered out, too completely mesmerized by the man underneath me to even speak. 
I moved my hand off of his chest to remove the pieces of my outfit in just a couple of swift movements, leaving me only in my revealing bra and matching black panties. Cale was gawking at me, pushing myself off of him and rolling so he now lay on top of me. 
Look at you, he said, his amber eyes raking over my body bit by bit, part by part. Theres no words. I should seriously take a picture of you right now because with the way your hair is all sprawled out on my pillow and what youre wearingeven though you know what my favorite look on you is When I raised an eyebrow he shook his head laughing. Im sorry. Ill be quite blunt. I really want to take whats still covering you up off your body. I want to see every single inch of you, bared to me, in the flesh, ready for whats about to happen. 
My mouth gaped open, Cale seizing the opportunity to claim my mouth for a long tongue dancing kiss. I broke the kiss only briefly, asking him, What are you waiting for? 
Chapter 8: How it could be 
Cale 
Im amazed at how I 
Was the lucky guy you chose?
Despite all of my flaws and mistakes
You embraced them and never looked back
I snuck a few when she wasnt looking in the night. Even though it was my suite and I could do whatever I damn well pleased. 
I immediately felt at ease as soon as I popped the prescription pills into my mouth, like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. I crept out of the bed when I knew Bryn was sound asleep, draped beautify across the bed underneath the sheets. I remembered they were in the bottom of my bag after Bryn had found them and luckily were still there, not a single pill missing.  
I poured a cup of wine that was in the suite, complimentary of the hotel, and drank half of the bottle along with the pills. I felt a pinch of guilt fall over me.  I told myself Id stop with this deadly combination, but I also told myself to screw off. 
On a high, I wanted to surprise Bryn when she woke up. I ordered room service for breakfast and went out and walked to the closest 24/7 store I could find, buying Bryn a few bouquets of lilies and a pad of paper and a pen. I was going to give this girl the best morning of her life. Not only with already made breakfast, but her favorite flowers and a letter that told her my real feelings for her. I was never good with telling people how I felt, which was why I liked song writing in the first place. It got my shitty feelings out when I was feeling depressed; when I felt like I was on cloud nine, I wrote down the next love ballad for the band there werent many. I kept those mostly to myself. 
Bryn brought something out in me. She was so sweet and innocent, and it made me want to be a better person not only for her sake, but my own. But without the pills, I could be a monster if I was set off the wrong way. Thats partially why I had been on pills ever since I was younger, when the doctor diagnosed me with bi-polar disorder. My real problems escalated after the first fight with my birth father, who could go to hell for all I cared. 
Regardless of how I got addicted, I mentally told myself for the millionth time that I needed to quit cold turkey. I was afraid weaning myself off of them slowly would just make it worse. Tyler mentioned the word rehab to me before when Bryn wasnt listening but I told him to shut the fuck up, I wasnt ever going to abandon this group and go to rehab for something I could fix myself. Plus explaining my life story to a bunch of strangers pretending to help me didnt sound appealing at all. 
I placed the bouquets in a vase the lobby staff had hidden in an office and room service was going to be knocking on my door any minute now. I had sat down with the pad of paper and pen, writing exactly how I felt about her in a song. Cheesy, I know, but it could be a big hit someday! 
Plopping down onto the couch in front of the TV, I kicked my legs up and watched re-runs of old Nickelodeon shows until Bryn woke up about fifteen minutes later. She sat up straight with the blankets still covering her, and let out a small groan as she stretched her arms above her head. Bed hair looked best on Bryn, her long black hair tangled like a fur ball. It definitely turned me on. I wanted to pounce on her and recreate every single memory we made last night. 
I stared down at the bulge in my jeans, wishing my dick didnt have such a mind of its own. I figured Id try and make it through breakfast before I took a cold shower. I fucking needed it badly. I returned my attention back to the beautiful girl in my bed as she batted her eyelashes and glanced my way with a bright smile. 
Why did you get out of bed? she asked, stretching her arms up a second time. 
Couldnt sleep, I suppose, I said as she climbed out of bed, still her beautiful naked self. My fingers were itching to take it all off of her again, but a knock on the door and a voice faintly saying, Room Service! broke my thoughts. 
I got off the couch and headed towards the door to let the guy in, but not before I picked Bryn up and held her in my arms. 
Dont come too close, my breath stinks! Bryn tried to wriggle out of my grasp, breaking away so she could run and put on some sort of clothes. I opened the door to see one of the hotel employees flashing a cheesy smile and a tray of a half dozen plates of different food. 
I hope you enjoy your breakfast, sir, the employee said. If you require anything else, a menu is included with the phone number to the kitchen and theyll be glad to assist you. He left the tray and walked away as I shut the door behind me. 
Whats all this for? Bryn asked with a surprised look on her face as she saw the lilies and the large amount of food that had been delivered. 
I wanted to give you a special morning, just you and I. But the flowers and breakfast were an extra touch, I explained, noticing she was in one of my t-shirts. Seeing you wear that makes me want to keep you locked in my suite all damn day, Bryn.
I placed my fingers underneath the bottom of it and Bryn swatted my hand away. Exceptwe have to leave in like an hour so we can make it to the next venue, she said playfully, sitting down at the small dinette table where I started to open up all of the covered dishes. 
Killjoy, I teased. I wanted round two. 
Bryn stuck her tongue out at me, ogling the huge platter of bacon and sausage that sat before her. What she didnt know was underneath one of the platter lids I had one last surprise for her. I was going to save it until last because I didnt know if she would laugh at what I had to say or cry. I wrote her a song, basically summing out how much I loved her and how shes become my best friend. 
After we finished the five platters of breakfast food, I handed her the last one and instructed her to open it and look under the lid. 
Why cant you just tell me whats under it instead? Bryns bottom lip popped out and I contemplated sucking on it right then and there. 
Well why cant you just look?
She caved after I gave her the smolder look, lifting the lid off the platter and noticing a small white envelope taped securely to the plate. 
Bryns green eyes widened as if she didnt know what to think, let alone expect. Her face bent down. She furrowed her eyebrows as she opened the top of the envelope, taking out the single piece of paper I had stuffed into it. Her eyes studied the lyrics that I wrote, and she sat glued to her seat for a good five minutes not moving an inch. 
Finally, she set the piece of paper down and looked at me with tears in her eyes and a hint of a smile. 
Was it bad? I asked. She shook her head and wiped her eyes. 
IIm speechless, she managed to blurt out the words. I cant believe you wrote that about me. And you wrote this overnight?
You caught me. I winked. The lyrics were stuck in my head after you fell asleep last night, I had to write them down. They were too good to forget. 
Bryn got up from her chair and stood next to me. Well thank you Cale. All of thisflowersbreakfastthe song about meIm so lucky Im with you. 
And you get to sing next to me every night, I pointed out and she let out a hearty laugh. 
Yes, of course that. Which by the way is definitely your best feature. Bryn grinned, linking one of her hands in mine as I stood up and pulled her into me. 
What about my dashing good looks? 
She laughed again, and I swore I heard a snort. Just stop while were ahead! You already know youre good looking or else you wouldnt have girls chasing after you every night even though they know were together.
I ran my free hand up and down her clothed back, the other entwined with hers. It doesnt matter. Dont worry about them or anyone else for that matter. Its just you and I against the world, B. I have seriously been blessed with you. And I can never thank you enough for even accepting the open spot in the first place and going with the guys and I on this crazy ride and I cant wait to make even more memories along the way. 
Bryn looked up at me with her big beautiful green eyes and kissed me briefly on the lips. 
Im glad you chose me, she replied. Otherwise I probably would have been working from sunrise to sunset at Lozanos not knowing what to do with my life. 
I took Bryn back to her suite that she shared with Gina so she could get ready to leave. Hal had sent me a text telling me he was already warming up the bus and wed better wake up and get our asses in gear. I picked up the dirty clothes I had worn from the night before and some other trash I had to get rid of. The others were slobs and lost things on a daily basis, but I was always the guy who hated to make a mess. Which was why I made sure my suite was spotless before grabbing my bag and returning the room key downstairs. 
Bryn was standing over with Gina and Bethany by the front door to the hotel, all three wearing sweatpants and hoodies. 
Hey, come here! Bryn waved me over to where they were talking. Bethany, you have to tell Cale what happened in Kallies suite last night. 
Holy shit youll die laughing, Cale seriously. Bethany gave me a hug and smiled. So the four of us and Vince were at the party in Kallie and Krystals suite of course, and it was going pretty great. Then I saw Tyler come in and when we had bumped into him in the hall he said he wasnt coming, but obviously he did. Okay, so he showed up, and since you werent there, Kallie started hanging on him and following him around like a lost puppy.
It kind of made me want to vomit in my mouth, Gina interjected. And you could tell he had no interest in her whatsoever. So we tried to get him away from her and I swore for a second I thought she was going to attack me with her cat claws or some shit. But her sister Krystalwho I love by the waywalks by and Tyler starts getting all goo goo gaga eyed and so he leaves Kallie standing there to go talk to Krystal.
But the point is, Kallie threw an empty bottle of rum at her sisters head and it hit the wall, luckily, Bethany explained. I had a feeling there was going to be a girl fight any second after that, but Krystal walked up to her and slapped her hard on the mouth. She left with Tyler after that. But Kallies reaction was bloody amazing. I wish I wouldve recorded it for you. She seemed pleased with herself. That was definitely a sight I wouldve liked to see. Kallie Cooper getting slapped in the mouth by her very own sister. 
I was surprised it hadnt happened sooner. 
Damn. We shouldve stopped by there. I couldve seen this all for myself! I said excitedly to Bryn. She rolled her eyes at me and wrapped an arm around my waist underneath my coat. 
Then she wouldve been all over you, she whispered in my ear. I wouldve done a hell of a lot worse than slapping her in the mouth. I loved it when Bryn got all protective over me. I pulled her closer to my side and gave her arm a gentle squeeze.
I saw Tyler out of the corner of my eye walking towards us with Krystal beside him, talking about something. Krystal quickly said hi to all of us and gave the girls a hug before running off to catch up with her group. 
Damn, Tyler. I nudged him. Youre really into Kallies sister? 
He shrugged. I mean, I dont know, dude. I was just tired of Kallie trying to pounce on me at any moment, so Krystal helped me. But she really is a nice girl.
Meaning you slept with her, I insinuated. 
Get your mind out of the gutter, dick wad. Tyler punched my shoulder. I slept on the couch and she took my bed. I was a gentleman and even bought her breakfast.
Aww, Bryn teased. What a sweet guy.
Aww yeah, dont start with me, B, Tyler joked, grinning at Bryn. Im not settling down anytime soon. I just hung out with her last night, dont start jumping to conclusions.
Alright I promise Ill stop. She giggled, taking her phone out of her purse to type a message. 
Seconds later I heard a ping on my phone.
Bryn: Obvious? Totally likes her. 
I looked up from my phone and Bryn and I locked eyes and smiled widely at each other. 
We were thinking the same exact thing. 
***
Bryn
Over the course of another week, Cale and I were falling into a comfortable routine. He would usually wake up before me and have a coffee waiting for me as soon as I woke up; wed pretty much stay by each others sides unless he was playing video games with the boys. Then pre-show his hand was glued on the small of my back, and after the show we held hands until we both fell asleep. A little cheesy, I know. Id only dated Ethan before Cale, but this felt way different. Cale actually loved me. At least I thought so. 
 But there were moments when I would see him flip out towards one of the guys, mainly Tyler, and then hed storm into the bathroom, come out and seem magically all better. It made no sense to me, but I tried to push it out of my mind as best as I could. He acted that way when I first met him so I guessed nothing had changed. But it still scared me a little bit when Id see him throw random objects on the bus or in the dressing room. 
Dont bitch at me for it! I heard Tyler confront Cale as I was changing my clothes for the day. I didnt do shit and you know it.
Are you sure about that? Cale spat, Then why is the rest of the fucking Mountain Dew out of the refrigerator when we just bought some yesterday before the show?
I rolled my eyes, slipping on a pair of socks so I could see what the hell was going on. 
We have how many people on this bus? Tyler asked. If my numbers are right, that means there are nine people on here at all times. Why are you freaking out?
Cale slammed a fist into the wall and I jumped back, startled by his actions. What was going on with him to overreact to something so little and not important. 
Without noticing me watching them, Cale kept his head down, punched his other fist into the wall and walked to the bathroom, slamming the door shut. 
Is there something wrong with him? Gina asked me as we were sitting on the couch on the bus next to Raptor and Vince. 
Hes been acting like that for a long time, Vince replied casually, exchanging looks with Raptor. Mood swings like a mother fucker, but thats just Cale. Dont let his tantrums and shit scare you. He directed the words towards Gina and Bethany. 
Cale reappeared out of the bathroom just as we were arriving at our next venue in New Orleans. We didnt stop there last tour so I was glad we had a day break after tonights show so we could stay behind and check out the sights. Or mainly eat the food and gain a bunch of weight.  
He wiped the sweat off his face with a hand towel, throwing it to the side. Are we there yet? he asked with a snippy attitude. 
Yeah, idiot were pulling up to New Orleans as we speak, Raptor replied with a frustrated look on his face. Maybe if you werent in the bathroom getting over your little chick fit you would have seen that were in the city. 
Whatever. Cale threw his hands up and walked away. Luke and Tyler were still sleeping so I was careful not to wake them up as I followed Cale into the back of the bus. 
He turned around, finally noticing I was there.
Are you going to start giving me shit too? Cale asked with a despicable look in his eye. 
The hell is your problem? I asked furiously. I was trying to see if I could help you, not pester you. My hands were shaking from anger. I gripped the wall with one hand, hoping to calm myself down, but nothing was helping right. 
Im sorry. I just didnt sleep worth a shit last night. Cale groaned, running a hand through his brown hair and trying to give me his sad eyes. 
Youre lying, I said. You have been saying that after every little episode, Cale. You cant keep making up excuses! And I cant keep running back to you and trying to make sense of this. This past week, despite us hardly being apart, has driven me crazy, Cale. You need to figure out why youre acting like this and actually tell me and your brothers the truth. 
I am telling you the truth, he spat back. Can you ever just believe me, Bryn?
Okay, you really need to shut up, Pelton, Tyler interjected. Before I kick your ass for waking me up. He jumped down from his bunk. He had only been wearing a pair of Adidas running pants and nothing else, his tattooed chest on full display. Dont look, Bryn, I had to repeat to myself until I managed to turn my head back to Cale, whose face was red with fury. 
I didnt wake you up, Tyler so you can back off, Cale replied, heading in Tylers direction a few feet away. 
Well I wont back off when I hear you talking like that towards your bandmate who just so happens to be your girlfriend. You honestly think its okay to talk to Bryn like the self-centered dick that you are? Tyler shot Cale a look like he wanted to punch him in the face. 
Oh okay I get it, Im the self-centered dick now? Who was it back last year when you fucked my ex-girlfriend? 
She wasnt happy with you! You had the same problems then as you do now and she couldnt take it! Tyler shouted. And why are you even dragging it out? I thought we got past that
Im not dragging anything out. And I wasnt talking to Bryn like that. 
I tried taking a step back and letting them deal with their issues themselves, but Tyler lightly squeezed my elbow. 
You dont need to put up with his anger issues, he whispered, giving me a sympathetic smile. 
Both of you just need to stop, I scolded them. Tylers right. You cant just treat me however you please, Cale. Im not going to put up with it. I love you, but I can only take so much. Right now, yeah you are acting like an ass and Ill tell you that straight from my heart. Then I turned to Tyler. Dont instigate anything, please. I dont think anyone wants a bus full of tension since we still have a ways to go. Cale still had a scowl on his face, while I was fuming mad and wanted to call him out on his anger. 
Tyler nodded in agreement. The way his eyes met mine was exactly the way it happened the night Kallie and Cale kissed onstage. When I kissed Tyler. He placed a hand up to his chest and said, Scouts honor, Bryn. Then he chuckled and walked away without even sparing Cale any chance to talk. 
Cale put his hands on my shoulders and tried to get me to come closer. Im sorry, he murmured. Im seriously sorry. I didnt mean to take it out on you. 
I pulled him into me, my hands wrapping around his neck so I could get a good view of his amber eyes. Just let me in, I said softly. Just tell me why you have those mood swings. Maybe I could help you somehow. You just have to let me in. 
I wish I could tell you, Bryn. He inhaled a sharp breath. But this is something big that I have to deal with on my own. I dont know what else I can do besides try. But just have faith in me, okay?
His eyes were full of sincerity. I wasnt sure what was going on inside his mind, but I wanted to dig deeper and see if maybe any of the other guys knew what Cales deal was. 
Okay. I promise, I whispered, meaning what I said. 
***
We arrived at the venue in New Orleans and I could still feel the tension between Cale and Tyler as we got the equipment off loaded and inside. 
Have you seen Tyler without a shirt? Bethany asked as we hung out in the dressing room. Holy mother of Hell he is gorgeous.
What about Luke? I asked with a grin, trying to avoid the whole Tyler topic in general. Yes, I had to admit he did look good without a shirt. He had just the right amount of muscle to make a girl weak in the knees. 
Well duh. I like him, silly. Hes the sweetest guy Ive ever met, and plus he plays a musical instrument. To me thats a complete turn on. But Im just saying you couldve dated him as opposed to his younger cousin for all that time Bethany said, bringing up Ethans. I hadnt thought about him nor wanted to in a long time. Last time I saw him was during our final show in Detroit and we agreed to be friends, but nothing more ever came from it. Which was fine with me. 
Nooo. Bethany, lets just drop it, please. I didnt want to talk about either Donahue. I love Cale. Tyler has just become a close friend. Thats all. 
Gina licked her lips. A close friend who seemed like he was willing to get beat up for you. I heard him and Cale going at it and he seemed pretty defensive of you.
Thats what friends do, I replied. Cale apologized so I dont even know why were still talking about this in the first place.
Bethany was the first to stand up. Youre right, bestie. Were going to have another fun night, and you are going to kill it on stage like you always do. 
We all embraced in a group hug and just as we let go the guys walked in with alcohol. 
Okay.are you trying to fall off the stage or something? I asked them jokingly as they set everything down on a makeshift table. 
What are you even talking about, Bryn? Vince said, pouring a cup of liquid and chugging it down. Its called liquid courage! Youve seen us do this before, hell youve drank with us before.
Let her be, Tyler stopped Vince. She and her friends dont have to drink with us.
I was only messing with her. Dont get your panties in a bunch. Youre almost as protective of B as Pelton is. Vince grinned, patting Tylers shoulder. 
Cale strode towards me, hands on either side of my waist. Dont worry I havent drank yet, he murmured into my ear, his breath lingering on my skin. Im waiting until afterwards.
Uh huh, Mr. Hot Shot. I kissed the dimple in the spot where his lips rose into a smile. I love you, but Im not partaking in any drunken festivities, especially with you. Ill stick with water.
Your choice. Cale shook his head in disagreement. More for me. I rolled my eyes and laughed at how he was acting. 
***
We played through our set as smooth as ever. New Orleans fans knew how to make us feel welcome. A few people even had signs with my nickname Queen B on it, which made me giddy inside. I mean how could you get used to seeing things like that every day? I wanted to ask someone to pinch me because obviously this was an extremely good dream. 
With the seven string Cale bought me strapped around my neck, I had the whole world in my hands. My fingers slid along the brand new strings as if I had been playing his instrument my whole life. It was a great escape to say the least, to play the notes and just let the music take over. We started to play You Were Young and being our new single, everyone went nuts, pulling out lighters by the dozen. This was also one of my favorite songs to play on stage and the story behind Cale writing it was beautiful to me. 
You were young
So in denial of the truth
That we never could make things work
Although I told you a thousand times
As I sang in harmony with Cale, we locked eyes and a smile formed on his lips as he ran back to grab a water from in front of Tylers drum set. I could play this guitar all day just so I could listen to that man sing like he did and command the stage like a rock god (or so hed like to think). His growing brown hair that needed a cut was glued to his sweaty neck as he jumped off the stage and threw his empty water bottle into the crowd.  After a bunch of barely clothed girls tried to grab onto him, Vince helped him back up, patting him on the back and finishing out You Were Young, adding in an extra guitar solo I decided to play at the last minute. 
Thank you, New Orleans were Everlasting! Cale growled into the mic. Be sure to pick up our new record.  Next is our good friends, Angels from Hell! Cale followed me off stage, his hand on my upper back and the other swaying freely beside him. 
We high-fived each other as Raptor and Hal went out to disassemble the drum kit and other equipment. 
I keep saying this is the best show weve ever played but I really believe we fucking killed it tonight! Cale hollered, using the bottom of his shirt to wipe the sweat off his forehead. Liked that solo you did, Queen B. He turned to me and I started grinning. 
I know, right? Nice touch, I replied, sounding cocky. But dont call me Queen B. Only the fans can call me that.
Cale cocked his head to the side. Well Im a fan so that counts!
Jeez, Mr. Argumentative. 
It just adds fuel to the fire, Vince said as he stood beside me. Youve learned by now he likes to argue and have his way about everything. 
Very true, I agreed. 
We all went back to the dressing room before heading out to the bus. The guys were mostly drinking and Gina and Bethany were once again attached to Raptor and Luke. I saw I had a voicemail on my phone, so I went outside to see who called. 
Bryn Michelle. On behalf of your father and me, we want you to come home. Our behavior previously in regards to our sonyour brotherwas inexcusable, nor did we think he would do such a thing to hurt you. We told him to bring you home at any cost, but that only distanced yourself further from your only family. I know youre probably wondering how we even got a hold of him after he had left. But justall were asking is please call. I dont agree with what youre doingthis lifestyle, but I dont want to lose our family. We love you. 
Are you okay, Bryn? I heard Tyler ask as he walked over the gravel to where my back was against the brick of the building. I wasnt sure what had me more shaken up: knowing my mother called me without a slew of insults besides my lifestyle choice, or the fact that she said, I love you. 
My teary eyes shifted over to Tylers as he joined me against the wall, just inches from me. Could be better, I said in a near whisper, tears flowing freely down my cheek. 
No thats not good enough, he demanded. What has you all bothered and crying?
My mom.she said sheloved me, I responded in between sniffles, wiping my nose. I havent heard those words from her in so long, Tyler. Let alone hear her sound better than a cruel wicked monster. My arms covered me like a security blanket as I tried to hold back the other tears that wanted to come out. 
Tyler stayed there and studied me as if he didnt know what to do next.  He stepped in front of me as close as he could get and took hold of my hands. He stood me up straighter and moved my hands around to the middle of his back, my fingers messing with the fabric of his shirt. 
Look at me, he instructed, and I did, tipping my head one way so my bangs were out of my face, my eyes boring into his. I of all people understand what a big deal that is for you, Bryn. Ethan told me what your parents were like towards you, and hearing your mom loves you is as big as finding out you won the Michigan jackpot. His hands ran down the sides of my hair. I just dont like seeing you cry. Youre starting to become one of my best friends. I knew when you excused yourself that something was wrong, I just had one of those really bad feelings.
Thank you, I managed to say, giving him a sad smile. There was nothing else I could think of to even say. I didnt like how it seemed like Tyler had seen some of my worst moments so far on this tour. How he seemed to want to pick up the pieces when I was falling down. And then he had the pleasure in chewing out Cale for whatever reason. I didnt like it, but at the same time it was comforting to have someone standing with me that wasnt Gina or Bethany. 
Does he know Im out here? 
Yeah. But hes practically passed out on the floor right now, so I thought Id do what he should be doing and checking on his girlfriend. Tylers expression darkened. He keeps getting worse when he should be better. Idiot.
I faced Tyler and asked, What do you mean? Does he have guy problems or something?
He chuckled and placed his hands in his pockets, rocking back and forth on his feet.
He was avoiding my question. 
I guess you could call it problems, he said. Besides the fact that he drinks too fucking much, but thats not the worst part. Hell have to tell you that. Its not up to me. He sounded sympathetic. Believe me, I love your boyfriend, Bryn, but if he doesnt tell you about his issues soon enough then I will. But I dont want to ever break up your relationship.
It cant be that badright? 
Tyler wrapped me in his arms and placed his head on top of mine. Just know you have all of us beside you and we have your back no matter whatokay, Bryn? Youre like our little sister we have to protect.
I laughed against his chest. You are too funny, Tyler. I lifted my head up and we looked straight at each other. What was it with me and thinking these things about Tyler? Sure he had nice hair, breathtaking eyes, and above other things a muscular tattooed body that any sensible girl would drool over. Ever since our kiss I tried to push back the silly little tingles I got when we exchanged friendly glances at each other, but being in close proximities with him and Cale was tougher than I imagined. 
Next thing I knew our lips were just a centimeter apart and then met slowly. What the fuck are you thinking, you cheating bitch? I silently cursed myself as he deepened the kiss, pushing me back against the wall. I felt trapped under him. I shouldve slapped Tyler and told him to get off of me, not to kiss me, not to be such an amazing friend, but I couldnt do it. 
His hands went from my lower back to around my neck, fingers leaving soft feather light touches along the way. I heard the door by us open and we sprung apart, causing me to gasp and cover my mouth, hiding any evidence I kissed another guy. 
Luke and Bethany walked out, not noticing us right away. Then Tyler stuck his shoe in the gravel and Bethany whispered in Lukes ear, pointing in our direction. 
Everything okay out here? she asked, giving me her I know what you were up to look. 
Yeah, dude. Just making sure Bryn was alright. I guess her mom called her, Tyler said and Bethanys mouth flew wide open. 
Youre shitting me, B. Right? Her expression was absolutely priceless. She walked over to me while Luke went to smoke a cigarette and Tyler followed him.
No, I wish I was, I replied with a shrug. I think theyve made progress. She actually said she loved me.
Damn. Maybe someone paid the stone cold bitch to say that, Bethany blurted out. Sorry. I shouldnt call her that, but after how your parents treated you I could think of worse names.
Its okay. I waved her off, actually smiling. It made me slightly emotional and made me think a little bit. I might go at least visit when we get back home.
Honestly, I wouldnt give them the time of day, Bryn. You told me they somehow convinced your brother to bring you back home at whatever cost. That cost Raptor his spot out of the band, and most importantly Braydens own life. His death should be on their hands. All they had to do was pick up a fucking phone.
I know, Beth. ItsI dont even know. Great, now I was getting flustered. Before Bethany could ask me more about Tyler and I being out here, everyone else starting pouring out from the venue. Cale was last but not least, a half full fifth of vodka in his hand and his eyes directly on me. Lets get back to the bus before crazy drunk-ass over here tries to pull anything drastic.
Chapter 9: In the End
Cale 
When everything is crumbled to the ground
I wont pick you up
I wont hold your hand
Ill let you take the fall 
Because in the end, thats the least you deserve
Cale, please just go upstairs, my mom pleaded to me, her eyes barely recognizable after all the tears she had shed. My fingers gripped tightly on the edge of the staircase as I tried to control my anger towards the moron I once considered my father. My blood and body were on fire. I never used to have anger issues like this, but today sparked something in me. 
I was seeing red. 
No, Im not leaving you downstairs with him, Mom. Im going to call the cops, I told her, heading towards my cell phone which of course I left on the kitchen table and not in my damn pocket where it should have been. 
My dad gripped my arm with a heavy hand. I tried to wiggle my arm out of the hold, but he held on tighter, squeezing the life out of my skin. Youre not fucking calling anybody, he spat at me, attempting to drag me up the first couple of stairs. Now Ill accompany you upstairs and you will wait like your mother
Fuck you. I kicked him in the back of the shin, causing him to fall down and hit the stairs hard. I wanted him to feel pain. He caused my motherthe one constant person that had been there for me no matter what (besides my sisters)pain and turmoil for far too long. You wont lay a hand on my mom again.
Dador I should say Eric because he wouldnt ever be my fatherlet go of me as he let out a howl. I saw a look in his eye like he wanted to hurt me. Or worse. Should I have been scared? Fuck no. I would do anything to protect my family. 
You stupid bastard of a son. Eric stood up carefully, leaning on the staircase as he slowly walked to the main floor towards me. But instead, he grabbed the bottom of my moms t-shirt and managed to have enough strength to throw her against the wall, causing her to plop down and pass out from the impact. See what you just caused? Mother shouldve raised you better, youre no man
I cursed myself for what I was about to do. I punched my dad in the spot between the top of his nose and his eye; I didnt wait for his reaction. I continued my assault, using my early on karate lessons. They were paying off. Eric stumbled back against the wall, his fists up attempting to sock me in return. 
Thats for hurting my mom, you sick son of a bitch, I growled, punching him directly in the nose, watching blood squirt out slowly but surely. One hand was on his face while his other tried to grab hold of me again. I swung my leg forward and kicked him in the balls. That was for asking that hard working woman for money when you have no fucking right. 
Eric instantly collapsed to the ground, his face almost covered in blood. I hurried over to my mom to make sure she was okay. I saw her eyes open so I scooped her up and brushed her blood covered bangs out of her face. Go call the cops, Mom. Please, I begged her. He hurt you bad and you need to get help. Opening the front door, I set my mom down gently on the porch swing, and she slowly nodded without a word. 
I slammed the door shut behind me and Eric came back with a vengeance. 
You really think a swift kick is going to do shit to me, punk? He grabbed the collar on my polo shirt, squeezing it around my throat so I could barely breathe. With his free hand he took a swing and directly punched my jaw, laying another one near my eye. I gave you brats life. I can come ask for money anytime I fucking want to. Ill make sure you never forget that
Thank fuck I woke up. Reliving that day only brought back the worst memories. The things you do for your blood family. I sat straight up in my bottom bunk, staring ahead of me with blurry vision. It was like I was put back at that exact moment again, when I beat the shit out of my father with bloody hands and he finally got taken away for what he did to us. 
My whole body was drenched in sweat so I stripped down to just my boxer briefs and threw my wet clothes on the floor beside me, hoping I would cool down enough to maybe, just maybe, go back to sleep again. Yeah, right. Who was I kidding?
I tried to switch gears and think of happy memories, anything to take my mind off that day. Immediately Bryn came to my mind, and how last week in New Orleans I had been able to take her to see some authentic jazz bands playing in the streets. She tried fried frogs legs, which she fell in love with surprisingly, after an hour of convincing her to try them. The look on her face when she took her first bite made me wish my phone hadnt died on me because I had wanted to snap a picture. 
Its kind of like chicken, Bryn muffled as she took her first bite and swirled it in her mouth. Or maybe fish
I couldnt help but laugh. Bryns face was burned from the warm Louisiana sun even though it was still winter. She swallowed and took a drink of water. I rested my elbows on the wooden table as she gave me a funny look. 
What? Were you thinking Id spit it out? she asked with a cheesy grin on her face. 
I never said anything about that. I smiled in return, handing her another fried frog leg after rolling it in hot sauce. Now this I have to see 
I heard rustling in the front of the bus, and I knew it wasnt Hal since obviously he was driving. I stood up, still in my boxer briefs, and went to see who else was crazy enough to be awake so early in the morning. 
I found Luke sitting on the couch watching The Boondock Saints while eating a bag of Cheetos. 
Why are you awake so early, pal? I asked, fist bumping him as I plopped down next to him. 
Couldnt sleep, Luke replied, his voice sounding groggy. Then he turned away from the movie to look at me. We finally did it. 
I raised my eyebrow, waiting for him to elaborate. What do you mean? We did what?
I slept with Bethany, he whispered, covering one side of his face with his hand. 
I remained silent for a second and then I blurted, Its about damn time!
ShhhI dont want to wake anyone else up, Luke scolded me quietly, facing the TV screen again. Thats why I couldnt sleep. I was on too much of a high to even want to fall asleep. I figured Id watch a movie and fall asleep right here, Ill be good.
Dont blame you, bud. Im happy for you. Bryns got some good friends and you and Bethany seem like a good pair, I told him honestly. 
You think so?
Of course, have I ever lied to you? I asked, and Luke busted out laughing. 
Shit. I think thats a rhetorical question! His face started turning red from laughing so hard. Let me seeyoure lying right now to all of us because you said youd quit taking pills. I heard about what happened with Bryn finding your bottle at the bottom of your bag. 
What do you want me to say? Im trying to stop, but just when I think Im getting ahead, I have those mood swings and then I turn to the pills again and again. You know out of all of us how hard this has been for me to break. 
You dont have to explain it to me. Im here for you if you need me because youre my brother, Pelton and I dont want to see anything bad happen to you. I mean, who knowsone day you could take too many and you could overdose. Or worse, you could die, Luke reminded me. 
Dammit I know that, Luke. Its hard to kick a habit Ive had for so long. I justI dont even know what to do. If Bryn found out I was keeping this from her shed quit the band, Id bet you on it, I said, fearful of what her actual reaction would be. I hadnt been truthful from the start and yet she had told me almost everything about her life before she met us. I was the fucked up one who didnt deserve her. 
Okay maybe I shouldnt say this, Luke paused the movie, but if its that hard to kick on your own then maybe you should try rehab after the tour is over, he suggested.  
I let out a breath and immediately scoffed at the idea. Rehab. That was what I wanted to avoid. I wanted to show myself I wasnt as weak as my father said I was and kicked the addiction myself. But it has gotten me nowhere. Plus I didnt want to feel trapped for a month or more doing nothing but collecting thoughts. 
I know you fucking hate the idea, dude, but honestly Ill lay it out there. If you dont shake this shit by the time the tours done in end of April then Ill quit myself, Luke said harshly. 
Youre always so honest, I told Luke, not being able to contain my laughter, even though I knew he was giving me the truth. 
Have to be sometimes. But Im going to watch this later on and try to sleep. I think this talk kind of helped, Luke said. We both got up and headed back to the bunks and gave each other a one armed hug before falling back asleep, at least for the next few hours. 
***
We were in Texas today and even for March, it felt like a damn heat wave.  When I woke up we had stopped in downtown Dallas, where the girls were insistent they were going to buy the signature cowgirl hats and matching cowgirl boots. 
You should come in with meeee Bryn pleaded, giving me the puppy dog eyes as I had just finished brushing my teeth and grabbing a bottle of water. Pretty please, Cale? You dont have to get anythingthink of it as moral support. 
Moral support? I mouthed to her and she started giggling. I mean I could think of something you could do with the boots and hat Oh I could think of a lot of things. Things I shouldnt be thinking about just as we were about to get off of the bus. I sure as hell knew that no one would want to see me walking around downtown Dallas with a hard on. I pictured us in the back bedroom, with Bryn wearing nothing but a pink cowgirl hat and matching bootsdamn why was I thinking like that this early in the damn day? But the more I thought about it, the more I was determined to make that vision a reality. 
Cale Pelton, you of all people would have a dirty mind. She winked, giving me a quick hug before running off to catch up with Gina and Bethany, who were outside on the sidewalk talking on their cell phones. Ill think about it! 
No one could wipe the smile off of my face. I changed quickly into a pair of dirty jeans I needed to get washed and an old navy blue Henley Id had forever and stuffed a couple of pills in my back pocket for the road. I needed espresso or something to wake my ass up, especially if I had to endure watching Bryn shopping. 
You okay, dude? You look like you havent had any sleep for weeks. Vince walked beside me as we entered a coffee shop not far from where the girls were. 
Yeah Im good, besides not sleeping worth a shit last night, I answered, holding the door for the other guys as we entered the shop. For it being near lunch time, the place was absolutely packed wall to wall with all kinds of people, from casual dressed couples to fancy suit wearing businessman and women. As we all stood in line anxiously waiting, I noticed one of the workersa younger girl who looked around Bryns agewhispering to another girl and pointing at us. 
I think weve been found, I whispered to them as both of the girls started squealing. All eyes, including ours, were on them. 
Ohmygod, you guys are from frickin Everlasting! the petite blond girl shrieked, jumping up and down and clapping her hands as her co-worker ran from behind the counter to bump straight into us. Her big bright eyes were checking each one of us out as she adjusted her baby pink cowgirl hat with the coffee shop logo displayed on it. 
Can you guys sign my hat? Everyone here loves you, the girl gushed, standing literally inches from us, looking completely star-struck. She looked exactly like Bryn, black hair, green eyes and all. She could have passed as her twin. 
Sure, do you have a marker? Tyler shrugged and winked at the girl. Her entire face lit up as she hurried back around the counter and grabbed a black marker, running back to where we were. 
Here. She blushed, handing the marker to me as we each took our turn signing her cowgirl hat. My names Bella, by the way, she added as I signed her name and a heart beside mine. Once Luke finished his signature, he handed the marker back to Bella and she squealed like a little child some more. It was pretty cute in a way. It reminded me how Alexandria used to be obsessed with boy bands and whenever they would come on the TV or YouTube, shed freak out, startling the neighbors. 
Do you have a phone? I asked.  We could get a picture.  
She nodded, her friend handing it to her from where she was taking orders. 
The older gentleman ordering in front of us took the picture of all of us guys with Bella in the middle. After he handed the phone back to Bella, she looked at the picture and flashed the brightest smile. 
You just made my day. She sighed, giving each one of us a hug. I cant wait to tell my boyfriend I met Everlasting! Hes got tickets to see you tonight with his friends so hes going to be jealous when I show him this picture. She giggled. Wheres Bryn? 
Shes out gallivanting in Downtown somewhere, I exaggerated. She was obsessed with getting a pair of cowgirl boots and a matching hat before we played.
Ohmygod. Well please tell her I am a huge fan and shes so pretty! Bella said and I nodded. But I have to get back and get your orders. Theyre on the house just for today, just dont go too overboard. 
 After Bella and her friendwho we learned was Amypoured our coffees, they even delivered them to us at where we were sitting just by the decent sized bay window, with downtown Dallas on full display. Pretending that I was tying my shoe lace, I slipped the pain pills into my coffee and set it back on the table after taking a sip. 
So what should we do about the next video? Luke asked as we were enjoying the sights of the people running in and out of the coffee shop. 
Im totally down for the one that Bryn wrote, Tyler suggested. 
Straight from the Heart? 
Yeah why not? Its heavier than You Were Young music wise, but we dont want the next single to be just like the first, am I right? Tyler looked over at me, as if he was challenging me to fight his opinion. I usually did. 
I think its a good idea, Luke replied. We should get the cameras and record it ourselves, or get a hold of Richard Marx again and do like a live video.
Hell yeah, this is perfect. Vince rubbed his hands together. Then he turned to me. What do you think, Pelton?
Sounds fine to me. Lets talk to B after they get back from shopping and get it figured out. We could shoot it at one of the shows next week if we plan it right, I replied, and I was already getting anxious for next week. I knew Bryn would freak out knowing the song she had written would be the next single and music video. Actually shed probably tell me to shut up and that it wasnt true. Or start picking apart the lyrics and complain about them. 
Regardless, it was going to happen and it was going to be fucking brilliant.
***
Bryn
I cant believe we just heard that! Gina shouted as we exited the store, about a dozen bags of clothes, boots and hats between the three of us. That bitch has nerve
Its okay, I said as calmly as I could. Psh, who was I thinking? I was pissed. Beyond. I had just overheard my now enemy saying that she was going to try to seduce Cale tonight. I replayed the conversation over and over in my head as we headed back to meet up with the guys since Cale texted me to let us know they had been spotted at the coffee shop. 
What do you think of this outfit? Bethany asked me as she did a spin in front of the gigantic mirror we had in our dressing room. She had on a pink and white plaid button down shirt, a pink cami underneath, light blue jeans with holes in the knees and shiny matching pink cowgirl boots. I feel like I could go live on a farm now.
You look beautiful as always. But of course Im supposed to say that! I giggled, taking a look in the mirror at my outfit similar to her and Ginas. My green plaid button down t-shirt blended in nicely with my green eyes, and I had managed to find a pair of all black boots with green streaks on them, completing my outfit that I was dead set on wearing tonight. We continued spinning around and cracking jokes at each other until I heard a familiar laugh coming from another dressing room. 
We instantly grew quiet. 
You really need to chill, Kallie. She or her friends havent done a damn thing to you. I recognized the other voice as her sister Krystal. The three of us looked from one to the other and stood as close to the closed curtain as we could, trying not to blow our cover. 
Shes weak and pathetic, sis. Seriously, why are you taking her side? Cale will dump her ass so fast itll make her head spin. Its just a matter of time, and hell get tired of her good girl act 
That bitch, Gina spat, and immediately covered her mouth. My stomach was churning. Was this girl really that relentless in trying to win my boyfriend?
Move onto someone else, Kallie, and dont try to steal other girls boyfriends, Krystal scolded. I knew I liked this girl for a reason!
Single or not, hes who I want so nothing is going to stand in my path. You of all people know how that goes. I just need a piece of dirt on her to expose to the world and her little career with Everlasting will be history and BOOM! Cale wont have a choice but to end up with me
I rolled my eyes. She was way too desperate. 
That doesnt even make any sense! Krystal shouted. Just please, though. Promise me at least until the tour is done that you leave Bryn and her friends alone. I like them and I hate having tension on the road.
Oh, sister you are so naive sometimes, I swear, Kallie groaned. But Im buying this outfit. Lets get out of here and go practice with the boys or something to take my mind of this shit.
Im sorry, Bryn, but she had no right to even try to stake her claim. It just makes her look like a home wrecker, Bethany growled in frustration. The Everlasting tour bus now just down the block and in our sight. Thank goodness. Someone just needs to slap the shit out of her and be done with it. 
I just shook my head and tried not to let Kallies words get to me. I still had no idea why she was out to get me or why she despised everything about me, but I wasnt going to let it affect my performance. Get through the next few weeks and I hopefully would never have to deal with her again. I knew if I were to strike back that the tension at the shows would be too thick and it wasnt fair to put everyone through it. 
Ill do it without a problem, Gina blurted out as she was texting. Hates a strong word and I usually dont like to say it. But I really hate Kallie Cooper.
Alright, alright! I tried to deter the conversation. So Bethany, how was last night?
Bethanys face flushed red from embarrassment. Were we that loud?
Both Gina and I nodded. Uh yeah, I was ready to walk in and dump some water on you. Im pretty sure the whole damn bus heard you guys. 
Im sorry, she pleaded, but I knew she wasnt really sorry. 
Sooo are you two official yet? I winked and she shrugged as we crossed the road. 
I dont know, she replied honestly. Hes the only guy Ive ever been with so I mean, Id like to hope were official.
My mouth dropped in surprise. Waityou told me you were with someone out in LA
I chickened out. Bethany frowned. Plus I wasnt ready. I dont knowit just felt right. Luke has been such a nice guy to me from the time we met and it was everything I thought it would be.
Gina and I stuck a finger down our throats. This girl had it bad. 
Well, well, well. Ladies, you buy anything for us? Cale smirked as we approached the side of the bus where the guys were standing, Luke and Raptor smoking. I dropped my bags and he squeezed me into an enormous bear hug. I exhaled slowly as he dropped me back to the ground. He must be in a good mood, I thought as I picked up the bags again and Cale generously took one from me. 
Nooo. Next time I will, I promise. I smiled, deciding not to bring up what had happened in the clothing store with Kallie. Let it be. You wouldnt have fit in with us anyway.
Cale chuckled, holding a hand to his heart. Aw now Im offended. He turned to Tyler, who was just ending a phone call. Did you just hear her?
Tyler looked up from his phone and glared at Cale with dark circles under his eyes, but when his gaze locked on me, his lips formed a small smile. I didnt hear a word. Sorry, bud. He patted Cale on the back and winked as me as he stepped back onto the bus. 
Jackass! Cale shouted towards him and I laughed under my breath. 
***
When we made it to the theatre in Dallas, the line to get into the place was insane. Like, almost wrapped around the entire building. Seeing the faces of these people that are waiting in line to see us was priceless. I always got a giddy feeling inside and a case of the itchy fingers; I couldnt wait to shred on stage. 
I stayed true to my word and wore my new ensemble. Cale howled at me when I came into the dressing room. The first thing I noticed was how pale he looked. He didnt look that pale when we were talking and cuddling on the bus, so I was hoping he wasnt coming down with anything. 
Are you okay? I ignored his advances. You seemed fine just a while ago.
Cale stumbled towards me again, almost falling flat on his face. Luckily he caught himself and replied, What are you talking about, Bryn? Ive had a few drinks already, but Im perfectly capable to go onstage.
I put my hands on my hips. No youre not, you dick. Dont play that with me of all people. I tried guiding him to the closest chair to us. You need to sit and have some water or something. You really dont look good at all. Here I was, grabbing him a bottle of water and feeling all motherly. 
Imperfectly.fine Cale repeated slowly, trying to avoid meeting my eyes. 
Okay seriously, someone tell me Im not exaggerating! I shouted, and Raptor walked over and draped an arm around me. 
It might be something in the drinks, Raptor whispered in my ear. Dont worry about it. If he falls off stage thats his fucking problem.
You act like you dont even care, I murmured. 
This has happened dozens of times before you joined the group, Bryn. Trust me. Luke came over to my other side. Sometimes you get the wrong combinations together and Cale gets pale, passes out, and stumbles around too much. You just have to ignore it because no matter how many times you tell him to stop drinking, he wont.
I shrugged it off, watching him drink the water I gave him and standing back up as if nothing had happened. I was weak when it came to Cale, I was slowly realizing that. As soon as he stood up, he pinned me against the wall in a strong embrace, telling me how much he loved me and how he couldnt wait to get me alone.
Of course I ate it all up. 
We separated after a few more minutes and watched the end of The Brittle Souls set. 
Ill be right back, B just going to use the bathroom, he said before kissing me below my earlobe. Dont get into any trouble. 
I tipped my head back and laughed. Metrouble? You must have me mistaken for someone else, I replied sarcastically, smacking his ass as he whistled in return. 
I watched the final song, my body swaying along to the beat, and I felt someones presence from behind me. 
All you need is the hat, my friend, and you will look like an official Texan, Tyler spoke up, startling me. I forgot to hassle you about that earlier, sorry. I just had to do it. He opened his mouth and flashed a smile. Why did he have to be so damn good looking with a frickin perfect smile? If it was anyone else, minus Cale, I wouldve smacked them for startling me, but of course somehow Tyler was different. Different with a white toothed smile that I was surprised hadnt gotten him more girls.  
I tried to pull a pissed off look, but my lips turned the opposite way I wanted them to no matter how hard I tried to fight it. Why do you always manage to sneak up on me when Im alone? I asked. 
Maybe Im stalking you, He replied jokingly. Just kidding about the stalking. Call it right place at the right time, I guess. Am I being creepy or something?
No, but at some point we need to talk about that last kiss, I pointed out. 
You mean last two Tyler corrected me and I stomped on his foot with my boots. 
Obviously. I remember, I retorted, gesturing between our bodies. This whole kissing Bryn whenever shes upset thing cant happen anymore. Someones going to catch us or worse yet, Cale will find out and both our asses will be out of the band.
Youre blaming it all on me now? Tyler said in a loud whisper. I wasnt the one that stormed in on the other person after seeing their boyfriend kiss another girl on stage, kissing them full on the lips. I was just trying to look out for you
Which you dont need to! I cut him off. Kissing me is not looking out for me. Its going to get us into deep shit.
Tyler took a couple of steps so he could face me, blocking my view of the stage. 
So what? Youre over dramatizing something that does not need to be, Bryn! Its not like you fucked me or anything, so you didnt even cheat on Cale. Stop whining and arguing about everything, Im not going to keep running to your side every time you dont like how something goes or you wind up crying again for one reason or another. Tyler took a deep breath and continued. Now I realize why my cousin cheated on you. 
Leaving me stunned and wordless, he stomped off before I could have a chance to do or say anything. 
Deciding to confront him, I sped up to him just before he could reach the bathroom. You ever say anything like that to me again, so help me Ill stick that drumstick up your ass and kick you in the balls so hard youll never get up again. 
And of course what did he do?
Smirked. Of all things. Come on, Cale, hurry up and rescue me
Im seriously doubting you would do any of that, Bryn, he replied, offering me his hand. I took it and he dragged me into a hug. Im sorry about what I said referring to Ethan. But how about we call this whole thing a truce. Forget we ever kissed, and just be the best of friends? 
Youre such a guy. I rolled my eyes. But promise me one thing, okay?
Of course. What is it, B? 
I looked him dead in the eye and said, Dontkissmeagain. I articulated each word so he got the message loud and clear. Whatever we had between us couldnt and wouldnt happen. Ever. I was with Cale, despite our issues, and I didnt see myself leaving him anytime soon. Whatever Tyler felt towards me, he needed to shove it aside and move on with someone else. 
He saluted me and entered the bathroom. Yes, maam. As hard as thatll be, I cant hurt my best friend. 
As hard as that will be
Cale opened the door just as Tyler went in. His face didnt look as pale but his pupils were a bright shade of red. Everything okay, hun?
Yeah. Tyler and I were just talking, thats all, I replied quickly, forcing a smile to my face. Why did I have a bad feeling something was really wrong with Cale? You okay?
Better than ever. Some water on the face helped. I dont feel so sick now, he answered, but I could tell from the way he was biting the inside of his cheek that was a full blown lie. His hands slid into the back pockets on my jeans, lightly cupping my butt and giving it a squeeze. I love you so much. Thank you for being there for me, he gently whispered against the skin of my neck, giving me chills. 
I didnt say anything back, enjoying the warmth of his body against mine, but the lingering thought in my mind that something was wrong with still weighed heavily on me. But for now Id stop thinking so negatively and start thinking about how close was getting to this man every day we spent with each other. 
I love you too, I murmured, enjoying our silence minus the music playing on stage in one direction and music from the dressing rooms in the other. 
Call me a hopeless romantic or crazy, but I could picture myself spending the rest of my life with Cale. 
Chapter 10: Straight from the Heart 
Cale 
If I told you straight from the heart
How much I needed you?
Wanted you?
Would you take that away from me?
We were playing another show in Texas after Dallas, so I decided I wanted to surprise Bryn with a romantic lunch before we had to get back. We hadnt had much time to go out and enjoy ourselves just the two of us besides when we were in New Orleans, so it was long overdue. 
I called ahead to this place I found on Google that had a bunch of five star reviews called Batanga. I arranged for us to have the whole patio to ourselves, and was looking forward to trying some different food. I put on a red polo shirt and probably the nicest pair of jeans that I owned along with my black converse. I told Bryn to meet me at the restaurant so I walked to a barber shop close by and got my hair trimmed. I had to look nice for this girl and show her I could take her other places just us and without having anything to do with music. 
With my new haircut, I made the trek to Batanga, where my girl was waiting for me ever so patiently. At least I hoped she wasnt waiting too long. 
But goddamn, why did she have to look so fucking good? She was wearing a high waist jean skirt that stopped a few inches above her knees, paired with a pink flowered blouse tucked into it. Her black hair was loose down her back. As soon as she turned around and saw me coming, she ran into my arms. 
I guess I should be flattered by that, I teased. Her face lit up like a kid at Christmas. Was it my new haircut?
She shook her head, running her fingers through my hair and messing it up a little bit. No, it wasnt that. Although it does suit you pretty well. Her green eyes looked up at mine as she bit her lip. Im just happy we can spend some alone time together away from the craziness for an hour or so. 
Mmmmwell we could find someplace quiet after for some extra special time. I breathed in her ear. She looked so stunning in her simple outfit and just imagining her standing in front of me stark naked made me hard as a rock. Damn, and we were just about to go in and eat; Id have to find a way to cover this so people didnt see. 
Bryn giggled and grabbed my hand, linking it with hers. Lets get through lunch and maybe Ill consider that. But no funny business when were eating either, she warned with an authoritative tone. Which meant I had to keep my hands and feet to myself or else Id be in deep shit. 
We walked into the restaurant hand in hand, and were greeted by owner, who walked us back to the patio decorated with flowers all around. 
Complimentary of the restaurant, was all he said. He smiled widely at both of us as he walked back into the busy restaurant. I slid Bryns chair out for her, but she was studying the pink roses on a bush by the wall closest to us. 
I dont think theyd mind us taking a few, would they? She turned to me with one in her hand. 
Well, they match your shirt so we could probably make a getaway with them after were done, I replied, grabbing my pocket knife out of my back pocket and cutting one of the roses off the bush. I pulled some of Bryns hair back and stuck the rose just above her ear. Beautiful, I murmured against her skin, and I heard Bryn let out a quiet Ohhh. 
Youre trouble, you know that? she said as she sat down in the chair across from me. 
I smirked at her, taking in the sight in front of me. I felt like I was on cloud nine, once again wondering how I was able to be in the same room as this girl. The waiter came out to welcome us, handing over menus, going into detail about the lunch specials they had. We both started out with lemonade while we decided on what we wanted. 
Bryn looked up at me from the top of her menu and stuck her tongue out jokingly. So I just have to say if any of this stuff tastes like those frog legs in Louisiana, Im potentially moving down south.
I shook my head as I decided on ordering chicken tacos. Youre too cute when you wrinkle your eyebrows like that, I said, setting my menu down and crossing my arms over my chest. I didnt tell her that when she did that it drove me fucking insane in a good way. I imagined her doing that a lot when she was still living with her parents, especially when they were telling her what to do every second of every day. 
She cocked her head to the side, still thinking, and then handed me her menu as she laughed. Im going to be brave and go with the calamari. Ive never been a huge fan of fish. 
I held a hand to my heart and replied sarcastically, Thats definitely being brave, alright 
Bryn instantly kicked me under the table, causing me to mutter cuss words under my breath. Luckily, the waiter came back before Bryn could do more damage and we ordered. Once she was out of ear shot, I kicked the leg of her chair and Bryn squealed, holding onto the table. 
She gave me her dont mess with me look as she shot me the middle finger. Its on now. I shrugged as if I didnt do anything wrong and winked at her as I leaned back in my chair. 
Ill look forward to it, my love. I laughed and she pulled out her phone to snap a picture of me. I wasnt even ready, Bryn
I know. She smiled. Those are the best ones though! I need a pic of you on my phone anyways. 
I dont like having my picture taken, I said honestly. Besides photo shoots and pictures with fans sometimes after shows, I never cared to have my picture taken, nor liked looking at pictures of myself. The last one I looked at was the picture of Kallie and I on the magazine cover. Bryn would be in Kallies place if the shoot had gone my way. 
Well thats a shame, because youre pretty darn handsome and schmexy, if I do say so myself, Bryn replied.
What is it with you and schmexy? 
I like that word, is that a problem? she asked. Id take it as a compliment if I were you. Especially coming from your girlfriend.
You are so fun to rile up. I rubbed my hands together. The look on her face was priceless. I liked to get Bryn riled up because sometimes she would mumble under her breath and say things that made absolutely no sense at all. You sound better on stage when I get you going. Plus you bite your bottom lip like youre doing right now, and thats so fucking hot. I want to suck on that bottom lip where those teeth are right now and take complete advantage of you. 
Bryn had a devious look in her eyes as she continued to suck on her bottom lip just to mess with me; it was sure as hell working. I wouldve done something about it but our food was being brought out to us and my stomach was growling something fierce. 
We both dug in as we basically ate in silence and enjoyed the scenery of Downtown around us. I ate my chicken tacos within a few minutes time and texted the guys to let them know wed be heading back to the bus pretty soon. I was feeling good for most of the day, trying not to sneak pills into my back pocket. My life had grown too dependent on my addiction and I had to break this habit before it became unstoppable. Usually when I went so long without taking any form or pain killers, I would be impossible to work with. Bryn had seen me act like a monster, especially early on when she joined the band and I was jealous of how she was seeing Damon, despite her telling me it wasnt like that. 
That fueled my fire, but I was in a dark place after I found out Lucy cheated on me with Tyler of all people. Lucy had been the first girl I had dated for a long period of time, so after that, I had sworn I wouldnt take women seriously and fool around while I still had the chance. But once I saw Bryn, I knew I had to change my thinking and start trying to win her over with my good looks and charm. Ha, who was I kidding? I was farstill was far from a charmer, but hey, at least she saw something in me. 
Okay, Im really impressed, Bryn said as she swallowed her last bite of fish and took a sip of lemonade. That was even better than the stuff our private chef used to make back home.
So my taking you here met your standards, Ms. Fancy Pants? 
Bryn snorted from laughing so hard. Fancy pants, huh?
Well, its better than calling you rich girl or some other stereotypical nickname, I said truthfully, but she knew I was teasing her. She had grown a lot since Id gotten to know her over the past eight months. I couldnt lie, seeing the dress she wore to the audition, I thought, Oh, shes just going to play some bubble gum pop song on a guitar she probably doesnt know how to play. But oh shit was I wrong. And glad of it too. 
Very true. She smirked. Over the next couple of minutes we talked about music video plans, and Bryn was totally on board with releasing Straight from the Heart as our next single. She tried talking me out of it at first, saying that no one would like that song, but from the responses wed gotten from fans whod posted on our Facebook page and Twitter, it was some peoples favorite song off the new album.  
We got our bill and went back inside to pay, where the owner gave us his business card and said next time we were down in that area, that hed let us hold a party on the patio free of charge. 
Bryn linked her arm with mine as we walked back in the direction of where Hal had parked the bus. 
So what about finding somewhere to go after lunch? Bryn looked at me with her puppy dog eyes, knowing full well that Id do anything shed ask me to with that damn look on face. We stopped in front of a bench not too far from the bus as I spun her and pressed her against the closest building I could find. Her back landed against the hot brick as my lips collided hard with hers. 
I say screw being private and just do it right here. I groaned, Bryn wrapping her hands around my neck to pull me back down to her greedy lips. My dick was getting hard again in my jeans and I either had to take her right here against this brick wall in broad daylight or Id be taking a cold-ass shower back on the bus before the show. I needed Bryn. I had to have her and there was no way around it.  
Our kisses became more intensified as I started to slowly un-tuck Bryns blouse from her high waist skirt, needing to feel her bare skin against my fingertips. Before I could get it fully free, I heard a loud fake cough from behind me. Shit, I secretly cursed as we broke apart and saw an older gentleman and what looked like his wife, who was walking with a cane. 
We exchanged looks with them for a split second, the gentleman tipping his cowboy hat to us with a slight nod as he and his wife went on their way. 
That brings back great memories, I heard the wife say to her husband as Bryn quickly tucked back in her blouse, her face flushing a deep shade of red. To be that young again. 
I covered my mouth in response, not sure of how to react about being caught. Once they were across the street, Bryn and I couldnt contain our laughter any longer. 
Once we recovered from our uncontrollable hysterics, Bryn stood up straight again, messed with her hair a bit and whispered, Do you think that will be us someday? 
I took Bryn into my arms and hugged her as tightly as I possibly could. Kissing her on her forehead, I spoke sweetly, Yes it will, B. I can promise you that.
***
Bryn 
When we told everyone about how we got caught practically mauling each other in the middle of Downtown by an older couple, each and every person on the bus died laughing. 
Thats what you get! Vince pointed at Cale in a fit of laughter. At the time I was completely caught up in the moment. I mean, this guy just took me to the best restaurant I had eaten at in a very long time, and the tension could be cut with a knife. I wanted to skip the meal and have him for lunch, but we behaved pretty well. The food was amazing. I made a note in my phone to go back there next time we played in Texas; I wanted to show the place to Gina and Bethany. Im surprised no one threw rocks at you or anything to get you two to stop.
Its not that funny, guys, so please focus on something else. Cale threw a pillow at Vince and he dodged it as it instead hit Luke. 
Oh no, you wont get away with it that easy, Luke teased. Then he turned to me. Dont worry, Bryn. I wont tease you about italthough thats completely out there for youbut its so easy to hassle him and get away with it.
I put a hand on Lukes shoulder and said, Well that makes me feel slightly less embarrassed! 
Its fucking hilarious! Raptor shouted. Happens to the best of us, Bryn. Dont feel embarrassed. Youre taking a ride On the wildddd side he sang the last bit, quoting Motley Crue.
I chuckled at Raptors response. Thanks, Raptor.
Lets talk about something else. Cale came up behind me, resting his chin on my shoulder talking only so I could hear. Like how were going to have an amazing set tonight and finish what we started outside His breath on my skin was making my whole body tremble, and my knees weakened. Because all I know is tonight I wont be able to look at you onstage without wanting to take off each and every piece of clothing you have on. Its way too tempting at this point. Oh good lord. My insides were tossing and turning and I felt my panties get damper by the second. How was I supposed to play our hour and some odd minutes set listening to Cales amazing voice when all Id be thinking about was sex?
He was trouble with a damn capital T. But I didnt care. A little trouble never hurt anyone, and I was willing to cause a little trouble now and again especially since I was a free girl and didnt have someone breathing down my neck setting rules for me. 
I fanned myself as he let go of me, suddenly feeling warm. Its so on. I winked at him, running as fast as I could away from him before he could catch me. Luckily, I had a small head start off the bus so as he tried to maneuver through everyone by the buses, I slowed down my pace a bit. Before I could get to the door, I accidentally bumped into Adam, Kallies bandmate. 
He held his arms out to steady me as I almost tripped over his feet. 
I am so, so sorry, I said, completely out of breath as I straightened out my clothes. Adam let out a hearty laugh and grinned. 
Are you trying to run away or something? he asked me jokingly. 
Of course not. I smiled back. Adam was decent looking, to say the least. He had dark blond hair that was tied back in a ponytail and had tattoos trailing down both of his arms, and some creeping out of the top of his t-shirt. Before I could say more, I felt Cales arms encircle me and I squealed as loud as I could. 
Ah hah! I caught up to you. Cale couldnt hold back his laughter as his fingers tightened their grip on my hips. Thanks for stopping her, Adam. 
Adam shook his head and high-fived Cale. Wasnt trying to, but youre welcome. I better get in and start practicing or Kallie will have my head chopped off. 
Is she in some kind of mood tonight or something? I asked and he shrugged. 
Hell if I know. She seemed pretty chill today, but something has been eating at her because when she gets that pissed off expression, that means someone is getting under her skin.
I wanted to say it was probably my doing, but I didnt want to drag anyone else into the situation. Only Gina and Bethany knew what Kallie said about wanting Cale, and I wasnt planning on letting that cat out of the bag. Not yet at least. Id confront her at some point. 
Damn, good luck with her, dude. Ill be sure to stay out of her way. Cale chuckled, his hand now on the small of my back as we stepped inside. And kick ass tonight.
Always do! Adam remarked, waving in our direction. 
***
Everything felt like it was returning to normal. Cale wasnt being moody like he sometimes was before a show and I just had a really good feeling about tonight. We were all in good spirits. I looked over at my best friends who were telling Raptor a funny modeling story while he was staring down Ginas button up shirt and I sat down on Ginas lap. 
So you really spilled wine all over that guy at the club? I asked. 
Yes! He was dancing too close to me and was trying to feel me up while Bethany and I were dancing with one of our other friends. Gina frowned. He wouldnt stop, so I grabbed the closest glass of wine that I could find and stained up his pretty little white polo he had on. That showed him.
I giggled at Ginas retelling of the story. There was never a dull moment with my friends that was for sure. Plus Gina was never the girl you wanted to mess with, even in High School. She was the tougher, meaner one out of the three of us, while Bethany was more reserved. I was the same way, minus the times when you got all of us together and we blended in the crowd pretty well. 
At least now youve got that guy. I pointed towards Raptor, where he was now doing shots with Tyler and Cale. 
Gina sighed. Very true. Then she covered her mouth. Shit. I wasnt supposed to say anything yet!
I looked at her with a confused look. What, are you two like official boyfriend and girlfriend and you couldnt tell me? I hugged Gina from where I was sitting on her waist and she nodded, trying to contain her obvious excitement. 
You bitch. Bethany hit her arm. When did this happen?
Today I guess? I dont know! Gina said nervously. It just kind ofhappened I guess.
Next time you need to tell us these things, girly. I gestured from me to Bethany. I totally support you though, because he is one of my good friends and all. Then I whispered in her ear, And he doesnt smell either.
Jeez thanks, Bryn, Gina replied sarcastically. Ill have to remember that.
I slipped off Ginas lap, walking over to grab a Diet Coke from where the drinks were sitting on the table when I noticed Cale fumbling in his back pocket for something. He didnt see me looking at him, but the way his hand was shaking, it seemed fishy to me. I opened up my drink and took a sip, seeing that he pulled out a handful (well maybe 5 or 6) white pills, putting one back in his front pocket as he slipped the rest into his mouth. 
And he told me he only took them when he really needed them, I thought to myself angrily as I turned away before he caught me staring. Did anyone else notice? Maybe I was just making a big deal out of something when I shouldnt, but taking all of those pills at once when he seemed perfectly fine? It didnt make sense. What I shouldve been madno scratch thatroyally pissed about, was that he lied to my fucking face when I confronted him on the bus. It looked like there was nothing wrong with him. I mean, he seemed the happiest hed been in a while. Thats what I thought at least.  
Everything okay? I walked up beside him, just as I watch him slide another pill into his mouth without anyone noticing besides me. 
Ohuhyeah, of course, B. Just having some liquid courage before the show. I need it. Cale let out a nervous laugh and his right arm wrapped around my waist as he kissed the side of my head. You look really, really beautiful tonight. I dont know if I told you already. I rolled my eyes, wanting to say that this was all hed been saying to me tonight. How pretty my hair looked, my green eyes, my outfit. Non-stop. It didnt annoy me or anything, I just thought he would figure out something else to talk about. 
Dont I always? I asked, my lips forming a sly smile. I mean youre obviously with me for a reason. 
Cale chuckled and pulled me in closer. Its because you can play guitar better than any guy. 
Well, you are good looking. Vince blurted out as he came back from the bathroom. Ive told Cale before if he screws up with you Id totally take you out, Bryn. I mean just as friends and all, I swear.
No you wouldnt. Cale glared at him. I dont plan on screwing up anytime soon, so dont get your hopes up. Shes all mine. 
As much as I liked hearing him say I was all his. 
***
As we played our opening song of the set, we were welcomed by high pitched screams and fists pumping into the air. By now it had become an almost nightly ritual, but I would still get giddy and nervous all at the same time. If I ever screwed up a note, these people in the crowd would know; and probably start throwing things at us. 
Hope to hell that didnt happen. 
We were trying Straight from the Heart tonight since we were shooting the video for it next week in Denver where Richard Marx was going to meet up with us and record us playing the song at the show there. I was terrified about playing my song for the first time, even though people had already heard it on the album. I had started writing this song on the last tour, not even sure who it was about in the first place. I was still in a bad place at that point in time because of Ethan and was having nightmares of what occurred that night I dumped him, but they hadnt happened in a long time. Maybe because in his own way he apologized? 
You guys liking the set so far? Cale yelled, throwing his hands up and everyone yelling back responses. Alright, were going to play a new one for you guys. Were shooting a music video for this song next week and its off the record New Beginnings. This is Straight from the Heart. Instantly it felt like the noise level shook the stage because the crowd went nuts. 
I kicked out the opening notes and began the song. Cale was singing my lyrics and I couldnt contain my smile or my energy. I went from one side of the stage to the other, giving everything I had. I joined with him on the harmonies and everyone was on point. When we finished the song, it was safe to say that wed be playing it every night for the rest of the tour because Id never seen the crowd react like that to any of our songs besides You Were Young. 
Cale and I locked eyes after the song was over with and he was beaming. He said a thank you to the crowd and ran over to me, kissing me square on the lips. Best one yet, he whispered to me, high-fiving Vince and Luke before heading into our last song. 
I could never get enough of this. 
Chapter 11: Secrets Kill the Weak
Cale
Your bottled up secrets
The demons hiding inside 
The things you wish you could tell to the world
Will kill you in the end
I thought I told you to stay away from me unless its music related. I turned to face Kallie Cooper as she cornered me after the Angels from Hell set in Phoenix. Bryn was already back at the bus with everyone else while I had stowed myself away in the bathroom stall, regretting that I took the last of the pills I carried. My heart felt like it was about to burst into a million pieces. Id had chest pain before from when I almost overdosed on more than one occasion, but you would think I would take a hint after a scare like that. 
Ha. Thats a joke. 
Kallie placed her hands on her tiny hips and pursed her lips. I had made every effort to avoid this girl because she was a bitch that had it out for my girlfriend, but being that our bands were co-headlining this tour, I would have to deal with her at some point or another whether I liked it or not. 
This is music related. Do you have a second or are you too busy waiting on your prissy bandmate every minute of the damn day? Kallie retorted. Strike one. I wished I could smack the living shit out of her. But from the way she smiled, she knew it was pissing me off. 
Keep talking like that and Ill walk away so lets just get straight to the point, I hissed. 
We were invited to play an acoustic show at this University in Denver the day after the show in town for this Battle of the Bands the school is hosting. Kallie paused. And the people wanted not just us, but all of us. I already talked to Kyler and hes game, but I said Id let them know about you guys.  
Okayis that it? I asked. 
Yeah. I dont have a lot of details about it, we just got the call while you guys were onstage. Kallie flipped her aviators so they were on top of her head. So will you do it?
I shrugged, itching to lie down and try to find a way to hide the unbearable pain I was in right now. I felt like I would pass out right then and there with the road crews and people watching me with curious eyes. I leaned my hand onto the wall beside me so I wouldnt collapse onto the cold floor. 
Count us in, I replied as quickly as I could. Kallie frowned for a second, her eyes filled with concern. That or she wanted to say something else. 
Sounds good. She pat me on the back before turning on her boot heel and walking away. Before she went outside she glanced back at me and yelled, Are you alright? You look like youre about to pass the fuck out or die or something.
I laughed at that statement. Nah. Im perfectly fine. Nice set, by the way, I yelled, and she winked at me before flipping her hair and opening the outside door. I wanted to burn that wink out of my mind. 
My head was pounding severely to the point where I almost lost my grip on the wall, but I took my hand off of it anyway, practically racing to get some fresh air. That might do the trick. Id had after effects this bad after taking pills before, but I was terrified that Bryn was going to see me. I was also surprised she hadnt confronted me after seeing me take the pills out of my back pocket earlier. Tyler had seen her watch me swallow them and he told me to watch my back. 
I was praying that lying down and drinking some water might be the cure, but all I cared about was seeing Bryn. I had to control this pain somehow. Even if the guys were used to me me stumbling around like an idiot, they would think something was up. 
I got outside and a blast of warm air hit my body, taking me by surprise. For it being near midnight it still felt like it was at least 80 degrees. Luke was over with Raptor smoking outside of our bus and I stood with my back against it, taking a puff from Lukes cigarette, much to his surprise. 
Well this is a shock. You havent smoked since High School, Luke said, taking one last puff before smashing the bud under his sandal. Whats up?
Not feeling so hot, I admitted, putting my hands in my front pockets to stop my hands from shaking. 
Does it have to do with the shit-ton of pills you took before the set? Raptor accused me. We all saw you do it. Were not stupid. As a matter of fact, I think were all pretty used to this shit by now. You take too much and you start to flip out and go a little crazy.
I shouldnt have to explain myself to you guys, I snapped. I dont know how to stop.
Luke nearly choked on the water he was drinking. Are you fucking kidding me right now? You keep saying I dont know how to stop, I dont know what to do, you know what you should do? Flush the rest down the toilet and go to fucking rehab because youve had this problem for far too long, and I am tired of pretending everything is okay when its not.  He kicked some stones beside him and stepped within inches of me, meeting me eye to eye. Im done with this shit, Pelton. If you keep using and abusing the pills, I quit on the spot. Then he stomped onto the bus and slammed the door shut. 
Luke was usually never one to get into someones face like that, so when he confronted me and had a look on his face like he wanted to kill me? That meant I should have been scared. Because I knew hed quit the band. He didnt do idle threats. 
I turned to Raptor, trying not to look him directly in the eye as I asked him, Do you feel the same way?
Youre hurting everyone around you. Ill just leave it at that. If Bryn doesnt already know, you better tell her or youll lose your dream girl. Raptor spat on the ground and turned to get on the bus. Same goes for me. Dont take any more or else youll be down a roadie and a friend. Im not picking up the fucking pieces when you overdose. 
I stayed put while I could hear commotion and laughter on the bus. I slumped down so my butt hit the pavement and let my head hit the wall of the bus. I put my hands on my knees and tried breathing deeply, counting to a hundred, anything that would get me to calm down. To anyone else, yeah itd be a pretty easy habit to break. Taking these painkillers for years now, sneaking around peoples backs, spending way too much money for an addiction had to come to an end. It wasnt going to be easy. Id probably wind up killing myself in the long run trying to withdraw from pills. 
I dont know how long I was sitting out there, but when I woke up I was in the bed in the back room with Bryn lying beside me, wearing pajama shorts and a t-shirt, her hair tied into a wet bun on top of her head. 
Noticing she was awake, waiting for any sign of life from me Im sure, she said in a low whisper, About time you woke up. 
How did I get back in the bus? I asked. 
Tyler and Hal carried you in. You were sound asleep against the bus practically almost falling over onto your side. Bryn sounded worried. She seemed sad as she scooted closer to me, our noses now touching. Can I ask you something?
Lightly kissing her nose, I said, You can ask me anything, Bryn, and you know it.
Okay. Do you have anything youre keeping from me?
I stammered a little bit. How was I supposed to answer that? Tell her upfront I abused pain killers? Or lie to her face yet again, claiming I was an open book and that I had no secrets?
Opening my mouth, I lied and said, Of course Im not keeping anything from you, Bryn. Why would you think that, babe? At any moment I was ready for her to blurt out she knew the truth. I was waiting on pins and needles. It was only a matter of time. 
I dont know. I mean everyone has secrets I guess, right? I just figured you knew some of mine. I barely know any of yours, she admitted, and my mouth turned into a frown. She was right. She barely knew my secrets, let alone my personal life outside of my sisters, mom and our bandmates. She had no idea (that I was aware of) that I abused painkillers for nearly five years, or that I beat my father up to a bloody pulp, wishing I never saw him again. To be honest, I wasnt being fair to her and that alone killed me. 
Youre right, I said softly, tucking strands of her hair behind her hair. Ill be blunt, theres shit I keep inside for a reason, Bryn. Theres a lot of things you dont know about me yet, but dont think its because I dont love you. You just have to give me some time, thats all. Therethat maybe bought me a weeks time, and then she would question me again. Then I would just have to brace myself for the aftermath.
***
Bryn
We were in Denver finally! I was over the top excited about finally shooting the live music video for Straight from the Heart. We were all really anxious to play it tonight and to work with Richard Marx again. The week from Phoenix to Denver went by all too slow, and the tension between Cale and I was growing again. 
I had gone in search for him that night in Phoenix only to see him slumped over on his ass against the bus. It scared the living crap out of me. I didnt know if he simply fell asleep, or if he really passed out and was dead (a little extreme but I still thought that). 
Hal, I need your help. I poked my head into the bus where Hal was sitting in the drivers seat reading a book with his glasses on. He threw the book down beside him and set his glasses on the dashboard. 
What is it, Bryn? Is everything alright?
I pointed down beside me. Hal got off the bus and turned to see Cale still slumped over, no signs of waking up. Shit, he swore under his breath, kneeling down to check for his pulse. Thank fuck hes still breathing, but hes out cold. Go get Tyler and have him help me please, Hal ordered and I ran back in as quickly as I could. Tyler was watching Fight Club along with everyone else crowded on the leather couch. 
He looked up at me right away, concerned. 
Can you come out here and help me and Hal? I asked, trying not to disturb everyone else. Gina and Bethany were snuggled up next to Raptor and Luke, and didnt notice me come back. Its Cale.
Tyler got up and stormed past me. Outside, he instantly rolled his eyes and cussed loudly, running his hands furiously through his hair. That fucker needs to clean up his act, how many times will it take
What do you mean? I asked him, watching Hal and Tyler lift Cale up at the same time. 
Hes pulled this idiotic crap before, thats what, Tyler snapped in response, startling me. He saw the look on my face and his expression softened. Im sorry, hun, I shouldnt take this out on you. I wasnt even supposed to say what I just did. He was supposed to tell you himself
I didnt ask Tyler anything else. I helped them get Cale into the bed in the back after that and was with him when he finally woke up. I wasnt sure what Cale was going through that meant he was pulling this crap again, but I told myself no matter what, that he was my best friend and boyfriend. I needed to be there for him.  When he was ready to come clean about whatever it was that was eating at him, he would. I wasnt sure how much longer I could wait though. 
Ever since Phoenix, hed been trying to swoon me and buy me flowers practically every day. We stayed in a hotel and straight after a show. We spent all night long re-exploring each other in the most intimate ways. The way his fingers gracefully touched my skin made my insides bubbly. Despite all of the madness around up, Cale had still found a way to make me feel special when it was just the two of us all alone.
But outside of the bedroom, something was eating away at him. Before stage, he would have his hands constantly stuffed into his pockets, trying to avoid looking at me. By the time we arrived in Denver, I had decided enough was enough. Regardless of how I felt when we were alone and how much I loved him, he needed to finally tell me the truth or calm down those tantrums. I couldnt handle it much longer. 
He looks sick, Gina whispered to me as we just got done having lunch at a local sub shop in Downtown Denver. Did he hit his head or something when he passed out last week?
I shook my head. No. He hasnt said anything was wrong but its a complete bullshit lie if you ask me. I groaned, sitting so my elbows rested on my knees as we sat on the bench outside. Its just crazy. One minute, were alone and he treats me like a damn princess, but the nextI cant even explain it.
Do you think he might be using drugs, Bryn? Bethany suggested. I shot the thought down. There was no way Cale would do drugs. Hed told me before he was deathly afraid of needles, minus the times he had gotten a tattoo. 
He couldnt bewe would know, right? 
I would think so. But even Raptors been wondering about Cale, and whenever were together, he never brings it up, Gina said. It could explain the mood swings though.
I had no idea what to believe. 
But if he is, you would think he would at least want to get help I assumed. My phone started vibrating in my pocket just as I was about to finish what I was going to say. 
Not bothering to look at the number, I answered. Hello, this is Bryn.
Bryn Michelle, you finally decide to take our calls. My body froze and my mouth became dry. I knew that cruel, frigid tone from anywhere. It was the one I had anticipated on never talking to for a very long time. 
What do you want, mother? I replied coldly. You sent my own brother after me to hurt me, what could you possibly have to say now?
I take it you have not heard the voicemail from a few weeks back? Even the way this woman asked questions gave me bad chills. Of course I got that voicemail, I wanted to say. 
Yeah, you claimed you loved me. I find that especially hard to believe, I said in return. Gina and Bethany pointed down the street to a gift shop and I waved them off. They didnt need to hear me arguing with my mother. 
After everything your father and I have done for you? You seem to forget, child. I brought you into this world. We wanted you back home with us because youre not supposed to be living this whole fantasy lifestyle. Truthfully, your father misses you. We have fought back and forth about how to bring you home, and thought Brayden might have done the trick.
My mind wasnt ready for all of this shit with my mom. Anger clouded my judgment and I was pretty close to going off on her at any second. But instead he tries to kill my friends and in the end himself? How would that have worked, mother? Because that just makes you look stupid. Theres no way I wouldve went home then or now. 
Youll come around. She let out a shrill laugh that made me cringe. Just wait. Youll get your dreams shattered and heartbroken and no one will be there to pick up the pieces
Fuck you, you evil woman, I spat back, hanging up before she could respond. Who knew that a few minutes of conversation would set the tone for the rest of the day? I could feel tears welling up in my eyes, but I refused to cry. I had cried so many nights because I felt trapped by my parents, trapped by my life, and I was finally happy and doing things I never thought I would do. I wouldnt let my mothers words get to me anymore. 
I caught up with Gina and Bethany down the street. They pulled me into a group hug as I let out a huge sigh.
You dont even need to explain, they said to me, holding me close as we held our hug for a few minutes in silence.  We returned to the bus, arms linked in one anothers, not bringing up that phone call anymore. Tyler just got off the phone with the video director, who was going to meet us at the venue so he could set up his equipment to shoot our live video tonight. 
I heard about what happened earlier. Tyler snuck up from behind me just as I finished changing my clothes. I jumped a little and spun around. 
Jeez, you scared me. I playfully slapped him on the chest and he smiled. But howd you hear about that? 
Overheard Bethany telling Luke and Cale, he replied, an unreadable expression on his face. But that doesnt surprise me, considering theyve been over to my parents house on occasion for dinner parties and they werent the nicest people.
Thats an understatement, I retorted as Tyler went back to his phone call and I went in search of Cale. He was changing his shirt when I found him by our bunks, his six pack on full display. I still had to catch my breath sometimes when I looked at him. He didnt have an enormous amount of tattoos like some of the guys I had seen throughout both tours, but the ones he had were all in the right places. His eagle on his shoulder had just gotten touched up a few weeks ago and had brand new brown and white coloring. As much as I wanted to run my fingers along that and his biceps at that very second, I had to tell myself no. 
To add to the temptation, he smelled really good too, like my favorite Burberry mens cologne. I inhaled deeply and Cale probably heard me because when he turned around he had a childish smirk on his face. 
Were you just sniffing my cologne? he asked teasingly. Because I mean by all means, I know I smell good, but come a little closer and sniff away
Maybe today would be a good day after all. Cale seemed to be back to his usual witty, cocky self from the way he was acting, and that was what I loved best about him. 
Oh please, I replied playfully, throwing the shirt he had in his hand over to the side of us. You can be so full of yourself sometimes.
Cales arms engulfed me into an embrace. But you love it, he said softly, kissing my hair and then a brief kiss on the lips. I didnt want to let go of him, the feeling of his bare skin against my clothed skin nearly setting me into overdrive. Its going to be a good night. I can feel it. 
I felt something else poking at me, causing me to giggle. Cale obviously noticed since he pressed into me even closer than he was. Dont do that. I giggled louder as his arms left me and started to tickle under my ribs. Youre going to end up with blue balls tonight if you keep that up!
But he didnt stop, lifting my shirt up slightly so his fingers could continue their assault on my bare skin. And your fingers are too cold, please stop! I pleaded, and Cale stopped, only to look at me with his damn panty dropping smile Id seen him use one too many times on stage. It worked on the fans and me too. He smoothed my shirt back down into place and reached for his shirt he was trying to put on minutes before. 
Dont worry, B, theres more where that came from. He winked, ruffling up his hair. If tonight goes as planned, theres no telling what trouble were going to get into. I wasnt so sure if I liked the sound of us getting into trouble, but I let Cale have his way without arguing. 
Meaning lets not burn the damn hotel down after the show tonight, Vince scolded as he got out of bed, high-fiving me before reaching Cale. Its going to be off the hook to see the footage afterwards.
Hell yeah, buddy, Cale shouted, squeezing my hand. Nervous at all? he asked me.
I shook my head, giving Cale a reassuring smile. Not one bit.
Chapter 12: Another Pill to Swallow
Cale 
Take one more
It wont kill you 
Itll just suck the life out of you 
But who really gives a damn?
The show was running as according to plan. I even saw Bryn and Kallie in some sort of discussion before our set, and no one threw any punches, which was a plus. I didnt want a cat fight on our hands just before we were about to play. We had met up with Richard Marx, the director for our music video, and went over the best spots for us to stand and move around during Straight from the Heart. Wed done live videos before when Everlasting was starting out, but now that we were tour headliners and whatnot, there was a lot riding on this video and performance. 
I decided tonight was the night I was going to tell Bryn about my addiction. I had woken up in such a great mood, not even reaching for the brand new bottle of off brand pain killers I bought at a pharmacy while the girls got their girly supplies. It was a step in the right direction and I was feeling like I could do anything. I knew the past week had been rough on Bryn and I with my uncontrollable mood swings, and that was the last straw. Ive said it before, but I wasnt going to put her or anyone else through it. 
Adding a bit of liquid courage to the mix, I was feeling on fire while we were on stage. Bryn had dressed extra sexy for the show tonight, wearing a diamond studded black t-shirt and short red shorts that barely covered her luscious ass, which was okay in my book. But watching all of the guys in the audience and backstage checking her out drove me insane. I wanted to put them all and say, Thats my girl, not yours. 
 Denver, you are the best crowd so far on this tour bar-none! I said to every fan in the crowd, which made them erupt into even louder cheers. Right now we have a good friend of ours, Richard Marx, here to shoot a music video for this next song. What you need to do is if you know the words, sing along. This is going to be seen around the world so each and every one of you need to get the fuck up and go insane. Can you do that? I didnt think the place could get any louder until then. 
This was going to be fun. 
Tyler started the drum beat and I put on my game faceor should I say singing face. I commanded the stage as I always did, putting an extra 200 % into every movement I made and singing my ass off. I looked at Bryn out of the corner of my eye and she had her head down briefly then looked at me with a million dollar smile. I smiled back at her as we played through the rest of the song. My chest was dripping with sweat by the time we finished, and I told myself before we did any partying tonight that I was taking a shower with my lady. 
Just as I thought everything was going in the bands favor, things quickly spiraled when Tyler messed up the drum line in You Were Young. This screwed up Vinces guitar solo in the process, which definitely went noticed. During Bryns vocals in the song, I went back to his drum set, grabbing the bottle of beer that sat in front of Tylers kit and chugged it down. I looked at him dead in the eyes and I knew he knew he fucked up bad. 
Im one of those guys that if any of us messes up on stageespecially in front of a big ass audience like tonightwill flip the hell out and itll take a few people to hold me back. My anger issues were mainly to blame for that. I sang the rest of the song in unison with Bryn, planning how I was going to kick Tylers ass after the set. 
We made it through the song and I put on my happy face again, thanking everyone for coming and announcing that Angels from Hell were going to be on soon. Bryn was putting away her guitar with Gina and Bethany nearby, gushing how great she played. No one had to tell her she was amazing. She knew it already. Id hate to tell Vince this but she could out play him on the guitar any day. Once I saw Tyler come backstage from where the curtain dropped, I stalked towards him. 
Youre lucky I dont fucking slap the mother My blood was boiling and I could feel my face burning with anger. 
Cale, stop it. Raptor tried to stand between Tyler and I as the others stood within a feet of me, awaiting what I was about to do next. Bryn was already outside with Gina and Bethany because she had felt sick. Where was she when I needed her? Dont do this here. People screw up. Shit happens.
I dont give a fuck about that, Rap! I shouted. Raptor stood out of the way as Tyler came within inches of me. 
Well you should. Tylers a good drummer and you know it better than us. Would you rather of had some stranger come in and fill my old place in the band? Raptor asked me, cocking an eyebrow. 
Might as well have. I whispered under my breath, my hands gripping the sides of my jeans so I didnt use them to punch Tyler. 
If youre going to confront me about screwing up one song, do it somewhere private, Tyler sneered. Right here and right now? It just makes you look like a chicken shit because theres people everywhere. 
I pushed him hard, causing him to fall back into the amps Hal and Raptor had loaded off stage. Yeah, and you screwed up during the biggest night on tour just after we finished the video! Whos the bigger ass now?
Tyler punched me just below my eye, and I caught wind, almost sending me flat on my ass. Everyone fucks up, Cale. You need to be knocked down a peg because you think youre hot shit just because girls flock to you almost everywhere we go. Remember Bryn, thats all I have to say. 
I stood up after an attempt to regain my composure, my fist connecting with Tylers cheek, which sent his head flying to the side. I tried to throw another punch but Hal came from behind and hauled me over his shoulder. 
Put me down, goddammit! I shouted, feeling like a little kid going into time-out. Raptor was holding Tyler back, trying to calm him down. He could come at me again for all I cared, have at it. I wound up in jail for a night because of him before, and Id gladly do it again. Hal didnt say a word, taking gigantic steps as he kicked the door open and threw my ass onto the pavement. Of course there were people outside just walking by and of course they stopped to see what the big scene was. 
I oughtta kick your ass my damn self, boy. Hal stuck a finger in my face. Are you trying to break up your own fucking band or what, Pelton?
He screwed our set up, and I simply told him, I said as calmly as I could, even though my blood was past the boiling point and I felt like my head was going to explode.
Yeah right. I can see straight through that lie, Cale. Youve got anger issues and one day karma will come back and bite your ass, Hal said, walking back inside so he could get the rest of the equipment. Turning back, he said, And Ill stand there and laugh while you get whats coming to you. 
I didnt need him anyway. So what if he was Lukes uncle? I could fire his ass and hire a new driver. Someone who wouldnt get in the way of me pounding Tylers face into the floor. My knuckles were sore and red but the punches were damn well worth it. 
Bryn came straight from the other side of the bus, where I heard a commotion of laughter. Her mouth dropped a few feet at the sight of me, her face full of concern. 
Cale! she shrieked, noticing my black eye and my red knuckles. She ran straight to my side, offering her hand to pull me up. What the hell happened to you? I heard a bunch of shouting but I couldnt figure out where it was coming from. 
Before I could answer, Tyler appeared outside, one hand covering the side of his face where I punched him. His gaze avoided me, but instead landed on my girlfriend. I should have punched his other side just for looking at Bryn. 
Bryn looked back and forth from Tyler to me, her hands sifting furiously through the ends of her hair as her look of confusion turned to sheer pissed off. Okay, she said, her jaw clenched. She used her finger to gesture Tyler to come over to where we were. The two of you need to explain and now. She pointed from me to Tyler. And you need to tell me why the frickin fuck you each look like you just got out of a wrestling ring. You look like hell. 
Coming from my girlfriend, I must have really looked bad. 
You can thank your boyfriend for giving me shit about screwing up my drum line, Tyler snapped. 
Yeah, and you damn well deserved it! We looked like crap up there after that. I glared at him, flashing him the finger. Plus hes the reason I have this black eye, Bryn.
Whoa, now you just sound like youre a little preschooler, Cale. Tyler cackled, his eyes narrowing in on my black eye. Id do it again in a heartbeat. 
I think he had a death wish. I lunged towards him, sending both of us to the ground; his head landed hard against the pavement. 
Guys, you need to stop! Bryn let out a high pitched shriek, running around us and trying to figure out how to tear us apart. Tyler managed to punch me right in the nose, and I could feel blood immediately pour down my face. I lifted my fist and nailed him not once, but twice more before Tyler used his feet to kick me off of him. I stumbled again, falling against Bryn, who stepped away from me with a scowl.  
I dont think you shouldve punched me in front of your girlfriend. Tyler smirked underneath the blood and bruises that littered his face. You should really go back inside the bus, Bryn. Let us settle this shit.
Bryn gave him the middle finger. Seriously? Not a chance. You two need to get cleaned up and make up because Im not dealing with this band tension when we still have a few weeks to go. Through this whole time we were outside, I never once thought about how she might be feeling when she saw me act like a raging monster. For a moment, I was scared I was going to lose my girl and my best friend. 
Tyler squeezed Bryns shoulder. Im sorry you had to even see any of this. Then he leaned down to kiss her on the cheek. She mouthed its okay, even though I knew that was a flat out lie. Tyler turned to face me and said, While were at it though, pal, why dont you tell Bryn about your little secret, Cale?
Yes, I was about to go to jail for murder in the second degree. 
Bryn put her hands in her pockets, trying not to show her emotions. I saw a single tear in the corner of her eye as her gaze met mine and she quietly asked, What secret is he talking about, Cale? What are you keeping from me? I didnt want her to find out this way, but this was what it came to. 
Leave it alone, Tyler, I said through gritted teeth. Ill fucking murder you right here and now. 
I saw Bryn turn away from us, her hands out of her pockets and now on each side of her head. All I wanted was to hold her and tell her everything would be okay.  
Shut up, the two of you! She screamed as she turned back around to face us. Just tell me the goddamn secret or I swear Ill quit the band right now and fly home. Her voice cracked. 
Tyler shook his head, frowning. Show her the pills, Pelton.
Bryn cut me off before I could defend myself. Tyler, he takes those because he still gets pain every once in a while. She looked at me with hope in her eyes. Right?
My mouth stayed glued shut. I didnt know what to say to Bryn to make her ease up; I knew at this point there was most likely no hope for me. 
Nothing to say, Pelton? Tyler asked with a look of satisfaction on his face, wiping blood off his cheek with his sleeve. 
I took a step toward Tyler. Get out of here, Donahue. Now. Before you make things even worse.
Despite what just happened, you dick, Im looking out for you. Dont screw up what you have with Bryn because of your stupidity, Tyler replied, scratching his forehead. 
Stop defending me, Tyler, Bryn said. And Cale, just tell me what youre keeping from me please? Her eyes were silently pleading. She looked so innocent and fragile, standing there next to two broken assholes who didnt even deserve to be in the same space as her. This secret was going to kill her.
Bryn, hun I started to say, my fingers grazing over her wrist. Just hear me out, promise?
Oh, Pelton just cut to the chase, Tyler interrupted. Tell her youre addicted to pain killers.
***
Bryn
I felt like I had just been blindsided. Yes, Id seen him take his pain meds when he said he needed them, but I never would have thought he was an addict. I stepped back against the metal of the tour bus, my whole body shaking like I was about to burst into uncontrollable tears. It was a big lie. Lying about being fucking addicted to pain killers was a big deal, at least to me. My breathing hitched as I let the tears fall. I couldnt look at either Cale or Tyler. I didnt want to see the guy who has fed me lies ever since Id met him and the guy that looked at me like he always wanted to kiss me. Both of them could go to Hell. 
Cale looked fuming mad. He had just gotten into a major fist fight with Tyler, and from the way his face turned dark red, he wanted to do much worse than punch him. But he had no right to be mad. His expression changed when he saw my tears that were blinding me. Bryn, can you say something?
II meanhow long has this been going on? I stammered, getting my first question out of the way. I wiped the tears out of my eyes, my sleeve now completely soaked. 
Cale ran a bloody hand through his hair and stared down at his feet before meeting my eyes. Basically five yearson and off. 
Thats bullshit. Youve quit for what, a week here and there? But you always go back. Tyler said, his arms crossed over his chest. 
I didnt know what else to say. Addiction was a big deallife threatening, and I wondered how he hadnt been permanently damaged by taking so many pills at once. It also explained his crazy mood swings, how he would push me away, how he slept with the groupie on my first tour. Essentially it explained everything. But did it make sense? Hell no. I barely ever took medicine unless my mother and father had forced me to go to the doctor, so I wanted to know and understand why he was an addict. Maybe, just maybe I could help him. 
I wasnt feeling quite helpful at the moment. 
I dont know what to say to you, I said quietly, my hands tightly curling into fists and my jaw tight. Im your girlfriend and your bandmate, Cale. You couldnt tell me that? You had to keep it from me? When would you have told me? When you landed in the hospital damn near dying?
Cale breathed a deep breath and attempted to take me into his arms but I pushed him away. Dont touch me. Im so hurt right now. It wasnt even a little fib or a white lie, but something that could take your life. What else are you keeping from me, huh? I pushed him again. Lets keep it rolling, shall we? I turned my attention to Tyler. What else is this guy keeping from me? You surely know him better than I do. 
Tyler placed both of his hands on my shoulders. Somehow, that seemed to calm me down, but only a tiny bit. I was still contemplating the whole punching and kicking Cale idea. How about we get back on the bus, clean up, and chill out for the night? Youre as pale as a ghost, Bryn. Tylers face was full of worry. 
I grabbed a hold of his hands and threw them off of me. No. I think Cale and I need to have a little talk before I go anywhere else with him on this tour. I pointed at him. Cale and I can have a chit chat inside the bus while you wait out here. 
Tyler shrugged, not looking once in Cales direction as he took off his shirt to use as a towel to clean the blood off of his face. I tried hard not to stare at him; remembering Cale was my main focus. I stomped onto the bus, kicking off my shoes and watching them hit the wall hard. Cale followed, standing so close behind me I could feel each breath he took against the back of my neck. 
Will you let me speak now? he demanded. I refused to move. I didnt want to look at his amber eyes that burned a hole through me every time I gazed into them.  Or at least turn around so you can see my damn lips move. 
I spun around so fast I nearly bumped into him. 
I shot him a hateful glare. Explain, I spat. 
First, Im sorry I didnt tell you from the start, he said. This has been something Ive struggled with ever since high school, and Ive tried so many different ways to quit, and nothing has ever worked long enough. Cale looked at his feet then at my eyes. It all started after I got into a huge fist fight with my dad. He came back to the house and thought he could rough up my mom a little bit.  I taught him a damn lesson, causing him a trip to jail. After that I had anxiety attacks so bad my mom took me to the doctor and they put me on medication to help ease them. 
So you havent even tried to go to rehab? I asked. That wouldve been my first thought, but I remembered Cale was as stubborn as a damn bull and wouldnt give up that easily. With his cocky attitude to go with the stubbornness, hed maybe last a day and bail. 
Cale shrugged. Never. Im not leaving the band, Bryn. These guys are my brothers and have been with me through it all. Youre not the only one to tell me I should go to rehab. But to give up touring and be stuck in some boring place for 90 days would drive me mad. Im not the kind of guy who would take advice from some strange person who thinks they know everything about me. 
So you dont even care that you could one day take too many pills and never wake up? I asked, placing my hands on my hips. But why wouldnt you tell me, Cale? Im your girlfriend, for fucks sake, and that little bit about your life does matter to me.
Do you realize I feel like a complete asshole right now? He brushed the hair out of his face and scowled. After meeting you for the first time and having you with us, it was the first actual time that I wanted to change for the better. You made me want to try to stop my addiction once and for all, he said. But its easier said than done. I get mood swings, temper tantrums, and those cause me to take more just to calm myself down for a few hours. Theyve become engraved into my life, Bryn. Thats why Ive tried just about anything to quit. Cales tone softened, but it didnt matter if he tried to play Mr. Sweetheart right now or not. 
I wasnt sure that I wanted to date someone that kept such a huge secret from me. He was telling me the truth; I could believe his story alright, but how many more secrets were there? How many other silent demons was he trying to hide from me? 
My mind couldnt handle all of that. 
I immediately felt nervous for what I was about to tell him, but in my gut I knew it had to be done. For him and for me, along with everyone else in some way. Thank you, I said. I mean for explaining yourself. I couldnt even image your mom being put through that kind of pain. Shes more of a mother to me than my own. I wish I wouldve known you then because I wouldve tried to help you in any way I could. I love you more then you realize. Youve helped me open up and showed me how to live life outside of my parents walls. You taught me how to lovereally lovea Here came the deep breath. You can do this Bryn, I told myself, this needs to happen. 
But I dont think I can do this. I gestured between us. I mean usboyfriend and girlfriendanymore. I cant date someone who kept something damn near life threatening from me and be happy go lucky after hearing it. Im pissed. Im hurt. Truth be told, you scare me sometimes. I dont think I can handle being your girlfriend and touring with you at the same time. I guessed that was the long version of saying I wanted to break up. 
The tears were starting to come back even harder than when I was outside. I felt like a bitch for saying everything I just after he explained most of his story; I still wanted to be there for him and be part of his support system while we finished out the tour, but I couldnt be his girlfriend. Not now. 
Cale stood there completely silent. I tried to read his face, which was covered in dry blood, but his expression was unreadable. My first instinct was to grab a towel and help clean him up, but after what I just said to him I was pretty sure he would kick me out of the band. 
If thats what you think is best, he quietly replied before going into the bathroom. 
Everyone gradually came back in as Hal was getting ready to drive us to a hotel for the night. I tried to avoid their stares, but the questions were going to be inevitable. Gina and Bethany kissed their guys on the lips and without a word took me into the back bedroom. 
Weve still got ice cream in the freezer, hun. Were getting you under the covers and Ginas going to put in a non-romantic movie. Bethany spoke softly as her arms guided me into the bed. I stripped off my clothes, minus my underwear and bra. Gina grabbed the laptop, a night shirt for me, and of course the ice cream. They didnt even have to ask anything about what happened. Im sure they overheard anyway. 
We curled up under the blankets as the three of us watched American Pie and dug into the pint of cookie dough ice cream, which tasted like pure heaven to me. Especially after I made a decision that would affect not just me, but everyone else in the band for a long time to come. My tears were subsiding to laughter as we cracked up at some of the funniest parts in the movie. No one spoke a word until I set the empty pint on the nightstand and turned off the laptop. 
I still cant believe he lied to you, Bethany said with a frown as we grabbed an overnight bag after Hal told us we were at the hotel. I slipped on a pair of shorts underneath my night shirt, not even bothering to change into something half way decent. 
I cant believe it either, I nearly whispered, my hand clutching the bag handles tightly. Its justI dont get it. Its been going on for this long. Like wouldnt you get help? 
I would try at least, Gina replied. But maybe they guys have tried to help him and Cale pushes them away. We dont know the full story. I know Raptor hasnt mentioned anything about Cale abusing pills.
Yeah, Luke hasnt either, Bethany told me. Raptor told us what happened backstage before they started to fight out in the lot. As soon as Vince and Luke heard the commotion they shared one of those strange looks, like they were both thinking the exact same thing at the same moment.
Still, it was a dick move for him to lie to you. If he really loved you like he said he did, then he shouldve told you from the very start, Gina defended me as we got off the bus and walked towards the hotel entrance. Gina texted Raptor to make sure Cale was nowhere near them when we got off the bus, which was proven to be difficult since they were chewing his ass out for screwing things up with me, and apparently he wanted to come find me to win me back. Only after a few hours? No way. 
We rode in the elevator to the floor where our room was. My mind kept replaying what I said to Cale, the look on his face when I said I couldnt do our relationship anymore. It was painful to think about because it had just happened, but I had to be strong. We were still bandmates, and I wanted to be his friend. I wanted to be the girl that helped him quit this addiction once and for all. I wanted to still be his shoulder that he could lean on and would help him take the steps to get him help. Whether it be rehab, intervention, I didnt have a clue. 
Now that I knew, it was going to take all of his brothers and myself to figure a way to fix Cale before it was too late. 
Chapter 13: Take Backs
Cale
You only get one shot
To make it all right again 
Life doesnt give you any take backs
So give it everything you got
The cat was out of the bag. 
Bryn knew I was addicted to pain pills. 
And the worst of it all? Bryn broke up with my ass shortly after Tyler spilled the damn beans. I couldnt say I blamed her. I was no good for her. She was all too many sorts of perfect and I was a million shades of fucked up insanity. But Tyler on the other hand, I wanted to hurt him for blurting out my secret to her when I was planning on telling her that night anyway. 
If I wanted to keep her in the band and as a close friend, I really had to try this time. I mean really try to quit abusing pain killers. It couldnt be quit cold turkey for a week and then go straight back to downing the pills. I wasnt going to do that to myself anymore. If Bryn wasnt my girlfriend, then I at least wanted her as my friend and bandmate. Something was better than nothing.
Over the next two weeks, I slowly weaned myself down. And I stuck with it. That was the toughest challenge. What also killed me was seeing Bryn so damn sad whenever we were in the same room. My headaches worsened because of the weaning, but I had to force myself to suffer through the pain. It was going to be worth it and ever so slowly I would be free of this addiction. It still hurt like a bitch though. 
We were headed towards Illinois where we were playing in Chicago for a night and I was secretly dreading it. Playing here last year with Bryn brought back too many bad memories. Especially the one where while I was partying with the boys she was out on a date with Damon Charming. He was alright, dont get me wrong, but he was the guy that would fuck a woman one time and leave her. I didnt think in the time that Id known him and the members of Ignite the Flames, hed ever settled down with someone. That wasnt the kind of guy I wanted to see Bryn with; she was so sweet and innocent, but growing out of her shell pretty quickly. 
Okay boys, Luke announced. And the beautiful ladies sitting on my other side. He pointed to Gina, Bethany and Bryn, who were huddled up close on the couch. Ive decided that tonightbeing that were playing in the windy citywe need to get out and party our asses off afterwards.
Sounds great, buddy. Vince highfived Luke. Been way too long. I need a damn woman to keep me some company for a change. No offense to you three or anything. 
I watched Bryn giggle and roll her eyes. Her green eyes were a bright shade of green, and they looked full of life. She seemed happy. And thats all I cared about. We had played on stage just as well as when we were together. Our harmonies were still spot on and the crowd never would have known the shit wed been dealing with the past few weeks.  But as soon as we got off stage she would shut me out and only pay attention to her friends and the guys. 
Give her time, I told myself, then I could try and talk to her again. I couldnt imagine my life without this girl in it anymore. Shed left that much of a mark on me in such a short time. 
None taken. Bryn smirked. She briefly looked my way and her smirk faded. 
Well have to go back up to the Sears tower again, Raptor suggested. And maybe this time you wont be such a damn chicken, Pelton.
I held my hands up in defense. I wasnt a chicken. What are you talking about? I justdidnt want to look down.
Because he was afraid the floor would collapse, Bryn interjected, not looking in my direction or even regarding my presence. 
Shit, I remember that. He was clinging onto you for dear life, B, Luke added, and everyone besides me started cracking up. Now that I looked back on that day, it was something I could laugh about, but I was usually afraid of heights. I only went up to the top because of Bryn and how excited she was about it. 
Alright, alright, is this lets pick on Cale day or something? I teased. 
Only if you dont fight back, Bryn replied, turning away from me and whispering something to Gina and Bethany. 
Oh em gee that sounds awesome, lets do it! Gina shouted. Okay boys, first us girls are going to get lunch and have some girly time and then well come party our asses off with you after the show.
Well what about us? Raptor asked. 
What about you? Gina retorted. I said girly time, and last time I checked you are most definitely not a girl.
Okay, we didnt need to hear that detail! Vince said to Gina and she shook her head laughing. 
The bus came to a halt as we parked in a parking lot in the east side of Chicago. I wanted to head to the navy pier before the show and clear my head a little bit. Today I had only taken one pill, which was a far cry from my daily dosage of ten times that amount. 
We stood outside after getting off the bus, the guys going their own way and the girls going off to lunch. 
Hey, Ill catch up with you in a sec, I said to them as I watched Bryn slowly trail behind Gina and Bethany, who were giggling about something. I lightly touched her arm and she turned around, a surprised look across her face. 
Can I talk to you for a second? I asked. She looked back to Gina and Bethany and then behind me where the guys were standing on the corner messing around with each other. 
Yeah thats fine, she whispered as she stuffed her hands into her coat pockets and we made way for oncoming pedestrians. Once we were out of the way, she said, What is it?
I wanted so badly to run my hands through her long black hair. Having her this close to me, I wanted to link our hands and fingers together and hold her until someone had to pull me away. 
Are we good? 
Of course we are, Cale. Im still here, arent I? she replied, no sign of a smile. Why would you ask me that?
I just cant lose you as my friend. Thats all, I admitted. Youre one of my best friends and for some reason you saw something in me when we were dating.
Bryn took a deep breath and sighed. I still see something in you, Cale. I love you. I never stopped! I want you to get completely clean and focus on yourself instead of me, and breaking up was the way to do it. Im starting to accept it and you should too. I meant it when I told you I would do whatever it takes to help you, and Ill always keep my word. 
Hands still in her pockets, I pulled her into a hug. I wrapped my arms tightly around her as we stood there for a long time. I gently kissed her hair and murmured, Thank you. I just needed to hear that. Thats all. I still love you too, more than I think youll ever know.
Just be patient, okay? Bryn asked. It was such a simple request, but it was killing me to try. I didnt want to be patient. I wanted her to be mine again, but if that took putting in the effort to get clean, so be it. Id do it all. 
I simply nodded, placing another kiss on her forehead and separating myself from her. You know Im not a patient kind of person, B. But Ill try.
Thank you, she replied, smiling back at me. I better catch up to them or else theyll make me pay for their lunches. 
Oh Im sure they will. I chuckled, walking the opposite way. See you at the show.
See ya! She waved, before the three girls linked arms and walked down the sidewalk. 
Aww do I see a reconciliation on our hands? Tyler teased me as I joined the guys at the sidewalk corner. I shot him a dirty look and gave him the finger. Our faces were looking a lot better after we had out fist fight two weeks ago; wed been back to our usual feuding best friend selves for the past couple of days. 
Hell no. Why, are you going to try to swoon her? I joked, punching his shoulder. From the way he tensed up, Im sure he wanted to say that he was. 
Nah. I still consider her your girl, Pelton. I learned my lesson the last time, and plus I dont think my face can take any more damage. Tyler chuckled, pointing to the fading bruises on his face. 
The five of us headed down to a pizza place on Indianapolis Ave., and my stomach was growling something fierce. My laugh of the afternoon was when Vince tried to hit on the waitress that handed us our food. Her breasts were practically spilling out of her tiny white top and she wore black short shorts that barely covered her ass. We all got an eyeful, but it was Vince of all people who was eyeing her up and down. I swore I even saw a bit of drool. 
Is that all I can get for you, gentlemen? she asked sweetly as she took our empty plates and held them in her hands. 
Do you have a pen by chance? Vince asked as he stood from his seat. 
Yes, of course, she replied, pulling out a pen from her pocket and handing it to Vince. Was that all? 
Vince bent down and scribbled something onto a napkin. Here, he responded. Heres the directions to our concert tonight. Bring some of your friends along because well be living it up in the city afterwards. And theres my number, he added, slipping the napkin into her hand and kissing her softly on the cheek. 
Now I know where youre from! she said louder, but careful not to disturb the rest of the customers that were eating. She flipped her red haired ponytail and batted her eyelashes. You play in Everlasting, right? 
We all nodded and Vince winked. 
The one and only. He chuckled, studying the waitresss name tag. And you must be Annabelle. 
Read my name tag, huh? She smirked, cocking her head to the side. She didnt seem fazed by the fact that we just ate pizza in her restaurant. But being Chicago, she probably had seen other more famous people on a daily basis and was hit on twice that amount. I might come check you out. I get off at 7 and my apartments not too far from here. Have a good day, guys. And she spun around and tended to her next customer that was sitting a few tables over from us. 
As were leaving, Vince had a satisfied look on his face. Damn, I think Im in love.
I cackled and put an arm around his shoulders. Vince Armstrong in love? I think thats a first! 
He nudged me so hard I felt a sharp pain shoot into my side. He gave me a look that said dont mess with me fucker. Coming from Vince, that didnt mean a whole lot. It can happen! I mean look at you. I cant go after Bryn like I told you I would because youd beat the shit out of me like you did Tyler. 
Vince knows me all too well. 
***
Bryn 
Bitch. 
Excuse me? I turned around to find Kallie standing in the corridor outside of the Everlasting dressing room. Her fiery red hair was in tight curls and she had a scowl on her face that you could see for miles. I had seen her around Cale one too many times since word got out we were broken up, and just the thought of her being within feet of him made me sick. Regardless of if we were still together or not, she used guys left and right. In my opinion he was too much of a great guy to be treated that way. Whatd you just call me? 
You really have him wrapped around your little finger, even after you break up with him. Kallie snickered. What a shame. But you werent good enough for him anyway.
My fists were starting to tighten. I was ready to fight her on the spot. I didnt care anymore. This girl tried to make my life a living hell and for a long time I stood back and just took it, thinking just maybe shed change. I was far from wrong. And the split from Cale made it worse. 
Nothing to say, Queen B? Thats what people call you out there, right? Thats pretty funny because its far from the truth, Kallie spat. Ive watched you this whole tour follow Cale around, follow Tyler, and follow your slutty girlfriends, all like a lost puppy. Its disgusting to watch, really. For someone that can play better than the guys in my band, you dont even know who you are.
And who are you to judge me? You sleep with any man with a dick. So what does that make you? I saw a look of death in her eyes, and I knew she was going to fight me after that. 
Bring it on, bitch. 
Her tiny fists curled up in a similar manner to mine as she stepped closer. 
Thats some comeback, Schaefler. You cant even call me a slut to my face. Youre a lot weaker than I thought, Kallie growled. This was the last straw. I was ready to strike her. I looked around as she egged me on. Oh nope. Cale is nowhere to be found. Last I saw him he was back outside with a bottle of pills in his hand. 
Was she serious right now? 
I dont believe you, I spat, pushing her away from me. Hes weaning himself off of his pain killers. He was almost out of them. At least thats what he told me. I had complete faith in him 
Look, I dont care about his petty little problems that he has. Im just warning you, once again, that now that you two are in splitsville, hell be in my bed soon enough, Kallie said with a sinister tone. She unclenched her fists as she pushed me back so hard I hit the wall full force. Not even fighting back? This is just too funny.
WHACK!
I punched Kallie square in the nose with so much power I thought I heard it crack. She stumbled back, bringing her hand to her nose as she screamed, You low life piece of shit! Then she lunged for me, grabbing hold of my shirt so we landed on the ground together. I tried to get up because I really didnt want anyone to see what was going down, but before I could fully stand up her fingers tugged on my hair, sending me back down harder this time. I landed on my knee, which was killing me. I wanted to scream from the pain, but if this girl wanted to fight me, Id be damned if I backed down now. 
She still had a hold of my hair while I was laying punch after punch on her face and neck. Every time she tugged, and I felt like my hair was all about to fall out. 
Im the lowlife now, huh? I said to her as I left a huge scratch on her arm in attempt to get out of her grasp. Then lets take it back outside. 
For one split second she had let go of me and I used that moment to get up as fast as I could, despite the pain in my knee. I also got a good look at Kallies face, which looked pretty tragic thanks to my fist. Kallie followed suit, her hands in fists again as she tried to throw a punch and it connected with my mouth. I could feel the blood on my tongue as she hit me again almost in the same spot. 
As I was clenching onto her shirt and giving her one last push, I heard someone yell, Get the fuck away from each other! At the top of their lungs. 
Cale and Tyler were there in seconds, pulling Kallie and I away from one another. Cale pinned me against the wall as Tyler struggled with a screaming Kallie who was calling me every name in the book. 
He studied me for what felt like the longest time and then chuckled. I didnt think me getting into a fight with this girl was funny by any means. Dressing room, now, he ordered, pulling me along with him as Tyler made sure Kallie went back to the Angels from Hell dressing room.
Once we were inside, he slammed the door shut behind him. 
What was that shit about, Bryn? Were you trying to get yourself put into the hospital? Cale interrogated me as he walked back and forth, his hands shaking as he ran them furiously through his hair. I wanted to say he was one to talk about me getting into a fight since two weeks ago he and Tyler were brawling in the parking lot. I didnt see what the big difference was.
She deserved what she got, I muttered, looking at the closest mirror so I could study my mouth. My lip was partially swollen and the bleeding was subsiding, but I still looked horrible. I had blood on my clothes and my hair looked like I had just gotten out of bed. 
Doesnt matter, Bryn. You shouldnt have let her get to you. Youre better than that. He was trying his best to help me, but I wasnt in the mood for his lecturing. 
Wheres the pills you had outside? I blurted in the middle of his sentence. She said she saw you with a brand spankin new bottle. I was quick to jump to your defense, so please tell me its not true.
It was an empty one I was going to be throwing away, Bryn, Cale replied abruptly. Still doesnt explain why you both bloodied each other up.
I was still fuming over the Kallie fight, but Cale was just downright pissing me off. I felt like he was taking her side and maybe what she had said about him ending up in her bed was true. 
I hoped to Hell not. 
Okay, so now youre taking that girls side? Are you effin kidding me? I shrieked. You didnt hear her practically degrading me, telling me that Im no good for you, you deserved better. Oh yeah, and she made it very clear you were going to sleep with her. So now ask me why we fought. I was beyond livid now. What else could go wrong tonight? 
Im not taking her side, Bryn. Dammit, Im just trying to figure out why you did it. Because last I checked, you were definitely not a fighter, Cale said. Didnt matter if he meant to say that to hurt me or not; I was offended.  He was basically saying I didnt fight for us, in his own secretive way. When he saw the look on my face he quickly tried to take back what he said. I meanI didnt mean it like that. I meant I never would have pictured you to be in a fist fight, thats all. Im just glad youre okay.
I think youre just trying to sway the topic away from yourself because you dont want to admit that you took more pills, I retorted. I really, really wanted to believe him when he said he was weaning himself off of them, but after keeping that secret from me for as long as he did, who knew if he was really telling the truth. 
Fuck this, he said loudly, walking towards the door then pointing a finger at me. You act like you have no secrets of your own, Bryn? Im pretty sure you do, but of course you have to be Miss Perfect all the time.
I cocked my eyebrow at him. Now he was just acting like an asshole. But he was right. I did have a secret to tell him, and I was sure all Hell would break loose once more on my account. Inching closer to him, I lifted up my hand and slapped him hard on the cheek. I shook my hand afterwards because it stung. 
You know what, Cale Pelton? I do have a secret, I said sweetly, reaching for the door and opening it so everyone in the corridor could hear us. And I dont give a crap if this whole place hears me now! I inhaled and yelled at the top of my lungs, eyes locked on Cales bloodshot eyes I KISSED TYLER DONAHUE. 
Cales mouth tensed up, as did the rest of his body. A couple of people passing by stopped to see what the big scene was about. Cale was paying no attention to them, his body still as we continued to stare each other down. 
What? Nothing to say? I instigated. I used a towel that was sitting on one of the chairs in the room to quickly wipe myself off the best I could, and then stood up on my tip toes so I was eye level with Cale. 
I was waiting for him to make the first move. To say something. This wasnt like him to not react at all. 
What is going on between you two? Luke asked, standing in the doorway. I didnt bother to glance his way. Brittle Souls just got off stage, we better get ready. Breaking the stare, I planted my feet onto the ground again and whipped past Cale. I needed to find a quick change of clothes and fast. Do you need help cleaning up, Bryn? 
I shook my head slowly and gave Luke a long hug. No, Ill be good, I said, nearly on the verge of tears. Just going to change really quickly since Kallie ruined my clothes.
Okay, B, Luke replied, giving me a friendly kiss on the cheek. All of us heard what you just said. Weve always got your back, Bryn. Just know that. 
A small smile formed on my lips. Thanks, Luke. And I ran towards the bus to quickly change, not before I heard glass shattering in our dressing room. 
***
After coming back inside where everyone was standing around on the side of the stage, there was an awkward silence. Gina and Bethany walked over to me and Gina said, You really kissed him?
Yes, I replied. I did. It was twice, but do I have feelings for Tyler? No. Hes just another adoptive brother to me, thats why I told Cale. 
They looked from each other back over to me. I dont think hes doing so hot, Bethany whispered. Luke said he threw a bottle of Jack across the room after you left and he looked like he was about to break down right then and there. 
Hes putting on an act right now. Gina pointed towards him, where he was goofing off with Raptor, Vince and Luke. Tyler was out warming up on the drums from what I could hear. Completely obvious. Lets just hope he doesnt pull anything stupid on stage tonight. I hoped so too. With everything thatd been going on lately, I had to watch his back and crossed my fingers we made it through the set in one piece. 
I strapped on my guitar just as Tyler came back and switched out drumsticks. You told him, huh?
I shrugged as I played a couple of chords to warm up my fingers. I had no choice, Tyler. He wanted to keep a secret from me, and I wasnt going to do that to him regardless of whether were together or not. 
No, I understand. I was expecting another blast to the face because thats what he does best when hes pissed off, but I dont know this time. Tyler sighed. But lets just play a good set and enjoy tonight. How is your face feeling?
Kind of hurts like a bitch. My hand doesnt sting anymore though. I chuckled, and Cale immediately turned into our direction. He narrowed his eyes towards me and moved to Tyler. 
So are you making a move on her now that everything is out in the open? Cale placed his hands around his mouth and shouted. I mean you kissed her, might as well see what else you can get. 
Mother fucker, Tyler muttered under his breath. He gave me an apologetic smile and dashed towards Cale. Listen, you dumbass. You wonder why you lost her in the first place. Because you cant keep that mouth shut. If you really wanted to keep Bryn so badly because you supposedly love her, you wouldve fought for her. Shes been by your side this whole time, and shes trying to help you. Thats how you repay her? Youre disgusting, dude. Giving Cale a hard push, I could see Cale wanted to fight back. Badly. But getting into yet another fight just before show time would just create more tension that we really didnt need.
Cale gave Tyler a hard push back in return. Lets just get on stage. Well talk about this later, he said to everyone. 
The lights dimmed, awaiting our arrival on stage. Tyler went out first to start the drum beat and Vince and I followed, then Luke and Cale. I put on a smile for the crowd and played as if I didnt just get into a fight with Kallie Cooper, or my ex-boyfriend minutes before being up here. The fans didnt come here to see all of that, they came to see us play our songs and Id be damned if I didnt do that. 
Thanks for coming out tonight, you guys know how to rock! Cale growled, pumping his fist into the air. This next song were about to play is one we started playing on our last tour, and is dedicated to those guys that want to beat the living shit out of someone, whether it be their best friend, or anyone for that matter. This is Youre Going Down by The Sick Puppies. As soon as Cale said those words, Vince, who was standing about a foot away from me, and I shared an Oh shit look. I didnt bother to look back and see Tylers reaction as Luke launched into the bass line. 
I sang my harmonies like always, keeping my eyes glued to the crowd. Cales voice started to crack towards the end and I stopped to stare at him. He ran to the side of the stage to grab a drink of water and he was back at it again. 
Luckily we made it through the set in one piece like I had secretly wished earlier. After the beating up best friends comment I was on edge, a sick feeling in my stomach that something was going to go down after the show, more than likely at the club we were going to afterwards. I put my guitar away and high fived everyone, narrowly missing a rough looking Kallie. As soon as I passed her without a word, I cracked up. 
Everyone was walking in front of me, so they stopped to see why I was laughing. 
What? I asked with a satisfied grin on my face. She looks worse than me! 
Chapter 14: Gotta Be You 
Cale 
Its gotta be you
The one whos always by my side
No matter how many sides of me youve seen 
Youve loved me through them all
Cale, youre seriously going to get hurt or end up killing yourself with those things, Lucy, my girlfriend, scolded me as she pointed to the open bottle of pills that lay on my nightstand. You dont need them.
Yes I do. Now dont bring it up anymore, I replied sharply, planting a kiss on her lips. I gripped her hips to move her on top of me so now she was straddling my legs. 
You dont fool me, mister. Lucy giggled, playfully slapping my chest and flipping her hair back behind her shoulders. This girl was so beautiful, even though she didnt see it. She had told me from the start when we just became friends that she had issues with her weight and appearance because of something that happened back in middle school or early high school. She never went into much detail after that. Seducing me so I can be quiet wont work tonight. Climbing off of my lap, she lay down beside me, wrapping her arms around me from behind as she snuggled up close. 
Hey, a guy can try, right? I teased, placing my hands on top of hers where they rested just below my waist. 
I suppose. She breathed against the back of my neck. I need to throw those things away. Thatll solve the problem. I wanted to say the Hell it wouldnt. I had been heavily taking pills since the blow out with my dad a few years back and it helped numb my pain whenever I got anxiety. They had become a part of me and at that point, I didnt care if anyone called me an addict. I knew what I was. 
And you are just setting yourself up for failure, my love. Now lets go to sleep, I said to her, reaching for the lamp in front of me. Turning it off, I squeezed Lucys hands again. Promise youll never leave me, right?
Of course not, she said sleepily. Ill always be there for you, Cale. I love you too much to walk away. 
It was like dj vu all over again. Just as I thought things were going great with Lucy, I had no idea she was also seeing Tyler periodically behind my back. If I knew then what I knew now I wouldve dumped her before she cheated on me, but I guess thats how life works. I was lying in my bunk, replaying that memory in my head over and over. Ill always be there for you, Cale. I love you too much to walk away. That was a lie. 
I tried to say the same thing about Bryn, now knowing her big secret. She had kissed my best fucking friend, the same one that screwed Lucy who knew how many times over the years. My initial reaction was just plain What the fuck? Why am I still friends with this guy? Any other guy would forget Tyler ever existed, but despite all of the drama and fights we have been through recently and over the years, he usually had my back. I couldnt think, move, or say anything. When I initially laid eyes on Bryn and Kallie beating the living daylights out of each other, I was infuriated. And I told Bryn that. That was so unlike her so I was shocked to see blood on her clothes and marks on her face. When I confronted her about fighting Kallie, she immediately thought I was taking Kallies side. 
That was far from the truth. Then when she spilled the secret about how she kissed Tyler, my mind shut down. I wanted to take it out on something so when she went to change out of her bloody clothes, I threw the last bottle of Jack Daniels against the wall, watching the glass shatter into a thousand pieces. 
After the show, I pulled Tyler aside and we took a long walk and actually talked about what happened instead of punching each other in the face, which I almost resorted to. He explained to me the first time they kissed was just after she had seen me and Kallie onstage lip locking, which I was still not proud of. It didnt make the situation any better or justify it, but she had done it to get back at me. I deserved it. 
Every little bit of it. I was starting to realize that. 
How are you feeling? Tyler asked me as we stopped at a rest stop to stretch out our legs. It had been a couple of days since me and Bryns big fight. That night after the show, all of the bands went to a club nearby the venue and I drank way too much, which led to me taking one too many pills. I had passed out at the club. It was Bryn that stopped me and tried to slap some sense into me. 
Like a complete fucking failure. I held my head in my hands, trying to find a way to get rid of the pounding in my head and the pain in my chest. I just can never shake this or catch a break. 
Stop being down on yourself, Pelton. Thats why you cant recover from your addiction. You question yourself and thats when you take more, Tyler replied honestly. Maybe once were wrapped up on the east coast, you should consider rehab. Before you say anything, just hear me out. Think of all of us. Think of your brothers, think of Bryn. You love her like you say you do? Show her. She needs to know you still care about her. She seems afraid to be around you because she doesnt know when youre going to turn into an ass.
You sound like my mother sometimes, I said, patting him on the back. Why dont you quit and be a shrink or something? 
Tyler threw his head back and laughed. Yeah, right. I just know you all too well, Cale. Weve been through a lot of things since the pre-school days.
I nodded in agreement. Thats too true. 
As Tyler went to use the restroom, I sat on a huge rock by the restroom collecting my thoughts. He was right. I absolutely loved Bryn. With my whole heart and soul. More than shed ever know. I wanted to win back her trust and make her my girlfriend again, but I was hurting her and everyone else in the band. Maybe it took going through everything Id went through to finally see that. With less than a week until we ended the tour in Boston, I had to make that tough decision: would I go to rehab or watch myself deteriorate before everyones eyes?
You seem pretty lost in thought, Bryn commented, sitting down beside me. There was plenty of distance between us and I wanted to close that gap, to put my arm around her. Is it okay if I sit here or are you going to fight with me?
She had a right to be that way. Id treated her like shit more than Id been nice and I hated myself for being like a dick towards her. Bryn had been through a lot since losing her brother and her parents sort of trying to get in touch with her now and then. She didnt need the burden of me and my problems on her shoulders. 
Im just thinking, thats all, I replied coldly. And no, I dont plan on fighting with you anytime soon, Bryn.
Bryns lips curled into a smirk. Good, she said, patting my knee. Because Ive seen and done enough fighting this tour with just about everyone and I dont want to do it anymore. Even with Kallie. After the catfight between Bryn and Kallie, Kallie finally got off my ass and moved onto one of the guys in The Brittle Souls. Have at it. But can you believe were almost done?
Youve made it through like a champ, B, I said. We had some fun times, didnt we? I thought of the many late night parties we had, spending our alone time together, and lastly the night we went to the club after the big blowout. Even if Gina and Bethany kept Bryn as far away from me as possible, I still watched her bumping and grinding with her friends, and it turned me on horribly. I wound up kissing a girl that got way too close to me while I ordered a round of drinks, but all I could see was Bryn. It didnt feel right to me. 
We sure did, she replied. I could see a hint of sadness in her face, but she was trying to hide it. I dont know what Ill do with our time off. Since Straight from the Heart hit the internet and radio, it was our highest rated song to date. We did radio interviews at various stations in between tour dates to promote the song, and we were planning on doing an acoustic set for a few fans before the last show in Boston. But I didnt want to tell Bryn I might have already thought about my plans for the break. 
I wanted to be one hundred percent sure that was what I wanted to do. 
At least youve got Gina and Bethany to spend time with, I told her. 
Yeah, but theyre going to start looking for jobs when they get home. They even talked about starting up a music magazine, but you know how they are. They like to dream big and take more risks than I do. She smiled, standing up and walking away. See you back on the bus. 
We were back in our home state tonight in Grand Rapids. While I was up sitting at the table strumming Vinces acoustic guitar, I saw I had a few text messages. 
Damon: Hey man heard you guys were playing at Intersection tonight right? 
I texted Damonlead singer of Ignite the Flames, and friend of mineback right away. 
Me: Hell yes, you going to be in the area?
Damon: Yes sir, all of us will be. Just got done helping Lucy move out of her place. 
Lucymy ex-girlfriend and bassist in Ignite the Flameslived in Muskegon, on the west side of the state, where she grew up her whole life. Even while she made a shit-ton of money, she still chose to live in the very first apartment she ever rented. I was surprised to hear she was finally moving out of that place. Itd be good to see all of them tonight. 
Me: Bet shes excited. Ill save you guys backstage passes. 
Damon: Sweet dude, thanks! Lucy cant wait to see Bryn btw.
Me: Haha well Bryn will be excited too. You should do a song with us. 
Damon: NOW were talking! Ill see you guys there and well talk. 
This was going to be one Hell of a homecoming. 
***
Bryn
Bryn Schaefler! Its been way too long! I heard Lucy shout as we finished up sound check at the Intersection. Cale told me that she and the rest of Ignite the Flames were coming out to the show tonight, which made me all too excited. I couldnt wait to formally introduce her to Gina and Bethany, who were already geeking about meeting yet another rock star. 
Lucy Tomlinson. You look amazing! We squealed as we hugged each other tight. Her black hair was crimped and had bright blond streaks in it, and she wore a pair of floral print shorts and a solid baby pink colored tank top. She looked a lot skinnier than the last time I saw her in November, the day of the shooting. 
Thanks! So do you, girly. Lucy gestured to my tight black dress and knee high boots. Howve you been?
Where did I even start? 
Ive been better, I guess.
Uh oh Lucy frowned. Lets go somewhere and you can tell me. Plus I want to meet your friends too. 
I nodded and we linked arms as we went out into the lobby of the venue, where there was no sign of life. No at least for a couple of hours. 
So Cale and I arent together anymore I started to say and Lucys mouth dropped open. 
Are you serious? she asked. What happened? You two were the perfect little couple. 
Did you know about his addiction to painkillers? 
Lucy stayed silent for a second. Then she nodded. Yeah. Can I tell you a secret?
Of course you can.  
Thats why I cheated on him with Tyler. I was trying so hard to get him to quit taking those. That was my last straw and I thought it might have made him wake up, Lucy explained. But Ill spare you the gory details. I take it thats what happened with you too?
Well, Tyler kind of blurted it out after they got into a fist fight awhile back, I said. But yeah, I told him I couldnt do this anymore, especially when thats a huge secret to keep from someone you supposedly love. 
Lucy sat there next to me and listened to every word as I told her everything. The time Kallie and I fist fought and when I confessed to kissing Tyler. 
Wow, girl. It sounds like were one in the same. She meant it sarcastically; we both started laughing. But you still love him, right?
Of course I do, I admitted. I always will. I could honestly picture spending my life with him, as crazy as that sounds coming from the mouth of an eighteen-year-old.
Lucy draped her arm around my shoulders. Youll get that chance, Bryn. I could see it when you guys were doing sound check and practicing You Were Young. When hes crazy about someone he gets that look in his eye, and his eyes were only on you. It was plain and obvious to all of us.
Im scared though, I said in a near whisper. What if something happens to him? He could slip an OD, or even worse
Bryn, that wont happen, Lucy assured me. If he loves you and loves his band, hell do whats right. You just have to have faith in him and trust hell make the right decision. She squeezed my shoulder and we went backstage where I finally introduced her to Gina and Bethany. 
Girls, this is Lucy from Ignite the Flames. Lucy, these are my best friends from back home, Gina and Bethany. I pointed from one girl to the other as they all exchanged hugs.
I cant believe Im meeting you right now! Bethany jumped up and down. Im totally in love with you.
Lucy laughed and flashed a smile. Well thank you. Bryns told me all about you guys.
Gina and Bethany shared a look and it seemed like they were about to faint. 
Dont worry, I told Lucy. They did this when they met the guys last tour.  
Just then, someone came from behind me and wrapped their arms around my waist. I shrieked and shouted, Oh my god, whos that? The girls started giggling and I craned my head to see Damon Charming behind me. 
He looked completely different. His blond hair was shaved off and was wearing a Detroit Tigers hoodie and baggy jeans but somehow they fit him just right. He didnt look like the Damon I remembered seeing last summer, but he still looked good. 
Hey, little girl, he murmured. Surprised to see me? He let go of me and my hands wrapped around his back to embrace him. 
Course not. Cale told me you were helping Lucy move so you guys were going to come by the show, I said, hardly containing my smile. Its good to see you.
You too, he replied, his eyes now on my friends. I take it these are your best friends you used to talk about?
I nodded. Yup. Thats Gina and Bethany. They moved back from California so I told them they should come on tour with us. 
I need to move near you, Bryn. Are there other girls around there that look as nice as them? Damon joked, and Lucy slapped the back of his head. 
Youre such a man-whore, Damon. Stop it, Lucy teased. Go bug Cale or someone else. 
He put his hands up and backed away. Okay, alright I will. You gotta watch this girl, she has the bark and she will bite. He winked and waved at us as he headed towards the guys, who were across the room. 
***
The Brittle Souls were onstage and I was on the side checking out their set with Lucy and Pauly, her bandmate, when Cale tapped on my shoulder. He took my breath away. He was dressed in a long sleeved white t-shirt that clung to his abs and his arms in just the right spots. His designer jeans reminded me of the first time we had lunch at Lozanos together and I had thought he was darn good looking even then. 
Deep breath, Bryn, its just Cale, I had to remind myself as he rocked back and forth on his feet, appearing nervous. 
Can I talk to you for a sec? he asked quietly, pointing towards the door to outside. 
Yeah, of course, I replied. I followed Cale as we maneuvered our way outside and as far away from ear shot as we could go. I was starting to feel a little scared since we were a little ways away from the building and I didnt want anything to happen to us. 
Is everything okay? I asked as he started to look down at his feet. 
Lifting his head up, he locked his eyes onto mine. I just have something I really need to tell you. Ive been thinking about this all day long today
Okay? Now I was really worried. 
He took my hands out of my pockets and intertwined our fingers. 
Letting out a sigh, he said, You have no idea how Ive missed this between us, Bryn. I know I kept my secret from you and you said you couldnt do us anymore, which I understand, but you will always be my girl. No matter what.
I didnt know what to say. This was Cale in his vulnerable state, and I wasnt sure what bomb he was going to throw my way. 
Do you feel this? Cales voice cracked as he positioned my hand on his scar inches from his heart. 
This should hurt me, he said. But you know what? It doesnt anymore. I would do anything for you, Bryn Schaefler. He paused, tears starting to fill up his eyes. Anything. I took a bullet to save you. I got stabbed and beaten to a bloody pulp. But I would do it again because you are everything to me. And Im the luckiest guy in the world because I can say youre still mine. 
He held my gaze, not blinking for one second. Now feel this. He moved my fingers so they now lay across his beating heart, which pounded under my hand. This right here, beats only for you. Just for you. This is why it is killing me to let you and the guys go for a while. But I have to get help. I cant hurt you or my brothers any longer. 
Our fingers separated and I latched onto him as if my life depended on it. I dug into his shoulders as we stood there and cried. I cried because the love of my life finally decided to get the help he needed to get his life on track. His grip on me tightened as he whispered how much he was going to miss me when he left, how much he loved me. 
Its only 90 days, Cale whispered as he kissed my cheek. Im calling tomorrow to sign myself up and Ill leave after the tour is over. 
I love you, I murmured, leaning up to kiss him. Im so proud that you decided to do this.
I love you too, Bryn, Cale responded. Just promise me one thing?
Anything. 
Promise me that when I get back, well pick up where we left off before you broke up with me? His eyes were filled with hope as he wiped away the wetness under them. 
Yes, I would want nothing more.
Epilogue:
Bryn- June 
30 more days until Cale comes back! Yes Im writing everything down in a journal because I want to be able to remember all the things that have happened since he left for rehab. 
So heres a long rundown: First things first, my parents have been trying to get a hold of me non-stop ever since they heard their daughter was in a band whose album just went platinum. Apparently some of their money deals had gone wrong and they had to declare bankruptcy on their house, resulting in a second mortgage. This explained why my mother left those voicemails and was trying to get me to come home. 
I did go see them once. That was the first place I went after I dropped Cale off at the rehabilitation center. The childhood home that I once grew up in was in shambles. My mother was throwing bottles and anything else in sight against the wall. I took one look at her when I walked into the door and threw down a wad of cash.  I havent heard from her or my father since. 
I also paid Louisa for the months that I was gone on tour, for her keeping up with the place. I had enough money now so I got a nice 3 bedroom house not too far from Cales moms place.  I fell in love with it the white picket fencing, the privacy with trees surrounding majority of the property and could see myself living there with Cale for a very long time. But he doesnt know about the house yet. Ill surprise him when he comes home. 
Gina and Bethany are going ahead with starting a music magazine and found an office in Detroit to start a business. They told me Everlasting would be the first band on the cover and I promised Id frame it forever. 
Raptor and Luke moved down closer to a suburb of Detroit to be closer to Gina and Bethany. Both couples are going strong and I told them to keep a close eye on those two girls, because they can get into trouble. 
Tyler and Vince stayed in the apartment the five guys used to share, and were sure as Hell happy that they had more space for their things after all of the years they lived together. 
My time has mostly been spent with those two, going to movies, writing songs about whatever came to mind, and every once in a while a karaoke night at Crabby Petes. 
To Cale 
I cant wait until you get back from rehab. Im so proud of you for doing this not only for yourself but for your family and for me. Ill be waiting for you when you get out and Ill always be yours. You are strong and will make it through. From my heart to yours. 
Love always, Bryn 

THE END 
About the Author:
Breigh Forstner is the author of the Straight from the Heart series. She currently lives in a border town in Southeast Michigan. When she isnt writing, she is busy with her two young daughters and working at her full-time job. She also scours book blog sites and other author pages on Facebook for her next great read to add to her Kindle Fire. 
You can contact her at the following:
Email- bforstnerauthor@gmail.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/breighforstnerauthor
WordPress: breighforstnerauthor.wordpress.com
Upcoming Releases:
Dont Break My Heart- Straight from the Heart Series Book #3 (Lucy and Paulys story) 
Charming- A Straight from the Heart Series Spinoff (Damon Charmings story) 
A Night with Charming- (Prelude to Charming) 
