TITLE PAGE: DEAD BY DAWN: THE EVERSORS ARISING BY SAMUEL MOYO


This imaginary tale and the characters comprised therein are property and appurtenance to the sole owner and possessor, Samuel Moyo. They are not to be made use of and administered in conduct and behavior that disregards and slights the author of his authority and claim and privilege and reason. Feigned and invented the events and occurrences in the account are, any likely coincidence or correspondence to actual and existent narratives or persons is virtuously and sincerely accidental and unintended. All assortment and dispositionor even distribution or usageof the tale and its characters thereof must be approved and ratified by the author who alone has designed and invented them into being. He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises.


Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.





















AUTHOR PREFACE


If you happen to enjoy my free e-book, I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it. At the very end I have included the list of e-books I have at the moment accessible. You can get them all online on Smash-words for free. You can also drop by my new blog at:


http://www.wordsofentertainment887.wordpress.com/

If you have any emails to send to me, send them at:


Samuelmoyo887@gmail.com


DEDICATION: I dedicate this book to Clera Mooleblood aunt, my very first fanatical reader and recently double agent; a conspirator even. 












ABOUT THIS INSTALMENT

With your bones I shall set up my indestructible domain and realm; with your skulls I will array and grace my stately-heighted monarchial throne; your flesh I will devour and gobble avariciously with my townsmen; your kindred I shall extirpate and blow up to sky-high perimeters. I am Busiku. I am the Sovereign. I am the Divine. And I shall put on the crown for a world without an end. In his youthful spring of life, in the efflorescence and newly bloom and freshly blossom of his might and manliness, Anthony loses out his imperial stall to this savage of a tyrant. Heinous, malicious, and exceedingly vicious, this unearthly Hitler wont take a nap up till every crawling and living rival critter is trashed out from being in his domain as well as every other patch of site that he is now about to strike and forever seize in his sway. Baneful he is. Lord of everything dead and perished.  



INTRODUCTORY SCENES

Fast. Speedily; and at high-speed. The heart of Bryant Stuart starts beating, thudding-like, banging-like, with a monotonous and bumpy-like, quick-paced sound.

Bit by bit. Unhurriedly. At a snail's pace even. He stirs his fingers first, imperceptibly and tenderly, and at long last the toes of his feet are in motion, unsteadily but indisputably. Not that his feet are stripped bare. They are not. He is putting on boots, ones that are dim in color, tough and brawny-built in fabric and cumbersome in weight. He almost died even though he was not supposed to give up the ghost. The bomb was preordained to kill them. Not him. It had him pass out to nothingness for thirty straight precarious seconds and if he is not going to make his move now, the existing enemy will certainly kill him.  

Whisking quick; flapping cautious; thrashing obstinate. He reaches for his long and unblemished sword in an ephemeral while and nabs it to himself as promptly as he can. He must not hesitate; he must not be indecisive. The enemy is drawing near and he can sense his advancement. It has a deathlike feel to it; yeah, a hellish-like flavor to it even.

Whim. The diablo leaps up into the air, curling and bowing its feet as it does so to jab down on him with its pointed and cutting-edged switchblade. Clink. Clank. Jingle. Bryant has by now escaped away from itrolling and whirling himself rapidly and fearfully to evade the smack of its carving knife and yes, he is triumphant. He has now already come to an abrupt halt undamaged and unhurt away from it and he has in addition to that hauled himself up and bowed one knee against the floor with the other leg of his stretched and drawn out expertly. The sword is still hard and rigid in his grasp, frozen and unbendable just like himself. He has pinched eyes established on the rival before him.

Bryants eyes become demure and dim as he rushes toward it. Fast. Rapidly. At the fastest pace. It slings its switchblade to hit and smack him. Rampant. Unbridled. Frenetically. He flings himself high up to duck and elude the strike of its switchblade. By the time it batters into the wall, the diablo itself whirling so as to strike him well, he has arrived down, and on he knifes it into the stomach, hacking its flesh, tearing its bone, letting loose an intense rainstorm of incessant blood.    

Groaning in rage. Hissing in fury. Hooting in wrath. The diablo diesor so it seemsat a snail's pace and feebly. Its emotions blur and melt and dissolve into this vast ocean of effusive pain.  

Dribble. Trickle. Spittle. Blood drips down to the facet of the floor, bit by bit and with a very namby-pamby sound. 

Drip. Splash. Trickle. Blood drizzles down to the surface of the china-tiled shower, merged and melded and mingled with sprinkling driblets of water. The tap is in use and running. Scattering droplets of water down on the stationery and un-stirring body. She is deceased. Perished and lifeless even. Out of breath and short-winded whats more.

Hulking coffee dark eyes, slit and nicked bronze skin, a straightened out and a bit twisted and crippled throat, a yawning and partly-open mouth, off-the-latch eyelids, blood yielding and spewing hands, deformed and tortuous feet, a paper-thin-like but lofty body, the unheard-of and dead woman gawps direct at Kelli Koni, private investigator, who is yet to look over his puzzling and inexplicable death. Hers is a photograph in his office that was captured on film six years ago. He was hardly twenty then and a shaggy-haired boy who gulped up coffee all night till morning at Regent University of Lusaka.

The door bursts open with a cacophonous cackle and Kelli jumps back from astonishment and wonder. Erin Ming, a subordinate officer, makes her way in, twinkling and grinning at him as he comes back from his hasty bolt from the blue. Straightening out her hand, she hands him a dagger and makes known, This is from Constable Chama. He says you will need it on your journey.

Kelli heaves an eye. A bayonet. What for? I always carry my handgun with me.

Erin persists, Take it. You will without fail need it.

Kelli obliges, sighing deeply and without restraint. I trust so, he grumbles coolly and serenely. After which he toddles his way hence, knitting brows and making a skuzzy face to himself.

She scowls, moving in the large forest noiselessly and under her breath. Her feet stomp and stump and tramp and tread on dried-up, sun-baked leaves. The leaves are gold-like and yellowy in color, threshing and thrashing madly in the air every time that a breeze of wind blows and bursts and blasts pasts them, disarranging and rumpling them up. Still, their champing and munching and chomping cannot be overhead or eavesdropped on. Odd, is it not?

Bryant at last comes at last comes to a standstill, his hair rippling behind him all thanks to the blast of wind that surges in his track. Ahead of him is the house is the homestead. Substantial; man-size; gigantic. It is all timber and planks and lumber. Totally and perfectly made of wood in other words. Yes. This is where the antagonist lodges. No uncertainty and lack of conviction about it.

Like lightning. Apace. With all haste. Bryant tears after the house and carries on to boot the door ajar. He surveys inside while whipping out his firearm. It is not big and stretched. It is petite and puny-like. Speedily. On his guard. And in hushed tones. He switches from room to room, studying and inspecting about. He must track down that hellhound. He must lay a finger on him.

Launching his feet up, he boots and raps locked doors open. Guarded and on the look-out, he levels his gun at rats and mice such that should he open fire on them, he would blow them to bits and crumbs and slices without any bullets going astray. Fast and cracking, he lays open kitchen cabinets and cupboards and exterior wardrobes and closets and under-wraps rooms and checks them all from joint to angle. Still, he uncovers nothing. Neither does he stumble upon that time-worn whippersnapper. Where could he be hiding?

Snappy choked. Hopping mad. Looking as black as thunder. Bryant moans and cries out, kicking off in a hostile style anything that his feet find to oust the boot into. No. He couldnt have escaped. That wairua. That toe-rag.  Mephistopheles himself. Mephisto even.

He finds out something. It is a snapshot. Giant and massive. And there he is. A full-of-years man with ashen hair and ashy pale skin and lawn green eyes. He looks patriarchal and weak-kneed. Which is not true at all. He is stout and virile and youthful and paranormal in spirit. Overlord of the daiblo.

On this picture are the words: REST IN TIMELESS PEACE OUR BELOVED, CAESOR LOUIS. 

Damn. Bryant turns the air blue. Foul-mouthed in mind. Cussing in silence. 

Candles flare and shimmer. The room glints and sparkles with their light. Tears of wrath and resentment glow and glisten down his face. Caesor is still and quiet. Gazing and watching him with a deadpan and straight-faced expression. He glowers back at him, giving him that dirty look, gnashing his bare-stripped teeth.

The sun glows in the sky. Sublimely and illustriously. The air is a-boil and searing. It makes Bryants skin go up in imperceptible flames before Caesors grave. Is this really his grave? He cannot tell. He was brought into this world on 29 April, 1929 and he kicked the bucket on 13 March, 2022. Last week that was. How precise are all these details?

Whizz. Whir. Wheeze. Something bestirs behind Bryant and he wheels around in a moment. Nought, it seemed. Naught but the damn wind. Yeah, it be the wind and naught thing else. Uh-huh. 

Elisa revolves and walks away. The air is chilly. Terribly bitter and biting.  She moans; she exhales; she breathes out. She is all by herself on the dingy and just about pitch-black boulevard. It is poorly-lit and all hushed and soundless.  

Dim. Murky. Shadowy. It becomes more dingy and poorly lit where Elisa is going. Dim. Murky; and shady. She can feel the blackness strengthen and intensify. It is not supposed to frighten the hell out of her. But it is anyway and she cannot help it. When a tickle springs up in her throat, she clears it, promptly and loudly. She thinks she has heard someone coughing too behind her. Could that be true?

Like a bat out of hell, with all haste that is, she revolves around, breathing fast, scanning slow. No. She cannot see anyone. Could it all have been real?  









CHAPTER ONE: SQUABBLE BATS


Flogging fast. Whipping thriftless. Thrashing fleet. Anthony whizzed his way through the trees, rapidly and wildly and uncontrollably and precariously. Before his eyes he could smell his calamitous and ruinous enemy. Oh yes, he was drawing closer to him with each fleeting transient second. And once he would set upon him, he would strike without any little jot or bit of pity and leniency. Fierce and gruesome-like, Anthony sprang high up into a lofty-reaching tree, and once he had launched unscratched on its high-flown and yet immovable branches, he looked about him, sniffing constantly and repeatedly. The enemy was coming to meet him, no misgiving. 


Staunch as a leopard when it is about to attack, and wildly tenacious and unwavering, the man leapt down in the exact tree where he was, stately-like in height just like him, and stiff-necked and reasonably robust and energetic.   

Anthony glared at him, shivering and quaking violently. No, not from terror or dread of his equally unyielding and graceless enemy. He was so infuriated and derangedly furious that his breaths were rugged and discordant themselves.  


The man leapt through the branches after him without any delaying, crooking his feet and bowing them concurrently so that their heels pointed downwards. Not that the man had his feet stripped naked. The flooring of his bent feet were what was facing the ground farthest beneath. 


Anthony stirred instantaneously, whipping forward his hands to seize the man by his throat and proceeding on to cast him down where he flung himself as well, towed and hauled sharply by the man so as to fall down with him. As the two men soared their way down the air, the man beneath him groaned and howled out ear-splittingly, his shoulder-long hair rippling and flailing noisily in the air above him. Down into the marble-like but dried ground Anthony thrashed him to in due time set upon him in a style and fashion where he had one leg stretched and lengthened out eerily and the other one bowed and arched scrupulously fine. 


The man looked up at him, excessively pained but helpless and remediless. 


He lifted himself up all of a sudden, without any warning, and boldly he lashed his forehead against Anthonys, making him stumble away from him yieldingly and unsteadily. In a sitting position did Anthony project down, but when he stared up and gawped about, his opponent was nowhere to be seen. Where could he have gone to? 


Just as he was about to pick himself up -- standing that is -- Anthony had a sneaky skulking feeling, one that reckoned him to look up and see what was overheard him.


The enemy, without hesitancy. He had both hands tossed above him so as to grasp giant branches of the tree and his feet hung down limply and lightly. Which was no good discovery at all.

Gallantly and chivalrously, the man hurled himself down straight toward him, retentively and firmly. Anthony had himself lie down as fast as he could and he rolled himself away swiftly and rapidly. 


The man grounded down then, having fallen flat in his plans to crash and stomp his enemy with his well-built feet. He ground and gnawed his teeth furiously and disconcertedly.


Anthony rolled further away from him, ireful with himself and chafed to some bit extent. His distress and anguish was made apparent in the way that he stripped bare his teeth and grated them firmly and fixedly.


The man went after him, running to be precise, and he stopped whirling himself on the ground that instant and straightened up to confront him. The man halted too, ireful but frightened on the other hand just like he was. For a flash they both glared, neither of the two daring to make that first stir toward the other.


 Then the man stirred in the long run, dashing off toward Anthony who stood stanch and resolute as a statuette. And...bam...he steered a steeled fist into his face, which, to his stark surprise and shock, was grasped commendably and wellhead. 

The man lifted an eyebrow.


Anthony wound and twisted his hand, tweaking and breaking bone heartlessly as he did so. Not just one bone. But a number of them. It terribly hurt that the man writhed and twirled and moaned without an ending.


It was high time that Anthony did away with his enemy. Oh yes, it was. He walked close to the wriggling and squirming man, staring at him with incensed and vexed eyes. And then, on the brink of a swift second, without any warning at all, he rushed toward him, going to take hold of him on by the throat so as to wind and twist it callously, and as he did so, entwining and wounding the throat of the man, he drove him out of breath and killed him bit by bit and real painfully. The man wiggled and squirmed under his unyielding grasp until he was at last not able to move and he had eventually breathed his very last breath. Giving up his ghost in other words.

With the enemy dead, Anthony glanced about and sniffed further and further, paying no heed to the scents of living animals that he stumbled upon and rather looking for the extra ordinaryseversors that is. His breed, his race, his family, his kin, his people. 

In these immeasurable forests Anthony was born. In their immensity and span he grew up. Their wherewithal and stores he traveled around and discovered and moreover explored. Oh yes, he did this and so much more. The forest was his dwelling and his empire too. He was a prince of it. An emperor of it even. 

Anthony, I want you to be careful with whatever it is that you do where you are going. You hear me?

I do, Jordan. I love you.

I love you too.

These words were echoing and resounding in his secret mind. Even so, to his perspective and awareness, it seemed like they were humming and reverberating from somewhere in the never-ending forest about him. That was what he thought for a while. Silently and undisturbed, he sniffed actively until he smelled something on the spur of the moment and ran after it as promptly and hastily as his feet could tolerate. 

His lengthy hair thrashing behind him riotously in the extreme wind that puffed its way viciously past him, Karl Avani raced through the limitless trees, snitching off arrows that were laid in a urn that was dangling raucously on his back, and as he pressed on forward, he reached for his bow with his other hand and went on to set an arrow on its thread as hurriedly and speedily as he could. With that completed, he leveled up his arrow at the eversora man in everyday human formand then he let go off the arrow in the lapsing of a millisecond.

Through the fleshless and glowing air, the arrow zapped its way with incredible and eye-widening momentum. Within a split second, it had pierced through the back of the man so as to stay in there and down he plunged his way, off the towering heights of the trees to smash and plummet down heavily on an inflexible stone. His skull gashed wide open at once, blood pouring out to tarnish and smudge the mammoth boulder.

With his eyes fixed upward for a fleeting while, Karl surveyed the trees, looking for two more eversor men that he was pursuing and both of which were taking flight up there. He saw them heading off south and at that particular instant he sped up, tossing one hand behind him circumspectly to fetch a new arrow. Once he had obtained itstill being in rapid motionhe glanced up again and calculated quickly the progression of the first eversors motion so that once he had determined where he was going and what particular rate of speed, he set his arrow to the cord of his bow and aimed up another timeno, not where the contender was at that exact moment but where he would soon arriveand only after accomplishing this did he free the arrow to take wing and soar off into the air.       

Zapzapzapzap!

The eversor was struck in the back to give way to torpor and fall down without any speck of struggle or great effort. Loud he hit into the earth, though he was by no means dead. He stirred bit by bit and feebly, writhing and twirling even. The minute he looked up, he saw Karl standing before him to finish him off with the razor-edged machete that he was wielding steadfastly and irresolutely. Karl swung it off to chop his head off, severing his throat into two ruthlessly and spewing off showers and sprays of blood. He then pursued that last mulish eversor. This one he had shot six times with un-envenomed arrows on diverse but life-threatening-spots-to-smack, and still, it had survived and set on in motion with its escape. He doubted if he would manage to kill it.

It was shocking. The more that Karl dashed after the persistent eversor, the more it moved as hastily as ever before in the elevated and massive trees, hopping up and down and left and right swiftly and yet so skillfully that one would refute that it had any injuries and damages on it. As it moved through the trees, the blood from its stern and grave wounds trickled and dribbled down to their leaves and branches. Yes, even dripping down the thick air to splash and spatter on Karl himself down there. That had him get fuming and insulted. He was not going to give up pursuing it until he had effectively killed it. Oh yes. He would not call it quits yet.

When Karl neared a giant and jumbo rock that only served to get in his way, he hurled himself up into the air, winding and twisting his feet sharply as he did so. Nimbly and lightly, he winged his way till he had made it past the extremely large stone. Only then did he unwound his feet to lodge and establish them down.   

The eversor kept on peeking back at himor stealing quick and hurried glances of him. He saw that as an opening on his part. He would use it to divert and take it in to its death. Of course, he was overflowing with numerous ideas on how he could use that to his pro and aid.

The eversor sneaked a quick look at him for the seventh time. To its horror and surprise, it discovered that Karl was no longer pursuing it. It was running off on its own with no one to run after and pursue it. Alarmed and apprehensive, it hopped off from the soaring trees to launch down cautiously and with awareness. At arriving down, it scanned about and moreover put its smelling abilities to use, fearing that it could be killed reasonably painless on Karls part it if ran away through leaping from tree to tree. 

Are you looking for me? Karl addressed it unexpectedly from the very tree that it had leapt down from.

The eversor reversed to peer and marvel at him too late. The arrow was fast to take wing and stab it straight into the throat. And down it collapsed, blood dribbling and trickling out of its mouth. Once it had lied down on the ground, it stirred and moved not. An indication that it was totally and at last dead.

Karl skipped away from the tree and went to examine and inspect it. Yes, it was totally and wholly dead. Having completed that, he trotted away, speedy and on the alert. 

Jog. Traipse. Tramp. Karl went his way briskly. 

Tramp. Trek. March. Busiku marched toward his canis, Rango, which stood unprotected and unaided, surrounded and encircled by swarms and multitudes of the his men. The canis shrank back, howling and growling out at him warningly as if that was as much was necessary to frighten him and send him backing away from it for fear of his valued life. It wasnt sufficient to do all that. Busiku was the more firm and unbending.

The canis growled out raucously this time, stripping its teeth bare fiercely while it moved and advanced toward him. He stopped right that instant, staring at it with marveled and startled eyes. So it was prepared to assail back, wasnt it? Oh yes, that was what it seemed.

Rango was the first to launch and flung himself on his rival. He cast him down to the ground belligerently, tearing his mouth wide open and straight away efforting to mangle and claw him viciously with his pointed teeth. Busiku flashed his eyes a glittery dazzling red, making the beast stare away from him with eyes that were now compressed shut and it yowled at him glaringly and excruciatingly. He growled out as well, uncovering his mouth to lay to sight prickly and not-natural looking teeth. He lifted himself up without delay, seeking to nibble and gnaw into its throat so as to tear and rip off its veins and take its life by doing so.

The beast faced down him in time to crack its eyes open and face up the enemys cutting teeth with its jagged pair too. Busiku narrowed his eyes and took it by its throat so as to cast and hurl it away from himself mightily. It clawed into his shirt, ripping it off directly and tweaking him along to collapse with it as well. Down he collapsed and up it stood over him once more, growling and howling out madly.

One of his men stirred to lend him a hand, but he told him just by sniffing and snuffling in the air rapidly. Dont you bother. I can take this thing down on my own. I definitely will. Watch me do it.

All his men were hushed and sharp-eyed, watching the ferocious warfare between their all-great master and the horrorful creature that he was fighting with. 

Doing his best yet another time, Busiku nabbed the beast vehemently and launched it over to the ground after himself. Why after himself? He knew that if he would lob it away whilst trying to avoid falling with it himself, it was going to snitch him back like it had done beforehand and for sure smack him against the dry earth  callously and unpityingly. Yes, it definitely would, acknowledging that it was that physically powerful as well.    

To his amazement and shocker, the beast battered and smacked him down to the earth a second time, proceeding on to growl and snarl wrathfully at him. That was humiliation on his part, especially to that man of his whom he had guaranteed he was going to rout the vicious creature this time. He had not. And it was overpowering him instead. Aggressively and heatedly, it lashed and whipped him over the ground, even going on to beat and spank him on stiff and unbending stones. He bled straight away, bulges and swells forming on his forehead and cheeks themselves. The ugly thing was crushing him outboth his life and his mightthere was no doubt about it. And that awareness brought great and huge dishonor and disgrace on his part in that he was in the very eyes of those who were under his sway and influence.  Wouldnt word spread that theirs was a frail and unpromising man of the realm?

Busiku did his best to come to blows and wrestle back with that all-prevailing thing. To his great and further shock and bombshell, it rose up on its two rear feet, growling at him piercingly while lifting him with its two anterior feet, and then it flung him away to fly off and bang into a farther-sited tree. Only after then did it fall down to its four standard feet and start going and moving on all fours. That was the worst ever embarrassment and degradation on his part. He could not bear the discomfiture and ignominy anymore; in grief and rage and excessive pain he issued out, Kill the damn thing right this moment. I said kill it now.

All his men sped and surged after the canis, groaning and yelling boisterously. 

The beast turned around to flee, looking for a getaway route that it could to its benefit and pro. There was not any seeable. Not any but masses and swarms of men coming after it. Wrathfully and energetically, it stared about them for a short time and then ran into the crowd suddenly and erratically, mauling and mangling them with its jagged and destructive claws. Snivels and howls and blubbers and bawls filled the air right there and then, frightening and intimidating those that had not come into contact with it or were just near it such that they could not help but tremble and back away from it and some of them took to instantaneous flight.

Busiku, watchful and observant and still in great pain, ordered them, Follow the damn thing. I want it killed. If you wont kill it, deem yourself dead.




 






CHAPTER TWO: DEVASTATING

That had a huge number of his men abandon their terror and instead focus on pursuing the escaping canis. Those that moved not, only just trembling and shuddering, had their breaths snuffled away by their lord, who inhaled them in and in without a conclusion, killing and wiping them out. Once he had done that, he got up on his feet and joined his surviving men in running after the daring and obstinate canis. Way had been made for it and it escaped freely and with not much restraint. Oh yes, it was too late for the eversor army to form another barricade around it. Too late now. 

Tramp. Traipse. Tramp. Rango ran as speedy as he could in the large and no-limit forest.

Traipse. Tramp. Traipse. Busiku went after the canis, bold-faced and all the strong-minded.

Plod. Trudge. Plod. The canis leapt past rocks and massive logs and any of the like.

Trudge. Plod. Trudge. Karl went speedily in a nervous chase of his endangered and sweetheart canis, Rango.

Slog. Toil. Slog. Anthony sped his way in the forest ahead of Jordan Sampa Valesquez and Alvin Aruj and Carrie Avani and Nolan Zulu and Ryan Walters and Thomas Baldev. Yes, these two groups met, rapidly and all of a sudden. Everyone stopped then to take in deep and stretched breaths. Karl first spoke, Are we still far away from they are? I mean that impious brother of yours, Busiku, and my canis and his militia of men? As he said the words out, he had his eyes settled on Anthony, signifying that he was the one whom he had posed the question to.   

Anthony did his best to calm his irrepressible panting and then snuffled about in a search for those distinctive scents. To his shock and great amazement, they could not be found. No matter what he tried or doing what his mind could contrive to do. What could that signify?

He made his every best effort. Hard and harder. And then he came across it. That horrible and reeking stench that almost had him throw up. It was an appalling and sickening reek. Oh yes it sure was! Squabble bats.  That was what it belonged to. Bats that traveled in innumerable and legions of swarms and unpeeled the skin or covering of just about any living life form that they happened across. If one ran into them, he had to deem his skin unpeeled completely to his very dawdling and exceedingly painful death. No wonder Anthony had not been able to smell what he was looking for. Their whiff was overly strong and exceedingly stinking at the same time in that it routed the smell of anything that was based in their direction. Death was lurking just by the angle. 

Anthony blenched. And Jordan asked him at once. What is wrong?

Squabble bats, came the abysmal reply. I can see so many of them. They are all headed here. They are drawing very near.

Squabble bats? Nolan asked in uneasiness, trembling shakily. 

Anthony nodded fast. We have not much time. They are already here. Everyonetake off quickly.

Abundant as flies that have filled up the sky, the incalculable hosts of bats screeched and squealed beneath the clouds, scattering about from their gathering to reach and get to every turn of the forest. They were dark blue in color, a glittery and burnished dark blue in the luminous sunlight, and as soon as they had jam-packed above the forest, the sky darkened for a stretched while, the sun veiled from worldly view by their uncalled-for presence in other words. Their sight was so startling and yet so treacherous. It was as such as never been behold by the universal and uncovered eye.  

All this, Karl watched, wholly awestruck and enthralled with what his eyes were observing. In all his life, he had never seen these far-famed creatures in the globe of preservers. He had heard nonstop stories and tales about how so bewitching and mesmerizing these fatal things were to ogle at. And now, before his very face and presence, he could prove it true himself. Oh yes, squabble bats were enthralling and absorbing indeed. If it was possible, he could ogle and make eyes at them for ages and ages endless without ever wanting to do anything else. 

Whapwhapwhap!

Three squabble bats flew past him, peeling off the barks of trees that they ducked so as not to collide on.

Whapwhapwhap!

Three more bats took wing past him again, one of them missing by a sheer inch or so to graze its claws past his brow and leave it un-skinned. All this Karl did not take notice of. His eyes were set and immovable skyward where it was perfectly mesmerizing and enthralling to gawp at.

Suddenly and abruptly and without any warning, Anthony grabbed him from behind and whirled him over to run before him as hurriedly and promptly as he could, still seizing his hand. What do you think you are doing? Everyone else is gone apart from you. Those things are dangerous and they certainly kill. He yelled back to his shocked comrade without even winching his throat back to him. 

Karl blinked for the first time whilst in rapid motion and he breathed out greatly fast. Im sorry, Anthony. I happened to become this awestruck and fascinated out of nowhere. Im really sorry for making you endanger your life just to rescue mine.

Screeching and squealing piercingly in the air, the bats soared after Karl and Anthony, fluttering and flailing their wings as viciously and rowdily as they could so as to make it to them fast and in suitable time. Anthony was monitoring their advancement by keeping trail of their scent. He saw the bats ripping their lips wholly open to screech and squeal the more loud. That had him quicken up his pace, apprehensively and frightfully.

Further ahead of him was Ryan Walters. He went fast as a bomb as he could, gasping and wheezing out heavily. The remoteness between him and the bats was not in his support. He noticed a fair number of them streaking past him in mid-air as they squeaked and squawked out loudly. With sweat dribbling down his forehead the more, he pressed forward and speedily forward all the more anxious.

Not far away from him was his best buddy, Nolan. His speed enhanced up rapidly until he had gone past Thomas and Carrie and Alvin and Jordan who were the more quicker and unrelenting. At long last he was dashing ahead of everyone, on the lookout and inquisitive for any safe place that they could probably hide in. He foresaw that they would all get nowhere fleeing and running away from the inestimable bats. They would surely excel them all, leaving them skinless and fast bleeding to their deaths.

While in swift motion, Karl took that unforeseen erroneous but mortal step and down he plummeted his way to the ground below. As he was falling, his hand slipped away from Anthonys, making him whirl around immediately and run off to him worriedly and hastily. A flock of bats were heading their way speedily toward a fallen and vulnerable Karl, screeching and squealing out loud. Without any ordinary aid, he was fated for good, it seemed.

Brilliantly and effulgently, Anthonys eyes blazed so as to produce avaricious flames that disbanded in the air until they had consumed the bunch of bats to nothingness and nonexistence. Quickly and rapidly, he rushed over to pick Karl, who had wounded his foot, and up he hauled him on his back to lift him appropriately and then take off with him as hurriedly and fast as he could. Still, another novel collection of bats went after the two, squealing and thrashing their wings maliciously. 

A bat from among them moved over to claw off a portion of the skin in Karls head and out he yowled painfully and vociferously. Anthony was enforced to leap furthest away into the air so as to launch down as far away as he could from the bloodthirsty creatures.  

Screech. Squeal. Screech. 

Nolan first discovered the secure and roughly concealed cave on his right before Jordan did and he was what's more the first one to slip his way into it, bellowing out back to those behind him. This way. There is a not-dangerous cave this way.

Jordan repeated the same announcement so that everyone behind her could overhear it and they surely did. Those that followed them did the same too. Everyone was at long last in the cave. Except for the last two. Karl and Anthony. At itsthe cavesopening everyone gathered, watching the infrequent number of the bats flip by. Jordan was the first to become worried and edgy. What if they were both dead..no more in straightforward words?   

Anthony! She hollered out apprehensively and worriedly. Anthony and Karl, where are you?

There was no immediate reply. But a signal cropped up in the very end. Through the swelling mass of bats, Anthony showed up in the forest, and hastily he scurried and sped up his way till he had ultimately made it into that safe cave. His sighting and presence brought delight inexpressible to Jordanboth within and externally. Once he had set Karl down, she ran to hug and clasp him to herself dearly and fondly.     

Anthony. You are alright. I thought that something bad had happened to you. Thank God you are safe and sound.

Oh Jordan. I would do anything just to stay alive and be with you. Im not losing you any moment now or sooner or ever. I am not losing you.

From Anthonys shoulder Jordan carefully peeked out to eye the plentiful bats that were flying across the forest, shattering and mangling trees and anything else green and living ruthlessly. The awful sight almost had her stare away like the canis that they had come with were tempted to do in a far away cave that they had also run into. They recognized squabble bats by their nauseating stench. And yes, they understood that these were no welcoming and gracious things at all. With shocked and horror-struck eyes, the canis watched them flash their way in the forest, blackening and making it one vast place of insufferable blare and squeal-like rackets to some huge extent.

Squabble bats. They racketed and rowed their way in the broad forest, heading off south where Busiku and his men were running after Karls canis, Rango. Little did they realize the lackluster catastrophe that was coming to meet them. As a matter of fact, no one of them realized it. Or entertained any form of suspicion with concern to it. It would take them by storm like a tornado is fond of doing, hasty and abrupt and rushed and sudden.  

     




CHAPTER THREE: BRYANT STUART

Shaky. Jiggly. And trembling. Bryant Stuart stared at the enormous forest before him, taking his stand on shaky and jiggly feet. Like his lean and small feet, his small and fine body trembled as well, stung and pricked on by the unrelenting wind that was swiftly racing past him. He took a step and two ahead of him, and then confined the slit cloth over his eyeswhich he was holding in one juddering and unsteady hand. 

Every night, before he would go to sleep, he trained and schooled and rehearsed. Warring by himself in this limitless forest. It was his custom and habitude. 

Having fixed the cloth over his eyes and joined and interlaced it at the back of his head, he began his training and self-combat. He skipped his way up into the air, rounding and twisting until he had launched on rooted and stabled rocks. Then with that done, he leapt downwhere there were arrayed and arranged sharply thorns with spaces and rifts in between themand knightly and quietly, whilst still stone-blind and sightless, he skipped his way from one opening to the next one, all without discerning and clearly sighting that there were cutting thorns here and there, and triumphantly and rapidly, he missed the thorns, falling short of their ting and pain, till he had at last pushed forward away from them.

Then, smiling and positive about his hit, he dislodged the cloth curtaining his eyes and stared behind him. There the thorns were, steeply and needle-edged and dry, as well as the openings in them that disrobed to plain and unmistakable view the un-moistened and plain ground itself.

His preceding training was in the river. A drawn-out and wide river that pulled and stretched out its way in the gigantic forest, twinkling and shining in the much-plenteous moonlight.

In its icy and freezing waters he dipped himself. Not dipping himself actually. He launched himself into the flowing waters, bound and shackled to a weight-some fragment of iron, with a firm and nylon rope that is, so that, once he had sank his way down to the base or grounds of the river, he could not stir his way freely and smoothly as he felt like.

Inasmuch as he wished and craved to breathe, he could not painlessly go about it. All about him was bountiful and moving water through which his breath popped out of his mouth and nostrils to form mounting and growing bubbles. Yes, he had his eyes opened wide in the water, and even though it stung and bit painfully to survey about, he did not care for or even reflect on shutting them. No, he did not!

He was running out of time. Milliseconds were hurrying on. Seconds were urging on. Minutes were pressing forward. If he would not do anything to labor and strive his way out of here, he was surely going to die on his own, forsaken and outcast far away than anyone would think probe for him. Who would look for him anyway, taking into thought that he was all the time by himself? Who would? No one, it appeared.

In no time, Bryants eyes had began to protest to his prolonged linger in the immeasurable water and they smoldered and scorched painingly as though they were on the brink of exploding and splitting open.

At that momentthe swarm of bubbles still escaping out of his mouth and noseBryant began to wrestle and war with the nylon rope that was interlinking him to the burdensome cut of iron. 

He spun and rotated his way in the endless water so as to locate and fix his ready teeth on the stout nylon rope itself. He did just that. And then he began to chew and gnaw it, all with the hopes that his hardy and enduring teeth would nick and slash it up.

Milliseconds wore away. Seconds wore and tore on. And minutes wore and wasted on.

Slowly and assuredly, his whetted teeth penetrated and sunk deeper into the rope, cutting and chopping it. He carried on with the engagement and struggle until the rope had been every inch slashed and sliced.

Smiling and sighing at the same time, he swam his way up and farther up, lashing his feet behind without bestirring or shifting on his hands.    

At long last, he appeared his way out of the river to breathe in and out starvingly and famishedly as though he was about to perish. Or was he?

Mildly and softly, he stirred his way toward the very border of the river, or the bank in other words, where he knelt down and crawled and stood and then toddled and eventually paced his way away.

That night as he slept, he trembled and quivered even though he had long dried and wiped himself un-moistened. Before his eyes shut out so as to allow him to fare off into dreamland, he saw them in one whipping fast and short-lived moment. They were in plenitude and abundance and racing as sprightly and energetically on hasty and brisk feet. Watchels. All male and dressed in unclean and despicable clothing and variantly armed and intended and deliberate on killing and doing away hard-heartedly with these multitudes of women and children and even aged men that were screaming and yelping out for pity and leniency. Yes. Watchels were just like squabble bats. Merciless and ruthless.

In one dream, a nightmare to be precise, Bryant dreamt that he was swimming and stirring his way beneath the river that he had just rehearsed in, held and connected to an encumbered shred of iron by a thin, flimsy-looking string of nylon.

While he labored and wrestled with the rope all thanks to the presence of his cutting teeth, a crocodile, broad and enormous, and fiery and hard-scaled, with an extended and nicking-like frightful tail behind it, thrashed toward him, smiling devilishlyor simply unclosing its mouth to strip to view a set or collection of knife-edged and pointed teeth.

Bryant shrank back in the river, shocked and appalled. He endeavored and strived hard and as quickly as he could to loose his two hands from the compressed nylon rope binding them. 

The crocodile inched closer and closer, its ridged teeth glowing and glistening; the closer it drew toward him, the more thrilled it became and the more speedy it moved.

Bryant fought and travailed as hard as he could to cut the nylon rope fastening him. Time was running out. He had to do something quicksomething promptsomething effectivesomething

Time enmeshed up with him at thought. Just when he had triumphed in renting the rope, the river monster thwacked him down to the flooring beneath, and as he was twitching and jerking his way, it crunched and champed him to separate pieces, reddening the entire water with his ceaseless flow of blood.

Two nights before the nightmare. Anthony sat outside by himself in the flickering moonlight before the aflame fire, quietly at peaceable intercourse with his peculiar thoughts and consideration. Behind him, from the backyard of the lavish palace sited on his back, stepped into view Jordan, undisturbed and self-possessed. With that elevated stature of hers, and a sizeable but slightly lithe body, she looked so majestic and magnetic that even the birds of the forest could lay out the undivided (or complete) day to gazing and marveling at her.

She wondered what secret thoughts had engaged her mans mind. What thinking precisely?

Slowly and unhurriedly, Jordan made her way to him on leery and cautious feet, and once she had reached his back, she laid her lady-like fashioned hands over his eyes and quickly knelt down to jab her knees against his backside. He flexed where he was, startled and affrighted at the same time.

Jordan, he declared before she had voiced out anything. Following this, his lips wound into an excited and moved smile. 

Jordan breathed out quietly behind him, electrified with gladness and seeming to not know what else to do. 

Jordan, is that you? Anthony asked.

She smiled indulgently. Yes, Anthony. It is I myself. She freed him pronto and while seeking to move backwards, he spun towards her whilst still sitted and hurriedly and instantaneously hauled her over to himself, furthermore proceeding to squeeze and cuddle and seize her in his arms. 

Straight into his vigorous and defensive arms she fell, and weakened from unceasing and irrational laughter, she squirmed and contorted and wriggled, looking straight up into her cherished mans delighted and winning eyes.

You are quite troublesome, arent you? He asked her teasingly.

She winked at him smoothly, which she had not devised to go about at all. It seems that I am, was her ultimate response.

Anthonys entranced eyes did not move away from her. Would it displease you if I kiss you? 

Kiss me? It depends on wherever it is that you want to plant that longed-for kiss of yours.

Almost immediately, Anthony raised his eyebrows at the much-beautiful woman before him, whom he was clasping and cuddling and marveling and making sheeps eyes at. What do you signify by that? He asked in an unintentionally unsteady and tasteless voice.

And what are your intentions by posing this question? She subverted the inquiry back to him. 

His eyes broadened the more, glimmering and coruscating whats more. I simply want to know if you are restraining a certain part of you away from my reach and access. Is that what you are trying to do?

No. I did not give voice to that. Neither did I signalize it to you in any way. Oh no, I didnt.

Then? His eyes were suddenly serious and grave-looking.

What, Anthony? Jordan posed back.

He tensed his demure gaze the more. It is as if I am authorized to kiss your left cheek and not to do so with your right one. Is that it? Or not so?

No, love, it is not the case. I dont know what I was precisely thinking in the first place when I asked that to you. I dont frankly know. Pardon me please. You own the whole undivided and unbroken part of me. I give my word.

That had Anthony soften and quieten. He then carefully and calculatingly leaned down towards her, going on to finally set a lengthened and surely enthusiastic kiss on her unclad lips. She did not resist it, or shrink away from him, she relished in it to the very hilt.

Having accomplished that, Anthony withdrew away from her so as to stare and gawk voicelessly at her. His quiescent sight entertained her eyes like nothing else. She gawked back at him, still and hushed.

So, she began all of a sudden and without warning. Tell me about these preservers whom you just came across while ago while hunting out there. Who are they? What do they do and where do they stay?

Anthony sighed in frustration and weariness at that. He looked at the darksome but moon-lit forest himthe divine forest he had grew up in all the days of his life and which, in his perception, was hospitable and convivial and fine and high-quality like no other place of habitat. He then cast his memory back to those moments he had laid out and used up with some group of preservers he had met while out hunting with Karl and Alvin. 

Two days afterwards. Fast as lightning, Busiku ran as swift as he could, keeping his eyes fixed on the oversize canis that was streaking before him. He gathered up speed till he had moved past all of his men and he was at long last approximately sniffing distance away from the unrelenting beast. Beads of sweat collected on his forehead and trickled their way parsimoniously and evenly. His heart thrashed deep inside his chest as violently and ferociously as it had never done. His hands hit and pound in the thick air, liberally and unconscientiously like the hammering and banging of his heart. He would not lay down arms till he had caught the damn thing and whats more significantly killed it. Oh yes, he would.

The canis leapt past the never-ending trees, evading branches and thornily shrubs and plants like none of the eversors behind were able to accomplish. It went at a fast pace and promptly, keeping trail of Busikus scent behind merely by smelling him. His emotions were acidic and unreceptive, an indication that he was going to kill it should he ever catch up with it and in addition to that seize it victoriously.

It was all speedy-like and abrupt. It happened nonetheless. Fast and suddenly, the canis, Rango, turned sharply on the brink of a moment and veered off to run in a track contra-distinct the one used by Busiku and his men. It headed off east, on the double and in panic. Busiku swerved after it in an instant and chased it as fast as he could. What could it be running away from up north there? Something that was at enmity with it? This, he could not tell.  

Too late, his congregation of men behind turned after them only to see swarms of squabble bats flitting their way out of the forest to brutally and riotously head their way off speedily to them. What? Some of the great number of men, paralyzed and struck with impulsive shock, froze still only to meet their peril and fate. The bats went past them, wrecking and shattering their skin to nothing but a perpetual spring of unadulterated blood, stripped nude and bare.

It was all horrible. Deaths upon deaths. And the bats screeched and wailed out raucously and shrilly. The instant Busiku heard those ear-splitting and intimidating screeches, he came to an abrupt halt and rounded over to stare at what was behind him. Damn. Not them. Squabble bats. They were the worst thing that one could ever come across. Deadly and merciless. The same character that was so true of him in some sense, wasnt it?

At discovering that, Busiku sped his way off as promptly as he had never done. Which was better? To pursue the canis and be killed with it? Or to run away for his invaluable life and preserve it? In his viewpoint, it was better to escape for his life and preserve it than lose it having caught that damn canis that he so much wanted to slay right now.

Fast. Riotously. And apprehensively. Busiku tore off his way past the trees, breathing fast and agitatedly. Of course, the tables had turned against him. But not only against him; but to each and every creature on the face of the earth that was a likely injurable party to these harsh and awful things called squabble bats things. While he ran, he could hear the ear-splitting shrieking and grunting and growling and whimpering of those men of his who were being assailed and devoured by the host of callous bats. It was all awful indeed.

When another flock of bats cropped up on his right in the route that he was fleeing to, he swerved sharply all of a sudden and whipped his way faster and speedily even. He could not keep away from them any much longer, he worked out. He had to hide himself somewhere safe and secure. And where could that be?

As he ran briskly and freckly, he came across Karls canis, Rango, which was running off for its life too. The two met up and fled away side by side, none of them bothering or even attempting to steal a hurried glance at each other. Not only was that dangerous to carry out in that it could make them crush and hit on something. It was worthless and meaningless now. Oh yes, it sure was.

This was how they moved: For a while, Busiku would surpass and leave the canis behind him. For a flash, it would go past him and leave him whisking and belting behind. That was how the two of them advanced. Leaving the other behind only for the other to catch up with his contestant and outrun him.

The canis was the first one to notice the out-of-harm's-way and sheltered place that it at once hastened to. A mound and gathering of stones that were arranged well and aptly. Yes, squabble bats were not talented with intelligence and brainpower. And they could not slip their way through that mountain of stones straightforwardly and shrewdly without banging and battering themselves on the inflexible stones themselves. Promptly and hurriedly, Rango darted there and speedily worked his way into the covering apprehensively and uneasily. He was all protected and sheltered in no time, glancing and peering out in silence and relief. And at noticing this, Busiku went after him as well, restless and apprehensive. 







CHAPTER FOUR: THE DEADLY STUMBLE

Dimness covered the complete sky. Or a vast portion of it to be exact. The moon was not in attendance and missing. Stars glinted and twinkled sharply. Still, their noteworthy and faded light was not sufficient to enlighten up the whole forest. It was all hushed and still. Dead-like even. Smoothly and composedly, an unpleasantly cold breeze blew by, swaying leaves of plentiful trees and plants this side and that side. Yes, while most of the plants had been left just about lifeless and shattered, a few of them were in perfect shape and well-being all in all.

Light emerged. First, from the farthest corners of the sky. Then it spread and scattered everywhere until the heavens were this one giant and continual mass of effulgent and splendid light. Yes. The light infiltrated and made its way quietly to every fraction and quarter of the forest that it possibly could. Magnificent. Effulgent. It was all influential and potent.

It was now morning. The breeze of the night kept on and on and it blew and gushed through the still forest, stirring leaves and skeletal-like branches and shifting them this side and that other. Yes. It became a little bit cold and somewhat nippy. That was what it came to be.

Slowly. But fast as first. The breeze stirred threads of his yellow hair without stinting and unreservedly. Slowly. With vigilant and on-the-alert eyes. Bryant Stewart walked his way in the broad forest, eyeing and marveling at the bodies of cataleptic and skinless men that were strewn and scattered everywhere about him. Of course. He had not expected or even anticipated to run into this. No, he had not.

Some of the dead men were in ordinary human form; some were not. He recognized those that were not natural-looking. Eversors they were. A very perilous and abnormal kind of breed. This was his first time ever seeing them. And he wondered what it would be like to scuffle and meet head-on with those that he would perchance find alive. Were they wearisome and unremitting? Or were they easily defeated and gotten rid of? Some things were better learnt and discovered by experience, he mulled to himself. 

His eyes thinned fleetingly and then he became bleak and stern-faced.  Something was not in the right, he felt. Probably. He spun on the heels of his feet in one fleeting fast second. Whim! There he stared atnothingno, he could not stare at nothing. There was something else. Something hiding and concealing itself somewhere. Something following his movements surreptitiously and slyly. Yes. There was something fishy and devious going on. 

Are you looking for me? The voice said from behind, abruptly and unexpectedly. 

Bryant wheeled over and looked atnothing. What exactly was going on? Who was this who was playing mean mind games with him? He hated this and he detested it so very much. Who could it be? Someone human? A preserver? Or one who belonged with the aberrant and gone-against-nature?

Who are you? Bryant called out noisily.

Busiku, the voice reverberated from every angle of the forest. I am your adversary. I have always been your foe and I will always be one till the day that we shall both die.

What are you?

What do you yourself think that I am? A human being? A typical and commonplace human being? Laughers and chuckles pealed in the forest straight away from every bend and route. It confused Bryant so much that he did not know which direction to look at and which one to not cast eyes at. Who could this despicable Busiku be? Who exactly was he?

What do you want from me?

I should be the one to ask the same question to you. What are you yourself looking for here? Dont tell me you left and buried your fortune somewhere here because you dont look like a very wealthy man and much less a fortunate one.

Show your face, will you, stinking coward?

There was silence. Deep silence. Then he came to view, looking ireful and so infuriated. He leapt down from the lofty and enormous tree that Bryant himself was standing next to. And his facial expression and idiom talked of brutality and malice. 

Like he had feet made of spring, Busiku hopped off his way up in the air till he had launched on another tree and wound and wrapped his hands tightly around its stem. Bryant looked at him right away, bewildered and confused. The enemy smiled down at him maliciously, his eyes blazing a luminous red and glowing faint soon just after that. That verified that he was not human by any means. No, he was not.

Why dont you come and get this stinky coward, you grubby imbecile?

Bryant ran off toward him without delay, grunting and growling out raucously. He jumped up into the air to prod his feet down on the bark of a nearby tree and then accelerate his way toward the very tree that Busiku was taking his stand on. Once he had made contact with it, he launched his feet on one of its firm branches suitably well, having extracted an extensive glimmering sword with which he was planning to kill his bitter rival with. 

At sighting the stretched, glinting sword, Busiku frowned, making a nasty and spiteful face to himself. He then faced Bryant to tell him, You are not playing fair and square, are you, Mister What-ever-your-name-is?  

Stewart. I am Bryant Stewart.

Yes, Mr. Stewart. Get rid of your sword out of this combat of ours and I will not use my powers in my warfare against you on the other hand. The rule is that uncomplicated. No weapons, no anything of the not-natural sort. What do you say to that?

What can you do in the first place, Busiku?

You want to know what I am gifted with?

Show it to me without delay. I cannot wait to batter one on your cheek already.

He leapt off to arrive on another solid branch within the same tree, looking away from Bryant for a moment only to return his gaze to him at a time when his eyes were afire and burning. Their flames were so vicious and searing that they scorched off the set of dry leaves that hung on a branch above his head. While the leaves burned and charred to irrefutable ashes that wavered and hovered their way down the air, Busiku grinned gleefully and wickedly. He liked doing impious things. They fascinated and thrilled the hell out of him.

Is that all that you can do? Bryant questioned insolently.

The reply came quickly and in a gracious manner. There is more to this, Mr. Stewart. Right now, Id rather fight with you than show you everything that I can get myself to do. Why wait? Let us start the fight already, shall we?

Quickly and alertly, Bryant ran after him high up there in the towering tree as quickly and promptly as he could. Busiku watched him, all quietly smiling and gleeful. Just when he had gotten near to him, he pitched his hand overheard himself and grabbed on to another unyielding branch that he used to mount and pull himself up and far away from his reach. Wait a moment. Was that not cheating? The way Busiku crawled and moved through the branches was all spider-like and lizard-like. It was not commonplace seeming even.

Thinning his eyes the more, Bryant slung himself up into the air, rolling and whirling and twisting himself as he went up, until he had landed on a stiff and resilient branch all thanks to the relief and support of his readied feet.  

His hair dangling and falling downwards, his eyes preset and established on Busiku before him, his feet draped and hung on a rigid branch above him, he balled up his hands into inflexible fists and used them to thrash and smack his opponent mightily and brutally. Busiku staggered away from him that terse moment, hurt and exceedingly pained in such a dire way that he almost tripped his way off the branch he was stepping on and ended up staggering to crash his head on another hard and unbending branch. It all hurt, terribly indeed.

Unwinding his feet where they had been hung and suspended, Bryant hurled himself down, twirling and reeling in the air until he had arrived on that branch that Busiku himself was standing on. For a transitory while he lurched and swayed until he had found back his balance and stability. Then he looked at Busiku, livid and infuriated. 

Busiku hopped down to the branch beneath him and he settled on it aptly and attentively. He stared up only to see Bryant skip his way down after him with beyond-belief rapidity and skill. It seemed it was not going to be unproblematic getting away from this unremitting preserver. Oh yes, it was not going to be that easy at all. 

Bryant chucked off one into Busikus face. It was grabbed and grasped well and gamely. With the enemy smiling vaguely even. Bending his head down, Bryant knocked into Busikus chest and had him stumble and reel away from him feebly. He felt his strength waning and fading out. Which was no good thing at all. He had to be strong and he had to fight back manfully. Or else he was going to lose. Oh yes, he without doubt would.

Growling out irately and vociferously, Busiku put to his relief his mystical power, transforming one hand into a beastly-like piece of hand with lean, long furs and sharp-edged and jagged claws. It seemed he would not prevail in this conflict the customary way except he had used his psychic muscle and skill.  

Bryant took out his sword instantaneously. It was high time he took the gala to its farthest extremes too. And for a moment, the two stared, adversary and adversary. Busiku seemed the strongest and most muscle-endowed while Bryant seemed the most bright and intellectual-gifted.

Leaping back into the air with one hand slung behind him so as to grab and take hold of the long stem of the enormous tree itself, Busiku tossed off his razor-sharp-clawed hand at Bryant, abruptly and quickly. Bryant eluded it by bowing himself forward to escape and get away from it. 

Moving back after himBryant Stuart that iswith one hand still holding onto the branch behind him, Busiku had a go the second time at clawing and nicking his enemy with his remarkably prickly and bristly claws. Bryant rescued himself from his fatal assault by dropping himself down to the branch beneath him. He moved so adroitly and masterfully that one who had observed his movement could not help but be in awe and gawk speechlessly at him. His was super-exceptional and yet super-unbelievable movement.   








CHAPTER FIVE: LIFELESS

Busiku was as enraged as ever before. Damn Bryant. Damn him a thousand times. He was going to kill him without letdown this time. Growling and yowling out raucously, he slumped himself down to the particular branch where he was, getting there on razor-sharp clawed hands that scrabbled into the cadaver of the strapping branch severely and viciously. Had his intensely jagged nails clawed on metal, they would have unfailingly ripped it up, shredding it into two for certain. Damn himBryant Stewart that is. And damn him a million times. Busiku bawled out again, flaring his irate eyes at him unremittingly whats more. 

Bryant thinned his eyes the more and raced at the breathing ogre before him. He promised himself that he would slay it. Without not falling up to the snuff, of course. Driving his stretched, burnished-like sword up in the air, he chucked off his hand to toss himself down and grasp on to the above branch promptly and readily. That was a staggering and mind-boggling move on his part. As he plummeted his way downwards, having clutched on to the rigid branch, he flung his sword down at Busiku vehemently and ferociously, meaning to rip him up into two if achievable. 

Busiku plunged himself further down, lobbing up his feet so that they moved to and fro liberally and with good grace until they had coupled and crossed over each other. That way, he could not tumble further down to the ground. It was unattainable except he had let go off their clench on the branch were they were now lashed and secured. With that done, he rocked himself again hastily and knowledgeably to seize onwith his hands that isthat piece of branch where Bryant had just scurried after him from. And with that accomplished, he first let go off his feet where they were fixed firmly so that they hang down in the air floppily and parsimoniously, and then he flung himself up to this branch, winding and spinning himself to land on crooked and twisted-like hands and feet. Astonishing, wasnt it?

Bryant stared up at him right away, mad and incensed with himself. He had to do something about it. Real fast. Oh yes, he unquestionably had to. In no time, he had loped his way on the mammoth and unyielding branch where he was stationed, brusquely, till he had rocketed off his way up into the air to launch with good grace on that very matching branch where Busiku now stood, his hands extended out and fixed in the air droopily and with a loose knot like the wings of a grand bird, say an eagle. Goodness. When was this fiend ever going to at last lay down his arms? When in particular? From the look of things, it didnt seem like that was going to be any moment in-next-to-no-time, or was it? Not so, it seemed. 

Tightening his eyes promptly, Bryant heaved his sword up at Busiku yet again, hoping to shred him into halves from rib to rib if probable. His adversary flung himself high up into the air, twisting and snaking and slanting and arching his feet as he did so. Then, after the opponents sword had winged past him, he pulled out his feet so as to secure them both to either sides of detached but quite close-at-hand branches.

A bit delayed and belated, Bryants shocked eyes followed him up only for himself to be beat and banged hard with on-the-spot shock and foreboding. Damn. This was all going to be a little bit tremendously hard, wasnt it? One could for sure bet on that.

Growling and mincing his teeth irately, Bryant scampered off to hurl and cast his sword high up at his rival. It was all quick and rushed like. Busiku took his foot away from the one limb of an epic tree where it had been established so that he seized his position and secured himself in one piece to that other one oversize and bulky branch that he was right this moment on. Yes. Lobbing his hands back behind him in the baggy-like air, and arching his feet that other converse, rearward side, he reached and grasped the branch gamely and without much durable endeavor. With that finished, he tersely looked down at his fuming enemy whom he had just checked from killing him. Smiling a shrewd but conniving smile, he then hopped off the tree till he had in conclusion and ultimately launched down on the dried-up, indubitably parched ground. 

Damn. Bryant mulled at seeing that. He had to capture his foe and do away with his life. He had to. Oh yes, he certainly had to do that. And would he? 

In one snapping fast and correctly gauged leap, Bryant found himself on the dry ground beneath him not any far away from where his challenger was. Here the two exchanged ireful and distant glares, Bryants glare being utterly and in every respect fury-driven, while Busikus was not so wholly and completely wrath-driven. Oh yeah, it was to that bit of extent but then not exaggeratedly too much.

Bryant stirred first. Busiku stayed frozen for a little bit while. First, he placed his sword back into his sheath and removed two razor-sharp switchblades that were shaped and designed in a warped and turned style. The ends and silky-like looking surfaces of these blades themselves were brilliantly agleam and gleaming and flickering. Oh yeah. Enrapturing even.

The first blade Bryant let fly off at Busikuagilely and explicitly. It spun and snaked and burst its way in the slight air sternly and punctually. By pitching himself down to the ground in a rearward-like motionhopping off on his feet so that he began falling off to the ground flippantly and without stintingBusiku shoved out and back his hands, twisting and snaking them until his palm and also true with the heels of his feet, had smacked and spanked down on the ground real hard. 

What? Of course, Bryant was taking note of all these advancements and eye-arresting motions. Damn Busiku for it.

Reinstating back his remaining switchblade where he had removed it, Bryant scuttled one or two steps and then flung himself up into the air, revolving and spiraling as he went so as to launch down on Busikus belly itself, beating and pushing him down to the ground by so doing. Nonetheless, Busiku pitched himself down to the ground without any delaying at seeing him coming after him and he rolled himself away deftly and expressly, succeeding on to get as farther away from him as he could. Bryant arrived down on a bare but dry piece of ground with his stretched sword removed and shining this luminously and fantastically. He did not fritter away any time then but went on to look for Busiku until he had sighted and observed him. Damn him for everything that he was doing so well and so fine.

Flipping himself up into the air in that lying-down pose of his, Busiku established readied but backward-crooked hands and feet down on the ground. It was all so quick and incredible that even Bryant disbelieved that he was seeing all this and everything of it. Then with that through, he stretched out his leg, stirring it summarily and fervidly until it had stroke and battered his enemys face. Ouch. As incredibly painful as that was, the opponent stumbled back, weakened and juddering to some bit extent. Damn him for that again, he mused.

Baring his sharp teeth in a livid and menacing manner, Busiku made an incredibly fast stir again, one which Bryant only noticed and glimpsed in the sudden blink and twinkling of his eye; then, once he had in conclusion come to his senses, Busiku attacked, making sure that he wouldnt leave him in the forest alive and full of vigor. No, he unquestionably did not. 

Sickle. Suckle. Cackle. Busiku sucked away Bryant Stewarts breath, sapping him of all his oomph and verve and vitality. It was done this acutely fast and painfully slow. That was not what Bryant expected. But it was what Busiku did all of a sudden and unpredictably. Bryant could feel his lungs contract and shrivel up, like there was something large and very strong that had been fixed firmly tight abound his chest so as to pinch and compress him painfully. Oh yes, he thought about screaming but he could not get himself to do it. Why? He was perfectly helpless and fast losing his muscle. At Busikus eyes he gazed impassively, up till the second he was to the hilt utterly so out of breath and at long last dead and unconscious.

Wait a second. Was he really dead? First of all, what does it feel like to be passed away and lifeless? Pleasant? Awful? Maybe naught and zilch at all. 

There was no pain on Bryants part however. Not a crumb of it; not a splinter of it; not a sliver of it. Where had it all gone? He had no idea. You cannot see where the wind has gone, can you? Yes. The same is very true with pain. You can never tell, never see where it has gone. Except otherwise you areparanormal and beyond natural. In this case nevertheless, Bryant wasnt. No, he wasnt at all.

Drum. Throb. Thump. Bryant could feel and even hear his heart thrashing and pulsating to life. It all started slowly at first and then gathered speed and pace as time lapsed on. Next it was his ears. There was a buzzing and fizzling like sound reverberating inside them, fizzing and hissing lowly and inaudibly. He could hear it obviously and unambiguously. A signal that his eyes were on the brink of setting to toil from whatever mishap it was that had deadened them. The universe around him was pitch-black. All shadowy and murky and gloomy with no any starts to embroider and glitter resplendently in it. No, there were not any.

Shudder. Quiver. Quaver. It was his body that came next. And quaking he did from the acute and biting wintriness that incessantly stung its way past him. He vibrated; he juddered; and he wiggled in pain; he shook whats more. 

Rang

Voices, loud and not so obvious, seemed to call from somewhere in the dark forest about him. Hang on right here. How did he call to reminiscence that he was lying down helplessly and half-cataleptic in this one life-size and lightless forest? It just sprang into his mind out of nowhere. He remembered everything now. Not every bit of thing and aspect though. Yes, he did remember something. Oh yes, he did.

Rang

Who could be that one calling? Someone he was familiarized with?

Rang

The voices became louder and clearer. More plain as the nose on ones face even.

Rango!

Yes. That was what they were calling. Rango. And who was Rango in the first place? Was that a name for a human beingor something un-human? Say what, Bryant. WellI have no idea at all.

Rango!

Someone screamed from nowhere. A lady of course. Her voice was quite spiky and intense, like a knife that is slicing through your eardrum. Sharp and piercing. 

Drum; drum; drum. His heart was beating fast and faster. Drum; drum; drum! Faster and faster each fly-by-night, ephemeral moment. Drum; drum; drum! What could be the precise grounds of this?  Fear or what? Trepidation, it seemed. Apprehension of what? He did not even know it himself. Dread of the unknown maybe. 

There ensued steps. Footsteps to be clear-cut. Footsteps of who or what kind of thing? It was not evident. It could be a saint or an archangel. It could be an untamed and vicious wild animal, say a lion or a leopard or a cheetah, one that was just about to get through him avariciously and tightfistedly right this moment. But what of the screaming womans voice? Could a lion or a leopard or a cheetah shriek like a human woman? Maybe she was there, one human woman who had just seen it come to devour heror maybe himhmnnn, which was which here?

Carrie, someone spoke, a man with a high-sounding and brusque-like voice. He began trotting toward her, his feet crashing down and slapping the ground below. Carrie, what precisely is going on here?

Look whom I have discovered here, Alvin.

There was a transitory pause following that. He looks like he is dead, isnt he?

I dont knowI was also wondering if that is the case or not.

What do you think it is that might have come about to him?

I have no clue whatsoever.

We must let the others know about this. They must find out what is going on here. Watch over him while I look for Karl and the rest, will you, please?

I will, Alvin.

Good then. The man jogged away vigorously and hurriedly with thudding and bumping-like sounds that made the ground tremble and quake. All the while, Bryant was this silent and un-stirring, half-alive, and half-dead too. It seemed that he was inept to carry out any sort of motion and activity. Proficient of none at all. Probably so seeming. Most likely.  

`The murkiness didnt seem like it would give in to its bitterest foe and antagonist anytime soonlight itself that is. No, it did not seem so. It was everywhere, unfathomable and immense and seeming to have even gulped down Bryant himself to nonexistence. Was he still living? He wondered on certain occasions. Was he certainly going to live through this? Out of the middle of nowhere, everything he felt and experienced washed out to leave him in but a world of haze and nonbeing. He didnt even know what had come about to himself. No, he didnt. He mislaid it all suddenly and totally only for it to appear back at a later-on time.

With a fuzzy and flurrying-like sound, his ears went into action. Amazingly and suddenly, he managed to undo open his eyes for the first time. Yes. Gradually and bit by bit and at his own convenient speed. He opened them with great care and vigilance and peered atthem. Them? Yes, it was them. They were all gathered about him in the forest, their likeness being this vague and blurred and highlighted with obscurity to some scale. Yes, it sure was.

Bryant focused his gaze on one scrupulous woman. She looked recognizable to him. So familiar like she was someone he knew all his life, or was she? Her skin was in good physical shape and unblemished, her very long hair jet-black shiny-like in form. He looked at her attractive features and did his best to stir up any existing memory of her in his conscious. Did he really know her?

Surreptitiously and progressively, his strength began to ebb, and he could feel himself slipping back intounconsciousness. Oh yes, he for certain was losing his strength and potency. Gradually and assuredly. His concluding thought before he passed out was that she was Jordan. She could be her or she could not be her. It was inexplicable though. She could be her, she could not be

It was black once again and comatose-seeming. Black everywhere. But this was not any true in the forest where Anthony and Karl were, walking guardedly and on the hunt for that much-loved canis, Rango. Both men were dead-beaten and pooped to exhaustion. So drained and so done-in. All the same, they carried on with their hunt and restive search. Karl was not going to take a break and pull up his feet until he had discovered and come across his prized canis, Rango. Yes. He would enjoy no any beauty sleep until his creature was found and delivered safely. 

The air was swamped and overflowing with that sickening stench. Even Karl himself could pick up on it. To Anthony, it was but nasty and atrocious torture that he could not in any approach present keep away from. Ever since that never-ending swarm of squabble bats had winged their journey through the forest, destroying and wrecking it to ruin, he was cautious and wary not to smell anything. He just didnt wish to happen another time on that stomach-turning and mind-shattering scent. Oh no. It without doubt drove him to nuts.

Karl, you look worn-out to the hilt. I suggest that you have your break, will you, even for just a little bit while?

Not until after I have located my animal, Anthony.

Stop being obstinate, will you? It is not going to help out anything here. Besides, if you are so firm on keeping on with this, you might possibly get sick and that will be awful, my dear. You cannot let your canis down when it most needs you to be this alive and energetic. Or will you do just that?

You have a point there, I think.

It is a good and apt point as a matter of fact. Stop tormenting yourself and every one of us over this problem. That wont help out. Staying calm and stress-free certainly will.

It is well heard and understood, Anthony. Thanks for the valuable and useful counsel. It is in actual fact good to hear.

I am quite pleased to hear that. Seeing that I am handy to you makes me so relieved and in high spirits. After all, what are best friends for, huh?

You are right, buddy. Best friends counsel and help each other out. 

Under the shade of an enormous and gigantic tree the two both sat, silent and uninterrupted at first. Karl did his best to drift his thoughts away from his missing canis. Anything that might be of pleasurable and heartwarming rationale he would have entertained. Any form of contemplation. To his bitter disenchantment, the sting effected in his heart By Rangos loss returned to torment and afflict him. Damn it. When was he ever going to relish in peace and tranquility once again? He was grief-stricken and troubled and so dissatisfied with everything existing.

Rango. He had loved that thing more than anything else in this globe. More than his very own breath; more than his very inestimable self; more than anything in this sphere of ours that he had ever come to cherish and get stuck on; more than this world itself and anything that it could put forward for his deliberation and assortment. Rango. He was his soul mate in other words. His animaland not sexually bestialsweetheart. Damn it! The pain of his absence racked through his bone and flesh, shattering his yearning to press on with life itself and mincing him into an innumerable, dissimilar pieces that could not be reconciled with each other. 

 



CHAPTER SIX: THE REMINISCENCE

This was how Anthony sat: With his face directed ahead of him and overlooking the packed and thronged trees before him, he was deeply gone and immersed in his contemplation, thinking of what the future seized in store for him and his rival brother, Busiku. What lay ahead of them? Enmity and pain and death? Or peace and being and contentment? Wherever there was warfare going on, lives were for sure to be lost, and happiness and harmony marred and torn in shreds and totally shattered and wrecked. War was appalling, life-threatening, eternally tearing down and razing and defiling its victims in blood and misshapenness and endless slander and libel. 

War. The battle was not over yet on Busikus side. No, it was not. Not until he would see his brother buried dead and unresponsive and mangled and disfigured with blood and gore all over him.

***
It is night. Piercingly biting and glacial. Anthony enters the gloomy cave, vigilant and on the alert. This is where the enemy is hiding. His brother, Busiku. Tonight they must come to blows for once and for all. Tonight they must meet head-on and clash arms and exchange blows and scuffle and make every effort in their power and vigor until one of them is dead. And who will that be? Who exactly? Who precisely? Who?

I have been waiting for you arrival, dearly loved brother. There is a voice inside the cave, shrill and understandable and manful, and at overhearing it Anthony searches and scans about. He must find out where it came from. He must uncover that. Alas, lamentably even, he does not. How come? It is eccentric and inexplicable rather. Fairly bizarre and confounding. Danger is lurking just abound some nearby concealed corner. He can feel it. He can sense it. Oh yes, he surely can. 

Where are you hiding, coward?

You dare to call me a coward, dont you?

Yes, I dare to, Busiku. That is what you are. A damn and filthy and despicable coward who only hides and can never show his blatant face. That is what you are. An actual coward.   

You have gone too far wounding me, dont you imagine?

I dont care at allI am not supposed to give any slightest damn after all.

Tonight I am going to kill you. You hear that?

No, I am the one who is going to stop that despondent life of yours this very night. Oh yes, I definitely will.

Abruptly and without warning, he comes out from the gargantuan stone where he has been secreting himself. Alas, it is not any much far away from Anthony is now walking, glancing and looking about edgily. He jumps back at arbitrarily sighting his brother and then he heaves out acutely and profoundly, as if drained-mad. He hadnt alleged him to be there. Busiku could be unpredictable and capricious at times. He could be, of course. He starts after his not-much-alike twin, smiling and grinning all this cheerfully and sneakily. What is he up to now? What exactly? 

How pleasant it is to meet you once again, my precious brother! Do you have any idea of how much I miss you? How much I miss to see you wriggle and snake in pain? How much I long to see you suffering and expressing out grief and anguish from tremendous agony caused by my very own hands? Do you know how much deeply I miss to do all this and so much more to you? Do you?

What a fiend you are! Satan himself. A cursed and despicable creature you are.

Satan. You called me Satan, didnt you?

Yes, I did. And I can address you by that title yet again if you ask me to. Do you really like it? You agree that it suits you?

That title not only fits me, charming brother. It ensembles you as well.

I am not a Satan more like you are.

Yes, you are.

I am not. You have no any kind of clarification to sustain your allegation, do you, Satan?

An ill-fated and contemptible creature you are as well. Hapless and disgraceful creatures we both are. You see. There is no any real difference between the two of us except that you have been brainwashed by those preservers while I myself have stayed true to our nature and legitimate character. 

Hang on there, pea-brain, will you? No one has brainwashed me, you hear? No one at all. I am just what I am and what everyone of our kind should be like as well. You get that into your brainless head?

Busiku laughed out at the top of his voice at that. His was intractable and uncontainable and disorderly laughter. Yes, like he had lost his mind and had rapidly gone mad and rampantly bananas. Maybe he had, who knew; possibly yes; possibly not.

You do nit fit in with them. When will you ever come to grasp that, my precious brother. Your place belongs with me. With our breed, our race, our populace, our family, our realm and empireand not ever them. They are nothing but adversaries to you. Come back home so we can resolve all of our differences and conflicts. Come back, will you, please?

And if I say no?

You get what you are deserving ofwhich they themselves are deserving of and which you yourself would like to partake of out of your stupid unawareness and foolishness.

So be it, Busikuso be it I say. I would rather be at hostility with you and those that you have deceived than dispose of those who have stick up for me all this time, denying to be egotistic and self-seeking and cold-blooded and savage-like, just like you yourself are even now.

Bastard. At this word, Busiku scuttles and hurls himself at his brother, whacking his feet down so fast and then heaving them up to take to the air and bound off toward him as fast and expressly as he can. It is all this astonishingly fast and unexpected. Shocking and staggering even. But then Anthony is shoved over to this one vast and gigantic stone, smacking and whipping his back on it excruciatingly and rigorously. He is hurt; he is wounded; he is pain-stricken; he is scourged whats more. And in his pain and agony does he gash open his lips to groan and moan out vaguely loud and extremely pained. Damn, he thinks.

Moving his hand real fast, Busiku nabs him by the throat and bangs him brutally and belligerently against the stone-like wall. The colossal stone trembles and juddersa sign that it is no good assault and battering at all. He thumps and thrashes him against it over and over again until he is nothing but feebly and bushed and his vigor is drained and fast languishing. Damn, he assumes silently yet another time. It is all pretty bad and agonizing. If he wont do anything fast, things are likely to deteriorate. Most possibly.

Grating his teeth in vicious fury and rage, Busiku takes his now frail brother away from the stone and slings him over to topple down with his back on the flooring of the cave. As his back pummels down on the ground below, ripping and splitting the earth, he finds himself yelping out, intolerably and appallingly. This is all unpleasant. Oh yes, it sure is.

With blood tainted and marked on the side of his cheek, Busiku grins wickedly but gleefully, like Satan does when he has just taken into custody his victim and ensnared him and is now on the verge of setting upon him, or razing him in other words. That was what Busikus smile was like. Markedly iniquitous and exceptionally overjoyed and charmed on the other hand. Sighting it made Anthony shudder and sway from great dismay and foreboding. What was his impious brother up to now? What precisely? What exactly?

Do you still persist on being enemies with me, my sweet elder brother? Do you?

Yes, I do. You could kill me; you could torture me; and still, I would not ever change my mind about it. Do whatever it is that you feel like and which also seems to be right in your eyes, you impious, unholy, hard-nosed man.

The way of uprightness is the undemanding way for the pathetic and frail, dont you know, Anthony? Or havent you ever heard that saying at all.

Anthony, crumpling his brow and thinning his eyes irritably, replies tersely, I have heard of no such patent, unabashed lie of a proverb. I havent heard of any at all. 

You are an idiot, Anthony, you know that, right?

Having gained some bit of muscle and might, he picks himself up, first tweaking off himself on his feet so that he hauls the whole remainder of himself afterwards until he has taken his stand firmly and decisively. He now looks solid and bouncy to some trivial extent. To Busiku nonetheless, all he can make out in him is weak spot and infirmity. Yes. That is all that he can distinguish. It is all so plain and perceptible.

On the spur of the moment, Busiku whisks toward Anthony who forthwith bounds far away from him in a backward style and approach, ramming his curved legs and warped hands behind him so that he reaches his destinationhigh up on a compilation of vast stones inside the fire-lit cavewith his face sagged and bowed downwards. Yes. He arrives there in a very conscientious and cautious manner that sees him getting past any feasible hurt and damage unscathed. Goodness. Eversors and their quite so startling skills! Spectacular, wasnt it? 

Busiku glances up at his brother wrathfully and crossly. He abhors him more than he has ever come to detest anything in this world. Damn his sickening and grimy existence itself. Wont he just die and be no more? Wont he? Scowling and promptly making a nasty face to himself, he runs for a split second and then hops up in the air after him, yes, to that very cluster of gigantic stones that he now takes his stand on, unruffled-looking and unperturbed too. Once he has safely and soundly arrived, the two scowl and glare at each other, heatedly and feverishly.

***

He unstirred for a bit while. Anthony that was. He now had a batch lot of thinking to assess in his mind. He sure had a hell lot bunch of thoughts. And it all more often than not had to with Busiku. His bitterest enemy; his very own birth brother on the other hand. Asides from him, he had known no other bitter-most adversary. Why of all things did he have to have a blood brother for a rival? Why exactly? Why? As much as it spoiled his frame of mind and befuddled him, he could do nothing about it. Absolutely nothing at all. 







CHAPTER SEVEN: MEMORIES OF FREDERICK

While the sun gleamed and flashed lustrously and luminously, dispersing its resplendent rays to every angle of the bulking, monstrous forest, Anthony, sitted becalmly and unperturbed, with his back sloped and leaned on the trunk of a massive tree, thought back to those olden, portentous days that he procured his monarchial schooling and rehearsing in those perpetual and imperishable forests.

Roderick was his tutor and coach. The son of Reus. Busiku, his deary brother, had a non-identical preceptor and instructor altogether. Zandi was his name. 

With his cumbrous and massy dark purple hair, yeah, the one that was unwieldy and unmanageable every time that he sought to bring it under check and sway with a comb, Roderick was a man of budding might and vigor, his stature being imposing and stately itself, his countenance exacting and bristling and austere, his step and pace being meticulous and well weighed and reckoned.

He was a stone-blind man whats more. Sightless in unlike but self-same connoting words. His eyes were without shade and tint and pigment. They were mellifluously colorless, visibly glimmering and sparkling on top of that.

Anthony wondered a multifarious times how Roderick was fitted to see. Not that he did see and catch sight of anything. He did not. But he was talented and qualified to walk and accomplish almost anything that those who were gifted with eyesight and vision were able to. A chamberlain he was. One whose allegiance and business it was to look after the schooling and instruction of a particular kings son. He was the one who enlightened Anthony on how to put into action and ply his ingenuity and knack. Everything that Anthony had understanding of pertaining to his race and kind, it was Roderick the chamberlain who had made it known to him.

In the middle of the night. At the very dawn of uttermost blackness and nightly gloom, Roderick trekked the forest with a youthful Anthony trailing him behind, swathed and garbed in a very far-reaching and lordly-like claret robe whose end grazed and swept the ground below. It was so darksome that even Anthony agonized and strived to see. Yet there Roderick was, working his way through the benighted trees and augmented branches smoothly and evenly. There was an incontestable beyond natural feeling to him that Anthony couldnt just unravel. No, he could not.

Master, Anthony called him out, timid and timorous as he staggered his way blindly through the spine-chilling darkness. He could never tell if there was a serpent lurking by some pitchy corner to seize and strike at him. Maybe a giddy and vicious beast was preying on him from some spot that he couldnt make out.

Keep on following me, Roderick muttered quietly an d gently, his voice having a peculiar mannish bitterness and sharply sting to it. No doubt his was a deep bass accent and cadence. A knotty and genial one indeed.

Master, I cannot see where you are.

You cannot see where I am? Or you cannot discern anything at all, Anthony? Which is which, young sire.

Master.

Yes.

Where are we?

Pitch-black. Dingy and lightless. This was the accurate depiction of the site that Anthony was now at. He couldnt distinguish the trees or any object at all. What exactly was going on here? What exactly?

Abnormal and preternatural laughers began echoing and reverberating from every inky corner that Anthony could stiltedly see. He was confused. Bewildered even. Was this all reality? Of course, it was veritable realism and nothing else.

An owl screeched and hooted from an indiscernible tree: a snake whirred shrilly and hissed menacingly as it twisted and wound its way on an un-seeable tree; something snarled and gnarled brutishlya man-eating beast it could be.
Anthony trembled, juddering and shivering helplessly. This was all appalling. Gruesome indeed. At that note, he became terse and stiffened as a stone, un-stirring and immovable.

Out of nowhere, a cogent hand stirred and laid hold of him, proceeding on to tow and haul him away. When Roderick spoke, to still and lull to serenity his fears, he calmed down there and then, convinced and satisfied that he was now in safe and reliable hands. It seemed he was. At least for now he was.

The site was illuminated and lightened up with the lustrous half moon that was hovering up the mid sky, seemingly fixed and clinched to its present position. It was inconsiderable and petite and petty and wee-sized. About it were gigantic and steeply rocks from which one could trip farther down to hit and clash to his immediate death. As much as the place was considerably trivial and undersized, it was highly hazardous and perilous.

Where is this? I mean what is this place? Anthony inquired kindly and in a well-bred manner.

Roderick answered, This is where you will be receiving your training tonight. We are fighting here. Making use of the very best of our skills and knack. If I win, I will make you abstain from food for seven straight days. That will be your chastening and scourging. Or, if you like it better, I can have you build up a wolf kennel for me. A large and massive one in fact. One that is all replete and unbending metal. It is all up to you. If you triumph over me, you are safe and sound. Do you concede to these terms and conditions?

Anthony replied shakily. I do.

Roderick scowled at him immediately. He understood why. He was a man. Sixteen years old. In Rodericks judgment and conception, he assuredly was. And menwhether youthful or ageddid not ever have to succumb to terror and apprehension. Women were the only creatures that yielded quickly and readily soon. And this chiefly differentiated them from men, asides from their possessing wombs and breasts.

Before we start our fight, would you care to inform me one thing, master, a juvenile Anthony kindly asked a grown-up and vigorous looking Roderick. 

Yes, Roderick replied, and what could that be?

How is it that you able to see and sight things clearly accurate even if you have no working eyes?

Roderick relied on his ability to espy and behold the world as it in reality was, unflawed and unblemished. By this, it is not purported that our much-loved place of habitation is defect and fleck free. It is not. Through his great talent to undergo sensations and guileless feelings, he could with astonishing accuracy and exactness describe and characterize things as they were, without err and misjudge and misapprehension. His gift of sense was so virtuous and excellent, tiptop even, just like the eversors were able to smell things extraordinarily and remarkably.

All this, Roderick unveiled to Anthony, much to his astonishment and wonder. His ingenuity was that of every chamberlain too. Among the children of eversors were always born those who were markedly exceptional and alien; they had varying skin tones, contra-distinct characters and behaviors, but they without fail had cloggy and loaded and cumbersome dark purple hair. Chamberlains they were called. Laggard and recalcitrant.

With his face cast at the small boy before him, Roderick stood in an arched and angled style. The wind blasted past him, scattering and flailing wildly threads of his unwieldy hair. He had a waspish and irascible look to him. Yes. Like one who had learnt that he was going to stay in fetters and shackles and chains for a world without an end. Had he just come across that? Had he?

Anthony started first after him, lancing himself up into the air so as to launch a cogent kick into the sightless chamberlains face. He crooked his legs and tensed forward, deflecting and bowing himself down as he did so. 

Rodrick spun around where he was standing, whirling so fast and expressly that the wind blew on his hair and unbridledly hurled it off to the gallant boy, hitting and whipping him down to the ground real fast. Yes. That was all from Roderick, proficient to hurl Anthony down to the ground. There was not a downright touch or stroke from him. No, not a slight graze or brush or anything of the like. Not one. 

Anthony writhed and crawled up to his feet where he was. Straight-laced and embarrassed somehow, he looked up at Roderick, coy and shrinking. He must not lose this battle; he must not be defeated; he must triumph ultimately.

The wind reverted again to disguise Rodericks face with his cumbersome hair this time. Needless it was. For he did not make use of his face to behold the world about him. Not since he sucked his very first breath for the very first time. 

Anthony thrashed his way after him again. Deliriously and promptly. He flung himself up into the air, rounding and spinning himself so as to steer another callous and incorrigible kick into the masters face. With all haste like a bat from hell he flew his way, surreptitiously and slyly to the stone-blind manit seemed.

Roderick flipped his head left and right as abruptly and quickly as he could. His burdensome hair, compiled and garnered in one place, split up and broke apart and sundered, protracting and lengthening out in the process so that it quickened and pressed forward its way to Anthony who was high up in mid air. Suddenly and promptly, it smote and seized and wound over each of his leg. Then, with that done, Roderick stirred forward, thumping and boxing and knocking his head against a remedilessly falling Anthony.

Straight to the unclad ground Anthony tripped his way and in disquieting bitterness and twinge he snaked and twitched helplessly. God. Was this what life was all about? Anguish and affliction.

Yet again he found his feet, undauntedly and audaciously this time. His feet shook and twitched from the jagged, ragged throe that was racking and badgering them. Still, he did not cede or retreat back. He had to fight and win. He had to. There was no other accessible alternative. None at all.

Calmly and quietly still, Roderick took his stand, callous and unsusceptible looking. Anthony dreaded him. Yet he dared not manifest it. That unknown but existing otherworldly feeling about himit wrecked his peace and scared the living hell out of him. What could it be? What exactly?

Does my presence frighten you? Roderick asked coolly.

The reply was immediate and forced and un-veracious too. It doesnt.

What a pity! Because it should. If it doesnt, then there is something unsuitable and faultily about you. All eversors ought to fear those of my family. We are the overseers, we are the principals, we are the prerogative and latent behind your success and well-being. If you do not fear and revere us, then others shall not do the exact same to you. Oh yes, they surely will not.

Those emotions, once buried in the past, were back again. He couldnt explain them. He could only feel ands undergo. What did this always express? What exactly?

Are you okay? Karl questioned Anthony, analyzing and sifting him or his expression. All didnt seem well with him. No, it did not.

I dont know, Karl. I have these inexplicable and inconceivable emotions within me. It is all just impossible to make clear.

Is it normal? With your kind that is, to undergo such nature of predicament state?

I dont even know. I havent ever bothered to find it out from anyone.

The bees were a fierce and turbulent hive, spreading fast and winging their way agilely and briskly in the immeasurable forest. The whole distance was sonorous and deafening with their oft-repeated and unceasing buzzing, bustling-like sound. They moved their way unsparingly and undauntedly, striking at whatever thing it was that they found unbearable and insufferable, say a rhino or a giraffe. At their relentless raid the wild animals fled and ran away.

First, it was the drove of birds that flapped past them, screeching and shrieking in terror and warning. Only that the unsuspicious two did not grasp and comprehend their vernacular and slang style. 

Second, a collection of innumerable rabbits merged with mice and other miniature, in-their-natural-habitat creatures dashed past them and even crashing and colliding on them. It was all unbelievable and unheard-of and it happened so quickly and inexplicably.

Third, a populace of rhinos, without a herdsman or  herder, hurried past them without ever bothering to set upon them, and on it went, hooting and booing and stamping the earth so hard that an unending billow of dust shot up in the air forthwith and without delay. It seemed the entire forest had gone irrational and crazed.

Karl and Anthony stood up thereof. For a while they stared, puzzled and wholly startled. What could all of this spell out? Had the throng of squabble bats reappeared and reverted back again?

Shit. The idea of squabble bats taking wing through the infinite forest in their immense number and razing and devouring everything that they happened on affrighted and alarmed Anthony a lot. They were the worst ever catastrophe. And he didnt want to deal with them another time. No, not this too soon. 

While he was still soaked or taken up deep in his thoughts, contemplative and meditative looking, the hive of bees soared into his view, make-believe and meretricious looking.

As expressly as Karls eyes widened and stretched out, Anthony dropped his jaw conscientiously and suddenly, struck with unforeseen shock and seeming to not know what next to do. Shit. This couldnt be happening. It couldnt be true.

Karl turned around instantaneously and tore past the distanced trees as fast and scrupulously as he could. His heart drubbed faster and faster as he went, banging and pounding and punching and thrashing so loud that he could not overhear the tumultuous thwack, whack as if it were a stentorian and obstreperous sound from elsewhere. Or was it?

Sniffing and snuffing as quickly as he could, Anthony flared fully open his eyes, inhaling deep into his lungs the odor of the bees, which seemed not to be of a notable and presently known species, so that should he happen on them again, he would recognize and identify them without much fuss and pains.

Having accomplished that, he wheeled his way around, nimbly and apace, and then he accelerated forward for a short while so as to dart himself high up into the air, flying in other words.

On top of a bulky and enduring tree he lanced down, his eyes effervescing a dastardly and inconsiderable red, his feet and legs distanced and spaced apart from the other.

The perpetual drove of bees pressed forward after, buzzing and humming noisily. At discerning them, Anthony swooped down to a branch ahead forward. It was with keenness and rigor eyes that he advanced his way, thoughtfully and humanely. He didnt even know where it was that his comrade, Karl Avani, had set off to.

Unswerving and tenacious, Karl proceeded his way, gnarling and gnashing his teeth as firmly and stanchly as he could. He jammed his hands ahead and behind him, setting ajar his mouth and closing it up at the same time. Yes. He was ill-starred and afflicted as much as he was headstrong and dogged minded sortie of. Of course, there was no way he could renounce this up. He couldnt. Not for the inclination and passion of his much-loved life. Not for anything either.

Karl leapt past a rock. Agilely and promptly. Anthony frisked past a wee-sized tree onto a lofty and monstrous one. Unperturbed and unruffled.

The bees pressed and urged on their way, going after them both undeviating. Not that they were both fleeing away in the self-same direction. They were not. And neither of them knew were the other was.

Unsuspicious and gullible of anything, Anthony made his way to the verge of the forest, from where, there was no other portion of land on which he could continue on escaping on. No, there was not any at all save for a very large and bulking lake. Its water was a burnished and silvery-like blue. A glassy and polished blue to that was scintillating and glittery-like in the immense sunlight.

For a moment, Anthony came to a halt pause, reviewing and inspecting the boundless seeming lake with startled and confound eyes. He hadnt expected to come across this. No, he hadnt. What had he to do anyway? Jump his way down? It didnt seem a sensible thing to do at all. What then?

He stared behind him. And there they came, closer and more nearer, ticklish and hazardous things they were, ones that, once they would make it to him, they would not ever leave him living and unscathed. No, they would not.

He had no choice. But to jump. Yes. Farther down even. Down to the footing of the steeply and upraised land, where the huge and enormous lake did begin.

The first streak of bees made it to Anthony. He flung himself down, launching himself into the yielding air, and down it hauled and dragged him, down straight into the monstrous and elephantine-sized lake.   

The air was cool. Frigid even. But not exceedingly cold then. No, it was not. Its bleakness and frigidity, whipping and lashing through Anthony, made the downfall seem all the thrilling and exceptionally sensational to him. Yes. He enjoyed every bit of it, with his eyes closed, firmly and immovably, and his feet and hands stretched and pulled out.

It was the flogging and thwacking of the partly cold but much warm water that roused him to realism. Yes. It beat and pound the freaking hell lot of his fantasy and reverie out of him. 

He snapped his fully eyes open in the pleasantly warm water, staring and goggling aimlessly. It stung. But still, he did not give up scanning and examining about. All about him was mucky and somewhat muddy water, but then, it wasnt that despicable and groveling. No, it was not.

Bestirring his way actively and sportively and sprightly, Anthony headed his way up out of the water, starved and famished and in deep need of chock-full, replete breaths. If he wouldnt breathe now, he was certain to die. Yes, he was.

Drenched fully wet and moist, Anthony emerged his way out of the water to breathe in and out deliriously and rashly. He filled himself with much air as he could possibly take and handle. Yes. It was all that he needed to do right now. All he ever needed to do.

Just when he had lulled and tranquilized himself and his fears, danger rose up the second time. No. It was not the hive of bees this time. But rather, a crocodile, weight-some and enormous-looking, that hastened its way after him speedily and readily. Of course, it was settled and stanch on devouring and chomping him up. It assuredly was.

Cowering back in fright and awe, Anthony stretched wide his eyes, terrified and greatly alarmed at the same time. On top of the water he hovered and fluttered and wavered, staring vulgar-faced at the gruesome monster that was working its way toward him agilely and promptly, sinking itself down into the water a little bit lower so that only its eyes were left out on the alert guard.

Anthony whirled around as quickly and sprightly as he could.

The crocodile sank farther down, immersing its eyes into the sully water and lastly its tail. When Anthony turned again toward it, lashing his way through the water gently and with arduous effort, he was terrified to discover that it was nowhere to be sighted. Meaningit was somewhere an inch or so away from him.

At the lapse of that thought, something arose into view from his back. No, he did not see it. He only overheard the water streaming and running down back to the lake from its peradventure wet body with splashing, spattering like sounds. It had to be the damn crocodile, he speculated.

Just as he was about to turn around from where he was now taking his stand on, the level of the water reaching somewhere about his arms, the thing went into rampant and hasty motion, lashing its burly tail so as to strike and whack him down into the water again.   

Down he swashed his way into the misty and cloudy-like water, twirling and spinning uncontrollably as he advanced his way. The crocodile dipped itself down after him as well.

Anthony was heavy with panic. He had to do something. Quickly. He had never wrestled with a crocodile before and now he had encountered one. And how exactly was he going to handle and manage it, all on his own without someones aid and assistance? How exactly would he go about this?

The crocodile clenched and closed tightly its teeth on his right foot, no, not as in incising and chopping it up. It bit him so as to attack him well without any impediments or hindrances. He moved after it instantly, stretching his hands and hatching out ridged but sharply claws from them with which he grazed and scraped the hard-scaled skin of the reptile, slashing it and having it lose plenty of blood as a result.

The reptile deserted away from him momentarily, keenly pained and excruciated. It was measureless and illimitable and mountainous agony and anguish. Still, it did not give up on its prey.

The instant it had set its knife-edged teeth free from Anthonys foot, blood had issued out from his wounds and the sharply pricks themselves, blemishing and soiling up the shabby waters whats more. 

       




CHAPTER EIGHT: fiend

Out of breath. Vulnerable. Struck with awful pain. Anthony whisked his way in the water, efforting to flee as far away from the grotesque and atrocious reptile as he possibly could. If he would delay, there was no qualm that it would draw closer to him over again to raze and eat him avariciously. And that, he didnt ever want to see come about. No, he didnt. Not at all. Thus he took off without any setback. For his very much treasured life that is.

Speedily and in a hurry, Anthony twirled his way to go with the flow clumsily and as he glanced back temporarily, lighting up his eyes so that he was able to see plainly without any complexity, he made out the crocodile as it moved toward him in spite of that nerve-racking and hideous pain that he had caused it. Of course, he had to face it and come to blows with it. Paying no attention to it just like that would be very much risky and ill-advised.

The crocodile undid its mouth for a second time to devour and crunch him up with its fierce, jagged, barbed-wire-like looking teeth. This was no good signal at all. Having seen it unbolt its mouth entirely and every inch ajar, Anthony stirred after it hastily, carrying on get his way into its belly in the ticking of one bursting swift second, and while there, he brought into being prickly, razor-sharp claws from his hands with which he assaulted and mangled it.

The battle was ferocious and appalling. Blood dispersed its way throughout the entire water in swirls and whirlpools and eddiesnot as in the complete lake in particularand in the ogres belly he revolved and rotated his way, clawing and pawing the mammoth crocodile that from its gigantic bulk alone seemed like it could perhaps consume and ingest two fully developed human men and assimilate them without experiencing any snags and hurdles at all. Of course, it had to gulp them in their entirety and not as some munched, chomped, nibbled up bits and tads and pieces. Not that.

By the time that he surfaced his way out of the lake, Anthony was all this blood-spattered  and gory and bleeding. Frail and dog-tired even. He materialized out of the water first. And the crocodile went after him, floating floppily and droopily on the face of the water with wide-opened eyes that we so stationary and un-stirring it could by a hair's breadth move at all. It stared at him impassively and vacuously and he gawked back at it, frantically seething and riled. Damn it to hell!

This was not the first time ever that Anthony had exchanged blows with a wild beast and overpowered it. More than one occasion he had met the leopard eye to eye and grappled and fought with it till its eventual decease and demise. There was this diversion of sport widespread among children of eversors where they set off into the very depths of the forest to stalk out wild animals there, animals that typical human beings wouldnt otherwise mess about with, and these, they wrestled and battled with till they had left them dead and spiritless. That was what life was like for an average eversor. Seeking out peril and crushing it in the very end. If you were not that strapping enough to make it ineffective, it would surely subdue you in turn. 

Just when he had thrashed about his way out of the lake, and he had sat down on its shoreline to look at its blue dazzling and glittering water in the glittery sunlight, Karl, who was walking about the forest in a twitchy and fidgety exploration and hunt for him, espied him where he was and without indecision went briskly after him.  

His pleasantly and appealing scent first knocked him in the nostrils, making him see him as he made his way toward him surreptitiously and meticulously. Karl, he straight away called out his name. Karl Avani. We come across each other yet again, dont we?

Yes, we do, Anthony.

Hmnnn. If I told you that I slaughtered a crocodile this afternoon all by myself would you accept it as true?

There is nothing about your kind that I find too impracticable and fictional to believe. 

What do you mean by that, hmnnn?

What I mean to say is that you are not human and that is to be anticipated of you. If I were in your shoes, I would be capable of slaying any deadliest creature that has ever crawled the face of this Earth. That is all I mean to say.

Your expectations concerning me are too high then. Way far too high. It is spot-on that I am not human, but is not so true that I am capable of the everything godly and Divine-like. No, I am not, Karl.






CHAPTER NINE: out of the blue

A million trees later. Busiku was there with his army. Some of his forces ran down on bare feet. Their speed was excessive and immense that they came into sight and dropped out of view the next moment as they sped their way through spacious plains that were filled with rocks to some large extent. Some of his fighting men flew in the high-reaching trees above, launching on unwavering branches on steady hands and feet, and capering their way to the following tree and so on and so on.

Of them all, Busiku was the fastest and most skilled. He sprang in the trees with minor, if barely no any hurdles and complications at all, and he grabbed and nabbed firm branches expertly and effortlessly, setting down his feet on the branches extending beneath him and hurrying and hastening along them with unbelievable swiftness and practisedness. 

At last, having scampered past a very long branch, with his feet moving up so that the tip of his heels grazed and stayed on each of his buttocks, and his hands stretching out as though he was a bird on the proximity of flyingBusiku sprang his way up in the air, flying to be exact, and he grounded down on uncovered and straightened feet on this one vast and grassy plain.

There was a stream flowing its way on the border of the forest on this boundless plain. Trees encircled it in all directions, with the ones far ahead of him being very close to each other and crowded heavily. They were not taller than the ones that he had left behind.

Steadily but mindfully, he ran a distrustful eye on the windy plain. There was nothing that hid itself in the swaying grass. That, he could sight evidently; and even painlessly smell.   

With astonishing fleetness, the men following him sprinted into sight, those who were jumping in the trees after him hopping their way high up into the air to launch down not any farther away from where he took his firm stand.

Busiku turned towards them slowly and unhurriedly. He scanned them all silently, his eyes being expressionless and passionless. The men looked back at him cheerfully and readily.

Are of you present here? He asked them tediously and listlessly, his coal black eyes lingering at the wide forest behind him.

There was no longer any men to bolt into his view. Neither were there any to hop into sight. 

As Busiku observed this, he sniffed for the scent of any living men who were going after him. There were not any. All of the men had gathered before him on the vast plain, quietened and un-stirring and organized in an orderly manner.

He numbered them. They were nine-hundred and sixty two of them. All frightened and very much still in throbbing alarm. Yes, there was not one of them who was not affrighted or daunted in any way. Not even one.

Fear not, Busiku orated to them. The battle is mine to win. And for our enemies to lose. We may have failed, but we have not been really unsuccessful. We may have been overthrown, but we have not totally been crushed. 

Victory will very soon be ours. Very, very soon. That, I can assure you. Our enemies are nothing but weak humans. They are partly human and partly stronger than ordinary human beings are. The preservers. We detest them. For they are nothing but serious impediments and vices to us. The worst ever kind of hurdles and vices.

Fear not, my men. Victory will shortly soon be ours. Brusquely, verily soon, I must

He stopped on that note all of a sudden. Something was not right. Seemingly. First, as wind flurried past him, even spreading away threads of his chestnut dark hair off his face, a heavy scent, severe and strong, oozed into his nostrils. Second, as the scent streamed down his windpipe and entered its way momentarily into his lungs, which inflated and swelled at that point, the source and identity of the whiff was processed and confirmed in his brain. It was Anthony, his rival brother and worst ever enemy.

Busiku puffed up his eyes at realizing that. While a yet stronger wind ran in his direction, the men before him, who were astound and bewildered by his sudden behavior, smelled it and became aware of what was going on.

Anthony was not alone. Seven more individuals were moving with him and together they were eight. The small company was headed right in their direction with ravenous and fierce canis accompanying them. This, Busikus men could easily tell. Even though they could not device accurate and definite pictures of what the actual scene looked like.

Anthony, from where he was running in the forest, realized that Busiku had only just become aware of his presence and advancement toward him. The two brothers met eye to eye in spite of the countless trees that separated them and the wide distance between them too. Anthony saw him standing there on the grassy plain, his attention and severe gaze being settled in his direction, the wind that flurried past him waving his long slightly-brownish-and-somewhat-reddish-but-overly-dark hair behind him. And the emotions that were expressed in his eyes Anthony could not fail to read them. Hatred and intense perplexion.

On the spur of the moment, Busiku faced his thronged men. He shouted to them, We are under attack as you have all noticed. We will fight and not retreat in spite of all that we have recently underwent.

The scent of the coming preservers drew closer and closer, making his men cheerless and miserable. They all tensed, their eyes stayed on the east where the scents were arising from.

Busiku noticed their anxiety and fear. And they began to mumble and prattle among themselves. While he was looking at them, a blast of wind ran past him once more and scattered his hair skywards behind him.

Without him issuing any direction, his men spun away on their own and forthwith fled. They ran in their hundreds frightenedly and hastily.

Stop! Busiku cried out after them.

No one of them listened.

I said stop!

The swarm of men stubbornly pressed forward, yelling and bellowing to themselves.

Busiku narrowed his scarlet-flashing eyes irately. Had they gone maniacal and mentally distracted? Or were they obeying someones else orders? Perhaps Anthonys? 

In the course of one irritated and careless thought, he reasoned to kill them all by seizing away their breaths, which he dared not undertake. The men were still of great use to him. All that he needed to accomplish was to strengthen and invigorate them, and then with that carried on, he would use them to destroy the preservers that wanted him dead and to ultimately strip Anthony of his power and protection so that her would in the very end kill him.

With glittery coal black but excessively annoyed eyes, he glowered silently at his fleeing men. Ahead of them, unseen in the forest as the high and closely packed trees were veiling them, Carrie and Thomas and Alvin ran toward them, four canis coming after them quickly and observantly.

As the three ran, their hair whipped in the air behind them, swaying this direction and waving that other. They all held long arrows, located to bows, whose peaked heads had been tarnished with a highly inflammable substance and which was even now aflame.

While they sped, the persisting flames on the heads of their arrows fluttered backward as if to touch and burn them, which they all did not in any way conceivable .

With attentive and exacting movements that duplicated the others, the subtle three came to a halt in the same line on the same spot and at the exact time, and, leveling their arrows up at the nearby trees, they swapped quick glances at each other and let their arrows fly off the next moment.

Speedily and fleetingly, the arrows flew straight up in the sky toward these trees, orderly and readily without making any slight sound. They whirred in the air to be precise, quietly and hushedly.

Quack. Like a duck bellowing, the arrows stroke on the summit of thoroughly tall trees and within a few moments these trees were afire. The flames that ignited on them swelled and extended so as to progress on to the neighboring trees. And as the trees were very crowded, the fire spread on at an even faster and effortless rate.

Carrie and Thomas and Alvin paused to stare up at the extending fire, which crackled and sizzled and fuzzled as it made its fleeting way on from tree to tree.

It is moving so quicker than we looked forward to, Thomas commented.

Carrie frowned, knitting her brows. We must leave before it consumes us as well.

After she had said that, Alvin looked at her impulsively and emotionally. She is right, Thomas, he declared. Let us get moving away from here.

Thomas lifted up an eyebrow, straight-faced and disgracefully trounced . If you insist so.  

At that, the three spun around and left, running as quickly as they had first come. The canis followed them, yowling and barking out vociferously and uncontrollably. 

And while they sighted the scattering fire high above the huddled trees that were ahead of them, Busikus men, breaking off from their flight all of a sudden, overheard the noisy yowling and barking of the canis in the spacious forest before them. They tensed, with some of them backing straightaway from where they had took their stand on.

What is that? Said the man who was ahead of the others. He was robust-looking and nice-looking with short dark hair fluttering as wind ran past him. And surely, he could smell the three individuals who were running away in the forestwhom he suspected to have started the fire.

They are blocking us, said the tall and heavily muscular man who was stationed behind him. 

The robust and fairly handsome man behind him voiced the words out, I dont know. But it seems to be terrible. Awfully terrible I can tell.

As if framing the figure of a cows hornit being an unmistakable circle but not a complete onethe tireless and unceasing frames extended, burning and charring those trees that were especially crowded. And as such, they blockaded the only way of escape accessible to the panicky eversoric horde. 

What do we do? Asked the powerful but well-proportioned man who stood ahead of the others. He turned around, looking every inch bothered and panicky.

He was talking to the inflexibly-muscled man behind him, who responded to him with distinct and hearable words, and as such, the others could possibly not hear what he expressed to him. We have no choice but to fight back. We must wrestle back if we dont want to lose any of our precious lives. Exchange back blows we must.

The two men continued their conversation:

Grapple back?  

Exactly.

But we are not prepared for this. And what if we lose?

We cannot help it, dear. That is our one and only choice. There is no other.

The strong and elegant-looking man, nonchalant and disconcerted, looked straight at his far-away lord, Busiku, who unquestionably stood facing and glowering him.

From the forest behind Busiku, Karl and Nolan and Ryan emerged, Karl being in the middle, and Jordan and Anthony following them lastly. The five seized arrows whose heads were afire, and they pointed them at the innumerable host of five men. 

Even though he did not stir or move, Busiku, merely by smelling them, saw them. Karl was the one who darted to go straight after him, racing with long, purposeful strides, which were not retarded or interrupted by the rocks beneath him.

He narrowed his eyes directly.

Busiku pinched tight his too.

His movement being wayward and headstrong, Busiku spun around in the twinkling of an eye. The chilly breeze hit him in the face and flailed his hair about. He tossed off unsteady threads from his face only to see Karl releasing his arrow at him.






CHAPTER TEN: crack of the blood-spattered dawn

The arrow flew with deadly and breakneck speed, the flames that were existent on its head becoming more intense and very much fervid.

Busiku could see its progression explicitly with every inch of movement that it made, and each slight motion and dancing of the flames he kept under observation as well. All that he had to do was to distinguish its scent and then faithfully trace it. Which he unswervingly did.

As the arrow drew near him, he extended his hand and took hold of its end so as to hinder its burning head from spearing him in the facebetween his two eyes, that is.

Karl looked at him, dazzled and stripped of any words and thoughts.

Busikus eyes bore straight into his.

Having not planned it at all, he shoved the flaming head of the arrow into his mouth and began chewing it in spite of the bursting and sizzling that occurred inside his mouth as unceasing saliva met and came to blows with the arrows flames and moistened and drenched them.

Karl blenched at the sight. If anyone at that moment would have made it clear to him that his enemy was not a human being, he would have instantly believed him or her. Or, if that would not have been the case, he would have doubted his eyes and never trusted the vision before him, which he deemed as being too unthinkable and impossible. Or wasnt it?

When Busiku removed the arrow from his mouth, the fire on its head had been quenched and extinguished. And as he did so, exceeding smoke and steam rose up from his mouth. He did not seem to be burnt or injured additionally. 

Watchful and conscientious to Karl, Busiku tossed the arrow farther away. It thumped down on the rocks with a short-lived tinkling soundand that was it.

Karl stared at him distastefully. And before he knew it, he was heading toward him, letting go his bow in preference of a curtailed but pointed silver sword. It glistened in the abundant sunlight as he went his way, heady and fearless.

Busikus eyes narrowed even more. He was ready to attack back and even overpower him. Which, he swore to himself that once he would accomplish, he would without hesitation or a second thought stab him with his very own sword, piercing tremendously into his stomach and hacking and shredding off his intestines into stomach-turning, gory-like pieces. Yes, he would definitely kill him without fail.

THE END!







AUTHORS NOTE DOWN

Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising. 

The Bride Who Murdered Her Groom. 

Two such dearly loved fairy-tales of mine, that amidst distressing misery and racking anguish and continual adversity, I have with anticipation and despairingly hugged in my arms and embraced and was so passionate about as much as I have ever come to love anything else. Two stories I have so much enjoyed and became thrilled about just to craft and also to delicately fashion them up.

I am extremely in huge debt to Arnold Schwartz for that cherished and esteemed review of his. I wasnt expectant to find out any review that morning when I in my cluelessness surfed through the Smash-words site and came across it. One review it may be thus farit has made all the difference and distinction to having no any appraisal at all for my second episode of Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising. If you feel like giving my freebie your damnedest best sincerest opinionbe it a thumbs-up or a thumbs-downyou are welcome and all the time liberated to do so. I will be appreciative of it if it is quite complimentarily candid but a bit tad flattering. If it is awfully ghastly and appalling still, that is not the ending of the world for me, or is it?

Nonetheless, thank you all for reading my work. I am indebted to every posh moment that you have spent wading through my invention. 

I anticipate that you have taken some form of pleasure in reading this tale so far. A chronicle I have strived for and horribly groaned in ache and twinge just to make it see the light of online publication. Yes. I had no broadband internet tie-back then. No computer. And I was comparatively based far, far away from my delusional Western-urbanized literature world. It stung my heart so bad all these disappeared six years that I scribbled word after word, chapter after chapter, episode after episodetoils and labors that seemed to be all in vain and not worth any darn effort at all. All my life, ever since I first began writing fictional stories at age thirteen, providentially of which my aunt, Clera Moole, went through insatiably and even offered some of those ink-printed-on-paper (pen written that is) material to our branded neighbors to read, I have given in almost all forms of societal activity and distraction just to do the one and only thing that I love the most in this worldwhich without uncertainty is reading and writing.  

Too bad, I havent found anyone here as much as literature gripped as I am. I mean my countrys literature flavors are not that first-rate and exceptional. My best ever wish right now is to be at some place deeply and sincerely hushed and noiseless to read and write and furthermore to pass through to that world where I can bond and take pleasure in the sweetest companionship of those that are very much involved in the very things that I myself presently am insanely mad about to the furthermost hilt and core. Say attending book fairs, conventions, workshops, or just about anything literature and publishing correlated. Thank God, the presence of the internet is highly of assistance to an ever forlorn, friendless (not that I have no any friends), eerie-seeming-to-the-innumerable-eyes-out-there and very much European-swayed contemptible me. But then, I am commonly lonesome for a reason. So I can read and write. To me, that is what I cannot do without in this life of mine. Yes. I am sociable and fairly welcoming. But I would rather be killed and be stark dead than live without my excitement and enthusiasm of books and any other published material. 

For my love of literature, I am both a reviled and especially a vile breathing thing in the myriad eyes of many here. Idonotgivea--damnaboutthatextremedislikeatall! My obsession of literature and its hobby fills so many gaps and rifts inside me that could otherwise stay unfilled and make me pretty darn miserable all life long till the day that I shall eventually breathe my last. Hollywood is my chief motivation of my writing. The scheme of writing and putting in plain words things that wield and brag a cinematic tang and flavor intrigues and fascinates me so much more. Yeah, I have worked hard on improvising that dexterity for years now. I am still working untiringly and diligently on it.

If I have no literature and Hollywood, I am as good as dead boring. What do I mean by this? Just how do these two dissimilar things draw a parallel?

First, I am a writer by nature. Literature ought to beand even now ismy zeal. In order for me to be a good quality writer, I must identify with and also be familiarized with its constituents and elements. Not that I am the most excellent and most gifted and unsurpassed writer in the entire sphere of the human race. I am not. I never am; and I never will be one such. Like everyone else, I am here to be taught and do everything characteristically and as it should be. That is just it.

Second, without Hollywood being there, all my stories and even the manner of my narration would not be what it now is. Some local-based people who read my work online while it was yet on Face-book where I posted it asked me, Is this a book or a movie? 

I replied, It is a book and not some screenplay stuff as it may sound like. It may read like a movie only because as I picture up everything in my mind before writing anything, it comes to me all in this cinematic form and I want to retain thatsay Stardust-likened formthroughout when I am translating it to paper. 

For these sole reasons, literature and Hollywood are my cocainical obsessions. I want to be a good writer by literature principles. And I want to give my work that Hollywood sense and tang to my readers just like the industrys movies are quite appealing and mind-entrancing. Literature; and Hollywood. They are what shape my individual writing life and my work itselfliterature and Hollywood.

I have been laughed at like crazy for aspiring to be a writer. At first everyone thought it would be a fruitless venture on my part that would fizzle out with time. I have been labeled a harebrain for sitting all day long in my chilly and inhospitable bedroom, scrawling and scribbling up stories and immersing myself in nonstop studies and book scrutiny. The social life has not been much of my mania. This has been. 

I do cackle up as well on the other hand. Why? Through all this lonesome and companionless process, I am finding my great joy and furthermost pleasure. Nothing else in the world can give me this. Yes. I may be missing a great deal lot out there. But I achieve something from all this, dont I? The state of literature ecstasy, stretched escapism, and my castle-in-the-sky reveriesall this I cannot afford to mislay at all. Simply put, I find it irresistible being an author and a writer altogether. I wouldnt swap it for anything in this full-size, well-off, and all the time full of zip world of ours. No, I would not.

 So that is it. My writing thing and recreation has but pulled towards me scorn and derision; my Hollywood passion and mania has been a magnet to me for abhorrence and detestation for my being too Western and European-seeking and foreign enjoyingthings that allegedly make me uncompromising to my home social order of pressure and demands. In other words, these things by all accounts make me fit nowhere everlastingly. And I dont fit in anywhere perpetually all thanks to my too-much white seemly tastes and activities and whatever it is that you can call think up in your hush-hush mind.

No wonder, I now build these unrealistic worlds of mine to entirely and verily immerse myself where it is that I truly belongheart and soul comprehensive. The world of reading and writing and remarkable inventions. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my world, my very own creation, our very own satisfaction. For this design I have and still do continue to face extreme dislike and derision and meandering assaultno express bodily harm inflicted to any existing parties though. And for this making, I have and at all times shall keep on to fighting back all opposing folks that seek to cut short and put a sudden end to my sweet-most reveries and in vain do they do their very best to achieve that. I have always adored and treasured most things European-correlated and I shall continue on loving them till my ultimate death. Read I shall. Write I shall. Till death do us all apart.   


ALSO BY THIS AUTHOR


DEAD BY DAWN: THE EVERSORS ARISING EPISODE ONE

Jordan Sampa Valesquez is a preserver, whose obligation it is to shield the imperiled human race from its mortal adversariesthe eversors. They are human-looking yet capable of transmuting into horrifying and unnatural beasts, as well as an indisputable menace to mankind. For centuries, her kind conceived that they were extinct. Which was never true at all. To her shock, she learns that the eversors breed has survived all these prolonged and quiet years, sustained by a body of Jewish scientists, who piously studied them, believing that their blood had ability to heal any fatal illness. Lucklessly, they have at last fled from their underground retentions. If they are not pursued and butchered fast enough, an innumerable number will cease to live. For they are a carnivorous species that ever feeds on human flesh and blood. Relentless and unsparing.

DEAD BY DAWN: THE EVERSORS ARISING EPISODE TWO

Jordan Sampa Valesquez and Anthony are a step away from certain death when they are rescued by the Moori preservers, habitants of the Moori forest. They become confident that they are in every sense protected, which turns out to be wrong. With regard to the Moori river, fraught with never-ending and gleaming streaks of diamonds, division arises among the tribe. Native Indians, directed by Karl Avani, and non-Indians, led by The Gays family, clash in a contest to secure dominion over the wondrous site. And when non-Indians are overpowered, yet still incensed and highly ambitious, they resort to endorsing an alliance with the eversors. Who are mankinds worst ever enemy. And whom Anthonys rival, Busiku, is ruling. Very much intent on killing his twin brother. Who is Anthony without doubt. The two conjoint forces set upon the outnumbered Indians and Jordan and Anthony, their treaty being unquestionable and unshaken on one point: Assist us to overcome our unyielding opponents; so that you will not only obtain a dividend of the diamond river; but moreover be aided in slaying your brother, Anthony. And not only that. You will as well carry off the immensely lovely Jordan to matrimony. And with this conformed to, war sees the light of the dayhorrid and bloody. Survival, to Jordan and Anthony, has never been this unusual and extremely wearying; and death, it is evident, is just a step away once more.

THEREAFTER: A DEAD BY DAWN CHRONICLE

A cut-short sequel clarifying the events that come about just after the novel, Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising, comes to an endingwhich also happens to be the first book in a possible and planned series of fivethis chronicle uncovers the death-dealing war and snare about to storm upon Jordan Sampa Valesquez and her team of preservers in the forthcoming second book of the Dead by Dawn series. The author has included excerpts of his two novels whats more; the first two chapters of his currently published novel, Dead by Dawn: The Eversors Arising; and the first two chapters of his YA paranormal romance which will be released this October 2014, Killing Alex. This chronicle itself will be evermore and eternally free. Make sure that you snatch it for your unpaid and unreserved reading comfort and enjoyment!

THE BRIDE WHO MURDERED HER GROOM (SEASON ONE) EPISODE ONE

Beautiful and sharp-witted, Sophia Solochiblamelessly eighteenunderstands that she must not ever fall in love. If she does, any peculiar man she has adored will not live what will befall him. In unquestionable words, he will die. Fast. Surely. And frightfully. Why would he perish, you may marvel? Sophia, also true with her female descent, is cursed. Any lad whom she falls for is destined to yield up his ghost in her very own arms and care. When she moves with her mother to Brownton to begin a fresh and unimpaired life, far away from their ancient calamities and sorrows, the worst things imaginable happen to them. Sophia cannot resist falling in love with Alex Ramirez, a strikingly handsome but in-a-short-time to-be Engineering postgraduate at Brownton University. Here, whilst pursuing a Fashion and Designing degree, she furtively repeats the self-same pursuit and engagement that effected insufferable agony and bitterness in her bygone days. Falling in love is extremely perilous, she will learn. Unreasonably and drastically dangerous.

THE BRIDE WHO MURDERED HER GROOM (SEASON ONE) EPISODE TWO

Danger has unveiled its face again. Abruptly and unexpectedly. Kris Ortiz and her young-at-heart daughter, Sophia Solochi, know that they cannot settle jointly any longer. Not if they extremely value and prize their inestimable lives above any worldly thing conceivable. In its ominous face and heartless midst the charismatic two split ways to never be as one again until it is secure and not-so dangerous for them to bond anew. Irreproachable looking and unusually  good-looking and dutiful, Sophia finds herself under the care and custodian of an incredibly handsome and smart young billionaire, Alvin Morgan, who cannot help but stay in awe and also fall powerlessly spellbound by her sheer presence. She has got a sly feeling that he desires her and would do just about whatever thing in the world to be with her. If that is true, her lot is turned for the most awful then. Cursed she is; and fall in love she must ever not.


FINAL NOTE: Off to toil on episode three of Sophia Solochi and Alex Ramirezs love chronicle I set off!

