




Love To the Rescue 






ShapeShifter Seductions Presents: 

A Flash-Scene Novel 


by 


Pat Cunningham 

Savanna Kougar 

Rebecca Gillan 

Solara Gordon 

Serena Shay 





~~~~~~ 



When Ewan Carter gets kidnapped outside a bar by a group of werewolf hunters, he doesn't expect to find his mate among his captors. 

Maureen Starkey didn't expect to fall for the handsome coyote-wolf shifter. Neither expected to run into a mad scientist and his mutant mammoth monster. 

But it's just another romantic week in the shapeshifter, supernatural town of Talbot's Peak, Montana. 


~~~~~~  


An Action-Adventure Paranormal Romance, on the sensual sweet side, except for the down and dirty cussin'. Shifters and Weres of every type and stripe abound, along with the Supernatural crowd like witches and demi-gods. 

But beware! There's a convergence of Monster Hunters and fearsome vile monsters eyeing those who live in Talbot's Peak. 

Meanwhile, the Tiger Yakuza is vying for control, battling Damien Hancock, the founder of Talbot's Peak. A werewolf alpha-thug, he is also in competition with his youngest son, Dante, the well-loved owner of the Pleasure Club. To stay in power, Damien funds a brilliant but mid-shift mad scientist. 

And watch out if you decide to visit. Maddened beasts lurk in the deep dark forest. They run and hunt in the tall grass prairie as well. And yes, some of them would enjoy you as dinner. 


~~~~~~~ 


Copyright  2014 
ShapeShifter Seductions Authors 
All rights reserved 


SHAPESHIFTER SEDUCTIONS 

http://shapeshifterseductions.blogspot.com 


~~~~~~ 


Publisher: ShapeShifter Seductions Authors 

Cover Artist: Sarah Shogren 


~~~~~~ 


This flash-scene novel has 'not' been professionally edited. So, have a good laugh at our expense. 


~~~~~~ 


NOTE: These originally written flash scenes are offered as a free read. HOWEVER, all 'originally' written materials featured in this flash fiction novel are protected under copyright. Any use of part or all of this material without the express written permission of the ShapeShifter Seductions' authors is an infringement of personal creative property and subject to legal action. Any use of this novel for commercial and/or other business purposes, as in offering the book or parts of the book for sale, is prohibited and subject to legal action. Any use of this novel or parts of this flash fiction novel for any manner of media presentation, by any one person or a group of persons is not allowed, and is also subject to legal action. 


~~~~~~ 


This is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents and dialogues in this book are of the authors' imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is completely coincidental. Except where indicated. 


~~~~~~ 


Dedication 

To PBS, which ran a program about the Eastern coyote, or coywolf, which helped my characterization of Ewan immensely. Who says research has to be boring? ~ Pat Cunningham 


~~~~~~ 





Chapter One: 
Who Ya Gonna Call? 

By Pat Cunningham 

Just goes to show, you're not safe anywhere. One minute Ewan Carter had paused outside the bar to shake an annoying bit of gravel out of his boot, the next somebody yanked a canvas bag over his head, two somebodies grabbed his arms, and he was being hustled into the back of a van. Now, Ewan was a man who liked to see action on a Saturday night, but this was all a tad much. 
His nose told him several things: his captors were human, not Tiger Yakuza; he hadn't smelled them around Talbot's Peak before; and they'd had a couple slugs at the bar, probably just enough that a public kidnapping seemed like a good idea. One of them tripped against a cycle's wheel and went, "Darn it!", which told him they were young and unprofessional as well as mildly drunk. It all added up to college kids on a dare. Them being human and him not, he could probably shake 'em off with a minimum of fuss, without even having to shift. 
He was about to lash out when the one on his left arm crushed in a step closer and his nose let him know she was female. Chivalry checked the elbow he'd been ready to ram into her ribs. Curiosity did the rest. Now why would a bunch of college kids nab a random cowboy outside of Dante's bar? Confident now he could ditch these puppies any time he wanted, Ewan decided to play along and see what they were up to. Besides, for a Saturday night it had been pretty dull up to now. 
However, token resistance did seem called for. The kidnapper on his other arm was male. Ewan hip-slammed him and trod on his foot and knocked his elbow into the monkey's chin before two more males grabbed hold of him. After that he let himself be man and womanhandled into the van with little fuss. 
"Don't be frightened," the woman whispered to him as the van sped out of the parking lot. "We're not going to hurt you. We only want to help." 
"You'd be helping a ton if you took this bag off my head. It stinks to high heaven in here." 
"Forget it," the male on his other side growled. "You're not biting anybody, werewolf." 
Game changer. Ewan went still and said very carefully, "Werewolf? What makes you think I'm a werewolf?" 
"We know what you people are. We've been watching you for weeks." 
And Dante didn't know? What the hell had happened to security? "Lemme guess. You had one too many Montana Sunsets and you think I'm somebody else." 
"We don't know or care who you are, other than you're a werewolf. Once we figure out how they did it, we'll put a stop to the whole operation." 
"Did what?" 
"No talking to the subject!" somebody snapped from up front. The surly male on Ewan's right fell silent. 
Well, scat and a half. This was way worse than college kids, more dangerous than Yakuza. These were cryptozoologists. Amateur cryptozoologists. 
The one on his left being female, Ewan figured he'd have a better shot with her. "What's he talking about?" he whispered at her. "What operation? What're they up to?" 
"The people who turned you into a werewolf," the woman whispered back. "We know they've got this huge underground complex where they experiment on innocent captives." 
"Yeah?" Well, that might be true, as far as it went. Plenty of experimentation went on at the Pleasure Club; that was stone cold fact. Probably not the kind these monkeys were thinking of, or had ever thought of. "So now you're taking me captive so you can experiment on me?" He added alarm to his voice. "You ain't gonna butt probe me, are you?" 
"We want to help you," she said earnestly. "We want to find out how they're changing people, so we can make you human again." She patted his arm. "It's okay. You'll be okay. We won't hurt you, I promise." 
 "How'd you find out about us? I mean, the Doctor, he goes all out to hide what he's up to." 
The murmurs from the front of the vehicle suddenly stopped. He had their attention. Now to see what he could pry loose from them. 
"C'mon," he whined. "You caught me. I'm helpless and all. Somebody tell me what's going on before I wet myself." 
The man on his right edged away from him. The woman inched closer and tightened her grip. Her breath was hot and excited against the exposed parts of his neck. 
"You'll find out soon enough, when we get where we're going," the male up front told him. "Our boss is going to be happy to see you. Really, really happy." 
Hired help, then. Okay. That explained the amateur status. Ewan searched the van with nose and ears. He picked out five male voices and six human scents, with an overlay of pizza and fried beef. No gunpowder; they weren't armed. They might have Tasers. If they thought he was a werewolf, there could be silver knives. Silver didn't bother a shifter, but a blade was a blade and could be trouble. Until he found out who the boss was, he'd better play it cool. 
The woman pressed her bony hip against him. "I'm really sorry about this," she murmured. 
"You and me both." 
"We want to help. We really do." Her voice dropped even further, nearly into the sultry zone. "You wouldn't bite me, would you?" 
"That'd be deadly," Ewan said. Especially considering some of the places his mouth had been. "You don't need to be scared of me. I'm a friendly werewolf. You seen "Twilight"?" 
"Seven times." Chaos help her, she sounded proud of that.
"Team Jacob?" 
"Of course." 
Ally. That could come in handy. He could play on that. Pity he'd never seen the movie himself. Well, he'd figure out something. He leaned back and listened to the terse conversations of his captors, mining their words for info. No hint on who their boss was. Didn't matter. These yahoos were about to find out the only thing more dangerous than a pissed-off wolf was a wolf with enough coyote in him to have a sense of humor. 



Chapter Two: 
"Should I Accept This Mission," Dugger Lampooned... 
By Savanna Kougar 

With a flick of his wrist, Dante sent the tankard of dark ale sliding toward Dugger. "Thanks, mate." Dugger flashed a ready grin while neatly retrieving the tall mug, then lifting it to his lips for a long taste. 
"You ain't gonna tell this Ewan Carter, are ya?" Dugger leaned an elbow on the bar's shiny surfacealmost like a bloody mirror. "Just let him dangle like bait, is that the plan?" 
A grin glinted in Dante's gaze before it hit his mouth. The alpha werewolf made himself more comfortable against the pub's dark-wood bar. "By my reckoning, Ewan's better off not knowing. Besides, I'm counting on his coyote wiles to keep him out of any real trouble." 
"Should I accept this mission," Dugger lampooned the infamous "Mission Impossible" saying. He took another swig of the rippin' good ale, before continuing. "You want me to gather the intel, then report back." 
Dante gave a short nod after tossing back a swallow of his ale. "If there's any real danger, give Ewan a helping paw." 
"Yeah, mate, I could use the exercise. Gotta keep in top bloomin' shapethe dingo and the manfor the rigors ahead. Enemies to the right of us... enemies to the left of us." 
"Enemies above us. And below us," Dante growly continued. Raising a hand, he stopped the approach of a server. "Looks like these none-too-smart interlopers are an annoyance, like fleas bitin' in midsummer." 
"Bugger fleas. Always keep the pennyroyal in my pocket." Dugger enjoyed making Dante crack a smile. "Want the herbal recipe, mate?" 
"I hear Gypsy has her own recipes for the flea bitten among us." Dante's gaze turned dangerously serious. He set his tankard on the bar with a back-to-business clank. 
Dugger followed suit. "Yeah. Gotta keep our territory tidied up. Never know when it could get downright messy." 
"The bigger shark eats the smaller shark, and we got more trouble than I want," Dante growled. "From last report, the van should be arriving tonight at my biker bar. Everyone working is onboard with keeping the patrons inside... except Ewan." 
"Righto. I'll be lurking in the shadows, watchin', waitin'. Hitch myself a little joy ride." 
"You got mental contact with your mate, Symone?" Dante stated what they both knew. 
"Yeah, I'll send her the images, the intel. Had to talk her out of followin' with that special rifle of hers. Long as she has instant access to you, mate, we're right as rain." 
"We're right as rain, pardner." Dante reached out gripping Dugger's shoulder for moments. "Like we discussed, I'll be hanging with the posse, in case you and Ewan need a rescue team." 
"Appreciate the backup, mate." 

**** 

As dingo, Dugger peeked around the corner of the biker bar, sniffing the wind. The low-level ratbags he'd been waiting for saturated the air with cheap booze and cheaper pizza. His nose wrinkled of its own accord. Yeah, crikey, the wind-driven odors were stronger than werewolf piss, and their van's exhaust. 
On alert, Dugger crouched into a ready-to-spring position. He was counting on the young whackers being amateur kidnappers with all the speed and senses of a beer-drunk slug. That was the intel Dante had telepathed to him minutes earlier. 
Yeah, there. Lights off, the van crept toward the bar's entrance, but halted like a giant cockroach afraid of the minimal light splashing over the long lineup of Harleys. Hearing Ewan step outside, Dugger snatched his Crocodile Dundee blade between his teeth. 
Staying low, he stealthily moved around the corner. With his gaze trained on the action, Dugger watched the scumbags throw the canvas bag over Ewan's head. At that instant, he raced for the back of the van. 
Missing a tangle of legs as the crew wrestled Ewan toward the van, Dugger leapt inside. Righto, barely above age ankle biters! The collection of duffel bags shoved against one side offered the perfect cover. 
Dugger sprang over them, quickly burying himself behind the highest part of the pile. While Ewan did his token resistance thing, Dugger twisted into the best position to watch his hapless prey. Staring through the small space between the duffel bags, he scoped out the layout, then focused on his own facial, scent, and voice recognition via good ole brain power. 
Yeah, likely college kids on a "Supernatural" slayer-type mission. But who was the bloody blighter conning them? 
Dugger listened to Ewan charm up the sheila, one ear pricked for clues that could tell him the identity of the bad bloke or blokes behind scenes. Could be a scumbaggery mad-scientist type involved, no tellin'. Those lunatic buggers were always breaking-bad news. He'd hike leg on them and give a good long piss any day. 
Werewolf? So, the minions didn't own a fancy clue who or what they'd bagged. Dugger tightened his jaws on the blade handle. No use lettin' anyone get the proper drop on him. 



Chapter Three: 
Saving People, Hunting Things 

By Pat Cunningham 

Even though he couldn't see squat with the bag over his head, Ewan had a pretty good idea where this monkey bunch was taking him. The increasing sound of traffic and the neon lights that flashed in through the windshield confirmed it: they were headed for the commercial strip out by the exit. With a dab of good luck they'd be holed up in the Rocky Top Motel. Dante had a wolf named Hoover, he of the miraculous nose, stationed at the front desk there. If Ewan could get word to him, Hoover could tell Dante what these yutzes were up to. That'd put a crimp in their plans. 
If his luck ran sour, they'd drive their van up the exit and onto the interstate and off to parts unknown. Then he'd be well and truly up the fabled Scat Creek, with no outboard. 
Tonight Chaos favored him. The van slowed, made a careful turn and rattled its way through what Ewan guessed was a parking lot before it came to a stop. Game time. If this was their lair, he could work on getting some answers. If it was just a gas stop, he'd have to make a break for it. Either way, he intended to toy with these apes before he hightailed it for home. The wolf in him might want to attack, but the coyote in him overruled it. No coyote worth the name ever turned down a chance to punk a human. 
The male pinning his right arm abruptly ripped the canvas bag off his head. Ewan gulped what passed for fresh air on a busy strip of highway. His eyes adjusted and showed him the back end of a long, two-story motel. Enough willing ladies had smuggled him into their rooms for him to recognize the Rocky Top. 
"You listen good, monster," the man snarled. "You're gonna walk up those steps and into that room and not give us any trouble. You so much as say boo and I got a silver knife with your name on it." 
"You got me a gift? Damn sweet of you. Hope you spelled my name right. Can I have it wrapped to go?" 
The goon stared blankly at him. The woman on his other arm tittered. Ewan swung his head thataway for a look at his possible ally. 
About what he'd expected, given the company she kept. Battered sneakers, baggy jeans and a T-shirt with a whale on it, all hanging off a body that'd make a skeleton look pudgy. She had a soft face behind round, owlish glasses. Her hair was chopped short, its color hard to tell under parking lot lights but probably in the brown family. If she had any tits under that shirt, he couldn't find them. She did have a nice, tight caboose though, so it wasn't a total loss. 
The others piled out of the van and circled him like hyenas. They linked arms and caged him in their middle. In this manner they walked him down the narrow inside hallway, while his new lady friend scooted ahead to open the door. Anybody wandering past would take them for a pack of frat boys staggering home from a bar crawl. In a group they lurched into the room. 
And what a room it was, exactly what Ewan expected. His new buddies had added their own special touches to the room's dcor, with maps, newspaper clippings, website printouts and grainy black-and-white video stills Scotch-taped over every square inch, including the paintings bolted to the walls and the mirror on the closet door. The subject matter all related to the alien, the paranormal, the weird. All it needed was an "I Want to Believe" poster tacked up over the bed. 
Three laptops were crowded onto a circular vinyl table, one with a Bigfoot screensaver, another with a sticker of a big-eyed, big-headed alien giving the Vulcan salute. And, of course, the empty pizza boxes. Ewan would have been sorely disappointed if he hadn't seen at least one. 
His surly buddy from the van shoved him onto the bed, where two of his partners swooped in to bind Ewan's wrists to the headboard. "Kinky," Ewan said. "Who wants me first?" 
"Stuff it, Rover." Ewan recognized that voice as the van driver's. He was a big, Aryan blond in a pullover sweater who obviously considered himself this mob's alpha dog. Ewan named him Freddie. "Save your breath for talking. You're going to tell us every last detail about your 'Doctor's' operation." He pulled out a wicked-looking silver dagger. "I guarantee it." 
"Uh huh. You're gonna spill my guts and I'm gonna empty my bowels on your only bed." He watched that realization sink in and the consternated looks flash around the room, to finally settle on Freddie. Freddie got red in the face. "You really didn't think this whole hostage deal through, did you?" 
"Don't mess with us," Mr. Surly said. Ewan dubbed him Agent Mulder. "We're professionals." 
"Of course you are." Ewan jabbed his chin at the active screensaver. "You do know Bigfoot hangs out in Colorado, right? You're looking in the wrong state. "
"We'll get back to Bigfoot later," Agent Mulder said. "Right now you're our freak of the week. You're going to talk, or else." 
"Then you'll be washing sheets till Judgment Day. Tell you what: you let Velma here work her feminine wiles on me and we'll see how much I spill. That work for you, darlin'?" He winked at the woman. 
Her eyesa warm summer brown, he saw nowflashed with unexpected fire. "My name's Maureen." 
"Ewan. I'd shake your hand, but  " He tugged his wrists against the ropes and offered up a shrug. 
The woman bit her lip. Poor gal, she probably thought these sorry apes were the best she could do. That wasn't true, and under different circumstances he wouldn't mind telling, and showing, her so. If she put on a few pounds and padded those bones, wore a tighter set of jeans, grew her hair out a couple of inchesand washed it more oftenshe could hop off the Velma shelf and into Daphne territory. He'd bet his tail she'd never been touched by any of these clueless mooks. 
She had a brain behind those eyes; he could see it working. He'd always liked Velma better than Daphne anyway. Velma'd always had more smarts than the rest of the gang put together. Coyotes set high store on smarts. In the coyote worldview, anyone without a brain might as well have a target on their back. 
Ewan smiled easily and sorted through the targets in the room. Besides Agent Mulder and Freddie, there was a redheaded kid in a "Free Weed" T-shirt, a stocky, dark-skinned guy in glasses who had yet to say a word, and a wide load in a ponytail who reminded Ewan of Comic Book Guy from The Simpsons. They all gave off that earnest vibe of folks who know they're right, the kind one little jab can jostle into fanaticism, with a side of violence attached. 
Except for Velma. She wasn't wearing perfume, and her natural scent was earth-toned and homey. He wouldn't mind a good howl at the moon with her, if he could get her and himself away from the Spooky Brigade. 
"So, which of you is Nick Fury?" he asked. "See? We watch TV just like you guys." 
"Go get Mr. C," Freddie ordered. The guy in the glasses left, still without a word. "Don't dick with us," Freddie said to Ewan. "We know all your weaknesses. We're all armed with silver. It's new moon. You won't be changing any time soon." 
Velma opened her mouth, then shut it again. She looked at Ewan doubtfully. He could figure what was going through her mind. Werewolf lore and shifter reality didn't always match up. Shifters didn't need a full moon to go canine. She knew this; she'd seen "Twilight". Yet she wasn't in any hurry to share with her brothers in slayage. Interesting. 
"Okay, you got me," Ewan said. "What do you want to know?" 
Agent Mulder snatched a photo off the table and thrust it at Ewan's face. "What's this?" 
He crossed his eyes at the picture in front of his nose, and his gut tumbled. Scat in a hat. 
The pic was standard cryptozoologist quality, blurry and off-center and clearly taken from a long, safe distance away. It showed three giant creatures that could not be mistaken for bears or wolves or Tiger Yakuza, even with the bad focus helping. Nothing about the beasts said "normal" in any way, shape or form. 
Somehow these hoots had snapped a pic of Damien Hancock's mutant werewolves. 
Chaos bite my balls, he thought. Why did luck always fall into the hands of little cubs and the monumentally stupid? 



Chapter Four: 
Yeah, Righto, Did He Shift to Human? 

By Savanna Kougar 

The rank smell of stale, over-fried food assaulted Dugger's nostrils. Bugger! Humans doin' the horizontal dance filled his nose, too. Yeah, just as he'd figured by the short ride, they now rolled through the parking lot at the Rocky Top Motel. 
Dugger mind-sent the info to his sheila, Symone. 'Hoover,' she telepathed the reminder, 'Dante's watcher at the motel.' 
'Yeah, got it, luv. Time for action jackson. We're stoppin' and the scumbags are about to get restless on Ewan's ass.' 
His sheila, being the trained warrioress she was, didn't answer. She simply kept the dial tuned to their connection. 
Dugger did his own tuning in, his ears high on his dingo head. Sensing Ewan's decision to go coyote on the motley crew, and his dick-on-a-stick attraction to brainy gal, Dugger merely watched and listened as the wannabe monster hunters hustled their captured 'werewolf' out of the van. 
With the slam of the van's back door, Dugger focused his senses on the direction of their footsteps. Yeah, righto, did he shift to human? By the odor, there were clothes in the duffel bags he could hijack. 
Or was it bloody smarter to stay dingo, and hunt down the big-muck blighter who was running this piss-for-grins show. Scat logic, and body language, told Dugger these drongo males were followers, not leaders. 
Yeah, he'd seen this sort of catch-the-werewolf scene too many times before. Bugger, though, that didn't eliminate the potential threat to Talbot's Peak. 
Instinct slid like a right knife through Dugger's belly. 'Wait. Stay a turtle,' he told himself. Someone eyed the van. Yeah, a safari hunter type, a trophy killer by nature. The vibes sizzled Dugger to his toe pads. 
No use exposin' himself to the enemy. Dugger counted down the minutes automatically until he heard, "Mr. C., the target is secured. Givin' us trouble, though. He's got a big 'f' mouth. Needs shutting, until he's willing to talk to us." 
An auto door opened, then slammed shut. A heavier tread made tracks in the same direction Ewan had been un-properly escorted. So, the bad boss man was this Mr. C. 
Dugger trained his ears and his nose, inhaling the trophy killer's rancid garlic stench. What? Did the buzzard-brain really believe in that made-for-human's myth about vamps? 
Grinning wide, Dugger dropped his blade, then snapped it back up between his teeth. Time to blow this van of clueless apes. Apes, monkeys, yeah, the common lingo in Dante's biker bar. 'Course, DNA-wise, that had proven to be mostly false propaganda by the global Big Badsgiven the real genetic profiles were wider apart than the Nile river. Behavior-wise, now that was another ball of snakes. 
Dugger squirmed his way out the duffel bag pile. Figurin' dingo was safer, even with a blade in his jaws, he hopped into the driver's seat. A deft pull of his untrimmed nails unlocked the door. Using his paw like an abbreviated hand, Dugger cracked it open, then slipped outside. 
With his hind leg, Dugger kicked the door shut, then crawled beneath the van. He scanned for several moments before darting across the parking lot toward a sparse evergreen bush beneath the window where Ewan was likely being grilled. Yeah, maybe like a shrimp on the barbie. 
Dugger grinned at himself. 
'Now for a mental photo of' Headlights, the shouts of teenagers over-medicated on beer interrupted Dugger as he raised upward to peer between the crack in the heavy curtains. He slouched behind the cube-shaped evergreen right quick as a bushbaby. 
Dugger heard the curtains pulled together sharply. Crickey! There went his shot at an easy look at this cast of un-super villains. 
By the walkabout gods, though, he had their individual scents. And from what Dugger was scenting now, Ewan didn't need his helping paw. Not yet. 
Yeah, speaking of the un-super, one of the motley crew was creeping up on him. Dugger figured the great monster hunter had seen neon lights flash off his large blade. 
With a grin, Dugger burst out of hiding. He charged straight toward the hulking linebacker type. Before the bloke could help it, he briefly shrieked like a little girl. 
"Hey!" the shout followed. "The monster's got an effing buddy." To his credit, the un-green hulk whipped out a silver blade, and stood his ground. 
Dugger liked that bloody better. He increased his speed with each stride. 
Leaping as the blade slashed at him, Dugger clawed his way up the blighter's tree-trunk leg, then up his broad chest fast as a mad cat. Holy dooley!. Oh yeah, his light body weight, and his quick reflexes always served him right. 
Before the silver blade could catch his hide, ripping away chunks of furand the hulk was certainly trying to slash him a good oneDugger climbed up his beefy face. He sank his claws in deep. 
Once on top of Sluggo's head, Dugger sprang landing on the roof of a nearby car. From there his escape was a piece of cake, as his sheila was fond of sayingyeah, when she aimed her rifle, and took out a practice target no one else could touch. 
The question of the day: should he make contact with Hoover? Let the wolf know what was happening under his superior sniffer... 



Chapter Five: 
My Kingdom for a Spy Cam! 

By Rebecca Gillan 

"Marissa! Check this out!" Gloria exclaimed excitedly. Marissa eagerly put down her pencil, which she had been using to try to untangle the mess that were her 2013 tax documents. She'd made the quarterly payments based off projected earnings but now it was time to convince Uncle Sam that those projections had been accurate. The only thing that made tax season tolerable was that she was meticulous about record keeping. That didn't make it fun, though, so she was more than willing to let her new assistant manager distract her. 
"What's up, Glo?" she asked as she rounded the counter to where Gloria was surfing the web. 
"Look!" Gloria said again, jabbing her finger excitedly at her laptop's screen. Marissa looked. Then rubbed her eyes and looked again. 
"Is that Dugger?" she asked incredulously. 
"Mm-hm." 
"Did he just climb that guy like a mountain?" 
"Yep," Gloria confirmed with a grin. "You missed it. A few minutes ago a bunch of scruffy looking people pulled Ewan out of that van and made a circle around him with their arms and herded him inside that motel room. Then Dugger jumped out of the van and tried to peek into the window, but the Belvedere boys went driving by, being all rowdy and driving crazy. And then this guy comes out the back and circles around the back of the building and confronts Dugger, which is when Dugger goes and charges him." 
"Oh. My. God," Marissa said, watching the action on the screen. "What is this? How are you seeing this?" 
"Oh, it's Moon-Moon's spy camera net. It started with him setting up a Santa cam on Christmas Eve. That worked out so well that Lex had him set up spy cams in a few select locations, like this one at the Rocky Top. "
"Are you recording this?" Marissa asked as she fished her cell phone out of her pocket, eyes still glued to the computer screen. 
"It's a live feed from the server," Gloria answered, "but Moon-Moon showed me how to make a copy from the master file." 
"Good. Make a copy, will you. I'm going to call Dante about this. If Dugger and Ewan are involved, he probably already knows, but I bet he'd like to have video showing facesDamn! Did he just pee on that guy after knocking him down???" 



Chapter Six: 
A Blast from the Past (is a bite in the ass) 

By Pat Cunningham 

"Well?" Agent Mulder demanded. He shook the picture, like that would bring it into focus. "What are they?" 
"Fugly," Ewan said. "The bears around here must'a got their paws on some really rancid pic-a-nic baskets." 
"Those aren't bears." Comic Book Guy had decided to display his meager store of knowledge. "Those aren't any kind of creature that appears in nature. Those are werewolves, created in a lab. Humans mutated into monsters." 
"If you say so." It might even be true. Dante had no idea where his sire had dug up his hairy goon squad, though he'd been trying his damnedest to find out. Ewan knew even less. "Or they could just be Texans. Hard to tell from this angle." 
Freddie stepped up to the bed. "Tell us about the Doctor." 
"Sure. My favorite of the oldies is the Tom Baker version. Always liked the scarf. David Tennant was a hoot. Never much cared for the new one." 
Freddie smacked him hard across the face. Velma flinched. "Geez, dude," the kid in the Free Weed shirt said. He needed a name. Ewan picked Shaggy. "I know he's a werewolf and all, but geez. Oppressive much?" 
"They're monsters," Freddie said. "We can't afford to treat them like they're human." 
"You think I'm one of those?" Ewan nodded at the photo in Agent Mulder's hand. "Hell, you might as well kill me now. I'd drink bleach before I'd let myself turn into something that unsightly." 
"Works for me," Agent Mulder said. He pulled out his silver knife. Ewan tensed to shift .
Unexpectedly, Velma threw herself across the bed, and Ewan. "You can't! We have to wait for" 
On cue, the door opened. Silent Sam in the glasses returned, with another male. Ewan tensed in a different fashion. This wasn't some stupid kid chasing after noises in the dark. This was a grownup with mileage on him, a hard life spent on the never-ending trail of inhuman things like Ewan. 
A hunter. A real hunter. 
He stalked up to the bed. Velma scurried away. The hunter leaned in close enough for Ewan to smell the strong motel coffee on his breath, and peered hard into Ewan's eyes. Wolf and coyote shifters tended toward yellow eyes. Being both, Ewan's gene pool had got a double dose. 
The hunter grunted, satisfied, and pulled back. "You kids did just fine," he told his team. "He's a werewolf, sure enough." 
"He mentioned someone called the Doctor," Freddie said, in the weaselly tone of an omega wolf looking to advance up the ranks. "Beyond that, he wouldn't talk." 
"He'll talk to me. You kids take off for awhile. Grab some coffee or something." 
Shaggy was out the door before he finished the sentence. The others lingered. Freddie opened his mouth to speak, but Velma beat him to it. "I'm sorry, sir, but we can't. We won't leave you alone with a monster." 
"I've been hunting shapeshifters since before you were born. But if you insist  all right. You get to stay, but you stay out of my way. You got a knife?" Velma swallowed hard and produced a Taser. The hunter grinned. "Even better. The rest of you boys scoot. I'll let you play with whatever's left." 
Freddie, Agent Mulder and Comic Book Guy obediently filed out of the room. Silent Sam stood firm. His body language made it clear he wasn't going anywhere. The hunter shrugged minutely. Silent Sam closed the door and planted himself front of it, arms crossed. 
"Now let's get down to business." The hunter stood at the foot of the bed. He hadn't shown off any hardware yet, but that was sure to follow. "My name's Abel Cochrane. I doubt if that means anything to you." 
"'Fraid not," Ewan said. "We don't get many hunters in the Peak. Most of 'em know better. Last one we had  " 
The sudden narrowing of Cochrane's eyes gave the game away. "Was you," Ewan said in realization. "I wasn't there, but everybody heard about it. Vern and the Mayor got hold of you and" 
He snapped his jaws shut right about the time the hunter scowled. Stripped you nekkid, dumped a gallon of purple paint on you, and sent you outside in your birthday suit with a couple of fake fairy wings. Yeah, he could see why a human wouldn't want to relive that particular Kodak moment. 
The hunter growled down in his throat, like a wolf. "I spent a month in lockup," he snarled. "Indecent exposure. Then there was"he shuddered"the hundred hours of community service. The whole time I pondered on what I was going to do to you filthy animals when my life was my own again." 
"We have a new Mayor," Ewan said. "That'd never happen now. Live and let live and all that. Bygones?" He smiled appeasingly. 
"I don't think so. I've got a score to settle with 'Vern' and 'The Mayor.' They can wait till last. Between now and then I plan to wipe out every clawed, hooved, feathered, beaked and furry freak in your misbegotten town." He pulled out a pistol with an abnormally wide barrel and aimed at Ewan's forehead. "Starting with you." 



Chapter Seven: 
Yeah, Dugger Thought, Dog-Monkey Mutant. 

By Savanna Kougar 

The motley crew belonging to the 'let's exterminate all werewolves' cluba couple with cigs still in their handscharged toward Dugger from across the parking lot. Crickey! 
Contacting Hoover would have to be put on the backburner. Behind him Mr. Blonde Sluggo made grunting moans of pain. "Kill him!" he squealed in an unmanly shout. "Or get the fucker dog-monkey mutant for Mr. C." 
'Yeah,' Dugger thought, 'dog-monkey mutant. Have to remember that one for me bar mates.' Spinning around on top of the auto's slick roof, he balanced, then sprang. 
Dugger sent the full force of his dingo body between the bloke's Hulk like shoulder blades. A bloody bull's eye. 
"Argh-shit!" Slugger choked out as he toppled forward and crashed face first onto the cold hard asphalt. Dugger rode him all the way down. 
'Yippie-kai-yay,' as they say in these parts. Dugger grinned from dingo ear to dingo ear. 
Suddenly sensing the presence of Moon-Moon's camera surveillanceset up to catch St. Nick at workDugger figured he'd give a right good show for the local Taltube afficionados. Yeah, the 'hunt a werewolf' posse wasn't slashing at him quite yet. 
Given their running footsteps, the yells of concern, the drongos were dodging between autos, and still a few minutes away. Righto, piss for hire! Those ales he'd shared with Dante were about to be served up again. 
Half-unconscious, Sluggo-brain writhed like a hooked fish out of water. Dugger hopped off his back. Raising his back leg high, he let the yellow river flow. Flow fast, given his nose told him the 'pizza out the pores' pack was about to make a right serious grab for his tail. 
'Marinatin' you in the finest ale at the Pleasure Club.' Dugger smirked, then dashed for the nearest set of legs. 
'Dingo sport for piss and grins. Keep the cameras rolling, mate.' As if he hunted a hare, Dugger snatched hold of the raggedy bottom of the ape's jeans. Barely breaking stride, he jerked, then let momentum take its course. Crash-boom-bang, the bugger slammed against the side of the van. 
Sighting the flash of a silver blade, and another pair of jogging legs, Dugger shot beneath a monster, chromed-out pickup. Scooting fast, he clamped his jaws on the grimy, fake rubber of the ape's tennie, and gave a sharp tug. 
A scream followed before the thwack-thump-bang of a human body against unforgiving metal. "Fuck! Over here," his hapless victim shouted. 
"What the hell are you kids doing?" a guttural, parental voice demanded. A wolf shifter voice. Deciding it was Hoover, the super-nose bloke, Dugger froze, listening. 
"Someone better start explaining or I'm calling the police," Hoover boomed. "I guarantee you Officer Friendly won't be too friendly." 
"There's a rabid dog attacking us," one of the blighters called out. 
"Yeah, yeah rabid... he's foaming at the mouth, and all. We were trying to save..." 
"Stuff it," Hoover growled. "Where is this rabid dog?" 
Moments ticked by as if an Agatha Christie murder scene unfolded. "I got the cell phone," Hoover threatened, "and I'm about to punch in 9-1-1." 
"Over here," the hapless victim meekly spoke up. "Think he's hiding under the truck." 
Figuring his fun and dingo games were over, Dugger peeked out to make certain a knife blade wasn't waiting for his tan, furry hide. Seeing a clear field and not scenting any immediate danger, he popped out from beneath the pickup. 
Dugger gave himself a proper shake, then trotted toward Hoover. He added an 'I got you blokes' spring to his step. 
"Watch out!" one of the wet-behind-the-ears werewolf hunters shouted. "Looks like he's gonna attack you." 
Tame as a right castrated poodle, Dugger approached and sat. He gave Hoover a big cheeky grin. 
After a wink, Hoover scowled formidably at the 'we're gonna save the world from monsters' gang. "I sure don't see any foam. He ain't attacking me." Hoover paused for dramatic affect, one brow reaching for the night sky. Beneath the harsh neon lights, his large mug looked like a cranky Tazzie Devil in human form. 
"What did you slime buckets do to this dog? Tell you what. You got five minutes to clean up your act, and get out of my sight. Any more problems, and I'll have the cherry tops rolling in here." 
"Why don't you try patting his head, see if your hand is still attached," the slurred voice of Hulk-Sluggo interrupted. 
"Need an ambulance, man?" one of the gang asked. 
"Save you the trouble. I'll call an ambulance if it'll get you troublemakers outta here," Hoover snarled. "Come here, doggie," he gently called, then bent toward Dugger. 
Sweet as American apple pie, and all that, Dugger padded close to Hoover. When the big wolf patted his head, Dugger smiled like he'd found his last best buddy. 
"You'll be sorry," Mary Jane-smoker began. 
"Good onya," Hoover whispered before straightening. "No, it's you who's gonna be sorrier than a skunk-sprayed idjit. When the local humane society gets a hold of this story... and they will. We got cameras for the protection of our patrons...got the message?" 
"We got the message. Let's get outta here," Hulk-Sluggo rallied his troops. 
"Trouble in River City?" Hoover asked, once their steps faded away. 


Chapter Eight: 
The Great Escape 

By Pat Cunningham 

"I have to use the bathroom," Ewan said. 
"Come on, son," the hunter scoffed. "That's the oldest trick in the book. How stupid do you think I am?" 
In percentage points? Ewan thought. Aloud, he said, "Not dumb enough to fall for that, and we both know it. That doesn't change the fact I'm seconds away from turning this here mattress into my own personal newspaper. You let me dump my load, and I'll tell you anything you want to know. Including," he added, with a jerk of his chin toward the grainy photo Agent Mulder had left on the nightstand, "what those beasties are and who made 'em." 
Cochrane flicked a disinterested glance at the photo. His full attention stayed on Ewan. Chaos bite his prick. The hunter wasn't after answers, like the rest of the Scooby Crew. He was out for blood. If he ran across Hancock's monster hybrids he'd shoot them, and every other shifter he happened on. Ewan wouldn't miss the mutants, but he had good friends in the Peak. 
He looked toward Velma and added, "C'mon. You seem like an honorable sort. Would you really make me humiliate myself in front of a lady?" 
The hunter rolled his eyes. "You do know how to pile it on." He gestured to Silent Sam. The man left his post by the door and approached the bed. He drew a knife big enough to gut a rhino with. Ewan tried not to flinch while Silent Sam slit his bonds. All the while Cochrane kept his gun trained on Ewan. Velma stood by the window. Her glasses magnified her eyes to dinner-plate dimensions. 
"There any windows in the bathroom?" Cochrane asked. Both Silent Sam and Velma shook their heads. "Okay. You get five minutes. No tricks. Maybe I should blow out a knee, just to play it safe." 
"That'd make it tough for me to aim. No need to get messy. I won't do anything tricky. You have my word." 
"A shifter's word," Cochrane said with a sneer, but he let Ewan enter the bathroom and shut the door. "Five minutes!" he barked.
That sat fine with Ewan. He only needed three. 
As promised, the bathroom had no windows. He could probably throw himself through a window in the main room, and slice himself to tatters in the process. Nope. It would have to be the door. 
He had no weapons; they'd patted him down when they caught him. A shifter's weapon was their animal form and whatever natural advantages came along with it. Ewan's human form had only one advantage, and the coyote in him couldn't wait to use it. 
But first, prep. He stood by the toilet, shut his eyes, and thought about Velma. Her short, soft hair, her big brown eyes. The fun he could have feeling under her t-shirt in a leisurely search for her tits. The loud, barky sounds he could coax out of her. She looked like she might be a biter. Ewan liked biters. He pictured her bony body writhing beneath him while he covered it in love-nips. He reached for the buttons on his shirt. 
"One minute!" Cochrane shouted at the door. 
Ewan threw the door open. "All done," he announced. "I'm ready to talk. I got nothing to hide." 
Indeed he did not. He was totally naked. His enormous dick stood stiff at attention, blatantly pointed at the room. 
For one shocked second, all three humans froze. In that second, Ewan shifted. 
Being an Eastern coyote, or coywolf, he lacked a wolf's full size but shared the jaw muscles that made crunching the bones of big prey such an easy deal. The coyote's legendary flexibility added on made him hell on four paws. Best of both worlds, really. 
He dove straight for Cochrane and closed those wolf's jaws on the wrist of the man's gun hand. Bones snapped. The hunter howled and dropped his gun. Ewan swung toward the door before he remembered the downside of wolf jaws and wolf paws, especially when confronted with a doorknob. Looked like it would have to be the windows after all. 
No go. The barricade that was Silent Sam blocked his way. He changed direction yet again, and almost got his ears blown off. The bullet cut a notch in the doorjamb. 
Chaos bite it. Cochrane had the gun in his left hand. He must be ambidouchious, or whatever the word was. 
"Keep him away from the windows!" Cochrane barked. "He can't work the door unless he shifts." 
No shit. Ewan scurried for cover. Silent Sam tried to tackle him and missed. Ewan leaped onto the bed and off again just as Cochrane fired another round. The pillow went up in a flurry of fiber stuffing. Before Ewan could dodge Velma caught hold of his hind end and threw them both to the floor, with her on top. Normally Ewan enjoyed this kind of play, but with a hunter pointing a gun at him it kind of lost its thrill. 
Ewan's jaws and Velma's throat were close enough to say howdy. He had to get her off him fast, and there was only one way.
He lapped his tongue straight up her face, with an extra-thick swipe over her glasses. "Eeeeyyyeeeewww!" Velma screamed. She threw herself away from him. Ewan scrambled under the bed. The hunter's third shot clipped hairs off his tail. 
"Move the bed!" Cochrane yelled, presumably at Silent Sam. "We've got him trapped!" 
At that moment the door flew open. "Mr. C?" Shaggy the supporter of Free Weed said. "We got problems." 
Perfect timing. Ewan clawed out from under the bed and charged Shaggy. His near-wolf weight knocked them both into the hallway. Shaggy made a perfect cushion, shielding Ewan from impact. 
Pity he couldn't be used as a shield, because Freddie, Agent Mulder, and Comic Book Guy were also out in the hall, between him and the exit. They looked a bit frayed around the edges. Freddie stank of canine urine. Suits you, Ewan thought as he hustled in the opposite direction. The bark of Cochrane's gun and ping of a bullet followed his retreat. Ewan slewed around a corner just ahead of the shot. 
Fortunately the door to the inside stairwell was a push-bar deal, no shifting required. Ewan fled downstairs and burst into the lobby. 
The lobby was crawling with cops, and they'd all heard the gunshot. They bounded up the stairs. Ewan pressed himself against the wall until the wave of uniforms subsided. Those boys upstairs were in for a lick of trouble, sure enough. 
He glanced toward the front desk. Hoover was on, thank Chaos. He had a dingo with himthe source of Freddie's new cologne, to judge by his personal odor. All three shifters nodded acknowledgment to each other. 
Hoover took a careful sniff. "Ewan," he ID'd him. "Let me guess. Those jokers in room 103?" Ewan barked affirmative. "I had them pegged for trouble the minute they came in. Dante's already aware. You better scoot." Ewan barked again and let himself out the fire exit. 
The back lot had cop cars scattered all over, but with no cops in them. Shouts of, "Hands behind your head! Down on the floor!" and a lot of inventive swearing came from the second floor. Ewan flashed a big doggy grin at room 103 and trotted across the lot.
Then Thor hit him with a strike of lightning. 
At least that's what it felt like. One minute he was on his way to freedom, the next a blast of painful energy zapped him from out of nowhere. He fell to the tarmac and writhed like a landed bass, with a high howl of absolute agony. 
It lasted only seconds, but felt like forever. Then small but strong hands yanked the Taser's wires out of his flank, wrestled him off the blacktop and started to drag him toward a vehicle.
One last quiver of electrical impulses and Ewan lost control. He shifted to human. 
"Oh, poop!" Velma. "You couldn't stay wolf, could you?" Still semi-swearing, she adjusted her hold to under his armpits and resumed her drag. The vehicle was the Scooby Gang's van. He'd been so busy patting himself on the back he hadn't even noticed it, or Velma hiding behind it. 
She struggled his human body into the passenger seat. After strapping him in she climbed behind the wheel. The van coughed to vehicular life and charged out of the lot. 
Ewan blinked dazedly against the unending pulse of neon on the commercial strip's main drag. His head pounded like a son of a dog, and most muscle control had gone bye-bye. He managed to wet his throat. "We going to your place?" 
"Shut up." Velma kept her eyes determinedly fixed to the road. "You just took me hostage." 



Chapter Nine: 
A Little Something for the Ladies 

By Pat Cunningham 

Maureen kept her foot on the van's gas pedal and her gaze firmly fixed to the dark, twisty road. Her own personal road ran a lot more straightforward. She'd come a long ways on it, made the last big turnoff, and had her final destination in sight. No way would she veer off now. 
The only pothole was the man strapped onto the seat beside her. More specifically, the attractive, and very naked, werewolf who'd had a chance to rip out her throat but hadn't done it. 
In spite of her resolve, her eyes kept flicking over for a checkup glimpse of her passenger. He still seemed a bit woozy from the Taser. He was still naked, and still disturbingly handsome. His sweaty blond hair clung to his forehead and neck. That massive hard-on he'd stunned them all with back at the motel room had flopped back to pre-attack size. His cock was still pretty impressive. It would probably take both her hands to hold it still while she got her mouth around it  
She grabbed for the stick shift instead, and crushed her hand around the knob. Easy breaths. In and out. In and out. 
"You okay?" the werewolf asked. 
"I'm fine," she snapped. Darn it. He had such a sexy voice. She knew vampires had special powers to entice helpless young women, but hadn't known that extended to werewolves. Maybe they gave off some kind of animal musk that overwhelmed their victims. This one smelled more like singed fur right now, but that might change at any second. 
Why couldn't he have been a vampire? Maureen hated vampires. They took too much screen time away from the wolves in the movies. 
"Um  excuse me?" 
"Don't talk to me," she ordered him. "I'm trying to drive here."
"Okay." He was silent for all of a second. Then: "I'd slow down, I was you. This road gets really curvy. I don't want to end up smeared on a tree, and I'm betting you don't either." 
"We need distance. The rest of the team will be coming after us." 
"In what? This is your only transportation, right?" 
"Cochrane has a car, and he doesn't give up." 
The wolf considered that. "Drive faster." 
Maureen sped up, but only on the straight sections. When she came to a curve she slowed to more prudent speeds. Her next eye-flick showed her paranormal passenger had relaxed. He still had that tremendous schweinstuker. Maureen shot her eyes back to the road. 
The werewolf cleared his throat. "Fill me in. Why did I kidnap you, exactly?" 
"Because I'm the woman. Duh." 
"Sorry, but I'm a much more complex and well-rounded character. I need better motivation than that." 
"Okay. You're taking me to the Doctor. He's going to question me about Cochrane and the team. Then he's going to experiment on me and turn me into one of his werewolf monsters. Assuming  " Maureen licked her lips. "Assuming you don't bite me in an escape attempt. Then I'll turn anyway at the next full moon. Either way, I'm doomed." 
"Wow," he said. "I had no idea I was such a heinous evil-doer. Wait'll Dale finds out what a nefarious creature I am." He looked out the window for several minutes before he looked at her. Maureen made sure to stare straight out the windshield. "You know it doesn't work that way, right?" 
"Of course it does. Werewolf bites victim, victim turns into werewolf. Everybody knows that." 
"But I'm not a werewolf. I'm a shapeshifter. I could bite you from now until Tuesday and you'd end up just as human as when we started." His snort sounded amused. "Bet we'd both be really happy, though. Want to give it a shot? Just pull over anywhere along here." 
"You're lying." 
"Am not. You saw "Twilight", right? Did it work for those wolves? 'Course not. They're wolves because they're born wolves. Same thing here. But if biting's your thing, let's do it. I wasn't lying about that part, either." 
"What about those other werewolves? The monsters in the picture. Where did they come from?" 
"Hell if I know. You don't want them anyway. They're ugly. C'mon. You got pretty me right here." 
Don't look at his dick. Don't look at his dick. "I want to meet the Doctor." 
He didn't respond. Her quick glance caught a sorry frown. "Hate to burst your bubble, sweet thing, but there is no Doctor. That was a lie. I made him up to squeeze a little info out of you yutzes." 
"I don't believe you. Somebody created those creatures. Somebody's been tampering with Talbot's Peak for years. We did our research. That town's a strange place." 
"Can't argue with you there. We've got our share of weirdos, sure enough, but no mad scientists that I'm aware of. We're all the way we are naturally. Which is pretty scary in itself when you stop to think about it. Even the Mayor did what he did to himself. So you see, Velma" 
"Maureen. Maureen Starkey." 
"Ewan Carter. Sorry, Maureen, but nobody in Talbot's Peak is going to turn you into a werewolf, so you might as well  " 
She actually heard the click of his jaw when he snapped it shut. She knew it wasn't possible to smell a brain thinking, but some kind of faint aroma edged into the front seat of the van. Maybe it was that deadly wolf musk she'd been worried about. 
"Chaos bite my balls," he said. "You want to become a werewolf." 
Her hands shook a little on the wheel. "Do not." 
"Sure. That's why you're hanging around with the Loser Patrol. They couldn't find Bigfoot if he sat behind 'em at Chuck E. Cheese, but sooner or later even morons get lucky. All you need is one bite from the right wolf and you can be one of the pack. Is that it?"
"You don't know anything!" She grabbed at the stickshift and gave it a yank. "Just shut up!" 
"I'd like to," he said, his voice oddly strangled, "but  " 
Maureen took her eyes off the road. She'd overshot her grab for the stick. The wolf didn't look like he minded all that much. She yelped and let go. The van swerved dangerously close to the berm. Maureen locked both hands on the wheel and wrestled the van onto the center of the road. Once they'd smoothed out again she barked at Ewan, "Cover up." 
"What with?" 
"I don't care! Use the floor mat if you have to. There's a pizza box next to your feet. Use that." 
"You're just determined to suck all the fun out of our situation," he said. He had the gall to emphasize suck. Maureen glared at him. He snickered. She gritted her teeth and continued driving doggedly toward Talbot's Peak. 



Chapter Ten: 
Hasta la Vista, Baby 

By Pat Cunningham 

Cochrane knew better than to put up a fuss when the police charged their motel room. An old hand at dealing with the law, he tossed his gun under the bed and then demanded to be taken to the hospital, citing his broken wrist. The rest of the team took their cue from him and dropped to their knees with their hands clasped behind their heads. An ambulance was duly summoned. The cops took statements and checked IDs while they waited for Cochrane's transport. 
Cochrane knew searching the room would come later, after they'd been hauled off for questioning. Let 'em find the gun. It and the team's knives were nothing, small fry in the order of ordinance. The real arsenal, with which he intended to assault Talbot's Peak, remained hidden in the trunk of his car. As long as the cops missed that, his plans could proceed with only minor delay. 
Around this time the desk clerk and the manager showed up and informed Cochrane and his henchmen they would have to vacate the room immediately, no refunds. Cochrane told them the sheets hadn't been clean anyway. Then the ambulance arrived and Cochrane was carted off to the hospital, while the others were conducted to the police station. 
At the end of the X-rays, shots and bandaging Cochrane announced his pressing need for a toilet. The doctor pointed him down the hall. His police guard had gone to get coffee. Cochrane detoured at the first side corridor, found a stairwell, and followed it to an emergency exit. He emerged into an empty night. Small-town cops, gotta love 'em. They weren't paid enough to be good at their jobs. 
Shortly, safe in a Denny's half a mile from the hospital and with half a cup of coffee in his belly, Cochrane took out the cell phone the cops' pat-down had missed, and called Atcheson. His big blond aide-de-camp answered on the fifth ring. "Sir! Are you safe?" 
"For the moment," Cochrane said. "What about you? I take it you boys are in the hoosegow. This line secure?" 
"Yeah, they're questioning us. I'm alone right now. That damn dog in the parking lot, it  well, the cops are pretty much leaving me on my own until I can catch a shower." He lowered his voice. "They didn't get all of us. Pete and Maureen are still on the loose." 
"Have they charged any of you with anything?" 
"Barry, maybe. Depends on if he had any weed on him. We all ditched our knives when we realized there were cops on the way. You were the only one with a gun." 
"Then you should be good where you are. Sit tight and don't tell them anything. I'll see if I can get in touch with Maureen and Pete. One of them will be by to bail you out, assuming the police don't just release you. Technically we've done nothing." 
"Except fire a gun in a motel room." 
"They'll have to catch me first." Which was unlikely. Cochrane took a sip of his coffee. This might be the perfect time to dump his half-wit helpers. They'd proven marginally useful up until now, tracking down monsters for him to kill and doing far more tedious research than he would have himself. When it came to the crunch, however, none of them truly had a hunter's heart. Except perhaps for Atcheson, who could be a bit too enthusiastic sometimes. 
Yeah, he'd be better off cutting them loose. He knew what he'd be facing in Talbot's Peak, and he'd always worked better alone. "Just keep your mouths shut," he told Atcheson. "I'll be in touch." He cut the connection and deleted the team's numbers from his phone. 
Better fuel up. No telling when he'd get a chance to eat again. Then hike back to the motel and pick up his car. Then on to Talbot's Peak. Once there  Cochrane scowled at the cast on his wrist and put a new name at the top of his list of freaks to wipe out first. 

**** 

In the restroom of the diner across the street from the Rocky Top Motel, a stocky young man with glasses and dark skin took out a cell phone and punched in a number on speed dial. His name was neither Silent Sam, as Ewan Carter had dubbed him, nor Pete, as he was known to his cryptozoologist companions. They would have had trouble pronouncing his real name, or questioned the accent he hid by keeping silent as much as possible. 
He spoke now into the phone, in terse Urdu. "The mission has been compromised," he informed his true employer. "The team has been taken into police custody. The hunter has been taken to hospital with a minor injury. I doubt he'll stay there long." 
"I agree. He'll head straight for the Peak and wreak havoc. Let's let him go about his business. Havoc fits well with my plans." 
"There's more, lord. The wolf they captured spoke of a Doctor who created Hancock's mutant werewolves. He later denied it, but still. This is the first true confirmation we've had regarding Hancock's pet scientist." 
The other hissed in a quick breath. "Where is the wolf?"
"He escaped, lord. Apparently he had a cohort. I assume he's on his way to Talbot's Peak." 
"It always comes back to that cursed town, doesn't it? Very well. Return to Talbot's Peak. See if you can find that wolf, and keep an eye out for the hunter. Hancock's scientist holds the key to creating an unstoppable army. I will have that scientist, and that key. And Talbot's Peak, in due time." 
"Pete" bowed minutely over his phone. "Yes, Lord Ghan." 



Chapter Eleven: 
Blade Runner ~ Rabbit to the Rescue 

By Savanna Kougar 

Blade Runner caught the glint in Dante's eye as soon as his alpha wolf friend entered the Pleasure Club's fight arena. Leaping, he morphed to rabbit humanoid, then dispatched his latest opponent with a rapid, continuous thump-thump of his feet. 
True, the boar humanoid staggered backward one drunken-like step at a time as Blade Runner pounded his jaw, as he punished the hulking man-beast's face with his kicks. Soon enough to suit the referee, the brute's smallish eyeballs crossed, spun like wormholes, and disappeared upward. He bellowed a defeated grunt, then crashed against the curved side of the arena wall. 
"Timber!" someone shouted from the whooping, cheering crowd. 
"You will excuse me," Blade Runner acknowledged the ringmaster. "I must tend to a matter of business." He gave a nod toward Dante, who leaned arms folded, waiting for him. 
"Yeah, go ahead," Jarrod, the gator shifter dismissed. "When the boss man wants ya, no questions asked." 
Pausing only to slide into his fighter's robe, then shift to his human form, Blade Runner made quick work of moving through the crowd. The semi smirk on Dante's face clued him in. The alpha had an offbeat mission in mind, and obviously required Blade Runner's assistance. 
"The wolf man with a plan?" Blade Runner raised his brow. 
"Fresh organic carrot juice," Dante tempted, arching his brow. 
"You know I am unable to resist such a delight." Blade Runner fell into step beside Dante as the wolf pivoted, striding down the corridor. "Is there a danger to the Peak? To our territory?" 
"You could say that. Monster hunter named Cochrane has a grudge large as a bull elk against Vernon and the former mayor." 
"Ah, yes, I recall that amusing tale. I will assume this Cochrane wants his brand of revenge." 
Blade Runner followed Dante inside one of the club's herbie juice barsthis one obviously closest to the fight arena. His nose twitched uncontrollably, filled with the fragrance of freshly delivered carrots. He'd developed quite the fondness for the Earth vegetable, especially the heirloom varieties. 
"Revenge, yeah," Dante growled, once Blade Runner had savored a tall glass of juice. "Cochrane has a car trunk full of serious weapons. He plans on playin' the hero for humanity by going Rambo on Talbot's Peak." 
"Rambo?" Blade Runner's inner rabbit ears stood tall. 
"Never mind." Dante grinned, and leaned his elbows on their corner table. "Forgot you're still learning about our culture, space bunny. Speaking of, is that UFO craft of yours operational right now?" 
That perked Blade Runner's ears even higher. "I took a spin the other night. Quite operational. What manner of mission do you have in mind?" 
"Got backup plans in place." Dante grinned like a wolf who knew his prey was helpless. "But scat, I like this plan a whole lot better. You know how we discussed those abductions by the Grays, and keeping those little bio-bots and their masters outta our skies." 

**** 

Enjoying the aerial chase, his blood sizzling fiercely, Blade Runner soared above Cochrane as he sped down the highway toward Talbot's Peak. Of course, at this point the monster hunter didn't realize he was the hunted -- the one being tracked not only by the space rabbit, but by Dante's ground team stationed along this stretch. 
Just for his own amusement, Blade Runner hummed the tones from the movie, "Close Encounters of the Third Kind". Ah, humankind and their imaginings... they had no idea about the breadth and depth of life in their solar system let alone life in the surrounding galaxy. 
Be that as it may, Blade Runner had allowed himself to be attired in one of Lamar's silver, stretch jumpsuits. He also wore an alien Gray Halloween mask made out of something dreadful called latex. Just to add his own sense of the weird, he poked his rabbit ears through two holes in the mask. 
Once Cochrane traveled over a long straight section of the roadso anyone else driving could easily spot his stalled car -- Blade Runner made his UFO move. He blasted Cochrane with a cone of white blinding light. At the same moment, he touched on a specialized laser beam shutting the car's engine down. 
For seconds, Blade Runner let Cochrane stew in the juices of his own terror. "Having fun now, monster hunter?" he muttered, before activating his *beam me up Scottie* tech, which was really only for gathering rock and flora specimens. It should work without scrambling too much of the idiot human's genes and particle matrix. 
Of course, the man's garments wouldn't survive the trip aboard his craft. Blade Runner prepared himself mentally for the ugly lumpy sight. Mirth also caused him to chuckle at the big bad hunter's *I'm bare-ass naked* predicament. 
"Ah yes, I need the proper probe, don't I?" Blade Runner reminded himself. 
Cochrane landed with a decided thump on the flat surface Blade Runner used to prepare meals. "Hover. Shields up," he spoke to the craft's control core. A soft buzz sounded letting him know they were now invisible to advanced-tech sweeps. 
"On with the show," Blade Runner bolstered himself for the task ahead. Neural wand in hand -- especially effective against humans -- he moved within his kitchen. 
Menacingly, Blade Runner pointed the silvery wand at the blinking but surprisingly alert Cochrane. "What's up, doc?" Blade Runner greeted, his voice muffled by the mask. Inside, he grinned at his Bugs Bunny imitation, most probably lost on his captive.
The beast-distasteful human lifted his head, staring the proverbial daggers. "You fucking alien freak, where am I?" 
Blade Runner zapped the bravado-stupid human between his blackhole-looking eyes. His over-large head hit the hard surface. Crack! 
"Obedience is required, pathetic creature," he intoned, using a semi-robotic voicethe affect likely unheard due to the mask. 
Cochrane stayed dead still for several minutes. "Probe me," he dared in a voice like a buzz saw, a term Blade Runner now understood. "Get it over with. I know you alien freakazoids aren't allowed to kill us." 
"Your knowledge astounds me, mere human." Blade Runner moved so he stood beside the ghastly smelling monster hunter. He pointed the wand at his ape-hairy chest. 
By the cosmos, Cochrane's odor could knock out planetary life for miles around. Blade Runner resisted the urge to douse him with a cleansing ray bath. For that matter any shapeshifter worth his nose would have scented the hunter's arrival, and cleared out, or taken the mental midget down. 
"What?" Cochrane challenged, his tone nasty as a bulldog with a rotten tooth... Blade Runner had crossed paths with such a beast once. "Alien motherfucker? Aren't you going to turn me over, and stick that probe up my butt?" 
Blade Runner winced at the thought. "Your genes are hardly worth a butt probe. Although... come to think of it, your genetic code could serve as a warning of how not to seed another planet world." 
"Wait!" the monster hunter's voice boomed like a crack of thunder, and fear edged his tone. He eyed Blade Runner's rabbit ears for long seconds, his eyes bulging out of their sockets. "You're... you're one of those mutant hybrids. From the secret lab. That hell-mad doctor is real. So, you cowardly ugly aliens are collaborating..." 
"Collaborating!?" Blade Runner boomed back, the sound carrying despite his mask. "Why would we bother with a mad scientist on Earth? Those are a dime a dozen, to phrase it in your colloquial terms. Our labs are quite sufficient" 
Cochrane writhed in an attempt to leap up. Blade Runner zinged a pulse into his heart muscle, lightly shocking him. The big bad monster hunter gurgled a scream, laying inert as unformed clay. 
"You crude beasts never learn," Blade Runner reprimanded. "No wonder your planet is a prison world." 
Given the allotment of time had passed for Dante's crew to liberate Cochrane's cache of weaponry, Blade Runner decided he'd endured enough. About to press his palm device and activate the return beam, he heard the smelly, hapless hunter croak, "What's up, doc? That's what you said." 
"Eh, what's up, doc?" Blade Runner cartoon-voiced. Indeed, amusement was where you found it. 
"I got it," Cochrane sneered. "You're in league with those filthy bastards, the Chinese. They got that Jade Rabbit rover on the moon. This is some sort of creepy inside joke, right... Bugs Bunny?" 
"You're brainy assessment is quite wrong." Blade Runner waggled his rabbit ears. "With all of your research on monsters, don't you know?" He paused for dramatic affect. "Bugs Bunny, as you refer to him, is one of us." 


Chapter Twelve: 
Doctor? Who? 

By Pat Cunningham 

Dante's enemiesand the guardian of Talbot's Peak had quite a fewoften wondered if the seemingly-omniscient wolf ever slept. For instance, he was still awake and dressed at three in the morning when the van pulled up to the bar. Ewan, naked as a jaybird and just as chatty, got out, with a human she in tow. He pounded on the bar's locked door and demanded to see Dante. "Hate to bust in like this," he said when finally ushered into Dante's presence, "but we got a hunter out at the Rocky Top looking to blast all comers. Oh, this is Maureen. One of us kidnapped the other one. We're still working out who's who." 
"Are you the Doctor?" the woman asked. 
For a long time Dante just stood there, his narrow glare bouncing back and forth between the shifter male and human female. Finally he took Maureen by the hand. "My office," he ordered Ewan. 
Ewan shrugged and left Maureen to Dante. He wouldn't hurt her, even though she was human and a hunter of sorts. She was probably safer with Dante than she was with her erstwhile partners. 
Once in Dante's office he shifted and curled up on the floor for a wolfnap. This had been one nonstop Saturday night, and only looked to get more interesting as the hours wore on. Best to grab rest when he could. 
Sure enough, way too soon Dante woke him with a nudge of his foot. Ewan got up and switched back to human, and accepted the Levis and shirt Dante handed him. "How's Maureen?" he asked while he pulled on the pants. 
"Fine, for the time being. You?" 
"Just a might ticked. I mean, getting a bag thrown over your head and dragged into a van can be fun, but only if you plan for it." He buttoned up the shirt. "Same for being tied to a bed. It's just not the same when hunters do it. Oh, and that dingo dog just happened to show up at the Rocky Top. Funny how that worked out." 
"Hoover warned me about that bunch as soon as they checked in. I was fishing for information. I needed bait. Dugger rode along in case matters got out of hand. I have confidence in your ability to preserve your own hide." 
"A little warning would have been nice." So would an apology, but Ewan knew better. As an alpha, Dante had to be ruthless sometimes. Ewan shrugged it off with a coyote's what-the-hell attitude. He'd chucked a human into Dante's lap, so he figured they were even. "The Loony Toon Brigade is after those mutts of your dad's. They think we're building werewolves out of innocent humans. Cochrane wants Vernon McMahon and Lance Lincoln's heads on a skewer. Any other shifter dies along the way, he'll be happy." 
"Why did you bring that woman here?" 
"It wasn't exactly my idea. Anyway, they already know you're involved, or at least the bar is. They came here hunting a werewolf victim, didn't they? This bunch has done their homework. Cochrane's a pro, and the rest of them are just stupid enough to be dangerous." 
"Especially now that they know about the Doctor. That was foolish." 
"What? I dropped a little chum in the water to see if the sharks would bite. It's not like  scat." Ewan breathed out a growl. "Don't tell me there really is a Doctor." 
"My sire's been secretly working with select humans for longer than he wants anybody to know. I thought the 'Doctor,' whatever his real name is, was only a rumor too. Then the mutants appeared. We had a chance to examine them when Marissa's spell turned that one band into horses. Their wolf and human DNA had been knit together with Hancock shifter. My sire is using his pack to make monsters. He has to be stopped." 
But not killed. Ewan slid away from that topic with practiced finesse. "The Monster Squad will hit here first. They found one wolf here, they'll figure they might find more." 
"Not for some time. My sources tell me most of them are currently incarcerated. I'll see what I can do to keep them there. Cochrane's on the loose. He worries me more. I'm guessing he'll head for town. He can do the most damage there." 
"Yeah. He wants to kill shifters, all he has to do is stand in the square and start shooting." Ewan sighed. "I'm up at bat again, aren't I?" 
"You're on standby. We have others in town watching out for Cochrane. You  " Dante grinned viciously. "You have a prisoner to guard." 

**** 

Dante had put Maureen in one of his special rooms. This one had been tricked out to look like a harem room, minus all the semi-naked girls. She was awake and curled up on a pile of cushions. She stared at Ewan warily when he came in. Ewan just plain stared. 
Well now. Hell-oooo, Daphne. 
Somebody had got her out of her baggy duds and into a little wraparound thingie that showed off a lot of scrawny arm and leg. He still couldn't see any boobage, but he had a better idea now of where it might be. That same somebody had applied cosmetics with a master's hand. Her eyes now dominated her face instead of those clunky glasses, and her lips appeared larger and infinitely kissable. The blush, he figured, was probably natural. 
He shut the door and plopped down on a nearby cushion. Not too nearby, because she still looked a might skittish. However, she appeared happy to see him, which he took as encouragement. "They treating you okay?" 
"Pretty much," she said. "Who was that other guy? The mastermind?" 
"Nah, just the bar owner. He's a little ticked you guys picked his business as ground zero for an invasion. Things like that cut into profits. I see he helped you clean up, though." 
"That wasn't him." Yep, that blush was the real deal. "Thisthis chorus girl saw me, and shrieked, and dragged me into the ladies' room and said I needed a makeover. She did my face and gave me this dress and then she left me here." She plucked at the hem of the dress. "It doesn't really fit me. I figured I could use it for a nightie." 
"Chorus girl? A redhead?" 
"No, she had pink hair. Tall, with a deep voice." Suspicion leaped into her mascara'd eyes. "Y'know, I think she might have been a guy." 
"Ah. That's Lamar. He's harmless. Just don't let him hug you. He hates to let go." 
"They'll come straight here, you know," she said, switching tracks. "We've been studying this place. We ID'd over a dozen werecreatures, not just wolves." 
"We?" Ewan said. "Or you?" 
She scooted a little bit away from him. "I don't know what you mean." 
"I think you do." Finally he got his finger on why her scent hit him as so homey. "You're pretty good at spotting wolves, aren't you? I figure that comes natural to you. Just how much wolf you got in you?" 



Chapter Thirteen: 
The Mutant-landia of Damien Hancock 

By Savanna Kougar 

Damien Hancock, the werewolf pack leader who had first seized Talbot's Peak, growled orders to the four betas following in his wake. "Useless curs," he muttered, as they entered his hidden underground lab located near Pike's Peak. 
An unnatural silence enveloped him once the ten-foot thick steel door closed, sealing them inside. His terror campaign to rid Talbot's Peak of humans and cat shapeshifters was yet to be fulfilled, to his everlasting rage. 
But Damien was a werewolf man with a devious plan. Several diabolical plans to be scat exact. 
He'd be damned before showing his throat, or bowing to the genius maneuvering of his second son, Dante. A reluctant respect gripped his innards, and Damien barked a harsh growl at himself. 
The cat-licking, human-loving renegade cubwho favored his dam and had been corrupted by her soft pawcountered his every move like a master chessboard player but with deadly-attack strategies when required. Dante could fang-rip out the jugular with the best of them. 
He'd learned that much from his sire. 
Damien smirked, then reminded himself he owned the last fang-ruthless move. Toothy grinning, he sauntered slowly, studying Morloxian's latest army of demon-eyed killer beasts. 
Behind a specialized, black-ops grade of plexiglass, on both sides of the ten foot corridor, mutant werewolves occupied huge cubicles. Frozen in a state of stasis, the hideously formed beasts could be activated, loosed on an unsuspecting enemyor any populationat a moment's notice. 
In anticipation, Damien grinned, his lips thinning over his protuding fangs. As he understood the mad scientist's explanation, originally Dire wolf variants had been infected with a dinosaur-ravaging virus discovered in the depths of the Amazon jungle. Of course, Morloxian constantly added his own evil-genius refinements to the gene-bubbling brew. 
Recently he'd included the murderous instincts and superior agility of Jackals and Hyenas. Morloxian's gleeful recitation of the process still echoed inside Damien's head, the memory like a B horror movie but without the humorous silliness he enjoyed on occasion. 
As he watched the steel door slide open, Damien girded his loins, preparing himself for the offal stench of the mad-dog scientist. Morloxian remained in a perpetual state of half shift, and no matter his attempt to cleanse himself, the odor stuck to him like fresh tomcat scat. 
"Sir." Morloxian glided forward in his strange gait, offering his deformed paw-hand, the one with the unusually long and dextrous fingers. 
Random patches and tufts of werewolf fur covered his 'bright as a billiard ball' bald headand his body as Damien had been a witness to once. Pained howls to hell, once was enough, as the inane saying went. 
To his credit, Morloxian always wore an immaculately clean white lab coat. Damien resisted the urge to howl a laugh as he briefly embraced the lumpy monstrosity within his semi-morphed hand. Whiskers sprouted haphazardly on the scientist's Boris Karloff like features, giving him a cartoon-comical appearance. 
"Impressive," Damien growled, referring to the stasis army of mutant werewolves he'd just viewed. 
"You ain't seen nothing yet," Morloxian joked in his cracking-odd voice. He waggled his mismatched brows, bushy brows that should only have belonged on a grizzled old mountain man. 
"Show me. Are the funds in order?" Damien thought to ask. A happy mad scientist was exceptionally, insanely creative, as he'd learned. 
"More than sufficient, sir. My team has made good progress on those samples you sent of the horse-altered mutants. Although, magick is always a tricky beast to define, and incorporate into the genetic matrix. However," Morloxian stretched his thick, semi-twisted mouth into a smile. "I assure you it can be accomplished." 
"I have every faith in your ability. That brings me to one reason for this meeting. I have word from a trusted source... one of your team is an infiltrator." Damien let the rest of his thought hang and blow in the mighty wind of his alpha power, while keenly observing Morloxian's reaction. 
"Could you be more specific, sir?" Nothing but respect shone in Morloxian's very human eyes. "You vetted, and have the dossiers on every one of my assistants." 
"Yes. So, I do," Damien widened his lips into a smile of acceptance, given the emotional fragility of the werewolf-bitten human. "Why don't you take me on the grand tour? The nose knows. Sniffing out the scat vermin could be quite entertaining for all of us. And," Damien enticed, "give you more useful genetics to play with... perhaps, even a cure." 
Morloxian frowned, only enough to demonstrate his point, not as a challenge. "I no longer care about a cure for my... ah... condition, sir. I've come to enjoy my franken-wolf state." He smiled like a jester fool atop a king's hill. "Some females seem to enjoy my 'extra' prowess." 
"Yes, I can imagine." Damien clapped his 'ace' against Dante on the shoulder in an intentional human gesture of affection. Such bonding created loyalty, as he'd learned over his lengthy life. "How is your harem?" 
A red stain spread over Morloxian's face, then the bald areas of his head. 
"No need for words," Damien growled in a friendly manner. "Show me your latest project. Then, we'll sniff out the infiltrator, and have our fun." 
"Mammoth genes," Morloxian burst out. "They're all over the black market now. I was able to secure a viable set. You should see the prototype I've created." 
Damien wickedly glittered inside with the possibilities of such a formidable creature. "A mammoth mutant werewolf?" 
"With tusks that can take out any military tank," Morloxian enthused. 
"That does take priority..." Damien envisioned the 'out of the bowels of hell' damage he could wreak on Talbot's Peak proper... on Dante's fortress, the Pleasure Club. 



Chapter Fourteen: 
Secret Origins 
By Pat Cunningham 

"My great-grammy was a hunter," Maureen said. She wouldn't look Ewan straight in the eye. "She didn't always kill the monsters she caught. Sometimes she, uh  " 
Ewan nodded. "Your great-grammy married a wolf shifter." 
"Oh no. She never married. She just really loved her  work. I've got a ton of freaky relatives." 
"Uh-huh," Ewan murmured, while thinking, You go, granny. "So your branch of the family tree got the wolf genes?" 
"Some wolf genes," she corrected. "It's thinned out over the generations. I've got enough that I can spot other werebeasts." 
"But not enough to shift." 
"No." She kicked at a cushion. "Not enough to shift. That's why I've been trying to find a real werewolf. The more I found out about Talbot's Peak, the more I hoped  but you're not traditional werewolves, are you? You can't help me." 
"Not that way," Ewan admitted. "Doesn't mean we couldn't come up with something. Magic or whatnot. It worked for the Mayor. He started out human, but now he turns into a squirrel three nights a month." 
She finally looked back at him, and even smiled a little. "You don't have to lie to cheer me up." 
"No lie. I'm telling you, Talbot's Peak is one weird place." He edged a little closer to her. She didn't move away. "As long as we're coming clean on our backgrounds, I might as well fess up. I'm not all wolf either. I'm mostly coyote. And I'm not a cowboy. I was born and raised in Passaic, New Jersey. The wolf half of the family's related to the Hancocks, so when my paws started itching I came west." 
"So it's mostly wolves here?" 
"It's mostly bunnies. They breed faster. The wolves just think they're in charge. There's a tiger clan out in the foothills. Some bears, a few miscellaneous breeds. That's it for apex predators. Everything else is herbivorous. Except for the Mayor, we're all born shifters. No bitee, no changee. Sorry, darlin'. That's just how it is." 
"Yeah." Maureen's shoulders slumped. They just happened to slump in his direction. Somebody had to help hold them up, so he put his arm around them. Chaos, they were bony. His wolf instincts sat up, stretched, and shook off the coyote influence. No he-wolf ever let a she-wolf go hungry. You had to look out for your pack. 
"When's the last time you ate?" he asked her. 
"I dunno. Lunch, maybe. Ted got some cheese fries at the bar while we were looking for a subject. I grabbed one off his plate." She rubbed her flat stomach. "I guess I could eat something. Might as well. I'm too wound up to sleep." 
"Tell you what: how about we stroll over to the kitchen and see what leftovers they haven't tossed out yet? Dante always overbuys on burger because he knows the kitchen staff snacks. Not to mention the hot wings are to die for. They're probably out of those." 
She had her hand on his forearm. It was small and warm and trembling. "What's going to happen to me?" 
"Long run? Well, Dante will keep you locked up and out of the way until we can deal with this mess, then have somebody, probably me, drive you back to the exit with a warning to leave town or else. Short term, you're going to get dragged to the kitchen and forced to eat a proper meal." Sudden terror clutched at his gut. "You're not vegetarian, are you?" 
"I've got wolf in me. How could I be?" 
Thank Chaos. He puffed out a yip of relief. "Then allow me to treat you to dinner, Miss Kidnapper Hunter Wolf Gal." 
He offered her his arm. She smiled at him. Then she whapped him over the head with a cushion. 
Surprise more than impact knocked Ewan over backward. The back of his head said howdy to the wall. He shook off the stars and whipped the cushion aside just in time to spot Maureen fling back the door and dash into the hallway. 
Typical human. Not quite as smart but just as tricky as any coyote born. "My kind of woman," he said with a grin, and leaped up to lope in pursuit. 


Chapter Fifteen: 
Werewolf and Witch By Lineage 

By Savanna Kougar 

Werewolf and witch by lineage, Sulandra, used her psi-power, listening to her grandsire, Damien Hancock, interrogate and shmooze Morloxianthe humpy-bumpy, butt sniffer. Scat, so far she'd been able to fend off his grab-ass, clumsy advances whenever she did her own conversational interrogation of him. After all, even mad scientists had to be fed, and she'd signed on to be his personal cook. 
Mammoth mutant werewolf! That got Sulandra's rabid attention. Escaping, her goal the compound's delivery tunnel, she paused in her stealthy stride. 
The very instant the mafioso-like pack leader entered the underground lab's main corridor, Sulandra had realized it was time to get the effing hell out of Dodge, or in this case Colorado. 
Damien's on-the-hunt scent for the infiltrator, her, hit Sulandra's nostrils like acid. She'd grabbed her backpack, then slowly wended her way through the black-as-tar labyrinth. 
With her superior senses, she'd memorized the path despite being blindfolded, then allowed sight only once inside the delivery arealarger than any warehouse Sulandra had ever seen. Suddenly low, hideous warning snarls blasted down her human witchy spine. 
Yep, the hellhound-werewolf combo was on guard. "Hey, Yorgo, you're going to let me pass without a big nasty battle... aren't you?" Sulandra snatched the large ball of raw beef out of her pocket. "Here ya go," she soothingly coaxed. 
Yorgo's thunder-engine growl ceased. He sniffed noisily, his blood-red nostrils like strangely moving orbs in the blackness. Sulandra hadn't been stupid enough to try infusing the meat with any drug, potion, or spell. Yorgo would have immediately known, wanting to chomp her down as a snack instead. 
Sulandra gave the beef ball a toss toward him. As his jaws snapped like a wildlife trap around the meat, she scooted against the wall past his giant bulk. Yorgo emanated a poisonous odor that reminded her of a cigarette smoke-saturated motel room. With difficulty, Sulandra held her breath and stifled her urge to cough her lungs out. 
She ran. From the palm of her hand, Sulandra threw a lightballher own witchy version of 'gps'having prepared it for this day. Simultaneously, Yorgo's enraged roar shook the steel and concrete tunnel. His heavy footsteps raced after her, thunder meeting an earthquake. 
With adrenaline flooding her bloodstream, Sulandra sprinted faster. A champion marathoner in werewolf circles, she gained a bit of distance, even as licks of fire roasted her human butt. 
No! she ordered when her wolf ferociously growled, demanding to be let loose. Sulandra still needed her human fingers to open the delivery door. That is, if the code hadn't been changed or automatically switched off. 
Ouch-scat! hellfire lashed her back... but, irony of ironies, she'd been living in the lab-boiling pits of hell, alright. Charging into the short tunnel leading to the delivery entrance, Sulandra threw her force at the lightball. Instantly, it sizzled brightly, then reversed direction, flying past her. 
Yorgo screamed in agony. Sulandra slowed and whipped around. Direct hit! Right between his four, monstrously big, blazing crimson eyes. 
Unable to see, Yorgo crashed about searching for her by scent. Resuming her running stride, Sulandra sprinted for the control panel before... 
Blinding light filled the entire warehouse-like area. Sulandra stopped in her tracks. Momentarily. Keeping her eyelids clenched so her retinas wouldn't burn, she opened her psi eyes. 
"Surrender, bitch." As if he snarled through a thousand megaphones, Damien Hancock's voice pulsed around her. 
"Yeah, yeah, granddad," Sulandra muttered under her breath, while rapidly touching in the code. 
She hoped to Goddess moon, she didn't have to waste her supernatural powers on tripping the circuitry. Escaping Damien Hancock's formidable reach, would take far more than freeing herself from his massive crypto-monster lab. 
Just as Sulandra heard the frequency hum meant to paralyze her, then jellify her whole, the thirty foot steel doors began to buzz and slide open. Whirling, Sulandra sped the short distance, then shoved through the crack. 
Wintery air slapped her face. As Sulandra opened her eyes, the bright afternoon sunlight caused her to blink rapidly. She shifted to wolf 'asap', ripping her minimal clothing apartall while hearing humongous paws crunch over the thick layer of snow. 
The mutant werewolves guarding the lab were on her trail. And no, they wouldn't be satisfied with a piece of her tail, either. The crazed beasts would shred her into unrecognizable pieces, if her plan failed. 
Sulandra swiftly bounded over the ice-blanketed snow toward the cave system she'd remote viewed, but had never actually been inside. Behind her, the pack of mutant werewolves gained ground, their long running strides nearly silent now. 
A cold calm replaced the fear starting to fester inside her. All she had to do was find the brush-covered entrance, then wiggle through... shots rang out! 
Sulandra leaped in reaction, startled. This wasn't ordinary rifle ammo being fired. More like the sound of military style tracers combined with M-80 firecrackers. 
Keeping her spy cool, Sulandra focused on the surroundings she'd memorized via remote viewing. Howls-eureka! Sliding to a halt before the outcropping of rock, she dug with frenzied paws, spraying the snow behind her. 
Then, like the fiend some considered her to befools theySulandra yanked away the brush overgrowth with her fangs. About to clear the entrance, she heard, "I've dispatched them, my lovely. Care to go for a ride on my copter?" 



Chapter Sixteen: 
The Grand Tour 

By Pat Cunningham 

Maureen darted blindly into the hallway, picked a direction, and ran. She'd tried to keep track of all the turns, but between the bar owner and the chorus "girl" (the jury was still out on her gender) she'd gotten fairly well turned around. No matter. There had to be a fire exit somewhere. Sooner or later she'd find it. 
Pity she'd had to run out on the cutest guy she'd encountered in ages. However, she didn't have any choice. No one in Talbot's Peak was a traditional werewolf. They couldn't help her. Eventually the shifters would remember she was both human and a hunter. Ewan had promised her she'd be safe, but c'mon, let's be realistic here. 
She heard his boots clomping somewhere behind her and frantically tried one of the many doors that lined the hall. It swung open easily. She ducked inside. 
Right into a blood-chilling scream. 
Another scream followed it, then another, before the screamers realized they had company and stopped. They stared at her. Maureen stared back. 
They were  goats. Mountain goats, barnyard goats, hairy Angoras, and one out-of-place-looking llama. Each was mounted over the tail of the goat in front of them. They looked like they were joined in a conga line. Maureen peered more closely. No, that was not a conga line. 
The llama broke ranks and shifted into a thirtyish naked man. "This isn't what it looks like," he said. 
"The hell it's not." One of the screaming goats had morphed into a woman, pushing 40 hard with both hands. "Do you mind?" she said to Maureen. "We've got this room for another hour." 
"Sorry." Face flaming, Maureen escaped into the hall again. 
The next door she tried led into what looked like an elementary classroom. A naked man was bent over an antique desk, while a woman in a Catholic schoolgirl uniform two sizes too small spanked him with a ruler. The woman looked Maureen up and down. "You want the harem room," she said. "End of the hall, turn left, third door on the right." 
"I'm looking for an exit." 
"In that case, make a right, and keep making rights until you get to the stairs." She tilted her head as if listening, and grinned. "Better hurry. Sounds like he's catching up." 
Now Maureen could also hear Ewan, rushing through the halls and yelling her name. Getting closer. She raced to the end of the hall and turned right. A Ewan-shaped shadow loomed across the wall, forcing Maureen to take refuge again in the first room that opened to her. She shut the door and only then saw where she was. 
Oh spit. 
This room looked like a barn, with hay and saddles and tack scattered around. A nude, redheaded man sat on a milking stool with a seven-foot snake wrapped around him. The snake was engaged in swallowing the man's dick. The reptile wore a pink wig. 
Maureen shot into the hall. She slammed the door and leaned against it, with her hands clapped to her mouth to hold back a scream. Neither man nor snake had noticed her. 
Then Ewan was beside her and prying her hands loose. She didn't scream, but her gasps had a screamy quality. "In there," she said. "A snake's eating somebody!" 
"Must be Jamie and Lamar, then. Swallowing and squeezing are what he does best. I guess it works for them. I prefer mammalian partners myself." 
"What is this place?" Maureen demanded, still in the screamy voice. With Ewan's arms tightly around her and something that wasn't his belt buckle poking her in the hip, the light finally dawned. "This is a sex club." 
"The Interspecies Pleasure Club," Ewan said. "You and your pals missed out when you were here earlier. It might have changed your opinion about Talbot's Peak. It's a lot more fun than hunting shifters, I tell you what." 
"You're holding me captive in a sex club! A salacious subterranean shapeshifter sex shop!" 
"Betcha can't say that five times fast." 
Maureen shoved at his chest, for all the good that did. "Let me go, you son of a bitch!" 
"Hey, she can swear after all. Quiet down. You're safe. It's all consenting adults here. Nobody's forced to do twisted stuff against their will. Not unless they pay for the room first." 
The shoves weren't helping, so she quit. "Shapeshifters have a sex club?" 
"It's that or cruise bars. I like this better. Beats sniffing butts in some dive's restroom. Not that I've ever done that. Or used any of these rooms. Too rich for my wallet. Everything I just said is hypothetical." 
He eased up on his grip. Maureen stayed where she was, pressed up against him. The shivers had finally set in, and she needed his solid body to keep her standing. On the other side of the door, the snake's "victim" started to yodel. This was joined by a loud, happy hiss. 
Ewan steered her away from the door, to the right, toward the exit. "Don't be upset you're upset. This is usually too much for most humans. I guess you've got your own problems. Being the only girl in the group and all." 
Maureen snorted. "I wish. Those yutzes are barely one step up from living in their parents' basements. Ted's into food, Barry's stoned half the time, Lowenstein's a jerk, I think Pete's gay, and Atcheson  " The shivers kicked in again, even harder. "He's crazy. Crazier than Cochrane. I always made sure I was never alone with him. Any one of them would have killed me if they'd known I have shifter blood." 
"You don't have to worry about that here. Talbot's Peak is a refuge for fullblooded shifters, halfbloods, quarterbloods, or anybody with only a couple of drops. We even take regular humans, but you have to be really nice. No assholes. We've got enough of those in the fullblood camp." He smiled. Maureen felt her shivers diminish. "Nobody's going to use you for a chew toy. I'm here to see that doesn't happen." 
Maureen smiled back at him. "Your hand's on my butt."
"Yeah, I know. Security measure. I take my duties seriously. How about we have that dinner now? The kitchen's right up ahead." 



Chapter Seventeen: 
Zondros, Ace Pilot and Monster Hunter 

By Savanna Kougar 

Zondros, ace pilot and monster hunter, swooped low over the tall pines but pushed his modified helicopter to full speed. The instant Dante had gotten wind that his sire, Damien, was on the move, the alpha wolf leader had contacted. 
They'd been best buds through several skirmishes in the jungles of Thailand, rescuing hapless humans from the demon trolls who infested the outlying areas. Of course, this had been after they'd pummeled each other with bare fists for hours. Later over beers Zondros realized the werewolf was his ally, not a mindless fiend. 
Zondros had been tracking a Bigfoot family in Coloradoprotecting them from a black-ops team ordered to capture then bring them to a secret genetics labwhen he'd spotted a pack of roaming mutant werewolves. A month earlier, Dante had put the word out about the mutants to Zondros' clandestine network of hunters  their mission: protect innocent humans and on-the-good-side *not humans* while hunting down the dangerous monsters. 
Trouble was, Zondros hadn't been able to discover the precise location of Damien's mountain-shielded lab. Not until recently, when Gypsy Red Wolf and a witch named, Marissa, had heard an attempt at telepathic communication, then penetrated the layer upon layer of sorcery shrouding the Doctor Moreau lab. 
From that point, the infiltrator who only identified herself as Wolf Friend, had loosed bursts of info infrequently, but enough so Zondros knew the compound's approximate location, and had been on daily patrol. Waiting. 
On his monitor, Zondros watched the smallish athletic woman burst out of her clothing then morph to wolf in the near blink of an eye. With a backpack between her shoulder blades, she shot from the lab's hidden entrance. At a dead run the silver-coated wolfess raced along a route she'd obviously already planned out. 
Concerned despite her amazing speed, Zondros smoothly dived toward a natural platform of rock. Quickly landing his small, nearly silent copter, he grabbed his ray blaster and jumped out. 
Given his own superior strength, Zondros made quick tracks through the deep snow. Sighting the gorgeous wolf digging furiously, he sprang on top of a flat-surfaced boulder, then hollered, "I've dispatched them, my lovely." 
With a snout full of brush, she whipped her gaze to him. "Care to go for a ride on my copter?" he asked. "Dante sent me," he added, when her eyes glowed savagely. 
A split second later, she dropped the brush and raced in his direction. Zondros fired an energy blast at the charging pack of mutant werewolves. The micro-sound waves fried their limited brains enough to halt them, and send them into crazed nose-to-tail circles. 
He launched off the boulder, waving at the brave wolfess to follow him. Side by side, they sprinted toward his low humming copter. The panel doors opened, recognizing his energy signature. 
She sprang insideone fluid motionwhile Zondros hauled ass into his seat. With a few touches of his controls, he sailed them upward but on a trajectory away from the lab. Only the One Above knew what advanced-horror tech Damien possessed. 
Keeping an eye on his sensors, he also eyed his panting passenger from his peripheral vision. She sat calmly, her gaze locked on his monitor. 
Once they reached a high enough altitude, Zondros focused on flying, and hit his rockets as he called the copter's double-barreled propulsion. 
With a tight hold on his controls, Zondros gave his full attention to keeping them airborne. Flight could be tricky, especially if they entered a pocket of turbulence. 
"How fast does this, this thing fly?" he heard a soft voice ask. 
Zondros risked a sideways glance, and caught the naked woman reaching for a wool survival blanket. Re-focusing, he removed the image of beautiful, cocoa-tinted skin, of a long graceful arm, and a mop of pale, ginger-colored curls. 
"If I tell you, I'll have to kill you," he joked in his swaggering tone. 
"Seriously?" she asked, the softness of her voice at odds with what he'd expected. 
"No. Let's say it's close to the speed of sound. We're headed for Talbot's Peak," he added to put the werewolfess at ease. "By the by, the name is Zondros." 
"Ah..." The word was a puff of air. "Do you know who you remind me of?" She paused, and Zondros resisted his rising lust, not looking at her from the corner of his eye. 
"The Red Baron," she continued. "You know, geared out in leather, scarf in the wind, the goggles, even that super rifle... how do you know Dante?" 
"We got to know each other in Thailand during his world travels. Fisticuffs led to male bonding, you could say." 
Zondros felt her nod. "I'm Sulandra, his niece... but he's never met me. You know, the secret baby thing." 
"Sulandra, a pleasure to meet you," Zondros charmed and wished they were getting to know each other, having drinks at an upscale bar. "Secret baby?" he pursued, knowing she'd opened the door. 
"Devon Hancock is my sire. I doubt he owns a damn clue, though. My mother is a witch, and she probably cast a spell..." her voice trailed away. 
Forcing himself to concentrate, Zondros eased back on the copter's speed and began his descent toward the shapeshifter enclave. He'd spent little time at the Pleasure Club, given his monster hunting missions. Now the desire to accept Dante's standing invitation leaped up and grabbed him by the throat. Not to mention his deprived cock activated itself at the mere thought of being with Sulandra. And he'd yet to see her face. Or her other beauteous attributes. 
"Will you stay with me?" she asked, her tone even softer than before. "II don't really know anyone, except telepathically. But not personally. And... there's something about you I trust." 
Zondros swallowed the sudden lump in his throat. The werewolfess, and her unexpected vulnerability, had gotten to him already. "Count on it. Dante and I are overdo for a long catch-up conversation, and a barroom bash and crash." 
"Bash and crash," she repeated, a giggle in her voice. 
"Male bonding must be reinforced," Zondros drily quipped. 
"Talbot's Peak is in mucho trouble." Sulandra spoke in a sober tone. 



Chapter Eighteen: 
Convergence 

By Pat Cunningham 

Overture, curtain, lights. This is it, the night of nights. The players have been introduced, the plot is rolling, the stage is set. That stage is Talbot's Peak. 

**** 

Out at the exit, the police release the Scooby Gang at dawn. They have no real charges to hold them oneveryone agrees Cochrane, currently MIA, was the only one with a gunand the cops need the cells for the drunk drivers and brawlers that litter the strip every Saturday night. Even Barry receives a Get Out of Jail Free" card. While the others were ditching their knives, he was flushing his last bag of Panama Red. Barry's from California. He knows the drill. 
The cast assembles at the far end of the cop shop parking lot: Atcheson ("Freddie"), Barry ("Shaggy"), Ted ("Comic Book Guy"), and Lowenstein ("Agent Mulder"). Atcheson tries Cochrane's number and gets no response. Ditto for Maureen and Pete. He pockets the phone with a vicious oath, his face contorted in frustration. 
"What now?" Lowenstein says. "Breakfast?" Ted asks hopefully. 
"Screw breakfast," Atcheson says. His eyes are glittering. This is his chance to seize command, and he grabs it with both hands. "We have to find Cochrane. The werewolf bit him. He's a monster now, just like the rest of them. He has to die. For his own good," he quickly adds, noting the expressions of alarm on the faces of his team. "Nobody wants to live as a monster. He'll thank us, believe me." 
After a moment, they reluctantly nod. Like Ewan before him, Atcheson reaches the conclusion his partners aren't very bright. That doesn't dull the thrill of power becoming their new leader gives him. Hunting and killing monsters is what he was born to do. Especially the killing part. 
He gives his first orders. "Cochrane's bound to head for Talbot's Peak. That's where we need to go." He gazes around the parking lot. The motel's at least a mile away, and the van may not even be there. On the other hand, half a dozen cop cars are parked on the lot, just sitting there. "How are your hot-wiring skills?" he asks Lowenstein. Lowenstein wriggles his fingers and grins. 
Ted stares longingly at the string of fast-food places that line the commercial strip, and sighs. There goes breakfast. Maybe they can stop for something on the way. 

**** 

Already miles along the road to Talbot's Peak, Cochrane floors his Chevy, throttles the wheel and grits his teeth. He got away from the alien bunny probe-free, only to discover his arsenal in the trunk was gone. Goddamn freaks. However, they missed the pistol and full clip of ammo he had hidden under the driver's seat, and the three grenades in the glove compartment. That's all he's got left to wipe an entire town full of shapeshifters off the map. 
And he's naked. Again. 
"Sons'a bitches," he snarls. If that's all he has to work with, so be it. They're monsters. One way or another, they're going to die. Vern and the Mayor first. He's going to twist their heads off their necks with his bare hands. More satisfying anyway. As for the wolf boy, Cochrane can't wait to beat his head in with the cast on his broken wrist. Wolf Boy gave him that cast. It has symmetry. 
A rabbit takes a tentative hop onto the side of the road. Cochrane swerves to run it down. The rabbit makes a frantic dive back into the underbrush, inches ahead of the Chevy's tires. The car rockets on up the road. 
"They're all gonna die," Cochrane vows. Yeah, even the bunnies. Especially the bunnies. 

**** 

Some miles behind Cochrane and ahead of the Scooby Crew, Ranjeet Patel, aka Pete, aka Silent Sam, drives his own stolen vehicle at a moderate pace along the road to Talbot's Peak. His trained eye spots the "checkpoints" he's been warned about. He keeps well within the speed limit. The wolf clan will have agents stationed all along this road. He does not want to draw their attention. 
Zhere Ghan's empire has long employed human servants, even before the tiger lord came to America. Ranjeet's family has served the House of Ghan for generations. Somebody has to keep the poachers away from the tigers' pelts. The Ghans were the first shifter clan to recognize the need to fight fire with fire. 
Now the wolf lord, Damien Hancock, has stolen that idea. He's found a human willing to turn other humans into beasts. Lord Ghan wants this human. Ranjeet is to see that he gets him. 
The Doctor will not be in Talbot's Peak itself, but those who know where he is will be. Ranjeet has a name and a species (Ewan the wolf) and a place to start (Dante's bar). If Vishnu favors him, he will accomplish his mission without the need for violence. Violence is messy, and ruins one's day. 
Violence is what the Tiger Yakuza is for. At a single phone call a dozen ninja will swoop in and do what they do best, once Ranjeet provides them with a location. He himself will secure the Doctor. Some things must be handled personally, to ensure success. 
He spots the gleam of saffron eyes by the side of the road, reflected off the headlights. He's not worried. Cochrane will be traveling this same road, if he isn't already. The man is insane, and so will make an excellent diversion. While the wolf lord deals with him, Ranjeet can slip in and accomplish his task. 
He turns on the car's radio and whistles along with the tune that comes on. One by one he passes the checkpoints, unhindered. 

**** 

These are the pawns. The two kings in this chess game, Zhere Ghan and Dante, stand alert in their command centers and direct their men across the board. Dante gulps coffee. Zhere Ghan sips tea. No one knows where Damien Hancock is, or where he's hiding his Doctor. Securing that knowledge is the top priority for both sides. 
The sun rises on a Talbot's Peak teetering on the brink of assault from numerous directions. Its populace has no clue. If Dante has his way, they never will. Zhere Ghan is less caring of the pawns. If some of them, including the Doctor, die in this skirmish, so be it. That's all pawns are for. 

**** 

Ewan and Maureen? They're down in the kitchen of the Pleasure Club, feasting on sandwiches cobbled together from whatever's been left over from the dinner rush. Maureen wonders if she'll ever become a real werewolf. Ewan wonders if he'll ever get to see her tits. They're the only players on the board not looking to kill anybody. Poor bastards, they haven't a chance. 




Chapter Nineteen: 
"Dinner Date" 

By Pat Cunningham 

Maureen bit into her sandwich, chewed slowly, swallowed, and made a loud Mmmmmm sound. "This is really good." 
"You betcha." Ewan had already mostly devoured his. "Fresh-baked buns from locally-grown grains, prime beef from the Flying F, and whatever this crunchy green stuff is." He pulled out the Romaine leaf, made a face at it, and set it aside. "Bunny food or not, I understand it's fresh." 
"That's lettuce." Maureen picked up his discarded leaf and tucked it into her own sandwich. She ripped loose a bigger bite and chewed with growing gusto. "It's really good, too." 
"That's the human in you talking. I'll bet you even eat salads." 
Maureen grinned with mayo-stained lips. "Only with meat in them." 
"My girl." They had pulled stools up to the kitchen counter in the Interspecies Pleasure Club and made do with whatever they could find. That included rolls, onions, lettuce, and half a bottle of strawberry wine. Maureen had uncovered the platter of cold roast beef in the refrigerator. Someone had taped a note to it reading, Mine! Hands off on pain of death! Shandler. Under which Ewan had scrawled, Not any more. Thanks for dinner, Shand. "Now what's that blush all about?" 
"I'm not  " Maureen ducked her head. Brown hair fanned across her flaming cheeks. "C'mon. We've only known each other a few hours. In those few hours I've kidnapped you twice, Tasered you, and hit you in the head with a cushion." 
"Typical coyote courtship. What's your point?" 
"Well  don't you think you're moving a little fast? You don't know anything about me, other than I'm prone to violence." 
"Hell, that's just your wolf blood. We like it rough once in a while. We also know when we've found somebody worthy of being our mate. So far you're hitting seven out of ten. You lost points for eating the lettuce." 
"That's the human in me," she quoted back at him dryly. "How many points off for that?" 
"Maybe a half. What the hey, nobody's perfect." 
Probably not, but he sure came close. As a hunter, she'd been warned that shifters could be, well, shifty. Coyotes were supposedly the worst of the bunch. But this one  All things considered, he'd treated her better than her hunter teammates. Some of them scared the bejeebers out of her. She'd given him few reasons to be nice to her, yet here he sat, eying up her scanty chest but making no threatening moves, her somewhat imperfect gentleman. 
And he made one hell of a delicious cold roast beef sandwich. 
"What's it like?" she asked him. "Being able to shift into a wolf?" 
"Coyote," he corrected. "It's a blast. The whole world comes alive through your nose and ears. Your blood just explodes inside you with insane energy. Running through the woods at night, chasing down a bunny even if you never catch it, just the whole sense of freedom  there's no describing it. I guess being a wolf's about the same, except you're slower and have no sense of humor. You still want that?" 
Slowly, shyly, she nodded. "Then we'll find a way to get it," Ewan promised. "If that's what you want." 
He poured her another glass of wine. Maureen inched her stool up against hers and rested her head on his arm while she munched on her sandwich. Ewan had already finished his own, so he put his arm around her, seeing as how it was freed up now and all. 
He smelled so nice. So right. Maybe that was her wolf shifter genes, calling out to his. 
"It'll be morning soon," he said. "Kitchen staff'll be coming in. How about we  " 
Maureen's hand slid to the counter and spilled a line of crust. She had fallen asleep. 
Ewan got up gingerly, so as not to jostle her. Just as carefully he lifted her from her stool. Her head lolled against his chest. She snorted a little. 
Ewan tsked. "I have got to work on my timing," he lamented. 



Chapter Twenty: 
Cue the Ominous Music 

By Pat Cunningham 

Barry peered out the car window, his voice high and jittery. "Oh Jesus. They've spotted us." 
"No shit." Atcheson cursed under his breath. Of course every eye of every shifter in Talbot's Peak was now trained directly on them. These were shifters, monsters, inhumans. Naturally they'd be suspicious if a cop car cruised into town and parked in the center square. They'd be doubly wary of anyone who got out of it, especially if those passengers were human. Any element of surprise they'd been hoping for had just vanished like a puff of smoke from one of Barry's joints. 
No way Atcheson was taking the blame for this. They'd lost both the van and Cochrane's Chevy. The cop car, probably the least inconspicuous vehicle ever devised, had been the only thing available. What were they supposed to do? 
Roll with the punches, his daddy always said. If possible, throw the first punch yourself. 
Atcheson got out from behind the wheel for a look around. Barry and Lowenstein piled out like clowns from a circus car. Atcheson found the analogy depressingly apt. Ted grunted and groaned and finally squeezed himself loose with an assist from Lowenstein. "What now?" he panted. "We gonna eat or what?" 
The townsfolk gave them the hairy eyeballtalk about your aptbut no one approached them or challenged them. All in all, life in the square seemed remarkably calm. "Cochrane's not here yet," Atcheson deduced. "We couldn't have passed him. He must have gone straight to the bar." 
"So we hit the bar?" Lowenstein asked. 
"Yeah. Set a trap. Catch him when he gets there." Atcheson turned around to address his team, just like a real leader should. "Remember, he's a werewolf now. A monster. He'd want us to off him. If he could, I'll bet he'doh Jesus Christ!" 
"Mphf?" Ted said. After some effort he'd freed a squished Snickers bar from his back pocket. He'd already peeled back the wrapper and was munching on it right in front of Atcheson, so close Atcheson could smell the toxic combo of caramel, peanut and chocolate. 
Dear God, was he insane? Or out to kill the team's new, untried leader? 
Atcheson smacked the candy bar out of Ted's blubbery hand. "What the hell's the matter with you?" 
"M'hungry, man," Ted mumbled. He looked hurt. 
Now Barry and Lowenstein were looking at him funny. Get a grip, Atcheson ordered himself. He couldn't afford to lose their support, not yet. "Okay, then. You stay here. Keep an eye out for Cochrane. If you spot him, call us. We're going on to the bar." 
"But" 
"That's an order, mister." Atcheson clambered back into the cop car. Was his hand burning? Were those hives? No, couldn't be. Must be his imagination. 

**** 

Ted had no time to wedge himself back into the car. Atcheson barely gave Barry and Lowenstein a chance to get in before he peeled out of the square. Within seconds the cop car was a cloud of dust with flashing blue lights. Belatedly, Ted shot it the finger. 
He looked around for his Snickers, but a crow had already flown off with it. So much for breakfast. 
Hold on. His gaze hit a place across the square. The sign said Bighorn Diner. Now that looked promising. He lumbered over and was welcomed by the seductive aromas of fried eggs and maple syrup. A sign in the window promised Flapjack Special -- All You Can Eat $4.99. All of a sudden the day appeared much brighter. 
Screw the team. Screw Cochrane. Screw hunting shapeshifters. What had shapeshifters ever done to anybody anyway? Ted opened the diner door and went inside. 
He was the lucky one. 

**** 

Among those handing out the stink eyes to Atcheson and his team was a knot of young men on a bench by the town's dog dish fountain. They were, in fact, wolves. They wore leather jackets and tight jeans and motorcycle boots and dark expressions. Since the "Twilight" movies came out, they had started dressing in sleeveless Ts, or going shirtless entirely. 
To be specific, they were Hancock wolves, sworn to Damien Hancock. Their orders were simple: keep an eye out for strangers, humans, and any other beings who wouldn't be missed. Morloxian was constantly running short of subjects for his ghastly experiments. If he couldn't get humans he might start using shifters. This tended to spike motivation. 
They spoke among themselves in growls and body language, indecipherable to ignorant humans. Monkeys, one said. The others nodded agreement. Hunters, said another. More nods. 
The leader of the little pack grinned. Twofer. He jerked his chin at the wolf beside him. The low-rank leaped up to get the truck. 
They let the fat one lurch across the square and enter the Bighorn Diner. His heart was probably three beats away from imploding. He'd never survive the trip to the lab, let alone the mutation process. The low-rank returned with their vehicle, a former bread truck that now said Full Moon Deliveries on the side. 
The leader got behind the wheel. By now they'd lost sight of the cop car, but that was okay. The apes had been chattering loud enough to be heard clear back to the exit. The big blond ape had said, "the bar," and there was only one bar at the end of that particular road. Hell, the mutts out there would give them a medal for saving their business from hunters. He trundled the bread truck out of the square. 



Chapter Twenty-one: 
Deuces Wild, Secret Agent Wolf 

By Savanna Kougar 

Deuces Wild, as he was affectionately known at the Interspecies Pleasure Club, kept his expression savage even as he mentally grinned. A bunch of ape goofballs got out of an obviously stolen cop car. To his trained wolfen eye, they weren't up to no good in the Peak. Not yet. Instead, they appeared to be tracking another of their stinky, brainless kind. 
Scat, one of them reeked of candy bars, and cheap hamburger grease. "Hunters," he growled in wolf. "Bet they're after Cochrane. Heard at the club that coyote screw up, Ewan, bit the bastard." 
For almost as long as he'd been part of Damien Hancock's enforcer pack, Deuce had been Dante's inside sourcehis loyalties switched once he'd discovered the depraved depth of the pack leader's desire to rule Talbot's Peak. 
Deuce played a double game, feeding meaty chunks of info about Dante's growing empire to Damienhis reason for frequenting the Pleasure Club. So far, his 'secret agent wolf' life had gone smooth as the Kentucky bourbon he favored. 
Being Dante's inside wolf manDeuce grinned to himself againthey gamed out what tidbits of truth to throw in Damien's snapping jaws. But why Dante wanted his sire's mad scientist, Morloxian, to be supplied with more subjects ... howls to freak-show hell, the alpha werewolf had said something about looming danger from a mammoth mutant werewolf, pieces on a chessboard, and the 'good for all' endgame. 
Mentally, Deuce shook his head. He didn't own that brand of smarts, that level of strategic gamesmanship. Not like Dante and his sire, Damien. 
Scat, he was a street smart wolf, having been an orphan cub in New York City. Yeah baby, he'd taken ferocious bites out of the Big Apple. Deuces was damn proud of how he'd been able to survive, even thrive into his teen-wolfhood. But, with the lure of a werewolf-owned town, he'd moved west. Fast. 
Now Dante relied on Deuce's paws-on-the-ground intel. The main wolfman as Deuce thought of Damien's rebel son, always showed his toothy-grinning gratitude. Plus, the rewards at the Pleasure Club... AHROOOOOOO WOO WOOOahhhhh! 
When it became apparent the motley ape crew was headed for the bar to send Cochrane to the happy hunting ground, there were further yips and grrrs of communication between their bad-boy pack. 
Deuce had carefully remained second in command, a superior position for his double life. It kept him close to the pack leader and freed him from being the low-level grunt who'd been ordered to get their delivery van. Everything inside the Full Moon Deliveries' van had been set up for their ops, and to transport 'captures' to Damien, or in this case, Morloxian's lab in Colorado. 
'Status?' he mind-heard. Shandris' soft voice sang through him. As usual, his cock pressed against his black leathers before he could stop the 'bad boy' from thickening. 
The shy fae witch caused bolts of need to race through his blood. But she was off limits. 
Dante hadn't forbidden him from pursuing Shandris. No, the petite beauty claimed her powers would be lessened if she... to quote her words "allowed their involvement". 
Shandris had become part of Gypsy Red Wolf's circle to protect Talbot's Peak. She'd been able to join her mind with his, despite Deuce's lack of supernatural talent. Shandris also possessed the supernatural ability to guard his thoughts from Damien Hancock's psychics, as well as the Yakuza tiger shifter, Zhere Ghan's psi-spies. 
She kept a permanent but undetectable barrier around his mind, which left Deuce able to fully use his fang-tough personality, all while covertly gathering intel. He mindspoke with Shandris only when time was of the essence, and when she contacted. 
'Status is the capture of Cochrane's crew. Take them to mad scientist Morloxian,' Deuce telepathed. 
'I will remain connected. And watch through your eyes.' 
'You can do that?' Yeah-yip, probably a stupid question. Although, Shandris hadn't revealed that psi power to him. 
'Our bond allows for it now... secret agent wolf,' she added, humor in her mind voice. 
'How did -- you read my mind,' Deuce teased. 'Van is here. Gotta jump.' 
'Secret agent wolf man...' Shandris sang to him as he leaped into the passenger seat. Oh hell howl, this wasn't half bad, a fae singing in his head. 
'Am I distracting you too much?' she asked, once the pack leader hit the accelerator pedal, and they pursued the ape crew down the open road. 
'Not so far,' Deuce answered. He kept one ear on the pack leader's barked orders, while listening with his inner ears to Shandris. 'This is gettin' easy as licking" Deuce stopped himself from finishing with 'a bitch's butt'. 
'Tsk, tsk,' Shandris admonished, her amusement obvious. 
'I'll have to mind my manners. But your little ears are gonna do some serious burning.' Already the rest of the enforcer pack used foul language as they prepared the back of the van. 
'Sticks and stones,' she crooned. Deuce found himself liking this side of Shandris way too much. His cock agreed, lengthening again. 
"No scat ridin' our tail," Deuce reported to the pack leader. "The sniffer is clean," he added. With the best nose in the pack, it was Deuce's job to ride shotgun. 
'Message from Dante.' Shandris interrupted the pack leader's sideways glance at Deuce's crotch. 
"Something you'd like to share, Deuce?" he snarled. 
"Beautiful bitch at the Pleasure Club. She got my attention, and I'm feeling her something fierce. It is Spring. You know how it is." Deuce spoke in an offhanded manner. For good measure, he threw the pack leader an apologetic glance. 
"Scat yeah, Spring. Did some tail chasing the other night. Just keep your mind on business. Damien'll have our hides... hell, he'll offer our asses up to that franken-wolf, Morloxian." 
"Got it under control," Deuce growled, even as he felt Shandris enter her protective shell against him. Yet she didn't disconnect her mind from his. 'Message?' he prompted. 
'Don't let the mammoth mutant werewolf bite.' 
Damn Lupa! The thing was alive and kicking. 



Chapter Twenty-two: 
True Romance 

By Pat Cunningham 

Maureen stretched, rolled over, and tumbled onto the floor. She came awake at once, fully alert. The dubious perks of a life on the road, hunting scary things with people who sometimes scared her even more. 
She took in her surroundings: cushions, gauzy curtains, walls painted cream with lurid red accents, a bowl of plastic fruit heavy on the apples, bananas and dates. Another bowl held condoms. That one looked like it hadn't been touched in a while. 
Oh yeah, and the sleeping wolf curled up on the cushions. 
Memories rushed back like a flash flood down an arroyo. Mutual kidnappings, ditching her team, the blow to her hopes when she learned Talbot's Peak was home to shapeshifters and not actual werewolves. Their bites couldn't give her the abilities she wanted. She'd have to start over from scratch. 
And Ewan. Mostly Ewan. 
When she looked at him, even only thought about him, everything else drained out of her head. New imaginings crept in, and drained to other parts of her body. Her nose, for one. And that other insistent spot between her legs, currently sweating up a storm. 
She cautiously crept toward him. He'd switched to his coyote form, perhaps as a promise he'd take no liberties with her while she slept. After less than a day with him, Maureen already knew with certainty he'd wait until they were both wide awake for any liberty-taking. From the indentations in the cushions she realized she'd been using his flank as a pillow. 
He really was impressive in his beast form. She'd seen coyotes in the wild. They were runty things compared to Ewan. He had a wolf's size and muscular build, but now that she looked more closely she could spot his mixed heritage in his tall ears, narrow muzzle and tawny fur. A bit of drool wet the satin cushion under his jaw. He smelled absolutely delicious. 
Maureen thought, Oh dear God. 
When Maureen was ten years old, her mother had given her "the talk." Even back then she'd figured most little girls didn't get the version Mom had imparted to her. "Wolves know their mates by scent. Like hormones aren't messy enough. You're showing all the signs of wolfiness, so you'll probably get this too. When you meet the right one, you'll know. He won't smell like anyone else you've ever met. He'll smell right. That's why I married your dad. I can't explain it any better than that. You'll just know." 
She recalled thinking her mom and dad might have rapped their skulls against the headboard one too many times. That was before she drove through the dark with a naked shapeshifter sitting next to her, cute as the dickens and smelling  just right. Maureen wasn't much of a wolf, but her sense of smell knew what mattered, and it had never let her down. 
"Crap," she said. "What do I do now?" 
Whatever actions she decided on would have to wait. First and foremost, she urgently needed to use the can. But even before that, there was something about werewolves, and by extension shapeshifters, that she absolutely had to know. 
She reached a trembling hand toward the sleeping werecreature and scratched him at the base of his tail. Ewan grunted in his sleep. His rear leg kicked spasmodically. Grinning to herself, Maureen slipped out of the room. 
Now that she had a better idea of the Pleasure Club's layout, she found the ladies' room with no trouble. Business attended to, a quick splash in the sink and she felt marginally human again. 
That was the trouble, wasn't it? Maureen was only marginally human. She had just enough wolf shifter in her blood to make her a target to the people she palled around with. Just enough to recognize her one true mate when she found him. One drive through the night in a van later, topped off with a dinner of leftovers in the kitchen of a shapeshifter sex parlor, and she was in love. 
She examined her reflection in the restroom mirror, her haunted but beautifully made-up eyes. Less than a day and she'd already gone through enough romantic angst for a lifetime. Never let it be said the Starkeys dawdled in the matter of relationships. 
Whatever her next move, it wouldn't be made in this flimsy piece of tissue paper trying to pass itself off as a dress. If she was going to fall in love with a shapeshifter, it would be in her own comfortable if unflattering clothing. She was pretty sure she'd left her duffel in the van. 
She found the stairs back to the above-ground biker bar part of the building. The crew was already setting up for opening. The manager stopped her before she could get to the door. "Sorry, miss. You're not allowed to go outside. Boss's orders." 
"I just need to get some stuff out of my van. I'll only be a minute." She made herself face the guy down. If her nose was correct, he was a beta. Alpha body language ought to do the trick. "C'mon. We're miles from anywhere, and I can't shapeshift. How far am I going to get?" 
He quirked a grin at her. "With a head start, about three feet. Okay, you get five minutes, but we'll be watching you. Oh, and don't bother looking for weapons. We swept it clean last night." 
"You got rid of the pizza boxes?" 
"Not in my job description. Oh yeah. That bologna in the cooler? That's gone too." 
Ted would be crushed. Though she'd probably never know. Then and there she decided not to seek out her teammates. They'd never been her friends. Heck, Cochrane teetered on the brink more often than not, and Atcheson could be downright creepy. Put 'em in the rearview and never look back, as Uncle Ellery used to say. 
The van was still parked where she'd left it last night. Her duffle was still crammed under a seat in the back. Maureen pulled out a blouse and made a face at it. Nothing she owned was fit for trying to capture a cute guy's attention. Given the company she keptused to keepshe'd always dressed for the opposite effect. 
If this place had performers, it must have dressing rooms. Maybe the chorus "girl"or whateverwas still around. Maureen was willing to take in all the pointers she could get. 
She stuffed the blouse back into the duffle and climbed out through the back. She shut the door and turned around, and bumped right into Atcheson. 
"Well, well," he said. He probably thought that twisted look on his face was a kindly smile. "So this is where you got to. Starting the party without us?" 


Chapter Twenty-three: 
Smash and Grab 

By Pat Cunningham 

Maureen backed up against the van. Her eyes darted past Atcheson's sneering face toward the bar and the parking lot and any chance of help. Her hopes soared at sight of the cop car, only to plummet when Barry and Lowenstein climbed out of it. A delivery truck rumbled into the parking lot. Odds of the driver coming to her aid wavered at 50-50. One other car sat at the far end of the lot, but its driver appeared slumped behind the wheel. Some late-night partier, sleeping off his binge. He'd be useless even if he did come to in time.
She caught sight of one of the bar staff at the window, motioning to the manager. Atcheson waved to Barry and Lowenstein. "You boys go have fun," he said. "I want a private word with Maureen."
Barry and Lowenstein charged at the bar door just as the staff charged out. Surprise and momentum carried the hunters inside, driving the wolves before them, and dashing Maureen's last slim hope of rescue.
Maureen tried to duck around Atcheson, but he slammed her up against the side of the van. "Now, where were we?" he said. "More importantly, where were you? And what the hell have you got on?" He fingered a fold of her harem outfit, then dropped it with a snarl of disgust.
"They kidnapped me," she said desperately. "There are too many of them. We need to get out of here."
"We'll leave, all right. Once every single wolf in there is dead. Then we go looking for Cochrane. Has he been here?"
"II don't know. I haven't seen him since the motel. I thought he"
Atcheson struck her across the face. "Worthless bitch. I told him we shouldn't let a woman on the team."
Maureen slumped to the ground, barely conscious. Ewan, she thought bleakly. He was still asleep in the harem room. He'd think she'd run out on him again. He'd never know what happened to her. Assuming he even survived.
Atcheson lifted her and propped her upright against the van with his hand around her neck. "Now what am I going to do with you?"
A blackjack cracked against the side of his head. Atcheson dropped like a stone. So did Maureen. They landed in a heap at the feet of the driver of the delivery van.
"Funny," the driver said. "I was just asking myself the same thing."
He reached for Atcheson. And jumped when a hand came down on his shoulder. "Your pardon, sir  "

**** 

From his vantage at the far end of the parking lot Ranjeet observed Maureen come out of the shifter bar. She paid no attention to the police car when it rolled into the lot, but he did. His keen eyes spotted Atcheson behind the wheel. Ranjeet slumped as if asleep, and watched the mini-drama play out while considering options. Interfere? Rejoin the team? Which would serve him best?
Then the delivery van appeared and the driver got out. Ranjeet sat up. He'd been well briefed in Damien Hancock's known henchwolves. This one and his pack were suspected of snatching humans for Hancock's mad doctor's experiments. Other wolves got out of the truck and gathered near the cab while their leader took care of the hunters.
Ranjeet was not a fighter. He was not equipped to take even one wolf back to Zhere Ghan for questioning. However, this turn of events provided the perfect opportunity for him to engage in his forte: infiltration.
He got out his cell phone and punched in a secret number. Code words were exchanged. Ranjeet activated the phone's GPS. Then he got out of the car and approached the Hancock wolf.
"Your pardon, sir," he said once he had the wolf's attention. "These are my friends. I cannot let you take them." He braced himself for the expected reaction.
The wolf looked him up and down. "You gotta be kidding me," he said, and whacked Ranjeet with the blackjack. Ready for the blow, Ranjeet rolled with it. He went down, dazed but still conscious. The phone and its signal were not damaged.
"Load 'em up," the wolf ordered his pack. He shot a glance toward the bar, where the sounds of battle raged. "Before Dante's team rips those yahoos up and comes after us. Dr. Frankenstein'll just have to be happy with three."
Strong hands lifted Ranjeet. Through slitted eyes he watched Atcheson and Maureen similarly wolf-handled into the back of the delivery truck. "Hey," one of the wolves said. "This one's a she."
"Hey. This one's a genius. Haul tail, Einstein. You want those bouncers on us?"
Ranjeet was thrown into the back of the truck. The engine roared to life. A quick Uee in the lot rolled him into Maureen. He wriggled himself off her and saw she was awake, if not fully aware. Her glasses had been knocked askew. He adjusted them for her, and patted her hand.
He also patted his pocket. The phone continued to send out its signal to the pursuing Tiger Yakuza.
Maureen's mouth moved. "Pete?" she managed.
"Don't be afraid," he whispered. "All is going according to plan." 



Chapter Twenty-four: 
Kindred Spirits 
By Pat Cunningham 

Meanwhile, on the road to Talbot's Peak, Cochrane had finally cooled down enough to realize he'd need more than a single gun and a couple grenades to take down a town full of shapeshifters. He needed more weapons. Also a plan. Also clothes. Otherwise he was just setting himself up for another dunk in purple paint, or another threat of butt probes. Or worse. Who knew what tortures the twisted minds of shifters could come up with? 
He slowed and started watching the side of the road for signs of habitation. Talbot's Peak was an aberration. Most shifters preferred to live solitary lives away from humans and even their own kind. Somewhere out here in No Human's Land some lone shifter had a house, clothing, weapons and information Cochrane could use to carry out his assault. 
Sure enough, that wide cut through the trees had to be an access road. He rolled the Chevy up it at a cautious creep. His guess was proven correct when he was stopped by a chain across the road. The sign dangling from its center read Private Road Keep Out Trespassers Will Be Shot This Means You Asshole. The sign was only moderate size, the printing small but in blood-red letters. 
Cochrane grinned. You'll be shot meant We have guns, which mean soon Cochrane would have guns. He parked the car, palmed a grenade from his glove compartment, stepped over the chain and started up the road. 
Damn, it was awfully quiet for dawn in the woods. Too damn quiet. Nothing but the sporadic gobble of wild turkeys. Cochrane climbed at a steady pace, slowed by the need to place his bare feet carefully to avoid jutting stones. Damned butt-probing bunny could've let a man keep his shoes. The bunnies die first," he muttered. 
Something rustled the brush off to his left. Cochrane jerked in that direction. Almost at once he heard the clack of a shotgun. A voice said from his right, "This is as far as you go, mister." 
Cochrane turned slowly. Christ, it was a damn kid. A stupid shifter kid had got the drop on him. The kid was ugly, wiry and knock-kneed, but he held that gun like a pro. Cochrane peered around carefully and spotted another boy with a crossbow closing in from his left, and a girl with a wicked-looking knife edging up beside the boy with the shotgun. Noises from behind him indicated yet another one moving in from deeper in the woods. 
Could they be human? Shifters didn't normally go in for man-made armament. 
Cochrane raised his arms, the grenade concealed in his hand. "I'm not here to cause trouble," he said. "I need clothes and maybe" 
"You need to get your ass off our property." The voice behind him was hard, no-nonsense and adult. "We don't take kindly to visitors, especially not humans." 
Okay, that answered that. Must be herbivores. That meant they could be bluffed. Cochrane displayed his hand. "I got a grenade."
"Big whoop. I got a grenade launcher." 
Cochrane risked a glance over his shoulder. Holy shit. That mother was almost as big as the wizened, ugly hillbilly wielding it. At this range there was no chance he'd miss. Cochrane snapped his jaw shut and froze. 
"Good boy," the man said. "Now toss that pineapple to my girl there. With the pin still intact, if you please." 
He did as ordered. The girl caught the grenade with the ease of an outfielder snagging a pop fly. She examined it while her brothers kept him under guard. "It's real, Pa." 
"Thought so," the old guy said. "You're a hunter, ain'tcha? Thought you'd get the drop on us, eh? How come you're nekkid?" 
"How come you've got a grenade launcher?" 
"'Cause the government won't let me keep a bazooka. Goddam federal regulations." 
"Screw the Feds. Ever heard of Dingles Hooper?" 
The man's expression lightened. "Yeah. He's that Canadian fellah runs the trading post up by the border." 
"You want a bazooka? Let me go and I'll put in a good word for you. The man has a way of getting things." 
The old guy looked thoughtful. "What's your name?" 
"Abel Cochrane. Yeah, I'm a hunter. I know my weapons, and how to get 'em." He nodded toward the grenade launcher. "That is one fine piece of artillery." 
"Should be, for what I hadda pay for it." He looked toward his daughter, who was casually tossing the grenade from palm to palm. She nodded. So did the boys. "Tell you what. Instead of splattering you all over the trees, we're gonna take you in. Put in a call to Hooper. If he says you're on the up-and-up  well, we'll have to see." He made an even uglier face. "We need to get you some clothes. That poor puny little thing is wretched." 
He gestured with the grenade launcher. Cochrane started walking, ringed by the males with the girl in the lead. He had no doubt any one of the males wouldn't hesitate to fire his weapon of choice. The girl would probably hurl the grenade. He imagined her throw would be accurate. 
In spite of the situation, he discovered he liked this bunch. They were his kind of people. 
The boy with the crossbow sidled up to him. "Can Hooper get us a flamethrower? Our old one gave out." 
"Don't bother the prisoner, Jimmy," his dad snapped. "We gotta interrogate him first. You run on ahead and tell your ma to put fresh coffee on. This could take awhile." 
The kid took off. The old guy got the ball rolling by asking, "You get your grenades from Hooper?" 
"No, from this guy Elkins in Wyoming. He only handles the little stuff, though. You want to get serious, you call Dingles Hooper." 
"And you say you know Hooper personal?" 
"We're not tight, but we don't shoot each other on sight. Anything you want  well, I might be persuaded to assist." 
"Yeah," the old guy said. "You will be." But he was grinning now. Cochrane took in the first easy breath he'd drawn in a long while. For some reason, he felt like he'd come home. 



Chapter Twenty-five: 
Rude Awakening 

By Pat Cunningham 

Ewan woke with an empty sinking in his gut, convinced something somehow had just gone horribly wrong. It couldn't be due to his dreams. His dreams had been full of Maureen showing off her tits and lots of frisky fun. Maybe that alarm blaring upstairs had something to do with it. 
He looked around for Maureen and found her gone. Dang girl had run off again. Probably no farther than the nearest bathroom, her being female and all, but still. He'd been looking forward to waking up next to her so they could get to know each other a whole lot better. 
Not with that alarm blasting, though. Ewan switched back to human and pulled on his pants. Check out the alarm first, then look for Maureen. If the two turned out to be related he'd be nabbing two birds with one stone. 
The alarm shut off before he got upstairs. No big deal; the cause was pretty obvious. The upstairs bar was a mess, with overturned tables, smashed bottles, glass everywhere and one wolf on the floor holding an ice pack to his head. And two humans definitely the worse for wear. They'd been bound and stuck in a corner under heavy guard. 
Ewan's already-sunk gut did a further plummet: Shaggy and Agent Mulder. 
Ewan shot a glance out the window. The van still sat where Maureen had parked it. Two of Dante's men in wolf form sniffed around the parking lot. They were the only beings out there, active or otherwise. 
No Maureen. 
It couldn't have been Cochrane. There would have been gunfire, maybe explosions. He looked around the wreck of the bar for a blond-haired body. Freddie had only been armed with a knife, but he wouldn't have let that inhibit him. 
Where was she? 
One of the wolves turned toward him from questioning the humans. Ewan was surprised to see Dante. If the boss wolf himself had gotten involved, this must be worse than a hunter attack. And the only thing worse than a hunter attack  
He leaped at Dante before the alpha could speak. "What happened? Where's Maureen?" 
Dante held up his hand. "Take it easy. Your hunter buddies showed up to attack us, but a pack of my sire's wolves attacked them first. They took the girl and two other humans. Cochrane wasn't involved. At last report he was on his way to Talbot's Peak, but he seems to have disappeared." Dante's expression promised the head hunter's whereabouts wouldn't stay secret for long. "It's all right. They won't be harmed right away. I have an agent in the pack. They're taking them to the Doctor." 
Just when you thought a gut couldn't sink any lower. "Kidnapped? How is that all right?" 
"They're being taken to the Doctor's laboratory. We know it's in Colorado, just not the exact location. Once we've got it pinpointed, we'll move in." He laid his hand on Ewan's shoulder. "I already have agents en route to Colorado. We'll get her back unharmed." His personal phone, the one that operated off the grid, buzzed. "Excuse me." Dante pulled out the phone. "Yes?" 
Ewan wandered over to the bar in a daze. For once in his life his glib brain went on hold. It allowed one thought to whirl around inside it like a dervish: She's gone. Her and her brains and her smile and her laugh and her smell with its touch of randy she-wolf. Taken right out from under his nose. He was a failure as a coyote. 
He'd never even gotten to see her tits. 
The wolf in him kicked the coyote in the ass. You going to just stand there and cry at the moon? Or you going to do something about it? 
"Chaos, yes," Ewan growled aloud. Bite those Hancock wolves. "Nobody takes my girl." 
Dante was still speaking into his phone. "Follow them. A squad of Tiger Yakuza doesn't just up and take off for no reason. Keep me apprised." He returned the phone to his pocket. "Get some breakfast. We've got this." 
"Screw that." Nobody was getting anything until he had Maureen and her smile and her brains and her tits safe in his arms again. "I want in." 



Chapter Twenty-six: 
To the Rescue! 

By Pat Cunningham 

Ewan had never considered himself a praying man. Right now, cooped up in a tiny flying saucer zipping toward Colorado miles above the ground, he was seriously rethinking that decision. He muttered a few syllables to Chaos on the off chance it would help. After an ill-considered glance out the hatch at the blur of earth far below, he added a second prayer consisting of much stronger words. 
"Yer lookin' a little green there, mate," Dugger said from behind the controls. "These skimmers take getting used to. Y'might want to steer clear of the windows." 
Too little too late there, Ewan thought, while just managing to keep last night's dinner in his gut where it belonged. "Where the hell'd Dante get this E.T. mobile anyway?" 
"Dante knows people." 
"He never told me he knew Luke Skywalker." Dugger was right; the flight went far better if he didn't try to look at the scenery. "I don't suppose he's got a couple lightsabers stashed in the glove compartment?" 
"It's not that kind of a run, mate. We're just supposed to buzz the place, find out if your sheila's there, then give Dante the lowdown and let him make the tough decisions. That's why he gets the big bucks 'stead of us." 
Ewan growled to himself. He found he could keep his meal down better if he thought about Maureen instead of how far below the nearest terra firma lay. Trouble was, he could only think about Maureen in the hands of Damien Hancock's twisted Doctor. His hackles had been stiff for a good hour now and showed no sign of settling. He wanted her in his arms again, with his mouth firmly latched onto her tits and her wolf-human scent in his nostrils. If he didn't get her back he was going to rip somebody's throat out. 
Chaos bite it! Was this how wolves lived all the time, with their stupid macho alpha genes sending them charging blindly after their mates? No wonder they had no sense of humor. 
"Scat on that," he said. "We find the place, park this thing, slip inside and get her out, and then we call in Dante. If we can blow something up along the way, so much the better." 
Dugger bared his teeth in a grin as wide as the Outback. "I was hoping you'd say that." 

**** 

Dante's intel was spot on the money. Once on the ground they found the hidden access door with very little trouble. Dugger went to work on the seals while Ewan kept watch. 
Ewan felt uneasy, and not because of the heavily-armed troops who might or might not be waiting for them on the other side of the door. He'd managed to wrestle his stomach into compliance so he could scan the roads from above during their flight to Colorado. He hadn't spotted anything that looked like a delivery truck. Maureen and her fellow captives should be well on their way to this installation by now. Damien Hancock didn't hire henchwolves who stopped for beer and a burger. And shouldn't a place so painstakingly hidden have surveillance out the wazoo? Shouldn't alarms be going off? 
"Call me a scat-faced optimist," Ewan said, "but does all this strike you as just a hair too easy?" 
"Never look a gift roo up the bunghole, I always say," Dugger replied. "There! That's got it." 
The hatch swung open easily, with no betraying creaks. Dugger led the way inside. Ewan followed him into a narrow corridor lined by raw rock walls. He smelled metal and machine oil up ahead, and heard a few drips and clinks, but no noises from living beings. 
"Easy peasy," Dugger whispered. "Wonder where they are?" 
"On break, maybe?" Ewan said. His mind kept conjuring images of foxes, henhouses, and farmers with shotguns. 
"According to the blueprints," Dugger said, "prisoners are usually kept" 
"Dante had blueprints?" 
"More like a map. Dante" 
"Knows people. Gotcha." 
That was it for talk. Dugger conveyed through body language that they were coming up on a possible inhabited area. He pulled a handgun out of his waistband. Ewan would play it by ear. 
They crept up to the corner and peered around it. And saw 



Chapter Twenty-seven: 
Or Not 

By Pat Cunningham 

"Bugger me," Dugger swore. 
Ewan would have gladly, had he thought it would do any good. Or knew what it meant. It wasn't going to change things. 
Here in what should have been the center of Damien Hancock's hive they had found absolutely squat. Zero. Zilch. Nada and loose change. No guards, no scientists, no mutant monsters. A fat lot of nothing greeted Ewan and Dugger behind every door they tried. In one huge chamber they did find a set of eight-foot clear plastic cylinders lining the walls, but these were empty too. The offshoot rooms they explored were filled with even less of the same. They stank of exotic chemicals and wolf adrenaline, all of it at least a week old. 
"Shit," Ewan said. 
"Thought I just said that." 
"American subtitles. Where is everybody?" 
"Y'got me, mate. Looks like the whole place has gone walkabout. Must've happened right after Dante's spy lit out. Hey! Where you going?" 
"Back to the flying saucer." She wasn't here. She wasn't going to be here. The van and the wolves who had taken her weren't coming here. They were headed to wherever Damien Hancock had moved his pet scientist. That was where Ewan needed to be, not this empty nest. 
"Hang on a mo. My sniffer's got something." 
Ewan reluctantly retraced his steps. Now he caught it also, a fresher smell than the fading traces they'd encountered so far. Human, somewhat nervous, and close by. 
Gun out, Dugger led the way. "You want to kick the door in? I hear it's the American way." 
He'd pretty much lost heart by now. "Nah." 
"Suit yourself." Dugger swung the door wide. 
Two white-coated science types sat at a table long enough for a dozen, in what had probably been the lab's cafeteria up until a week ago. They were drinking coffee and listlessly playing cards. Both leaped to their feet when Dugger and Ewan stepped in. 
"Uh, hi?" said the skinny one in the thick glasses. "Are you the new owners?" 
"Depends," Dugger said. "What happened to the old owners?" 
"No clue," the skinny one's stockier buddy said. "Dr. Morloxian called a meeting one morning, told us he was going into business for himself, packed up his experiments and split. We tried to get hold of Mr. Hancock, but he never talks to us. I hate this absentee owner crap." 
"He could've left his harem," Glasses muttered. "We worked hard. We deserve something for that." 
"Where'd Morloxian go?" Ewan demanded. 
"Search me," Glasses said. "He just up and left. Maybe he got a better offer from somebody." He eyed Dugger's gun nervously. "Are you the FBI? Are we prisoners?" 
"From what I hear, there were close to two hundred people here," Dugger said. "They take off too?" 
"Some," Stocky said. "A few went with Morloxian, but most of us didn't. He's brilliant and all, but really chintzy. Try squeezing a paycheck out of him. The rest of us hung around, hoping to hear from Hancock, but so far he's been unreachable. I'm signing up for unemployment tomorrow." He too eyed Dugger's gun. "I mean, if it's okay." 
"No worries, mate. I know somebody wants to talk to you bright young lads. Probably offer you jobs. Interested?" 
"Hell yeah," Stocky said. "This place sucks. It smells like wet dog all the time." 
"You said he had a harem," Ewan said. 
Dugger slanted a look at him. "That's your takeaway?" 
"Morloxian did," Glasses said morosely. "We weren't allowed to touch them. He kept them locked up. Had to. There was only one other woman here, and she ran off the second she got the chance. The mutants," he explained to their blank expressions. "All the mutants were male." 
"No she-wolves?" Dugger mused. "No wonder they're so bloody vicious. Bet if they scented a sheila" 
He broke off and stared at Ewan with a growing horror nowhere near the size of Ewan's own. Dugger didn't know about Maureen's wolf-shifter genes. Morloxian couldn't either. The sexually-frustrated mutant werewolves would pick up on it in seconds. Once they did 
"Right, then," Dugger said. He motioned with his gun. "Say g'bye to the nice lab, mates. We're moving out." 
Ewan bit down on his mounting panic. "Double time," he agreed. 



Chapter Twenty-eight: 
In the Monster's Lair 

By Pat Cunningham 

Maureen never saw how she went from the truck to wherever she was now. Somebody pumped gas in the back of the truck and she and her fellow captives passed out. When she awoke she was alone in a bare room with drab walls. No sign of Pete or Atcheson. 
The first person, and she used the term loosely, to visit her looked like a mashup of a monster movie scientist and his creation. Bald in some parts, covered in thick, ragged patches of brownish fur in others, he wore the standard mad scientist white lab coat and glasses thicker than her own. One of his forearms was normal; the other was a hairy, meaty slab of twisted muscle that ended in a humongous paw. Like Hellboy. Come to think of it, Hellboy was cuter. 
His crooked smile was fully human. Somehow that made it worse. 
The smile didn't last long. "Eh," he said at first sight of her. "I thought they said they brought in a woman. You won't do at all. Nice outfit, though." 
Maureen clutched what was left of her battered harem costume more tightly against her nonexistent chest. "Where are my friends?" 
"The two louts they caught with you? They're undergoing processing even as we speak. Your friend with the glasses will be joining my wolf pack shortly. Your blond friend with the anger issues?" He cackled. "I have plans for him. BIG plans." 
This seemed to strike him as funny. He cackled some more. 
"As for you  " He looked her up and down, and shook his head. "I don't think so. Maybe I'll just watch you. Ever do girl on girl? But first  " 
All of a sudden he lunged at her and grabbed her arm. He jabbed a hypo into her before she could twist away. 
The pain and the assault lasted only a moment. Maureen scuttled to a corner and set her back to the wall. She rubbed her arm and watched him warily. Mr. Monster seemed more elated by the blood he'd drawn than he'd been by the rest of her. "Can't wait to see what's in here," he said. "You know what the problem is with women?" 
"They don't like you?" 
"All right, besides that. It's your chemical makeup. Something in you doesn't play well with my werewolf serum. That's why I can only make boys. Testosterone gets them over the hump. The ladies just die in agony. I've got to figure out a way around that. The boys are getting testy." He grinned at her and winked. 
Maureen wanted to barf. 
He left her alone after that, thank God. Some time later two hirsute guards came in and hauled her off to another part of wherever this place was. Her new prison resembled the harem room back at the biker bar in terms of lace and cushions, just with shoddier curtains. And other occupants. Maureen joined a group of eight dull-eyed women in costumes that made her own look like long johns. All were older than she was, and definitely the worse for wear. 
"Hey," their leader said when Maureen was flung into the room. "You must be the new lab rat. I can't see him touching you. Hope you like girl on girl." 
"We have to get out of here." 
"No chance. We've tried. You don't want to anyway. You don't know what's out there. He likes to let the werewolves roam. They're not big on foreplay. We're safer locked in here." The woman grimly pursed her lips. "There used to be ten of us." 
Maureen found a cushion and curled up on it despondently. No way she was staying here. What would Velma do? 
Find out all she could, for starters. The women didn't know much, but they still knew more than she did. Maureen learned the man with the Hellboy hand was Dr. Morloxian. His job was to take captive humans and turn them into mutant monsters for a madman named Damien Hancock. They'd been at a lab some hours from here up until about a week ago. Then there'd been a massive bugout and now they were here. This new prison was smaller than the old one, but smelled a lot nicer and had prettier walls. 
They also told her Morloxian was enormous, but in spite of that sucked in the sack. Maureen would have preferred not to know that. 
Judging time was iffy in here. She spent it observing the guards' routines, and studying the lock for pickability. It helped her not think about Ewan, and how badly she wished he would find her. 
She was on day two or three when the monstrous scientist himself suddenly burst into the harem room. The women collectively groaned and fixed strained smiles to their faces while trying to jostle each other to the forefront. 
"There you are," Morloxian sang out gleefully. "You beauty. You absolute beauty." He seized Maureen. 
The relief from the others was palpable. A few of them even waved as he dragged Maureen out the door. 
Maureen fought like mad, but he picked her up in his massive wolf arm. Given his muscles versus hers, it wasn't much of a contest. "I'm not a beauty," Maureen chattered. "Look. No boobs at all. Just throw me back. I'll even do girl on girl." 
"You beauty, you beauty," Morloxian crooned. "Oh, those beautiful genes." 
"And I'm a virgin, so it won't be any fun for you, and I have this disease, and Iwhat?" 
"You lovely little bitch," Morloxian said. His ugly, half-wolf face was suffused with bliss. "Little werewolf bitch. All this time you were hiding them from me. Those lovely she-wolf genes." He beamed a crooked smile at her. "Just enough that there's a chance you'll survive the process. You'd better. I've already told the boys. You should have heard them howl. You're going to be the most popular lady in the state. And I won't have to dig up subjects any more. I can breed my own." 
He started singing to himself. After a moment Maureen recognized the tune: "Who Let the Dogs Out." 
Maureen was not a screamer, or usually a thrasher. She prided herself on using her brains to get herself out of a jam. 
Now she thrashed. And screamed. 



Chapter Twenty-nine: 
Gray (Wolf) Matter 

By Pat Cunningham 

"I'm sorry, Ewan," Dante said, and meant it. "We didn't get to the truck in time. They must have been transferred to another vehicle. I've got everyone available looking into it. We'll find her." His private cell phone buzzed. "You'll have to excuse me. I need to take this." Dante turned away. "Still? What's so fascinating about that place that the Tiger Yakuza would stake it out?" 
Dead end. Ewan wanted to bite something. Scratch that; he wanted to grab hold of something and rip it to pieces. Tiny little pieces. He turned to his only other lead, another dead end but who knew? Sometimes the weirdest little things led to something bigger. "Go through it again. Even stuff that doesn't seem important." 
"There's nothing to tell," Deuce, Dante's double agent in his sire's pack, shrugged helplessly. "We were headed to the lab in Colorado. Taylor pulled over at the exit to gas up for the trip. Rufe said the air smelled funny. Next thing we know we're sprawled out on park benches and some cop's telling us to move along. And the truck's gone." 
And Maureen, who'd been in the back of the truck, but Deuce was kind enough not to point that out. "Dante found the truck about thirty miles up the interstate. Nobody was in it. They're combing the area now. We'll find her, man, I swear." 
"What about the driver?" 
"Taylor was with us when we woke up, barfing up his guts like the rest of us. Whoever took the truck left it like we said. Smelled like seven kinds of crap. No idea who or what was driving it. We should've picked up Hoover. Maybe he would have known." 
"That fits in with what we found at the lab," Ewan muttered. "The Doctor took off without telling Hancock. Wherever he took her, he didn't want Damien to know. That's why you got gassed." 
And that was that. Nobody'd seen anything. Nobody knew anything. By now Maureen could be in Canada, for all anybody knew. 
Dante was still on the phone, grilling his agent over the confusing behavior of the Tiger Yakuza. Ewan caught himself trying to listen in. Something kept nagging at the back of his mind, telling him this was important. 
"I know some people," Deuce was saying. "I can draw on Hancock resources. If we backtrack" 
Ewan waved him off. "Be quiet a minute. I have to think." 
Normally wolves laughed when a coyote said anything about thinking. Deuce just nodded and backed off. 
For the last day and a half, ever since Maureen had been snatched from the parking lot, Ewan had been running in wolf mode: find mate, kill something. That had got him a fine pile of squat. He needed his coyote side, and whatever it was that passed for a brain among coyotes. 
Wolves think in straight lines. Their brains go from point A to point B without any little side journeys. Give them a task and they stick to it till it's done. Give them a puzzle and they'll worry it to death, and usually come up short. 
A coyote's brain doesn't work that way. A coyote, when he bothers to think, thinks in leaps and hops and zigzags, making connections where a wolf wouldn't even see a pattern. Especially if there is no pattern. Coyotes don't need patterns. Their minds are attuned to chaos, out of which they bring, if not order, then at least slightly more ordered chaos. Give them a puzzle and they'll work it out in seconds and then wander off to see what's in the fridge, while a wolf is still scratching his ass. 
Right after Maureen got kidnapped, a bunch of Yakuza went on the move. You'd think there'd be no connection there, unless you were a coyote. "Who did you guys grab, besides Maureen?" he asked Deuce. 
"Two human males. The big blond one knocked her out for us, then Taylor did him the same favor. Then this other guy went up to Taylor and said they were his friends and he couldn't let him take them. So Taylor knocked him out and took him too. We loaded 'em into the truck and that was it." 
"What did this other guy look like?" 
Deuce shrugged. "Kind of stocky, dark skin and hair, glasses. Some kind of accent. He sort of mumbled when he talked, like he was trying to hide it." 
"What about smell?" 
"I was getting to that. He smelled like a spice rack. Stuff I'm not familiar with. I'd hate to see what he gets on his pizza." 
Dark. Glasses. Tried not to talk. The blond, of course, was Atcheson. Shaggy and Agent Mulder had been taken prisoner and were awaiting Dante's decision on their fates. According to Deuce, the last anyone had seen of Comic Book Guy, he'd been hoofing it over to the Bighorn Diner. "Probably still there," Deuce said. "It was all you can eat day. Hope Elly stocked up on syrup." 
Silent Sam, Ewan thought. Had to be. He hadn't said a word the whole time Ewan had been in the motel room. Hiding an accent. From where? 
He stopped thinking eyes and started thinking nose. Held hostage in the van. The usual smells: pizza, unwashed monkey, fast-food flavored farts. Maureen's homey scent, the result of her wolf genes. And just a little whiff of spice, from somebody whose diet didn't always match up with his buddies'. 
"Son of a hound," he said. "Dante!" 
Done with his call, the alpha turned. He raised a brow in inquiry. "The Yakuza. The ones who up and ran off. Where'd they go? What are they staking out?" 
"If you must know, they appear to be watching the mini golf down at the exit. They've been there for hours." He eyed Ewan intently. "You think it's related?" 
"Could be. Deuce, how close was that gas station you stopped at to the mini golf?" 
"Right up the road, but" 
"But, my butt. Zhere Ghan wants the Doctor too. He snuck a spy into Cochrane's outfit. A human guy, so Hoover wouldn't spot him. Guy never talked 'cause they'd wonder about his Indian accent. He just couldn't live on the junk food, though. Had to eat native every once in a while. It showed up in his scent. He let you boys kidnap him, so you'd take him to the lab. Then he signaled the Yakuza. They're looking for him now. They didn't follow the truck because he wasn't in it. The truck was a diversion. They're still at the exit." 
Deuce was staring at him like he'd gone scatty. Not Dante. Most wolves couldn't stand to be around coyotes. Dante always kept a couple on the payroll. Coyotes saw into corners a wolf wouldn't even know were there. "The mini golf was shut down last week," he said now. "For 'maintenance.' Hoover reported it. He wanted to take some girl there and it was closed." 
"Same time as the bugout at the Colorado lab?" 
"Roughly." Dante reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of keys. "Take my car. It's faster than it looks." He smiled. "Good work." 
"We don't know for sure yet. It's only a long shot." 
"It's all we've got. Good hunting." 
Ewan bounced the keys in his palm and glanced over at Deuce. "You want in?" 
"Sure," Deuce said. "I owe those monkeys. They made me yark up half my breakfast." 
"Atta boy. Let's go play a round of golf." 



Chapter Thirty: 
How to Win Friends and Influence Yakuza 

By Pat Cunningham 

Back in the day (the day being sometime in the 1950s), Route 15 had been a quiet little two-lane blacktop that wound into the mountains and eventually brought unwary travelers to the town of Talbot's Peak, which even in those days had a rep among the monkeys as being a couple bubbles off true. There was a motel down at the foot of the mountain, and Super Stock Car Raceway and its partner, the Rodeo Arena, and an amusement park whose owner must have looked at Disneyland and said, "Feh. I know what kids like." The owner had been dead wrong, but with little else for miles around the better-than-nothing rule was in full effect. 
Then around the mid-60s the interstate came in, and the Talbot's Peak exit became a happening place. Like the gold rush towns of yesteryear, a whole civilization sprang up beside the on- and off-ramps, heavy on the motels, fast-food joints and gas stations. A bowling alley and movie theater (which later grew to a multiplex) joined in, followed by bars and clubs, all geared to getting those folks whizzing by on the highway to pull over and spend a few bucks. 
Somehow the Raceway survived, though these days it relied more on monster trucks and demolition derbies to bring in the paying customers. This being Montana, the rodeo's continued existence was assured, in spite of the annual PETA protests. Uncle Fuddy's Funland also lasted through the decades, with occasional updates to bring it into the modern era. A video arcade joined the kiddie rides, skill games, miniature golf and train ride in the 1980s, while the old swimming pool was filled in. You could still get a cherry Sno-Cone there, and the chance to barf your guts out on the Tilt-A-Whirl. 
Ewan, who'd grown up at the Jersey Shore and its many boardwalk offerings, was not impressed. He wasn't here to be impressed. He was here to save his mate. Yes, mate. Usually he ignored his wolf half, but this time the big hairy mutt refused to back down. If it meant he got some on a regular basis, then the coyote in him was all for it. With both his natures in full accord, he studied the mini golf. 
"Is it just me," he said to Deuce, "or is that really creepy?" 
The mini golf's theme appeared to be classic horror movies. A ten-foot Frankenstein guarded the entrance to a stone laboratory with several tunnels for golf balls. A Dracula in an unmoving plastic cape lorded over a many-towered castle decorated with rubber bats on the 4th hole. A generic masked maniac with a chainsaw guarded the 13th fairway. Ewan also spotted a witch in the window of a gingerbread house and a dinosaur stomping the hell out of the obstacles surrounding the 5th hole. The creature looked just different enough from Godzilla to avoid a copyright lawsuit. 
Deuce also peered around the course, with a frown on his face. "You think the lab's near here?" 
"I think it is here," Ewan said. He thought, If I was a mad scientist, where would I put my secret entrance? 
His narrowed gaze automatically went straight to the building guarded by Frankenstein's monster. Pretty on-the-nose, but that's how humans thought. 
He started toward it. Then he stopped, and stopped Deuce before the wolf could follow him. "We got company." 
A few bored folks were halfheartedly knocking little colored balls around, but Ewan wasn't worried about them. His concerns centered on the men seated on benches at various spots around the course. In coloring and ill-fitting clothing they were cut from the same spicy cloth as Silent Sam, but in much better physical shape. A closer squint at the golfers turned up one of their number poking around the fiberglass hazards surrounding the holes. Ewan saw no telltale bulges, but pros wouldn't advertise their armament anyway. 
"Tiger Yakuza," Deuce muttered. "How do we get past them?" 
"We don't," Ewan said. He picked the nearest ninja and strode right up to him. "Howdy." 
The man glared at him suspiciously. Now that they were up close and in each other's personal space, Ewan could smell the tiger on him, just as he was sure the tiger had a healthy dollop of coyote up his nostrils. That would account for his sour scowl. "The name's Ewan," he said, and offered his hand. "Zhere Ghan sent me." 
The tiger continued to glare, first at Ewan's hand, then at Ewan in general. "Yeah, I'm a coyote," Ewan went on, "which means I'm not an idiot. That's why I switched over to your side. I'm here to help you get your hands on Dr. Morloxian." He took a stab in the dark and said, "Is the signal still coming through?" 
The tiger's widening eyes told Ewan he'd hit the bull's-eye. "You find the entrance yet?" Ewan asked. "Bet you didn't, or you wouldn't be sitting around." He leaned in close for a conspirator's whisper. "My money'd be on Frankenstein's lab over there. It has symmetry. Apes love symmetry." 
His new bestie said nothing, but his hand moved in a choppy signal. The ninja poking around Godzilla's feet abandoned Little Tokyo and cut across the greens to the lab set. They watched him try the door. It didn't budge. The ninja turned at once toward the towering fiberglass Frankie. 
"No," Ewan said, thinking aloud. "Kids'd hang on those arms. Same for the sconces and the gargoyles. They'd climb all over this stuff. I wonder ifnaw. Some teenager at some point would've kicked Frank in the jewels. What wouldn't a kid go near?" 
The tiger listened to all this intently, without appearing to. He mumbled something in a foreign language into his lapel. The ninja sniffing around Frank suddenly climbed nimbly up the ten-foot statue, beyond the average kid or teen's reach, to twist the bolts that jutted from the monster's neck. 
The door to the "lab" swung silently inward. 
"Well, I'll be a son of a hound," Ewan said. "You boys are good." 
The tiger smiled thinly up at him. Then he rose, still without a word, and sprinted for the lab. From all around the course similar dark, silent men converged on Frankenstein's lab and ducked through the open door. 
Deuce trotted over to Ewan. "What just happened?" 
"The Yakuza found the way in," Ewan said. "There being more of them, I figured we'll let 'em run interference for us. We'll wait here five minutes and then go in. They should have the place in a right proper panic and the mutant werewolves occupied by then." 
Deuce stared at him in awe. "You're twisted." 
"That's 'cause I'm a coyote, son." Ewan stared at the doorway. It hadn't been anywhere near five minutes, but he had a special damsel to rescue from distress. In addition to being twisted, coyotes weren't big on patience. "C'mon. Let's go be heroes." 



Chapter Thirty-one: 
Missed It By That Much 

By Pat Cunningham 

Morloxian had Maureen strapped down on the table and was reaching for his hypos when the sound of the first crash reached them. It was followed quickly by others, plus screams. The semi-werewolvan doctor shot a glare toward the door. "Not again," he grumbled. "The mutants," he explained to Maureen. "I can't let them run loose like I could in Colorado. Too many civilians with cameras. So they attack the cafeteria." He shuffled toward the door on bare, taloned paws. "Don't go anywhere." 
The moment he left the lab Maureen attacked her bindings. On TV the heroine would grab a scalpel in her teeth and saw through the straps. Unfortunately, the Doctor hadn't left any scalpels within reach. She had to settle with wriggling her scrawny body out from under her bonds. The buckets of sweat pouring off her helped immensely. 
She had one arm loose and was working on the other when Morloxian returned, on the run. "Time to go," he said. He ripped the straps loose himself. "Goddamn welcome wagon." 
He lifted Maureen off the table. Her feet touched the floor. She steadied herself and then rammed her knee into the Doctor's groin. His lupine howl cracked on a warbling high note. Maureen was out the door before he finished collapsing. 
One quick sprint into the hallway later, she saw what he was talking about. The hidden lab, so quiet and orderly when he'd dragged her off to his workroom, was now a chaotic arena peopled by silent men in black coats and monstrous eight-foot werewolves. The men were armed and the wolves had claws, so they were pretty evenly matched. 
Morloxian's human staff took no part in the melee. They were wisely running for the exits. 
As Maureen watched, one of the men tossed his coat aside and shifted into a tiger. He and a mutant werewolf charged each other. Their roars were equally inhuman. 
Yeah, the exits were looking really good right about now. 
A flash of pastel color caught her eye. The ladies of the harem were taking advantage of the invasion to vacate the premises. Candi, leader of the group, spotted her and waved. "C'mon, hon. There's a way out through Dracula's castle." She and the women ran on without waiting to see if Maureen followed. 
Whatever "Dracula's castle" meant. Maureen dashed after the women. 
She almost made it. Right at the doorway a mutant werewolf suddenly appeared. Its dark fur had made it nearly invisible in the shadows. It clamped its furry paw over her mouth before she could scream. "Don't be afrrraid," it rasped, in a rough, labored growl of a voice with an odd trace of a foreign accent. "All will be well, Maurrrrrrreen." 
Her blood temp went down to absolute zero. She whispered against his paw, "Pete?" 
"There you are. Good, you got her." Morloxian ran at them in a painful shamble. He stopped well back from Maureen with his hand cupped over his crotch. "Goddamn tigers. Who let them in? Get out there and help clean up the mess. I'll take it from here." 
He reached for Maureen's arm. The mutant werewolf grabbed the Doctor's arm instead. "You come with." 
"What? Wait, what are you doing, you stupid mutt! You do what I tell you. I created you!" 
"Perrrrrhaps." The creature formerly known to Maureen as Pete snarled into Morloxian's face. "But I serrrve anotherrrrr." 
He slammed his fist against Morloxian's head. The Doctor went limp. Werewolf Pete caught him and Maureen under his arms and changed direction, heading now toward a set of double doors at the end of a branching corridor. 
Maybe she was delirious. Maybe she was panicking. But as she jounced beneath Pete's arm, she thought she saw a familiar blond head at the end of the corridor. Desperately she screamed, "Ewan!" 

**** 

The underground lab was a mess of flying, bloody bodies, some of them human, most of them not. Ewan figured the real humans had skedaddled already. If the monkeys had any real talent, it was a healthy sense of self-preservation. 
Ewan wasn't interested in them, or the monster werewolves, or the Tiger Yakuza, or even Morloxian. His nose sorted through the mess of scents for that one special perfume that wasn't quite human or quite a she-wolf but already said home to him. He hugged the wall and dodged raging wolves and silent, lethal tigers and sniffed every door he came near. Deuce, no fool, followed his lead. 
He caught a whiff of her scent at the head of a dim-lit corridor and risked a look inside. Something big and hairy had two bodies clutched under its burly arms. One of them shrieked his name. 
"Maureen!" Ewan raced full out down the corridor. He had no idea how he was going to take on a giant mutant werewolf without any weapons. He'd figure something out when he got there. 
The werewolf didn't even look around. It jabbed its finger at a keypad in the wall. The doors slid open. The monster and its captives ducked inside just as Ewan reached him. Maureen strained her hands toward him. 
Ewan lunged for the door. It slammed shut in his face. 
He was pounding futilely on the metal when Deuce finally caught up. "How are you with electronics?" Ewan said, and pointed at the keypad. "Can you get this damn door open?" 
Something inside made a noise that shook the walls. Both Deuce and Ewan froze. The echoes had not quite died away before they were overridden by a second noise, this one a heavy grinding. It seemed to be coming from the ceiling. 
"You sure you want to go in there?" Deuce asked. 
Ewan wracked his brain. He'd done more thinking on this case than he'd had to do in his lifetime. They weren't going to get these doors open any time soon, that was certain. There must be another exit inside. A huge one, from the sound of it. "Where are we?" he asked Deuce. "What part of the course are we under?" 
"I don't think we're under the course itself any more. If my sense of direction didn't get screwed, I think we're near the swimming pool. They filled that in years ago." His eyes narrowed, and he said what Ewan was already thinking. "Or made a bolthole out of it." 
Ewan gave the unyielding door a final useless blow with his fist. He shoved Deuce ahead of him. "C'mon. Back outside. We'll have to catch 'em out there." He thought of that first gargantuan noise. That hadn't been any kind of engine he knew about. It had soundedhe swallowedorganic. Living. "Let's hope whatever they've got in there can't fly." 



Chapter Thirty-two: 
All Hellephant Breaks Loose 

By Pat Cunningham 

Ewan and Deuce made it out of Morloxian's lab without trouble. By now the place was practically deserted. Even the Tiger Yakuza had vacated the premises. Everybody, it seemed, had heard that weird roar from behind the metal doors. Nobody wanted to stick around to find out what had made it. 
Ewan charged outside, back onto the mini golf course, and stared around. "Which way's the" 
Oh. 
The sod covering the old swimming pool had scrunched back to reveal a metal hatch, now almost completely open. Loading dock, Ewan thought. So that's how they got all the big stuff in there. 
Suddenly a huge furry trunk and a pair of curved ivory tusks thrust up through the opening. That horrible trumpet/roar sounded again, this time with no doors to blunt it. This was accompanied by the shriek of metal as the rest of the impatient beast shouldered its way out of its underground holding pen and into the light. 
Behind him, Deuce swallowed a howl of alarm. Ewan, who saw stuff like this at the movies every weekend, just stared. 
The thing that thrust itself to freedom wasn't quite a mammoth, in spite of the trunk and the tusks and a giant bulk that made the statue of Godzilla look like the Geico gecko. Its huge ears came to points and sat too far up on its skull. Its feet, the size of manhole covers, had claws. A wolf's tail sprouted out of its backside. Its shaggy pelt was brownish blond. It looked like something out of "Ice Age", if Manny and Diego had a kid. 
It had blue eyes. Human eyes. 
Ewan's gut dropped into his undies. All of a sudden he knew what had happened to Freddie. 
Even that wasn't the worst of it. Freddie had passengers. A mutant werewolf crouched on his neck. The fella with the mismatched limbs and bad body haircut had to be the Doctor. 
Between them, clutching at the mammoth's pelt to keep from falling off, was Maureen. Her scream was lost beneath another roar from the mammoth. 
The beast paid no attention to them, or to the humans currently fleeing Uncle Fuddy's Funland. It swung about and lumbered toward the highway, picking up speed as it moved. 
"Lupa help us," Deuce moaned. "What do we do?" 
Ewan's hard stare never left Maureen. "We bring him down." 
"With what? I doubt if Dante left a bazooka in his car." 
"Then we improvise. Is there a gun store around here?" 
Deuce shrugged. "It wouldn't be Montana if there wasn't." 
"Let's go, then. I'll drive. You call Dante, tell him we got us a big problem." Screams and the squeal of brakes told them the Freddiephant had reached the highway. "I don't think we're going to lose him." 
They ran for the car. Behind them, a shaking human teenager was recording it all on his cell phone. "Dude," he said, "you won't believe this. This course has some serious hazards."

**** 

Maureen dug her fingers into the mammoth's pelt all the way up to the knuckles and still didn't hit skin. She lay flat across the monster's back and tried not to think about what kind of loud, wet noise she'd make if she tumbled off. It had started off at a gut-shaking lurch, but its gait seemed to be smoothing out with practice. This was a positive thing. The beast sounded really pissed off. She didn't want to annoy it further by ralphing into its hair. 
"Whooo-HOOOOO!" Morloxian pumped a fist in the air. "Look at my baby go! Can I cook, or can't I? By the way," he added, much less enthused, "where are we going? You'd better not be taking me to Hancock. I'm guessing my unannounced defection left him a little perturbed." 
The mutant werewolf grinned at him over his shoulder. Maureen tried not to look at his fanged and furry face, tried not to remember he was Pete. "Not Hancock," he rasped in his rough, bestial voice. "I am to deliverrr you to my lorrrrd." 
"Oh shit. There's another one? I was afraid of that. I guess that accounts for all those tigers. Well, you tell your lord he can bite me." Morloxian scrambled up. Before Pete could stop him he leaped for the mammoth's lupine tail, swung himself down to the tip, and let go. 
Maureen didn't bother to scream. As far as she was concerned, he was now one less problem to deal with. She couldn't hope for Ewan to rescue her. What could he do against this monster? For that matter, what could she? 
Her stomach did a somersault. She clamped her jaw shut and hung on and told herself not to think about Pete's hideous transformation, or how far below her the ground was, or how much worse things were liable to get once Dumbozilla here finally stopped. It really, really sucked to be the group girl in these circumstances. 

**** 

Morloxian timed his fall perfectly. He landed in the moat surrounding Dracula's castle. The scummy water was just deep enough to save him from serious injury. Almost. He tried to stand and his ankle buckled. He went down butt-first in the water. 
"Son of a bitch," he said philosophically. Now he'd have to find another sponsor, build another lab. Great-Uncle Franz's hidden catacombs had served the family well for generations. No chance of salvaging anything now, thanks to that idiot mutant mutt running off with a giant hairy, walking billboard. If Hancock didn't come after him, some other shifter was bound to. 
Maybe he'd head for New York, for the Catskills. He still had family out there. 
"Well, well, ladies. Look what we've got here." 
He jerked his head up. His captive harem had apparently made it out of the lab intact. They'd also armed themselves with the iron putters ditched by the mini golfers. They moved into a ring around him, smiling. 
He didn't like the look of those smiles. No sir. 
"Hi, Morry." Candi bounced the shaft of her putter in her palm. "Mind if we play through?" 
He looked at their implacable faces and swallowed. "Oh, bugger," he said. 
The ladies lifted their putters and closed in. 

**** 

Ranjeet grumbled to himself, but only briefly. True, he had lost the scientist, Lord Ghan's primary target. The Yakuza would be following at a discrete distance. They would have seen the Doctor drop off. No doubt they had collected him already. Besides, it wasn't as if he was returning to Lord Ghan empty-handed. 
The Atcheson wolf-mammoth paused to challenge a tour bus. Ranjeet tugged on his ear until he turned. "Not here," he crooned in Urdu. "There will be bloodshed and destruction aplenty for you. But not here." Atcheson trumpeted his frustration, then turned in the direction Ranjeet guided him. 
The Ghan family had trained him well. He had learned how to control elephants in his native India, and knew how to manipulate Atcheson from his undercover stint in the group. This hybrid creature was easily steered. 
Lord Ghan would be ecstatic. The tiger lord had his own crew of scientists. They would surely glean something from this mammoth offering, and from Ranjeet's own mutated body, and that of the woman who smelled like a she-wolf, the unexpected prize. 
He glanced back at Maureen, her hands knotted desperately in Atcheson's pelt. She smelled different to him now that he had a wolf's nose. Enticing. Exciting. He'd never viewed her in that way when he was human, but this new body had other ideas. Feral, primal ideas. Perhaps Lord Ghan would see fit to reward him for the gifts he brought. 
The quickest way to his lord's stronghold was up Route 15, directly through Talbot's Peak. The beast beneath his feet hungered for destruction. Perhaps it might be wisest to let him run rampant through the shifter town. Drain off some of that massive energy, slake the bloodthirst a bit. Then he'd be more tractable by the time they arrived at the Ghan compound. 
He tugged on Atcheson's ear, and dug his foot-claws into the mammoth's skull. Atcheson barked and bolted forward, leaving the exit behind, aimed for Talbot's Peak. 



Chapter Thirty-three: 
The Wide Open Invitation of the Montana Sky... And the Resurrected Mammoth... 

By Savanna Kougar 

Was there no place left on Earth where she could roam free, fly the skies without fear? 
Of late, Syprelli had grown tired of hiding, of staying concealed in mountain caves while in winged form. Determined to keep the ability to shapeshiftlost to so many of her kind over the centuries -- she'd searched the world over, finally discovering an enclave of supernatural folks who appeared to live together in some kind of sustainable harmony. 
Syprelli stretched her ten-foot scarlet wings and soared. Unfettered, she kicked her back hooves, and stretched her long neck sniffing the great strong winds. The wide open invitation of the Montana sky had been her undoing. 
Danger surrounded her, yes. As a winged horse shapeshifter, her kind was always huntedthe number of enemies incalculable at this point. But with the sun's rays deliciously warming her hidethe winds caressing her, and whipping through her long maneSyprelli chose to ignore reality. 
Besides, she did need to investigate the shapeshifter haven town of Talbot's Peak. What superior way than circling from above? 
A shiver of apprehension passed through Syprelli. After all, that had just been her excuse to fly the friendly looking blue, blue skies. Truth was, she should have hoofed into town first. 
Relishing her freedom, Syprelli sailed ever higher. Catching a whirlwind created by the sky powers that be, she tightened the arc of her wings, and performed aerial pirouettes. 
Enough, she scolded herself. Having flown toward the town, Syprelli glided downward, her wings spread wide, the feather tips fluttering from the wind's friction. 
What the...!!! Instinctively, Syprelli braced her hooves trying to come to a screeching halt in the sky. The scene below her, at what appeared to be a mini golf course, was the stuff of nightmares. 
If she could believe her horse eyes. Syprelli flapped her wings frantically to keep herself aloft. 
Tigers, men changing into tigers, ran in every direction as if demons clung to their tails. Teenagers, their feet apparently glued to the ground by shock, held up their cell phones recording the thundering emergence of...what the?! 
Enormous curled killing tusks, a trunk that could have squeezed a couple of buffalo easily, came into view. The beast, some kind of resurrected mammoth with a stench that would have stopped a stampeding horse herd in their tracks, broke into the open. 
Not only that! two half-shifted werewolf creatures rode on its hairy-as-a-bigfoot back. And worse, there was a woman who was obviously being abducted. 
Syprelli's heart leaped into her throat and she cringed inside, even as she fought to keep her wings beating swiftly enough. What did she do? 
Were there no heroes who would risk life and limb to rescue the woman? 
Observing the unleashed Frankenstein-like chaos below, Syprelli somehow managed to stay afloat. As she attempted to figure out a way to save the terrified, clinging woman, she kept circling the mini golf course. 
She spotted two men who had their gazes locked on the lumbering progress of the giant, genetically-modified mammoth who sported a wolf's tail. Likely they were canine shifters by their bearing. And, Oh Thank Epona! one of them shot off vibes she recognized. It was his mate who was being carried off. 
Stunned again, Syprelli beat her wings furiously, watching as one of the ugly malformed riders sprang up, then leaped so he caught hold of the GMO mammoth's tail. He landed in a dirty-water moat apparently unperturbed by his predicament. That is, until a group of women with iron putters surrounded him. 
Hearing brakes scream to a halt, Syprelli spun as quick as she could, being airborn. Human shrieks rent the air. The hellbeast resurrected from an icy grave threatened a tour bus, its trunk slashing the air like a pissed off anaconda. 
Before a disaster of movie-biblical proportions happened, the werewolfian rider spurred it past the bus. As the franken-monster mammoth pounded along the pavement, the sound terrifying, cars shook and were lifted off the groundas if an earthquake suddenly hit. 
Winging a bit higher, Syprelli followed, unable to do anything else. She'd never been an accident gawker...but the woman remained in peril...and wasn't that the highway leading to Talbot's Peak? 
She was about find out. Syprelli scanned for the two shifter men she'd observed earlier. They'd launched themselves inside a car. Now they crazily weaved through the stalled traffic, and Syprelli was reminded of a made-for-movie obstacle course. 
Her heart sank as she flew above the shifters' speeding car. The sheer horror of what occurred gripped Syprelli out to her very wingtips, and down to the bottom of her hooves. She wondered if Talbot's Peak was about to be demolishedtorn apart and crushed beneath the brute's stomping clawed feet that were the size of ancient Greek columns. 
Epona's good grace! She hadn't even had a chance to explore the 'supposed' haven as a new home. And if this was any indication of life there, her search was far from over. Still, she had to help if she could. 
As Syprelli flew, she tried to think of ways that would stop the possible, goliath like destruction. If she positioned herself before the mammoth-zilla, distracted it, then winged out of reach...but what would that accomplish, given the rider seemed to be in control. 

**** 

From high on a mountain perch, the man filmed the flying horse as she cavorted in the skies. He'd been tracking her for the last year, in human form and horse form. Now finally, as her coat blazed a beautiful shade of red beneath the bright sun, he'd been able to capture the not-myth filly in flight. 
No one would believe him, of course. Despite his evidence. Photoshop and the tech-wonders of the movie industry had seen to that. 
He'd already made his peace with that reality. However, he had other plans. A daring one at that. 



Chapter Thirty-four: 
Running With It 

By Rebecca Gillan 

She was tiny, cute, and nothing but trouble. At least, that's what Myra kept telling herself. She'd read every self-help book she could find on the internet about positive re-enforcement. You are what you believe you are. People will treat you the way you project yourself. Picture yourself as you want others to see you. Fake it until you make it. 
Yeah, none of that really worked. 
To be honest, Myra wasn't entirely sure she had workable material. She was short. She had been told several times that she was adorable in a gawky nerd girl sort of way. And she was a bit clumsy and did tend to be getting into scrapes all the time, usually in ways that were a bit humiliating. The problem was that she was having a hard spinning that into something vaguely attractive. Maybe she just wasn't faking it hard enough. 
Time to try being hot, young and exciting someplace new, where they didn't automatically pull out a first aid kit as soon as she walked in the door. Fake it 'til ya make it, baby. She still had a couple months until her ten year high school reunion to transform herself from an awkward caterpillar to a glorious butterfly! 
Myra peered at the hole-in-the-wall honky tonk bar through the fogged over windows of her Camry warily. They were fogged over because she'd been sitting here in the parking lot, talking herself into giving this one more try for the last forty-five minutes. I wasn't going so well. Maybe she should go back to her usual bar. Surely they wouldn't actually pull out the first aide kit again. 
It wasn't like it was her fault that someone had needed a butterfly bandage every time she visited. She had only been at the Bozeman Bar and Grill for fifteen minutes when those drunk tourists got into an argument that resulted in a broken beer bottle and a slashed palm. She hadn't even talked to them, for crying out loud! And no way could Hank, the bar's owner pin that bar fight the month before on her. 
Fine, she thought. This bar in Talbot's Peak would probably be much better anyway. For starters, it wasn't owned by her sister's ex-high school flame. Why, she'd be willing to bet that no one person here had ever even heard of Myra Mazeltov! With that though firmly fixed in her mind, Myra opened the door of her car and stepped out. 
Right into the path of a rampaging mastodon. 
As she sat quietly sobbing in the back of an ambulance while a totally hunky EMT used a whole box of butterfly bandages to close up the multiple cuts in her scalp, Myra had to admit that maybe she was the one to blame for all her misfortune. After all, only she could get run over by an extinct species of pachyderm in the parking lot of a bar in Montana... 



Chapter Thirty-five: 
Armed and Dangerous 

By Pat Cunningham 

The human kid behind the counter at the sporting goods store barely glanced up from his texting when Ewan and Deuce burst in. "Help you gents?" he said distractedly. 
"We need an elephant gun," Ewan said. 
"What the hell for?" 
Ewan pointed out the window. "For the elephant." 
That got the kid's mind off his cell. He pressed his face to the window and gawped at the mutated mammoth wading through, or in most cases on top of, the slew of cars stalled out on the two-lane, while their drivers wisely fled on foot. 
By now the police had arrived. The cop cars hung well back. There wasn't much they could do against this sort of traffic hazard. 
Meanwhile, Ewan and Deuce did a quick inventory of the gun racks. "Is this all you got?" Ewan called. 
"Yeah. Where are the assault rifles?" Deuce demanded. "You're a gun store in America. You're supposed to have assault rifles. The right to bear arms and blow shit up and all that." 
The kid wrenched his gawp away from the window. "We don't carry those. Just regular hunting gear. I mean, since when does Montana have elephants?" 
Obviously the kid had never ventured into Talbot's Peak itself. Ewan assessed and mentally discarded the array of rifles, compound bows, hunting knives and other sportsmen's implements of mass game destruction. Nothing here would pack enough wallop to even put a dent in the former Freddie le Douche. What could they use that would stop him without putting Maureen at risk? 
"I can't let you have a gun anyway," the kid continued. "There's a waiting period. It's the law." 
Deuce jabbed his finger at the window and the chaos beyond. "He's not waiting." 
"He's not trying to buy a gun. The best I can do is sell you a bow. The elf guy killed an elephant with a bow in that hobbit movie, right? That should work." 
Yeah, if you were a stunt man working with props and the elephant would be added later via CGI. Live, PO'd mutant werewolf/mammoth hybrids were trickier. Especially when they had your mate trapped on their back. 
Ewan turned away from the gun racks. The kid did have a point. He'd seen "Lord of the Rings" several times, especially the last one with all the action sequences. A gun wasn't going to cut it. If only he could get close enough to get Maureen out of harm's way  
Maybe, just maybe, he could. All he needed was a different movie. 
He bolted for another section of the store. Yes. They had what he wanted. He yanked one out of its rack and waved it at the kid. "Is this what I think it is?" 
"Yeah," the kid said warily. "We don't get much call for those around here. I don't see what" 
"I'm taking it for a test drive. Bill me." Ewan grabbed Deuce's arm and charged out the door with his weapon of choice gripped tight in his other hand. This would work. It had to. 
God, it was said, looked after little children and idiots. Chaos didn't look after anybody. Coyotes quickly got used to handling disaster on their own. And they were damn good at it, too. 
Ewan and Deuce piled into the car. The former Freddie had already left the strip behind and was moving at a rapid clip up the road. Ewan dodged Dante's muscle car around abandoned RVs and soccer mom mobiles and took off in pursuit. 

**** 

Abram Turkle's daughter Sharon liked to listen to the police scanner while she did her chores. Now she called out to him. "Pa! Come listen to this. Something weird's going on down at the exit." 
Turkle listened intently to the hysterical voice of the dispatcher and the disjointed reports from cops trying their mightiest to stay calm in the face of insanity. As he listened, his grin got wider and wider. 
When he figured he had the full picture, Turkle went into the den, where his house guest was field-stripping and cleaningwith the proper care and reverence, Turkle was pleased to notethe family's collection of defensive weaponry. The man had a keen eye for quality hardware and healthy respect for a gun. Pity about his human parentage. He'd've made a damn fine turkey. 
"Trouble down at the exit," Turkle announced. "Sounds like a woolly mammoth's running loose." 
Cochrane glanced up from his cleaning. His glance became a stare when he realized Turkle wasn't kidding. Not that Turkle was much of a kidder to start with. "Woolly mammoth? Aren't they extinct?" 
"Guess this one didn't get the memo. Y'wanna go kill something big?" 
Cochrane got up. His grin matched Turkle's for sheer ferocity. "Point me at it." 



Chapter Thirty-six: 
On a Mission of Mercy While the Hellephant Rampages 

By Savanna Kougar 

The day before Mammoth-zilla... 

About to lift the stein of ale, and enjoy a long draw of the premium brew, Dante paused, then asked, "Gorgio, what can I do for you?" 
The goat shapeshifter approached, a nervous smile on his Greek-handsome face. Popular with the lady patrons at the pub, Dante had recently promoted Gorgio to a head server, a raise in pay included, of course. 
"Sorry to disturb you, boss. I know you must be busier than" 
"Yeah," Dante interrupted, taking hold of the printed page Gorgio was about to crumple by handling it too much. 
"My friends are in danger. Since you don't allow cell phones here..." Gorgio bleated the explanation, even as Dante began reading the intriguing but disturbing news article. 

'Werewolf' wreaks havoc on livestock in Central Philippine island 
A series of livestock attacks, occurring during the full moon, has Manilla farmers on edge. 
 Manila: Bloodsucking creatures are devastating livestock herds in the island of Sibale. 
Residents are at a loss over what vicious animal would leave only carcasses of its prey after feasting on them. 
An article published recently by the Manila Standard Today said farmers are becoming increasingly fearful of the creature, which strikes when the moon is full, sucks the blood of its prey and tears off the limbs of livestock such as goats. 
"It's a continuing goat massacre happening at the onset of the full moon almost every year since 2012. So far, more than 200 goats had been massacred by this unknown killer," Sibale Mayor Lemuel Cipriano was quoted as saying by the report. 
Locals believe that the culprit was similar to the mythical werewolf, a creature that strikes during the evening and transforms into a four-legged creature. ~gulfnews.com/news/world/philippines/werewolf-wreaks-havoc-on-livestock-in-central-philippine-island-1.1359060~ 

****

"Nifty, effing nifty," Dante growled in his *about to shift into a werewolf* voice. He scanned the panel instrumentation of Blade Runner's disc-shaped space craft, then watched the ET rabbit shifter expertly control their descent into the Philippine jungle. 
"Damn trippy ride through that dimensional rift...like surfing atop Jello," White Fang gutturally commented, then elbowed Dante. 
Dante's super wolf buddytechnically another ET from a planet ruled by wolf shapeshifterspointed to the wide screen above the panel. "Looks like we've been discovered." 
An array of formidable, futuristic cannons emerged into view. Perched on a rugged, massive cliff above the towering treetops, the sci fi weapons raised into position, obviously targeting them. 
"And a fun time was had by all," Blade Runner drily smirked. 
He dived the small craft directly toward the cannons. They picked up speed so fast, Dante could barely make out the approaching landscape with his superior vision. 
As laser beams streaked and flashed, Blade Runner zigzagged them through the constant fire like a rabbit evading a predator. In this case though, instead of running, Blade Runner played dodge ball, or dodge-the-laser. 
Dante resisted the urge to clutch his stomach. Blade Runner had warned him about the physical effects of flying and maneuvering at supersonic speed. At the same time, he grinned, his wolf fangs scraping the corners of his mouth. Wolf hunting howls, his blood rushed through his veins with the wild-thrill ride. 
Quick enough, Blade Runner danced the craft past the long established black-ops base. Slowing, the warrior rabbit shifter dipped them beneath the umbrella of foliage, then sailed a path that would take them straight to the cave lair of the so-called werewolves. 
Before boarding the craft, White Fang had flown Super Man style over the island of Sibale. He'd used his incredible powers on the reconnaissance mission, discovering the daytime lair of the five beast men, a race ancient to the Earth. 
Problemaccording to the psychic remote viewers in the Peak's Witch Circlethe bestial predators were being programmed by mad scientists at the secret base. Also, their DNA, and even their seed, was being used to build a legion of monster soldiers. 
Within minutes, Blade Runner hovered above the cavern, hidden by a blanketing layer of vines. On screen Dante watched the five, thickly furred bipedals with canine heads awaken, and leap to their feet. 
"They've been warned about us," White Fang stated in his warrior voice. "I attempted to mind contact them. It's been blocked by their brain implants." 
"Magneto grid around them, too," Blade Runner reported. "My limited weaponry can't penetrate. You're on your own, wolf boys. I'll hold down the fort, as your human counterparts say. Or more precisely, I'll keep the frequencies now targeting my ship from blowing it into ion particles." 
"No choice." The words growled up from Dante's gut. His wolf had sensed the killers unsatiated need for a bloody feeding could only be stopped by death. 
With his fur sprouting fast, and his shift to full werewolf accelerating by the moment, Dante focused his altered gaze on the ramp Blade Runner now lowered. Beside him, Dante keenly felt White Fang morph to his wolf form, his force nearly overwhelming. 
In sync, and on all fours, they both launched out of the craft. Side by side, he and White Fang raced toward the cavern's small entrance. 
As he ran, the bloodthirsty side of Dante exploded, then consumed his very being. He rarely entered this state, but when he did... 
He sprang, his jaws snapping around the bipedal werewolf's huge throat. Dante drove his fangs deeper and deeper as they savagely wrestled body to body, claw to slashing claw. All the while, the enormous fangs and claws of another bestial wolf man ripped at his hide. 
After several quick rolls, Dante tore out his foe's throat. In the great spray of blood soaking him, he whirled on the beast wolf ruthlessly attacking his flank. 
Dante lunged for his enemy's belly, shredding the tough-as-steel hide with ferocious zeal. Simultaneously, his own hide was being viciously raked off in hunks. He didn't feel a thing, the high surge of adrenalin protecting him as he rapidly tossed large pieces of flesh, seeking access to the beating heart. 
With a mighty crunch of his jaws, Dante chomped through bone, and snagged the swiftly pumping heart. He burst it with several quick penetrations of his fangs, then spun toward the remaining bipedal who had a muzzle full of Dante's fur. 
White Fang joined the battle, and between the two of them not much remained of the beast wolf's body. 
"Time to depart!" Blade Runner hollered from his craft. "Six bogeys bearing down on little ole rabbit me. And someone needs to clean up this mess. Can't let those scientist idjits have any of your genetic material. Right, wolf boys." 
Once he and White Fang ran inside and collapsed, Blade Runner lifted off, even as the ramp closed behind them. Dante yielded to the excruciating pain caused by his rapidly healing body. But, howls yeah, it had been one hellishly good fight. 



Chapter Thirty-seven: 
Dante Takes a Stand 

By Pat Cunningham 

Dante managed to squeeze in a couple of hours' sleep before the first frantic reports flooded in. There were calls from Deuce and Hoover on his personal phone, and dozens of others on the public "hot line" in the bar. The trouble with being Talbot's Peak's unofficial alpha wolf was that people tended to treat him like their personal 911 unit. 
This time, that panic might be justified. 
He only needed to listen to a handful of calls to get the gist of the peril. Still aching from the wounds he'd sustained in the Philippines, he nevertheless rolled out his motorcycle and roared it down the road toward what sounded like a major disaster. 
"Ewan," he muttered under his breath, "what the hell did you do?" 
One look at the hybrid mammoth monster lumbering up Route 15 and Dante shifted blame to where it belonged, onto Dr. Morloxian's shoulders. He got his bike fairly close to the beast before it tried to stomp him, but that was near enough to see the mutant werewolf perched on its skull and controlling its progress. A second rider saw him and tried to jump. The werewolf caught her in one brawny arm and crushed her struggling body against him. 
Dante's mouth thinned. Hostage. The seriousness of the situation rose another notch. 
He swung his bike around and sped back up the road, scanning for the best place to mount a counterattack. The most defensible spotif a defense could even be devised against something like that mutant pachydermwas the bridge spanning the unfortunately-named Schitt Creek. "They were an early settler family! It's a legitimate name!" the town historians had sworn when Mayor Gil questioned them. Like the Mayor, Dante had his doubts on that score. However, he didn't doubt that if the mammoth made it past the bridge, all of Talbot's Peak would be up Schitt Creek in more ways than one. 
Movement overhead caught his eye. Two winged beings swooped down from on high and landed before him. One was one of the golden eagle twinsRafe, by his scent. The other caused Dante's brows to climb. He'd heard of Pegasus shifters, but had never seen one until now. 
The winged horse shifted into a slender, lovely young woman with a waist-length mane of red hair. She introduced herself as Syprelli. "I've been following the monster since it broke out of the earth down by the interstate," she said. "It's definitely headed for the town. The creature directing it has a hostage. A young woman. I tried to get close enough to help her, but  " She waved her arms. "It's difficult. My other form has no hands, and this form has no wings." 
"Same for me," Rafe, now in his human form, added. "Not to mention that trunk is a bugger. I made a dive at the werewolf on its back and Dumbo nearly nailed me. If you're going to bring it down, it'll have to be from a distance." 
"I have access to weapons that could stop it," Dante said, "but I'd rather not use them until we get the girl off its back. Provided we can." His mouth tightened. "She's the mate of a friend of mine." 
Syprelli nodded. "I saw them. Two wolves. They're following the monster in a car." 
"Then Ewan has a plan." If he didn't, he would when he got there. Coyotes were more seat-of-the-pants types. As long as it worked, Dante would back it. 
The sound of a motor on the road from the Peak side made all three of them turn. A dusty camo-painted pickup truck trundled down the road and rolled to a halt before them. Dante recognized the driver as Abram Turkle. His passenger Dante only knew by his bad reputation: the human hunter, Cochrane. 
"Heard you had some trouble brewing," Turkle said. "We're here to help." 
Dante glanced at Cochrane and let the "we" slide by. Any port in a storm. "Do you know what we're up against? Did you bring sufficient weapons?" 
Turkle snorted at the obvious. "We've got two elephant guns and a grenade launcher," Cochrane said. "We just need to figure out how to get close enough." 
"If that doesn't do the trick, I can run home for the cannon," Turkle said. "The aim ain't accurate, though. We only fire it on the Fourth of July." 
"There's a hostage on the mammoth's back." 
Cochrane looked at him. "And there's a mammoth headed for your town. Let's stay focused on the big picture here." 
Dante bit back a growl. He truly detested the hunter, but the man seemed honestly willing to help. "We think the mammoth may be a genetically-mutated human. One of yours, in fact. Does the name Atcheson mean anything to you?" 
Cochrane's expression darkened to downright murderous. "It means I get the first shot. Ass-kissing psycho, that's what he is. I should have punched his clock a long time back. I hope you aren't planning on taking him alive. From what we heard on the police scanner, that doesn't sound like an option." 
"First we rescue the hostage. I've got a man working on that." He hoped. Dante turned back and peered down the highway. The beast had not yet become visible from the bridge, but its hate-filled bellows could be heard for miles. "Come on, Ewan," he murmured. "Whatever you're going to do, do it fast." 



Chapter Thirty-eight: 
We Are Not Alone... Skyflash... 

By Savanna Kougar 

Blade Runner, the Peak's own extraterrestrial rabbit shifter, carefully maneuvered his small UFO craft, staying close to the top of the mountain. Upon arrival, mere moments ago, he'd activated the sharp spire of granite with a resonance frequency that kept his disc craft hidden. Enemies lurked everywhere in the unfriendly skies, especially the so-called 'visiting' otherworld races. 
With Pachyderm-wolfzilla quaking the ground toward Talbot's Peak, Dante had contacted briefly, both of them aware of a galaxy-sized problem unknown to most. So, despite his earthquaking tryst with his fox-fairy lover that had him sleeping like a newborn rabbit, Blade Runner hopped out of bed. In a matter of minutes, he'd booted up his trusty, pie-pan craft, and soared to the best mountaintop vantage point he'd discovered. 
"Skyflash," he identified the incoming ET ship. The quick explosion of light faded as fast as it filled the western quadrant of the Montana sky. "Not good," Blade Runner muttered in his lingo. Immediately, he put on his rabbit earsthe tech from his world that would give him listening access to the crewauto-interpreting their language. 

**** 

"Brother Qiy, the genetically modified mammoth has a most impressive profile. The Earth scientist must be a rogue." 
"I see what you mean, Brother Xuon. The beast has certain advantageous capabilities." 
"With a few tweaks we would dominate not only sections of Earth, but there are other planet worlds we could trample... hehe... into obedient slaves." 
"My thoughts exactly. Do you recall the primordial-stage planet we discovered three-point-five-eight years ago?" 
"Yes. I understand. A perfect breeding ground for a pair of weaponized mammoths. The other mutated canine beast riding astride, are his genes useful to us?" 
"Perhaps, more than I first realized. He is controlling our future weapon. I will program the retrieval probe to gather both samples." 

**** 

Knowing he didn't need any more information than what he'd just heard, Blade Runner rapidly punched in his own program to intercept the collection probe, and to take evasive action. No doubt, the Crugriox would attempt to laser-burn the hide off him and his craft, about one-tenth the size of their atmospheric cruiser. 
Blade Runner grinned, his own rogue nature coming alive. He lived for these David-Goliath contests, as some humans called them. On screen, he watched the probe, tiny as a sliver of glass, deploy. 
He darted out of the resonance field, diving his craft like a bat out of hell, as the saying went. Given timing was crucial, Blade Runner flashed toward the now popularly named Hellephant, whose rampage down the highway was leaving potholes that could eat a small car. 
Within a split second, the Crugriox detected his presence. Invisible to the human eye, beams that would make him invisible sliced through the air toward his craft. 
"Yahoo and screw you, wabbit killers." With the skilled swift precision that made him excellent with a rapier, Blade Runner dashed through the pelting rays. "This is one rabbit you won't fry up for dinner." 
Not that the Crugriox dined on small mammals, their diet being mostly crustaceans. That hardly mattered in the heat of battle, in gaining his prizethe probe now aiming for the franken-mammoth's monstrous butt like a hypodermic needle equipped with a nano jet pack. 
Blade Runner avoided another blast from the Crugriox ship, this one meant to destabilize his power source and disrupt his craft's flight path. Deploying his own catcher beam as he called it, once the hyperspeed calculations completed, Blade Runner quickly lessened his speed. 
In a sweeping arc, he flew about half a mile above the Hellephant and its malformed werewolf rider, who appeared to be clutching some very unlucky woman beneath a hairy brute arm. "Heroes desperately needed," he muttered, hoping Dante and crew were on the case. His aerial rabbit butt was about to be roasted, if the Crugriox had their way. 
"Gotcha!" Blade Runner triumphed seconds later. With the gene-collecting probe in containment, he flipped his craft upside down, his magnetic boots holding him in position. 
On screen, Blade Runner watched the unsuspecting group gathered below never gaze skyward, except Dante, who gave him a brief salute from astride his ultra-tricked out Harley. 
An onslaught of microwaving beams struck the bottom of his craft, as expected. Unexpected, the interior steam-heated quick, even though it was protected by a sheet of specialized foil. 
"Defcon one, scramble, scramble," Blade Runner repeated the military mantra, thinking fast. "Time to play tilt-a-whirl." 
To save himself and fight another day, he tapped the large gold button. Instantly, the craft spun, righted itself, then zoomed across the sky while wobbling madly. 
"Riding the whirlwind." Blade Runner shouted. "Cook me now, shrimp breaths." Even as his head dizzied, and his eyes took turns crossing and uncrossing, Blade Runner pumped his fist. 
Minutes passed one click at a time. Then, as if a giant hand reached down, his craft stopped its spin and ascended straight up. The loud buzz signaled Blade Runner he was out of range, or the Crugriox halted their pursuit. A swift glance at the instrument panel, once his gaze steadied enough, had Blade Runner hopping up and down with glee. 
His hand flew over the weapons' panel preparing the strike. One sizzle and bang to the power unit of the Crugriox's ship, and they'd be the prey. Blade Runner collected every last ounce of energy from the craft's systems that wouldn't cause him to fall unceremoniously out of the sky. 
"Butt-whipping about to take place." Stealthily, Blade Runner positioned himself above the cruiser, now concealed by a large cumulus cloud. Likely, the Crugriox waited for another chance to steal the lab-brewed monster's gene material. Enough to risk an attack. 
"Pow, pow..." Blade Runner crooned, and palmed the shoot-to-destroy button. He pushed. 
Streaks of red pulsed through the cloud. "Wow! Target is attained...target is attained," Blade Runner celebrated. On screen, he watched the neon stream blast the exterior of the cruiser, then penetrate the power unit. 
Wise enough not to push his luck, or his craft, Blade Runner unlocked. Zipping high into the sky, he returned to the mountaintop, and hovered. Just in case... 



Chapter Thirty-nine: 
Go Fish 

By Pat Cunningham 

Following the Hellephant's progress wasn't a problem. The once-human creature fed as it went, ripping branches from trees and huge swaths of grass from any meadow it passed. This resulted in large piles of natural "breadcrumbs" left in its wake. Deuce, behind the wheel, swerved around one and rolled up his window. "He does like grass," he remarked. He glanced over at Ewan. "You sure you wouldn't rather have grabbed a gun?" 
"This'll work." Ewan was fitting his weapon togetherno easy task, as its larger piece was ten feet long and stuck out the passenger-side window. It made stringing the line somewhat difficult. "It'll get me on top of him. After that I can wing it." 
"I know you're a coyote and all, but  a fishing rod?" 
"Surf rod," Ewan corrected. "I grew up using these, back in New Jersey. You can reel in a two-hundred-pound marlin or a shark with one of these babies. Hey, if they'd had a grappling hook I'd have taken it. It's all about the improv. Any word from Dante?" 
"Last time I talked to him, he was making a stand at Schitt Creek. He'll hold off as long as he can, so you can get Maureen. That means wethere he is!" 
Ewan shot a look out the windshield. The broad, brownish-blond line of the mammoth's back towered above the treeline. Deuce floored it. 
The car shot around a curve, right into a pile of poop. The engine ground and shut off. 
Deuce worked the windshield wipers, and got only a field of streaky brown. "Dante's gonna have a goat," he said. 
Ewan, rod in hand, was already climbing out of the car. If anything, Freddiephant had picked up speed. Maybe whatever human memory was left to him recognized the road to Talbot's Peak. He'd come here to kill shifters, and now he had enough natural power to do some serious damage. No wonder he was eager. 
"Get his attention," he ordered Deuce. "Stall him. Then run and catch up with Dante. I'll take it from there." 
"Yessir, boss." Deuce dumped his clothes and shifted. His gray wolf form raced after the motoring Hellephant. 
Ewan made a couple test casts to get the feel of the rod and make sure all the parts were working properly. If he could pull this off, what a tale he and Maureen would have to tell their grandkids. "Lord of the Rings," he murmured, "meet Jaws." He dashed up the road.

**** 

Deuce did his bit, as well as he was able without getting tromped. He didn't exactly stop the beast, but he slowed it enough for Ewan to catch up. Then he whirled and ducked into the safety of the forest lining the highway. The Hellephant bellowed its rage. It seemed unaware of the second peril creeping up behind it. 
Here goes nothing, Ewan thought, and cast. 
The heavy hook snagged in Freddiephant's shaggy coat, high up on its side. Before Ewan could give it a test tug the Hellephant tugged first, with a long stride back on its course. Ewan was yanked off his feet. He stumble-ran-got-dragged several feet before he could reel himself up. The braided line could hold several hundred pounds of fighting fish; it should be able to handle his one-eighty long enough for him to grab a handhold of mammoth pelt. It was the hook that scared him. If it tore loose 
The hook held. Ewan had one iffy moment when a treetrunk leg swung back at him. He kicked off it and upward and landed near Freddiephant's underbelly. By the time the hook finally ripped free Ewan was scrambling hand-over-hand up the mammoth's side. He reached the top, reeled in his line, and took a look around. 
The first thing he saw was Maureen. She was clutched beneath the arm of a seven-foot mutant werewolf. The werewolf held onto the swaying pachyderm with its foot-claws and steered it by tugs on its ears. It didn't appear aware of Ewan's arrival. Maureen spotted him and clapped her hands over her mouth so she wouldn't cry out and betray him. 
Something must have, though, because the werewolf suddenly turned. Its muzzle wrinkled back from a set of teeth that put a shark's to shame. It dumped Maureen on the mammoth's head and charged. 
Ewan swung the pole. The werewolf swatted it aside. Three feet of pole snapped off and tumbled to the ground, trailing line. Ewan dodged the werewolf's lunge and reversed the pole in his hands. He brought the heavy grip end up between the werewolf's legs. The big reel landed exactly where he aimed it. 
Well, howzabout that. Mutant werewolves could yodel. 
The beast crumpled, clutching at its groin. Its feet lost their grip on the Hellephant's pelt. The werewolf slipped and fell over the side. 
Ewan darted along the mammoth's spine and peered down at its flank. No clinging mutant werewolf. If Mutie had hit the ground and survived, he wouldn't be in any shape to tag along. 
Then Ewan's arms were full of hot, frightened woman. A she-wolf's hiked scent hit his nose and a tongue crammed into his mouth. Ewan crushed his mate against him and kissed her hard while maintaining both their balances on the back of the swaying mammoth. No easy feat, but coyotes are nothing if not adaptable. 
At last he could see her tits. They were everything he'd dreamed they'd be. 
Finally they broke apart. Ewan grinned down at her. "You are one tough gal to land a date with." 
"You're deranged." Her laugh had only a little hysteria in it. Commendable, given the circumstances. "That wolf thinghe used to be Pete. Thisthis is Atcheson. Pete told me. They're going to destroy Talbot's Peak." 
"He's got a long way to go and quite a few tough characters to get through before that happens. Be nice if we could stop him. You know how to drive this thing?" 
She shook her head. "Pete was controlling him, but it was getting harder. I could tell. Atcheson always was a contrary bas" 
The mammoth lurched. Both Ewan and Maureen fell atop its spine. Ewan dumped the rod and grabbed Maureen in one hand and a hunk of thick hair in the other. Freddiephant, it seemed, had finally realized there was no one at the wheel. 
Ewan tried to get up. The mammoth's trunk curled back and quested about for a target. Maureen yanked him back down right before the trunk smacked him. The mammoth trumpeted. 
"New plan," Ewan said. "Here's where we get off. Wrap your arms around my neck and hang on." 
Maureen clamped her arms around his neck and her legs around his torso. Just in time. Freddiephant suddenly reared up. His back rose at a steep vertical angle. Ewan slid the length of the mammoth's spine. He managed to snag hold of its lupine tail. They swung there while Ewan scanned the ground for a spot less hard and rocky than the rest. 
There. He swung out and let go. They landed dead center in the chosen spot and sank. It wasn't ground. It was soft and grainy and filled with bits of grass and leaves and stank like a son of a hound. Maureen shook clods of it off her hands and wiped smears of it off her glasses. "Shit!" 
"Pretty much," Ewan said. "Beats broken bones, though not by much. You okay?" 
"I will be, after a week-long shower." She leaned through the crap cushion to press against him. They held each other close. Freddie was already nearly a mile up the road, still stubbornly on course for Talbot's Peak. 
"Ewan?" 
"Yeah, babe?" 
"Are you going to take your hand off my boob?" 
"Not in this lifetime." 
"You damn well better not." She grabbed him by his hair and crushed her mouth to his. 



Chapter Forty: 
Not My Fault  This Time  

By Rebecca Gillan 

The tick-tock of the grandfather clock echoed through the office, underscoring just how quiet it was. Marissa fought the urge to squirm under Gil's penetrating gaze. For a herbie, he was remarkably good at delivering a predator's stare. She managed not to fidget but she couldn't stop herself from mentally reviewing everything she'd said or done, every spell she'd cast and every curse she'd muttered and every order she'd filled, over the last month. She was sure she had done nothing to earn being called on the carpet. This time. 
This wasn't the first time the mayor of Talbot's Peak had summoned her for a reckoning. The last time, it was because she'd accidentally cursed every ass-wipe in town, turning them into horses asses. That one had affected even some local humans. But she'd earned that butt-chewing. 
"Did you need something?" she finally asked. It was a mistake, she knew. Gil's MO was to stare people down until they spoke first, usually so unnerved that they accidentally confessed. She wasn't overtly worried; she'd done nothing wrong this time. Not that she knew of, anyway. 
"Can you tell me why I knew nothing of the mad scientist parked right outside of town, conducting foul experiments on people?" Gil said, sounding quite casual for a Jersy native. Marissa bit back her knee jerk response. No, sir, Mr. Mayor, sir. Not my job to do your job. She shook her head instead. "And you have no idea why I'd want to know there was a madman conducting magical" 
"It wasn't magic," she cut in quickly. Now she knew what was up. Morlaxian had set up shop right under the shape shifters' noses and had turned the mini put-put golf place into his private mutant creature lab. 
"Not magic, you say," he said, his eyes narrowing with disbelief. Marissa ignored the insinuation that she'd somehow been responsible. 
"Nope," she confirmed. "Morlaxion is a mad scientist, not a mad warlock. He used DNA to conduct his experiments, which is based in science, not magic." 
"Surely there was some...unusual taint to the local earth magic because of all the despoiling of natural life." 
"Nope," Marissa said decisively. "The earth spirit of the valley doesn't consider Morlaxion's perversions to be abominations, so she didn't signal any distress that a practitioner would hear. To be honest, TP kind of likes some of his twisted children." 
"What? Why? How?" He exclaimed. Marissa shrugged. 
"He didn't have to use magic to force the change. He did it strictly using natural, if unethical, processes. Earth spirits done give a damn about human morality, only environmental balance. There's a lot of positive energy here, so he'd have to do something really bad to catch her attention," Marissa said quietly. 
"Ah," Gil said as he nodded his head to indicate his understanding. "What you're sayingor rather not sayingis that he was good with the land and wasn't putting anything too gruesome so the spirit just didn't care what he was up to." 
Marissa nodded once. "The hellephant is pretty gruesome by our standards, but TP just was more interesting animals being introduced to its ecosystem. No magic use equals nothing for witches like me to detect." 
Not my fault at all, she thought darkly. This time, anyway 



Chapter Forty-one: 
The Solution in a Jif 

By Pat Cunningham 

Ewan and Maureen helped each other out of the mammoth poo and wiped each other off as well as they could. This meant shedding what remained of their clothes. Ewan didn't mind public nudity, especially in front of a woman. Especially since he could now happily stare at Maureen's sweet little tits. They made his mouth water, in spite of the stains and the pungent aroma permeating the air. Yep, true love for sure. 
Maureen clearly wasn't as comfortable with nakedness as a shifter, and tried to distract herself by focusing on the matter at hand. "Atcheson's still headed for Talbot's Peak. He'll stomp it to bits just for the heck of it. He's not just an a-hole, he's a psycho a-hole. Getting changed into a giant mutant mammoth didn't do him any favors." 
Much as Ewan would have enjoyed a romp in the woods with his favorite naked lady, even he had to concede now was not the best time. "We should join up with Dante. He's set up a defense line at the creek. If Dumbo makes it past them there'll be no stopping him. Hope Dante's rustled up some weapons. Like a dragon, maybe." 
"You have dragons?" 
"Just the one that I know of. We're a pretty open town." 
Maureen hugged her arms over her breasts, and Ewan muttered swears. "Pity they don't have some peanuts. That'd stop him for sure." 
"Peanuts for the elephant? Well, if he stops to eat 'em" 
"No, not that. He has an allergy. A really bad one. Just the smell of peanuts gives him a rash. If he swallowed some, jeepers, anything could happen." 
"Hold up there. You're serious. Are you sure about this?" 
Maureen made a sour face. "I was the group girl, duh. Guess who had to do all the cooking and grocery shopping? Atcheson was really specific about what he wouldn't eat. Every time Ted had a candy bar Atcheson would pitch a fit. Especially Reese's. It wasn't hard to figure out." 
"So if we got him to swallow a Snickers he'd keel over?" 
"Probably. He's still mostly Atcheson genetically. If the allergy carried over" 
"We can stop him in his tracks." It was a wild, off-the-wall idea, just the kind that appealed to coyotes. "I need to shift for a minute," he told her. "Try not to scream." 
Maureen massaged her throat and offered up a wry grin. "I'm pretty much screamed out." 
Ewan couldn't answer. His mouth was now a muzzle. Dante needed this new information, and a howl would travel faster than their feet. He lifted his head and filled his throat and sent his song out into the air, in the hopes wolf ears would pick it up. 

**** 

Cochrane pointed. "There he is!" 
The point wasn't really necessary. A four-story-high mutant werewolf/mammoth hybrid was pretty easy to spot. He'd reached the open stretch of road that angled down toward the creek. If he made it past the bridge, it was only two miles to Talbot's Peak. Even if the town was prepared, there would still be damage and injuries, maybe even casualties. 
The monster wouldn't cross the bridge. Even if Dante had to drive his motorcycle down its throat and choke it. 
He turned to Rafe. "Is she still on his back?" 
The golden eagle shifter shaded his eyes. "I don't see anybody up there. Let me check." He spread his arms, which shifted to wings, and sprang into the air. Cochrane and Turkle, more pragmatic, continued loading their elephant guns. 
The long grass at the side of the road shivered and a wolf emerged. He loped up to Dante, where he shifted. Deuce hunched over with his hands on his knees and gulped in breaths. "Ewan," he gasped when he had enough air. "Back there. Had a plan." 
It must not have worked, because the beast was still coming. Dante peered grimly at the rapidly-approaching Hellephant. "He's not slowing," he said, "and we can't wait any longer. Will those things bring it down?" 
"If we hit the right spots," Turkle said. He and Cochrane nodded to each other. "We'll hit the right spots." 
Off to the side, Syprelli stared in horrified fascination at the lumbering mammoth. She was not a fighter. Dante had expected her to shift and bolt well before now, but she'd held her ground, determined to do whatever she could to help. His admiration for the Pegasus shifter increased. 
Rafe swept back and circled overhead. He shifted while still in the air, and landed hard. "Nobody's up there," he reported. "It's just Jumbo by his lonesome. I didn't see Ewan, or the werewolf or the girl." 
"Then we're clear," Dante said. "Fire at" 
Then he heard the song, the long coyote howl of trills and yips. The mammoth paused in mid-step, snorted through his trunk, and kept coming. "What" Cochrane started. 
Dante chopped his hand through the air for silence. He and Deuce listened intently to the coded message inside the howl, translatable only to canine ears. 
When it ended, Deuce blinked at Dante. "Peanuts? He wants us to fight it with peanuts?" 
"Food allergy," Dante deduced. "Cochrane. Did your man have a food allergy? 
"Is that what it was?" Cochrane said. "I thought he was just a prissy boy. Damn finicky about his food. Worse'n a goddamn cat." 
Dante had already tuned him out. "Your place is closest," he said to Turkle. "Do you have any peanut products?" 
"Hell yeah," Turkle said. "Peanut butter. Buckets of it. The missus makes her own. She baked a batch of cookies this morning. There might be some left." 
"If we can get him to ingest some, it might slow him down, maybe even stop him completely. Rafe" 
"I'll go," Syprelli said. "I'm no good in a fight." 
"You'll need someone to carry it. Will you take a rider? Deuce." 
Deuce saluted and darted toward Syprelli. Where the girl had been now stood a red horse with crimson-feathered wings. Deuce asked permission before he got on. He clung tight to her mane. 
"Password's 'giblets,'" Turkle said. "Better yell it as you come in. The missus don't know you two, and she's got dead aim." 
"Got it," Deuce said. His words were whipped away as the horse leaped skyward. She and her rider shot over the trees. 
Far closer than he'd been only moments before, the mammoth lifted his trunk and trumpeted. He'd spotted the enemy. Tiny eyes narrowed in hate, he charged the bridge. 



Meanwhile, no dragon reinforcement because... 


Chapter Forty-two: 
Queen of the World, or Not... 

By Serena Shay 

"I did warn you." 
"Really? Ugh, blaah. Eeee!" Karma slid from Erol's lumpy back, choking and spitting before ending up flat on her ass. "Ow!" She climbed to her feet, rubbing her sore tush and watched the dragon create an easy slide down his wing for her friend. "You couldn't have warned me about the bug fest a little sooner? They're in my mouth, Gree! Yuck!" 
"Well who knew you'd pull your Titanic impression and go all queen of the world?" 
"I was flying, girlfriend, it's expected." 
"So are the bugs." 
"Touch." Karma dusted herself off and spit, once again digging deep into her throat and sinuses for a really good wad. Yeah, she could be as girly as the rest of them, but she had bugs in her mouth. Bugs! She shuddered, even as a camel she'd never cared for bugs. Unladylike behavior really was the least of her problems. "Pharaohs balls, I could use a drink." 
"What?!" 
Greely's squeak stopped her from letting loose with another mouthful and whipped her around. 
"What's wrong?" 
The giant dragon dropped his head to bring his large nostrils up close to her face. "Your Egyptian is showing, Hump Back." His humph and snort blew her hair back and smelled like burning everything. 
"I am a camel and these bugs are worse than a mouthful of hot sand." 
"But Karma, Pharaohs ba, ah well, you know," Greely stuttered and blushed, not even saying the word Karma loved to torture her with. 
"Balls, Gree. Or would gonads, testies or nuts be better? Speaking of, you gonna show us a bit of the dangly bits when you shift, Slimey?" 
"Karma Thys!" Greely gasped, making Karma smile. She placed her hands on her hips and stepped in front of the massive dragon as if to block him from view. "No, you'll not see anything as Erol is magick, but you would do well to turn around and give him some privacy." 
"Okay, okay" Karma rose her arms in a submissive gesture and turned away from her friend and that pesky dragon. A grin split her face seeing Greely's protectiveness and love of Erol. It was as if she'd finally let go of that ridiculous doomed love business and let hope seep into her heart. 
Love should always win. A heart so full leaves no room for hate. She'd heard that somewhere, but actually seeing the sentiment allowed her to understand it on a deeper level. Now if she could get Slimey there to have some fun she'd consider this job complete. 
"So, how far do you figure we are from Sin City?" It was time to get this party on the road. 
"I estimated only about a mile." The dragon voice was now back to human as Erol stepped up beside her, Greely's luggage slung over one shoulder and her friend snuggled up in his arms. 
"Oh boy, seriously, you're being carried the last mile in his human arms as well?" Karma griped even though she was secretly happy for her friend. "What about me and my bag?" 
"I saw you pack that thing, hon, you'd need a mammoth to carry both it and your gorgeous, long body." 
"Well, of course I would." She preened before grabbing the bag and wheeling it along behind her. "Too bad I can't find one back in Talbot's Peak." 
"Bite your tongue, Karma. Can you imagine the size of its excrement?" 
"Pish on that, I'd be more worried about the size of its dangly" 
"Ladies," Erol chuffed, clearly, not to thrilled by the turn in the conversation. "Let's move." 
Karma and Greely looked at one another and laughed as they watched wisps of smoke curl out of Erol's human nostrils. "Lighten up, E, this is Vegas baby and the dirty talk has just begun!" 

~~~ 

Ziva follow-up 

Ziva held her burgeoning belly as she laughed at Loki & Thor's "newscast" of the Mammoth invasion. Those boys were naturals and would, one day, make excellent on the air personalities. She also wondered if Nick could find a place for them at the paper. Considering their ages, it would be to do little things that line their allowance pockets and perhaps to pick up a bit of newspaper knowledge, here and there. She couldn't wait to broach the subject with him. 
Hefting herself out of the chair she stood at the deck rails for a couple of minutes surveying what was left after the rampage. Banta poo, for sure, and there was her man, shovel in hand, to do what needed to be done for the town he loved. 




Chapter Forty-three: 
Atcheson Snaked His Monstrous Trunk 

By Savanna Kougar 

Atcheson snaked his monstrous trunk around another hapless tree, snapped it off at the base, and thrust it inside his admittedly cavernous mouthwhere it didn't last long. His hunger knew no end. 
Fueling the franken-mammoth he'd been genetically transformed into was nightmarish. Morloxian had gleefully treated him like a prized child, feeding him high-nutrient formulas that kept his hunger at bay. Now he was on his own, and constantly starving. 
Piss on it! The werewolf part of him howled for a side of beef. Hell, a whole herd of succulent, in their prime, beef on the hoof that he'd crash and tear throughdevouring until he'd finally had his fill. Once he finished trampling Talbot's Peak, and all of its shit-unholy shapeshifting creatures into the dust as if they never existed...searching out the nearest cattle herd was his first priority. Unless... 
Atcheson well realized he'd be the target of every monster hunter in the business. That thought had him wondering where Cochrane was lurking these days. The bastard would aim everything, even the kitchen sink, at him. But so what, if the Elmer Fudd-idjit lobbed his store of grenades. Hell yeah, bring it on! 
With his quick-as-a-whip trunk, Atcheson figured he could catch the explosive devices, and hurl them back. Besides, he doubted the puny force of their explosions would do much to his super-powered snout. That is, except for breathing the smoke out like a dragon. 
Driven by hunger, Atcheson wrapped his beastly trunk around the tall summer grass ripping it up. Dirt and all, he shoved it in his mouth, and kept on semi-trucking down the highway. Through beady eyes, he observed the mere humans scatter like ants. 
Shitand his mammoth crap plopped in gigundis pileshumans weren't high on his list of likeability either. Terrorizing the little scurrying apes gave him quite the thrill. Squealing tires announced their departure in silly little vehicles he could crush with one humongous foot. 
Maybe, just maybe he'd been chosen by destinyAtcheson had known he was destined to far surpass Cochrane as a monster hunterif he had to become a mutant mammoth werewolf to destroy the supernatural monsters that now littered the entire planet, then so be it. With the catastrophic damage he could inflict in this form, he could force order out of paranormal chaos. 
He trumpeted in glee, his trunk shooting skyward. Even that eagle shifter had failed to cause him a lick of harm. And that ridiculous winged horse...at least, she'd had the smarts to stay out of reach. 
And now, with destiny operating through the pathetic wolf-coyote shifter who rescued ugly, glasses-hiding Maureen...Atcheson had been delivered him from his more-than-annoying riderthe too-silent, shifty-eyed Pete, who...no shit-surprise...was an infiltrator. Yeah, a wussy, ass-kissing spy for the Tiger Yakuza. 
Atcheson stopped to give himself a violent shake. Without the mutated-into-a-werewolf-tiger's claws digging into him, he'd been given free rein to reign over the world. But first, Talbot's Peak! 
He bellowed in sheer rage, tromping madly down the highway. Atcheson hardly felt the giant potholes that his weight and strength sunk through the asphalt. Oh yeah baby Dumbo, he could earth-quake his way across the North American continent. 
Right now, tidal waves of fury compelled Atcheson's thundering march toward the shapeshifter enclave. Yet, he also burned with one helluva high. A whole new life lay ahead of himmercilessly savaging whoever and whatever he wanted. 
Just for shit and grins, Atcheson imagined consuming entire golf courses, crashing through football teams lined up for the last crucial play of a game...and compacting rows of cars at shopping malls. 
With a swipe of his trunk Atcheson uprooted a line of saplings, tossing them down his throat. Given his insatiable hunger, he was damn effing glad there were no peanut fields to scarf up. 
Although, he owned not one clue if his death-by-peanut's allergy had translated into what Morloxian had said was his greatest mutant achievement to date. Him. The pride in the misshapen wolf-man's eyes had given Atcheson something he'd never emotionally gotten from his father. That was for shit fucking sure. 
His father had been a monster in his own right. Well now, Atcheson had the power to fold, spindle, or mutilate any monster, any shifter at will. To prove it, he drove his death-dealing tusk through a jack-knifed, abandoned mack truck. 
He raised it high over his head, blasted a trumpet of triumph, then gave his head a toss. The truck flew through the air landing atop the huge branches of the forest's older trees. If he wasn't hellbent on Godzilla-taking out Talbot's Peak, Atcheson would have stopped to appease his appetite. 
On second thought, before mangling everyone and everything in the shifter town, before stomping and stamping the entire town into a bloody combo of goo and dust...maybe he should suck up every last bit of food. 
Then, it struck Atcheson. An ah-ha moment that squirmed through his rampaging haze, and into his mutated, possibly still mutating mammoth brain. How tasty were shapeshifters? 
His werewolf side howled to find out. Howled for the taste of blood. 



Chapter Forty-forty: 
You Gotta Let Them Grow Up Sooner or Later 

By Rebecca Gillan 

"IPod loaded with the sound track play list?" 
"Check." 
"Walkies?" 
"Check." 
"Code book and all-weather graphite pencil for new words?" 
"All pencils are graphite." 
"Do you have it or not?" 
"Check." 
"County topographical map?" 
"Check." 
"Flash lights?" 
"Loki, we don't need no flash lights; it's daylight out." 
"Aaaaaand if we are still mammoth hunting when it gets dark?" 
"Mom's gonna kill us." 
"Wait, wait, wait," Marissa said, rubbing that spot on her forehead right between her eyes, the one that always managed to magically start throbbing every time her delightful sons got into one of their mischief moods. 
"Dude! I thought you were going to cast a hear-me-not!" Loki hissed in a dramatic stage whisper that was every bit as loud as his regular speaking voice. 
"Yer my twin, not my boss," Thor responded in his normal speaking voice, knowing full well that overly dramatic whispering was not effective. "Besides, it's not like it was going to take until sundown before she noticed we were gone." Yep, that was Thor, my big, blond, very practical son. Loki may be the more cunning of the two, but Thor tended to think in practicalities where as his smaller dark haired brother preferred not to let reality interfere with possibilities. 
"So? Ever hear that phrase, it's easier to ask forgiveness than to ask permission?" 
"Whoever said that didn't have our mom keeping an eye on them." 
"Nice flattery, buddy, but I notice you are still planning to try sneaking out," Marissa said. 
"Nope," he said. 
"Nope?" Marissa asked, her voice dripping with disbelief. 
"Dad and Moon-Moon are getting ready to leave to take up sentry duty on the outskirts of town for Uncle Nick. We were planning to beg to go along," Loki said, glaring balefully at his brother. 
"It's going to be our first real hunt with the pack," Thor said, a dopy grin splitting his eager young face. 
"Hunt? You guys are eight years old. You are too young to go out hunting for rogue mutants." 
Hunt?" Mooney said as he walked into the kitchen. He looked at his scowling older son, grinning younger son, and then at his stony faced mate. 
"Your sons have decided to get everything together so when you told them they couldn't join this hunt because you had to go 'right now,' they would be able to tell you that they were ready to go." 
Mooney looked into Marissa's stormy eyes and shrugged uncomfortably. "It's not a bad idea, really." 
"They are only eight years old! They are practically babies!" 
"They are also wolf pups, babe. They have to learn to hunt with the pack sometime. And this is a good hunt for them to join. It's not just going to be McMahon Pack out there. The Wilks are going to be out there, all of Dante's motley pack is already out there. The Fliddermouses are watching the sky. Heck, even the Turkles have gotten in on it. There will be lots of eyes to keep them out of trouble." 
Marissa turned her back, not wanting to look at him until she got her emotions under control. This wasn't the witch's way. Apprentice witches were strictly kept out of any fight until after their thirteenth birthday. But like he said, Loki and Thor weren't witches. They weren't even her kids, biologically speaking, but that didn't matter to her. Their birth mother had given them to her and now they were hers, dammit! 
"I'm sorry, Rissie. I know you don't like it but it is what it is. You married into a Pack. Wolves hunt and when our home is threatened, we rally to defend it. Besides, it's not like we're on the front line. Me and Moon-Moon are on sentry duty, not front line duty. Dante's guys are taking care of that on account of the fact he's got more combat trained fighters. Look, just listen in on the CB band, ok? I see that the boys have their walkies. I'll take Loki with me. Moon-Moon will take Thor with him. We'll have the boys do a running commentary on what's going on. You'll be able to monitor everything." 
Marissa swallowed hard a couple times before realizing she wasn't going to be able to speak past the frog in her throat. She nodded once instead and listened as her guys quickly shuffled out the door, loaded for mammoth. Crap, this letting your kids grow up stuff sucked. 



Chapter Forty-five: 
Bring on the Battle! Ziva on deck 

By Serena Shay 

"Nicolas McMahon, this is not fair!" Ziva growled through the walkie talkie, stomping around the squeaky planks of wood that made up hers and Nick's wrap around deck. "All I have is a pair of binoculars." 
"We need a scout, Z" 
"From the safety of my own home? How am I supposed to provide scouting services from here" 
"It's a mammoth, so you should have a pretty good view of it from there." 
"Yeah, a view. Phfft." She waved her hand in a frustrated fit before pleading her case. "I should be there, Nick. Not here, safely ensconced away from the battle." 
"Ziva, you're" 
"You have my sister, mother and for Lupa's sake, my flaky, lovey dovey aunt on the front lines, while the alpha, me, scouts from a distance?!" 
"You have a much more important job, love," 
"Right, and what's more important than kicking mammoth ass and protecting our town, grrr?" 
"Protecting our child." 
Ziva nearly dropped the walkie in her hand at Nick's softly spoken words. She looked down at her baby pooched tummy and hunched her shoulders, taking on a worlds worth of guilt. She'd forgotten. She'd forgotten she was preggers, that there was a little life growing inside her that needed protecting, not stress from some hunt and battle 
"You didn't forget being pregnant, Ziva." 
"How did you know what I was thinking?" She asked, startled that he could know her thoughts so completely. 
"I know you, sweetheart. You would never forget. You are, however, still an alpha and are feeling so much more like yourself this trimester that it would be impossible for you not to want to take part in the action." 
"Really?" 
"Yes, really. Now take heart, because Dante let me know that Ewan and his team have this under control and we probably won't even be needed in the long run. We're back-up or the cheerleading squad, whichever is needed most." 
Ziva sat in her favorite chaise lounge, the spunk suddenly gone from her, in the aftermath of Nick's words. She felt a huge cry coming on, thanks to her surge of hormones, but didn't want to worry her mate anymore, so she did what she usually did and teased him. "Hmmm, Nick as a cheerleader, you know, I could make that work." 
"Don't even think about it, Ziva." 
"Oh, I'm thinking" 



Chapter Forty-six: 
Ready! Aim! Never Underestimate the Call for Reinforcements! 

By Solara Gordon 

"Ladies, keep your eye on the horizon. You want to hit the target with each and every shot you can." Tyburn looked up and down the line noting that women in every shape and size stood ready to do battle against the enemy. 
Even Rachel stood amongst them taking instruction. This was a side of her he hadnt seen before. Her camaraderie with the women baffled him at first. The more the group bonded and worked together the more he understood. They cared about each other and for each other. If any of them shifted their animal halves were natural enemies in many instances. Yet, they came together, merged into the two lines standing before him. Talbots Peak still confused him. Regardless, this much he knew coming together for a mutual cause made sense. Defending his turf was a fundamental core value. One that he didnt back down on. The Peak, as most of the citizens used, was his turf until the powers-that-be decided he and Rachel were done with each other. 
Back behind them stood the large wood and metal catapults they would arm and use when and if the behemoth ancient creature breached the front lines. No one except the few men who sat in the cabs of the extended bed pickup trucks knew how maneuverable and agile the systems were. Fast and furious theyd constructed the giant weapons. Even the old fashioned sling-shots many of them carried would deliver the blows they needed to gain the momentum needed for the assault. The ammo sat waiting a few test launches that he knew they couldnt risk. Every Phoenix ambrosia soaked pumpkin, its interior filled with peanuts in all forms they could find, waited for the attack and demise of the mad man and his animal spirit. Alcohol poisoning combined with the effects allergic reactions happening simultaneously awaited their enemy. 
Tyburn watched as Miss Elly stepped forward her sling-shot loaded and pulled back ready to launch. Another joined her on the line as did several others. Rocks, balls, and other retrievable items filled their pockets and hands. He swallowed, inhaled, and called out. "Aim! Fire!" More dents and dust left the large dirt filled sacks tied to the trees a hundred yards out. Dust flew up further out as more rocks and balls hit the targets double the distance of the first row. 
"Duck," a voice called out. Tyburn turned, unsure his ears didnt play tricks on him. He jumped back as the one person he never expected to see in this life span shimmered into focus in front of him. She stuffed two objects into the tube she held. She drew the tube to her lips, puckered and blew. Moments later the thunks of darts hitting near and far targets sound. The golden haired female walked over to him and grabbed him. 
"Never under estimate the call for reinforcements, brother." Tyburn tried to reply. He couldnt thanks to the bear hug his twin sister had him in. 



Chapter Forty-seven: 
The Battle of Schitt Creek 

By Pat Cunningham 

"Here he comes," Turkle said calmly. "I got this." 
He could afford to be calm, Cochrane thought enviously. Turkle had the grenade launcher. It had been agreed he'd take the first shot at the monster mammoth. If the grenades didn't bring it down, he and Cochrane would attack with their elephant guns. This, Dante had theorized, would buy time for other, stronger Peakies to arrive, with some of those spacey weapons they were said to possess. He and Turkle were expected to provide no more than a delaying action. 
Cochrane sneered. Dante was just a werewolf. He didn't know squat about what a real hunter could do. 
Turkle walked placidly down the road toward the charging Hellephant. He knelt and settled the grenade launcher on his shoulder. "Welcome to the Peak," Cochrane heard him say, just before he fired. 
They all heard the boom and the whistle, then the second boom when the missile hit the monster on its hairy shoulder. Smoke and a bit of fire bloomed in its fur. The mammoth reared back with a screech of obvious surprise that its would-be victims could hurt it. 
"And now that we got the range," Turkle went on, "we finish the job. Sorry you got pulled out of bed for this," he called back to Dante. "Lunch is on me." He loaded another grenade and took careful aim at the mammoth's skull. 
The former Atcheson stood firm and waited, glaring at them from his scarily human eyes. Turkle fired his killing round. 
Atcheson eyed the approaching grenade like a batter at the plate. An apt analogy, Cochrane realized seconds later when the mammoth-thing raised his trunk and swatted the grenade aside. It exploded harmlessly far out over the open meadow. The mammoth trumpeted what sounded like triumphant laughter. 
"Scat," Turkle said. "Wasn't expecting that." 
Nor was anyone expecting the beast to lunge forward in a high-speed charge. Turkle dove for the safety of the high weeds at the side of the road, too late. Atcheson caught him up in his trunk. He sniffed at his captive, then thrust Turkle into his mouth. 
"No!" Cochrane screamed. The old bird was a shapeshifter, inhuman, the kind of thing Cochrane had come here to kill in the first place, but over the last couple of days they'd found enough common ground to become fast friends. Nobody was going to make a turkey dinner of him while Cochrane had air in his lungs and a gun in his hand. 
He raced toward Mammoth Atcheson, heedless of his own safety. When he figured he was in range, he started firing. It took only seconds for Cochrane to realize an elephant gun wasn't going to do squat on a creature three times the size of an elephant and protected by a thick mat of hair. Not unless he got right up close and personal. 
He was hastily reloading when he heard a series of muffled pops. The mammoth stopped and shook his head violently. The pops paused, then picked up again. 
Cochrane grinned fiercely. The wily old bird. He must've had a pistol on him, and was now shooting directly inside the monster's mouth. "Chew on that," Cochrane snarled. 
Instead of chewing, the mammoth spit. Turkle tumbled out of his mouth. Before he could hit the ground he shifted. The wild turkey streaked for safety, trailing ripped ribbons of camo. Atcheson snaked his trunk hungrily after him. Cochrane raised his gun. 
The roar of Dante's motorcycle warned him just barely in time to jump out of the way. The alpha wolf sped toward the monster, his pockets stuffed with grenades. Rafe, the golden eagle shifter, also soared mammothward, a grenade clutched in each taloned foot for an aerial assault. 
Cochrane nodded. It might just work. They'd proven the grenades could hurt it. If they could knock out its legs, that would give Cochrane his chance. He hung back and let the shifters take their best shot. 
For a while it looked like they had him. Dante lobbed his grenades at Atcheson's legs, aiming for the vulnerable knees. When the mammoth went for Dante, the eagle tore a pin loose with his beak and dropped a pineapple as close to the monster's skull as he could aim. The explosions probably caused the mutant beast's wolf-sensitive ears more pain than the actual grenade. He certainly had a lot of roars and head shakes going on, and vigorous trunk-swipes at the circling eagle, but nothing seemed to be doing him any real damage. 
Unfortunately, Rafe could only tote two grenades at a time. The eagle swept back toward Turkle's pickup truck to reload. Free of that distraction, Atcheson turned on Dante. Cochrane had to admit Wolf Boy could work some serious maneuvers on that hog of his, but sooner or later either his skill or his luck was going to run dry, and then 
And then the Hellephant's trunk dealt a glancing blow to the rear of the bike. Dante went skidding onto the berm and was thrown into the grass. The mammoth lifted one enormous foot and scanned the ground for his victim. 
"Hey!" Cochrane shouted. He ran out into the center of the road and waved his gun over his head. "Atcheson! Yeah, I'm talking to you, you psycho shit! You remember me? You want a piece of me? Well, come and get me, motherfucker! You're no hunter and you never were! You're just one more friggin' monster." 
The mammoth turned. His little eyes squinted at Cochrane. It took a full minute for recognition to set in. The monster loosed a roar full of hatred and charged him. 
Cochrane got off two shots before the trunk wrapped around him like a huge hairy python and lifted him into the air. The hunter's arms, along with the gun, were pinned to his sides. No matter. Cochrane was counting on all that insane hatred in the mammoth's blue eyes and the rumble in his empty mutant tummy. "Go ahead, fuzzball. Do it," he taunted. After the monster swallowed him, he figured he'd have just enough time to do some serious internal damage with the elephant gun before he suffocated. Maybe he'd even be lucky enough to hit a vital organ or two. It was how all hunters dreamed of cashing it inin action, guns blazing. Who the hell wanted to die in bed like a pansy boy anyway? 
"Come on!" Cochrane shouted as well as he was able with the trunk squeezing all the air out of him. "What are you waiting for?" 
Atcheson glared at him, long and hard. Then he swung his trunk and hurled Cochrane up and away, at a high and no doubt fatal terminal velocity. The hunter didn't even have a chance to get off a shot. 
Cochrane had time to reflect that when he landed he was probably going to make the biggest, messiest splat Talbot's Peak had ever seen. 



Chapter Forty-eight: 
"Hack Yer Way Through!" 

By Savanna Kougar 

Scottish dog shapeshifter, Duff McDuff, swung his enormous broadsword high, signaling his band of four warriorsDonnie Bonnie Lad, a Scottish Deerhound shifter; Dristan, a Collie Dog shifter; Mad Cow Agnus, a black Angus shifter; and Night Runner, a black superwolf. 
Behind them, and hovering above on delicate wings, was Duff's light and love, Kyrbella, a fae fox shifter. His woman had promised him on her oath that she'd stay well out of harm's way, merely using her eyes to advise them. 
With Talbot's Peak under attack by some mad-scientist concocted beast, Duff had hastily gathered those he knew would not cower like beaten dogsbut would fight with heart, to their last mortal breath. If the god's saw it as necessary. 
Bellowing a battle cry, Duff charged, broadsword held high. The familiar feel of his kilt against his pumping legs as he raced down the embankment served to fuel and fire his ages-old fighting blood. 
He roared a mighty growl, and heard the sound echoed by Donnie, Dristan, Agnus, and Night Runner. "We're comin' for ya... ya beastie from the pits of infernal hell!" he thundered from the depths of his huge lungs, from his warrior's heart. 
For Duff McDuff had fought in an uncountable number of battles since the Ancient Ways. No one's bloody fool, though, he'd sized up the combat situation from high ground. First. 
He and his kilted, blade-ready band watched as Mr. Turkle bombasted the malformed monstrous beastie with a grenade to its shoulder. Then, the old hand at defense, took careful aim at the creature's giant skullsurely as the gods laughed, a target not to be missed by whoever could hit the broadside of a barn...as the saying went. 
"Batter up," Donnie quipped beside Duff. 
"And he swings," Dristan crooned like a sports announcer. 
"Home run," Agnus finished. 
"Hell," Night Runner growled. "Looks like Turkle is about to be a turkey dinner. Without the trimmings." 
With the superwolf's words ringing in his ears, Duff raced the relatively short distance toward the mammoth's uglier-than-sin hindquarters. Reaching their point of attack, he halted close to the beastie's oak-trunk sized back leg. 
Duff spun several times, gathering his force. "Batter up," he bellowed. "ya unnatural pachyderm from a warlock's nightmare." 
With his full strength, Duff aimed for the hellephant's tendon slicing his mighty blade across its lower back leg. Thick fur flew and a bit o' flesh. A warrior's madness took possession of him, and Duff roared. 
"Hack yer way through!" he shouted, already hearing the others swing their blades against hide as tough as steel. 
Taking turns with Agnus, Duff repeatedly slashed hunks of bloody flesh off the mammoth's leg. At the same time, he heard Cochrane's elephant gun blasting shot after shot. 
"What the freakin' scat is this lab-conjured monster made out of?" Night Runner growled above their chopping blades. He, Donnie, and Dristan attacked the beastie's other back leg. 
Mr. Turkle shot himself free! Kyrbella yelled inside Duff's mind. 
"Faster, lads," Duff barked. "Cripple this out-of-Frankenstein's-grave creature." 
"Bad news," Dristan panting-barked. "It's self-repairing." 
"Call on the Great Force, me lads," Duff encouraged. He continued hacking like a moonstruck fiend, with Agnus matching his strikes. "Whoever delivers the crippling blow gets to yell 'timber'." 
Watch out! Kyrbella telapathed. Grenades. Dante is attacking. Aerial attack too. 
Sudden explosions around the leviathan beastie's front legs, then it's furiously shaking head, caused Duff and his warriors to jump back. Escaping the hellephant's backward but unaimed kicks, they rallied, only to see Dante whip and weave on his Hawg. 
Miraculously to Duff's mind, Dante avoided the serpent strikes of the unholy creature's trunk. Not long enough, though. With one savage slap on the rear of the motorcycle, the alpha werewolf skidded, hit the hump of ground and went sailing through air. With the saints' own luck, Dante landed on a soft spot of grass. 
Seeing Cochrane rush into the middle of the road, and take aim, Duff barked, "Now's the time, lads. Let's cut this monster down." 
As Cochrane played target, taunting the beast he called Atcheson, the five of them frantically swung their blades. Pieces of mammoth meat quick-as-spit covered the road. Until... 
A trumpeting roar shivered the air. The very sound shook the asphalt beneath their feet. When the Atcheson beast charged, quaking the ground, the five of them were hurled backward. 
Unable to land on his feet, Duff's derriere smacked the highway, his blade clattering on the hard surface. He wasn't alone, thank the fine gods. His four brave comrades had fallen on their backsides as well. 
Cochrane, the beastie's got him trapped like a hungry python, Kyrbella blasted inside Duff's mind. 
As one, Duff and his warriors leaped to their feet. Blades at the ready, they charged toward the mountain-of-fish stench that was the Atcheson behemoth. All of them stopped dead in their tracks, seeing Cochrane flung from the mammoth's impossibly long trunk. 
The monster hunter skyrocketed into the wild blue yonder. No one spoke as Cochrane disappeared. 



Chapter Forty-nine: 
The Bigger They Are  

By Pat Cunningham 

With the earth still far too far below, Cochrane felt gravity reassert itself. This was it. Even if the trees broke his fall, the ground was still going to break the rest of him. No way was he getting out of this, unless the Great Hunter in the Sky sent him a miracle. 
And then the Great Hunter spoke: "Holy shit!" 
His miracle arrived in a sweep of crimson wings. Syprelli maneuvered herself beneath him. He landed hard on the flying filly's back. Both she and Cochrane grunted and swore, though hers was more of a neigh. 
Deuce steadied him. "Thanks for coming out to meet us. I take it the fight's not going well?" 
"Understatement." His gun was gone. They were up the creek for sure now, unless "Did you get it?" 
"Right here." Deuce did a little drumroll on the lid of the plastic tub under his arm. "Nice and fresh and chocked with chunky bits. Now we just have to shove it down his throat." 
"You leave that to me. Can you get me up close?" 
Syprelli shook her mane. She didn't want to get any closer to the Hellephant than she was right now. Sensible, but not helpful. "Just set me down, then," Cochrane said. "I shouldn't have any trouble getting that asshat to attack me." 
The shifter fooled him. She changed course, aimed for the mammoth. Cochrane was impressed in spite of himself. He'd long believed shifters were monsters that skulked in the dark and menaced honest humans. This last week had made a dent in a lot of his preconceptions. Maybe some shifters could be spared. You just had to pluck the good apples out of the rotten barrel. 
First things first. He had a mutant mammoth monster to kill. 
Syprelli carried Cochrane and Deuce back to the heart of the battle. Cochrane leaned past her neck to peer at the ground. It looked like a tribe of Scotsmenand one Scotswoman in a Xenaesque corsetwas attacking the mammoth's legs. Cochrane shook his head. This town just got weirder the longer he stuck around. 
The winged filly flapped higher. "Watch out for the trunk," Deuce said. Syprelli muttered something that Cochrane guessed was No shit in horse talk, and dove. 
No good. The mammoth saw them. Syprelli swerved beyond reach of that snaking deadly trunk. She swept past the monster and climbed for another attempt. Its bellow followed her into the sky. 
Deuce passed the tub of peanut butter to Cochrane. "Any idea what you're going to do?" 
"Stop him." 
Deuce shrugged. "Okay." 
The red horse dove again. This time they got help from the ground crew. The Scotsmen were watching Syprelli. When she started her dive they charged in and laid axes and knives to the Hellephant's hind legs. The beast half-turned to deal with this more immediate assault. Its mouth gaped in an irritated roar. 
"There!" Cochrane pointed. "Get me right up to his mouth." 
Syprelli whinnied. Are you out of your mind? But she bravely veered in as close as she dared. With Deuce's help Cochrane got up on his knees on her back, with his feet under him. "Hey! Atcheson! Open wide, you son of a bitch!" 
The mammoth swung its head toward them. It lifted its trunk and gaped its mouth to roar at them. 
Cochrane jumped. 
He landed right where he needed to, just inside its mouth. God above, it stank in here! And it was slimy, and hot as hell to boot. Bits of tree branches and mashed leaves and grass were stuck in its mammoth teeth. Cochrane anchored himself around a molar and throttled his instinct to gag. A mass of black flesh quested around for the annoyance worrying at it: the mammoth's tongue. 
Just the thing. Cochrane pried the lid off the tub and lobbed handfuls of peanut butter at that writhing slab of meat. He smeared gobs of the deadly-to-Hellephants foodstuff onto its teeth and the floor of its mouth for good measure. Finally he just tossed the whole tub down its throat. That ought to give it some problems in several hours' time. "Bottoms up," he said. 
Now to get out of here. 
Already the part of the monster that was still Atcheson was realizing something was wrong. Those hot blasts of breath came more quickly. The humongous tongue appeared to swell even as he stared at it. Short gaggy sounds rumbled up out of its throat. 
It was going to vomit. 
"No," Cochrane groaned. "No no no no." He scrambled past the Hellephant's lips and teetered on the edge of its gaping mouth. A tusk curved just within reach. He leaped. 
And missed. 
Once again Syprelli appeared in the nick of time. Deuce caught Cochrane by the arm and hauled him aboard. "We figured you wouldn't have an exit strategy," he explained. 
The airborne shifters streaked for the sky. Those on the ground scattered. The mammoth halted. It shuddered all over. It tried to scream, but couldn't force more than a squeak through its rapidly-closing throat. Its eyes bulged. Its legs buckled. One of the Scotsmen yelled, "Timberrrr!" 
The Hellephant collapsed just short of the bridge over Schitt Creek. It rolled over onto its side and wheezed desperately for breath. Red splotchesmonstrous hivesappeared on its trunk. 
Cautiously Syprelli came to earth a prudent distance away. Dante, the Scotsmen, Rafe the eagle shifter, and a naked Turkle, even scrawnier and uglier without his clothing, crept up on the mammoth. When nothing happened to them, Cochrane joined them. "Is he  ?" 
"Not yet," Dante said, with a jerk of his chin at the Hellephant's heaving side. "Its mutant genes are trying to fight the allergy, and its human genes are resisting. It might survive. It might even recover, given sufficient time. We have to act fast." 
"No problem," Cochrane said. He glared into the former Atcheson's glassy blue eye. "Just hand me a gun. I'll make it quick." 
"No." 
The hunter stared at Dante. "No?" 
"I need to put in a call to the local witches. If they can't restore him to human form, they'll move him somewhere elseanother dimension, another planet. Some place where he can't hurt anyone." 
"Works for me," Turkle said. "Someplace where he can smash stuff and be the biggest bastard around. I suspect he'd like that. Got a radio in m'truck." 
"Thanks." 
"You can't do that!" Cochrane yelled at Dante's retreating back. "We have to" 
One of the Scotsmen stopped his tirade with a meaty hand on his arm. "Leave it, laddie," he advised. "Yon beastie's threat is done. Tis up to us to help him now, as well as we're able. That's our way." 
Your way sucks, Cochrane wanted to say. However, he saw that he was outnumbered and prudently kept his mouth shut. His opinion of shapeshifters rearranged itself yet again. He stood off to one side and glowered at his fellow defenders, and concluded his original hunt might not be finished after all. 

**** 

Sometime later a weary, poo-streaked Ewan and Maureen trudged up the highway and joined those still on the battlefield. They made a wide detour around the laboriously-wheezing Hellephant and reported in to Dante. "I see you saved the day," Ewan said. "Sorry I missed it. Anybody get a video?" 
"We were busy," Dante said dryly. "Duff and his buddies will be happy to fill you in, but you'll have to buy the drinks. By the way, where's my car?" 
"Back there." Ewan jerked his thumb to indicate the highway behind him. "It's a littlewell, try not to be too upset. It was all for a good cause." He shrugged one shoulder. "Shit happens." 



Chapter Fifty: 
Transcripts from the Battle of Schitt Creek 

By Rebecca Gillan 

Loki: Tango Helo Oscar Romeo, check check 

[burst of static] 

Thor: Who? 

Loki: TANgo HEEEEElo Oscar RomEO! Check CHECK! 

Thor: Dude, everyone knows who we are. Just say m'name. 

Loki: Whatever, catbox breath. Clearly you can hear me so the radio check is a go. 

[five minute silence] 

Thor: Contact! 

Loki: What? Where? 

Thor: Dude, someone just drove Dante's ride into a giant pile of bantha poo! 
Loki: Ok, I see it now. Yeah, that does kind of look like a bantha except it has a trunk 

Thor: DUDE! DUDE! Did you just see what Ewan did? 

Loki: Yeah! He went fishing for hellephant while Duce distracted the bugger by nipping its heels! That was totally awesome! Dad, can I go chase the hellephant, too? [muffled sounds] Why not? Uncle Bo and Uncle Nick let us nip at their heels when they play chase all the time! 

Thor: PLAT! Right into the poo with you! 

Loki: What'd I miss? 

Thor: If you'd not hold the transmit button while begging Dad for something you know he's not gonna go for, you'd know. 

Loki: Just tell me! 

Thor: Well, Ewan used that big fishing pole like a long range grappling hook to climb up on the bantha or hellephant or whatever. 

Loki: Saw that part. 

Thor: Yeah but you missed seeing Ewan duke it out with the mutant werewolf on the hellephant's back while the skinny chick tried not to fall off the thing's head because the mutant just kinda tossed her away when it went to go after Ewan. And then Ewan flat out NUT SHOTTED the mutant with the fishing pole and then it fell off the hellephant and landed right in the middle of fresh steaming pile of poo! 

Loki: Dude, that's awesome. I wanna be like Ewan when I grow up! 

[muffled sounds. Mooney smacking his pup over the head?] 

Loki: Fine. Dad said to repeat Ewan's coyote call since not ever'one can understand it. He is saying that the hellephant's going to be in range of Schitt Creek in les than five minutes and that he didn't see where the mutant escaped to after it got out of the scat pile. 

Thor: Moon-Moon said it headed towards the tiger compound. 

Bo Ewing: Say again? It headed to the tiger compound? Not the Hancock Packlands? 

Thor: That's right, Uncle Bo. It went east toward the tigers, not southeast toward the other mutant wolves. 

Bo: Good to know. Tell Dante we'll reshuffle the secondary line to protect the northwest edge of town, as well. 

Dante: Got it. Keep up the good work, pups. 

Thor: Who's on the secondary line? 

Loki: I heard Dad talking to Uncle Nick about it. If the wolves can't stop the hellephant before it reaches town, the herds are going to try to redirect it. 

Thor: Uh, I don't think that's going to work. Uncle Bo and Han are pretty big and Aunt Mary and Grandma are pretty tough, but there's no way a heard of Big Horns is going to be able to turn that thing. 

Loki: That's why it's called a last ditch effort, butt-sniffer. And it's not just the Ewing herd. The oxen, the mustangs, even the elk are waiting on standby. 

Bo: That's right boy. If the offence fails, our only hope of stopping that monster is to try and appeal to its herd pachyderm herding instincts. 

Thor: It's bigger than most of the trees, Uncle Bo. 

Bo: That's why it's a last ditch effort, fuzzball. No how about an update on the battle field? 

Loki: Ok, Ewan just howled that Atcheson is 'lergic to peanuts. Who's Atcheson? 

Thor: Moon-Moon says that's the hellephant's name.

Bo: Allergic to peanuts, got it. What's the beasts ETA? 

Loki: Dad said it'll be to Schitt Creek in about three minutes 'cause its speeding up. A flying horse just shifted and has somebody on its back. Dad said it looks like they are headed for the Turkle spread, prolly because Mrs. Turkle stock piles peanut butter. 

Thor: It just bugled. Looks like the fight's about to begin. 

Loki: Mr. Turkle just lit it up with a grenade launcher! The hellephant has stopped charging Mr. Turkle is still firing grenades 
Thor: Dude! The monster just batted that grenade away like it was a baseball! 

Loki: It just charged again. It just grabbed Mr. Turkle with its trunk! 

Thor: It's gonna eat him! 

Loki: calm down! Look, that human with the huge gun is shooting at it. 

Thor: Oh my GOD! There's a bunk of dudes in skirts with swords charging the hellephant's hind legs! 

Loki: Calm down, butt munch! We're supposed to be reportin' on the battle progress. 

Thor: Eat that, you ugly bantha monster! Woooo!!!! 

Loki: looks like Mr. Turkle just shot his way out of the hellephant's mouth. 

Thor: That's a spicy meata balla! 

Loki: Dude, cartoon references? 

Thor: Airborn! 

Loki: Ok, the human just got thrown by the hellephant and the flying horse is back. It just plucked him out of the sky before he hell. 

Thor: Dudes in skirts kick tail! Oh! OH! Ah-wooo! 

Loki: My brother to doofus just wolfed out and the flying horse is making strafing runs on the hellephant while the guys in dresses distract it. [muffled sounds] Kilts. Dad says it's guys in kilts, not dresses. Oh now that was just cool! The flying horse swooped in and the human jumped into the hellephant's mouth, rubbed something all over its teeth, and then jumped back out just in time for the horse to catch him! And then the hellephant tried to puke but it can't 'cause its tongue is the size of 

Mooney: And that's all for the Loki and Thor comedy hour. 

Dante: That it is. I'm calling this battle a wrap. Call in the witches to do triage on a prehistoric monster in full anaphylactic shock due to peanut allergies. Get clean up out here for all the monster poop. And has anyone seen my car? 


Chapter Fifty-one: 
Restitution 

By Pat Cunningham 

Cochrane glanced around Talbot's Peak's center square and tried not to let his horror show. It looked like the whole misbegotten population had turned out. To honor him, the wolf-man Dante said. Yeah, right. They were still shapeshifters, and they still outnumbered him, and they had still confiscated his weapons after the fight was over. This better not be the honor accorded the victim right before the sacrifice. 
At least they'd left him his clothing this time. That was a step in the right direction. 
A lean, gangly man with a twitchy nose stepped up to the podium. He'd been pointed out to Cochrane earlier as the current Mayor. "Fellow Peakites," he spoke into the mic, "by now you're all aware of the monster that threatened us and our town. We came together in the face of peril, and we triumphed. I'm proud of all of you. 
"Today we honor those who directly risked their lives and safety to defend us. Dante." The wolf man seated near the podium stood and bowed modestly to the cheering crowd. "Duff McDuff and his cohorts." From out of the crowd the Scotsmen and -woman raised tankards of liquor and roared something in Gaelic. "Rafael Golden." The Mayor nodded skyward, where an eagle circled. "The Turkle family, who politely declined to join us this afternoon. Ditto for Syprelli, a newcomer to Talbot's Peak, who nevertheless put her life on the line for us. I hope you all help to make her feel welcome here in the days to come. May I also extend our gratitude to a young man who played a vital role in our defense, yet chooses to remain anonymous." Cochrane spotted Deuce standing with a bunch of glowering wolves dressed like "Twilight" wannabes. He was the only one smiling. 
"Ewan Carter and Maureen Starkey." The blond man standing at the front of the crowd hastily yanked his hand off his girlfriend's rack. The girl in the glasses just laughed and left her own hand where it sat comfortably on his ass. Cochrane tried not to scowl directly at them. That damned coyote still owed him for that bite on the wrist, even though the cast had come off a while back. And her. She was a hunter, or supposed to be. She'd clearly thrown in her lot with the enemy. Women. Couldn't trust 'em. 
"And a special thanks and our undying gratitude to another stranger to our town, who nevertheless literally leaped into the jaws of hell to save us all. Abel Cochrane." The crowd broke into thunderous applause. Numerous hands propelled him toward the podium. The Mayor stepped back and motioned to the mic. 
Cochrane stared out at the sea of faces confronting him. Shifter faces. Monsters, every last one of them, hiding behind faux human features. Clapping and chanting his name. 
"Just doing my job," he mumbled into the mic, and tried to make his escape. 
"Just a moment." The Mayor caught his arm. "I've been told you initially came to Talbot's Peak for a specific reason. We'd like to help out. Mr. Lincoln? Mr. McMahon?" 
Cochrane stiffened. He recognized those two old geezers stepping out of the crowd. Purple paint, cardboard fairy wings, public nudity and the cops. He wasn't going to forget those sons of bitches any time soon. 
"Mr. Cochrane," the aged ape who'd once been Mayor of Talbot's Peak boomed within earshot of the mic. "Last time you visited our fair hamlet, Vern and Iwell, we did something mean that I know now we shouldn't've. We'd like to apologize for that. No hard feelings?" 
He held out his hand. Cochrane just stared at it. "Take it," Lincoln murmured through a politician's smile. "Otherwise Vern here's liable to shift, and that'll put his big wolfie jaws right in line with your dingle. We wouldn't want any accidents to happen in front of the children, would we?" 
Goddamn shifters. They'd trapped him good and proper. Cochrane seized the ape's hand and pumped it once, then repeated the gesture with the grinning old wolf's. The audience went wild. Short trip for them, he thought scathingly. 
The high school band raised their instruments and broke into the ceremonial music from the end of the first "Star Wars" movie. That appeared to signal the end of the gathering. The crowd broke up, most headed toward the center square's various eating establishments. Better that than him, Cochrane reckoned. 
Oh Christ, here came the coyote, with Maureen at his side. Probably after the rest of his arm. The hunter tensed for battle. 
"Mr. Cochrane," Ewan said, amiably enough. "As long as everybody's apologizing, I want to say I'm sorry for the bite. You sorry you tried to kill me?" Cochrane didn't respond. The coyote shrugged. "Told you," he said to Maureen. 
"That's why I didn't take the bet. Sir?" Maureen addressed Cochrane. "I quit." She walked off arm and arm with the coyote, now and forever a traitor to humanity. Picked a monster over her own kind. Typical woman. 
Once he got his weapons back, she could die along with the rest of them. 
"Mr. Cochrane." Now that the mic was shut off, the Mayor also shut off his joviality. "You saved a ton of lives at the risk of your own, and we're forever grateful. Just the same, I think it would be best all around if you left Talbot's Peak right now and never came back. I'd even go so far as to say stay out of Montana altogether. There are plenty of other places in the world for you to ply your trade. I'm sure you can find one." 
Cochrane studied the Mayor's hard eyes, then those of Dante, just beyond his shoulder. The Scottish contingent had clumped together and watched the hunter warily. The two old bastards went on grinning, like they couldn't wait to get their mitts on another bucket of paint. 
"How can you do this?" he muttered at the Mayor. "You know what these things are." 
"Better than you can imagine," the Mayor growled back. "I was born human, Mr. Cochrane. We have more in common with 'these things' than you believe. I'll take their kind over yours any day." He smiled thinly. "Thanks again. Have a nice day." 
The Mayor, with Dante and the Scots as backup, escorted Cochrane to his car. He got in without a word and drove out of Talbot's Peak. And that was that. 
For now. In spite of everything that had happened, the basic threat posed by a town full of shapeshifters remained. As soon as he replenished his weapons stash, he'd be back. 
One final tribute awaited him as he drove down Route 15. The Turkle clan had gathered at the side of the road. As Cochrane motored past they raised various weapons in salute. A grinning Abram Turkle hefted his newly-arrived bazooka. 
Cochrane slowed and saluted. When he returned to clean up the town, he would spare this bunch. He would never hunt turkeys again. They were true Americans. 




Chapter Fifty-two: 
Wrapup 

By Pat Cunningham 

"They're all gone?" Maureen said worriedly. "You're sure?" 
"As can be," Ewan assured her. "Shaggy and Agent MulderI guess that's Barry and Lowensteingot run out of town days ago. Jumbo Dumbo's been sent to a place he won't be coming back from. Cochrane won't be back if he knows what's good for him. Your friend Pete, or whatever he is now, was seen headed for the tiger compound. They'll deal with him, one way or the other. Zhere Ghan likes to keep a low profile. I think that's everybody." 
Finally. Now maybe he could stow all this save-the-day scat and get down to the important business of courting his lady. Starting with this romantic breakfast at the Bighorn Diner. The place was packed as usual, but somehow a table for two had materialized when they'd come in. The perks of being a hero. 
"Not quite," Maureen said, still worried. "I wish I knew what happened to" 
"You two ready to order?" 
"Ted?" Maureen leaped out of her seat and threw her arms as far as she could reach around the massive bulk of Comic Book Guy. "You're still here? You're okay?" 
"Yep. Still here and better than okay. Atcheson dumped me here in town, so I figured screw it and went to breakfast. Best decision I ever made. The food here is incredible. And they have all you can eat days. I didn't want to leave. So the owner, Miss Elly, gave me a job. I work here through lunch, then help out at her husband's place for a couple hours." He nodded toward the window, and the Grease 'n' Grill visible across the square. "Shifters have been better to me than humans ever were. I'll be damned if I'll hunt 'em any more. I'm out of the cryptozoologist biz. You better be okay with that." 
"Hey, me too." Maureen returned to her seat. She looked at him critically. "Have you lost weight?" 
"Ten pounds," Ted said proudly. "Miss Elly's got me on a veggie diet. That's the only downside. Her boys want me to start working out, and they're relentless. She's even got her husband in on it. I'm not allowed to eat over there." He gazed longingly out the window toward the other diner and its enticing greasy odors. "Vern says he wants me to drop at least a hundred pounds because the way I am now, it'd take a pack to pull me down. He's joking, right?" 
"Oh yeah," Ewan said. "That's us. Born comedians." Except for wolves, who had no sense of humor. No reason for Ted to know that. "We'll have two specials. Blueberry for me, strawberry for the lady." 
"You betcha. Anything to drink?" 

**** 

Eons in the past, in what would one day be Lapland, the mutant creature that had once been Wesley Atcheson surveyed his vast domain. He liked this place. It had the abundant food his mutated metabolism required, plenty of land to roam in, and puny little hairy hominids several hundreds of thousands of years away from inventing the gun. Their arrows and spears couldn't penetrate his hide. He could stomp them with impunity. And gleefully did, as often as opportunity presented itself. 
Best of all, this land was home to a herd of woolly mammoths. They also posed no threat to him, as he was clearly the largest, most powerful male in the territorya fact not lost on the females. Within weeks he acquired an entourage of cows. Life was good indeed. 
Roughly a year from the present day a team of Swedish paleontologists will discover the remains of a monster mammoth preserved in the frozen earth. Their findings throw the world of science into chaos. The human elements in the mammoth's DNA are attributed to contamination in the lab. The wolf genes aren't so easily explained. At least one scientist's career ends in disgrace. The remains are locked away in the hopes they'll be forgotten. 
Reading about the debacle in a scientific journal, Morloxian ponders the discovery, then shakes his head. "Naw. Couldn't be." 

**** 

"Lord Ghan." The head of the Tiger Yakuza knelt on the floor before Zhere Ghan's desk. "We have captured acreature attempting to enter the compound. It appears to be one of the hated Hancock's mutant werewolves, but it speaks. It says it is your servant." 
"Indeed?" Ghan's brain sifted information. He could think of only one "servant" with even a tenuous connection to Hancock's mutant werewolves. "Where is this creature?" 
"Outside. Shall we kill it, Lord?" 
"No." Ghan stood. "Show it to me." 
The mutant werewolf had been bound with ropes and whips. It was ringed by Tiger Yakuza, many with guns. Yet when Ghan approached it, it turned its attention to him and him alone. It bowed as well as it was able. "Lorrrrrrd Ghan." The Yakuza muttered. 
Zhere Ghan stood before the beast. "What is your name?" 
"Rrrrrranjeet, Lorrrrrd." 
Ghan considered this. "Leave us," he told his Yakuza. 
The mutters grew in intensity, but Zhere Ghan's word was law. The Yakuza agents withdrew. Ghan himself removed the werewolf's bindings. "Report." 
"This one was unsuccessful in securing Dr. Morloxian," the werewolf growled in Urdu. "I attempted to bring you the mutant mammoth, but I was overcome and the beast was destroyed. I have failed in my mission, lord. I failed you. I offer you my life, and this, my mutant body, as compensation." Ranjeet bent his head, awaiting execution. 
Instead Zhere Ghan rested his hand on the werewolf-creature's shoulder. "You're a loyal servant, Ranjeet. I'm sure you did your best. You are to be rewarded. You are now a member of my Tiger Yakuza. The grounds and the forest beyond are yours. You will patrol them and keep us all safe from intruders. Any creature you catch, you may kill. But not eat, unless it's a true beast. Drive off any shifters you come across, without too much violence if you can. We don't want any unnecessary problems. Not unless I order it." 
Ranjeet quivered all over like an excited dog. He even dared to lick his master's hand. "I live to serve you, Lord Ghan." 
"Then get to work. You've a territory to guard. You'd best get acquainted with it." 
The wolf-creature bounded off happily. Zhere Ghan smiled, watching him go. Such loyalty. You couldn't even buy devotion so strong these days. 
So he didn't have Morloxian. Neither did Hancock. That counted as a victory in Ghan's ledger. Those idiots in town never would have let him keep the mammoth anyway. This was better. He had his own mutant werewolf now, loyal only to him. And soon 
He opened his hand and regarded the long, loose wolf hairs resting in his palm. He bankrolled his own set of Indian scientists, well-schooled in both science and respect to the ancient tiger lords. They'd assured him they were making incredible strides in cloning. 


Chapter Fifty-three: 
HEA 

By Pat Cunningham 

Two wolves ran through the forest beneath the fading light of the setting full moon. One was a lovely gray and black she-wolf with brown eyes and a fine thick brush of a tail. The other had a coyote's tall ears and pointed muzzle. They had come to hunt, but spent the night more in play than tracking. Tonight their hungers ran in other directions. 
Moonset caught the gray wolf in the middle of a leap. She changed in midair and landed awkwardly in a pile of dry leaves. Maureen sat up and brushed off forest detritus. "Poop." 
The coyote shifted into Ewan. "One of the drawbacks of true werewolfism. You've gotta have the right lighting. You okay?" 
"I'm fine." She squinted at a smudge on her forearm. "Double poop. My eyes are back to normal too. You'll have to lead me out of the woods. It's so much easier as a wolf. I see so much better with my nose." 
Ewan plopped his bare ass down on the ground beside her. "Then you're gonna go for it?" 
"I don't know." She plucked a leaf out of her hair. "It's pretty intense. I keep getting urges to rip things apart with my mouth. Living things. I wasn't counting on that part. It makes me think about those monsters that wacko was creating. How he wanted to turn me into one." She shuddered. 
Ewan put his arm around her. "It's not like that all the time. Being a werewolf's easier than being a shifter. You know when you're going to change. You can eat a full meal beforehand. Then you'll just want to run around and chase things. Or sleep. Eat a moderate meal beforehand. Anyway, it's only for three days a month." 
Maureen made a pouty face. "That isn't much." 
"Better than no days a month. You've got plenty of time to decide. Marissa's spell won't wear off for another couple weeks. If you decide to go for it, she's already agreed to use Gil's curse spell on you. We just have to get you the right fur so you don't turn into a squirrel." 
"Squirrel, huh? Let me think about that. I used to like climbing trees. I could throw nuts at people." 
Ewan spread his legs wide. "You don't need to be a squirrel for that." 
Maureen giggled. "Darn astigmatism. I can barely see. You'll have to bring them closer." 
He eased her onto her back and climbed on top on her. "Done and done."

**** 

Did Maureen decide to go for her dream and become an actual werewolf? No one in Talbot's Peak will say. But a lot of howls were heard in the woods around Ewan's place, and not just on the nights of a full moon, either. 
Maureen's knowledge of xenomorphs served her well when Dante added her to his payroll as their cryptozoology expert. The Peak had many different kinds of enemies, and Cochrane and his team had hunted almost all of them. If a threat had a weakness, she'd find it. 
Working for Dante meant they got a discount at the Pleasure Club. A lot of howls were heard down there as well, and not just from the harem room. Maureen refused to have anything to do with goats. Why, she never said. 
And that about wraps it up. People would never imagine a flighty, irresponsible coyote would turn out to be a devoted, faithful lover. Ewan always kept quiet about that part. He had a reputation to maintain, for the sake of all coyotekind. "It's those scatted wolf genes," he'd grouse to Maureen, who'd pat his hair and say, "Amen." After which they'd head for the bedroom. 
And they lived happily ever after. 



THE END ... for now... 





Here's the link-addy for a bonus chapter: 
 ~http://shapeshifterseductions.blogspot.com/2014/08/bonus-post-final-fate-of-abel-cochrane.html~ 



~~~~~~ 



The ShapeShifter Seductions Authors 

~http://shapeshifterseductions.blogspot.com~ 


Our Available Books 

~~~~~~ 


Serena Shay 
~serenashay.com~ 


Blurbs: 


The Submission 

Two is better than one. Most would agree with that statement, but not full-blooded shifter LeAnn Turone. To accept her need for multiple partners means facing a lifetime in a one-sided triad. She's better off denying her heritage even if that means walking away from two of the most delectable alpha males she's ever met. 

Rick Taylor and Trent Warren each think they've found their mate in LeAnn, but a midnight meeting deep in the woods proves them wrong. Not only do they both long to connect to the sexy, but skittish, female they also find themselves attracted to one another. 

Each member of this triad must free themselves from the fear of the future and submit to the greater power of love. 

~~~ 


The Challenge 

Marina Jamison is a mystery. As a half-breed shapeshifter, she lives on the fringe of were-jaguar society. Though her love for pride leader Bastian LaRue is forbidden, she finds herself tied to him by a bond stronger than their individual wills, a psychic link born from their one-night stand. When her secret is revealed, she is scorned and excluded. Neither Bastian nor the pride can accept a half-breed queen. 

~~~ 

A Magical Return 

Conleth "Cole" Douglas, warlock and vessel, needs a miracle. A destructive force has taken hold of his town and it will take more than just he and his magical Other, Cole, to eradicate the Evil. When an attempt to open his lover, Emterra, to her destiny fails, Conleth and Cole are forced to stop the Evil the only other way they know how; by taking it, and themselves, to another realm. 

Emterra "Irene" Azzurra, untapped witch and vessel, has lived the life everyone else thought she should. Devastated by the loss of her long time love, Conleth, she's given up on a happy-ever-after and faced her continuing time on earth, moment by moment. 

When Conleth miraculously returns, opening her heart to him again seems to be too great a task for one middle-aged mayor of a dying town. Especially when he looks to be the same young Goth he was when he left and he's trying to convince her she's sharing skin with a magical being. 

Can Conleth prove his claims of magic and the Others to be true? Can Emterra allow herself to believe in love and his wild claims? Or will the returning Evil finally be able to swallow this town and all its inhabitants into the deepest realms of hell. 

Ebooks available at LIQUID SILVER BOOKS ~liquidsilverbooks.com~ 


~~~~~~ 


Savanna Kougar 

~savannakougar.com~ 


OtherWorlds~OtherRealms~OtherTimeLines 

My two previous ebook releases: 

Sun Rocket and Draxen invite you to read their love story... 

Red Lioness Tamed 

Adventures of Sun Rocket, Book 1 

Blurb ~ 

 What does a lioness shifter do 
when she's suddenly trapped in an unknown space cruiser's cargo hold? 
Then, despite her ability to savagely defend herself, 
she's trapped beneath the swashbuckling but human Captain. 

And next, cat-scratching ridiculously, she finds herself carnal-trapped, 
and meow yowl! bound by leather straps in his bed? 

Answer: She fights tooth and claw. 
Problem: The loner Captain is nova-hot at seducing her. 

[Sci Fi Erotic Romance, Futuristic Space Adventure] 
Novella ~ Ebook 

~~~ 

Sherilyn, Zance, and Dontoya 
invite you to read their love story... 

Her Midnight Stardust Cowboys 

A ShapeShifter Seductions Novel 

Blurb ~ 

A woman desperate to save herself and her prize horses. 
Two shapeshifter cowboys who want her as their woman. 

When Zance, a timber wolf shifter, 
and Dontoya, a black cougar shifter, 
find Sherilyn dying due to a reckless driver, 
there is only one way to bring her back to life. 
But, that's only the beginning... 

~~~ 


Listed from the first to last published: 


Lady Sheridan and Baron Zaggry 
invite you to read their love story... 

All Shades of Blue Paradise 
[World of the Blue Pearl Moon, Book 1] 

 In an aristocratic world of fiercest passion, 
destiny and love can be denied for only so long. 

Despite his past betrayal, Sheridan becomes the 
Barons slave lover to save her brother. 
 
[Erotic Fantasy Romance, Aristocratic Intrigue] 
Novella ~ Ebook 

~~~ 

Sedona and Volcano 
invite you to read their love story... 

When a Good Angel Falls 
[Winter Solstice 2012, Book 1] 

Where angels fear to tread, 2012 Earth. 
Is a stranger on a superspeed motorcycle 
her savior from the brutal endtimes? 

[OtherTimeLine, Angelic Erotic Romance, Action Suspense] 
Novel ~ Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Kalypso and Zryphus 
invite you to read their love story... 
 
Murder by Hair Spray in Gardenia, New Atlantis 
[New Atlantis, Book 1] 

One hundred years old, 
Sheriff Kalypso despises relationships. 
Zryphus has found his one woman. 
The Battle of the Sexes begins. 

[Futuristic Paranormal Erotic Romance, Action Suspense] 
Novel ~ Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Wendy and the Dark Brothers: 
Zavier, Zent, Zion, and Zotorro 
invite you to read their love story... 

Her Insatiable Dark Heroes 
[Chrontropolis, Book 1] 

How many Superheroes does it take to satisfy 
the one woman who dances like a fire goddess? 
Answer: the four Dark Valorous Brothers of Chrontropolis. 

[OtherWorld, Superhero Erotic Romance Menage, Action] 
Novel ~ Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Trail and Seneca 
invite you to read their love story... 

Stallion of Ash and Flame 

A man-stallion of ash and flame on a mission to save his worlds Earth portal must save his Mate, a human woman forbidden to him. 

[Shapeshifter Erotic Romance, Action Suspense] 
Novel ~ Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Kylie and her Texans, Dillon, Dono, and Dash 
invite you to read their love story... 

Branded by the Texans 
[Three Star Republic, Book 1] 

 What can three Texans do to a womans body and heart? 
Kylie is about to find out. 
Beyond her wildest dreams. 
On a parallel Earth. 

[OtherEarth, Erotic Romance Menage, Western Adventure] 
Novel ~ Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Stacy and Zyrru 
invite you to read their love story... 

The Tiger's Masquerade 

 Stacy wasnt looking for a tiger-man to erotically 
and exotically fill her tank, then steal her heart. 
That is, until the Halloween Call of the Wild Masquerade ball. 
But, what kind of tiger does she have by the tail? 

A short shapeshifter story in the anthology, 
Just Another ParaNormal Halloween Anthology 
Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Kandace and her hellhounds, Zol and Zin 
invite you to read their love story... 

Kandy Apple and Her Hellhounds 

 Bewitched, bothered and bewildered... 
What happens when two of Hades most mission-accomplished Hellhounds find just the right witch for Halloween? 

[Witch Shapeshifter Erotic Menage, Action Suspense] 
Novel ~ Ebook and In Print 

~~~ 

Kaily and Dylan 
invite you to read their love story... 

Santa Baby, Several Stars Away 

Consumed by curiosity, Kaily gives herself to a mystery man for Christmas. 

Will Dylan be able to resist her waiting naked, but gift-wrapped beneath his tree? 

A Short Shapeshifter Erotic Romance 
Ebook 


~~~~~~ 


Pat Cunningham 

~titlemagic.blogspot.com~ 


Blurbs: 


Jessalina's Pets 

Rich, spoiled and bored beyond words, lynx shapeshifter Lady Jessalina impulsively buys a pair of virile male pets at the slave market. Little does she know her new acquisitions, fox shifter Fin and his partner Deon, a shifter of unknown breed, have their own agenda: rob the ladys house and make off with the loot. But first, theyll entertain their new mistress to the best of their ability, in the bedroom in particular. 

While Fin easily feigns submission, Jesss efforts to conquer Deon hit a wall, since Deon blames the lynx folk for the near extinction of his people. 

When a rival noble kidnaps Jess, all three are tested to their limits. Stripped of all the perks and power of her rank, Jess finds her fate lies in the hands of the men she bought and owns, and discovers shes come to love. They may wear the collars, but just whos holding the leash? 

[Siren Mnage Amour: Erotic Futuristic Fantasy/Paranormal Mnage a Trois Romance, M/M/F, with M/M elements, shape-shifters, HEA] 
~bookstrand.com/jessalinas-pets~ 

~~~ 

Slayer for Hire 

Billie's favorite TV star is coming to her hometown! So is his biggest fan: a vampire who wants him all to herself and will kill whoever gets in her way ... including Billie. 
YA/NA SWEET romance. 

~evernightteen.com/slayer-for-hire-by-p-e-cunningham~ 

~~~ 

Temptation and Tights 

Holy star-crossed lovers! Dr. Burke Templeton never intended to fall in love in with Owen West. He never intended to become a supervillain either, but an accidental infusion of dinosaur DNA will do that to a guy. Owen doesnt know that Burke is secretly the villainous Malaraptor. Unfortunately, Owen is the upstanding superhero Icarius, defender of Metro City. 

Malaraptors team is bent on destroying the city. Icarius is bent on stopping them. Burke just wants to be with Owen. Whats a supervillain to do? 

Intent on salvaging the relationship, Burke does what any villain wouldhe kidnaps Icarius. Can bad guy and do-gooder see beyond their ethical differences (and the really big teeth) and reach some kind of accord? As Burke discovers, morphing into a monster, fighting superpowered foes, and planning global domination are simple compared to the effort needed to win a heros heart. 

[Siren Allure ManLove: Erotic Alternative Sci-Fi Romantic Comedy, M/M, bondage, HEA] 
~bookstrand.com/temptation-and-tights~ 

~~~ 

Legacy 

Colleen Brenner doesnt believe in vampires, until shes attacked by one. Two men come to her aidWallace Hamilton, a slayer, and his lover, Jeremy Teach. The pair take her into their home and under their protection. It turns out vampires have targeted not only Colleen, but all the children from the commune she grew up in. What are the monsters after? 

As the three delve into Colleens repressed memories, she finds herself drawn to both of the men guarding her. Jeremy is human, but Wallace is a vampire himself, and Colleens growing attraction to him is countered by her mistrust of what he is. Then their investigation uncovers a decades-old evil tied to Colleens shrouded past. She herself may not be as human as shes been led to believe. Can their newfound love survive the truth of Colleens inhuman legacy, or is itand Colleens souldoomed? 

[Mnage Amour: Erotic Paranormal Mnage a Trois Romance, M/M/F with M/M elements, vampires, HEA] 
~bookstrand.com/legacy~ 

~~~ 

Belonging 

Raised by vampires, Jeremy Teach wants nothing more than to belong to a vampire. After a slayer destroys his family, Jeremy flees to southern California and finds work as a prostitute in a brothel that caters to paranormal creatures. Here he meets and falls in love with Wallace, one of his vampire clients. 

However, Wallace is harboring a deadly secret from his long-lost human past that threatens their future together. Can Jeremy learn to forgive, or is their relationship doomed? 

[Siren Classic ManLove: Erotic Alternative Paranormal Romance, M/M, vampires] 
Available in e-book and print. 
~bookstrand.com/belonging~ 

~~~ 

Bad Boys 

"Chicks dig the bad boys." So claims Boranaz the demon, and to prove it he intends to seduce Solian the angels charge, a mortal woman named Wanda. 

However, over the course of dinner dates, clubbing and an unexpected kiss, Boranaz finds himself falling instead for Solians heavenly hotness. Suddenly the game plan changes. Can Boranaz tempt the good guy into taking a chance on a bad boy, or will his hopes for a happy ending go straight to Hell? 

[Siren Classic ManLove: Erotic Alternative Paranormal Romance, M/M, Angels/Demons] 
~bookstrand.com/bad-boys~ 

~~~ 

A London Werewolf in America 
Editors' Pick: Outstanding Story 

[BookStrand Paranormal Romance] 

British werewolf Roderick Chase has been sent to Philadelphia to get married. Instead he finds himself the target of werecoyote assassins. His only hope: Darinda Lowell, a witch with a low tolerance level for arrogant alpha males. She agrees to act as his bodyguard and use her magic to find out whos trying to kill him. 

Theres no way the pushy wolf and the vegetarian witch can get along, or so Darinda tells herself. However, love tends to work a spell even a witch cant ignore. Can she claim the wolf whos won her heart, or will she lose him to a murderer? 

~bookstrand.com/a-london-werewolf-in-america~ 

~~~ 

Best of Breed 

It started out as a joke: a werewolf entering a dog show. Adele Chase has always believed herself ugly, with her doggish wolf form and non-shifter blue eyes. But in the show ring shes discovered a place where she can be beautiful. 

Now, poised on the brink of her biggest win, nothing can deter her-not even the presence of Bowie, the notorious werewolf hunter. Hes stalking the show in search of a werewolf and found what he thinks is a woman. Adele realizes he could be her destined mate-or, if he uncovers her secret, her death. 

With Best in Show within her reach, she plays a dangerous game with a man who might either love her or kill herwith neither aware of the enemy whos out to destroy them both. 

[BookStrand Paranormal Romance, werewolves] 
~bookstrand.com/best-of-breed~ 

~~~ 

Coyote Moon 

It's that time of the month, the full moon, when Willy Alvarez's moods go wonky and her dreams fill up with wolves. A time for hungers she doesn't dare fulfill because they lead to violence. She's resigned herself to a manless life, then Cody Gray arrives. 

Cody is cute, funny, charming, and a werecoyote. His nose knows what Willy doesn't: she's half werewolf. He's convinced this repressed half-human she-wolf is his perfect mate. Now he just has to convince her. And quick, because her long-lost pack has learned about her existence, and they've come to town to claim her... 

[BookStrand Paranormal Romance, shape-shifters] 
~bookstrand.com/coyote-moon~ 

~~~ 

Love on the Wild Side 

Coyote Moon and Best of Breed 

Print book available at Amazon.com 

~~~~~~ 


Rebecca L. Gillan 

~rebeccalgillan.com~ 


Blurbs: 


Catching the Hunter 

Events are spiraling out of control as a Hunt Lord and his lovely elfin tracker scramble to catch an assassin before she strikes again. 

All Connor ap Annwn wants is one last hurrah before hes put down as a mad dog too unstable to keep around. All feisty noblewoman Sorsha ap Darach wants is one grand adventure before submitting to the marriage market and the drudgery of a noblemans wife. Neither is looking for love, but they have a common goalfind the assassin no one else has been able to catch before she strikes again. They fight their growing attraction as they fight their way through false leads and deadly plots. 

But the assassin isnt the only villain out there, and the hunters quickly become the hunted. Can they turn the plots of their enemies against them in time to save each other? 

[BookStrand Fantasy Romantic Suspense, elves, HEA] 
~bookstrand.com/catching-the-hunter~ 

~~~ 

Equal Partners 


An ancient warlord on a mission. 

A sultry hoodoo enchantress steeped in magic. 

Will their passion bind them together or burn them? 

Passion heats up when Lleu, the oldest of the fabled Hunt Lords, tracks a royal assassin to the heart of Louisiana bayou country. He didn't expect to find a sultry hoodoo enchantress who fires his blood and makes him long for her forbidden love. 

Will their burning desire be enough to make the fiercely independent Cissy accept the scarred elfin warriors claim on her? 

[BookStrand Fantasy Romance] 
~bookstrand.com/equal-partners~ 

~~~ 

The Hawk's Bride 

Banished as a child, Lucan Hawk has grown to be a bitter warlord with a bad reputation. Now someone is killing the king's heirs. King Patton wants him named heir, assuming a shifter lord trained by black elves will be a harder target for an assassin. But Luc can't forgive his uncle for allowing the banishment ten years ago. Then he's offered a boon he can't refusethe right to marry the only woman he ever loved! 

Caitriona, a human-born cat shifter, was orphaned as a young child and brought to Aintoch to be raised by the captain of the guard. Feisty and beautiful, Cait was Luc's childhood best friend and teen sweetheart. Though she knew she could never marry her elfin lover, she never forgot him. The night Luc comes for her, she thinks she's dreaming. But the dream turns to a nightmare when the assassin targets her! 

[BookStrand Fantasy Romance, shape-shifters] 
~bookstrand.com/the-hawks-bride~ 

~~~ 

ShapeShifter Seductions Presents: 

Quick-Fix Wedding 

Jock has found himself in an interesting position. In order to avoid being put in a mating group by his alpha, he begged his cousin to invite him to her house for the holidays. Little did he know, he was going to end up married for Christmas! 

Free Read at Smashwords 
~smashwords.com/books/view/391592~ 


~~~~~~ 


Solara Gordon 

~solaragordon.wordpress.com~ 


Blurbs: 


Tina's Treasures 

Tina Davidson cant avoid being set up with a date for her best friends costume-themed wedding shower. When two dates dressed as pirates show up claiming to be her date for the evening, Tina begins wondering what buried treasures she may uncover before the nights over. 

Jon Smithson and Drake Cranston are ready to act on their shared attraction. Jon and Drake have failed at a shared relationship before. Theyre ready to try again, this time with Tina. 

Tinas had her share of failed affairs too. Is she ready to put her bad relationships behind her and give love another chance? Brought together by their friends wedding turned elopement, the three find their mutual desire growing. Acting upon their desire and attraction is going to do more than heat things up. Can two hunks, one lady, plus nights of passionate lovemaking create a lifelong future together? 

[Mnage and More: Erotic Mnage a Trois Romance, M/F/M, light consensual BDSM, sex toys, HEA] 
~bookstrand.com/tinas-treasures~ 

~~~ 

Hot for Torrey 

Torrey Neadson wants more than physical intimacyshe wants love, connection, and the white picket fence. Torrey blew the chance at having it all with Holt Addison, once. Until he can connect with her on an emotional level, she'll make do taking care of herself. 

Holt doesnt want any more one-night stands. Being friends with benefits with Torrey became more and introduced him to a deeper relationship. The problem is Torrey moved on before he could tell her. Holt thought he could move on, too. Can they overcome their unsettled past to become the real thing? 

Their respective friends want them back together, but Torrey and Holt have unresolved issues, and lingering feelings keep getting in the way. What starts out as botched setup date rapidly turns into days and nights full of surprises. 

[Siren Classic: Erotic Contemporary Romance, HEA] 
~bookstrand.com/hot-for-torrey~ 


~~~ 

Jet Lag Blues 

Who better to get snowed in with than your friends? That's what Val Swarter thinks until she finds herself sharing a king-size bed with her boyfriend, Darryl Swanson, and his best friend, Mason Cox. Val has desired both Mason and Darryl for some time, and she knows the two men have shared threesomes before. 

None of them want to jeopardize their friendship, but when desire turns into a frank discussion of their true feelings, can these three figure out how to make the leap from a burning hot threesome to a lifelong triad of love? 

[PolyAmour: Erotic Contemporary Multiple Partner Romance, M/F/M] 
~bookstrand.com/jet-lag-blues~ 

~~~ 

Red Hot 

It isnt the flames or smoke that worry Fire Chief Brent Stephens. What worries him the most is the heat his libido keeps throwing off every time he gets near Bunny Kater. 

Bunnys sworn off firemen, and intimacynever mind that shes worn out a vibrator or two along the waythat is, until she meets Brent. Turning forty, coupled with Brents presence, awakens her isolated emotions in ways she isnt expecting. And hes younger than she is. 

Brent is unsure of his growing interest in Bunny. If his overly zealous male ego calms down, he might be able to understand why Bunny affects him like she does. It would help if he could find his lust control switch and turn it down a few degrees, too. Second chances happen once chance at a time, but Brent isnt even sure theyre going to get a first one. 

[Siren Classic: Erotic Contemporary Romance, May-December, sex toys] 
~bookstrand.com/red-hot~ 


~~~~~~ 


ShapeShifter Seductions Authors 

Turning Into Your Wildest Desire 

~http://shapeshifterseductions.blogspot.com~ 

### 

