
Angels in Play
Eileen Lynch

Copyright 2014 Eileen Lynch 
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever including Internet usage, without written permission of the author.

Contents
Prologue
PART ONE
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
PART TWO
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
PART THREE
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two

Prologue
On the seventh day God rested, or so everyone thought. He had planned to sleep late on Sunday, but was too jazzed up to rest. After wandering restlessly in the heavenly firmament, He sat down to play piano, attempting Monks version of Sweet and Lovely. He had to admit He could not make the notes sound the way they did in His head. He finally gave up and listened to a CD. Monk coaxed music out of trees and telephone poles, in a style nobody could explain, even his Creator. Sometimes it sounded like he was hitting the keys sideways. God gave up on figuring out how he did what he did and loved the music. Like many artists, Thelonius had given Him more than He ever expected. 
God approached the observation deck to watch the world going about its Sunday business. The faithful worshipped in their own way, from the shouting and singing of the Baptists, to the beautiful silence of meditating monks. God smiled on families picnicking in Chapultepec Park and solitary strollers in Central Park. He loved them all, no matter how they celebrated life. Even when they forgot their purpose, everyone on earth reflected Him. Big or small, loud or soft, cheerful or depressive, every last person was necessary to His creation. 
Day of rest or not, God went to the prayer horn and listened to what His people were asking for today. The loudest were the people who knew they were right about everything. They called themselves Palestinians and Israelis, Northern Irish and Republicans, Shiites and Sunnis, Republicans and Democrats. He wished they would stop praying to Him for validation and spend more time at the negotiation table. St. Francis had said on His behalf, Love one another constantly. Could His wishes be any clearer?
A small persistent prayer rose up from Grace Larkin, a grandmother who had her share of burdens. He had a special love for her because she never asked for anything for herself. Today she prayed for her grandson to find a path in life. On Christmas Eve she had sneaked out after dinner to put a plate of cookies in Tylers car and found a stack of beer cans in the back seat. Please, dear God, help him find his way. He is so loving and congenial. You made him in the image of my father. Do not let him hurt himself or anyone else.
God hated wanton excess and all of its consequences. He thought of the way most babies were made, after a walk in the moonlight and a shared bottle of hooch. Next world around, He would change it to an exchange of candy kisses and a letter of intent.
He had created Tyler Larkin out of the same patch of blue summer sky as Great-Grampa TJ and made them both tall, strong and friendly.
Please, God, Grace continued, take the Irish out of him if you must, and give him a thirst for something other than beer. There was a long silence and the sound of Grace clearing her throat. Its so easy to forget what its like to be young. You remember my youthful transgressions even if theres no one left alive who does. The lightness of the first glass and the pure happiness of the second. She sighed as dishes rattled in the background. The promises made and forgotten and then the words exchanged that cant be erased. You know I wasnt perfect. Why could I stop and Stephen not? The sound of a glass shattering interrupted her prayer and jolted her back into the present. Sorry, a glass slipped out of my soapy hands. Its just that I love Tyler so much. He has my fathers grace and kindness. I want him to be able to give that to the world.
God was weary of the young and their need to obliterate their senses when they were in the best shape of their lives. George Bernard Shaw hit it on the head when he said, Youth is wasted on the young. Had He made a mistake when He granted everyone free will? Perhaps free will should only be available to the middle-aged, who were older and wiser and too tired to transgress. He added free will under how babies are made on the spreadsheet devoted to Next World Around.
Grace closed her prayer with an exhortation He watch over Tyler and the rest of her family. Thank you for listening. I hope youre listening, God. He laughed ruefully. Some of His regulars, like Grace, would remark now and then, God, it seems like you do not hear me, or God, are you there? He ignored the prayers He knew He would not grant. Sometimes He literally was not there when He slipped away to a spot only He knew in the mountains of northern New Mexico. In the clear blue warmth of the skies and the smell of pinon pines, He was able to relax and recharge. Maybe it was time to plan a vacation.
God sat down in His orange beanbag chair to remember the genesis of the Larkin clan. First He created the movers and the shakers, the warriors and the peaceniks, the gardeners and the orthodontists. Then He realized what the world needed was a witty slant on life that was quick and kind. A sense of humor that would point out the divine absurdity of life with a pinprick instead of a dagger. As He always did when He created a new family, God put down His pen and mixed some finger paint. He created whorls of hilarity with orange paint and sketched in a laughing mouth in yellow. Putting the finishing touches on His work, He titled it, Funny.
After hanging Funny on the drawing board, He chose the name Larkin for the new family. He modulated the orange finger paint with a bit of blue and coupled the color with a short saxophone riff. Then He went to the new angels playbooks and sketched in many trials and tribulations. God, as many suspected, imprinted those troubles with His thumb on the forehead of His darling creations when they left the dark waters of the womb for life on the outside. Though the Larkins would have free will, their comedy would surface more from trouble than sunny days and cotton candy skies. 
God was well pleased with the modern Larkins, who had been in existence for a little over a hundred years. Friends and coworkers appreciated Larkin humor, seeking it out when times were tough. Still, none of the individuals had been able to bring their humor to the rest of the world. One Larkin did comical sketches for the high school variety show. Others were funny at the dinner table, making their holidays a comedy roast while other families celebrated dysfunction. The ancestor Jeremiah Larkin wrote humorous books he was unable to publish. 
After considering all the options, God decided the best way to answer Grace Larkins prayer, while fulfilling His own agenda, was to put a new angel in play. God hoisted himself from the beanbag and returned to the piano. He noodled around until He found a phrase He hadnt played in a long time. It was from a Strauss waltz and would give the baby grace and good cheer like his father and his great-great-grandfather. Other men in the family liked rock and roll and they liked it loud. His new creation would be a throwback of sorts to a congenial sweetness. As He thought, His thumb slid off the keyboard, ending the lilting waltz with a slant-wise thwack. God paired the strange musical phrase with a beautiful purple from the 5:00 pm autumn sky and named that new life Niklas. 
Because His new policies were not in place, the baby was the result of a moonlight walk and some man-made intoxicants. Nine months later God heard exhortations from the prayer horn, great-grandmother and great-grandson both saying the same thing. God almighty, this isnt what I had in mind, this isnt what I meant.

PART ONE

Chapter One
Grace Larkin was just coming in from the garage when she heard the phone ring. The caller ID said it was Joe, her youngest son. She put her purse down and answered.
Mother? How are you? Were on our way to Rockford to watch Tyler in the sectionals.
Tell him I said good luck. I wish I could be there. Joe thought she was too frail at 80 to climb the bleachers. She wanted to remind him how she had attended all of her grandchildrens activities and her childrens before that for fifty years. For the sake of family harmony, she didnt dare tell him she felt left out. 
Theres something else, her son said. Im not sure how to ease into this, so Im just going to say it.
Something in his tone made her sit down in her late husbands favorite chair.
Tyler and a girl named Melanie Totson had a baby. His name is Niklas and were going to meet Melanies parents on our way to the game.
Nicholas like St. Nicholas?
No, its N-I-K-L-A-S. The youngsters spell more creatively.
Grace shot up from the chair and went to the kitchen. She found a pen and wrote down Melanie Totson and Niklas. I dont know what to say, Grace said. The last time she had seen her grandson, he was playing on the college soccer team on a brilliant fall day. His team lost the game and he had sunk to the ground with his arms over his head. His sorrow had seemed disproportionate to losing a soccer game. Now she understood that with another generation running hard behind him, Tyler grieved for the sudden loss of his childhood.
Mother? Are you still there?
Yes.
Im exiting the tollway now. I have to go.
Grace held the phone as she walked around the kitchen, feeling like she had been punched. Liberal as her politics were, she couldnt push away the thought that this had never happened in her family. Her grandson was still in college, hardly an adult. He simply wasnt ready for the responsibility. He spent his youth being chauffeured to various playing fields where his every accomplishment was applauded by friends and relatives. 
She had prayed to God to illuminate a path for Tyler. This was not what she had in mind. A terrible thought struck her. Was this baby a result of a miscommunication between the Supreme Being and herself?
She talked to herself while she put the groceries away. Had she failed in raising her son that he would call her while flying down the freeway? Etiquette, or at least common sense, dictated a face-to-face meeting to deliver such news. Had she skimped on teaching him the niceties of life by going back to work when he was still in grade school?
As she sat down to lunch, she looked at her wedding picture on the china cabinet. She was twenty-one on her wedding day, the same age her grandson was now. Her babies followed quickly, obscuring the memory of her parents concerns about her marriage. She looked out the window. A sparrow squeezed into the bird house to bring lunch to the baby birds. She raised a cup of tea to her lips with a steady hand. Life would go on in the way it saw fit. 
###
Mamas long dark hair tickled his nose. She changed his outfit from a onesie to pants and a warm jacket. Hows my baby, she crooned, combing the patch of blond hairs on top of his head. He could tell she was the prettiest Mama. Men turned to look at her when she took him to the mall.
Niklas deduced he was going somewhere. He was wearing outside clothes. Mama placed him in his car seat instead of the crib. He would have preferred to lounge in his crib, yet from his earliest hours he understood he was a traveling baby. 
Mama lived with Gramma Liz and Grampa Dan in a house filled with a lot of coming and going. When he was alone with Grampa Dan, they watched people arguing on TV and took turns napping. Mama had to work and go to school. She was always bending over his forehead to kiss him goodbye or hello. Some quiet days she didnt go out or even get dressed. Grampa Dan stood in front of her bedroom with a glass of water and a little pill. When she didnt answer, he left them in front of the door and walked away.
Niklas dozed off gazing at the soccer ball tied to his car seat. When he awoke, he was in the back seat of Ts car. Niklas thought of Father as T. Thats what his friends called him. T talked to him in a pleasant, joking tone when they drove long distances together. 
You look good today, Nik. Is that a new outfit Mama bought you? Why dont we take in dinner and a show?
Nik kicked his car seat to show his approval.
Did Grampa take you to the park?
Actually, he and Grampa sat in front of the TV all day. They watched a blonde lady and two men talking. Grampa ate snacks out of bags which he crumpled and threw at the screen when he didnt like what the people were saying. He called them talking heads.
Niklas didnt understand what the talking heads were saying about politics and the economy. He was too busy lamenting his fate. He had to admit he was furious when he arrived on Earth. God had promised him a rich family on the North Shore and a path from childhood that would lead to the Ivy League and a privileged life. Instead, he had been expedited to the Larkins. He spent his first months being shuttled between homes. Tyler carried him in his car seat as casually as he carried a gym bag. Everybody said Tyler had the best smile. Nik loved being with him while wondering if he really knew what to do.
During his first days on Earth, Niklas tried to get a hold of God on the prayer horn to request a transfer to the Highland Park home of his dreams. No one answered no matter what time of day he tried. He cried and cried, hoping to storm the heavens with sheer noise. Mother checked to see if he were hungry or tired or gassy. He was just forlorn. After a while, he stopped because he was making Mama cry.
Niklas got used to being on the move. His mother worked in fashion so his outfit was appropriate to the event he was attending. She dressed him in sports jerseys for every day and in a baby tux when Mama and T took him to a wedding. People he knew, and those whose scents he didnt recognize, picked him up and stuck their kind faces in his. From what he gathered, they were trying to figure out who he looked like. Mamas pretty friends begged to feed him and danced him around the room. Fathers friends at school made lots of jokes he couldnt understand. The boys called him sport and buddy and pal. In private they were not as tough as they looked on the playing field. Sometimes they asked T when he was getting married. Niklas listened hard, not hearing T say much beyond, Dont know yet or Well see. He became something of a mascot at Fathers soccer games, being the youngest fan.
When he closed his eyes, he could still picture himself where he was supposed to be, on track to become a rich businessman and retire at 45 to a life of racing sports cars and exotic vacations. When he opened his eyes, he realized he was growing to love Mama and T and all the grampas and grammas. At six months, Niklas gave up on prayer and settled into his new life. After all, it could be worse.
The car stopped and T handed Niklas to other grampa. T kissed him on the forehead and said, Cheer for me today, sport.
In the bleachers at the side Niklas sat in his car seat between Grampa Joe and Gramma Sandy. No one had to tell Niklas that T was a good soccer player. Other grandpa bent over him and whispered numbers he called stats in his ear. T was fast, arriving where the ball would be seconds before it got there. 
The crowd cheered as T jumped in the air, looking one way to throw off the opposing team while kicking the ball in the opposite direction. Alejandro scored off Ts assist and they ran the length of the field to celebrate. On a day like today, with the sun streaming through the oak trees blowing gently in the distance, Niklas thought T could run forever. He hoped he wouldnt.
###
By the time Niklas was four, he was spending two afternoons a week with Great Grammie while his mother went to class. They sat on the couch, Niklas drinking orange juice from his sippy cup while Grace drank tea. Framed family pictures on the cherry wood table presided over the tea party. Grace placed her cup on a matching saucer. Who do you think you look like?
Niklas got up and looked at the pictures one at a time, touching each relative on the forehead. 
You have the small nose of your father and the sweet smile of your mother, Grace said. 
I look like me, Niklas said. He grabbed the picture of Graces late husband, Stephen. I look like him, too. Niklas thrust the picture toward Grace.
Yes, I can see a certain twinkle in the eyes.
I like him, Niklas said.
Grace nodded. He would have liked you very much.
Niklas cradled the picture in his arms. He does like me, he insisted, thinking of their meeting just before God sent him down to earth. Great Grampa Stephen told Nik he would remember his time in Heaven until he reached the age of reason on his 7th birthday. He would tell Grace later, when he could talk better. For now, all he was supposed to do was make her laugh.
Grace settled him in a little rocking chair in front of the piano. She touched his button nose. Oh, Niklas. Some people say I always forgave the man who could make me laugh. Maybe youll be funny, like my Stephen. The funniest man I ever knew.
How was he funny? Nik asked. 
Stephen wasnt the type to get up in front of a crowd and tell jokes. His humor was more subtle. Its hard to explain. The humor lingered around him or where he had just been. Sometimes youd leave the house and be halfway down the block before you realized he had just gotten you.
Nik jerked his thumb to his lips in a gesture hed seen T and his friends make just before they opened a beer.
Grace shook her head. Listen, Nik, the alcohol doesnt make you funny. You dont understand now. Just keep it in the back of your brain for when you step out on the stage and everybody loves you and wants to buy you a drink.
Niklas got up and did a little dance, hoping it was funny. 
Grace laughed. Are you ready to play name that relative?
Niklas nodded and chortled. Grace moved to the piano to play their favorite game. As she picked out the notes of a song, Niklas pointed to the picture of the relatives theme song. She picked an easy one first, Take Me Out to the Ball game. Niklas pointed to Great-Great- Grampa, who spent his youth at Comiskey Park and his retirement watching the White Sox on TV. 
Niklas pretended to swing a bat. The song came to an end. Play another one.
The next song was loud and rowdy. Nik laughed as Grace sang the words, 
Tombstone head and a graveyard mind,
Just 22 and I don't mind dying.
Rode around town with a rattlesnake whip,
Come on baby, don't give me no lip.
Dont give me no lip? What lip? Whose song is that?
Your Grampa Joe.
I dont believe it, Nik said.
He was a wild one, even though you wouldnt believe it to look at him now. He used to drive around playing his music so loud it made the windows shake. One January during the middle of a big storm, he pushed his car out of three feet of snow so he could go to a party. I begged him to play the music at home. Joe was so determined to see his friends, he willed his car out of the snow. The engine made a terrible noise. I prayed all night until I heard the car door slam around 2:30 am. Believe me, Niklas, I celebrated all of Joes birthdays until he got married and settled down.
You dont know someone unless you know their song, Nik said, picturing Grampa Joe pushing his car into the street with his bare hands.
Grace picked out the notes of Night and Day by Cole Porter. Niklas pointed to Stephen Larkin, Graces husband. As she played, a single tear trembled on her cheek. He went to her and stroked her arm. 
Grace stopped playing. Im all right, Niklas. Looking at Stephens younger picture reminds me of listening to jazz in smoky downtown clubs. You see, I grew up sheltered in all-girls Catholic schools. At home I heard only church music and popular songs. Stephen knew his way around Chicago. He made my world bigger. 
Hes nice, Niklas said, using the present tense, hoping she would understand they had met before. He couldnt tell her Stephen was waiting for her and watching over her. From her face, he could tell Grace was young again, listening to Ramsey Lewis at the London House with Stephen.
Everybody liked him. When I look at his picture, I feel like hes still with me.
He is, Niklas said. 
Grace got up from the piano bench and looked at the pictures again. You havent met Beth yet, your great aunt. She calls my pictures icon worship. 
Whats a great aunt? Niklas asked.
Beth would be if we could get her to leave her farm in New Mexico.
Whats Beth like?
Grace said, Like a smile hidden in a sigh. Grace played the Italian song, Funicul, Funicul, singing, Joy is everywhere, Funicul, Funicul.
Niklas spun around the living room, adding his own moves to dances he had seen on TV. He used his legs to propel him through the happy parts and his arms to draw the sad notes close. The music rode on a sunbeam from the oldest springtime, to meet the pure joy of the approaching moment.
When Grace stopped playing, Nik descended to the floor, crossing his arms and folding his legs in the lotus position.
Do you like Beths music?
Nik considered. Its just like I remember, happy and sad. I like Beth. Nik didnt know the difference between past and present tense yet, so he couldnt tell Grammie he already knew Beth. The night before he left Heaven, Niklas awoke past midnight to a strange sound somewhere between words and music. Curious, he sneaked to the viewing room. No one was there, not even God. 
It was Valentines night. All over the world, half-eaten boxes of chocolates and cards dripping red hearts were strewn around now dark rooms. Nik looked down to earth and saw a woman with curly dark hair writing in a diary. Somehow, words on a page turned into words heard out loud as she wrote, Please send me someone to love, Send me someone, Send me. The womans sighs reached him on high flying clouds. Nik felt his first pang of empathy, like love jumping on a trampoline.
Later, as he waited in line for his turn to take the tube, he knew he would make this woman laugh, as soon as he learned to talk. When his turn came, he waved at God with a backward smile, listened for the whistle, and entered the tube.
Grammie was watching him and waiting for him to speak. Does she like me? 
Grace smiled. Beth will be absolutely crazy about you. She will probably write a special poem in your honor.
Ten minutes later there was a knock on the door. Niklas ran to answer it yelling, Beth, Beth. It was his mother coming to pick him up. Melanie gave him a big hug and gathered him back into her world.

Chapter Two
Sometimes God thought His people confused Him with Santa Claus, a genial being who monitored their every move. Their prayers revealed a belief that He maintained an elaborate list of gifts and favors He would grant if they were naughty or nice. He wished they would remember Him as the Supreme Creator, or more informally, the Artist-in-Chief.
Today, He was designing a new country where children could grow up in peace. It would be located it in an out of the way spot, perhaps near the Galapagos Islands. As he sketched, He listened to the prayer horn. A jazzy melange of romance languages and guttural German praised Him for the early spring they thought He had sent. He chuckled ruefully, knowing the warm temperatures came from unchecked emissions which would bring an unbearably hot summer. 
A John Lennon song, had inspired His vision of a peaceful place unhampered by politics. He moved the project to the back burner when Lennon was shot. God had been disconsolate, watching fans gather at the Dakota for a candlelight vigil. 
The new epidemic of shootings sent him back to the drawing board. Adding farmland and cities, He painted a swirl of brilliance in a color scheme not seen before. This beautiful place would be a geographical time-out, where the drum beat of hate would not lure His children to take up the gun. Peace would beget peace, generations taking over stewardship of His abundant creation. It was a nascent idea He had been working on for millenniums. Standing back, He surveyed his work with satisfaction. As a final touch, He matched the pulsing colors of the landscape with a note in the key of C major. There would be nothing minor or haunting about the new land. Like every artist, He loved the process of creation. Taking the idea from dream state to nation state was the challenge.
A familiar voice caught His attention. It was Grace Larkin wanting to knowing His plans for her grandson, Tyler, and his young son, Niklas.
God, its me, Grace. I want to start by thanking you for bringing Niklas into my old age, a new person to love and who loves me, too. I just want to make sure someone will look after him when I go to my great reward. Everyone is too busy to tell me what Tyler and Melanie have planned. No one has time for you when you get old. She paused and a sadness lived in the silence. ASorry to be so demanding, God. I need one more favor. Could you send Beth home to me? I want to hold my daughter before I die.
###
God tucked Graces prayer into His painting smock. He closed His eyes to receive the vibrations Niklas parents were sending out that May day. He detected bright strands of love, impatience, excitement and lust. What He couldnt tell was if their feelings were directed at each other. It was spring in the northern hemisphere and half the planet was sending out the same vibes. Melanie and Tyler stood close as they exchanged Niklas. God turned away when Tyler leaned in for a kiss. Even though He was the omniscient one, God believed some things were private.
Niklas was a very cute baby, which helped him in his precarious position poised between the families of unmarried parents. Grace had her wishes for the boy. God planned to introduce a new world order through humor. The soft-eyed boy was going to grow into an ambassador of loving through laughing. Jon Stewart was directing the mission now, making people laugh at lifes absurdity. He would need reinforcements in the new generation, especially when it started to get hot.
Gods scheme for the new Israel rested with Isidor Plotkin, a future diplomat living in Highland Park, on Chicagos North Shore. Gods plan was that Isidor and Niklas would meet one day and the result of their friendship would be a brilliant solution to the worlds problems.
God cleaned up His art supplies and returned to the prayer horn. In spite of His faith in His people, He was anxious all the time, hoping not to hear of new outbreaks of violence and hatred. As the ultimate good listener, He was constantly amazed how people misquoted Him in support of their causes. If He could take to the pulpit, He would remind people that He was not a politician or a nationalist or a lawyer. His bailiwick was love, or maybe He should say, Love with a capital L. 
He remembered a brief moment in the 60's when He thought mankind was starting to get it. Musicians were His ambassadors then. Songs like All You Need is Love, dominated the radio waves and ascended to Heaven on a pure vibration that had nothing to do with romance and breaking hearts. Everyone wrote songs, formed bands and played music in their garages until the neighbors begged for mercy. He remembered the music of love ascending into Heaven pure as birdsong until Vietnam and the assassinations shot the songs in the heart. His messengers, the musicians, confused the wonderful high of the love vibration with a seesaw of drug-induced frenzy and torpor. As their Creator, His heart took a hit when the holy guitars silenced themselves by suicide of a sort. Didnt they understand existence was the ultimate high?
God shook himself and walked up and down the observation deck. Thinking too much about the history of the world could depress even the Supreme Being.
As Grace Larkin napped on the couch, He fed her a soothing dream of two babies, one light and one dark, exploding into laughter as they stood on top of the world. Grace Larkin awoke refreshed and confident. She was one of the few who could distinguish between a crazy dream and a true sign from God.
God crafted a deep rose sunset by adding a blue note to the red tint. He couldnt resist the blue note, putting some B.B. King on the box as the color drained from the sky.
###
By the time Niklas was six and Grace was eighty-five, they were the best of friends. Grace thanked God she was glad she was healthy enough to watch him. Niklas had lost his baby fat and gained in coordination by playing soccer with T. The preschool teacher commented Niks vocabulary was more sophisticated than that of most kids his age. She told the teacher it was because the boy spent so much time with older people, who talked to him and taught him how to figure out hard words from context.
Grace, on the other hand, was losing a bit of her former quickness. She complained her old lady shoes made her walk like a sailor, doubting the firmness of dry land. She was also gaining a depth to her gaze. Nik asked her if she was looking at two worlds at the same time.
Grace talked to Niklas as a person with endless possibilities, listening to everything she had to say. When he was with her, she had nothing to do but pay attention to him. 
Tyler had a lot on his mind with work and school and taking care of him. When people asked him how he was, he said, Im chasing the dream. Nik pictured Tylers head weighed down with the books he was studying. Sometimes he dreamed of his father chasing a train which was two stations ahead. Even T, as fast as he was, couldnt catch it.
Grammie and Nik liked to sit on the couch eating Fannie May candies and watching the birds at the feeder. Nik loved how they fell from the feeder and then caught themselves right before they hit the ground in a display of kinetic grace. Those birds arent falling, theyre flying! he said with the joy of discovery. Grace told him their names and imitated their signature calls. Nik thought the robins trilling in the yard sang for him. 
After serving milk and cookies, she asked, Is everything all right? You look a little tired. Would you like to take a nap? Sometimes they closed their eyes while sitting on the couch and napped together.
Nik stood up and paced in front of the gallery of pictures, stopping in front of his father. He looked at his face as if he could speak to him. Can you tell me a story about T? Where is he going? He had heard Mama tell Grace that T was going away with his friends to Las Vegas. She was afraid he wouldnt come back.
No one can predict the future, Nik. I dont want you to worry. The Larkin men love to wander, yet they do come home. Did I ever tell you about my grandfather? He was an engineer on the railroad over a hundred years ago. He traveled west through the mountains and the plains. His favorite time was when he drove the train through the continental divide. 
Why did he like it so much? Nik asked.
When he was your fathers age, Grandpa took the train to Colorado with his friend Waldo. They saw snow-capped mountains alive with wildflowers. The mix of sun and clouds created many different lights. In the morning the mountains were blue. They were a deep rose at night. What we wouldnt have known, except for Waldo telling the story, was how scared they were by signs that said, Caution: Falling Rocks. They sat by the window, scared the boulders poised on the mountainside were going to become dislodged by the motion of the train and smash them. Even so, Grandpa came back to Chicago and signed with the railroad. For 20 happy years he drove his train west out of Chicago. He saw bighorn sheep grazing in a meadow and snow in July. 
What happened to Waldo? Did he go too?
Grace laughed. No, Waldo liked to stay close to home. He opened a barbershop in the old neighborhood. Grandpa dropped by for a haircut and a shave when he was in town. She fingered the filigree bird pendant on her neck. Grandpa brought me this silver necklace from Cripple Creek in Colorado. 
Grace moved to the piano and played Ive Been Working on the Railroad and Therell Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight.
Niklas clapped his hands and danced around the room. Grace left the piano and joined him in a happy rhythm. Finally, they collapsed on the couch and turned on the TV. A newscaster was giving the weekend highlights. Now, all you kids make sure not to miss Puppetropolis. Puppets will be singing and dancing and putting on skits up and down Michigan Avenue all weekend.
Nik grabbed Graces hand. Can we go to Puppetropolis?
I dont know, Grace said. Wed have to take the train. It would be a very long day.
He squeezed her hand. We have to go to Puppetropolis.
Ill ask your mother.
Good, he said, and sang, Ive Been Working on the Railroad.
###
The next morning Nik sat close to Grace on the Chicago and Northwestern as they traveled from the suburbs to the downtown station. He looked out the window most of the way, lost in Graces story about his great-great-grandfather. When he didnt see mountains and plains in the urban landscape, he made them up. In his growing imagination, fed by Graces stories and his wonder at the world, Niklas was the engineer, bringing the train safely into the station.
In the cab he craned his neck to see all of the buildings piled on top of each other like multi-colored Legos. Their first stop was north Michigan Avenue, where a puppet show was taking place in the Wrigley Building courtyard. Families gathered around the stage to watch Goldilocks and the three bears, a story he knew quite well. After it was over they walked south over the bridge, joining streams of kids and their families. Gramma? Those creatures were not puppets. They were people dressed up as puppets.
Gramma laughed. You are quite observant! Do you want to get a hot dog at Millennium Park?
Nik spotted the Bean, which hed seen on TV, and ran toward it. He looked at himself from different angles, getting small and stretching out again.
Grace bought them hotdogs, sodas and chips, which they enjoyed in the Pritzker Pavilion. It was an open air auditorium framed by coils of curled steel. Puppets performed on stage as families ate lunch. The little children ran to the front to get a closer look.
Nik happily stuffed potato chips in his mouth as he watched a Punch and Judy play. You know what, Gramma? This is the best day of my life.
Mine too, dear. Are you ready to see another puppet show? They crossed Michigan Avenue to find the next site on their map. Coming out of the Hilton Hotel were a stream of young people with signs. 
Grace maneuvered Nik to the entryway of a storefront to get out of the commotion. A young man with a sign joined them in the alcove. Who are you? Nik asked.
The boy had blue hair, a gold earring and a bird tattoo on his arm. Im the future. 
Your name is Future?
No, its Todd. Im here today to make sure you grow up in a world where theres something left for you.
What does that say? Nik pointed at the blue-haired boys sign.
SAPPY. The Society to Advance the Perpetual Progress of Youth. You should join.
Grace put herself between Nik and the boy. Ive read about your organization in the newspaper. You want everyone over 55 to retire.
A girl with cascading curly red hair in a short skirt and pink tights walked by chanting, Surrender the future. Make way for the young.
Grace continued, From what I understand, the goal of your organization is to eliminate older workers before they have a chance to retire, making way for cheap young labor with no pre-existing conditions.
Nik noticed a man with a microphone and a cameraman watching Grace as she spoke.
The future is a scary place considering our current economy. Have you thought about how are we going to solve these problems if we pit one generation against another? Whatever happened to, were all in this together?
The smart-suited young man stepped next to Grace. Do you mind if we use your quote on the local news tonight?
I suppose not, Grace said. In an involuntary gesture, she patted her hair to make sure the wind hadnt tousled it.
A curious crowd gathered around Nik, Grace, the blue-haired boy and the broadcaster.
The girl with pink legs stopped chanting and stuck her head in front of the camera. You had yours. Now we want ours.
Nik squared his small body and asked her, Dont you have a grandmother to make cookies for you? Doesnt your grandfather take you to the circus?
The girl stepped back, a guilty look on her face. She waved tentatively toward the camera. Hi Grammie Dudek, its Rachel. Love you. Then she dissolved in tears. I feel so guilty.
Grace touched her shoulder. Your name is Rachel Dudek?
The teary-eyed girl nodded.
Follow me. We need to get Niklas out of this crowd.
Holding hands, Grace, Niklas and Rachel walked north on Michigan Avenue, threading their way through the crowd to the Washington Street entrance of the Cultural Center. Once they were inside, Rachel and Niklas followed Grace down a corridor filled with photographs and art. 
Nik was in awe of the curved staircases and the colored glass in the walls. Is this a palace? 
Grace smiled. Yes, its the peoples palace, full of music and art and culture. It was cool inside the former library. As they approached the Randolph Street side, they heard happy jazz notes from a horn hitting the ceiling.
Good, Grace said, Frank Catalano is playing. You are in for a treat. She found three folding chairs together in the middle of the room. The room was packed with seniors, downtown workers, and tourists. People were even sitting on the pink marble stairs lined by ornate bronze balusters.
On a simple stage at the front of the room, Frank Catalano was playing saxophone. Nik got more excited as the song streamed faster and louder until he almost couldnt stand it. He didnt want to be a baby and start crying, yet tears of excitement leaked from his eyes. At the end, Grace asked him how he liked it.
When he plays so fast, it feels like the top of my head is coming off. I like it.
The audience jumped to their feet, their clapping hands filling the room with a sound so loud, Nik could hardly breathe. What are they doing?
Its called a standing ovation when you stand up and clap, Rachel said, her hand resting on Niks head.
Some clapped as they left the room. A bike messenger hit his chest and threw two fingers in the air, signaling peace out.
Where is everyone going? Niklas asked.
Some people have to go back to work. Others have to catch a train. In the city everyone is constantly on the move, Rachel said.
I like it, Nik said.
You like everything, Rachel said. I hope you always do. 
Grace smiled. Would you like to get something to eat at one of my favorite spots?
Nik and Rachel nodded. Grace took them to the Walnut Room on the 7th floor of Macys on State Street for an early dinner. They stepped out of the elevator into a kinder and gentler time. The room was wrapped in dark wood and brightened by chandeliers. The lunch crowd had long since left. A small wait staff murmured to a handful of diners in the elegant hush of deep afternoon.
Grace whispered to the maitre d and they were soon seated at a table in the middle of the room. The fountain bloomed with fresh daffodils and irises.
This is where they put the Christmas tree in December, Rachel said. My parents bring me here every year.
Youre lucky, Niklas said.
We can come here if you like, Grace said.
Can we bring Beth?
Who is Beth? Rachel asked.
My daughter, Grace said. She lives out west and grows fruit in her orchards. Niklas hasnt had a chance to meet her yet.
Lets give her a call, Nik said. 
I dont have a phone, Grace said.
Rachel took hers out of her pocket. You can use mine.
Their food arrived, a pot pie for Grace, Fields Special Salad for Rachel, and a cheeseburger for Niklas. Grace was relieved they wouldnt have to call Beth from a public place. She preferred the old distinction between public and private. The small phones the young ones carried made embarrassing discussions available for everyone to hear. Time magazine had informed her privacy was a thing of the past, yet she didnt think shed ever get used to it.
Well call her later, Grace said.
At the end of the meal, the waitress appeared with plates of Frango Mint Chocolate Ice Cream Pie.
Rachel cooed contentedly as she folded her napkin on the table. You seniors do some cool things! 
Grace laughed. Did you think we stay home knitting tea cozies and making birdhouses? We had a life before your parents came along. We had our favorite music and we liked to go out dancing.
Rachel said, I didnt know it was that kind of music, Grace. Today I found out I dont know a lot of things.
Grace put her fork down and pushed the plate with a couple more bites of pie toward Rachel. Dont feel bad. Admitting ignorance is the first step toward wisdom.

Chapter Three
When they got home, Graces answering machine was flashing with multiple messages. She took out a piece of paper and a pen and wrote them down, surprised to hear the voices of friends she hadnt seen in years. Where had they been? If Niklas hadnt come along to sweeten her afternoons, she might have died of loneliness. Not that she would ever tell anyone. In public and on the phone, she was cheery and upbeat, relaying topical stories. She had been a history major, after all, and never lost her interest in the activities of mankind.
Grace had lost interest in being alone. Like many women of her generation, she married young and raised her children barely grown up herself. When the children were self-sufficient, she went back to work as a paralegal. Toward the end of her work life, she and Stephen decided to move to New Mexico when they retired. As they reviewed plans with the builder for their home in Albuquerque, Stephen lost weight and his healthy color. His doctor couldnt find a reason for it, and gave him vitamin supplements. Finally, Stephen consulted a specialist who scheduled surgery a week before Christmas. Grace and her grown children, Beth and Joe, waited for the good news so they could get on with their holiday celebration. At 9:00 pm, the Larkins were called to the family waiting room. The surgeon was waiting for them, still in his scrubs. Im sorry to tell you the news is not good. The cancer was situated high in the colon and has spread to the liver. Mr. Larkin is not going to make it out of the hospital.
Grace sat in shock as Beth cried like her heart was being ripped from her chest. Joe remained calm for all of them. Stephen held on for a week. He died on Christmas Day with a rabbi saying his final blessings. The priests were busy with Christmas services. Stephen would have loved the irony if he had been there to see it.
Grace kept herself busy as everyone advised. Her family was amazed at how well she held up. The loneliness gradually seeped into her once cheery spirit. She didnt know how to hold up both sides of a conversation. 
One January day, the clock seemed to stop ticking between 2:00 pm and 4:00 pm. Grace became filled with the notion she had lived past her time. What good was a healthy old age without her husband by her side? Grace turned on the gas stove and put her head inside, ready to succumb. As she was saying her last prayer, the phone rang. Coming from a generation who always answered the phone, she jerked up and hit her head as she made her way to the ringing instrument. A telemarketer for the Sierra Club saved her life, not that she was grateful. In addition to being lonely, she had a headache.
The next day, after a sleepless night when her prayers went unacknowledged, she turned on the gas again. Her back twinged with pain when she leaned over to put her head in the oven. She backed out, admitting to herself she would not commit suicide. She believed in life, even if it didnt merit her optimism. She opened the back door to release the gas smell and wrapped herself in a blanket. Her son, Joe, stopped by unexpectedly, finding her huddled on the couch, her hair blowing in the March winds. 
Mother? His voice rose in a tone mixing curiosity with exasperation. The tone had slipped into his conversation after she reached 80. She had the feeling he was just waiting for her to do something wacky, which irked and amused her. Today had been a good day, showing the city she loved to the youngest Larkin. Grace hit the message button on the answering machine.
Mother? We saw you on the news. Are you all right? Is Niklas all right? His wife, Sandy, was talking in the background. You know, you should really get a cell phone so I can get in touch with you. 
Yes, dear.
Were going out for dinner. Talk later.
Niks mother had met them at the train station. She inspected Nik and was relieved to find him in one piece and bubbling with new stories.
Im sorry, Melanie, if you were worried, Grace said.
Dont worry, Grace. The slim, raven-haired beauty balanced the toddler on her hip. Im proud of you for speaking your mind. 
Im glad someone is. The rest of the family is upset.
Melanie put her arm around Grace. Im not the rest of the family. Then she turned to her son. Niklas got to be part of history today, didnt you, little boy?
Like I told Grammie, it was the best day of my life, Nik said.
Grace smiled. Her great-grandsons remarks were often wise behind his years. She knew he sometimes quoted sayings he heard on TV. Yet, some of his insights were original, from the special brew of nature and nurture that formed Niklas Larkin. 
Grace smiled as she listened to the other messages. One was from AARP and the last from the Chicago Tribune. They both promised to call her tomorrow. Grace did a little dance in front of the kitchen sink. Finally, her phone would ring with something other than telemarketers.
###
God checked in on Grace Larkin. He hadnt been ignoring her prayers; it was just that He had no remedy for the passage of time and old age. Grace was watching herself on the news, laughing and clapping her hands. Then she turned off the TV and got in bed with a book about the Arab uprising. As she read, a voice in the back of her mind lamented that peace in the Middle East would not come in her time. She wondered if it would come in Niklas time, and if he would play a part in a new peace movement. She said her nightly prayers aloud. Dear God, I pray for a largeness of spirit for young and old. We are all in this together!
God walked away from the viewing screen when Grace turned out her light and said her prayers in the dark. He knew she missed her husband, Stephen, and was waiting to join him. He couldnt let her go just yet. He needed her on earth to build a bridge between the generations. Of course, the idea of out-with-the-old, in-with-the-new, had been around as long as the world itself. Technology had added another layer to the argument. Technical proficiency was equated with knowledge. Humans who were the best at manipulating computers were looked up to as the wise ones. On one hand, computers enabled people to do brilliant work, God mused. On the other hand, they spread enough celebrity gossip to choke a horse. How soon His people had forgotten the wisdom of Marshall McLuhan, the medium is the message. The sage was now the one with the most worn thumbs. 
It was too late to create a new angel to represent Him at the upcoming rally. He would have to put existing angels in play. God spent the afternoon in deep concentration. He played the Franck sonata in A major on the piano. The music inspired a feeling of deep love for humanity. Just before it was time to create the sunset, He sketched a new play where groups of opposing angels would meet on a battleground, and turn it into a playing field.
God had a special feeling for the old. In current society they were thought to be an obstacle to be swept aside to make way for a brand new day. Their wisdom was not sought and their company not valued. He knew what it was like to be around for a long time. Instead of old, He liked to think of himself as timeless.
### 
Beth sat in the kitchen of her adobe home hot and bothered even though the swamp cooler was adding moisture to the dry air and bringing the temperature down a couple of degrees. She twirled her long hair into a spiral and positioned it behind her head. It was early June yet it felt hotter than July in Corrales, New Mexico. She had been trying to write a poem all morning. The ding of the chat feature on Yahoo Messenger distracted her from producing her best work. Erik Larsen, her online squeeze, was trying to make contact. Let him wait, she fumed. Erik had been ignoring her requests to chat for over a week. She went outside to do water the sunflowers, hoping to gain some control over her feelings for the man who had stolen her heart while raiding her bank account.
Beth lived in an old adobe home in Corrales, a rural village along the Rio Grande. She and her ex-husband, Rick, had moved to the outskirts of Albuquerque years ago. As college students in the 70's, they joined an agrarian commune whose leader preached returning to the land. Growing up growing up in the suburbs of Chicago, they did not know the land. Beth thought it would be romantic to grow their own food. Breaking their parents hearts, Beth and Rick dropped out of college and moved to New Mexico. They worked in a peach orchard until they saved up the money to buy it from the elderly owners. 
In the evening, Beth rested and watched the sunset, different every night. Rick stayed inside studying for an insurance brokers license. As he spent less time with her, she wondered if all marriages became boring. She finally mustered the nerve to ask if he still loved her. After an uncomfortable silence, Rick admitted he was getting the license so he could make a big change. Moving to New Mexico had been a youthful impulse. He told Beth that working the land was her dream, not his. She remembered it differently but let him speak. Once he lived there he couldnt stand how laid back it was. The old house was shabby and the neighbors were hippie potheads. He wanted the nice things money could buy. As soon as he passed the exam, Rick moved to Dallas to join an insurance agency owned by a college pal. Last she heard, Rick was living with his second wife in a big house.
Beth had to put her grief on hold because she was so busy tending the apricot, peach and apple trees. Every day brought its own challenges, from worm damage to irrigation pipes leaking. The joy of biting into a succulent peach compensated for the daily struggles. She liked her life, getting lost in the rhythm of the seasons. As there wasnt enough money to hire someone to take care of the trees, she didnt travel. She hadnt been home to see her family in years. She didnt really want to go home because she thought they were still mad at her for dropping out of college. 
Her brother Joe, in particular, made her feel like she had failed her early promise. In high school and early college, her science grades had been spectacular. She had her pick of schools and scholarship opportunities. The family dreamed of her doing something important. They blamed Rick for taking her away to be a hippie to New Mexico, a place that some of her parents friends thought was another country. Beth tried to explain it was not Ricks fault. They just grew differently. She was the one who craved the mountains and the sky. 
Lately Grace had been sending pictures of Niklas, Tylers baby. Beth wanted to meet her new relative. She couldnt afford a plane ticket, much less the repairs she needed to do. The adobe house was in need of mudding before next winter. Still, Graces messages had become more urgent, practically pleading. Beth wondered if Mother were trying to tell her something.
A ding and then another interrupted her guilty thoughts. Beth opened the laptop on the kitchen table to find a blinking happy face and the words, R U there? Beth hoped Erik would say he was finally on his way to meet her. In his messages, he said he needed her. The lure of someone needing her was too strong to resist.
Im here, she typed and hit the reply button.
How R U, sweetie?
The chat went back and forth, every reply announced with a ding like a ping pong ball hitting the paddle.
Did u sleep all right, honey?
Fine.
What did u eat 4 lunch?
When r u coming to see me? Beth asked, hoping not to sound desperate.
I told you, I cant leave until my machine is fixed. Help me, honey?
Several months ago, Erik sent her a message on Facebook, telling her how pretty she was.
Beth knew he was flattering her. She told herself there was no fool like an old fool and continued to check for his messages. Then he asked her to chat with him. Weekly chats turned into daily chats, then several times a day. Erik said he worked on an oil rig in the North Sea. On his Facebook page were pictures of himself in an orange work jumpsuit.
I sent you money a week ago, Beth wrote. Wasnt that enough?
Just a little more and then I can come to you. We can be married.
Beth pictured herself in a long, floating dress from her favorite shop in Taos. She would weave fresh flowers through a crown of braids.
The computer was dinging again. R U there, honey? R U there?
Im here.
Sweetie, please. Dont make us wait any longer. Dont you believe in us?
How much do you need? The temperature must have gone up as they chatted. The sweat on her bare legs stuck to the plastic seat cover on the kitchen chair.
Erik was silent a long time. Beth opened another window to look at his picture on Facebook. His green eyes sparkled above a confident grin. He was 40 to her 55. When she protested that she was too old for him, Erik replied age was only a number.
Send me $1200 and I will be with you next week.
I gave you $800 last week. What are you doing with the money?
I told you before. Its a very expensive machine, honey.
Cant the company give you a loan?
I showed you my contract. 
When he finished this job, Erik promised he would be a rich man. The contract he had e-mailed to her showed he would earn $12 million for his current assignment. Beth was skeptical, yet her desire to believe was stronger.
Double dings signaled his impatience. The faster you send it, the faster I can be on a plane. I cant wait to hold you in my arms.
OK. Ill see what I can do. 
Beth drove to the Super Walmart in town in her old pick-up truck. She put a tape in the deck and sang along to Bonnie and Delaney. Ive got a never-ending love for you and from now on, thats all were gonna do. Buoyed by the music, she barely felt the scorch of heat as her feet touched the black-topped pavement. She hurried inside Walmart to the service desk and wired the money to Erik, crossing her fingers and betting on love.
On the way home, she stopped for gas at Circle K. It was 2:00 pm and the inferno of a New Mexico summer afternoon spread like misery. It was the time of day Beth most hated to be alone. Morning was full of chores and in the dark of night she could read and write. In the afternoon no breeze blew and the heat limited her energy. Beth didnt hear Arturo Cervantes come up behind her as she watched the numbers fly around the pump.
You look mahvelous, he said, imitating Billy Crystal imitating Fernando Lamas.
Hey, Arturo. What are you doing?
A whole lot of nothing in this heat. Do you want to get some lunch at Garcias?
Not today. I have to go home and plan a wedding.
Whose?
Mine silly.
Arturo hesitated. Whos the lucky guy?
His name is Erik. Hes Norwegian. We met online. We just hit it off like we knew each other forever. Beth gazed at the shadows drawing long on the mountains while she spoke.
Arturo repositioned himself in front of the pump so Beth would have to look at him. You mean you never met this Erik in person?
Beth replaced the hose into the pump and spun the gas cap shut. As she put her credit card back in her wallet, the Western Union receipt fell to the ground. 
Arturo picked it up for her. Youre not giving him money, are you? He might be a scammer.
The doubts playing at the edges of her mind ever since she started talking to Erik moved front and center. Beth spoke more emphatically than she felt. Things have changed. People find true love online every day.
Arturo put his arm around her shoulder. Sure they do. Send me an invitation to the wedding. He sidled toward his car, still looking at her. If it doesnt work out, give me a call.
Spirits sinking, Beth turned the radio to classic rock. The Beatles sang, All you need is love and she still believed it. Wasnt that why Erik Larsen came along? If love could come through the radio, why couldnt it sneak through cyberspace and arrive full blown on her computer screen? 
Although she treated him as a friend, Arturo seemed willing to play a more significant role in her life. They met in a Friday night yoga-for-singles class. He was a kind man who made her laugh. Her classmates said she should snatch him up before someone else did. Sometimes they lingered outside the restaurant where the yoga students gathered after class. A couple of times they had gone off to eat by themselves. Arturo didnt press her for more, which was comforting yet not very exciting. Beth was quiet, she liked aggressive men who made the first move.
The truck bounced on the rutted road leading to the orchards, pounding the truth into her ever-busy brain. She had been the perfect target for a confident scammer like Erik. He built her trust with daily e-mails which did not ask for too much too soon. Erik, or whatever his real name was, had picked her hopes and dreams like low-hanging fruit. He was an online alchemist, taking loneliness out of the ether and spinning it into his own personal gold. 
When she got home, Beth checked to see if the funds had left her account. The money was gone. There were no messages from Erik. She tried to get him on chat. He didnt answer. She picked up the phone and then put it down again, realizing she didnt have his phone number. Her spirits sank as she realized she had no other way to get in touch with him.
Her head fell to the table and rested on her arms as the tears began. Was Arturo right? Had she given her money to a scammer? How could a man who wrote such tender e-mails not mean what he said? She raised her head and opened her laptop. She had saved all of his notes in a file named Erik. Dearest Beth, you can marry the man who is best for you. Im hoping it is going to be me! Here was another one, six weeks into their relationship when she was starting to fall for him. I have lots of love to give. Are you the right person to deserve my love? It might be you cause I find myself checking my e-mail all the time to see if you wrote me. Thats why I had to reply to your letter.
The telephone startled her like a slap on the back. Her heart leaped against all common sense, hoping it was Erik. The caller ID showed Grace Larkin. Beth let it go to the machine, thinking she didnt have the strength to talk to Mother. Graces melodious voice sounded as if she were in the room. Pick up, Beth, please pick up. I have to tell you a wonderful story.
Hungry for good news, Beth picked up the phone. Mother was still talking. Beth, you wont believe it. Im on the front page of the Tribune today!
Beth pulled up the front page of the Chicago Tribune. Sure enough, there was a picture of Mother with a little boy and a girl in pink tights.
Who is the boy? Despite her sadness, she felt the boy was looking right at her.
Thats Niklas, Tylers son.
He has an intelligent expression, like hes lit from inside.
Beth, you have to come home and meet him. Hes such a unique little person. The reason Im calling is I seem to have started a new peace movement. We need you to come home and share your expertise. You were the leader of Students for a Sensical Society.
I know, mother. That was a long time ago. At the time you and dad werent so thrilled.
The world needs me. Look, Im already getting support from different quarters. We need to break the stalemate that is keeping this country stuck. Niklas and I just happened to wander into a demonstration in front of the Hilton Hotel. The Trib heard me speaking and asked if they could put my comments in the paper. AARP is doing a cover story called Were In This Together.
Mother, you didnt invent that phrase.
Of course not, dear. I just said it out loud when it needed saying.
Beth laughed. Youre right and Im very proud of you.
Now all we need is for you to come home and write the speeches for our next gathering.
I cant.
Hire someone to take care of the orchards while youre gone.
I cant afford the ticket. Mom, Ive lost all my money.
The line went silent. How did that happen? You are a good money manager.
I fell in love with a man who promised to marry me. He said he just needed to pay a few bills first, so I sent him money. It turned out to be an Internet scam.
Oh, Beth. I cant believe youd be so naive.
Why is it preposterous to think someone could love me?
You are lovable. You just have to use common sense to live in this world. Remember what Grandma said? 
Keep an eye on your purse.
A childs voice in the background repeated, Is she coming? Is she coming? Tell her Im not taking no for an answer.
Whos that?
Its Niklas. Hes very excited to meet you.
She heard high, joyful shouts of Beth, Beth, in the background.
Grace said, Humor me, dear. Its time you meet Niklas, for his good and for mine. Ill send you a ticket and enough money to hire someone to take care of the orchards.
I dont know when I can pay you back.
Dont worry about it. Family comes first.
Let me think about it. Ill let you know in a couple of days.
Before Grace could object, Beth hung up.
Beth stared at the picture in the Trib. Niklas was very cute, sporting the small Larkin nose and a firm chin. He had a sweetness in his gaze which she couldnt identify. She tried to think of the latest time she saw her nephew, Tyler. She dug out an old family album hidden in the linen closet. She found a picture of Tyler at eight years old, a nice boy she had taken out for night walks with flashlights and mosquito repellent. It took her breath away to think he was a father. As a toddler, Tyler won bike races in the garage, never falling down when the other kids wiped out. She understood he showed the same mixture of balance and grace on the soccer field.
Next to the picture of Tyler was a poem she had written after his first baseball game. Come batwind, Spring songs, Soggy, life-renewing ground, Soak my soul, Warm water. The Larkin smile she remembered in her nephew Tyler was alive in his young son. 
As the sun lowered in the sky, Beth took a walk in the orchards. It was the time of day when she felt the presence of God. She could almost see Him painting the Sandia mountains in their signature watermelon color. Sunset lasted a long time in the mountains of New Mexico, unlike the over-and-out of Illionois skies. 
The sounds of tires on gravel interrupted her reverie. Arturo jumped out of his turquoise Tacoma and walked toward her. Hey girl. Ive got some business in Taos tomorrow. I could use some company if you want to drive up with me.
Beth knew Arturo was inviting her along because he was concerned about her. It wasnt his way to come out and say so. 
Sure, Beth said. Ive got some thinking to do.
Maybe you dont need to think so much. Just listen to the Taos hum. 

Chapter Four
God walked out to the observation deck to assess what was happening in the United States. When He was rushed, He would get a screen shot from the Nightly News with Brian Williams. Tonight He needed to go deeper. Unlike humans, who had to rely on technology to keep their screens alive, He could see all the way to earth 24/7, come rain or come shine. Fires burned in Colorado, Utah, New Mexico and Arizona, causing lamentable damage. 
A different kind of fire burned in urban centers. Gang shootings took lives in Oakland, East St. Louis and Detroit. In Pittsburgh, mothers squabbling over parking in a pre-school lot exchanged shots. Due to a law permitting concealed weapons in national parks, a tourist in the Grand Canyon had opened fire when he found out there were no burros available to descend the canyon. He shot two burros out from under the people who he believed had cut in front of him in line. The bullets injured a park ranger who tried to stop him and killed the two burros. Last came the story of a Chicago office worker done for the day, shot on a busy Loop sidewalk in a case of mistaken identity. He died as fellow commuters rushed past him to catch their trains.
God wanted to weep at the senseless killing and maiming, the empty places at the dinner table, the constant conversation of family life curtailed. Instead of giving in to sorrow, He went to the baby staging area. A nurse in white headdress greeted him. Good evening, Father. How may I be of service?
We need more comedians and we need them now.
Do you want me to change due dates and destinations?
Whatever it takes. Lets get it done tonight.
In a rush of amiable activity, coaches with whistles around their necks assembled teams for the industrialized nations first, then Haiti, Afghanistan, Iran, Sudan and North Korea. Some countries received multiple comedians and others received one, in proportion to their populations.
God put His hand on the forehead of each baby lined up at the delivery slides. Bring love through laughter to this humorless world. 
Usually He played piano when He sent His new creations to the waiting world. Tonight, He picked up a mallet and played a large, brass gong. coaxed a quiet, spooky sound from the large disc. As the babies were given a gentle push, He picked up another mallet and hit the gong with two mallets at a time. The resulting thunderous clap was mesmerizing and frightening, reverberating as the babies were propelled to earth by pure sound.
###
Arturo concluded his business late in the day and insisted on treating Beth to dinner at Taosenos, the restaurant where the locals ate. They ate chips with pico de gallo and drank beer while waiting for their enchiladas.
Stop looking so worried, Arturo said.
I have to fly back to Chicago. Im getting some vibrations from my mother. Maybe she wont be around too long.
Arturo put his hand over hers. Listen, chica, planes fly to Chicago every day. Give yourself a couple of days to get over what happened with the Norwegian. Were on Taos time.
He signaled for another beer.
Are you planning on driving home tonight? 
Id rather not. Its not like Chicago, where they have a street lamp on every corner. My cousin has a cabin in the ski valley. We could stay there tonight and drive back in the morning.
Your cousin wouldnt mind us showing up?
Hes in Albuquerque. Come on, lets go. A night under the stars will soothe your soul before you have to deal with the hassle of the big city.
OK. I didnt finish my thinking yet, she joked.
Did anyone ever tell you, you think too much?
Off season, the approach to the ski valley yielded quiet miles of pine trees and shuttered ski chalets. Beth nursed her heartbreak in the passengers seat of Arturos truck, relieved he wasnt making her talk. She was glad he had taken her away from her computer and her kitchen table, the scene of the crime. Now that she had accepted that Erik was only after what was in her wallet, she didnt know if her heart or her pride hurt more. 
Arturo pulled into the driveway of the chalet. Here we are. Jaimes place is on the third level, so get ready to climb some stairs. 
Beth followed him up the stairs, trying not to huff and puff. As they reached the top deck, she saw that it was almost sunset.
Arturo put their bags in separate rooms and opened the windows. Join me outside when youre ready.
Beth washed her face in the bathroom sink. Looking at her wrinkly, wet face in the mirror brought on the tears. It was not the face a young man like Erik would love. She cried until the tears were all gone, then washed her face again.
The sun was well into its descent over Taos mountain when Beth joined Arturo on the deck.
Are you OK, girl?
Yes, Im fine.
Arturos phone rang. He went inside to take the call. Beth stayed outside, anxious thoughts somersaulting in her mind. She took several deep breaths and focused on her surroundings. 
Taos mountain was wreathed in a mellow gold crown of shimmering light. Staring at the rock faces, Beth could see faces, then bodies, and finally generations standing atop each others shoulders. It gave her deep comfort to be part of the chain of life, not responsible for the whole show. Hollow fear was calmed by an audible hum that connected her to her loved ones. As deep rose dissolved into pink, she saw her loved ones as patches of color in the sky. Staring into the infinite sky, Beth could almost see the approach to Heaven.
Arturo joined her on the deck, offering a blanket decorated with wild horses. I thought we could watch the sky tonight, like a couple of old Indians.
Sounds like fun, Beth said. Maybe well hear the Taos hum.
Arturo laughed. You know how Taos is called the city different? Some people think they made up the Taos hum to get more tourists. 
I heard its the result of mysterious projects at Los Alamos labs.
Sure, thats one theory. The new-agers, who make up the majority of the people up here, say its a harmonic convergence portending the end of the world. 
Beth turned serious. Did anyone ever prove where the hum comes from?
You anglos want to pin everything down like bugs in a collection. We dont say why, why, why. We just live with it. Why dont you write a poem about it?
As the sky grew dark, Beth became aware of insects singing and nocturnal creatures running through the undergrowth. 
Look up to the right of the pines and youll see Orion, Arturo said.
What did he do? Beth asked. I leave it to you to remember these things for me.
Its OK, Arturo said, AIm glad to be of service. The Tewa Indians saw Orion as Long Sash, the leader who took them on a journey so long they doubted they could make it. As they became tired, they began to fight among themselves. The place of decision where they stopped is represented by two bright stars we know as Castor and Pollux. They are the twins in the constellation Gemini. Can you see them?
Yes, Beth said. The sky is so beautiful, especially when I have you to explain it to me.
Arturo continued. Once the Tewas rested themselves, they felt better and acted better and were able to complete the journey. 
Beth grew drowsy listening to Arturos low and calming voice. She fell asleep with the Indian blanket pulled around her. Some time later, she awoke to throbbing kettle drums. She had been dreaming she was a girl again, at the symphony with Grace. Waking up, she realized it was thunder. The noise surrounded them like bowling alley lanes coming from every direction. No, the sound reminded her more of the peal from the worlds largest gong. Her brain threw off simile after simile until she stopped and just experienced the approaching storm with every molecule of her being. Poetry could not to capture every moment. Even the immovable mountain was always changing.
Arturo awoke and took her hand.
This is going to be the biggest storm, Beth worried.
Are you sure its a storm?
Ive never heard thunder like this.
Arturo smiled. Maybe its not thunder. You notice theres no rain.
What is it then, boulders falling?
I dont think so. Maybe its just God rearranging the furniture. 
###
Grammie leaned down and whispered into his ear, We have to be quiet so no one notices were here. Nik gave her a wink like he had seen a boy do on TV. He held her hand as they climbed the curving staircase flanked by potted plants as big as trees. At the top, a lion spit water into a penny-filled pool.
Grammie threw a couple of coins in the pool for luck. 
Nik looked at the cloud-painted ceiling. What place is this? 
Its the grand ballroom. 
A staff person wearing a badge with the name Erin approached. This session is standing room only. Please move to the left rear corner. Grammie nodded at the young woman and led Nik to the back of the room. A table was set up with brochures and a water station. Grammie stuck a brochure in her handbag. She handed Nik a sip of water in an upside-down triangle cup.
At the front of the room, a boy with spiky blond hair was warming up the crowd. Giant screens appeared on both sides of the stage, showing a young man sitting between his parents on the couch.
Spiky, as Niklas thought of him, asked the crowd, Do you like living with your parents?
The crowd laughed and roared, No.
Spiky paced on the stage, Do you like paying student loans on an education you cant use?
Again, the answer came like a thunder clap, No!
Nik was transfixed by how Spiky commanded the stage. He wore chinos, a green polo shirt and a bracelet that glowed in the dark. 
Grammie looked at her watch. She whispered, Its time to go. We have to man the booth across the street.
Nik liked how Grammie explained things to him. He sometimes saw other kids being yelled by their parents. Grammie gave him time to look at the hotel lobby before joining the crowd outside.
Once they left the hotel, Nik said, Grammie, I want to do that.
Go on stage and make people laugh? You have to have a good message if you want people to listen to you. 
Nik nodded. I really could use a bracelet like that guy was wearing. They crossed Michigan Avenue at the light and entered Grant Park. Throughout the park, a group of gray-haired grandparents had set up comfort stations. One booth had plates of sugar cookies and a corner set up with Chinese checkers. Next to it was a booth with oatmeal cookies and a chess board. 
Grace greeted a white-haired man with intense blue eyes. 
Hello, Robert. Its nice to see you.
Hello, Grace. Who is your escort today?
This is Niklas Larkin, my great-grandson, and I do mean great.
The man laughed and offered Nik a cup of lemonade.
Thank you, Nik said. Its much nicer out here. The people inside were pretty mad.
Grace winked at her friend. Nik doesnt miss much.
Young people from the meeting across the street poured into the park on the same wave of energy Nik had felt inside the ballroom. As a group of five big kids approached the booth, Nik hid behind Grace, afraid they were still mad.
What are you selling? a young man asked Robert.
Everythings free today, the lemonade, the cookies and the conversation.
Thats cool, the boy tall enough to play basketball said, helping himself to an oatmeal cookie. A smile passed over his face as he took a bite. Homemade?
Robert smiled. You know it. How about a game of checkers?
The young man looked at his friends to see if they would think him uncool. Several were accepting lemonade from Grace and sampling the cookies.
As they played, Robert asked them questions about the meeting at the Hilton. So youre having trouble finding jobs? What do you all do?
Lawyer.
MBA.
Teacher.
Engineer.
Accountant. 
Robert spoke quietly to each of the young people at the booth, handing out cookies and refilling lemonade glasses. 
Nik didnt understand all the words they were using such as economics, recession and great depression. He could hear the tone change from hard to soft. Grammie talked to a young woman who was having trouble with her boyfriend. Nik heard her say, When I used to have that problem with my husband I would, then leaned over and whispered something to the young woman, who was nodding and blushing. 
At the chess booth, another grandpa played chess with a young man. Nick was glad to see the old man win. As they played, they talked about beef sandwiches. Sure, Portillos is good, the old man said. I wonder if you ever tried Johnnies in Elmwood Park? Be sure to ask for the hot peppers.
Just when Nik was starting to feel happy again, he detected the crowd changing mood, like a dark cloud passing over a picnic. The voices approaching from Michigan Avenue werent friendly like the boys standing in front of the booth. Nik poked his head out from under the skirt of the booth and saw Spiky entering Grant Park with an entourage. They were chanting again, You had yours, give us ours.
Nik lowered the skirt and hid behind Roberts legs. Spiky was in front of the booth now.
Listen, old fart, do you think you can buy us off with lemonade and cookies? Look at the world you gave us! The chanting started up again.
Nik cried silently out of fear. He could hear Robert pleading for good manners and the right to disagree.
Nik knew he had to do something. He had seen a movie where people started fighting with words and ended with fists. He slapped the tears from the corners of his eyes and pulled on Roberts shirt. Robert bent down to talk to him. Put me on your shoulders, Nik insisted.
Robert shook his head. 
The chanting got louder. A big kid picked up the oatmeal cookies and started throwing them.
Nik pulled his shirt again. Robert, please, I know what Im doing.
Grammie said, Its all right.
Nik climbed on Roberts shoulders with some help from Grace. Robert stood up to reveal a strange totem of a young face on an old mans body.
Nik towered over Spiky and his gang. Everybody listen up. You say you fight for kids. Im the youngest kid here.
Spiky sputtered, Im your friend. 
We know who you are. The crowd quieted to listen to the little boy. You are a meanie.
Spiky puffed up his chest. These others wont tell you whats going to happen when you grow up. Im the only one who will tell you the truth.
Nik raised his fist. All you are is mean. If youre mean to Grammie and her friends, youre mean to me.
A crowd formed around the booth. People were taking pictures with their camera phones. A news truck arrived on the scene.
From his vantage point atop Roberts shoulders, Nik chanted, No more meanies, no more meanies. The crowd joined him, even some of Spikys gang.
Spiky paused to look at the scene and then started laughing. He leaned toward Niklas with arms outstretched, palms up in surrender. You win, kid. What can I do for you?
Nik placed his hand on Spikys head for a moment and then said, You can say youre sorry. Then you can give me that bracelet.

Chapter Five
Beth reached Grant Park just in time to catch the scene between Spiky and Nik. She had walked a mile from the Amtrak station and was now sweaty and out of breath. After living so long in New Mexico, she had forgotten how the city could knock you over with waves of noise coming from taxis honking, street people exhorting and the el moving overhead. Her head swiveled as she hurried to avoid turning cars, barreling bicyclists, and sailing skate boarders. What really scared her were the ferocious pedestrians armored with bags and briefcases. Beth attempted a friendly smile, which would have been reciprocated at home. The city dwellers seemed not to see her as they moved to the static coming from their headphones.
The first thing she saw when she entered Grant Park was an old man with a little boy on his shoulders facing a crowd of onlookers. Beth recognized Niklas Larkin, her great-nephew, from the pictures Mother had sent. She looked for Mother and finally located her standing inside a booth under a banner that said Pastries for Peace.
Beths breath came sharply when she realized Mother was now an old woman. All her life, Mother had looked at least ten years younger than her real age, due to good genes and a healthy lifestyle. Her hair had given up its dark brilliance and was now white. She seemed smaller overall and slightly stooped. In a guilty rush of adrenaline, Beth considered turning around and leaving before Mother saw her. She didnt know if she could handle the reunion.
Before she could move, Niklas spied her and yelled, Beth! He scrambled down from Roberts shoulders and ran toward her yelling, Beth, Beth! 
You must be Niklas, she said, as she returned his hug with a quick embrace. There was a a glimpse of Tyler in the little boy combined with a spark all his own. 
Ive been waiting for you. He spoke as if he were continuing a conversation they had been having for some time. Grammies over there. 
Beth took his small, outstretched hand, amazed by the strong presence coming from a small boy. They walked to the booth where Grace stood with a big smile on her face. Up close, Mother seemed even smaller, almost bird-like.
As she was hugging Mother, she heard a familiar voice behind her. Here you are, Mother, Beth, Niklas. It was her brother, Joe, jiggling car keys in his hand. 
What are you doing here? he said to Beth.
I could ask you the same. 
Niklas danced in front of Grampa Joe. Did you see me talk to Spiky?
Joe picked him up. I heard about it on the radio. Are you ready to go home?
I thought we could all have dinner together, Grace said. My treat. Robert tapped her on the shoulder and she turned to talk to him.
Joe whispered to Beth. While you were playing Kumbaya, there was a shooting on lower Wacker, just blocks away. Did you know that? I need to protect this child.
Beth said, Look, Joe, I just got here. You know Mother would never do anything to hurt Niklas.
Shes getting old, Beth. Im not sure about her judgment. Luckily, I was downtown for a meeting when I heard the news. Im driving the two-seater so you and Mom will have to take the train. Ill pick you up at the station and we can have dinner.
Mother said goodbye to Robert and returned to the conversation. Did Joe and Niklas take off?
She looked so disappointed, Beth came up with a plan. Lets go to the Art Institute. You used to take me there all the time when I was a kid. Albuquerque doesnt have anything like it.
First they visited their old friends, Monet, Manet and Renoir, in the Impressionist gallery. They stopped in front of rainy Parisian streets and haystacks captured in the changing light of the seasons. Grace then led her downstairs to look at American artists. Beth stopped in front of Blakelocks Vision of Life. In the silence of the gallery, Beth could practically hear the fall of feet hitting earth as Indians danced. When she was a girl, Mother told how Indians performed the ghost dance as their way of life vanished. With a tap on her shoulder, Mother beckoned her to the Summit of the Sierras, by Thomas Moran. Together they contemplated the vast expanse of towering mountains and endless skies.
Grace whispered even though they were the only ones in the gallery. Do you remember the first time we came here?
Beth pressed a button in her memory and saw herself in a smocked plaid dress, touring the museum with Grace. They looked at every picture in every gallery until their legs ached from walking on the hard marble floors. Resting at the bus stop, they had to stifle a laugh when they realized the woman sitting next to them looked exactly like the wicked witch from the Wizard of Oz.
The wicked witch, Beth whispered and they laughed again.
A guard came by to tell them the museum was closing. They stopped outside on the museum steps to catch their bearings. Beth took a picture of Grace next to one of the lions. 
Let me see the picture, Grace said. I cant have bad ones of me floating around.
Beth showed it to her, remembering how Mother, attractive and a little vain, removed unflattering pictures of herself from the family album. I was afraid the lion would dwarf you. You held your own.
Grace winked. As the cowardly lion said, courage is the secret to a long life. Lets walk to the train. 
Arent you afraid of getting shot? Beth said, remembering how mad Joe had been about them exposing the boy to danger.
This was my city long before the punks came along. Lets go.
They walked up Madison Street, Grace taking Beths arm to navigate the curbs. The Loop had emptied out, giving them the gift of their own private city. They saw some late commuters hurrying toward the station, knots of servicemen on the town and giggling girls entering a theater.
Grace insisted they stop in St. Peters Church to say a prayer. Beth held the heavy gold door and then followed her into the cool darkness. Grace went off to light a candle, while Beth genuflected and lowered a kneeler in a pew in front of the altar.
She did not know what to pray for and didnt think God would hear her as she hadnt set foot in a church in eons. Lately, her only communications with God came at 3:00 am when she woke up worrying about the future.
Grace lowered herself on the hard kneeler, making the sign of the cross. Beth admired Mothers faith and her lively discussions with God. Grace did not agree with all Church doctrine. She conducted rebuttals of the sermon as they drove home from Mass. In the late sixties, Grace officially left the Catholic church. She explained she would talk to God directly. The Churchs position on birth control bothered her and thats what she told friends who asked why she had left. What she didnt admit was that she missed the Latin mass and wasnt comfortable with lay people strumming guitars on the altar. She hated shaking hands with parishioners who would cut her off in the rush to get out of the parking lot after Mass.
Beth looked at Grace, who was studying the statues of Jesus, Mary and Joseph on the altar. Following Mothers gaze, she saw a look of compassion in Jesus eyes, as if he had been crying before they came into the church. Beth turned to say something to Mother. Grace was not in the pew. She waved at her from the church entrance. Beth wanted to ask about her abrupt departure, but didnt want to invade her privacy.
As they walked the remaining blocks to the train, Grace leaned on Beth. She talked about Niklas love of music. I play a special song for everyone in the family so he can get to know his Larkin heritage. 
What do you play for me?
The piece you played at your last piano recital, the Franck sonata in A major. Nik said it was happy and sad.
Beth wanted to get to know the boy. She stopped Grace from walking in front of a taxi, as she continued talking about Niklas. I dont know if hell take to books the way you did. He loves words and he knows how to use them. His sense of humor reminds me of your dad, wry and wild at the same time. You will love him.
Beth was touched he had been thinking of her. Youre exposing him to culture like when you took me to the symphony, the ballet and the Art Institute. Did you ever think you were the one who influenced me to go to New Mexico by showing me paintings of the west? Guilt visited Beth again as she realized that instead of appreciating Mothers love, she had tried to shake off the little sparrow on her arm.
At the station, they found out they were early for the train. Grace bought newspapers to read while they sat in the waiting room. A family was gathered around a young man in uniform, having an impromptu party with cake, candles and balloons. 
Isnt that nice? Beth said.
Grace looked past Beth and said, I dont want a fuss. Beth shivered with the unhappy intuition that Mother was talking about her funeral. Mother only lit candles in church when she had something important on her mind.
Mom, I know Ive been away a long time. Maybe I dont have a right to ask. I would like to know whats important to you and how I can help. What can I do?
Grace narrowed her bright blue eyes as she spoke. I want to know my children, my grandchildren and my great-grandchildren will stay friends. Do you understand?
I think so. What do you want specifically?
Grace squeezed her hand surprisingly hard. You and your brother have to stop fighting.
Beth pictured fighting with Joe on the front lawn when he was in first grade and she was in middle school. Being older and heavier, she subdued him by sitting on him. She gave him a Norwegian noogie until he cried, Pain, agony, pain, agony. She rolled off him, laughing too hard to maintain control. Thats how it was with Joe. She would get mad at him and then he would make her laugh. The memory made her laugh so loudly, the celebrating family stopped and looked at her. Family, she said and shrugged. 
### 
After Joe made sure everyone had after-dinner coffee and drinks, he turned to his sister. So hows business, Beth?
Fine. Trying to change the subject, she asked where his wife was.
Sandra and Tyler are buying Niklas a big boy bed. Theyll be back soon. So, are you making money on your fruit trees? Did the drought affect your harvest?
Beth finished the last bite of apple pie and put her fork on her plate. To be honest, I may have to explore alternate income sources.
What does that mean? Joe asked.
Grace intervened. Your sisters had some unforeseen problems this year. Perhaps you can find a way to help her out.
You could move back here, Niklas said from his chair where he was busy hiding his broccoli under a baked potato skin.
Joe looked at his grandson. Maybe it is time for Beth to move back to civilization.
Beth stood up, ready to flee. I love New Mexico. Thats where my soul lives.
Listen, Beth. Can you stay for lunch tomorrow? We promised Spiky. Nik said.
Joe sat up straight like a guard dog on alert. Is Spiky the guy from the Grant Park riot?
Grace said, His name is actually Lawrence Jeevers, Jr. His father was an activist I met in the sixties while I was doing civil rights work. His son, who Nik calls Spiky, works with veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars. Grace paused and looked at her son. It wasnt a riot, Joe, just a gathering of passionate individuals.
Wasnt Larry Sr. a Weatherman? Joe persisted, clenching his fingers on top of the table. If hes the guy Im remembering, he might be dangerous.
Nik considered. Weathermen do get it wrong. I didnt know they were dangerous.
After everyone stopped laughing, Grace said, Larry Sr. may have known a Weatherman, He wasnt one himself. He believed in redemption through good works. His son seems to be following in his footsteps.
Nik left his chair next to Joe and walked over to Beth, putting his hand on her shoulder. You cant leave, Beth. Im supposed to tell you a very smart man has plans for you.
What man? Beth asked.
Nik looked at all his relatives to make sure he had their attention. The cool guy who plays jazzy piano. Beth noticed Nik shape-shifted between angelic little boy and wise old man in the space of a sentence.
Joe shook his head. Nik watches a lot of TV with his other grandparents. You get some funny ideas, dont you, pal?
You dont know how funny I am. While paying attention to Nik, Beth didnt notice Grace getting up from the table and walking toward the front door. From the front hallway she raised her voice. I hate to break up the party. It was a long day. Beth, I made up the bed in your old room.
Where will I sleep tonight? Nik asked.
You will stay here with me, Grampa Joe said. Gramma and Dad will be home soon.
Does Niklas live with you? Beth asked Joe.
He used to live with his mother and her people. Tyler said shes battling depression, so hes spending more time here.
His young life is complicated, Beth murmured to Joe.
Nik jumped from his chair and followed Grammie to the door, hugging her around her knees. Beth kissed the top of his head. If she went back to New Mexico, she would miss seeing him grow up. Beth was amazed at how fast she was falling in love with the child.

Chapter Six
Grace felt profoundly tired as the evening wore on. She wasnt in pain except for a stiff knee and a sore back. At the age of 82, the energy she relied on was dwindling like sunlight on a November afternoon. She hated to call it a night as it was the first time in years the family had been together. Even though she would not admit it to them, she loved to hear Joe and Beth talking to each other, even when they were squabbling.
At home, Grace showed Beth how to work the remote and where the snacks were. I know youll miss me. Im going to call it a night. You stay up as long as you want. I love to hear some noise in the house. Remember how your father used to watch Johnny Carson after I went to bed?
I used to think Dad was as funny as Carson.
Ill carry your suitcase upstairs and put it in your old room.
No, you wont. Youre walking so much slower these days. Are you all right, Mom? Beth asked in her worried voice.
Im fine, hon. My knee hurts sometimes at the end of the day.
Why dont you get some physical therapy? Beth persisted.
Why dont you let me get old? As your grandfather used to say, none of us makes it out alive.
Grace washed her face and brushed her teeth. 
Beth looked in to say goodnight, stopping at the ledge over the fireplace which was filled with Mothers favorite greeting cards. It looks like a Hallmark store in here, Beth exclaimed. She scanned cards for Mothers Day dating back at least 20 years, which shared space with birthday cards, Christmas cards and St. Patricks Day cards. You saved every card we gave you.
Cards say what people cant, Grace observed. Especially in this family.
Beth examined a Valentines Day card showing a little boy pulling his sisters pigtails, signed your friend, Joe. Mom, can I ask you something?
You can always ask.
Is Joe still disappointed in me for not finishing college and becoming a research scientist? Does he think Im a loser?
Grace climbed under the covers, a blue afghan made by her mother on top of other favorite blankets. You mustnt trouble the past, Beth. Your brother is your harshest critic and your biggest supporter. Thats how it is with siblings.
Beth stuck out her tongue, maybe at Joe, in the mirror. She smoothed the covers over Grace. Mom, how can I be close to my brother again?
Why dont you send him a card? Grace could hear Beth laughing as she walked down the hall to her old room. It was good to hear her daughter laugh. When had she gotten so serious? Grace remembered having to slap Beth as a child to stop her laughing jags. She longed to give her a verbal slap; tell her not to waste time being unhappy. Unlike her middle-aged daughter, Grace lived in the moment, avoiding the traps of the past.
###
Burrowed deep in the beanbag chair, God listened to Bill Evans playing Peace Piece. Was it time to take Grace into Heaven to meet her impatiently waiting husband? God knew she was ready. Meeting with Lawrence Spiky Jeevers, Jr., would be her last task. She was the link between seniors and SAPPY, the Society to Advance the Perpetual Progress of Youth. It was crucial the youngest and oldest generations come together to spread the love that would save the earth.
God didnt like to disappoint Stephen Larkin, who had deferred his dream of being a comedian to take care of his family. When Johnny Carson was in his heyday, Stephen stayed up long after the family went to bed to hear the monologue and the comedians who became famous from being on the show. His family didnt know Stephen wrote jokes which he sent to Johnny Carson and other comedians. When Jonathan Winters came to Chicago, Stephen hung around after the show to talk to him. Winters said Stephen had good material. The only way to break in was to play small clubs around the country and develop a following. Stephen knew he couldnt be a good father and be away from the family so much. He made his decision to give up comedy without telling Grace or the children.
The day he died, God promised Stephen he could open his own comedy club. Stephen wanted a room to resemble the great clubs of his youth, the London House and Mr. Kellys. The Laughter Life would be dark and intimate, yet it would seat multitudes. Opening night was scheduled for Graces arrival in Heaven. 
God hit replay and listened to Peace Piece again. More mood than music, the piano improvisation eased the daily sadness of life on earth. Evans had captured a mitigating lightness to console the worlds certain, inerasable pain.
###
Sleeping in her old room, Beth dreamed the greeting cards jumped from the ledge and surrounded Grace in her bed. They opened and closed as they sang, I love you, I love you, I love you. Beth woke in a panic before dawn, sure Mother had died. Listening at Graces door, she didnt hear any breathing coming from the stack of blankets on the bed. Beth approached Mother with a tightness in her chest. She put her hand on Mothers forehead. It felt cool, devoid of life. Her hand traveled down Mothers shoulder and still she did not move. Unable to stand it anymore, Beth shook her. 
Grace opened her eyes. What are you doing, Beth? Its the middle of the night.
Im sorry. I thought something had happened.
Grace snapped on her bedside light. Im not going to my great reward just yet. You look like a wreck. Ill give you a tip. As we get older we need plenty of beauty sleep. Go back to bed. Well have a nice breakfast in the morning.
###
Nik looked out of the back window of Grammies car as Beth drove them to a restaurant to meet Spiky. In the driveway before they left, Grampa Joe told Beth to cancel the lunch for safetys sake. Nik didnt know how lunch could be dangerous. First weathermen, now lunch. He was quite sure God wanted them to meet Spiky. Before he left Heaven, God told Nik he would be able to hear His voice until he reached the age of reason at seven years old. Since he was already six, Nik knew he had to hurry to finish Gods list for him. Todays meeting was at the top.
You are quiet back there, Nik. Do you see all the planes? Grammie asked.
They fly pretty low, dont they?
Theyre going to land at OHare.
You look nice today, Nik, in your big boy clothes. You, too, Mother. Beth made a wrong turn and said a bad word.
I dont get out that often, Grace said.
Me either, said Nik. Most days I sit around and watch TV.
Once you start playing sports, youll be plenty busy, Beth said. I hope youll join the drama club. I think you have a flair for the stage.
The closer they got to OHare, the lower the planes flew over their car. Nik ducked in the back seat. 
Spiky was waiting for them inside the dark, good-smelling restaurant. Spiky was nice to Beth and Grammie, holding their chairs and making sure they ordered the best dishes on the menu. Its on me, he said more than once. Nik checked to see what Spiky had spilled. He didnt see any food on him.
They ate big plates of spaghetti, plenty of bread, and no one cared how many refills Nik got on his orange pop. Everyone laughed and talked and shook hands as Spiky paid the bill.
In the parking lot, Grammie handed Spiky an envelope. Its a picture of your father from the sixties. As Spiky reached for the picture, he clutched his chest and fell down in front of them. At first, Nik thought Spiky was playing a joke. He saw a bright red spot widen on Spikys chest. Maybe it was like the man on TV who used a packet of ketchup to fake blood. As Nik watched and Grammie cried, the circle got bigger. He saw Beth pull out her phone and make a call. Soon they were surrounded by men in uniforms. Strong arms picked up Nik and put him in the backseat of a police car. Grammie stood outside answering the policemans questions. Nik tried to keep his eyes open. The big lunch and the excitement wore him out and he fell asleep.
Later, he woke up in his dark bedroom. He heard his parents talking in the living room. Do you know how close we came to losing Niklas today? Tyler said. Why did Grammie get mixed up with that punk? Nik jumped out of bed and ran to join them.
He climbed into his mothers lap. Listen, Dad. Grammie was making friends with Spiky so old people can be friends with young people. Grammie said the more friends you have, the more you can do in this world.
Tiffani hugged Nik and pulled his Batman robe around him. Its time for you to go to bed.
I want to stay up and watch the news. Somebody said a weatherman shot Spiky. Can you believe it? 
###
Grace could not get comfortable in bed. No matter how many blankets she piled on top of herself, she did not feel safe. Her prayers felt like dry paper in her mouth. She called out to God. He did not answer.
Spiky had died in front of them. Watching the young man die was a shock. Watching Nik take it all in made her feel powerless. How would the shooting affect his life? She would not be there to protect him, to play the piano and feed him treats. 
Grace got out of bed and went to the study with an afghan around her. Despite the mild temperatures, she could not get warm. She toggled between the Chicago Tribune and the New York Times to read about the death of Lawrence Jeevers, Jr.. Some of her contemporaries couldnt master Googling and sending e-mails. She believed in changing with the times, paying for online editions of her favorite papers. She began and ended every day reading the news of the world she loved so much.
Grace noticed Beth started the day by reading her horoscope. She prayed her daughter would open her eyes to the wide world once she was gone. Thankfully, Nik would be there to make her care. God hadnt revealed how things would work post-life. Would she be able to watch Nik grow up from Heaven, or would the veil be drawn forever? 
The Tribs lead story was titled, Bird on a Wire. Accompanying the story was a picture of Lawrence Jeevers Jr. with his father. Grace had known Lawrence Sr. in his younger days when they worked a peace rally together. Grace smiled, remembering the long-haired boys of the sixties, her favorite decade. Grace was in her thirties then. The world never seemed more alive. A tall, handsome man with long, dark hair, Larry Sr. was a civil rights activist. 
A click of the mouse took her to the next story. The alleged shooter was a twelve-year-old boy who was waiting for his father to get off work in the restaurant. As he sat in his fathers van, he grew bored and started to play with a BB gun his father kept to shoot birds. Seeing a bird alight on the telephone wire above Spikys head, he thrust the gun out of the window and took a shot. He missed the bird and shot the young man. At such close range, the bullet headed straight to the heart. Spiky died before he reached the hospital.
Graces sighs were so deep, she almost fell off the desk chair. She didnt believe in killing for any reason. Stupid violence she could not countenance. She felt compassion for the young shooter and father. Instead of looking forward to family time, they were now in grave trouble. So many lives had changed today, and for what? The world she woke up with and went to bed with was finally too much to bear. She pulled the blue afghan around her, the soft fibers comforting like the touch of her mother who knitted it. It had been an impossibly long time since she had seen her mother. The computer was wonderful except she couldnt touch what she needed on the blinking screen. 
As Grace Larkin checked her e-mail one more time, her fingers slipped from the keyboard and her eyes closed on the wide wonderful world.
###
In Heaven, God instant messaged St. Peter to take over the viewing screen and St. Luke to paint the sunrise. Then He sat down at the piano and composed a song to mark Grace Larkins passing into the heavenly realm. To the piano melody, He added violin for pathos and a flute solo to remind the world of joy. He passed the night in creation, trying to capture Graces serious concern for the world mixed with her Larkin humor. He hadnt composed for eons, content to leave the business to the many musicians He had created. Making something which didnt exist before lifted His spirits. Just before sunrise, He added Grace Notes to the music of the spheres. Shift workers driving home and lonely hearts pining at the moon heard the music play in distant orchestras. Soon a musician would grab the notes from the cosmos, write them down and Grace Notes would be heard all over the world.

Chapter Seven 
Nik dragged Beth by the hand to the music room at the back of the house. 
This used to be the mud room, Beth said.
Grammie had a separate room for mud?
Beth laughed. Grampa Joe and I took off our boots here in the winter and our gym shoes in the spring when they were muddy. I see Grammie put in new carpet and painted the walls bright white. Look at all these pictures on the piano! Everyone in the family is here.
Grammie said we all have our own song, Nik said. Why dont you play for me?
I havent played in years. Grammie was the one who could play piano.
Nik opened the piano bench and took out some sheet music. He searched for the one with a picture of a train on the front. Play this one. Grammie said you took piano lessons.
Beth placed the sheet music on the piano and picked out the notes to Ive Been Working on the Railroad.
Nik danced around the room as he did during his afternoons with Grace. When Beth stopped playing, he asked her to play Grampa Joes song.
She played a little Bo Diddley, then stopped. Nik, this reminds me of when I was young. Grampa Joe used to blast rock and roll from his car as he raced up the ribbons of the driveway.
Did he get in trouble for being loud?
She shook her head. Our parents couldnt hear him. Mom played classical music on the console upstairs while Dad played jazz downstairs. 
Nik filed the information for future use. You have to sing the words. Come on baby, dont give me no lip.
Beth played as Nik danced in a frenzy behind the piano. She tried to keep up with him. The faster she played, the more mistakes she made. Her fingers slid off the keys and she sat with her head down. 
Come on, Beth. Play your song.
Beth played a bit of the Franck sonata. 
Dont stop, Beth. Grammie said to remember the family songs. 
Sorry, dear. When I think of how much Ive forgotten, I could scream.
Nik climbed up on the bench next to hear. OK, Ill scream, too. Well see who can scream the loudest.
Beth laughed. You sure? Who goes first?
Well scream together.
They faced forward and screamed until their throats ached and their lips tightened from holding their mouths open. When they saw how funny their faces looked, they laughed until their stomachs ached and their mouths grew dry.
Beth stopped laughing first to tell Nik, Grammie used to slap me when I couldnt stop laughing. She called it a laughing jag.
Nik laughed like a madman. Slap me, Beth. I cant stop laughing.
No, Nik, I cant. I think Im going to cry now.
Seeing Beths face crumple like a used napkin, Nik stopped laughing. He slumped against her. Spiky was my friend. Its not fair.
Its not, Beth agreed.
Tears fell from Niks eyes. Why did Grammie have to leave? I cant stop missing her. 
Me, too. She put her arms around him and gave him a hug. What are we going to do without her? She took care of us.
Nik flicked the tears from his eyes with his fingers. Ill take care of you, Beth.
You are a sweet boy. Lets go get a snack.
Nik found the Oreos in the kitchen cabinet. Beth poured milk and put the cookies on Grammies dessert plates. They ate cookies and slurped milk in companionable silence, watching the birds on the feeder.
Nik wiped his mouth with a napkin as Grammie had taught. Will you stay, Beth? I promised him I would take care of you.
Who did you promise?
I dont know his name. I knew him before I came here.
To Grammies house?
Before I came to earth. A cardinal of richest red alighted on the feeder.
Do you mean in Heaven? Are you talking about God? 
Nik liked how Beth paid attention to him, like Grammie did. He never called himself God. I think he is an artist. I heard someone call him the Artist-in-Chief. 
What does He look like?
Nik rubbed his chin. I dont know. I feel him more than I see him.
Beth leaned forward. She had stopped crying. Her eyes were blue like after it rained. What does he do in Heaven?
He sends babies to earth on a slide. He paints the sunrise and he plays piano.
Beth got up to clear the table. She swept the crumbs from the table and washed the dishes. She stopped to hug Nik. You know things, dont you, dear? Things other kids dont know?
Nik sighed. I dont know how I know it. I know you dont like Valentines Day. He took a final sip of milk before handing her the glass. Dont worry, Ill be around for the next one.
Beth nodded. I think its time for a nap, for both of us.
###
God gazed out the viewing screen. Instead of ascending into Heaven, Grace Larkins spirit lingered over her old home. She was taking advantage of the 48-hour grace period between physical death and entering Heaven to spend a moment with her loved ones. He knew Grace was concerned about leaving Niklas. He saw her wrap the child in an invisible blanket of comfort.
Every family experienced grief in their own way. Those that beat their chests and wore black for a year were somehow ahead of the game as they publicly acknowledged their lives had changed. God knew the Larkins would need extra help as their inimitable humor shielded them from expressing the most basic human emotions. They did not let anyone, not even themselves, touch the soft spot in their hearts where healing lies.
Echoes of laughter wafted from The Laughter Life, as Stephen Larkin put the finishing touches on his club. Saints moving between tasks slipped into the venue to watch the comics rehearse their bits.
Exhausted by their grief, Beth lay on the couch and Niklas cried himself to sleep on the sheepskin rug in front of her. Grace hovered, dispensing consoling prayers which sent her loved ones into deep sleep. Without closing the curtains or changing into pajamas, Nik and Beth dreamed through the early morning hours, awash in the moons pulsing glow. 
In the silence of 4:00 am, God decided it was time for Grace to make her transition. Sensing the time was coming, she whispered her good-byes.
In honor of Grace and Stephen Larkins coming communion, He painted the sunrise, blending Graces rose red color and Stephens jazz blue. The result was a purple so vivid it shocked the early birds, animal and human, with a regal reach of sky. 
As the sunrise faded into the ordinary light of day, God took out His playbook to make an adjustment. Instead of having Niklas Larkin and Isidore Plotkin meet in college, God rescheduled their meeting. Even though Niks extended family held him like a safety net, he needed a dear friend. His grief was too heavy for his young heart to bear. Caring about the boy who would become his brother, friend and comrade, would teach Niklas the compassion to lift him out of his grief.
###
Nik, can you tell the puppet what youre feeling?
He frowned at the nice lady with the curly blond hair and worried eyes. It wasnt like him not to talk. He just couldnt think of anything to say since Grammie died. That was probably why Grampa Joe called the special doctor. Nik thought of her as special because she didnt wear the white coat all doctors did on TV.
I have some toys in the box by the door and a fish tank. Why dont you take a look around?
He had been wanting to do just that since he entered the office. Aunt Beth said the doctor would help him stop crying. He stopped in front of the aquarium where fish of every color were gliding and swimming. Were the two blacks ones with striped fins fighting fish? They swam away and hid behind the rocks. He opened the toy box and pulled out some Legos. While the nice lady checked some papers, Nik built a house with rooms for a mother, father and three kids. As the clock ticked, he forgot that a little boy shot Spiky by mistake and Gramma was gone.
Niklas? Are you ready to talk now?
He went back to the chair next to her desk and sat, his feet dangling. Theres one thing.
What would that be?
I dont talk to puppets. Just people.
OK, thats fair. She put the puppet behind her desk. I see you built a large house. Who lives there?
Its for a family. Dad, mom and some kids.
Do you live there?
Nik wondered if she understood. No, my mom and dad dont live together. He turned his head and concentrated on the fighting fish, who were swimming in tandem, frightening the little fish. He could feel the doctor looking at him. 
Take your time, she said.
His stomach hurt like when he drank cold water too fast. Is my mother ever going to be OK?
What did your family tell you?
Shes depressed. Whats depressed?
Its a sickness some people get. They lose interest in life. Sometimes they get sad. Sometimes they get tired.
Sometimes she gets too tired to talk.
What do you do then?
I just sit with her. She feels fine when she takes her pills. She wont take them because they make her fat.
The doctor nodded.
Grandpa says she should follow doctors orders.
I hope she does, the doctor said. 
Niklas jumped from the chair and returned to the play area. He took apart the Lego house piece by piece and returned it to the toy box.
Why did you do that?
Maybe someone else can use the pieces. Grammie said we have to think about others to get along in this world. The tears welled up in his eyes. I miss Grammie. Nik willed himself to stop crying as he didnt want to be a baby in front of this stranger. 
The doctor gave him some tissues and a glass of water. Her phone rang and she said, Ill watch him until you get here.
That was your Aunt Beth calling to say she was stuck in traffic. Shell be here soon. Would you like to read a book in the waiting room? Pick out the one you like.
He picked up a book with a dragon on the front. A boy and a girl sat in the room outside the doctors office. The doctor picked the girl and took her inside. The boy was about his size, with black hair and blacker eyes. He was reading Time magazine and pretended not to notice Nik, who chose the chair next to him. Can you actually read that? Nik asked.
Sure. Ive been reading since I was three.
Who are you? Nik asked.
Surprised, the boy answered, Im Izzy.
Izzy? What kind of name is that?
Mine. He hesitated and then continued, I was named after my uncle the rabbi.
Nik could not get the boy to smile. Izzy looked like his stomach hurt. Even his hair looked tense, springing from his head in tight curls. So why are you here? Nik persisted.
Izzy looked at him like it was none of his business.
My friend was shot right in front of me and then my Grammie died from surprise.
Oh, Izzy said and decided to share. I cant stop worrying.
About what?
Dont you watch TV? The world is about to blow up.
Nik remembered Grampa Joe watching cars blowing up in a country called the Middle East. What can we do about that?
Izzy uncurled his fingers from a tight ball and looked at Niklas for the first time. I dont know. Something.
If you think of it, let me know. Ill help you.
Izzy looked surprised. You dont have to think about it?
No. You look like you could use a friend. Where do you live?
I just moved to Paradise Estates. My parents couldnt afford Highland Park anymore because of the Depression.
The words Highland Park stirred an early memory in Niks mind. Maybe it was a place he had talked to God about before he was born. The closer he got to seven, the vaguer his recall became.
Great. Thats where Grampa Joe lives.
Just then Aunt Beth entered the office, her eyes flashing and her hair looking a little crazy.
So sorry Im late. The traffic was very bad.
Nik stood. Aunt Beth, meet Izzy. He will be joining us for a play date.

Chapter Eight
Beth took a job with one of Sandras friends the same week Niklas went back to school. She was happy to see Niklas and Izzy riding around the driveway on their bikes when she arrived home from work. From the way they called to each other, she could tell they were playing a game to which only they knew the rules. Watching them took some of the frazzle out of her day. She didnt want to tell Joe she was afraid to drive to work. Chicago was a fast town. The suburbs were just as frenetic. When she drove too slowly, people honked angrily. When she sped up, she was liable to get a speeding ticket, like the one she was hiding in the glove compartment. She missed her orchards in New Mexico, the fresh air and exercise that kept her healthy. She parked in Joes driveway behind his car, Sandras car, and another car he was working on for Tyler.
Having a new friend had done wonders for Nik. He had stopped crying and asked Joe every day when Izzy could come and play. Joe and Sandra welcomed the little boy as they had welcomed Tylers friends to the cheerful activity of their home. There were no more trips to the special doctor.
Joe was watching the news in the living room while Sandra cooked dinner. So how was the first week? Sandra asked.
The look of expectation on Niklas face made her put on a cheery voice. It was fine. The people are very nice. She didnt add that she hadnt worked in an office in 20 years and wasnt up to speed on the computer like everyone else seemed to be. That almost everything she had done all day was wrong and promised to be wrong tomorrow. The boss was Sandras friend and was doing her a favor. As the day wore on, she became more exasperated with Beths lack of speed and anxiety-produced mistakes.
While she was talking to Sandra, Niklas and Izzy slipped past her down the basement stairs. All Beth wanted to do was lie down in a heap. Every night she lay in bed sleepless, trying to remember what she had learned about what the boss called, the system. When she was lucky enough to fall asleep, images from the computer screen danced in front of her eyes, demanding she press this key and not that one. Waking with a shudder, Beth got out of bed and pulled open the drapes, only to find the stars were blocked by heavy clouds. 
New Mexico was calling her. Arturo was taking care of her orchards. She couldnt impose on him forever. Joe kept telling her Niklas needed her. She probably needed him more. Her love for Niklas was deep and surprising, an invitation to look forward rather than back. The only drawback would be staying in Illinois, which had changed to a foreign country since she her childhood. The highways and even the parking lots were a never-ending stream of speed and danger. It would mean staying at a job which she hated. It would mean being separated from Arturo, whose friendship grew dearer in absence. 
Why dont you check on the boys? Sandra said. Dinner will be ready in ten minutes.
Beth walked down the stairs, hearing Niklas voice coming from behind the closed door of Joes office. Get down, Izzy, get down under the desk. Dont move a muscle. Play dead, Izzy.
Beth opened the door to see Izzy Plotkin crouched under Joes desk. Niklas was balanced on top of a small couch, cradling a toy rifle in his arms. The muted TV showed pictures of smiling first graders, the victims of a recent shooting. Beth recoiled at the memory of that terrible day when the whole country cried. Just as horrible was the cruelty of time, which could kill and bury and forget its victims in a matter of days.
Izzy was still playing possum, a possum whose every muscle was twitching in terror. What are you guys doing? Beth asked. Why dont you come and sit with me for a second?
Izzy gratefully gave up his position under the desk and curled under Beths outstretched arm. Niklas slid down the side of the couch and sat on the other side.
We were watching a movie, Nik said. Its about a bad guy who breaks into a school and starts shooting. Nik aimed the rifle at the silent TV screen. See, the kids play dead and he leaves.
Beth hugged them. Im glad your movie had a happy ending. Sometimes the bad people win though. She took the gun from Niks hands and dropped it behind the couch. Pointing guns at people is very mean, even if they are toys. I want you to use your minds and your hearts when you play.
Can we play skits after dinner? Izzy asked.
Sure. She helped Nik and Izzy make up plays which they presented for the adults in the family room. When Izzy became a regular guest at the Larkin home, skits became his favorite game. He showed a talent for writing them. Performing brought him out of his shyness.
Beth heard a cough behind her. She turned around and saw her brother Joe framed in the doorway. She was surprised at what a solid image he presented. In her minds eye he was still a teenager, trim and with silky cherub hair.
Go upstairs and wash your hands for dinner, boys, Joe said.
Nik and Izzy pounded up the stairs.
What were you telling them about evil triumphing over good?
They need to be prepared for the world theyre growing into.
Self righteousness filled Joes face. The boys are six. Give them time to be children.
Sorry, Joe. Maybe Im not the best companion for them. I dont have the training a mother does.
Joe relented. Thats not what I meant. The boys start circling the door when its time for you to come home from work. They love the games you play.
As much as I love Niklas, I dont know how long I can stay, Joe. Sandras friend may not put up with me forever.
Give it a little more time. Arturo said the orchards are in good shape. He has everything under control.
You talked to him?
Joe nodded. Arturo called just before you got home. Hes a good man. 
After dinner Beth followed the boys outside. Dark clouds were barreling through the yards, the rain only seconds away. Beth had forgotten how fast the weather could change in Illinois. She carried sunglasses, an umbrella and a snow brush in the car, sometimes using them in the same day. The boys played dodge ball in the backyard, an intense game with only the two of them playing. Come on, Beth, play with us.
Arent you scared of the lightning?
Were not allowed to play outside when theres lightning. Nik stood with his hands jutting out from his waist. Grampa Joe Googled the weather. Dont worry, the weatherman says no lightning. Come on, its fun. Beth shoved her fears aside and played dodge ball in the rain, clothes sticking to her skin. The lawn becoming a giant Slip N Slide.
Joes yard was so big, the boys found hiding places where Beth could not find them. Frustrated by being alone in the soggy dark, she called out, Niklas Larkin, where are you?
He tapped her on the shoulder from behind.
She turned around in surprise. Where did you come from?
Dont you know, I came from a dream in your heart.
She looked at his blue eyes, clear and steadfast in his muddy face. She had prayed for love for so many years, suggesting to God in what form and physique He might deliver it. She never dreamed love would arrive in the body of a little boy. She let out an involuntary laugh. 
Pay attention, Beth, and dont laugh. When you cried on Valentines night, God heard you and He answered you.
A gust of wind blew Nik into her arms. This new love carried the weight of permanence and none of the sharp elbows of her old love struggles. 
Izzy returned from running around the yard. They gathered in a space under the deck to rest for a minute. What was your favorite game when you were little, Beth? Nik asked. 
She felt herself entering the portal of childhood. I loved ice skating and sledding in the winter and riding my bike in the summer. Writing skits was probably my favorite. Whenever I went to a slumber party, I would write a play for my friends to perform.
What about? Izzy asked.
Usually about Indians. How they could walk through a forest without leaving a footprint. How they are friends with the animals.
Lets give it a try, Nik said. Lets walk through the backyard and look for animals. Ill get some flashlights from Gramma.
Beth shared the silence with Izzy, realizing that making him talk was painful for him. She realized the boy was quiet not because there was something wrong with him. He was a thinker. As they sat together, the rain stopped, pushed away by a chilly wind. At the end of the yard where the grass ended, there was a small creek hidden by a thicket of shrubs. Do you see something moving back there? Beth asked Izzy.
Thats Cameron. We call him Watcher because he spies on us when were playing.
Why dont you ask him to play with you? Maybe hes just looking for a friend. 
Nik called from the deck, Come on in, you guys. I want you to meet someone.
They found Nik, Grampa and Gramma in the hallway talking to a girl with curly red hair.
Hi, Im Rachel Dudek. I met Grace before she died. I wanted to tell you what a great lady she was and pay my respects.
Niklas nodded. Rachel was a friend of Spikys.
Grace said you were active in the peace movement, Rachel said, looking at Beth.
Joe started rocking back and forth on his heels and making a noise like he was about to erupt.
Beth smiled at Rachel. It was a long time ago.
I better be going, Rachel said. She took a card out of her purse and handed it to Beth. Check out our meeting next week. Wed love to host a veteran of the Grant Park riots.
Joe opened the door for her. As he was about to close it, Rachel turned around and looked at Niklas. You come, too, Nik. Were starting a new program called Kids for Peace.
###
God toured the area where the young victims of gun violence were arriving in a steady stream. Between school shootings and urban violence, an unprecedented number of children under seven had re-entered the pearly gates untimely. 
St. Michael formed a cosmic task force to brainstorm a new purpose for these young souls. St. Cecilia, representing music, proposed the children form a new juvenile wing of the heavenly choirs. Hindus and Buddhists argued the children needed to be involved in the world and should be reincarnated. In consideration of the way they died, they would come back as the enlightened ones.
God let all the suggestions rise in the ether and mingle. The fact was, it was too soon for the babies to be back in Heaven and in such numbers. They were innocents, and should not wander eternity as specters and shades. The returning children were unnaturally quiet and seemed a hundred years older than the babies getting ready to launch in their water park slides. God ordered the Heavenly choir to sing. Only music could wash and cleanse the multitudes of aching hearts. Exaltation from above fused with shouts of pain from below into unforgettable chords. 
The music spread a timeless comfort, giving God time to pluck an idea from the collective unconscious. The earthly media called the victims angels. God took a moment to recall the tense hours He sat with Abraham Lincoln while he wrote his inaugural speech. Lincolns first instinct was to threaten the South with the swords of war. Listening to his conscience and William Seward, the President appealed to the better angels of our nature. God decided the victims of shootings would become modern better angels. Instead of sitting at his right hand to judge the quick and the dead, they would be sent to sit on the shoulders of those in danger, perpetrators and victims. God smiled as the idea spread wordlessly through the soul-piercing music. The souls of the living and the dead began to quicken. 
People asked where He was when terrible things happened. God wished He could have stopped the Newtown tragedy and countless others. He gathered the anger and hurt, returning it to the grieving in the form of absolute love. In every century, they asked why He didnt stay the hand of the one pulling the trigger, launching a bomb or throwing a rock. They forgot, as well-loved children did, all they had been given. Free will was the gift a loving father gave His children. Free will allowed for surprise and discovery, even as it added discordant notes and violent slashes of color to the daily business of creation. 
For some relief from the eternal verities, God stopped in The Laughter Life. Opening night excitement was palpable in the room. He chose to remain invisible as it was Stephens big night. Grace was in the wings talking to her husband. God identified them, as He did all His children, by the hue of their shimmering columns of light.
Im so happy for you, dear, but how can you think of making jokes with all the trouble in the world? As Grace spoke, He saw the vital red of her earthly personality.
Stephen vibed gentle and cool, jazz blue. Time is not linear here. Everything is happening at the same time, joy and sorrow, tears and smiles...
That sounds like life, Grace said. 
Only more so, Stephen agreed. Youll get used to it. In Heaven time is out of mind, except theres no time and we operate outside of the mind. Look, Grace, were all a slice of the sky, as Beths poem said.
She also said we each have a musical theme which I cant hear. Its too quiet here.
God was concerned about Graces transition. Some of his children adapted to death like a duck to water, enjoying the liberation and release. Others, like Grace, stayed attached to the continually unfolding story on Earth.
Stephens shimmering blue approached Graces pulsing red. Youll learn to be quiet enough to hear notes combining in the most beautiful music ever made.
Grace softened. Do something for me. Ive told you about your great grandson, Niklas. He shares your love of comedy. Hes performing in his first talent show and hes nervous. Can you help him somehow?
Maybe I can arrange a visitation for the young lad. After all, the Koran says, He deserves Paradise who makes his companions laugh. 
Grace watched Stephen take the stage, quieting herself so she could see the light-filled, vibrating hum of the other patrons. He began, A priest, a rabbi and a minister walk into a bar. The bartender says, Is this a joke? Grace could see the laughter around the room as the shimmering columns of color collapsed and grew full strength again.

Chapter Nine
Niklas woke up laughing the morning of the talent show. He had dreamed he was on stage with a funny old man. They each had guns which shot jokes written on paper flags. Niklas and the man took turns killing each other with jokes. They fell to the floor laughing and got up again, never getting hurt. After Niks best joke, the older man disappeared. Nik ran through the school trying to find him. Dad appeared out of nowhere and found the man who was old but not old. They took the stage again to thunderous applause. The dream was so real, Nik jumped out of bed to look for the mystery man. By the time he got to the bathroom, Nik realized the man and the dream had vanished, as dreams often do. It was odd in a nice way, like the night when he found an excellent book of jokes on his bed. 
Nik went back to his room and rehearsed in front of the mirror. In a movie he wasnt supposed to watch, an actor said good jokes killed, just like in his dream. He wrote the jokes on a blue piece of paper and folded it into a tiny square. In school that day, he sneaked a peek at them, pretending he was on stage in the school auditorium. Watching funny men on TV helped him know how to deliver a joke by emphasizing certain words. During recess he met Izzy behind the jungle gym and practiced with him. He met Izzy again at lunch. Too excited to eat, they picked at some chicken fingers and tater tots.
Did you notice Cameron is watching us again? Izzy asked.
You mean Cam from Joisey? Hes like a shadow.
Aunt Beth said we should ask him to play with us.
She wants us to play with Cameron? He spoke with the boys funny accent. Im too busy right now.
Maybe later, Izzy said.
At the end of the day, an orange sunset filled the windows of the classroom. An announcement came over the PA, asking students who were participating in the talent show to report to the auditorium. A crack of thunder followed and it started to rain.
Miss Moffat gathered the students backstage and asked them to get in line in order of their performances. Niklas was last in the snaking line. Great, he mumbled, now I have more time to be nervous.
Miss Moffat ruffled his hair. Did you ever hear of saving the best for last? You are going to do great.
Girls in tutus started the show with a dance from the Nutcracker. The parents went wild.
A boy played violin, a girl played piano and another boy did card tricks. The parents went wild no matter who was on stage and what they were doing. Nik relaxed and joked around with the boy in front of him who was playing a song on his flute. My parents made me do it, he said miserably.
Finally Niklas heard his name called. The blue paper stayed in his pocket like a good luck charm. As he stepped on stage, Nik smelled steam rising from the parents wet coats in the overly hot room. He saw Izzy sitting with Grampa Joe, Gramma Sandy, and Aunt Beth. Dad wasnt there.
Nik gave the audience a big smile and said, What do you call James Bond in the bath? He paused strategically and answered Bubble 07!
Laughter rolled toward him and he wanted more. He stepped further out on stage. Why didn't Superman know he could fly? Because he didn't know his Cape Abilities!
He saw someone coming in and hoped it was Dad. It was only Cameron. He continued to the next joke. What do you get if Batman and Robin are smashed by a steam roller?
Flatman and Ribbon!
He followed Izzys gaze to Camerons hand. It was hard to tell from far away what he carried. Izzy slid under his chair. Was he hiding or looking for something? The show had to go on as the audience was really laughing. Nik looked at the audience and asked, What did the policeman say to his stomach? You're under a VEST!
Dad appeared at the back of the auditorium and waved at Nik. Why did the police wake the child? All he had to do was pause and wait for the laughs. Because they'd heard there had been a kid napping!
Nik saw Dad bend down to talk to Cameron. He led him to where the family was sitting. Tyler pointed to the empty seat next to Gramma Sandy. Aunt Beth pulled Izzy from under the chair and put him on her lap.
Nik was so glad to see Dad, he gave the next joke a lot of pizzazz. Why was the police officer under the blanket? The auditorium became quiet waiting for the punch line. Nik stepped into it like a pro. Because he was an undercover cop!
The audience was still laughing when he delivered his final joke. How many Dads does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, but he has to go to the store five times to get the right kind!
Nik felt happy butterflies in his stomach as he took a bow and headed for the wings. He had killed and everyone was there to see it.
###
The waitress brought out the adult drinks first, which had a strong medicine smell as they passed under Niklass nose. Then she came back with strawberry lemonades for Nik, Izzy and Beth. The restaurant was filled with other families who had been at the talent show.
You made everyone laugh, Mom said.
Nik tried not to look too pleased.
Why did Cameron sit with us? Gramma Sandy asked. 
I felt sorry for him. Tyler said. His mother dropped him off and he was all alone.
Are you talking about Cam from Joisey? Nik mimicked the New Jersey accent.
Beth put her hand over his mouth. Mockery is a cheap form of comedy, Niklas. Its beneath you.
Nik looked under the table. What did he have in his hand, a gun?
I didnt see anything, Tyler said. 
Was Cameron pointing a gun at Nik? Gramma Sandy asked.
I was just kidding, Gramma. It was probably just a squirt gun, Nik said.
Gramma Sandy looked serious. Someone has to talk to Camerons parents. Perhaps the child doesnt know the difference between a real gun and a toy.
Nik ran his hand over his face. Come on. Its not like that movie where the kids got shot by a maniac.
Grampa Joe looked at Beth. The table was quiet again. She nodded.
That wasnt a movie, Niklas, Grampa Joe said. That was the news.
Nik tore his napkin into tiny bits. You mean somebody killed those kids?
Izzy nodded. I didnt tell you, Nik, because I knew you would be upset. My dad says they need better rules about guns.
Tyler grabbed Nik and put him on his lap. There are bad people and sick people in the world. Were not sure why they do what they do. 
Nik squirmed in his fathers lap. Does Cameron want to kill me? Is he sick?
Izzy picked up a bread stick and pointed it at Niklas. Aunt Beth said maybe he needs a friend.
Nik was quiet for a long time. He picked up another napkin and put it on his lap. Izzy and I will talk to Cameron. Well see what hes thinking. 
I dont know, Niklas, Gramma said.
Aunt Beth can go with us. Turning to her, he said, You are an adult, right?
The adults laughed.
The waitress came with platters of burgers and chicken sandwiches. Nik got chicken tenders with dipping sauce while Izzy and Beth had spinach salads.
I never saw a boy eat a salad, Nik commented.
You havent seen everything yet. Izzy winked at Beth.
Everybody dig in, Grampa Joe said.
In the parking lot, Nik held Beths hand as they walked to the car. Do you ever have funny dreams, Beth?
Like what?
Like someone is standing by your bed, talking to you?
Sure, its nothing to be afraid of. Its called a visitation. Sometimes a loved one in Heaven wants to give you a message and they cant do it in a normal way. My great-grandfather came to me once in a dream when I needed help. I worried too much when I was a kid. Great Grandpa Jerry was a piano player. He would wait until I went to sleep and then he would play cheerful songs.
What songs?
Bye-Bye Blackbird is the one I remember. She sang the song and Nik sang along.
I dreamed of a funny old man the size of a boy who went on stage with me. We were so funny we killed.
Beth laughed. That was your great-grandfather, Stephen. He was married to Grace. He made everyone laugh. Listen, Nik, you can keep the special visit your secret. I think Stephen was probably helping you get ready for the talent show.
Nik opened the door and jumped into his car seat. So that was Stephen. Great. Just so Im not crazy. 
###
When Beth got home from work on Monday, she changed into jeans and went looking for the boys. They werent in the garage or the basement. She put on a jacket and went outside. They werent on the swings or in their hiding place under the deck. She started to get worried. She heard a popping noise and some faint squeals coming from the little creek between the yards. She ran toward the noise.
Behind the thicket of shrubs, she saw Nik, Izzy and Cameron. Nik was taking candy bars out of his pocket and distributing them to the boys.
Do you like chocolate, Cameron?
Camerons light brown hair fell in his face as he grabbed the candy bar.
I want to ask you something else.
Izzy crouched on his haunches as if he were ready to jump and run.
Why do you talk funny?
My tooth is missing and it makes me whistle. My mom says it will grow back.
Do you like guns?
Cameron shifted uncomfortably.
Why did you bring a gun to the talent show and point it at me?
Cameron seemed to shrink into himself. Just fooling around.
Was it a squirt gun? Izzy asked. 
Yeah, I have lots of guns. Check this out. He picked up a toy gun and shot at a frog with a ping pong ball.
Beth stepped around the bushes so the boys could see her. What are you guys doing?
Camerons showing us his ping pong gun. Nik said.
Beth helped the boys to their feet. Come on Nik, Izzy. Lets walk Cameron home.
Camerons house was like Joes, set back from the street on an acre lot. Camerons mother, a small woman with Camerons soft brown hair, welcomed them. She wore a lavender cashmere sweater set. Her nails were painted to match. Her hair was warmed by subtle highlights. Beth smoothed her wiry half-black, half-gray hair from her makeup-free face. In New Mexico, the natural look was common. Standing next to Cindy Fanucci, she felt like a disaster. She hid her ragged nails under the sleeves of her sweatshirt.
Hi, Im Cindy. Its so nice to meet you, Beth. Ive seen you taking walks around the neighborhood.
Mom, can I show them my new video game? Without waiting for an answer, the boys ran downstairs. 
Cindy said, Its awfully nice of you to bring Cameron home. Would you like a cup of tea?
Beth noticed the activity in the kitchen centered around an island covered with snacks and school assignments. She took a seat at the breakfast bar as Cindy filled the kettle. Cherry wood cabinets hovered over cold marble counter tops, flanked by expensive-looking appliances. Beth thought her little adobe house with a rough hewn wooden table in the kitchen wouldnt cut it in Paradise Acres. Even so, she longed for the mountains outside her window. 
How long have you lived here? Cindy asked.
Im staying with my brother Joe for a bit. I actually live in New Mexico.
Id love to visit Santa Fe. We moved here from New Jersey six months ago when my husband was transferred.
How do you like it here? Beth asked. 
Cindy sighed. To tell you the truth, the adjustment is rough, especially for my son. Cams having a hard time making friends. The kids make fun of his accent and his lisp. Hes spending too much time alone. When I was his age, I had a gang of friends in the neighborhood. 
I grew up that way, too. Gangs of kids played baseball in the street. After dark it was flashlight tag. We lived outside in the summer. Our parents must have known what we were doing, but they left us alone. Maybe it was their plot to get us out of the house.
Cindy smiled as if she were remembering her youth. 
Niklas and Izzy would like to be friends with Cameron, Beth said.
That would be wonderful.
I have to ask you something. Cameron brought a squirt gun to the talent show the other night. Today he was shooting frogs with a ping pong gun. Does he play with real guns? I hate to be nosy. Do you keep guns in the house?
Cindy twirled her hair around her finger. My husband, Vince, keeps a few for work. Dont worry, they are under lock and key.
Ill talk to my brother and sister-in-law. You understand we have to protect Niklas.
The boys ran up the stairs, all talking at once about someone named Super Mario. We better go. Beth collected jackets and boys and herded them to the door. Thanks for the tea. Beth liked Cindy yet felt sorry for the little woman trapped in her perfect dollhouse.
It was so nice to meet you, Beth. If you ever want to go for a walk, just ring the doorbell.
Bye, Cameron, Nik and Izzy called. See you at school tomorrow!
###
God despaired as He looked out the viewing screen at hot spots in Israel, Palestine, Syria and Mali. Flames smoldered all over the map, in big cities and country crossroads. It had been His hope that as mankind evolved, so would love and understanding. Social media promised to link and heal. Some days it did as only it could do. Other times the internet babble only made tempers bristle and burn. Emotionally, He feared His children were stuck on angry.
God took a look at the scene transpiring in Cameron Fanuccis kitchen. Cindy and Beths conversation was a step toward inclusion for Cameron. In the basement, the boys were growing closer through play. Only He knew that the night of the talent show, Cameron had a real gun in his jacket. The boy heard his parents talking one night when they thought he was asleep. He heard his father say he kept an extra key to the gun cabinet in his toolbox. While the parents were watching TV, Cameron found the key and sneaked a handgun into his backpack. 
Cameron had heard Niklas making fun of the way he talked during recess. Other kids did it too; it was just that Niklas did it best. He asked his mom for a ride to the talent show. Cindy Fanucci dropped her son off on the way to an appointment with the interior decorator. He told her he was going to sit with his friends family. 
God deployed the better angels to sit on the shoulders of Niklas and Cameron as they faced each other in the auditorium. Another rode shotgun as Tyler barreled through traffic to get to the school before Cameron took the real gun from his pocket. One crisis averted in a world on fire was what He took from the day.

Chapter Ten
You have to let me go Grandpa, Nik wailed, his face red and his fists clenched.
I dont have to do anything, Grampa Joe said. I am the adult in this house and what I say goes.
Tears of frustration rolled down Niks cheeks. They need me at the peace rally. Rachel wants me to tell jokes. You know, to warm up the crowd.
Joe laughed in spite of himself. Warm up the crowd? Where did you learn that expression?
It was from a movie, Beth said. Kids know more than we did, Joe.
Were sophisticated, Nik said, stumbling over every syllable in the word.
Im concerned for his safety, Joe said, looking at his sister. Nik better stay home with me.
Nik stayed quiet for a long time. OK, Grampa. Maybe Ill wait until youre asleep. Then Ill sneak out and take the train there myself.
Joe sighed. Ill think about it.
Nik put his arm around Joe. Kids are killing kids, Grampa. We have to do something about it.
###
Beth was relieved when Joe offered to drive them to the peace rally on Saturday. Niklas selected jokes from the book which had appeared under his pillow one night. For good luck, he wrote them on a piece of blue paper from Sandys desk. Joe drove aggressively on the Kennedy, cutting off other drivers and hitting the brakes abruptly. Beth thought several times he was going to run into the car in front of them. She wished she had her brothers confidence.
Joe parked in a garage and walked with them to Daley plaza. The crowd was made up of twenty-somethings wearing ponchos and wool caps. Bunch of hippie wannabes. When I was their age, I already had a house and kids.
Beth wondered about the sparse crowd and the lack of organization. She tried to stay positive for Niks sake. Give them a chance, Joe. The President said the gun violence in Chicago is equivalent to a Newtown every four months.
Nik spotted Rachel Dudek and ran up to her. Beth and Joe caught up with him in front of the Picasso. 
Thanks for coming, Rachel said. She wore a huge peace sign necklace over her poncho and signature pink tights. 
Seems like a small crowd, Joe said. Rallies in other cities have been getting upwards of 5,000 participants.
Were targeting the movement to children. What we failed to take into account was that children cant attend unless their parents bring them downtown. Thats a hard sell on a cold Saturday. Rachel frowned. Listen, Nik. We had to change the program. The committee decided we shouldnt joke about guns.
So hes not going on? Joe said. Hes been rehearsing all week.
You dont want me? Niks bright smile melted like a chocolate bar in a hot car.
Rachel gave him a hug. Not today. Thank you for coming. Its important that youre here.
Beth saw that Nik was fighting tears. Lets take a walk, Nik. She distracted him with stories of Chicago history. Listen, dear, well find another way to get your message out.
Nik was crying now that no one could see him except Beth. Im ready today.
Joe caught up with them, carrying a bag of doughnuts. What do you say we go home and do something fun? You can call Izzy and Cameron, see if they can play.
Nik brightened a bit. OK. Can we call them from the car?
Joe got Nik situated in the back seat. As Beth opened the passengers side door, Joe knocked her on the shoulder. Thats so you, Beth, caught up in your lofty ideas that you dont get the details down right.
Im sorry, Joe. If I had known about the program change, I wouldnt have asked you to drive us down here.
Joes face showed he wasnt accepting her apology. I dont want you passing your goofiness on to Nik. Its a tough world and he needs to learn how to be practical.
Beth sat down and put on her seatbelt. Joes words stung, all the more because they were true. She didnt fit into the practical world where her brother and everyone else lived. Maybe it was time to go back to New Mexico. She would call Arturo later to see check on the orchards and hear a friendly voice. As Joe took the exit for Paradise Acres, Beth looked around to see if Niklas were sleeping. He was looking at a piece of blue paper, mouthing the words to his jokes.
###
It had started to snow when Beth took Nik to Izzy Plotkins house to play. 
A wiry man with curly dark hair shot with gray greeted her at the door. Hi, Im Howard, Izzys dad. He was wearing a Yale Law sweat shirt with jeans. Join me on the deck. He picked up a cigar and lit it. My guilty pleasure, he said. Its good to meet you. Izzy talks about you all the time.
Snow was coating the deck and the yard beyond. Hes a welcome addition at my brothers house. They love him. Beth contemplated this man who enjoyed his cigar as if he were at a Fourth of July picnic.
Thats good. Youre the one he talks about, Niks aunt Beth. Youve helped my son come out of his shell. The red embers of his cigar stood out against the dull whiteness of the backyard. Izzy was devastated when he had to leave his friends in Highland Park. He doesnt adapt well to change. I thought he would sit in his room reading forever until he met Nik.
Izzys sensitive. I told him thats OK. Beth looked at the large yard which looked like Joes yard and all the others in the neighborhood except for variations in the landscaping. Is your wife home? Izzy said shes a vice president.
Doreen is a senior vice president for a health care association. Shes working today. Its a good thing one of us is.
Izzy said he wants to be a lawyer like you. Do you talk to him about current events? He told us he wants to change gun rules.
He gets some of his ideas from me and some from TV. His best ideas are all Izzy.
Beth nodded. I can see the visionary in him. Its probably hard for him to sense lifes problems at such a young age.
Howard put out his cigar in a coffee can. You cant shield kids from the world. My hope is that my smart boy will make a contribution. Could I get you something to drink, Beth? Soft drink, water, glass of wine? 
I should be getting home.
Stay a bit. Id like to get to know the famous Aunt Beth.
Beth smiled. All that was waiting for her at Joes house was his disapproval. All right. How about a glass of water?
Come on inside.
Izzy, Cameron and Nik were up and down the stairs to the playroom all afternoon while Howard Plotkin told Beth about his time in the states attorneys office. He looked at the clock. I didnt realize how long Id been talking. Sorry to bore you.
Not at all. When you find someone sympathetic, its easy to talk. The other day at work I talked the ear off a poor woman who said hello to me in the lunch room.
Howard laughed. I know what you mean. I used to sit in the quiet car on the train because I couldnt stand to listen to people talking. Now I invite the UPS guy in for drinks.
So, what are you going to do next?
I need to find another job. The trouble is, the longer Im unemployed, the less valuable I am to a prospective employer.
Even with your background?
Im afraid so. No matter what your politics are, the economy sucks.
As the afternoon wore on, Beth felt more comfortable with Howard. 
So what were you up to today? he asked.
I dont know if I should mention this. We went to a peace rally downtown.
Is that Rachel Dudeks group?
Do you know Rachel?
I went to law school with her father, Morris.
Small world indeed. Beth hesitated. Its good to meet a kindred spirit. Everyone in Paradise Acres, including my brother, seems to be a supporter of the Second Amendment. I thought Illinois was a blue state. 
Howard smiled. Tell me about today.
Beth laughed. The rally was a bit disorganized. They had invited Niklas to warm up the crowd and then decided to back off jokes about guns.
Political correctness will be the death of humor in this country. He took a sip from his glass. I saw Nik perform at the talent show. The boy has a certain charisma.
Glad you see it, too, Beth said.
Howard put down his glass. Maybe theres a way we can save the day. Follow me. 
As they navigated the basement stairs, they listened for the boys. Howard checked the playroom and his office, not finding them. Finally, they heard giggles coming from a closet in the laundry room.
Cameron, stick your fingers here, Nik said.
Beth suddenly worried they were up to something she couldnt handle.
Howard gave her a quick look and opened the door. The three boys were wearing yarmulkes and prayer shawls. The shawls were patterned with blue and gold stripes, making them look like a cross between miniature men of God and little hippies. As usual, Nik was the leader, while Izzy looked serious and Cameron peered out from behind his long bangs.
Cameron, put your hand up. This is how you flash the peace sign, Nik instructed.
What are you boys doing? Howard asked.
Were having a peace rally, Izzy said. 
Well, come on out of the closet, so to speak, and show us.
The boys ran to the playroom and adjusted their costumes.
My uncle Isidore was a rabbi. He left his things and his name to Izzy.
The boys arranged themselves on the couch. As Howard took a video with his phone, Nik jumped in front of his friends. Hey kids, raise your hand for peace. Its the cool new thing. Dont sit alone in your room with a gun! Guns are for losers. Lets stop kids from killing kids. Are you with me?
Beth was so proud of Nik she wanted to laugh or cry. She didnt make a sound as she didnt want him to think she was making fun of him.
Nik told jokes as Izzy and Cameron flashed the peace sign.
###
Later that night, Beth lay on her bed in the guest room and tried to write a poem. Spending time with the boys opened her senses to experiences. They made the mundane fresh, like the sweet bite of an orange and the quick pain of ripping off a band aid. Sitting by the window with Niklas, she took the time to watch the free fall of the birds from treetop to feeder. 
Tonight she wrote about the New Mexico she could see as clearly as if it were waiting for her outside the back door. She tried to capture in images the night she spent with Arturo at Taos Mountain. Starting with mountains bathed in watermelon light, she moved to stars taking up residence in a backdrop of black at the dark of the moon. Remembering the storm that surprised them in sleep, she concentrated on the singular sound of the gong-like thunder. She was far away when she heard a loud knock on the door. Sometimes Nik visited at night, usually coming in without knocking. She jumped up and put on her robe.
Joe was standing in the hall holding up his phone. Why is my phone blowing up and why is Nik dressed like a rabbi? He thrust the phone in her face.
She had to put on her glasses to see Niklas, Izzy and Cameron dressed up for their peace rally.
They were playing at Izzys house this afternoon. They looked so cute, Howard took a picture of them.
Howard? Her brothers face was getting red. She knew it was a short trip from perturbed to furious. 
You know Howard Plotkin, Izzys father.
Weve never met.
You should make the effort. Hes a nice man.
Well, his little video went viral on YouTube. Ive been getting texts all night wondering why I would allow my grandson to be seen in such a get-up. Is that what you wanted? Niks poked his head out of the bedroom door to see what was going on.
Take it easy, Joe. Youre going to scare Niklas. I thought Howard was just taking a picture. I didnt know other people would be able to see it.
Joe snorted. As usual, you didnt know, Beth. 
She watched him walk down the hall to his room and shut the door. Sleep would be impossible now as anger and shame took turns beating her up. She thought of calling Arturo, but didnt want him to hear the catch in her voice.
###
On Friday morning Gramma Sandy helped Niklas put on his George Washington costume. He was wearing white football pants to look like breeches and a gold-buttoned jacket from the costume chest in the basement.
You make a wonderful George Washington, Gramma said, fastening the jacket and patting his wig. Who is Izzy going to be?
Abe Lincoln, couldnt you guess?
Yes, he will be a good 16th president. Make sure and hold your heads up and smile in the parade.
I cant wait for the parade. All the grades will be in it.
Lets go downstairs and eat. The bus will be here in twenty minutes.
Nik ate some oatmeal because Grampa Joe said Gramma Sandy was on some kind of health kick. He watched for Gramma to kick something. She never did.
On the way out the door, Gramma stuck some fruit bars in his backpack. You didnt have much breakfast. Eat these if you get hungry later.
Thanks, Gramma.
She smiled at him the way she did when she wanted him to know how much she loved him. At Izzys house everyone said, I love you. Mr. Fanucci said it to Cameron when he brought his dishes out of the playroom.
Gramma helped him with his backpack. Remember in kindergarten you called this your pack-pack?
He turned around and smiled. That was when I was wee lad, Gramma.
Izzy was waiting him for at the bus stop wearing a stovetop hat and black shiny pants.
Nice pants, Niklas said.
Theyre my dads tuxedo pants. My mom had to cut them down.
The bus is coming. Wheres Cameron? 
The boys turned and saw Cameron running from his house at the end of the cul-de-sac. He was wearing tan pants and a polo shirt under his flapping jacket.
Its favorite president day, Cameron, Nik yelled at the top of his voice. Wheres your costume?
The school bus pulled up beside them. The driver put out the warning sign even though there were no cars coming. Cameron was panting. This is my costume, guys.
Who are you? Izzy said gently.
George W. Bush. My dad says hes the greatest president who ever lived.
Nik put his foot on first step and inhaled the bus smell of apple juice and expectant sweat. The seats were filled with Washingtons and Lincolns mixed in with a couple of girls dressed as the Statue of Liberty. They wore sparkly crowns and were wrapped in red, white and blue scarves. As they headed for the only open seat in the back, waves of laughter followed him. Forget your costume? kids snickered and hissed.
This is my costume, you morons, Cameron said. Im George W. Bush on casual Friday.
Niklas turned to put his arm around his friend. As you all know, Presidents now dont wear beards. Nik wanted to end the sentence with the word morons. Imagining Aunt Beths frowning face, he didnt. He made Cameron sit between himself and Izzy at the back of the bus.
At school, the fifth graders put on skits about the greatest presidents. The teachers gave them all an apple as a snack. Nik pulled out Grammas fruit bars and gave one to Izzy and Cam. By 10:00 am he was tired of wearing the wig and stashed it in his backpack.
After school they went to Camerons house. His mother made break-and-bake cookies which she served with cold milk in tall glasses while she talked on her pink phone. Cameron slurped his milk, creating a mustache. His mother swiped it away with a napkin. He wriggled away from her. Lets go downstairs. I got some new games to show you.
Cams downstairs smelled like wood. His mom said it was a special cedar wood scent. Grampas basement smelled like old sports uniforms. They played Super Mario Brothers until Cameron announced he was bored. I got an idea, guys. Lets forget about the Wii and make our own game! He searched behind the couch and gave each boy a sword.
Your mom lets you play with swords? Izzy asked.
Theyre just plastic, Cameron said. 
Nik could see Izzy was scared. His instinct to run upstairs for Mrs. Fanucci was overcome by his desire to play.
Come on guys, Cameron urged. Lets have some fun. They started out tapping each other with the plastic swords. Tapping turned to parrying and thrusting. Cameron was the most aggressive.
Nik could see Izzy was having a hard time. Aunt Beth said Izzy was more comfortable in his brain than his body. While Izzy was thinking about what to do next, Cameron buried his sword in the boys stomach and forced him all the way to the stairs.
Take it easy, Cameron, Nik yelled. Why doncha give Izzy a break. Too late, he realized he was talking New Jersey. 
Cameron wheeled around, his face red, eyes blocked by the fall of his light brown hair. Come on, Nik, lets do it.
Nik knew he should run upstairs and get Mrs. Fanucci. His feet were somehow stuck to the ground. Cameron swiped his hair out of his eyes and raised his sword. Nik saw a strange look in his friends eyes, furious yet sad. It was the look the kids on the bus had seen when Cameron called them morons. Nik grabbed Camerons sword with his hand and flung it behind the couch. Cameron lurched forward and grabbed Niks neck. As they fell to the floor, Nik expected to hear the pounding of feet on the stairs. When no one came to check on them, Nik used some wrestling moves Dad taught him. Soon he was sitting on top of Cameron looking down at his face. The moment was his to settle with an apology or a punch.
Go ahead, Cameron taunted. What are you waiting for?
Nik saw the quivering weakness in the boy. He wanted to punch him. As he raised his hand, he felt a soft touch on the back of his head and a whisper of a voice. Turning around he found no one, not Mrs. Fanucci or Aunt Beth. Scared and amazed, he rolled off Cameron and helped him up. Sorry, Cameron.
Cameron got up and found his sword behind the couch.
Nik flashed the peace sign. Im a joker sometimes. You know that.
Cameron lowered the sword and put it in the toy box. Like being my friend is a joke. His hunched shoulders descended into dejection.
Izzy helped Cameron gather toys and put them away.
The door at the top of the stairs opened loud as a gunshot. Whaddaya guys doin? Mr. Fanuccis voice boomed like a bowling ball bouncing down the stairs.
Dads home, Cameron said. You can go home now guys.

Chapter Eleven
Beth decided to grab the hour of light left after work to go for a walk. She put on a sweater under her coat and wrapped a scarf around her neck to guard against the March chill. She walked quickly on the opposite side of the road as they were no sidewalks in Paradise Acres. All of the homes were set on an acre. The vehicles on the driveways were family vehicles, whether they were SUVs, vans or sedans. Each house had a different construction, unlike many of the ticky-tacky subdivisions she passed on the way to work. As her legs started working and her lungs opened to the fresh air, hope stirred for the first time in weeks. The winter had been a hard one, adjusting to office life, and the ever-blinking computer. She dug in her pocket and pulled out her phone. Without debating whether she should or not, she called Arturo in Corrales. He answered on the second ring. So how are things in Chicago, chica? he teased in an exaggerated accent.
Im OK but I miss New Mexico. She almost said I miss you. Tell me about the orchards? How is the work going?
Everything is fine. Dont worry about it.
A car piloted by a texting teenager sped by. Beth jumped and almost landed in a ditch. I appreciate everything youre doing. I will pay your crew when I get back. I dont take you for granted.
Arturos familiar laugh traveled all the way from New Mexico. I wish you would take me for granted. You sound cold. Are you outside? I saw on the Weather Channel it was 10 degrees this morning in Chicago.
Im the only fool out here. Im looking for Gods signature in the sunset.
He hasnt forgotten about you.
I know, Arturo. I can see him better from our orchards in the watermelon mountains.
Are you writing poetry again?
If I can warm up the frozen tip of my pen.
Well, I think you just wrote a poem.
Beth felt a phantom touch of warmth, like molecules rearranging. She smiled into the phone. 
I miss you, Beth, Arturo said.
In the distance, a squeaky voice yelled her name. Confused, Beth looked at her phone. Then she looked up and saw a tiny figure in pink barreling toward her. Beth, wait up!
Whats that squeaking? Arturo asked.
Its Cindy Fanucci, a neighbor. Shes the mother of Niklass friend. Cindy was getting closer, hurrying toward Beth on her short legs. Im so sorry, Arturo. I have to go.
He sighed. Call me when you can.
Thank God youre out here, Cindy said. Ive been cooped up inside all day with no one to talk to. Vince is on assignment so I cant call him. Do you mind if I join you?
Of course not. What does your husband do?
Hes a security consultant.
They walked past homes whose dark formal living rooms shrouded the privacy of the inhabitants, who were ensconced in family rooms set back from the street. It was too cold for the children to play outside. In the frozen yards, dogs barked at geese honking above on their homeward flights. Following Cindy across the narrow bridge spanning Paradise Creek, Beth remembered how Joe called geese flying dogs. Even their annoying calls sounded like the bark of a hoarse dog.
Cindy pulled a cigarette out of her pocket and lit it with a pink lighter. I hope you dont mind. Im down to one a day.
Beth remembered the intense craving when she smoked years ago. Wouldnt it be better to quit altogether than have to sneak out once a day to smoke?
Of course. Cindy let out a big laugh for a small person. Then Id be perfect and how dull would that be?
Beth laughed, glad she had met someone who could make her laugh.
They looped around the neighborhood several times, finally approaching their cul-de-sac again. In the Larkins driveway, three small figures sporting blue, green and pink hair spiking up from their heads were shooting baskets. 
My eyes are so tired from staring at the computer all day. Are three trolls playing basketball in my brothers driveway?
You are so funny. It was crazy hair day at school. Cindy stubbed out the cigarette with her toe. She bent over and picked it up, stashing it in a plastic bag in her purse. Those kids have more fun than people. Did you know they are called the three musketeers at school?
Beth thought they couldnt be more different. She was glad they had found each other. The boys paused in their game and saw them approaching. They stopped their game and came running for a hug.
###
Deep in the beanbag chair, God read newspapers from every country in the world. He was not pleased, even with those writing about the peace process. The implication that peace was a process gave His children too much leeway to procrastinate and pontificate. The world needed peace today, not in some future perfect. It was not a process to be foisted on future generations. Let there be peace in the world and let it begin with me, hummed through the celestial firmament as He flipped through accounts of every kind of violence under the sun. In Chicago armed gangs were taking control of the streets. As the mayor and police commissioner assured the citizenry the murder count was down, journalists reported children shot in parks, on the way to school, and on their front stoops. A columnist for the Sun-Times called for drones to patrol troubled neighborhoods.
God was horrified. Not even six months after the Sandy Hook tragedy, children were being killed. In Georgia, a baby was shot in the face by two youths as they attempted to rob the mother. Some of the shootings were mistaken; some were intentional. None were acceptable. God had seen the world through plenty of tense times. What He saw now was the potential for annihilation. The poet Milton would have described the hate as darkness visible, where peace and rest can never dwell, hope never comes.
Hope must never die, God thought. Every man, woman and child walking the planet was made of a love divine. Every life had a purpose. Recognizing that, why didnt His children love one another constantly as St. Francis asked. Were the prayers that sustained mankind for generations losing their punch? Perhaps He needed to translate the brotherhood of man into a new emogi for the digital age? If only every person knew with how much love he was created, he would never hurt another living being.
The saint had given up a comfortable life to love God. Francis had started a movement of followers who also gave up everything to follow him. Could Niklas start such a movement? God had seen St. Francis taking in the last set at the Laughter Life the night before. He would have to pick the saints brain. In Francis day, his ideas were radical and revolutionary. Was loving your neighbor as yourself always going to be radical?
God looked down at the little boys hugging Cindy and Beth in the Larkins driveway. Their colored hair created an illusion of warmth in the frozen yard where spring seemed as imaginary as world peace. God had infinite love and big plans for them. Thats why He had sent an angel to keep Niklas Larkin from smashing Cameron Fanucci in the face. Alighting on Niks shoulder at the crucial moment, the Better Angel sent out a vibration of love to stay Niklas hand.
God was impressed by their popularity on YouTube. It proved his theory that comedy was a vehicle to talk about serious issues. Niklas, Izzy and Cameron were going to use their talents for peace. His original plan was for the boys to meet in college and develop their material in a dorm room. Recent events had made the future more of a concept. He revised the plan to have six year olds wash away hate with laughter.
Since God was going ask much of Niklas, He wondered what He could do for the boy? He remembered Nik praying for a husband for Aunt Beth. God knew she needed help. Her bright aura was fading to muddy brown. Her calm quiet switched too often to silence. When she lay sleepless, she prayed to make it through the day. She prayed not to break down in front of Niklas. She prayed not to fall asleep behind the wheel. After a lifetime of praying for love, she had stopped. 
At one time a beautiful day would have put Beth back on course. God rarely meddled in the weather, as it resulted from mankinds free will actions. He would not crack the ice that immobilized the Midwest. Some days, the Supreme Artist, like his human creations, could only do something. In the name of love, God sent a migrant worker with a particular pest in his knapsack to a peach orchard in Corrales, New Mexico. 
###
Driving home from work on April Fools Day, Beth surveyed the season she thought of as almost-Spring. Today the temperature had inched past fifty and flirted with sixty, yet piles of hard black snow still dotted shady spots and parking lots. The return of the sun after months of drear was almost confusing. Could this harsh light coax the bulbs to push their way out of the cold, hard ground? A bicyclist in shorts darted out of a side road, snapping her to attention. The kid behind her drove with windows open and his music cranked. The beat of the bass was as explicit as birdsong as a sign of life returning.
Beths phone rang as she pulled into Joes driveway, surprising her out of thoughts of seasons and snow. She dumped the contents of her purse as she searched for the phone.
Hey, its Cindy. Be sure to check your mail. Were all invited to a benefit downtown on Saturday night.
What kind of benefit? Beth asked, stuffing wallet, checkbook, pens and glasses back into their respective sections. She searched on the floor for her lipstick.
Angels for Peace. Its going to be at the Hilton Hotel. Howard said you know the leader, Rachel Dudek.
Beth found the lipstick, capped it, and returned it to her purse. Niklas and Mom met her at a demonstration right before Mom died. Is your husband going? Id love to meet him.
Vince has no choice. Im so eager to get out of this cul-de-sac for a night, Id go to a benefit for rabid raccoons.
Beth laughed. Thanks for letting me know. How are we getting there? Beth was scared enough driving to work, she didnt know how she would make it downtown in one piece.
I volunteered Vince to drive since we can fit everyone in our Hummer.
Talk to you later, Cindy. Beth was so relieved she didnt have to drive, she didnt care about being seen in a Hummer. Besides, it would be interesting to spend an evening with the mysterious Vince. Niklas said he was nice but scary.
### 
As you look into your hearts, I think youll agree that there is no greater cause than giving children a shot at a productive future, or any kind of future at all. Thank you all for being here tonight. Rachel Dudek bowed toward the audience with her hands clasped.
Waiters converged on the Hilton ballroom carrying platters of Baked Alaska alight with sparklers. Beth sat back in her chair and closed her eyes for a moment. All week she had worried over rosary beads of possible disasters. Would Joe say something offensive about Jews in front of the Plotkins? Would Vince Fanucci be his nice or scary self? Could she pull off the little black dress Sandy lent her to wear? Even though everyone had cleaned up well and been on their best behavior, she was exhausted. 
As if hearing her thoughts, Doreen Plotkin leaned over and said, Its a wonderful party. Thanks for inviting us.
My mother brought Nik here right before she died. She said he loved the grand ballroom.
Doreen leaned closer. Nik told us all about the day he and Grammie Grace met Spiky Jeevers in Grant Park. I bet it was the same day. I wish I had met your mother.
Beth was touched. She had expected Doreen to be a typical hard-driving career woman. Instead, she was a great conversationalist, drawing everyone at the table to tell stories. 
Thank you for saying that. Ive been away a long time. To tell you the truth, I didnt know how much Id miss her.
Doreen squeezed her hand. Id love to hear more about her. You are welcome in our home any time. They sat quietly and looked out at the ballroom set in circular tables, swathed in white tablecloths, decorated with fresh flowers and candles. They ate filet and slivered carrots on gleaming white plates. Food smells mixed with expensive perfume and the clout wielded by those sitting on the dais. Beth counted a state representative, a senator and the police chief.
Cindy poked her in the ribs and whispered in her ear. Get your purse and follow me.
Where are you going? Vince asked Cindy.
Were going to powder our noses and take a look around. I dont know when Ill have the chance to come again.
Dont leave the hotel, Vince said sternly.
Beth could see why Niklas thought Vince was scary. He worries about you, doesnt he?
Cindy stepped out of her high heels for a moment. Its his line of work. 
Beth started to ask what Vince did, but Cindy darted into the gift store to buy cigarettes. I need a smoke so bad its driving me out of my mind. Come outside with me.
Vince seemed pretty adamant about you not leaving the hotel. I dont want to get in trouble.
I cant make it home without one.
You smoke more than one cigarette a day, dont you?
Its the only thing that keeps me calm! 
Beth followed Cindy as she darted between tourists and bellman to a spot on the sidewalk. It was a mild evening. Michigan Avenue was packed with symphony patrons, shoppers and a seemingly endless stream of black teenagers. 
See that glass building on the next block? It looks like its leaning forward. Lets go see it. Cindy grabbed Beths arm to navigate through the crowds. Standing in front of the Spertus College of Judaica, she ripped open a pack of Virginia Slims and stuck one in her mouth while rummaging through her purse. Dammit I cant find my lighter.
Beth was starting to get worried by the waves of teenagers taking control of the sidewalk. Even though she thought of herself as liberal, she was scared by packs of mostly black kids getting louder by the minute. She grabbed Cindy by the arm. Im sure they can give us some matches at the hotel. Wed better get back.
Cindy looked up finally. Oh my God. This is what they call wilding. I saw it on the news. Her shrill voice surfed over the surface noise, attracting the attention of an oncoming boy and girl. The husky girl was shouldering tourists off the sidewalk, playing it up for the boy. 
Evening folks, the boy said to them. Were not wilding, just enjoying the evening.
Good evening, said Beth, hoping he would see she was liberal and supported him all the way.
What brings you out on this fine night? he said, a slight edge in his voice.
Beth guided Cindy toward the Hilton. Walk a little faster.
Were here for the Angels for Peace benefit, Cindy said. Were promoting peace, especially for people like you.
The words people like you sheared off the end of the sentence like a boomerang, hitting the boy and returning to smack Beth in the forehead. At second glance, she realized the boy was a powerfully built young man. He kept pace as Beth pushed Cindy across Balbo. They were a block from the hotel. Beth was starting to wonder if they would make it.
People like me deserve to have a good night, dont you think? He walked so close to Cindy there wasnt an inch of air between them. His girlfriend walked in front as hordes of teenagers surrounded them. 
Definitely, Cindy said. She offered him her purse. Look, I have all kinds of credit cards. This is a Gucci bag. You can sell it on eBay. I wont report you.
The girl pushed them into the vestibule of a dark building. How did you get here tonight? the girl demanded, feeling her power.
We took the train, Beth said.
People like you dont take the train.
We drove, Cindy said, offering her purse again.
Wheres your car parked? the boy asked.
A dozen wilders gathered around. I dont know, Cindy said, starting to cry. The valet parked our Hummer.
Beth shuddered when Cindy said the words valet and Hummer. 
I think we can find a Hummer, the boy said.
Beth looked around for a cop, or at least a sympathetic citizen who could see what was happening. The sidewalk was under the control of black teenagers. To be fair, Beth noticed they were as busy watching her as she was watching them, perhaps a side effect of the TV age.
I bet its over on Wabash, the boy said. Lets take a walk.
Beth had to be the calm one. Cindy was hobbled by fright and her ridiculous heels. Be strong. They cant do anything to us in this crowd.
The girl was prodding and pushing them to turn west. Beth was afraid of what might happen once they left Michigan Avenue. She looked at her feet and concentrated on taking one step at a time.
Drop the purse, yelled a familiar voice. When Beth looked up, she was relieved to see Vince Fanucci. He looked taller than Beth remembered, standing ramrod straight, a gun in his hand. The teens receded like a rumor, murmuring lets go and hes got a gun.
Cindy ran to her husband and sank against him. 
Im so glad to see you, Vince. Beth said. How did you know we were out here?
I told Cindy to give up the damn coffin nails. Just guessed she was out having a smoke. Its a wise husband who knows his own wife. Lets go.
Cindy and Beth followed Vince to Kitty OSheas where Howard and Joe were waiting at the bar. The bartender set up a row of shot glasses. Vince directed him to pour them a shot for courage and one more for the road.
###
Vince Fanucci drove quickly through city streets as his passengers sat quietly, their party clothes wilted from fear-based sweat. When they were safely on the tollway back to the suburbs, Joe Larkin let out a sigh. Phew, that was a close call.
Howard Plotkin asked Vince if he knew it was illegal to carry a gun in Illinois. Vince kept his eyes on traffic. According to informed sources, that law will be changing any day. Dont worry, I have training and experience.
What do you do? Howard asked.
Im a private security consultant, assigned to a top level policy maker. You dont mind if I dont share the details. I signed a confidentiality agreement.
I bet you were in the military, Joe said. 
How did you guess?
Your posture and the way you handled the situation.
I was attached to an MP unit in the army, Vince said, passing a plodding Buick.
Thank God you were with us tonight. Joe looked at Beth and said, Im just saying, the situation could have had a different outcome.
You ladies had your phones with you, Howard said. Why didnt you call 911? Howards wife put her hand on his leg and whispered please.
Im just saying, Howard imitated Joe, if any of those youths had been armed, the outcome might have been tragic. I can see the headline in the Trib, Shootout on Michigan Avenue.
Beth examined her conscience. Even though she supported gun control, she was happy to see Vince disperse danger with the flick of a gun. 
Cindy cracked a window as she pulled out a pack of cigarettes. Does anyone mind if I smoke? Does anyone else want one?
They all stretched out their hands for a cigarette. For the rest of the ride, the cold night air caressed their faces as they smoked in relief and gratitude.
I know what would go well with a smoke, Joe said. He invited everyone inside and bustled around the kitchen, producing an instant cocktail party. He poured wine for the ladies and grabbed beer out of the back of the refrigerator for the men. In the snack cabinet he found bottles of whiskey and vodka and poured some shots. Beth went to look for the boys. They werent in Niklas room or in the basement. As she passed through the family room, Joe offered her a drink. She waved him off and opened the slider. Stepping out on the deck she heard voices. Sandy was relaying the details of the evening to a friend on the phone. Behind her, the three musketeers were sitting in the hot tub, taking in every word she said.
Beth waved at Sandy, who smiled as she moved inside to join the party.
Hi Aunt Beth, Niklas said. Why dont you join us?
Beth went upstairs to put on her bathing suit. A relaxing soak was just what she needed.
When she returned, Niklas was doing the talking, as usual. Rachel texted me about this guy named Curtis. He was shot in Millennium Park tonight. Theyre going to have a rally for him.
Cameron splashed Niklas. Why should we care about him? We dont know him. 
Izzy spoke in his patient voice. Rachel says we have to care about everyone in our world. Were all brothers and sisters. Besides, Curtis won a genius award in high school and was studying to be an engineer. 
Cameron had stopped splashing and just listened.
Izzy continued, He was our future. Curtis was going to build new bridges so everyone driving downtown will be safe.
Cameron sputtered. Its never going to be safe. My dad says you cant go downtown without a gun these days.
What do you mean? Beth asked.
He said its very dark down there, even during the day.
Why is it so dark? Nik asked.
Its the dark of the moon, Izzy said.
Beth was relieved when they changed the subject. Outside the night was cool; it felt warm and safe in the tub.
It looks like the stars are turned off, too, Cameron said.
I hear thunder, Izzy said. We better go in.
Beth let the boys get out first. The thunder continued, without lightning or rain, reminding her of the night on Taos mountain with Arturo. Beth was not one to connect the weather to Gods moods. Still, the sound she heard was an angry one, like God playing the gong, this time with two mallets. 
###
When she came inside, she checked her phone and found a message from Arturo. She went upstairs to call him.
Sorry to take you away from your family. I thought you should know whats going on in the peach orchard. We found the peach borer at the very top of the trees.
Beth had fought the pest several years ago and lost a seasons harvest of her finest fruit. Afterwards, she had contacted the University of New Mexico and learned how to combat the worm without harming the environment. 
My crew can handle it, Arturo said. I just wanted you to know whats happening. Ill get my ticket after we hang up, Arturo. Were going to have perfect peaches this year.
Text me your flight and Ill pick you up at the airport.
Walking down the hall to the bathroom, Beth saw that Niklas door was open. She looked inside and saw him sleeping with one foot flung over the side of the bed, as if he were ready to spring into action at any time.
If she left now, she didnt know when she would come back. An ache of love pierced her as she pulled the covers over him. 
###
God stepped away from the viewing screen to compose sunrise over Chicago. He selected music to inspire Him, feeling a familiar shiver as He heard day break in Ravels ballet. It was Sunday, his favorite day, the day when many of his children thought to give thanks for life. Regal purple mixed with pale pink flooded the sky as the moon retreated. He stepped back from the palette to admire his handiwork, satisfied He had matched the musics beauty. His instant of peace was ravaged by gun shots in Millennium Park. He returned to the viewing screen to see Curtis Jones, a student celebrating his graduation from IIT, slump forward in front of the Bean and die. God stared as a gang of boys fled from the scene. He mourned Curtis and his assailants, all of their lives essentially over in an instant of violence. Everyone would blame and hate the shooters, forgetting they, too, were His creation. Before they took up the gun, they were somebodys son, somebodys brother, somebodys friend.
Curtis Jones was going to be a builder of bridges, replacing his citys crumbling infrastructure. God watched as Curtis grandmother answered the phone. He held her in His love to give her the strength to hear those horrible words. She dropped the phone and said what He was thinking. Curtis Jones was not supposed to die tonight. 
God couldnt help being mad. Curtis was His masterpiece, created with as much intent as Niklas Larkin. Even though He had made a real effort to turn away from the anger He had been so famous for in biblical times, He needed to send a strong sign of His displeasure. Perhaps if He made the citizens stay inside for several days, they might meditate on the gift of life. Certainly some would take the opportunity to spend more time with their TV and computer screens. Domestic violence might even erupt as families spent more time together, but it was worth a try. Violating his policy on not interfering with the weather, He sent a flooding rainstorm to the Midwest. Thunder clapped and lightning struck terror as gang bangers and do-gooders alike had to stay inside for a week. As the waters rose, newscasters ran out of adjectives to describe bizarre sights such as boats floating on suburban streets and tunnels flooding downtown. Just so people wouldnt think it a meteorological April fools joke, God sent stinging ice pellets on Friday night to get everyone off the street. On Saturday morning, the citizens awoke to snow-filled streets and cars encased in ice. Even those born without an inch of subtlety were starting to understand the times were out of joint.

Chapter Twelve
In Albuquerque, Beth consulted with an agricultural expert at the University of New Mexico on the best way to battle the pest in her orchards. He recommended using a pesticide that would kill the worms and leave other species and humans unharmed. Timing was everything if she wanted to harvest worm-free peaches. The spraying had to start immediately, as the caterpillars emerged from their cocoons. 
Beth worked with Arturo and his crew all week, rising before dawn and working until the sun set over the Sandias. On Friday night Beth sat with Arturo outside her adobe house drinking beer while eating salsa and chips. The physical rigors of the week exhausted their conversation as well as their bodies.
I think youre going to be all right, Arturo said finally, balancing a can of Coors on his knee.
I couldnt have done it without you, Beth said. Ill pay you as soon as I can get to the bank.
Arturo shook his head. Dont worry about that right now. Just sit and enjoy the night air. One thing at a time, chica.
I try to live in the moment, but its so hard. When I was living in Chicago, I thought about being here. Now that Im back, Im worrying about Niklas.
What did you think about here while you were thinking so much?
I had forgotten how winter in Chicago is all about survival. When it was zero out in the morning, Id dream I was walking in our eternally blue skies, caressed by the warm, dry air.
Arturo finished his beer in a long swig and crushed the can. So the dry air was doing the caressing?
Beths leg buckled under her as she stood. It felt good to work with my body this week instead of sitting in front of a computer. I know Im going to pay for it.
It must be tiring to have such an elaborate set of checks and balances for everything you do. Arturo held her arm as she walked to the house. He paused on the threshold as she opened the door. She lingered for a moment and then moved away from him. His arm fell straight to his side. Arturo turned and walked to his truck.
Thanks again, Beth called out as the truck door slammed and the engine turned over.
For the next hour she sat at the kitchen table totaling receipts for the pest control and labor. Grace had left her some money, which would keep her going at least until harvest.
As she washed her face and brushed her hair, she took a good look in the mirror. Her face wasnt half bad when she smiled, although age was installing character with every wrinkle. Even though she had pretended not to hear, Arturos bantering contained a question which required an answer. As her brother Joe said, Arturo was a good man, the best she had met in years.
She left the curtain open in her bedroom so she could watch the stars as she fell off to sleep. As much as Arturo cared for her, he wouldnt wait forever. Everyone knew an attractive middle-aged man was a precious commodity. She turned in bed to the side that hurt the least and closed her eyes. Many problems waited for her on the other side of sleep; love being the most complicated.
###
On Saturday afternoon, Beth fired up her laptop. A message titled Skype? from Joe caught her eye. Her brother explained Niklas wanted to show her something he was doing at school. She called Joe as she installed the program. Soon she was able to see Niklas sitting at the kitchen table, flanked by Izzy and Cameron.
Hi Aunt Beth. How are you? Nik said excitedly.
We miss you! Cameron said as Izzy smiled steadily at her.
Im so happy to see you guys. What did you want to show me?
He turned to the side so she could see his armband. Its for Curtis Jones. Do you know who he is?
He was an engineering student at IIT. I read about him in the paper, Beth said. We just lost a brilliant mind. Another one.
Angels for Peace are going to rally for him in Millennium Park, Niklas said. He was bouncing up and down in his chair. Rachel came to school and I got to introduce her. Cameron stuck his face in front of Niklas. Were going to get a day off and ride the bus downtown.
Are you going? Beth asked Izzy as he was the only one not talking.
He nodded. Im writing a speech for Niklas.
What are you going to talk about? Beth asked.
Izzy read from a yellow pad. Im going to say its a great day for peace. We will make peace a possibility in every childs life. We will send the ghosts of Grant Park away as we create a new day. Izzy looked up. My dad said to put that part in. 
You are very eloquent, Izzy. Are you sure you dont want to speak?
Izzys a behind-the-scenes kind of guy, Nik said as Izzy nodded.
Please take pictures, Izzy. Im so proud of you boys.
Joe appeared behind them. We gotta sign off. Baseball game in a half hour.
Im pitching, Cameron yelped before the screen went dark.
Beth held the monitor for a moment, as if it could bring Niklas back to her. It was wonderful how Skype allowed her to see and hear the boys 1300 miles away. Still, the technology left her in a place between being there and not being there which produced an ineffable melancholy. 
If she couldnt be there, she was glad Niklas had Izzy and Cameron. She imagined he would never eat lunch alone. Beth went outside, hoping to leave her wistful feelings in the house. Walking through the orchard, she inspected the trees, relieved not to find signs of the peach borer. After a while she sat down with her back against a tree and relaxed in the warm air. All winter in Chicago she had dreamed of this moment. Now that she was home, she missed Nik and the family and the nonstop news that was Chicago. On Saturday nights at Joes house the boys would play games and eat snacks and stay up until they collapsed in a heap in Niks room. Beth missed them already. She cursed her restless nature as she stood and walked back to the house.
###
On Sunday morning when she was still in her nightgown, Arturo rapped at the door.
Come on boss, its Sunday, she called from the table where she was eating cereal and toast.
Arturo let himself in. He was wearing a t-shirt and shorts. Weve been working so hard, I thought we could use a soak in the hot springs. Come on, get dressed. I have everything we need in the truck.
You mean those hippie springs where everybody soaks au naturel?
Arturo laughed. My friend Paul told me about a place near the Jemez River where you can soak in the springs and then cool off in the river. Luckily for you, suits are required.
I dont know. Beth moved toward the bedroom, suddenly self-conscious about not being dressed in front of Arturo.
Lets go. Well be back to work in less than 24 hours. Carpe diem.
Ten minutes later they were in Arturos truck, driving out of the suburban sprawl of Rio Rancho to Route 550. Arid flat land gave way to the orange sandstone of the Jemez mountains. Arturo drove without speaking, a half smile curved around his lips. In less than an hour, they turned on NM 4 toward Jemez Pueblo. The outskirts were dotted with trailers, the wash hanging on laundry lines like prayer flags. The scenery soon gave way to barely inhabited bluffs.
Beth imagined the Indians who lived in the cliffs hundreds of years ago. When the Spanish arrived in the 1500's, they asked the Indians what they called themselves. They answered, we are Jemez, we are the people.
Arturo reached out and pressed two fingers against Beths neck. She looked at him curiously.
Just checking to see if your pulse is slowing down. Youve been revved up since you returned from Chicago.
Soon they were in the town of Jemez Springs. Beth remembered the famous old bathhouse next to the tiny library. 
Lets have lunch at Los Ojos, Arturo said. He rolled into the lot, parking his turquoise Tacoma next to a pink Silverado.
Sense memory led Beth through the dark bar to a wooden booth in the restaurant. It was the same table where she and Rick sat when they first moved to New Mexico in 1978. They had stopped for a beer on their way home from exploring the cliff dwellings at Bandelier. She remembered how happy they had been that day. They posed for pictures s they clambered through rooms made of rock and ceremonial kivas. Being young, Beth assumed they would always be that happy.
What would you like? The waitresses voice woke Beth from ancient memories.
Ill have what hes having.
Two Hindenburgers and two Sam Adams coming up.
Where were you? Arturo asked.
Picking out my cliff dwelling. Its hard not to think about the Indians when we come here.
A group of German tourists were getting tips from the bartender on finding the free hot springs in the park. Arturo shook his head slightly to let her know they wouldnt be soaking with them. He whispered, Ive got a reservation at the Giggling Springs. Just us.
The waitress dropped off more beers without their asking. Her ponytail was spliced with gray, trailing down the back of her tie-dye t-shirt.
It feels like its still the Seventies here, Beth said.
Nothing wrong with that. Arturo asked the waitress about her grandkids when she returned with the check.
You know someone wherever we go. Beth was surprised to find Arturo didnt belong just to her. They had met in a yoga class years ago. They were doing a trust pose when she suddenly let go and dropped him on the floor. She was worried he would be mad. Instead he laughed like a little kid. It was his openness toward life she found attractive along with his bright dark eyes and long lashes. At a group dinner one night after class, he told her his wife had died of cancer. They had five grown children. He doted on his grandchildren, especially Tito, a six-year-old who played baseball. His house welcomed a steady stream of kids, grandkids and friends. She observed him as he talked and remembered how much she liked him the first time they met. 
He turned back to her. Are you ready for the springs?
Beth hesitated. We probably shouldnt drive after 3 beers.
We can walk. Its right across the street. Holding her hand, he guided her down a gravel path next to the Jemez Mountain Inn to the Giggling Springs. Arturo went in the gift shop to check on their reservation as Beth walked down to the pool. Baskets of flowers and smiling Buddhas surrounded the turquoise waters of the pool. She slipped into the changing room and emerged in her bathing suit. Arturo was already floating in the pool. He smiled as she walked down the steps and eased her way toward him, a little wobbly from the beer. The mountains were in front of them and they were surrounded everywhere by pure blue sky.
This is beautiful.
Arturo stroked her arm. It can be beautiful all the time, if you let it.
The smell of pine needles and pinon, sulfur and chlorine overwhelmed Beth. Arturo leaned over to kiss her.
A voice rose from somewhere, deeper than the soles of her feet, deeper than the floor of the pool, deeper than heartbreak. She jerked her head back and said, AIm not ready yet. She flushed with embarrassment, sure Arturo would jump out of the pool and leave her in Jemez.
Instead, he chuckled. All right. Check your schedule and let me know when you will be ready.
###
Niklas was running so fast, his legs couldnt keep up with him. The big black bear was right behind him as he came to the cliff. 
A familiar voice said, Turn and shoot.
He tried to escape by jumping down the sheer rock face right in front of him. He made it without breaking an arm or a leg. Just when he thought he was safe, he heard panting behind him. There was nowhere else to go. If he jumped again, the fall would kill him. He was too afraid to turn and face the bear who was scrambling toward him. He wanted to scream, but just like in a bad dream, Nik could not find his voice. 
You must turn and shoot, the voice said again.
What could he use? At the beginning of the game, he had pistols, rifles and bows. Except for a slingshot, he lost everything crossing the raging river. A paw reached out and grazed his back. Niklas took the slingshot from his pocket, turned and aimed at the hairy beast. His heart was thumping louder than thunder as he pulled and shot. Peeking from his hand he saw the bear fall backwards and collapse like a building falling down.
The next thing he heard was cheers and clapping. You did it, Cameron yelled. Mr. Fanucci put his arm around Niks shoulders. Good work son. You turned and faced your fear.
###
No matter how much tidying up and fussing Beth did when she got home, she couldnt put things right. The sunburn on her pale white skin throbbed with a constant reminder of her day in the pool with Arturo. He didnt touch her again, even though she shivered whenever he came near. 
If only she hadnt allowed memories of Rick to overwhelm her as she lunched with Arturo at Los Ojos. When Arturo asked her where her mind had taken her, she lied and said she was thinking about the Jemez Indians. She was picturing the young and vital Rick who had captured her heart. When he left, her faith in the order of things never recovered. She didnt trust herself to find a good man. She tried some bad men and then she stopped trying. 
Hoping to pull herself out of her funk, she called her brothers house. Niklas answered the phone. We played big game hunter at Camerons birthday party. I killed a bear with a slingshot. Mr. Fanucci said I did great. Hes going to take Cameron and me to the shooting range!
For real? Beth immediately began to worry.
Camerons dad knows all about guns. He was on the ground in Iraq.
Be careful whatever you do. When is the peace rally?
I dont know. Here, talk to Grampa Joe.
How are things in New Mexico? Joe asked.
We went to a hot springs today.
Must be nice.
It was a hard week, Joe. I think we saved the peaches.
Glad to hear it.
Niklas says hes going to a shooting range with Vince Fanucci. Are you allowing it? 
Hes a pretty impressive guy. Hes teaching the kids how to be safe around guns. Thats not such a bad thing in todays world.
Do you have guns in the house, Joe?
You know Sandy wouldnt let me. Dont worry, we supervise the kids at all times. Theyre never alone with a gun.
Beth was quiet, not knowing what to say and feeling queasy.
Hey, sis. I love that little boy as much as you do.
I know, Joe. Its a dangerous world.
Get some rest. Well talk soon.
###
Niklas took the bullet Mr. Fanucci gave him out of his pocket and looked at it for a minute. It didnt look that scary. He placed it in the wooden box Aunt Beth gave him for his birthday. A funny guy named Kokopelli was carved on the top of the box. Aunt Beth said he was a god and a trickster. Nik remembered asking her how he could be both. She said, no one is ever all good or all bad. Just look for the good and you wont go wrong. He took off the Curtis Jones armband and put it on top of the bullet and closed the box.

Chapter Thirteen
Niklas was glad when they left the shooting range. It was loud and he didnt hit the target once. Cameron was a good shooter. He and Grampa Joe were having fun, taking tips from Mr. Fanucci. Nik watched them shoot through the hearts of targets. They would be dead if they were real people. 
When Rachel Dudek came to school, she told them guns killed 30,000 people a year in the United States. Thats why she was organizing a peace rally for victims like Curtis Jones. He rolled the word around on his tongue. A victim was just a regular person, Rachel said, who could be walking in the park one minute and dead the next.
What if someone picked up a gun and killed him, even by mistake? Grampa and Cameron and his dad were having so much fun, he couldnt tell them he was scared.
When they finished, Mr. Fanucci drove them to Red Robin. Niklas was glad they were going there so he could have his favorite strawberry lemonade. It was fun riding in the Hummer, like a tank going down the road. Cameron showed him his scorecard from target practice. I get better grades on the range than I do in school.
Mr. Fanucci pulled into a space in the back of the parking lot.
You like to park in the back forty? Grampa Joe asked.
I want to show you guys something. Can you keep a secret?
Cameron nodded eagerly and Nik went along with him.
Mr. Fanucci opened the glove compartment and took out a small box. Inside was a tiny gun. Dont think this is a toy, because its not. Its the worlds smallest revolver.
Cam leaned over the headrest. Wow, Dad, thats cool.
Mr. Fanucci turned it over in his hand. Even though this miniature looks like a toy, it has all the same features as a double action revolver.
Can I see it? Grampa Joe asked. Ive never seen such a small gun.
Vince stretched out his hand to show Joe the gun. Its from Switzerland, made with precision by the people who gave you the Swiss watch.
Can I hold it, Dad? 
Camerons dad handed him the gun and let him hold it for a minute. He touched it lovingly, like a baby. 
Its unloaded, isnt it? Grampa Joe asked.
Of course. I wouldnt let a child hold a loaded gun.
I didnt think so. Do you have guns for anything besides work? 
I like to do some hunting in the fall. I leave one for Cindy when I travel.
Why? Theres never been a homicide in Paradise Acres.
Cameron gave the gun back to Vince. Dad says we need to be ready in case the dark ones break in and try to steal our stuff.
Vince pulled him close to shush him. 
Grampa Joe persisted, You keep all your guns locked up I trust?
Mr. Fanucci took the tiny revolver and put it back in its box. Of course. No one in the house can get their hands on my guns except me. He opened the door and sprang out of his seat.
He ruffled Camerons hair. Isnt that right, pal?
Niklas noticed that Cameron turned his face to hide his expression as he said, Right dad. 
Grampa Joe asked Mr. Fanucci, Who did you want to keep this a secret from?
Id appreciate it if you didnt tell Howard Plotkin. Hes a fanatic about gun control. Of course I have a permit in New Jersey. Im just waiting for the conceal carry law to pass here. You know how lawyers are, professional nitpickers. I dont want him getting the wrong idea. I would never do anything to hurt the boys.
###
After lunch on Monday, the first graders gathered in the auditorium to rehearse for the peace rally. A podium was set up on stage. Miss Moffat asked the kids to sit in the first three rows. Then she passed out copies of the speech Izzy had written.
Niklas, please take your place at the podium.
He climbed up the step stool the janitor had placed behind the podium.
OK. We can see you. She turned toward the children. This is how it will be when we go to Grant Park. The only difference is that there will be thousands of kids from all over the city in the audience. It is a tremendous honor for our school to introduce the mayor.
A little boy wearing a bow tie with an argyle sweater raised his hand.
Yes, Carl.
I would like to make some changes to the speech.
We will talk about that after Niklas rehearses.
Cameron raised his hand.
Yes, Cameron.
AWho will be on the stage with Niklas?
There will be dignitaries from the city.
Whats a dignitary?
An important person like the mayor or school officials. Why do you ask?
When the president gives a speech, some people stand behind him. I would like to stand behind Niklas.
Miss Moffat frowned. I dont know how much room there will be. For now we plan for Izzy Plotkin to stand with Niklas. Izzy is the author of the speech. He can coach Niklas if he forgets a line.
Camerons smile crumpled a little. Were the three Musketeers. We do everything together.
Thank you for bringing that up, Cameron. Well have to give it some thought. Now for the speech. Everyone sit down and give Niklas Larkin your full attention. 
Good morning teachers, students and dignitaries. Thanks for coming out today. Im told that its sunny with no threat of gun violence. He paused for the laughs which started out tentative and grew louder as the kids realized it was OK to laugh. Seriously, its a great day to make sure kids can walk to school safely. A girl in the front row applauded and others followed. Lets keep babies safe from bullets. Let us make peace possible so every child can grow up strong. This is our time to live! 
All of the kids clapped except for Carl Novak. He shook his head and wrote notes on the speech. That was Carl. If the cafeteria served hamburgers for lunch, he preferred macaroni and cheese. The applause made Niklas feel good like the night of the talent show. Izzy was smiling at him. He looked for Cameron, not seeing him anywhere. Miss Moffat approached him on the stage. Good job, Niklas. I took some notes. We can go over them later. Do you know where Cameron is?
Maybe he had to go to the bathroom.
He really wants to be on the stage with you.
Could he be my bodyguard?
You want him there for moral support?
Sure. I dont want him to get mad and cry. Besides, we are the three Musketeers.
###
Beth crouched on the floor in childs pose, while Charles Remington lay on top of her, back to back. The pressure of his weight opened her back muscles, pushing her closer to the floor. Conversation was impossible in this pose. Beth was never sure what to say to him. Charles was an interesting character who lived in Taos. Certain Friday nights he would drive from northern New Mexico to visit friends and participate in Yoga for Singles. He was weathered and fit, somewhere between 40 and 60. Wearing a long rider coat, he looked like he had stepped out of the 1800's. Taos was the perfect place for him. New Mexicans tolerated the unusual with their trademark saying, thats how he is.
Yoga for Singles was crowded, with hardly space for a spare mat. Beth had scanned the parking lot for Arturos truck and was disappointed not to see it. She had only seen him once in the past week. He had stopped by the orchard to pay his crew, leaving before she could talk to him. He was probably avoiding her. She couldnt blame him.
The teacher asked everyone to leave childs pose and get into the warrior with their next partner. Beth slowly unfolded her torso from her thighs. As she stood, she saw Arturo smiling in front of her.
They faced each other, putting their hands on each others shoulders. They lowered their torsos until the crowns of their heads barely touched. Balancing in table pose, Beth could feel the strength of Arturos grasp. She wanted to stay there, no fear in her now or voice telling her to leave. The shampoo in his hair combined with the clean smell of his t-shirt. She sighed his name. They raised their heads to look at each other even though it wasnt part of the sequence. As Beth whispered, Im ready now, Arturos phone rang.
The teacher said, No phones in class, Arturo.
He looked at Beth, the word, Sorry, framed by his lips. Its Tito. He apologized to everyone as he walked out the door. He was hit by a baseball.
###
God sat with St. Francis at the back of the Laughter Life between sets.
You seem preoccupied tonight, Lord, St. Francis said. You didnt laugh during Jonathan Winters set. I know hes a special favorite of yours.
Ill come back to hear him again. 
God was proud of Stephen Larkins success. The club was packed every night as there was no shortage of top flight talent in Heaven. Sid Caesar shared sets with Richard Pryor, followed by Johnny Carson and George Carlin. Stephen sometimes performed the last set himself. The laughter of the crowd boosted his confidence. He dropped the standard jokes and drew more from his wild imagination.
St. Francis waited for the Lord to speak.
Theres going to be a peace rally in Chicago soon. Its a wonderful idea in theory. In practice Im afraid of what could happen.
Are you thinking of the 1968 Grant Park riots?
Its worse now. The statistics break your heart. More gun deaths in Chicago than in Afghanistan. Five hundred homicides in 2012 and many of them children. Most of the crowd will be schoolchildren brought in on buses. I dont know how to protect them. Should I just send a tornado and shut everything down?
No, Lord. You will protect them with your love. Sad to say, the ranks of the Better Angels have swelled through gun violence. You can send a battalion of angels to surround the children like cotton wool in a pill box. Its going to be beautiful day, youll see. The colors of all the souls present will mix the clouds into an Impressionist painting. Awesome music will play, never before heard on earth.
Awesome, you say? I remember when that word was reserved to describe me.
Yes, Lord. The youngsters are using it now to uplift the ordinary. We have to keep up with the times.
God paused to take in the scene St. Francis paint with words. Do you think the Better Angels are ready?
Francis beamed. Ever since you put me in charge of them, Ive been hoping for such a mission. For what did you create us, except to love and be loved? These shining spirits are more than equal to the task.
Stephen Larkin approached his Lord and St. Francis. Thank you for coming tonight. I just wanted you to know Bernie Mac is up next.
More of the Chicago connection, God said. Not even death stops it.
###
Cameron, Izzy and Niklas sat in the first row behind the driver. They were on a motor coach, much bigger and more comfortable than their yellow school bus. The boys were wearing their best long pants, blue shirts with buttons and yellow bow ties. Gramma Sandy had reminded him of the school colors when she clipped yellow tie to blue shirt.
Are you sure we should wear these ties? Izzy said. Are the rest of the kids going to be wearing them, or will we just look stupid?
Camerons lip started to quiver like when he was getting a mad on.
Cameron says they make us look smart, Niklas interjected, like Carl Novak. 
Izzy straightened his tie and nodded, knowing Nik was trying to placate Cameron so he wouldnt make a scene on the bus. 
Nik turned around and saw his classmates leaning across the rows and talking. All except Carl, who sat by himself in the last row, writing in a loose-leaf lined notebook. Nik wondered if he was still trying to rewrite the speech.
The driver parked underground where it was dark and cool. Miss Moffat stood up in front and called for their attention. The park will be very crowded today. Ill be carrying a yellow and blue flag. If you get separated, look for the flag. Parents who were there as chaperones held up their flags. Miss Moffat spoke louder as they exited the bus. Make sure to hold hands. The park is going to be very crowded. Nik tried to take Camerons hand. He insisted on keeping it in his pocket.
Nik was amazed by how many kids were in the park. They were tall and small, white and black and every shade of brown. He loved the excitement of it all. Izzy was pulling into himself. I know you dont like crowds, Nik said, squeezing his hand. Look up on stage. Were about to meet the mayor.
Rachel Dudek spoke at the podium, her red hair cascading down her shoulders. Thank you for coming today to honor Curtis Jones. His goal was to construct bridges to make our city safer. Because you are here today, you can help him build symbolic bridges. Bridges which will guarantee all children safe passage in every neighborhood.
Nik heard clapping and shouts of, Get it said, Sister! He remembered Rachel saying they were all brothers and sisters. Izzy was staring intently at the stage. Cameron had a funny look on his face like the day they went to the shooting range.
Rachel was wearing a flowered dress and her usual pink tights. We cannot spare one more Curtis. Or one more Jaden, or George or Magdalena. She pointed toward a video screen at her side scrolling names of the victims of gun violence in Chicago. 
Nik shivered as the crowd went silent. Miss Moffat led him and Izzy and Cameron up the stairs. The stage was topped with curled steel like ribbons on a birthday present. 
Rachel put her arm around his shoulders and drew him toward the podium. Now that I have your attention, Id like to introduce Niklas Larkin, a first-grader from the far northwest suburbs. He and his classmates traveled from Paradise Acres today to show their support. 
Nik saw the podium had steps inside it so he wouldnt have to use a step stool like at Paradise Elementary. He climbed them to stand next to Rachel. His stomach was seized by twists of sweet and sour stronger than any candy. It was like the night he performed at the talent show, only today he was in front of a million people. He was scared and excited. Like his baseball coach said, it was time to step up and take his best swing.
Good morning teachers, students and dignitaries. Thanks for coming out today. Its a beautiful day, sunny with no threat of gun violence. He waited for the laughs sure to come once the kids realized he was making a joke. Instead of the laughs he was craving, he heard gasps of surprise.
Looking out in the crowd, he saw a young man hurrying toward him with his arm outstretched. He was wearing a gray suit and looked like Curtis Jones. Nik heard Cameron mutter, the dark one. Either Cameron or Izzy moved behind him, he couldnt tell which one. Men as big as football players appeared out of nowhere to surround the mayor. The youth was tackled as he mounted the stairs. 
Niklas wanted to return to a minute ago when everything was fun and exciting. He read from the speech Izzy had written. Seriously, its a great day for peace. A day to keep all our kids safe. Someone moved behind him, then a pop and a thud. Cops stormed the stage and wrestled the boy who looked like Curtis Jones to the ground. Thank you for honoring my brother, he said as the cops pulled him away. Nik could see a white flower crushed in his hand. 
Cameron screamed, Izzy! Nik was afraid to turn and face his fear. When he did, he saw his best friend lying on the ground, his yellow bow tie now polka-dotted with red. Cameron was leaning over Izzy, crying. Talk to me, buddy. Talk to me pal. Niklas saw Camerons shirt was spattered with blood. In his hand was the miniature Swiss gun. Izzy wasnt moving. He would never move again.
###
God stood at the viewing screen watching the Chicago police in riot gear descending on the park. Turning to St. Francis, He asked, What happened? 
The angels were deployed throughout the park. They were everywhere except on stage.
I see. God expelled a sigh as long as time itself.
If you want my resignation, I will leave right now. I have no right to Heaven.
I will not send you to Hell, Francis and I wont let you send yourself there. You and the Better Angels have work to do. I want them on call 24/7 with the Plotkins, the Larkins and the Fanuccis.
Yes, my Lord.
Ping St. Cecilia and tell her to play the music I composed for the children. Led by teachers and other adults, the children were clearing the park. Whether they wore headphones or listened with their bare ears, all heard a singular sound. Something like classical piano traveling up and down the scale, set to a jazz downbeat with a rumor of salsa, then changing again to a calypso-infused hip hop. Even the music teacher found it impossible to describe. A baby on her mothers hip looked skyward and smiled at God. The song was exactly what love sounded like.
The music lingered in the air as the media descended on the park to cover the death of Isidore Plotkin, age six. Some of the reporters had tears in their eyes as they recounted the short life of the young genius and prodigy. 
The Tribune and Sun-Times ran a picture of Cameron crying over his friends body while Niklas stared. The front page story was titled, The 3 Musketeers. It stated that Isidore Plotkin had walked in front of Cameron Fanucci as he aimed at Curtis Jones brother. The stories noted Clement Jones was unarmed, carrying a white flower in his hand.
Talk radio hosts speculated on the fate of the Cameron Fanucci. A legal expert explained state law recognized what is called an "infancy defense" for accused juveniles under the age of 13. It assumed children can't be held responsible for a crime unless the prosecution proved otherwise. Listeners speculated whether the father would be charged for his sons access to a gun.
The neighborhoods, which had been quiet all day, erupted with six shootings, two fatal. All of the victims were children. That evening the gun-afflicted stormed the heavens with prayers. The sunset colored the sky with a frightening magnificence. Those who stayed out late swore the dark was tinged with blue as unearthly music vibrated in the air.

PART TWO

Chapter Fourteen
Beth paced the waiting area at the Albuquerque Sunport until the flight from Chicago arrived. She was excited to see Niklas and Tyler and worried at the same time. It had been scarcely two weeks since the tragedy. She had been in the orchard that morning with the workers. When Arturo drove up she hadnt thought anything of it until she saw the look on his face. Together they watched the news in frozen silence. After he left, Beth read article after article on the Internet, hoping to find a story with a different ending. Staring at the Three Musketeers picture finally made the tears fall. My boys, she cried. What did you do to my boys?
Her brother Joe called to tell her their house was besieged by reporters. Neighbors they didnt know too well came over to deliver condolences and dig for details. Beth invited Niklas to come and stay with her to distract him from the news. She read articles about how children grieved. What she didnt know was how Nik was reacting. He was awfully smart, but he was still a six-year-old boy. She faltered in her prayers for guidance. How could she pray to a god who would let this happen?
The plane arrived on time and the passengers spilled out. It was easy to separate the laid-back natives in their neatly ironed western wear from the eternally hurrying Chicagoans. Just when she thought they had missed the plane, Tyler and Nik emerged. Beth expected Nik to run up and hug her. He stayed close to his fathers side. Tyler hugged her and said, Good to see you, Aunt Beth.
She bent down to look in Niks eyes. Where there had been light and curiosity, was a guarded expression. Welcome to New Mexico, Niklas. Im very glad to see you. 
Nik was quiet as they drove from the airport to her house in Corrales. Tyler suggested he lie down for a nap. Well go exploring when you get up.
Over sandwiches and lemonade, Tyler filled her in on what was happening in the neighborhood. Mr. Fanucci lost his job because of the publicity. They want to move back to New Jersey but they cant sell the house. Mrs. Fanucci is home schooling Cameron.
How do you know all this? Beth asked. 
My mom. Shes training for a marathon, so shes out running around the neighborhood morning and night. It gives her a chance to talk to everyone.
Beth nodded. Joe calls her the mayor of Paradise Acres. Beth made Tyler another sandwich as he finished the first one in short order. What about the Plotkins? Does anyone hear from them?
Theyre pretty much holed up inside their house. Mrs. Plotkin is back at work. Mr. Plotkin spends most his time sitting on the deck. They didnt attend the block party last week.
Beth held her head in her hands. Should I call Doreen? I met her at the benefit. Shes such a nice person.
Tyler drained his lemonade. Why dont you give her some time? My moms probably the best person to talk to her now. Ill let you know.
Beth brought out a plate of chocolate chip cookies. I made these especially for Niklas. Before he gets up I wanted to ask you a question. How is his mother?
Melanie is making progress. The doctor finally prescribed an anti-depressant that doesnt make her fat. She found a part-time job and she signed up to go back to school. Shes studying geology. We should finish school about the same time.
Thats wonderful news.
It gets better. Were talking about getting married.
How wonderful for you and for Niklas!
Aunt Beth? You cant tell Nik or say anything that would get his hopes up until were sure. Hes been through so much.
Beth got up to clear the table. She put her arm around Tyler. You can count on me. Until I met Niklas, I didnt think there was anyone in the world I would love as much as you.
They heard a noise coming from the bedroom. Thats Niklas, Tyler said. He cries and makes weird noises in his sleep. Sometimes I hear him talking to Izzy.
What does he say?
Sorry, Iz. I didnt turn and face my fear. He thinks he should have protected him.
Just then Niklas came out of the bedroom. He went immediately to Tyler, sitting so close he was almost a part of his fathers body.
Tyler took a small football from his gym bag. Lets play catch. 
Beth cleaned up as Tyler took Niklas outside. Looking out the window she saw them toss the ball back and forth. Tyler stepped back each time so Niklas had to throw harder to get it to him. Beth remembered how graceful Tyler was playing soccer as a kid. He was always getting in trouble for childhood misdemeanors, yet he had a good heart and a natural friendliness. 
Beth was glad to see Nik shake off his stillness as he ran around the yard. The turquoise truck drove up and parked near the orchard. It was pay day for the workers.
Hey, Arturo, come and meet my family.
As he walked across the yard, Beth thought how he had supported her through the tragedy.
Hello Tyler. They shook hands. Arturo bent down to talk to Niklas. You must be Niklas. Your aunt talks about you all the time.
She does? 
Oh, yes. Would you like to meet my grandson, Tito? Hes about your age. He plays baseball.
I like that name, Tito, Nik said. Where is he?
Arturo whistled and a little boy with a mop of curly dark hair jumped out of the truck and ran over to him.
Niklas, meet Tito.
The boys surveyed each other, not saying anything.
Tyler said, Why dont you guys throw the football around? Aunt Beth doesnt have a bat and gloves.
Dont worry about that. We have all the equipment. Tito ran to the truck and returned with two gloves, a baseball and a bat.
Arturo walked toward the orchard with Beth. Lets leave them alone to get acquainted. I have my heart set on a juicy peach.
Theyre about ready to harvest. Can you smell the peach perfume?
Arturo picked one from a tree and held it out to Beth. She took a bite and handed it back to him. As the juice ran down their faces, she leaned over and kissed him.
When they came out of the orchard, Tyler was pitching to Tito. Niklas covered second base, ready to catch the ball. Tito hit a line drive which made Tyler duck. Nik stuck out his glove and caught the ball. Beth was glad to hear Niklas laugh for the first time since he had arrived in New Mexico.
Tylers flying home tonight because he has to get back to school. What do you suggest I do with Niklas?
Tito and I are going to Chimayo for the Feast of the Assumption. Would you like to join us?
We visited once a long time ago. I remember it being a special place. Isnt that the church with the holy dirt? 
Among other things like peace and tranquility. I grew up in that church. Listen, Tito and I are going to camp overnight on my cousins property. Well go to Mass in the morning. 
Do you have a cousin everywhere in the state?
You and the boys can sleep in the pop-up camper and Ill sleep in the truck. Well make a supply run and come back for you in a couple of hours.
###
After the death of Isidore Plotkin, St. Francis suggested God step away from the viewing screen, which was a constant reminder of the dead and the displaced. Millions of Syrian children who had started school just weeks ago were fleeing the country. Egyptians who not so long ago celebrated the Arab spring, lay in body bags on the street. It wasnt just countries at war that were burning. The Chicago papers published the number of weekend shootings like the box scores of a baseball game. A columnist wrote that gun violence was creating a world-wide diaspora filled with wandering children who had lost parents and countries in the fighting.
Francis said, Dear Lord, I know you are everywhere. Why dont you leave the viewing screen and contemplate the beauty of your creation? St. Franciss words engendered in God a sudden longing to visit the Sanctuario de Chimayo, nestled in the foothills of the Sangre de Cristo mountains in northern New Mexico. Steeped in Spanish and Indian culture, many visitors found it to be a sacred and magical place.
God grieved His dream for Niklas Larkin and Isidore Plotkin, the one He shared with Grace Larkin as she napped on the couch shortly before her death. He remember how she had smiled seeing the two boys, one light and one dark, exploding into laughter as they stood on top of the world. He made Niklas with the charisma to showcase Izzys shy brilliance. Izzy was given the capacity for deep friendship to sustain Niklas through his early losses. As entertainer and diplomat, the boys would have combined stagecraft with statecraft to persuade the world toward peace. Now Izzy was a hole in his parents hearts. Niklas was too young to understand the machinery of grief, yet he sensed the sunshine of his childhood was shot with shadows. His best friend wouldnt be meeting him at the bus stop for the first day of school. And then there was Cameron Fanucci, who would be lost without the intervention of love and forgiveness.
###
After dinner Beth walked away from camp to say her prayers. Playing with Tito was good for Niklas. They talked a little while they threw a baseball back and forth. Still, she sensed a silence within him where joy had lived. The deep blue dark surrendered to black as she listened for animal footsteps or a breeze to lift the leaves of the cottonwood. The quiet overwhelmed her so completely, she gave up the solitude she usually craved to return to the campfire.
Arturo was showing the boys how to roast a marshmallow golden brown. They slid the glorious goo between layers of chocolate and graham crackers to make a smore. Back so soon? 
The silence was spooking me. Beth got in her sleeping bag and zipped it up as if it would protect her from the world.
Arturo handed the treats to Tito and Niklas. You city folk dont know the difference between quiet and silence. Didnt you hear bugs rubbing their wings or the grass sighing?
No.
Didnt you at least hear the wind sneaking up behind you?
I told you, theres nothing stirring.
Not even a mouse? Tito giggled.
Arturo sat back and cradled his head in his outstretched arms. I suppose you were subject to a rare phenomenon called the silence of God.
You mean God has nothing to say? Niklas asked. 
Sometimes. I heard the silence when Titos grandmother died.
Beth looked at Arturo over the campfire. He had never talked to her about the death of his wife.
Mi abuela, said Tito.
What does that mean? Nik asked.
My grandmother.
My grandmother died, too. Remember, Beth?
She pulled Nik close and hugged him.
We couldnt stop crying so we had a screaming contest, Nik said.
Could we do that? Tito asked. 
I guess we wont disturb anyone out there. Finish your smores first. I dont want sticky marshmallow on everything.
The boys ate quickly and rinsed their hands with water from their canteens. Arturo led them away from the campfire to where the giant cottonwood stood. Beth got out of her sleeping bag and followed them. Niklas and Tito screamed first, scalding their voices. Then Beth and Arturo joined them, building to a fierce keening for Izzy. 
Beth turned around to see Arturo lighting sparklers. As the sputtering lights pierced the dark, their screaming rent the silence. They laughed and cried about life and death, and everything else they could not control. Soon they heard answering howls coming from the foothills.
Arturo put his arms around the boys. Lets get back to camp. The coyotes are calling. We dont want them to think were challenging their territory.
Beth cursed herself for complaining about the quiet when she heard the animals baying long after they settled down for bed. The boys werent scared, arguing about who won the screaming contest. After turning off the Coleman lantern, Beth heard Tito ask Niklas if God heard them.
Niklas considered the question before answering, Yes. I think we screamed loud enough.
After midnight Beth awoke in the middle of a dream. She took a small notebook out of her backpack and a flashlight to record what she could remember. Amid the fragments was the image of Niklas standing in a light that was not the sun amid sounds of screaming laughter.
Since she was wide awake, Beth decided to write Arturo a note. Children and jobs and the necessities of life interrupted the time they spent together. She was taking Niklas back to Illinois in a couple of days. She didnt know how long she would be gone this time. She wanted to share her feelings. All she could manage were several sincere sentences about how much she appreciated him taking care of her orchards. She ended by saying she hoped someday it would be their time and signed her name with a heart like they used to do in grade school. She would hide the note in his truck, so he wouldnt find it until she was on the plane.

Chapter Fifteen
Singing voices greeted them as Arturo led them into the church. Niklas held Aunt Beths hand in the dark and narrow place. Someone made room for them on a hard bench Arturo called a pew. Maybe that was because of the smell. Boys in white gowns were swinging metal balls around which gave the air a smoky spice. A man barely taller than him talked to everyone like he knew them. This is the day the Lord has made, he said.
How can you make a day? Niklas wondered. On the walls were wooden boards showing pictures of people wearing hats and halos. Nik whispered to Beth, What is this place? 
Its a special church. This is where Arturo grew up. He loves it here. Aunt Beth squeezed his hand and gave him the look that said, I hope youre going to be good boy. 
Nik leaned against Aunt Beth and listened to the little priest. Today Im going to ask you to forgive someone. Someone who wronged you, or took something from you, or made you feel bad.
The words reminded him of Cameron, who took away his best friend. He was surprised God wanted him to forgive the person who killed Izzy. 
Peter came to Jesus and asked, "Lord, how many times shall I forgive my brother when he sins against me? Up to seven times?" Jesus answered, I tell you, not seven times, but seventy seven times.
Nik couldnt forgive Cameron seventy-seven times. He got so mad he started to cry. Arturo took him outside. Come on, Nik. I want to show you something. They walked to the side of the church and entered a small door. There was a hole in the floor full of dirt. 
See the crutches here and the pictures on the wall? These are all people who were cured by the holy dirt.
Did you ever try it?
I took some home after Titos grandmother died. It helped me.
Niklas turned toward the wall and looked at the pictures. I wish Izzy could be here. He likes religious stuff. His uncle was a rabbi. Nik stood for a long time without turning back to Arturo or speaking. I hate Cameron for killing my best friend. 
Arturo put his hands on his shoulders. Niklas, you know that Cameron made a mistake.
Father Roca was saying we all make mistakes and we all deserve to be forgiven.
Not that kind of mistake. Nik turned and walked over to the holy dirt. 
Think about this. You and Cameron are the remaining Musketeers. You have to be Camerons friend and comfort now.
Grandpa Joe told me to put Cameron out of my mind. He spoke with his back to Arturo.
Where do I put it?
Wherever it hurts.
Nik leaned over a scooped up a small handful. He raised his shirt and rubbed some dirt over his heart.
Arturo took them to a little restaurant on the church grounds called Leonas. He ordered posole for the adults and homemade tortillas for the boys. Many of the parishioners stopped for Sunday lunch, the adults talking as the kids ran between tables to greet cousins and friends. Niklas and Tito asked to be excused. They explored the outdoor altar circled by cement benches where people were gathering for the next Mass. Then they ran up the ramp back into the small church.
Nik looked at the wooden boards with pictures on them. What are these called? he asked Tito.
They are retablos, pictures of saints.
Are saints people? 
My dad says saints are people who listen harder to hear the voice of God. They can also see into the hearts of men. Tito pointed at a saint whose heart was outside his body.
After lunch, Nik looked for toys in the gift shop, not finding any. He lingered by the wooden carvings of saints. 
Which one do you like the best? Arturo asked.
Nik pointed to a wood carving of St. Francis, little birds perched on his outstretched arms. Arturo bought it for him. 
Aunt Beth said, Thats very nice of you. It will help him remember this trip.
I want him to remember saints are people. 
Nik nodded. People who try harder. 
###
God returned to the viewing screen to see Syrian civilians felled by poison. The world debated the proper punishment for their leader. As bad as it looked, from the perspective of time, this was nothing new. The world had lurched from war to natural disaster to brief periods of peace forever. He wondered again if He should suspend free will. It was a drastic step He did not want to take. Taking everything into His own hands would make His ever-changing creation into a puppet show. Like a loving parent, He looked at all that was good and decided to give His children another chance. People had to try harder at every level of government, in churches, temples and mosques, on the road, in the office and at the dinner table. Man had to strive to do the hard work of loving each other constantly.
Before returning to the viewing screen, God took a moment to bless the passengers in Arturo Cervantes turquoise truck as they returned to Albuquerque newly inspired and carrying little bags of holy dirt. 
###
Tuesday morning Beth woke Niklas early for the flight to Chicago. They hurried to the Albuquerque Sunport only to find the flight to OHare was delayed due to weather in Chicago.
They walked up and down the corridors looking at people selling turquoise jewelry and wood carvings out of colorful carts. Beth could tell Niklas was getting bored and bought him an extra book to read on the flight. 
Izzy had this book. He leafed through the pages without reading. Aunt Beth? Do they have schools in Albuquerque?
She turned toward him, knowing what was coming next.
Why cant I go to school with Tito? He said I could play on his baseball team.
Beth put down her magazine. Wouldnt you miss your school?
I dont want to get on the bus.
She followed his thoughts as he imagined himself at the bus stop, the playground and the basketball hoop without Izzy.
Grampa Joe and Gramma Sandy miss you like crazy. They call every night and want to know when youre coming back.
Nik stared at the book without seeing it. 
Beth spoke quietly. I know you miss Izzy. No one will replace him. You have to keep him in your heart and go on.
We had plans, Nik said. We were going to get on YouTube again to talk to kids about guns. Who will write the speech?
Ill help you. I dont know if I should say it this way, but sometimes life is really hard. If we try hard and keep hoping, it can change into something better. Just think, youre going to be seven on your birthday. You wont be a baby anymore.
I will be a full grown boy. 
Beth laughed. That may be, but you will always be my little man.
He slammed the book shut as if he were closing the conversation. Do you think Mom will be at my birthday party?
I think she has at least one surprise for you.
Nik brightened. He put the book in his backpack and stood up. Im hungry. Lets go to the cowboy breakfast place.
Beth wondered what he meant. She followed his gaze to a group of men in western hats walking toward a restaurant. Sure, lets go.
The waitress asked Niklas if he wanted red or green chile on his eggs. He considered and asked for red. When she returned with the eggs he ate every bite.
Beth asked, How do you like the chile? Its a New Mexico specialty.
I like it. I asked for red because its my favorite color. Can I try some green? He sneaked a look at the cowboys who were busy eating eggs smothered with red and green chile.
He put a spoonful on his scrambled eggs and took a bite. I like green, too.
That makes you an official New Mexican. You know you are welcome here. Think of it as your second home.
Look, the cowboys all have a separate chair for their hats. 
Beth watched him studying the men and felt her heart bubble up with love. An announcement came over the PA system that their flight would board in half an hour. They were definitely bound for Chicago. Leaving New Mexicos easy-going ways would be hard, especially as autumn announced itself in groves of quaking aspens turning yellow like a second mellow sun. OHare would be a shock to her nervous system. She turned to Niklas and said, Finish up and follow me. She led him to a store where they sold Western hats.
He picked out a black one and admired himself in the mirror from every angle. This is perfect, he said with a big smile.
It is perfect. More than the hat, she meant every moment with him. When they were together, the world was the right size.
###
Niklas pretended to sleep under the blue Bears blanket so he could listen to the adults talk.
Are you sure comedy is the right activity for Niklas right now? Aunt Beth was calm when she talked to him. When she talked to Gramma Sandy and Grampa Joe, she had a violin in her voice. You know, Sandy, hes still mourning Izzys death in his own way. He talked to me about it in Albuquerque.
Sandy put down the front section of the Tribune. Nik is good at comedy, a natural mimic. He and Izzy were planning to take this class together for a project they were cooking up.
Beth remembered what Niklas said about getting back on YouTube. Youre thinking of it as a tribute to Izzy. Now I understand. Youll have to forgive me. I just worry about that child all the time.
We all want the best for him.
Nik squirmed under the blanket, hoping they didnt see him move.
Have you talked to Izzys parents?
I see Doreen when shes walking the dog.
I didnt know they had a dog.
Doreen bought it to keep Howard company when shes at work.
He hasnt found a job?
No, hes so despondent he sits in the house all day. I go out for a jog when I see Doreen so I can manage to run into her. She said she keeps herself busy all day. Her job is very demanding. She cries herself to sleep every night.
Nik had never seen a parent cry. He shifted under the blanket. Gramma Sandy gathered him up in her arms and carried him to the stairs. Tomorrows a big day. You better get some sleep. 
###
Niklas noticed he was the only one to wear a cowboy hat to comedy camp. The teacher, Guy, asked him to take it off before he joined the circle. He remembered the cowboys at the airport and put it on a chair. Guy was skinny with a narrow beard and a ponytail. There were two girls, Lissa and Carson and a boy named Tristan in the circle.
OK kids, today youre each going to pick a character and tell jokes as that character. Niklas here is going to be a character named Cowboy Steve. What about you, Tristan?
I want to be a baseball player.
The girls chimed in, I want to be a princess.
Only one princess is allowed, Guy said.
The tiny girl with pigtails said, Then Ill be president.
All right. The way this works is Ill give you two jokes each. Youll rehearse for ten minutes. Try to crack each other up as much as possible. At 5:00 you will get up on stage and make us all laugh. Guy walked over to the computer, Googled some jokes and printed them. He handed a joke sheet to each of them.
As they rehearsed, giggles came from the girls and louder laughs from the boys. At 5:00 Guy called them to the practice stage. Who wants to go first?
Niklas volunteered. He put on his black hat as he approached the stage, rolling from the hips in a cowboy amble. He tipped his hat to the ladies and notched his thumbs in his pockets. Why did the cowboy ride his horse? He waited for a moment and said, It was too heavy to carry.
The kids laughed and Guy nodded.
Warmed by the applause, he took a short turn around the stage before facing his audience again. Imitating a drawl, he said, Why did the cowboy thief take a bath before every stickup? Pausing, he winked at the girls. He wanted to make a clean getaway!
Niklas remembered how happy he was at the talent show when everyone laughed. Guy stood and led Nik from the stage. That was a good start. Next time well hear from the princess, president and baseball player. Before your parents get here, I want you to find a beanbag chair and sit down. I call them inspiration stations. Lean back and think about your characters.
Nik found a red beanbag at the back of the room. As he was thinking of jokes for Cowboy Steve, a small old man in a blue sweatshirt swept the floor in front of him. You did a good job out there, kid. Comedy isnt just about saying funny stuff. You have to be funny with your body, the way you hold yourself. Of course, you have to be funny in your mind.
What does that mean?
You cant just stand there and say the words. People are going to be like, so what? You have to own the stage by the way you walk and the way you talk to the audience. Got it? 
I think so. When you make someone laugh, why is it called cracking up?
The man leaned on his broom. Because cracking a joke creates room for a new idea.
Nik pictured sliding a message into a crack in someones head. The old man looked like the guy stuck in a frame at Great Grammies house. Who are you? Nik called, but the funny little man had swept his way across the room and disappeared.
###
Stephen Larkin returned to Heaven to manage the evening show at the Laughter Life. God and St. Francis were at their usual table in the back.
How was Niklas first day of school? God asked.
He was a little lost without Izzy. The comedy camp was good for him.
How did he perform?
I liked what I saw. He has the gift of stealth humor. He sneaks up on a joke rather than nailing it to the wall.
You mean he suggests something funny and lets the audience get the joke? St. Francis asked.
Exactly. For an innocent child, he knows how to cut his jokes with the knife edge of satire.
Thank you for your report, Stephen, God said. During the next class well lift the veil so he can learn the secrets of comedy geniuses. Your job, Stephen, will be to guide your great-grandson to lift a mirror to the world.
I would love to bring the Larkin humor to the world after all these years, Lord, Stephen said.
###
After class Nik went home and found Grampa and Gramma raking leaves in the yard. Hi Nik. We bought you a little rake so you can help us. 
Nik trudged to the back yard. He raked some leaves but it was boring. He started throwing a baseball against the shed in the back of the yard. That was boring too. He threw harder and harder until the ball bounced over his head, hit the ground and rolled downward to the creek. He heard a shout and went to investigate. A boat was speeding down the creek, chased by a squealing Cameron Fanucci.
Nik considered running back to the house. He hadnt seen Cameron since the day Izzy died.
Dont go, Niklas.
Nik noticed Camerons front tooth had grown in and he was no longer lisping. You got a buzz cut.
My hair got in my eyes when I shot Izzy. I never want to have hair again.
Is that your boat? 
My dad got it for me. Want to try the controls? Cameron made the boat speed away from them. Another click brought it back. If you press this button it dives like a submarine.
It was the coolest toy hed ever seen. He was dying to play with it. Cameron showed him how to make the boat dive and then handed him the controls. 
Grampa Joe was yelling for him to come in for dinner.
I could get one for you if you want.
I better go.
Cameron blocked his path to the house where the lights were on and dinner was cooking. Im sorry, Niklas.
Nik knew he was talking about Izzy. He wanted to away from Cameron and the bad feeling in his stomach. The little priest said you have to forgive when people ask. He felt a soft tap on his shoulder like the day when he started to beat up Cameron in the basement.
Something guided him to touch Cameron on the head. I forgive you. Cameron looked like he was about to cry. Nik handed him the controls to the boat. OK. Now let me go eat dinner. As he ran up the hill he heard Cameron shout. Come back tomorrow after school.
Nik was nearly out of breath when he turned around and yelled, Ill ask Gramma.
### 
Beth was back working for Sandys friend. She had learned enough about the database last time around to complete routine tasks. As tiring as it was to stare at a computer screen all day, she had to pay her way. She couldnt sit around Joes house waiting for Niklas to come home from school.
One night after work an unfamiliar car was parked in the driveway. Rachel Dudek was standing on the porch talking to Joe. He stood with his arms crossed, shaking his head. Beth hurried to rescue her friend. Hi, Rachel. Its good to see you. Take a walk with me to the reservoir. The colors are beautiful.
Rachel was wearing a plain black dress with pink tights. Nice talking to you, Joe.
Towering clouds deepened into purple as they walked. Many of the homes were decorated for Halloween even though it was weeks away.
It gets dark earlier every night, Rachel observed. 
So what were you talking to Joe about?
Angels for Peace has a new initiative. I want the people in your neighborhood to know about it. 
Theyre still in shock about Izzy Plotkin, Beth said gently. They were deep into the marsh now, cattails and prairie fronds swaying in the freshening wind. Beth wondered whether to tell Rachel to back off her mission. She doubted the young woman would hear her. Barking on the far edge of the pond intruded into her thoughts. Two distant figures and a dog were walking their way. Beth recognized Howard Plotkins curly hair. Her stomach boiled anticipating the encounter. Rachel was so caught up in her causes, she didnt understand Howard blamed her for his sons death. Maybe we should turn back. Its starting to get cold. 
Walking keeps me warm. Lets keep going.
The Plotkins golden retriever ran toward them. As she patted him, Doreen and Howard approached.
Beth launched a stream of pleasantries while propelling Rachel past the Plotkins.
Rachel pushed her arm away. Howard, Doreen, I never got to tell you in person how sorry I am for what happened. Would you join my new initiative, Angels for Peace? Its a tribute to Izzy.
How interesting, Doreen said, forcing a smile.
My son doesnt need a tribute. He needs to be in second grade. Howards words were steeled with anger.
Rachel started to cry. Forgive me. Im trying to turn your loss into something positive. Come to the high school Friday night.
We better go, Doreen said, her arm tight around her husbands shoulders.
Beth looked at the sky to see what God had to say, but the vivid purples and pinks had run to black.

Chapter Sixteen 
Sandy ordered pizza on Friday night so they could eat in a hurry before the rally. Beth joined them in the kitchen after work.
Taking a slice of pepperoni and a slice of cheese, Joe said, I dont know why we have to go to a peace rally. Its not like we have a gun problem in Paradise Acres. Why cant we go straight to the football game?
Niklas burned his tongue on a hot piece of cheese. Grampa. Arent you forgetting Izzy?
That was a mistake. A very bad mistake, but still a mistake. Fox News says the gangs in Chicago and guns coming in from Indiana are causing the problem.
Sandy cleared the plates, rinsed them and put them in the dishwasher. Children are being killed. We have to stay informed. Besides, everyone is going tonight.
Joe mumbled, As long as I can go to the football game afterwards.
Can I go? Niklas asked.
No. You and Aunt Beth will stay home and play games.
Niklas pouted. I love football.
Joe laughed. Maybe you can play some day, like I did.
Sandy laughed. Grampa loves to relive his glory days.
Ive been playing golf with Geoff Murphy. His son, Keenan, is one of the stars this year.
You know Geoff Murphy, the NRA lobbyist? According to the scuttlebutt, thats who Vince Fanucci worked for until the incident. 
Nik laughed at the word scuttlebutt.
Murphy told me the truth about guns and the murder rate. Facts they dont mention on your liberal news station. Joe glared meaningfully in Beths direction.
Sandy slammed the dishwasher door. We better go. Thanks for watching Niklas tonight.
After they left, Beth slid Niks favorite movie into the DVR.
I dont feel much like watching a movie tonight.
Would you like to read a book?
Nik crossed his arms.No books and no games.
Do you want to go to bed?
We should go to the rally.
Do you know how mad Gramma and Grampa would be if I took you?
Gramma said its very important. I could do a report for school.
Nik, youre making this very hard for me.
Dad showed me a secret hiding place in the gym. We can watch the rally from there. No one will see us.
Maybe you do have a right to go. A gun has changed your young life.
He lunged to hug her. You have to promise you wont tell anyone and I mean anyone.
They sneaked in a side door as the rally was getting started. The gym was a sea of blue and yellow, the school colors. Most of the participants were stopping at the rally on their way to the football game. Nik guided her to a pile of wrestling mats which reeked of the sweat from ancient matches. 
Rachels voice sounded shrill through a microphone. My friends tell me tonights game is big. If you win you will go to state. Go team!
Next came a reluctant cheer. Rachel was no match for the menacing level of testosterone in the air. 
Look, we all know something has to be done about guns. Our children arent safe in school. Think about that. Remember when your biggest worry was whether you studied enough for the history test? Children today have to worry about losing their lives.
Beth hoped the ensuing silence meant people were listening to Rachel. 
We have to turn our concern into a political movement. One that will elect public servants in favor of gun control. 
Rachel ignored the rumble of disagreement which greeted her reasoned arguments. What I am proposing is a campaign led by children. Children who will go door to door to ask their neighbors to vote for sanity and peace. The grumbling escalated to catcalls.
Thank you for listening to me, Rachel said. Guns are in our schools. Children are being hurt. Are we going to remain polarized by politics? Will you join me to save lives? 
Nik asked Beth to explain what Rachel meant. She lifted her finger to her lips.
See me at the sign-up table outside the gates after the game. Thanks again and go Pumas!
She whispered, Well stay here until the gym empties out. Then well sneak out and go home.
Nik pushed his luck. Cant we go to the game? 
She pushed him gently out the back door while the crowd surged out the front.
###
God sent a band of Better Angels to Rachel Dudeks rally, fearing even the discussion of gun control could lead to violence. The angels fanned out to every section, sending vibrations of love to those who seemed the angriest. After the rally concluded without incident, guardian angels Michael and Gabriel asked if they could stay for the game. They had been stationed at the school for classes and on bus duty, but they had never seen a football game. God told the remaining angels to spread out and cover as much of the stadium as they could. 
Michael and Gabriel alighted atop the home teams bleachers. In front of them were parents, grandparents, little brothers and sisters chatting with other families as they checked glowing screens. Families wrapped in blankets sipped a brown libation dotted with fluffy white globules. Some attached half chairs to the benches. Behind them was a booth where a man with a microphone told everyone what was happening between deafening scraps of sound. The angels were happy to listen to him as they didnt understand football at all. 
The cacophony from the press booth was louder than God banging the gong on his angriest day. What is that insanity of noise? Gabriel asked Michael. 
I think they call it heavy metal. 
Gabriel watched the band enter in their sharp uniforms and peppy gait. Michael enjoyed the pageantry of the team taking the field. The football players crashed through a hoop with the team colors to cheers and screams. Team members ran in concentric circles, greeting each other with a slap of the hands. Both of the angels liked the band music better than the metal music. They exulted to anthems unrestrained by walls, rising skyward to excite the night.
A boy in uniform climbed the bleachers carrying a musical instrument case. He stopped for a moment and looked over the crowd before entering the press both. Michael wondered why he wasnt with the band playing on the field. Perhaps the he climbed high , to bring his music closer to Gods ear. 
Michael and Gabriel had been stationed in front of the stage the day Isidore Plotkin died. They apologized to God for not keeping the little boy safe. God told them all they could so was spread love, the only true protection. His children would have to take responsibility for their actions.
Gabriel gazed at a yellow gingko tree shining under a light standard. Gods signature was truly in everything. Michael watched the players returning to the field. He liked the game but was afraid of what could happen in a crowd where everyone was on edge.
The game started. The players approached their opponents like young gladiators. They hit each other with shoulders and elbows, cheered on by ferocious screams from their mothers. Bodies fell. One was dragged from the field and draped in bags of ice. The man in the booth said something about helmets hitting helmets. A father sitting in front of the guardian angels murmured the word concussion. 
All eyes were on the star, Keenan Murphy. The free safety had an uncanny knack of anticipating and arriving in advance of every play plotted by the other team. Early in the game, he intercepted the ball and ran for a touchdown to the loudest roar the angels had ever heard from humans. Before the second quarter was over, he scored again. In Ancient Rome, Gabriel thought, Murphy would have carried been from the field in a litter.
Half-time was Gabriels favorite. Girls with pompons danced and smiled as the band took the field. A majorette wearing a feathered plume led the band in rousing song from atop a ladder. Michael watched a little boy in front of him drink from a large cup of frothing brown liquid. His hands slipped and he dropped the elixir through an opening in the stands.
From far below, a girl squeaked, Dude!
After the festivities, the opposing team made two quick touchdowns to even the score. The mood in the stands turned menacing. Late in the game, the quarterback for the other team threw a long pass. Somehow Keenan Murphy got in the way of the intended receiver. He was far off the ground in the end zone with his arms outstretched, a portrait of physicality which reminded Gabriel of Da Vincis work. 
For a moment, the field was quiet as everyone watched Murphy. Then a burst of the damnable metal music rang out, causing a melee of the senses. It was so loud, little children clapped their hands over their ears in pain. In a warp of time, everything happened at once; the interception, the roar of the crowd and the fall of a boy.
Michael turned to see the boy from the band standing alone in the press box. He held not a trumpet, but a rifle with a muzzle on the end. When he squeezed the trigger, a bullet flew toward Murphy like a mute musical note. The ball fell from his hands as his body tumbled to the ground. When he didnt accept a hand from his teammates, a high-pitched voice shouted, Murphy is down. Keenan Murphy is down. 
The fans were confused as no player had been close enough to tackle the boy. The metal music started up again. Keenan Murphy was taken on a stretcher to a waiting ambulance. Only Michael saw the boy turn the gun on himself. Finally, a father coming up the stairs looked into the press box and understood what had happened. He screamed for help. Parents and security stormed the press box.
A band member texted his mother in the stands. Keenan shot. Going to hospital. The word got around. Fans pushed each other in their haste to exit. The remaining angels positioned themselves between opposing fans. The stadium cleared out in minutes.
On the empty field, a beautiful blonde girl with curls like a cherub raised a horn. Gabriel recognized the song which God composed for the children in Millennium Park. It was a lovely mix of every kind of music, filled with love and joy. A musician who had been present when Izzy was shot had picked the notes from the air and composed a song called Too Soon. The music pierced Michael like an arrow. Children were dying too soon and he had been unable to help. He glanced at a child looking at her tablet. A headline had already hit the Tribune, Shining Star Shot in Paradise Acres. 
Gabriel hurried Michael to the parking lot to put out any fires there. The families looked straight ahead as they piloted their war wagons home, flags flying the colors of their chosen teams.
###
Nik took the pencils Rachel gave him and arranged them in a cup next to the petition. I hope everybody signs it.
Me, too, Rachel said. 
The mood was pretty tense in the gym, Beth said.
Yeah, Nick said. I couldnt see peoples faces but I could hear them booing.
He is wise beyond his years, Rachel said.
Nik could tell Rachel was talking to Beth over the top of his head. He was used to it. Grampa and Gramma did it all the time. He listened even if he didnt know all the words they used. 
A couple of high school girls came out together, talking on their phones and giggling.
Whos winning? Nik shouted.
They looked at him for a second and then back at their phones.
Where are we going after the game? Nik asked.
Straight home, Beth said.
Nik took a pencil out of the holder and wrote his name on the petition. I wish we could all be the same age.
What do you mean? Aunt Beth asked.
Rachel laughed. He means we could all be adults together and go out for pizza after the game.
Yeah, Nick said. Or we could all be kids and take the bus to school together.
Beth hugged him. Remember, no matter how old you are, you will always be my little man.
A rush of people streamed from the stadium. They looked scared. What happened? Nik asked a teenager. Did we lose? 
They shot Murphy!
The trickle of exiting spectators turned into a tide. Some stopped to sign the petition, saying, not here, not now, not my child.
Nik saw Joe and Sandy coming toward them. Grampa and Gramma! Were over here!
Joe barreled toward the table, arms and legs pumping. What were you thinking? he said to Aunt Beth. When she didnt reply his voice got louder. As usual you werent thinking! 
Grampa, why are you yelling at Aunt Beth? Niks stomach pounded. He was afraid he was going to throw up.
She could have gotten you killed. Grampas words shot out of his mouth like bullets. He scooped Niklas into his arms.
Nik kicked his legs but couldnt get free. Grampa, please. It was my idea. Dont be mad at Aunt Beth.
Grampas face was a red as a fire truck. She should know better. Gramma Sandy followed them to the parking lot.
Grampa practically threw him in the back of the van. He had never seen him so mad. Nik looked back toward the stadium. He couldnt see Aunt Beth anywhere. Gramma Sandy talked to him softly as Grampa inched toward the exit. Nik cried so hard Grampa Joe had to stop the car. Gramma got in the back seat with him. She cradled his head in her lap until they got home.
###
Gramma Sandy sat on his bed until he stopped crying. She read Curious George several times, distracting him with the monkeys antics. Then she tucked him in with his teddy bear and a couple of Hersheys Kisses.
Amazed, he asked, Can I eat candy in bed?
Just this once, Gramma said. Dont tell anyone but I sneak some after a tough day.
Nik lay back on his pillow. He removed the silver foil from the Kiss. This was a tough day, Gramma. When is Aunt Beth going to come home?
Gramma smoothed the hair off his forehead. I dont know dear. You get some sleep.
Grampa was so mad he was scaring me. He was yelling at his sister.
Just remember, families can disagree. They can even fight. It doesnt mean they dont love each other.
After Gramma left the room, Nik sat up so he could stay awake until Aunt Beth got home.
He would hear her as her room was right across the hall. Finally, he leaned his head against Teddy and fell asleep. When he awoke later it was still dark out. He had kept the drapes open like Aunt Beth did so he could see the moon. It was a skinny sliver in the sky.
In the hall he heard Grampa Joe talking to Aunt Beth. He got out of bed and opened his bedroom door a crack to listen. They were standing at the top of the stairs. 
Joe, Im sorry about what happened tonight. Is there any word on the boys condition? Beths voice was soft and low.
The coach texted me. Keenan was dead before they reached the hospital. 
Im so sorry. They said he was a shining star.
Nik saw Aunt Beth put her arm around her brother.
This wasnt supposed to happen here, Grampa Joe said.
Nowhere is safe anymore. Lets say a prayer for his family.
For all of us.
Nik was relieved Grampa and Aunt Beth werent mad at each other. He felt bad about Keenan Murphy, a kid so big and tough nothing could beat him, except a gun. He hugged Teddy and closed his eyes tight. 

PART THREE

Chapter Seventeen
Camerons mom dropped him off at comedy camp just as Niklas was coming in from the playground. It was starting to rain. Ill wait for you in the car, she yelled as she closed the windows. Soon she was talking into her pink phone. 
Nik showed Cameron the room was and pointed out the teacher. His name is Guy.
The skinny man said, You must be Cameron. Take a seat in the comedy circle. How do you feel about baseball players?
Good, Cameron said.
You can take over Tristans spot. He transferred to peewee lacrosse. Guy handed Cameron a sheet of paper. Why dont you try the baseball player jokes on us?
Cameron looked a little shaky. He put one hand in his pocket and lifted the page to his nose with the other hand. What do you get when you cross a baseball pitcher with a carpet? He stared at the girls as if he were daring them to laugh. A throw rug. The girls giggled so he tried another. Where does a baseball player go when he needs a new uniform? New Jersey. Everyone laughed at that one. 
It was raining hard outside, making Nik feel like he had to go to the bathroom. He raised his hand. Guy nodded at him. He walked down a hall that seemed very long with no kids in it. The bathroom was full of weird echoes so he hurried. As he finished, the lights went out. A little light sneaked through the door from the hall. He washed his hands like Gramma Sandy told him, but didnt take the time to dry them. He slammed the door and whistled a happy tune to feel safe. The hallway was full of gray clouds and the air seemed wet as if the storm had moved inside.
Hey, kid, a familiar voice called. Im over here.
The clouds parted to reveal the janitor who had talked to him last time.
Oh, hey, Nik said. Is it raining inside?
He swept in front of Nik in small circles. Just one of Gods special effects. Nothing to worry about. Hows comedy camp coming?
I like it.
I heard you delivering some jokes your teacher gave you. Theyre so old I kicked the slats out of my crib the last time I heard them. When are you going to write your own material?
I hardly know how to write. How can I write funny?
The janitor continued to sweep in circles. Its how you look at something that makes it funny. They say write about what you know. What do you know best? 
Grampa and Gramma, Nik said without thinking.
The man brandished his mop like an exclamation mark. Now were getting somewhere. Ill let you in on a little secret. My grandparents raised me, too. You would have liked Grandfather. He seemed serious, but he was the funniest man I knew. Lets see, he would be your great, great or would it be great, great, great grandpa.
The older they get, the greater they are!
You got it. Would you like to hear a bit Im working on for my comedy club?
Sure.
Heres the set up. Is there anything funny about burnt toast?
Nik considered. Not if youre going to eat it.
My grandparents had a running gag about it. They were the masters of sarcasm.
Whats sarcasm?
Youve heard of poking fun?
Nick nodded earnestly.
Sarcasm is poking fun with words. Acting like youre mad when youre really not. Being serious in order to make fun.
Nik noticed a beanbag chair which wasnt there before. He sat down in it.
Every morning Grandfather would ask me and my uncle and aunts if they would like his special toast. He flipped the broom so the bristles appeared behind his head and spoke in Grandmas voice. You make that yourself, Harry, and eat it yourself.
He spun around and switched the broom to show Grandfather was talking. You will all regret missing out. Now watch while I stab a piece of bread with a fork and hold it over the flaming gas jet until both sides catch fire. Once thoroughly blackened, I remove it to the sink where I scrape off the scales. Are you sure I cant interest you in this delicacy?
No one wants toast? The trouble with you people is you dont know whats good for you. My toast not only aids in digestion but also sweetens the breath. He stood waiting for the imaginary family to accept the burnt offering. If you all want to grow a field of ulcers in your innards, and waltz through life smelling like yesterdays garbage, that is your privilege.
He flipped the broom and Grandmother spoke. Oh, enough of you. Burnt toast and raw meat. Youve got the taste of a cannibal. The next thing we know youll be having us chew raw rice because its good exercise for the gums.
Nik laughed and clapped his hands. They remind me of my gramma and grampa. 
During the story, the gray clouds had stretched and lightened until the hallway looked normal. Youre so funny, Stephen.
He stopped moving and stared at Niklas. You know who I am?
Sure. I saw your picture at Great Grammies house.
Youre a smart kid. The more time you spend in school, the smarter youll get. He looked at a gold watch on a chain he drew from his pocket. I better skedaddle.
Do you have to leave right now? You could listen and see if Im funny.
Oh, youre funny all right. Your hearts in the right place, and thats what matters.
Nik touched his sweater and located his heart, like when he said the Pledge of Allegiance. I saw you in Heaven, Stephen. You were the guy who told me to take care of Great Grammie until you could be together again.
Stephen winked as he walked away with his quick step. 
Did I do a good job? Nik yelled, afraid he was losing Stephen. The small man looked smaller as he disappeared down the hall. 
Say hi to Grammie for me!
Stephen was gone. He counted on his fingers the others who had left: Grammie, Spiky, Izzy, Curtis and Keenan. His stomach started to ache again. He opened the bathroom door in case he had to throw up. He went to the sink to splash water on his face like they did in the movies. The light was out again and all he could see in the mirror was an outline of his head. Without a face, he could be anybody. Luckily, he didnt feel like throwing up. 
He hurried back to the classroom. Cameron was sitting next to Lissa. Carson was telling jokes on the little stage. Why can't Cinderella play soccer? Because she runs away from the ball. Cameron tried to hold Lissas hand. She brushed it away while smiling at him. 
Guy clapped. You guys are getting the hang of it. Next time youll compete to see who is funnier. The teams will be Lissa and Carson, vs. Cameron and Niklas.
Cool, Cameron said. Boys vs. girls.
###
The Saturday before Thanksgiving, Grampa Joe and Aunt Beth took Niklas and Cameron to a pumpkin patch. Gramma Sandy couldnt go with them because the Neighborhood Hospitality Committee was meeting. As president, she had to run the meetings. Today they were getting ready for the annual holiday parade.
The boys played Angry Birds on Camerons tablet while Joe drove to Sanders farm. Joe made jokes for the boys, but Beth could tell something was bothering him. Did you get some bad news this morning?
I ran into Geoff Murphy at Starbucks. He spoke in a hush so the boys wouldnt hear him.
It seems Keenan befriended the kid who shot him in grade school. Neal Tompkins was so shy he had no friends. Keenan would eat lunch with him in the cafeteria when no one else would. Joe braked short at a stoplight. He threw his arm in front of his sister so she wouldnt hit the dash.
Sorry. Keenan lost track of him until high school when Neal turned up in Keenans English class. They read The Great Gatsby which Keenan told Neal was his favorite book. Apparently Neal went out and bought the movie. He tried to give it to Keenan in the cafeteria in front of the football players. No one is completely sure of the details. One student said Keenan took the movie and another said he pretended not to know Neal. One student claimed a football player called Neal a fag in front of everyone.
What a sad story, Beth said, wiping tears from her eyes. Can you imagine being the outcast all the way through school?
Joe pulled into the parking area at the farm. Thats one way to look at it. Another is to admit some people are bad and they do bad things.
Cameron opened the door and jumped out. Whats a fag, Grampa? Nik asked.
You better catch up with Cameron. Well meet you in the pumpkin patch.
The door slammed. I was trying to be quiet so the boys wouldnt hear that story.
I dont think Cameron did. Hes a little hyperactive.
Niklas heard. I dont want him to miss his childhood with all thats going on around him.
Beth pulled a wool scarf around her neck. The day was bright and hopeful, but only thirty degrees. You gave Niklas a family when his father was away and his mother was sick.
Joe looked away, dismissing her attempt to focus on feelings. She didnt blame him; it was a family trait.
Listen, I need you to set up a meeting with Rachel Dudek.
What about? Cameron and Niklas were running toward them.
Ill tell you later. Meet me Thursday night on the walking path at 4:30.
It will be cold. I can make dinner at home and we can talk.
We need money to take a pony ride, Nik said.
Joe handed Niklas some money. You boys run ahead. They turned and ran, legs pumping.
Reading her brothers face, she knew he was done talking for now. All right, mums the word.
### 
When Gabriel and Michael arrived in Heaven, God was painting a picture of Keenan Murphys last moment on earth. Poised in the end zone, Keenan was a picture of grace, stopped in mid-movement. The angels prostrated themselves before Him in a whoosh of feathered wings. 
Arise angels. Let me know if I have it right.
Yes, Gabriel said. With his arms outstretched, Keenan isnt catching a football, but the glory of God.
What about you, Michael?
I am still so sorry, Father. If only I had been more vigilant, Keenan Murphy would be heading to the championship.
Bring in St. Francis, St. Cecilia and St. Matthew. The Lord knew St. Matthew was most famous for his authorship of the Bible. He wondered how many knew him as the patron saint of accounting.
Matthew, God asked, how many gun deaths have there been in the United States since the Sandy Hook tragedy?
Over 32,000, my Lord. Almost 90 a day.
Perhaps we need to take bolder measures, St. Francis spoke up. What about creating a new saint to do your work on earth?
Who do you suggest?
I was thinking of Niklas Larkin, Father. He has a winning way to make people listen and he is still young enough that his heart is full of innocent love.
God walked with heavy feet around the firmament. I make people. Churches make saints.
St. Francis persisted. But Father, we need a miracle.
Mankind will have to provide it. If I send in a saint, people will think only saints can change the world, that only saints can aspire to saintliness. Everyone needs to be a saint.
St. Cecilia brought in the mothers choir while God and St. Francis spoke. Under her tutelage, the heavenly choirs had split into specialty groups. The mothers choir was made up of women who had lost children to gun violence. At a nod from their director, the mothers choir sang. It was a sound never heard in the heavenly spheres, equal parts lamenting, scolding and beseeching. As the high keening sound built, a second choir comprised of siblings entered. Their song of missing brothers and sisters was interspersed with balls bouncing, bats cracking and arguments over favorite toys. In the silence afterwards, angels and saints felt emptiness turning to sadness.
God put down His paintbrush. Keenan Murphys name is now written in the eternal rolls.
What shall we do to protect the children? Michael asked helplessly.
The man with a gun thinks to make himself a god with the power of life and death. He makes others quake in fear. The sound of a gong played by St. Cecilia accompanied His words.
I am that I am. There is no God but God. The sound of the gong thrust them closer to eternity.
Yes, Father. Now what can I do? St. Francis asked.
You and Stephen will inspire Niklas Larkin to speak to the world. The message will be powered by love and the worldwide Internet.
Love is our only weapon, Lord. 
Put away words as weapons, Francis. Let the youngest lead the way. 
Except ye become as little children, ye will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven, Matthew said.

Chapter Eighteen
Beths feet were as clumsy as blocks of ice and twice as cold as she guided Rachel Dudek to the meeting place in Community Park. She tried to seem engaged as Rachel talked about the power of social media to advance the gun control cause. Were on Facebook and Twitter. One of the brilliant young kids in the office is blogging daily. Were making connections around the country. Rachels red hair flew behind her as she talked. Beth envied how Rachel never allowed anything to bring her down. If it werent for the cold to distract her, Beth would be seriously depressed. The walking paths were coated with a thin glaze of ice that cracked under their feet. The first snow had come two days ago, leaving a dingy off-white coat on shrubs and tramped down prairie grass.
After living in New Mexico most of her adult life, Beth could not adjust to the long Midwestern winters. She regretted her decision not to buy a heavy coat as the wind invaded her thin fleece jacket. She plunged her gloveless fingers into her pockets. Removing her eyes from her feet caused her to slip and fall on the icy path. She cursed her brother for insisting they rendezvous outdoors in December. Who could they possibly be meeting to merit such stealth?
Rachel was still talking as she charged forward, not noticing Beth flailing like a turtle on the ground. She turned on her side and put pressure on her arms and legs. Nothing seemed to be broken. Full of rage at being ignored, Beth thought of something snarky to say to her friend. Instead, as she pulled herself up, she saw an expanse of fluffy rolls of cloud stained deep red. It was called altocumulus. Arturo taught her the names of clouds and stars when they rested after a day in the orchard. Thinking of him calmed her.
Rachel finally noticed Beth wasnt answering her and extended a hand.
Look up, Beth said.
Wow. I guess someone approves, Rachel said and winked.
They heard mens voices behind them. Beth turned and saw Joe approaching with a very handsome man. His curly gray hair surrounded a face that would never grow old. 
Hello Beth, Rachel, Joe said. This is Geoff Murphy.
In the dwindling light, Beth realized his boyish face, an older version of Keenans, was etched in sorrow. He extended his hand to Beth and then to Rachel.
Thank you for meeting me. Joe tells me youve started a childrens peace movement.
Rachel was bouncing up and down in her red leather boots. I was telling Beth how much traction were getting with social media. Ill send you our website and contact information.
Beth placed her hand on Rachels arm. I think Mr. Murphy came here to talk to us. Lets hear what he has to say.
He clapped his hands together to keep the circulation going. I lost my son at a Friday night football game. He was being scouted by several top schools. Our garage is full of his sports paraphernalia. I trip over it every time I get out of the car, but I cant bear to throw it away.
Im so sorry, Rachel said.
The boy who shot him borrowed the gun from his brother. It was a semi-automatic rifle the brother bought at a gun show.
Joe put his hand on Geoffs shoulder.
Rachel, still twitching with energy, filled the silence. We have over 10,000 signatures on our Facebook safety pledge.
Social media helps raise awareness, Geoff said. Now you need to get the votes that count, not just for gun control, but for expanded mental health coverage. Thats where I come in.
What will you do? Rachel asked.
A handshake here and some pressure there. Strategic lunches, a couple of phone calls and some cigars smoked out of sight of the media.
Are you sure, Geoff? The press would love the story of an NRA lobbyist turned gun control advocate. Think of the free publicity.
Beth saw the mans face tighten. 
Life is more complicated than a feel good story on the nightly news. 
Joe took a step toward Rachel, squaring off in front of her. As Geoff said, you have to get past feelings and adapt your vision to get something done. You need to pass H.R. 21.
Whats that? Rachel asked.
The NRA Members Gun Safety Act of 2013.
So the NRA is already on our side? Beth said cautiously.
Geoff shook his head. The author, Jim Moran, refers to a poll showing NRA members
endorse the background checks and gun training stipulated in the bill.
Cool, said Rachel. Lets make a note to post it on the website. Well attribute it to a top NRA lobbyist. We wont use your name if youre not comfortable, Geoff. 
Joe shook his head. This is all off the record. I hope you realize Geoff will help only if you keep your mouths shut. If Geoff is tied to this story, well know it was one of you.
Beth thought Joe was being unnecessarily aggressive. She gave him a cautioning look.
Rachel twisted her scarf around her neck as the wind strengthened. I can be tough and I can be stealthy when I need to be. Lay it on me.
Geoff touched her arm. Lets just say were going to create an illusion. It will happen quickly and quietly, in view of the whole nation. When the smoke clears, no one will know how it happened. Theyll just be happy it did.
So what are we supposed to do? Rachel asked.
Keep on doing what youre doing. Expect an influx of support. Rachel, present yourself as the head of this campaign. Because you are.
Beth wondered about the ethics of using the services of a top NRA lobbyist. She looked toward her brother and recognized the look he was giving her. Shed seen it when she was about to confess to a childhood misdeed. She held her tongue.
All right then, Geoff Murphy said. If I see you ladies in town, remember, we never met. Now lets get out of here before we freeze to death.
###
God stood at the viewing screen, watching a January snowstorm stirring up a cauldron of billowing snow over a good part of the U.S. The snow was quickly followed by sub-zero temperatures which created icescapes more desolate than the face of the moon. The empty streets were colder than heartbreak.
God turned to His memory books to cheer Himself. When the angels Michael and Gabriel approached, He was looking at baby pictures. 
What are you doing, Lord? Gabriel asked.
Remembering the color of the sky and the music I used to create Maddy Hatter, Harry March and Geoff Murphy. It helps me to remember their purpose.
What do you see? Michael asked.
To Harry March I gave the gift of a humble beginning. Even when he would rather not, he can hear the voices of the needy. I deposited Maddy Hatter in a houseful of brothers so she could learn to make herself heard.
Do you think they can work together, Lord? 
Thats where Geoff Murphy comes in. To him I gave him the gift of persuasion. His manner is so light and subtle, people never think he is pressuring them. At times even he doesnt know if hes being sincere or not. He has made enough money with his gift never to work again.
Now you are asking him to open his heart to help the human race, Gabriel said. How can you think the top NRA lobbyist will show compassion when his whole life has been about getting and spending? 
His whole life has led up to this point. All Im asking him to do is to complete his original mission. Take a look at Geoff in the viewing screen.
The angels joined God to peer at Murphy sitting in the family room reading a congressional bill titled HR 21. He wrote notes in his Kindle Fire, some addressed to Maddy Hatter. Another page was labeled Harry March. He detailed persuasive arguments for both so foolproof they made him laugh. His wife asked him what was so funny.
I dont know, dear. I feel so lightheaded, something must be working on me.
Maybe its me, God said. The angels chuckled.
Michael peered at Murphy, admiring his abundant hair and easy smile. Can he feel for others, Lord? Its easier for some than others. Some are born with a heart so tender it bleeds. Some are so stuck on the mirror, they cant see anything but themselves.
You mean like Narcissus peering into the pool? We will see if they can rise to the occasion at a special tea party. You two will be there to provide love and compassion.
The sugar in the tea? Gabriel asked.
More like the pork in the barrel. God whistled a new tune which combined the signature notes of March, Hatter and Murphys into a new tune.
###
At lunch time on Tuesday, a stretch limo with darkened windows drove over the bridge to Theodore Roosevelt Island Park. 
Roll down the windows, driver, Maddy Hatter asked. Look at how green it is here, like the primeval forest. Did spring arrive and someone forget to tell me?
Harry March stepped out of the vehicle and sniffed the air. The trees are beginning to bud. Do you know, Geoff, in all my years in DC Ive never visited this park?
Geoff Murphy shepherded them to a table set up next to the statue of Teddy Roosevelt. He poured a thimbleful of tea for each of them from a thermos. The island is a well kept secret. It was designed to mimic the natural forest that once covered the island. I was hoping the tranquil atmosphere will put you at ease. We need to craft a secret and important deal on H.R. 21.
Jim Morans bill? You want to talk about gun control? Harry March said. Teddy Roosevelt would not approve. He was a soldier and a sportsman.
Teddy was also our pragmatist president, Maddy Hatter said. He was the one who said, In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
Neither of you can afford to do nothing, Geoff said quietly.
What did you put in this tea? Harry March sputtered. Youre not talking like the Geoff Murphy I know and love.
I lost my son, Keenan. Didnt you hear?
Harry put the teacup back on the table. My sincere condolences to you. As he tapped his finger against the teacup, his face turned stop sign red. It is the worst tragedy a father can face. Through his tears March said, You know as well as I that dismantling the Second Amendment wont bring him back.
Maddy Hatter raised her hand to her breast. My mothers heart breaks for you.
Murphy removed some sandwiches from a cooler. I took the liberty of ordering for us from a new deli called Wonderland. They make amazing pulled pork sandwiches. Hope neither of you is allergic to pork?
Hare and Hatter tittered as they sank their teeth into the tender and flavorful meat.
Hatter dabbed at her mouth with a napkin. If by pork you mean getting the largest state infrastructure project underway, then Id say it is quite tasty.
March took a big bite of his sandwich. My pork tastes like funding to revitalize manufacturing in the Rust Belt. I just cant afford to alienate the voters with an anti-gun stance.
Murphy distributed wet wipes to the table. Think about it this way. Morans bill requires background checks for all gun sales. It also requires gun owners to report when their guns have been stolen. While the National Rifle Association objects to these changes, polling shows nearly two thirds of NRA members support the five simple ways to improve gun safety included in this bill.
March sat back and patted his stomach. If those numbers are solid, I can support you.
Have the bill on my desk by close of business, Hatter said.
Geoffrey Murphy smiled. Try the sweet potato fries. Im told they taste like re-election.
### 
St. Francis and the Archangels met with God to review the status of human beings under special protection. Usually a monthly check-in, the convocation had become a daily necessity. In addition to Michael and Gabriel, a quorum of angels including Raphael, Uriel, Metatron, and Zadkiel were present to oversee healing, divine inspiration, helping children and compassion. 
God listened to reports on refugee camps in Lebanon which housed the children displaced by the war in Syria. Gasps of sadness greeted pictures of waifs with wide, uncomprehending eyes. Other reports of displaced children came from Sudan, Nepal and the Philippines. In the US, city kids were gunned down days after being released from school for summer. Parents, siblings, cousins and aunts and uncles blinked in the media glare spotlighting their sudden loss.
How are the families in Paradise Acres doing after the loss of Izzy Plotkin?
St. Francis stepped forward. We have been monitoring the Plotkins, Fanuccis and Larkins, as you asked. Vince Fanucci is running marathons all over the country to raise money for the Isidore Plotkin scholarship foundation.
Do the Plotkins know?
He hasnt told anyone except his wife. Vince cant bear to sit still. He is doing the only thing he can do to assuage his guilt.
What about the Plotkins?
Doreen is suffering greatly. To sublimate her grief, she is working harder than ever. On the weekends she practices for a marathon, running herself into exhaustion. Howard Plotkin is swinging between sadness and rage. He has almost given up looking for a job. Instead, he is considering suing Vince Fanucci for negligence in sons death. 
Are you sure that is what Howard has in mind?
Yes, he is studying statutes and consulting with former colleagues on precedent and culpability. We also saw him studying gun shops online. Lets just say the NSA didnt invent surveillance.
God rose from his beanbag chair. More work to be done, Francis, always more work to be done. Send battalions of angels to the Sudan, Syria and the school in Pennsylvania. Michael, I want you to create a diversion to send Niklas and Cameron to the Plotkin house this afternoon.
I will, said Michael with quiet confidence.
God pointed to St. Joseph the worker. Find a job for Howard Plotkin.
I will try, my Lord. The U.S. economy is so puny, not even divine intervention will get a fifty-year-old a job.
Do your best. Now Id like a report from the angel covering Niklas Larkin.
St. Nicholas, protector of children, stepped forward. Niklas is surrounded by the love of his family. He dreams of Izzy sometimes and cries in his sleep.
What about his parents? Have they set a wedding date?
No, Lord. Tyler is finishing his masters degree in computer science. Melanie seems to have overcome her depression and is back to work.
Help them push up the date. I want Tyler and Melanie married on the summer solstice, Niklas birthday.
Why so soon?
As he turns seven, he will leave the cloister of babyhood and turn his attention toward the world. I want him to have the confidence that comes from a stable family life. Thank you all for coming. There is work to be done before we meet again. A soft wind caused by wings flapping touched Him as He picked up a brush to paint the sunset.
###
Mrs. Fanucci was waiting in the Hummer for Niklas and Cameron after school. Jump in, boys. Sorry your comedy class was cancelled. 
Guy was sick. The substitute called in sick, too, Cameron said.
You should call your teacher Mister. Show some respect, Cammie.
OK. Mr. Guy was sick.
Cameron Alphonse Fanucci, Im warning you!
Guy is his name, Niklas said.
When they got to Camerons house, Mrs. Fanucci stepped on the brakes so hard, Niklas was afraid they were going to hit the garage door. After the car stopped bouncing, the boys unbuckled their seat belts and jumped out.
Do you want to watch cartoons while I make some brownies?
Thats OK, Mom, Cameron said. Nik and I are going to play outside.
Her phone rang. Camerons mom pressed buttons with lacquered fingers on her pink phone. In Niks mind, Mrs. Fanucci was a laughing flash of pink.
The boys waited until she went inside to hit the garage door button. They ran quickly to clear the approaching door, which they were expressly forbidden to do. The door cracked a little in the cold air before thudding to the ground. Lets go, Cameron said.
Where? Dont we have to tell your mom?
Were just going down the block.
Nik followed his friend, who was running in front of him. He stopped to make a snowball. The snow was so fluffy it was hard to pack. As the snowball left his hands, it exploded in a pretty white pattern against the blue sky.
When he looked up, Cameron had stopped in the Plotkins driveway.
What are we doing here?
We have to make the video today. Rachel said so. The kids start going door to door tomorrow, remember?
This is Izzys house.
I know. His dad made our last video. Look, hes home. Cameron pointed to his Volvo in the driveway. Puffs of exhaust exhaled from the dryer vent. He rang the doorbell before Nik could stop him.
The front door opened and Nik saw Izzys dad. He was wearing sweat pants. Curly wires of hair jumped from his head, like a pogo stick. Nik thought he walked stiff as a robot.
Can I help you boys? he said, not unkindly.
As a matter of fact, you can, Cameron said. Niklas and I have to make a video today. Our teacher is sick. My mom doesnt know how.
Mr. Plotkin opened the door. Well, come in then. Lets see what we can do.
Niklas followed Izzys dad and Cameron downstairs. Izzys toys were still there, as if he had just finished playing before being called to dinner.
Is this a school project?
Kind of, Cameron said. Its about gun control.
Mr. Plotkin sucked in a large breath. 
Niklas piped in, You remember the rally at the high school? Rachel Dudek is asking kids everywhere to get the vote out on gun control.
Got it. Why dont you boys go in the bathroom and comb your hair. Ill get everything ready. Mrs. Plotkin gave me a new camera. She said I need a hobby.
Cameron didnt need to comb his hair because of the buzz cut. Nik found Izzys brush in the drawer and brushed his blond curls away from his face. Grampa Joe wanted him to get a buzz cut, but Gramma wouldnt let him.
In the rec room, Mr. Plotkin had set up a camera on a tripod. You look presentable. Do you know what youre going to say?
We practiced at school, Cameron assured him.
Stand closer together. When I wave, start talking.
Cameron went first. Hi kids. Niklas, Izzy and I used to be the 3 musketeers. We did everything together until I shot my best friend by accident. My dad had guns in the house and I found the key. Now were only two musketeers.
Nik noticed Mr. Plotkins face was getting wet. We miss our friend, Nik said. Izzys mom had just come home and was standing at the base of the stairs. Looking at her made him want to cry. Something like love touched him softly on the back of his neck, encouraging him to continue. Izzy used to write the speeches for us. He was a behind the scenes kind of guy. I was giving his speech about saving kids from guns when the accident happened.
He looked at Izzys row of trophies over the fireplace. They were mostly for spelling bees, not sports. He smiled big as if he were smiling at Izzy. Cameron and I and thousands of our friends are going to knock on your door soon. Please listen to what we have to say.
Thats a wrap, Mr. Plotkin said as he fiddled with his equipment.
Hi, Mrs. Plotkin, Cameron said. She walked toward them, tears running down her face.
Come here boys. They nestled under her arms, Cameron on the left and Niklas on the right. Ive missed you so much.
Nik had never seen adults cry. His stomach felt like he had drunk too much orange juice. Even though it was winter, it felt like they were surrounded by a soft, warm wind.
They stood together until Mrs. Plotkins phone rang. Dont worry, Cindy. Theyre here. Im going to give them a snack and then Howard will walk them home.
Mr. Plotkin took his phone out of his pocket and dialed. Rachel, its Howard Plotkin. I sent you the video so your social media genius can get to work.
Niklas didnt understand what Mr. Plotkin meant. He was smiling, so he must be OK.
Thanks, Rachel, it was nothing. The boys did it all. 

Chapter Nineteen 
Beth got up before the rest of the household on Saturday. Opening the blinds on Joes big back yard, she saw clean white snow had fallen overnight. Finches and cardinals gathered at the feeder in a flash of red. The coffee was brewing when she heard a knock on the door at 7:30 am. A tall boy with powerful shoulders stood in front of her.
Hi, Im Mike Culparo.
Are you a friend of Tylers? You know hes away at school. 
Im from the football team. The team got together and decided to protect the kids as they go door to door. He read from a piece of notebook paper. I will be escorting Niklas Larkin. 
Beth stared. His curly dark hair was long for an athlete. 
I know what youre thinking. Dad says I look like a hippie. Keenan insisted we grow our hair all season. When he was killed, I didnt have the heart to cut it.
I understand, Beth said. Do you want a cup of coffee? Do you drink coffee? She realized she didnt know when kids started drinking coffee.
Not really. I can wait out in my car until youre ready.
Just then Beth heard a heavy step on the stairs. Her brother was dressed and ready for the day. His face lit up when he saw the young man in the hall. Hi Mike, he said. You know, Beth, Mike is our star defensive back.
We were just getting acquainted, Beth said. What would you guys like for breakfast? I was thinking of making pancakes.
Have at em, Joe said as he turned on the TV to the news. A couple of minutes later Gramma Sandy and Niklas came down for breakfast.
I wish I could join you today. Sandy said, Im meeting with the town council and the police chief.
Thats all right, Beth said. I cant believe how busy you are with work and family and community. I couldnt do it.
Ill clean up the kitchen, Sandy said. You can get on your way.
Come back for lunch, Joe said. Ill make pulled pork sandwiches.
Ive heard about your sandwiches. Theyre famous in Paradise Acres.
Beth made sure Niklas put on his boots and gloves for the walk to Community Park. Fresh snow and sunlight made the January morning presentable. Under the snow were blackened ice mounds which wouldnt melt any time soon. Rachel Dudek was surrounded by a small group of adults and their children, ringed by big boys. The football players greeted Mike. Niklas ran to his friends from school.
Good morning, Rachel shouted. Thank you for coming. Im going to pass out brochures with the numbers of local congressmen. Ask everyone who answers the door to call their lawmakers in support of H.R. 21. Be persuasive, be friendly, and dont take No for an answer. If someone doesnt answer the door, leave a brochure. Katie is passing them out right now.
Beth noticed Nik had stopped horsing around with his friends. He was listening intently to Rachel and nodding his head. He understood more about the adult world than she did when she was six. Was Joe right in trying to protect him from danger and sadness? Grace didnt shield them from the world when they were young. Her mother took her to peace rallies and folk concerts. 
The first house was inhabited by a white-haired lady with a friendly face. Grace said people grew into the faces they deserved. This lady must have been kind.
Come in and get warm. I baked some sugar cookies this morning. Would you care for one? They followed her into a warm and fragrant kitchen where a news show played on TV. 
Look, Mike said, theyre covering the kids movement.
Nik pointed at the clips of children knocking on doors in California, New York and Illinois. Its like Halloween without costumes!
Now who wants coffee and who wants milk?
We shouldnt impose, Beth said. Well just drop off the information and ask you to call your congressman.
Of course I will, she said. My name is Marge, by the way. Marge was wearing a pink sweater over black pants. I enjoy the company.
My great gramma used to make cookies, Nik said. We ate cookies and played games together.
I knew Grace, Marge said. She was Joe Larkins mother. So you are Joes sister and this is her great-grandson.
Beth could see Nik was excited to meet someone who knew his great-grandma. Their bond had been strong. He spoke of her often.
If Grace were here, she would have been campaigning with you this morning.
Thats right, Nik said. She loved to read the newspaper.
Im going to make the call right after you leave, Marge said.
They put on coats and boots in the front hallway. 
Come back and visit any time, Marge said.
The next several houses they visited were inhabited by neighbors and friends. Many made calls to their congressmen while Nik watched. He was happy and talkative, thanking everyone for their support.
The walk to the next house was unshoveled. Beth slid on an icy spot, afraid she would fall again. Mike grabbed her arm before she could tumble onto the pavement. Overgrown shrubs fleeced with snow covered the picture window.
Should we skip this one? Beth asked.
Nik had already rung the doorbell. An unshaven middle-aged man answered the door. I dont need anything youre selling.
Were not selling anything, Nik said. Were here to tell you about Angels for Peace. He pulled a brochure out of his pocket and handed it to the man. Read it and call your congressman.
The man accepted the brochure. Beth moved closer so she could pull Nik away if necessary. She smelled stale smoke on the mans musty sweater.
Ill think about it. 
Mike and Beth turned to leave. Nik was still standing in the entryway. We can wait, he told the man. My best friend died because he was shot. Thats why Im here. 
Come on, Nik, Beth said.
His little feet were firmly planted on the walkway. Rachel said dont take No for an answer. Ill just wait here while you make that call.
Beth put her around him. Not everyone is going to agree with you, today or ever. I said Id think about it, the man said before slamming the door and going inside.
Nik was crying now. Im doing this for Izzy.
Mike scooped him up and threw him over his shoulder. Lets have some lunch. I feel better after I eat.
When they returned to the house, Joe was standing over the outdoor oven on the deck. He removed meat onto a plate and pulled rolls from the bread warmer. He brought the cold air in with him as he opened the slider. Whos hungry?
Me, Grampa! Nik said. 
Beth was relieved he had stopped crying. That was the gift of childhood, to turn off the spigot of unhappiness. 
Mike ate two sandwiches while the rest finished one. This potato salad is great, Mr. Larkin. Where did you buy it?
I made it from Graces recipe for German potato salad. Have some more. He put another helping on Mikes plate.
Thank you. My mother buys everything from the store. She doesnt know how to cook.
Come by any time, Mike. I enjoy cooking for someone with a good appetite. Beth favors all kinds of lettuce.
Beth loved seeing her brother so happy. He was such a good host. Thanks for lunch. I think we better get at it before Niks naptime.
Aunt Beth, I dont take naps anymore.
But I do, she winked.
The next house on their list was at the far end of the subdivision in a cul-de-sac. Instead of the luxury SUVs common in the neighborhood, a couple of old trucks were parked in the driveway. Nik ran ahead and rang the doorbell. A chunky boy answered. Stained glass tattoos illuminated his arms from shoulder to wrist. Nik told him about their visit and the boy invited him inside. Beth quickly followed while Mike stayed outside to make a phone call. In the den, another boy with the same face and a thinner body was watching TV with the sound off. Angry rap laced with bad words blasted through the house. The first kid had disappeared.
Sup? The thin brother collapsed on the couch with so little energy he had either just woken up or was incredibly stoned.
Nik started talking about Angels for Peace. So call this number and talk to your congressman.
Go away, kid. Cant you see Im watching TV?
The first kid returned. He says were not interested. Go away. The guy on the couch lifted a gun from between the cushions. Like my brother said, youre not welcome.
All of a sudden Mike was in the room, planted between the boy with the gun and Nik. Put that down, you moron!
Moron? Nik asked.
These are the Moroni Brothers, Gino and Anthony. We called them the Moron brothers in school. You can see why.
Are you going to call the cops, Mr. Gridiron?
Ill think about it. He picked up Nik and draped his arm around Beth as he ushered them from the house.
Joe was waiting for them at home. A college football game played on the big screen. He muted the sound while Mike told him about the Moroni brothers.
Are you going to call the cops? Nik asked.
Gramma Sandy is at a meeting today with the police chief. I texted her. Shell take care of it.
Im so glad Mike was there, Beth said, still trembling. She waited for the lecture about how she had endangered Niks life again. 
I watched more of the coverage after you guys left, Joe said. Did you know children are canvassing in every state? They interviewed Rachel on Fox News.
Beth braced herself for what would come next. 
Joe lowered the volume with one of the four remotes on the coffee table. Im very proud of you, Beth. You and Rachel have gotten the word out, which is huge. You, Niklas, stood up for Izzy today. And Mike, were glad you were along to protect my family. 
Mike bowed his head. It wont bring Tyler back, but at least he didnt die in vain.
Nik ran to Joe and sat in his lap. Joe increased the volume and the boys sat back to watch the game.
Beth left the room to call Arturo. They hadnt talked in weeks. She caught herself smiling in the hallway mirror. Life, and her brother, could still surprise her. 
###
Arturo sounded abrupt when he answered the phone. Is it a bad time? she asked. Her thoughts spiraled into worries he was with another woman. Perhaps she had been gone so long, he had put her out of his mind. You havent called me lately, she said, and then wished she had been smoother.
Long distance wires didnt crackle like they used to. She hyperventilated into the silence.
Finally, he said, I was waiting to see if you would call me. To tell you the truth, I decided not to call you again if you werent able to reach out to me.
Im no good at relationships, Beth said.
Thats just an excuse.
Did you get the note I sent you? She hoped changing subject would soften his hard-hearted tone.
The thank-you note for taking care of your peaches?
There was more to it. Id like it to be more.
Tell me that when were in the same state.
I want to go back to the Giggling Springs and do it right. Id love to be with you in the hot springs as the sky surrounds us and everything dissolves into blue. 
Arturo cleared his throat. Thats what you want?
Yes, she squeaked.
There are no do-overs in life. That day has rushed down the river.
Maybe we could catch a new day and enjoy it together?
OK, chica, well see what life brings. I have to hang up now and pick up Tito. Later.
He didnt sound like the open and easy-going Arturo she had left in New Mexico. Hasta la vista, she said, hoping she would see him again. Self-help books advised how good it felt to take a risk. Beth thought she had showed courage calling him to express her feelings. The initial rush felt good. Not knowing the outcome made her want to swim to the safety of shore.
###
The winter seemed like it would never quit. Snow followed subzero temperatures caused by what the newscasters called a polar vortex. It took all of Beths energy to navigate the frozen streets and work all day. At night they snoozed on the couch after one of Joes excellent dinners. Just when it seemed this was the new way of life, March brought a thaw and a glimpse of spring.
When she had a free moment at work, Beth checked the progress of the gun control bill in the House. What had been an impossible cause was picking up support. On Fox News Harry March explained why he was supporting the bill. Maddy Hatter appeared on every news show and then made the rounds of late night talk. Pundits attributed the bills progress to the childrens campaign. Beth knew Geoff Murphy was working in the background. 
Work was still tedious with an element of terror. If she made a mistake, it affected nationwide users of the companys database. She tried to be more mindful and not let flights of fancy take her attention from her work.
One April day when spring seemed like a possibility, she decided to take herself out for lunch. Unlocking her car, she saw the car next to hers was occupied. Looking closer, she saw Mike Culparo hunched behind the steering wheel. He open the window. 
Do you have time for lunch?
Shouldnt you be in school?
I have a couple of periods off in the middle of the day. Id like to talk to you about something.
All right. I was going to Panera if that suits you.
Sure. I go there with Mom all the time.
The restaurant rushed her senses after the quiet clicking of the office. Food smells competed with silverware jangling and employees yelling. They ordered sandwiches and sat at a table near the window. Beth watched mothers with their children and solo business people lunching with their phones.
Mike ate his sandwich in quick bites. When he tried to sip from his glass of Coke, Beth saw his hand was trembling.
What did you want to talk to me about?
He sat back in his chair, imprisoned in his big body. I dont think I can talk here. His voice shook.
Beth gathered up the remains of their lunch. Lets go outside. Theres a park behind the mall. We can take a walk. She guided him to a walking path leading to a large retention pond. In the summer, the path was lined with bluestem and Indian grass. Geese swam in the pond with a dotting of ducks. After walking for twenty minutes, they came to an old cottonwood, whose massive branches awaited spring and the return of baseball players.
I used to play here when I was little, Mike said. I was a pitcher.
Beth sat down on the bleachers. Do you think you can talk now? I dont want to rush you. Its just that I have to go back to work in fifteen minutes. Theyre very strict about time.
Do you hate your job?
I need to work and jobs are hard to find. This park is my secret refuge in the good weather.
I did something bad, Mike said, his smile crumbling. 
Beth didnt want to hurry him, but she was starting to get nervous about being reprimanded by the boss.
You know Neal Tompkins, the guy who shot Keenan?
Ive heard of him. Keenan was in English class with him. They both liked the Great Gatsby. Thats all I know.
I was in that class, too. Neal was a brain, always acing the tests. He was a nice guy, just super quiet. So quiet you didnt know if he was there or not, like a fly on the wall. A little creepy.
The cottonwood tree was starting to bud. She looked forward to listening to the wind in its pliant leaves come summer.
Keenan was nice to him. It made me jealous. Not like I had a crush on Keenan. It was just he was the best friend I ever had. So when Neal went out and bought the Great Gatsby movie for Keenan, I lost it. I called Neal a fag.
Mike was shaking now and crying in short bursts. Beth put her arm around him. His tears dissolved him into the boy who pitched squinting from his visor cap. I killed Keenan.
Tightening her grip, Beth said, You made a mistake, but you didnt kill Keenan. He quieted a little under her embrace. Emotions are so complicated, I cant explain what happened. Keenan wouldnt have died if Neal didnt have access to a gun. What you are doing now is making sure other kids will be safe.
Mike swiped at his face with his hand. Thank you, Ms. Larkin. I feel better.
Good. Lets run back to the car. I think we both could use some exercise. Mike ran slowly so she could keep up. As fast as they sprinted, she could not outrun the heavy feeling which settled on her chest during Mikes confession. Thanks to the reign of the gun, babies and boys were living with consequences they were too young to understand.
In the parking lot he thanked her again. She squeezed his hand. I wont say keep in touch because people always say it and never mean it. Ill just say, see you soon.
Mike squared his shoulders and returned to his full height. 

Chapter Twenty
God loved nothing better than the first day of spring in Washington, DC. His children shed layers of clothing for the first time in months to reveal pasty, wool-pricked skin. Hearing the temperature could hit 70 degrees, they burrowed through boxes of clothes to find tee shirts and blouses made of gauze. By noon they would all be out on the sidewalks to participate in the yearly revival of life. 
God planned to devote himself to Geoff Murphy. Truly He was always with everyone. Today He would be a little more so with Murphy. The House bill on gun control was up for a vote soon. The undecided votes could send it either way.
After revealing His plans at the daily briefing, He asked for volunteers from the holy firmament to spread His love to the world. The Holy Spirit said, Dont worry, Ive got this. A tongue of flame burned over his understated words. 
Geoff Murphy walked from his Washington pied-a-terre to meet Cal Prickett at Elephant and Castle. God knew Murphy was apprehensive about the meeting. Prickett was a major flack for the NRA and had power over his job. 
He entered Murphys thoughts to point out flower boxes bursting with pink, purple and red azaleas, his wifes favorite flower. Soon to come were roses and lilies, dogwood and forsythia. Sidewalks full of tourists and residents slowed his progress, but Geoff didnt mind. It was good to see people enjoy life again after the worst winter in years. He pulled out his phone and ordered azaleas be sent to Peg.
Prickett was waiting for him behind the wrought iron fence on the patio. The Texans hand-tooled leather boots perched on the chair where Murphy would sit. He was working his way through a plate of potato crisps smothered in mayonnaise. A bourbon and branch sweated in a pool of sun on the table.
Sit down, Murphy. I would have ordered you a drink, but I dont remember your preference.
Just seltzer with a twist of lime, Geoff said to the server. You can bring me the bacon and bleu cheeseburger. Winking at Prickett, he said, My wife wont let me eat cheeseburgers at home.
The patio filled up as their entrees were delivered. A table of lawyers from Justice argued a picayune point no one could understand. A young couple on the other side separately studied their phones. To be young and in love, Geoff thought.
Prickett finished off his meat loaf and mashed potatoes. He pushed the plate aside and swiped his mouth with a cloth napkin. Ill get right to the point, Murphy. Theres talk H.R. 21 might actually pass the House. Im feeling all this love in the air. Something tells me its not the birds and the bees. Theres only one man in town who can create consensus, and it aint Barack Obama.
Who might that be? Geoff said coyly.
Dont play with me. One phone call and you are on the street, buddy boy.
Murphy considered the threat. He was ashamed his first emotion was one of panic. Over the years, the NRA had given him a handsome living. His problem was that even when he had more than most, he wanted more. Murphy was a social animal who loved making the rounds of the best restaurants, gyms and bars. He liked the insider gossip as much as he enjoyed affecting policy. Doormen at four star restaurants knew him by name. Valets fought to park his car for the $100 tips. He had never stood up for a cause until Keenan died.
Youre awfully quiet over there, Geoff. Penny for your thoughts. Prickett chortled. More like $300,000 with bonus.
You know everyone in DC loves to gossip. Youre probably hearing some carefully placed rumors. Do you have any evidence I stepped over the line?
Prickett finished off a piece of apple pie Murphy hadnt heard him order. Lets just say we caught a couple of carp. By tomorrow, well have a shark on the line.
The waiter returned with the check. Prickett waved a gold card in his face. They walked out together. Prickett clamped his arm around Murphy and wheezed bourbon breath in his ear. Youve got 30 years in the game. You know how it works. Do the right thing. Ill be in touch tomorrow.
Murphy broke free and walked in the opposite direction of Prickett. Doing the right thing might harm more sons and daughters. He wished he still smoked. A flash of flame and a deep inhale would settle his nerves. He walked past the JW Marriott, not feeling the presence of God, who was right behind him. Surely someone he knew would be at the bar. A couple of cocktails and he would be his cheery self again. Then he remembered he hadnt had a drink since Keenan was killed. As he started toward H street, God knocked him gently on the shoulder. Without knowing why, he turned back toward Pennsylvania Avenue.
A burst of color appeared in the sky above his head. It must be a festival. There were so many in DC it was hard to keep track. Geoff decided to walk back and enjoy the fireworks. No one waited for him at the apartment. His wife was in Illinois mourning. He asked Peg to join him in DC, but she wouldnt leave home where she felt closer to Keenan.
As he walked, he reviewed Pricketts threat about losing his job. So what if he did? Money was not really the question. Peg made sure they saved enough to live well with or without the NRA. If push came to shove, other organizations would court him for his contacts.
Chairs lined the sidewalk outside the JW Marriott. On an island inside the avenue, a band was playing Rhapsody in Blue. Geoff sat down and rested his feet. The festival reminded him of a 4th of July when he had taken the family to see fireworks over Lake Michigan. Keenan was a small boy at the time. They had to wait at the lakefront for hours for the sky to get dark. Keenan fell asleep. At the first fireworks he woke up and watched the sky. Delighted, he oohed for each firework shot skyward and aahed as they cascaded to earth. Finally, he could fight sleep no longer. As his eyes closed, he said to Geoff, Thanks, Dad. This was the best day of my life.
God decided to add His own flourishes to the display. The crowd applauded the pyrotechnic wonder of rockets, fountains, and flying spinners in every color. God followed with a stream of color red enough to frighten the devil. The crowd screamed and then relaxed as he vanquished evil with a fountain of pure white light. For old times sake, God shot off a Roman candle. 
Geoff saw stars shooting in the sky. Doing the right thing was all he could give his son. Guiltily, he knew he had been generous with everything but his time. Travel and constant work took him away from the family much of the year. He missed baseball games, talent shows and nightly tuck-ins. Keenan was a loving boy who didnt hold it against him. Still, he was always after him to spend time together. Geoff thought of the last time his son begged him to watch a movie on TV. Keenan ordered a pizza and made popcorn for them. They settled on the couch. Tired after a week of contentious meetings, Geoff fell asleep during the opening credits.
God was close to uncovering the soft spot Geoff had hidden in his heart during his years as a shill. Hoping to touch it, He sent up one more firework after the program concluded. Families were on their feet and folding blankets. A little boy still scanning the sky yelled. There was a massive intake of breath as the crowd looked up and saw a giant peace sign hovering in the sky. Geoff Murphy, who had been isolated in his thoughts, joined the crowd as it exhaled, Far out!
### 
Nik woke early on the last day of school. Gramma Sandy had put his favorite shorts and t-shirt on the chair. He got dressed without waking anyone and went downstairs. Peeking out the blinds, he saw his new two- wheeler waiting for him on the deck. Cameron was coming over after school to ride around the neighborhood. 
Water was running upstairs as he played with some army men. Soon he heard footsteps walking back and forth. Grampa Joe was up. Nik turned on the TV. Gramma Sandy and Aunt Beth would be down soon. The lady named Pippa, who Gramma Sandy liked, was talking to a serious man with glasses. Rob, are you as surprised as a I am the gun control bill passed Congress last night?
There was a groundswell of support, Pippa. Remember the childrens campaign last winter?
Yes, Rob. A local woman, Rachel Dudek, was one of the organizers. We will interview Rachel in the next hour.
Nik jumped up and down and yelled, We did it!
Grampa Joe came downstairs. What did we do so early in the morning?
We passed gun control! 
Grampa Joe stuck out his hand and they shook. Lets have some breakfast and get you ready for school. 
Shouldnt I stay home and celebrate?
A Larkin must fulfill his obligations. Yours is to finish first grade.
Nik didnt remember much about the day besides Miss Moffat giving him a big hug. Some big kids threw their schoolbooks in the garbage after school on their way to the bus. When he got home, there was a truck in the driveway. Gramma Sandy was sitting on the front porch with the blonde lady from TV. She started talking as soon as she saw him. Heres Rachel Dudeks friend, the little man from the video. You must be proud of him, getting so many people to call their congressmen. Nik stood close to Gramma. The womans lips opened and closed like a goldfish feeding. 
Would you like to tell people about Izzy? Tell me first to get a little practice before we roll the cameras.
Nik told her how smart Izzy was and how he was already reading books for fifth graders. He said the best thing about him was that he was a really good friend.
Great. Why dont you go comb your hair ?
I better get presentable, too, Sandy said. I came straight from the gym.
Gramma fussed over his hair with a wet comb. When they went back outside, Nik saw a car parked down the block. A young black man sat in the car and watched him. Nik recognized him from somewhere. Pippa told him to look at the man with the camera. She cooed and patted him on the head as he spoke. Grampa Joe pulled up and then backed his car into the street. He wasnt smiling. Nik thought Grampa was mad because the truck was blocking his parking space. Gramma introduced Pippa Johnston. Grampa did not shake her hand. Please dont run this interview. I did not give my permission. If you could leave now, I would appreciate it.
Pippa wants to talk to Nik about the childrens campaign, Sandy protested.
Not today, she isnt. 
Grampa went in the house and slammed the door. Nik hadnt seen him so mad since the night he yelled at Aunt Beth.
Gramma sent him outside to play. As he opened the slider, he heard her say, Why did you act like that? We were all going to be on TV.
Nik took his scooter out of the garage and headed down the block. The car he saw before was still parked in front of Izzys house. When he came up next to it, the guy slid the window down and said, Hey, Niklas Larkin!
He stopped. Who are you?
Im Charles, Curtis Jones brother. I was the guy with the white flower at Millennium Park the day it all went down.
Down where? Nik thought, but did not want to ask.
I just wanted to thank you for hanging with us on gun control. When my mother saw you rallying the kids on TV she smiled. It was the first time she smiled since Curtis died.
Nik stood and stared. What could he say to this big boy with the sad puppy eyes? He gripped the handle of his scooter and said, Youre welcome, before speeding off down the sidewalk.
###
Beth came home to a chilly atmosphere even though summer was just getting started. As they watched the news, Sandy explained what happened. Joe was trimming the shrubs with power clippers. The high-pitched whine made it sound like he was murdering them.
Sandy asked Beth if she wanted a glass of wine. Maybe I should go out and talk to him. I might want a glass afterwards.
Her brother was stuffing branches into a yard waste bag when she founded him on the side of the house. I heard the news team was here today.
He stood up to face her, his face red and his breath coming quick. Was that your doing?
No, Joe, I had nothing to do with it. Sandy said Pippa Johnston was going interview Niklas. You said you were proud of him.
Joe tied the bag and reached for another one. Niklas is six years old. He is not a spokesperson. I dont want the media crawling all over him and taking away his privacy.
I understand. Something inexplicable happened in Congress. Some are calling it a miracle. 
You know as well as I the childrens campaign didnt cause the bill to pass. All the important stuff happens in secret. You were in Community Park with Geoff Murphy. Why cant you accept the truth? His anger was rising again. Do you think the world runs on good thoughts and kind intentions? Do you think God himself descended on Washington D.C.? 
If theres a choice, its better to think good thoughts than bad. I do believe looking into the face of a child can remind people of their better natures. Niklas could have been that child.
As long as he lives under my roof, he will remain a child. Joe turned to the bushes and fired up the hedge trimmers.
###
After dinner Nik asked Beth to go on a bike ride with him. She was tired so he gave her the face she could never resist. She borrowed Sandys bike and followed him out of the garage. 
Kids playing in their driveways greeted Nik as he rode by. 
You know everyone in the neighborhood, Aunt Beth shouted. 
When they reached the park, he jumped off his bike. Lets climb the hill! He ran ahead of her up the sled hill. When they got to the top, he danced around as she caught her breath. Look, Beth. You can see all of Paradise Acres! The people on the ground are tiny. He watched dog walkers and bike riders crawl silently around the bottom of the hill. 
Aunt Beth sat down in the grass. Thank you for showing me the view. Would you like a snack? As she pulled the granola bars out of her pocket, a piece of paper fell out.
Nick scooped it up and opened the folded paper. What is this, Aunt Beth? The words are not in sentences.
Its a poem. A story told in images.
Whats an image?
A picture.
Read it to me.

We all start out a sliver of song 
Combined with a slice of color from the dawn, the day or the nighttime sky.
That is how God remembers us as He murmurs our mission to us our last second in Heaven. 
He puts our human names on us like a necklace before sending us to earth. 
On the way down, we see flashes of our future in the twists and turns of winding water park tubes. 

I remember the water park tubes.
Who pushed you?
God, of course, Nik said. How did you think up your poem?
God whispered it to me before I left Heaven. I wrote the first part when I was a girl, then finished it last night. 
Teach me how to write a poem, Nik said.
OK. Ill start and you finish. At the top of the hill, the clouds look like
Popcorn!
Popcorn popping in the sky, the color of
Your eyes.
I ate the day like a
Dreamsicle.
And dreamed of
Sledding with Izzy. The sky dimmed as he remembered. He sat behind me because he was a little bit scared. I steered. It was snowing so hard I couldnt see. We wiped out. I thought Izzy would be mad but he thanked me. He said he would never sled without me.
Aunt Beth put her hands on his shoulders as he started to cry.
I cant remember what he looks like anymore, Aunt Beth.
Thats a hard one. Try to see him with your heart.
Nik wrestled his way out of her arms and stood. The sun traded places with the moon as the light left the sky. The park was emptying out. He looked up to see a jet trail in the sky. Could that be Izzy?
It could be. Beth talked quietly. Listen, Nik. I dont want you to be sad. Izzy wouldnt want you to be sad. If I could, I would feel your bad feelings for you.
He stuffed his hands in his pockets. Thanks, Aunt Beth, but Izzy is my friend. I have to miss him.
Riding home, Nik saw news trucks around the Murphys. The lady with the goldfish mouth was pointing a microphone at Mr. Murphy. Grandma is going to be mad, he shouted over his shoulder at his aunt.
Why do you say that?
Pippas talking to him and not her. 
Gramma Sandy and Grampa Joe were watching the news. Nik ran into the family room, knocking over pictures on the entertainment center. 
What are they talking about, Grampa?
Mr. Murphy announced he made the deal for the gun control bill to pass.
No, he didnt. The children did it. 
Come here, Gramma Sandy said, arms outstretched.
I have parted ways with the NRA, Mr. Murphy said, and will devote myself to common sense gun laws in this country.
Nik paced in front of the TV. The children did it. You saw us do it, Grampa.
You helped a lot, Nik. It takes many people to make a change.
Then why dont they say that? Nik cried as the adults watched helplessly. Sandy offered him candy while Beth told him he was a hero.
Finally, Grampa Joe dried his tears with a Cubs crying towel and carried him to bed.
Hell wake up happy in the morning, Sandy said.
Lets hope, Beth said. She knew from spending time with Nik and his friends children felt pain that couldnt be sweetened with candy kisses.

Chapter Twenty-One
On Saturday night Nik stayed overnight at Camerons. All the parents in the neighborhood went to a Cubs game. Gramma Sandy organized the outing, calling it s community event. Mike Culparos sister, Patsy, babysat for Nik and Cameron. Nik loved staying over at Camerons because they could stay up as late as they wanted. Camerons mom made break-and-bake chocolate chip cookies for them. No offense to Gramma Sandy, but Mrs. Fanuccis cookies and lemonade were the best.
The boys played video games in the rec room downstairs while Patsy sat on the couch texting her boyfriend. Cameron won. Nik won the rematch. When they got tired of games, Cameron turned on the TV. 
Rachel Dudek was talking to Pippa Johnston. 
Look, its Rachel, Nik said.
Tomorrow is Victims of Gun Violence day at the Cultural Center, she said. 
I know that place. Grammie Grace took Rachel and me there. Hey, thats Curtis Jones brother. He was in the driveway when Pippa was here. 
The football team is going, Patsy said. Theyre all taking the train tomorrow.
Are you going? Nik asked Patsy.
No, just the boys.
They forgot to invite us. Niks lip started to quiver.
Patsy ruffled his hair. Do you want to go? I can call my brother.
Nik nodded.
Ill be right back. We need some more cookies. 
Cameron and Nik searched for something to do, finally settling on wrestling. When Patsy returned, they were in a pile of limbs on the floor. She put a plate of cookies on the table. Mike will pick you up tomorrow morning.
Thanks, Patsy.
Finish up your snack and get to bed. Youre going to need a good nights sleep.
###
Nik woke up to a tapping on the window. Cameron was still asleep on the pull-out bed. The house was quiet. Camerons parents were still sleeping. Grampa Joe and Gramma Sandy were probably still asleep. Patsy said they would get home late night from the game. 
Nik got up and went to the window. The rapping continued. He opened the curtain and saw Mike waving at him. He pulled on the pants and Superman t-shirt he was wearing the night before and walked up the stairs. Opening the back door, he saw his new blue bike waiting for him. He hopped on it and followed Mike to the station where a bunch of big boys were gathered on the benches. Mike introduced him as my friend Nik. A guy with massive shoulders said, Good morning, little man. Are you coming with us?
Nik nodded.
Are your grandparents meeting us? Mike asked.
Theyre going to drive down. The lie flew out of his mouth with such ease he continued, Grampa Joe hates taking the train.
OK, then. Come with me.
Nik followed Mike to the platform where the train was pulling into the station. Mike guided him to the upper deck where the boys were staking out seats. Hey everybody, this is Nik Larkin.
He sat down next to Mike as the big boys called him buddy and pal and shorty. 
###
On Sunday morning, Beth stayed in her room, reading and writing in her journal until she heard sounds downstairs. Around 10:00 am doors opened and the smell of coffee wafted up the stairs. She went downstairs and poured a bowl of cereal.
Are you sure you want cereal? Joe said. Im making omelets.
Sandy, still in her robe, opened the slider to let in the soft summer air. Its so quiet without Niklas. I miss him.
Why dont you call Camerons house and tell him to come home for breakfast? Joe said.
Sandy walked to the family room to make the call. When she returned, her face had lost its color. 
Whats the matter? Joe said.
Cindy said Niks not there. He got up before Cameron and left. His bikes gone.
Joe turned off the stove. Ill drive around the neighborhood and look for him.
Im going with you, Beth said. 
Joe drove in silence, scanning the neighborhood for Nik or his blue bike. Finally, he stopped the car and turned to her. You spend a lot of time with Nik. Where do you think he would go?
The other night we went to the sled hill. He wanted to show me the view from the top.
Joe turned the car around and headed toward Community Park. Search near the hill and Ill check out the bike rack. When they reconnoitered ten minutes later, Joe shook his head. Beth tried not to lose it, but she was seized by a panicked dread.
Joe wore his game face. Dont give in now. Think of where else he might have gone.
He loves the penny candy store in the square.
Theyre not open on Sunday.
Nik is six. He doesnt know that. The fifteen-minute ride to the town square stretched her nerves. You know what this reminds me of, Joe?
What?
When you were Niks age and I was in middle school, it was my job to find you and bring you home for dinner. You had so many friends you visited around town, it took what felt like forever to find you. With every passing minute Id worry I would never see you again. I bargained with God. I promised if I found you alive and unhurt, Id be good every day for the rest of my life. If that didnt work, Id pledge to attend Mass every Sunday, even when I was an adult.
Really? I havent noticed you going to church. 
At the very last moment, Id see your bike lying on the ground in Timmy or Tommy or Jimmys yard. She opened the window, hoping the fresh air would keep her from getting sick. Look, Joe, you were right to protect Nik. This probably isnt the right time to say it, but Im sorry Ive been a disappointment to you. I just wanted to be a good sister. 
Joe hit the brakes to avoid hitting a squirrel. Youre right. This isnt the time. Just know that after Mom died, Nik needed you and we are glad you could be with him.
They drove past the town hall, Starbucks, and the Greek diner. As they passed the train station, Beth yelled out, Stop! I see Niks bike over there.
They jumped out of the car. Shoved in the bike rack with no lock was Niks little blue bike. Joe called Sandy. After a brief exchange he turned to Beth and said, Hes all right. You can breathe again. Sandy talked to Patsy Culparo. Nik is on the train with Mike.
She collapsed on a bench. Thank God hes OK. I dont know what I would do.
Dont let your imagination run wild. Like Mom used to say, what you worry about never gets you.
Something else does, they said in unison. They laughed as they returned to the car. 
###
The football players took turns carrying Nik on their shoulders down Randolph to the Cultural Center. He bounced down the street looking in store windows. He smelled sweet caramel from a popcorn shop and deep old smells from puddles in the alleyways. People dressed like sailors crowded the sidewalks along with kids and their parents. When they got to the Cultural Center, Mike took him by the hand, and led him up the steps. They entered a big room full of people. What is the writing on the ceiling? Nik asked Mike. 
Those are the names of the battles of the Civil War. You will study the war in school. Im going to sit with the speakers. Can you sit with the team and wait for me until its over?
Nik sat down at a round table with the football players. Men with white napkins draped over their wrists filled the water glasses. White flowers in glass vases sat in the middle of the table. As Nik reached for a roll, the talking part began. The important little man who was there the day Izzy died spoke. The room was full of people and so warm it made Nik tired. He closed his eyes. After a while he dreamed a woman was crying. He opened his eyes and saw Curtis Jones mother sitting at the head table. She was crying. Charles hugged her. Nik remembered Charles coming toward him with a white flower on the stage. Nik leaned forward and grabbed a flower from the centerpiece. Before anyone could stop him, he was walking to the stage. He climbed the stairs and handed the white flower to Mrs. Jones. She stopped crying. They looked at each other. Charles said thank you. Large hands grabbed him and took him back to the table. Everyone was smiling so Nik knew no one was mad at him. Charles took the microphone and said he would devote his life to promoting non-violence. 
###
Mike drove Nik home after the train ride. He turned the radio to sports talk like Grampa did. Gramma Sandy and Aunt Beth asked him questions and made him talk. Grampa shook hands with Mike in the driveway and clapped him on the back. Mike got back in his car and drove away.
Grampa leaned down and talked in his face. You will never leave the house again without my permission. Is that understood?
Nik dropped his head. Im sorry, Grampa. I just had to go.
Promise me. As they walked in the house Grampa squeezed his shoulder. Get ready for a surprise. Remove your shoes first.
They kicked off their shoes in the garage, adding them to the rows of athletic and going out shoes. Grandpa opened the door to the laundry room and then the door to the family room. Nik heard Mama giggling. Soon she was swooping him up in her arms and kissing his face. Dad was sitting on the couch. He reached for Niklas and the three sat together.
We saw you on TV, Niklas, Mama said. That was very nice of you to give Mrs. Jones a white flower. Did someone tell you to do it?
It was my idea. Nik wore what coach called his game face so they wouldnt know how proud he was of himself.
Thats what I thought, Dad said. Listen, we have some news. Do you want to tell him, Melanie?
Well, little man, were getting married. Dad has a new job and were going to live together as a family.
Nik didnt know what to say. Mom and Dad and Grampa and Gramma stared at him.
Finally, he said, I didnt know the news could be this good!
They all laughed, relieving the tension.
When is the wedding? Gramma Sandy asked. Of course youll have to reserve the church and book a hall. These things take time.
Tyler leaned forward. Thats the other surprise. My job starts in three weeks and wed like to be married so we can find a place to live and start our lives together.
Youre not going to a Justice of the Peace, are you? Grampa Joe frowned.
No. Wed like to have the wedding in your backyard. Melanie knows a minister who will do the ceremony. Well rent a tent and cater the food. It will be way cheaper than a formal reception.
You want to get married in the back yard? Will I have to move my toys? Everyone laughed.
If were all together thats what matters, Gramma Sandy said and everyone knew it was settled.
Keenan picked up Nik and put him on his back. You know the best part? Were going to get married on your birthday.
Mama swept the hair from his eyes. Did you know your birthday is on the longest day of the year? Its called the summer solstice.
Nik fell back in Mamas arms while the adults talked and laughed.

Chapter Twenty-Two
Nik stepped on the deck wearing a white tuxedo jacket and black pants with a zipper. Mom was wearing a crown of flowers. Dad was wreathed in smiles. They practiced something called vows with a man named minister. Nik was a little bored until Cameron and some other kids showed up. Gramma Sandy called them his cousins and relations. He had never seen them before.
Gramma said to everyone who arrived how lucky they were to have a nice day for an outdoor wedding.
Just as the wedding was about to start, Arturo arrived with his grandson. Nik ran over to Tito and said, Im so glad to see you. Tito traced circles in the grass with the toe of his cowboy boot. 
Aunt Beth was arranging flower garlands on the makeshift altar. Arturo called out, Hey, chica! She stepped toward Arturo, tripping over nothing.
Tyler winked at him. Nik knew this was the surprise his father had told him about. A song called the wedding march began. No one marched; the wedding party just walked very slowly. Nik followed them on the grass sidewalk lined with flowers. His parents came next, taking time to send their smiles to the people in the rented chairs. Mr. Minister was waiting for them on the deck, holding a big black book. We gather together today to witness the wedding of Tyler Larkin and Melanie Totson.
Nik noticed a squirrel running on the roof. A second squirrel started chasing him. They crashed into each other, making a lot of noise. The crowd couldnt help but laugh. Tyler read from a piece of paper about how lucky he was. Mama grabbed Dads hands and talked so softly, only he could hear her. Finally it was over. The adults gathered to toast the newly married couple. Gramma Sandy told Niklas he could remove his jacket.
Cameron took off his jacket. He started to take off his shirt, but his mother stopped him. He motioned for Nik to join him near the pop cooler. Hey, why dont we play 500 while the adults drink their spodee-o-dee?
Whats 500? Nik asked.
My dad says kids played it in the last century. All we need are bats and balls.
Nik found the equipment in the garage and laid it on the grass. A band of kids gathered from the wedding. Kids riding their bikes around the neighborhood joined them. Soon there were 20 kids playing 500 in the street in front of the house. Tito hit the ball farther than anyone. At first Nik was jealous, but it was such an awesome game, he couldnt be mad. 
When the children got sick of playing baseball, they gathered paper boats from the centerpieces and floated them on the creek. The boats got wet and sank, so Cameron went home and got his remote control boat. He let all the kids take turns. They sent the boat down the creek and then brought it back to the party. 
The adults who would normally be supervising them were busy giving toasts. Nik saw them lift their glasses of spodee-o-dee. He didnt see any toast.
Some musician friends of Tyler arrived. They set up their instruments inside the tent and started to play. The adults danced in couples. Nik and Cameron laughed at Grampa Joe dancing with one hand behind his back. Nik imitated his grandfather. Soon everyone was dancing with a hand behind the back.
The archangels Michael and Gabriel watched the festivities from the flowering crabapple tree. What a perfect day, Michael said. 
You dont get too many perfect days on earth, Gabriel said. Lets join them. I cant remember the last time I danced.
Michael, as protector, was reluctant to leave his vantage point. The music was irresistible, drawing him toward the dance floor. The band thought it was jamming, but they were playing a tune composed by God for this special day. 
The kids gathered on the dance floor. As the music got faster, they devised their own dances. The boys ripped their coats off and flung them in a pile on the floor. The girls wore bracelets on their wrists and anklets which glowed in the dark. Parents, children and archangels danced with happy abandon.
During a slow number, the children decided to patrol the yard. They spied Beth and Arturo kissing under an arbor. Its the solstice, mi amor, Arturo said. Cameron made kissing sounds. Tito punched him. Leave my abuelo alone.
Nik lead the band of kids to the front of the house. They filched bikes from Joes garage and rode around the neighborhood with a giddy freedom as the longest day of the year dwindled. Casting their bikes on the lawn like abandoned steeds, they gathered in a circle. It was getting dark. Nik could barely see Camerons face.
What should we do next? Cameron asked.
Lets get some cake, Tito said. The cake was on a long table inside the tent. The kids cut big pieces and slid them on to paper plates.
Lets get some ice cream, Nik said, opening the slider. A gang of kids followed him inside. The Cubs game was on TV. All of a sudden the ball game switched to a picture of Mr. Murphy with two dates above his face. Pippa Johnston was wearing a sad face. 
Get your grampa, an older cousin said. 
Nik ran outside. He found Grampa smoking a cigar with Mr. Plotkin. Behind them Gramma Sandy was asking Mrs. Fanucci where Camerons dad was. Nik had been taught never to interrupt adults, so he stood there as she explained Vince Fanucci was running in a marathon to raise money for the Izzy Plotkin scholarship fund. 
When Mr. Plotkin choked on his cigar, Nik took the opportunity to say, Grampa, Mr. Murphy is on TV.
What is he doing, Nik?
I dont know. Pippa is showing a picture of him and looking sad.
Grampa Joe pulled out his phone and Googled Geoff Murphy. An awful recognition dawned on his face. Dear God. Geoff was shot while he was out for a run in DC. 
Whats the outlook? Mr. Plotkin asked.
He didnt make it.
The wedding guests started to gather in the family room. Pippa Johnston talked about the death of Keenan Murphy and Geoff Murphys work to pass gun control laws. A picture of Niklas and Cameron flashed on the screen as Pippa explained how the children had canvassed coast to coast.
Wheres Peg? Grampa asked.
She didnt come today, Gramma Sandy said. She hasnt gone out much since Keenan died.
Doreen Plotkin crumpled on the couch. They say he was out for a jog in Rock Creek Park. Someone shot him. The shooter is still at large.
###
The shooter is not at large, thought God. His name is engraved in my heart. He watched the police taking Geoff Murphy's body out of Rock Creek park on a stretcher. 
St. Francis joined him. Another tragedy?
There you are, Francis. I was just thinking killers are a failure of love, mine or the worlds. Whatever happened to the mischievous boy I created? How could Cal Prickett go from whispering jokes into his classmates ears to killing a colleague?
St. Francis stared in awe at his God bereft. Im sorry the angels werent there to stop Prickett. They were all dancing at the Larkin wedding."
Francis, God said. Don't you know they are all my angels? Geoff Murphy and Cal Prickett. Curtis Jones and the boys who killed him. Children shot on the streets of Chicago and children shot in their classrooms in Sandy Hook. Moviegoers, grocery shoppers and workers going about their business on an ordinary day. Every single one an angel I created.
I understand. They are your sheep. Unfortunately, the lost sheep is not a loner anymore. Why is every day a struggle to save legions of the lost?
God sighed. Youre right. They seem more like lemmings than sheep in their march to annihilation. But they are people, Francis. I made every single human to be me, to do what I cannot do in the world. I send them up as a patch of sky, born on a sliver of a song and hope not to see them here for 90 years.
Lets go to the Laughter Life, Lord.
Im not up to laughing.
Stephen Larkin told me they are having a special program to honor Geoff Murphy.
###
Stephen Larkin took the stage as they entered the club. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, honored deities. The angel choirs have just welcomed Geoff Murphy into Heaven. Tonight we are going to honor him and all the martyrs to gun violence. There isnt much to laugh about, but at least we will be together.
Before we came here, we wondered what Heaven was going to be like. Some people think everyone goes to the same Heaven, complete with pearly gates and an assessment by St. Peter. Others believe you inhabit the Heaven you imagine.
For many Heaven is a big sports stadium. How may times did you hear of an athlete thanking his father watching from on high. It made me think Heaven would be full of lawn chairs and water bottles.
Only a titter of laughter greeted him. People didnt know whether they should laugh or not.
Geoff Murphy was shot to death in Washington DC. He had just resigned as the top NRA lobbyist. Think about it. The man who led Congress to the greatest compromise of the 21st century ended up giving his own life. What will Murphys Heaven look like? A reunion with the son fatally wounded during a Friday night football game. Separation from his wife who wilts away from grief. I wish I could explain the ways of the world to you. They are even more mysterious now than when I was alive. Id like to read a poem written about a child looking forward to life on earth. It was written by my daughter, Beth, but youll see the fingerprints of divine inspiration.

We all start out a sliver of song combined with a slice of color from the dawn, the day or the nighttime sky. That is how God remembers us as He murmurs our mission our last second in Heaven. He puts our human names on us like a necklace before sending us to earth. On the way down, we see flashes of our future in the twists and turns of winding water park tubes. Mostly we laugh as we are propelled into the warm, welcoming waters of life. As we mature, we forget what God has asked us to do for him. He does not. As the Supreme Artist, He has a design in mind, but all He can do is wait and see how our colors will mix and how our song will rise to Heaven. 
###
Gramma Sandy removed the white candles from the centerpieces and distributed them to the adults. The children were given flashlights. The wedding guests formed a line and walked to the Murphys. When they reached the red house with a white wreath on the door, they stood in the driveway with candles in their hands. After a long time, Mrs. Murphy came out of the house and joined them on the driveway. She looked much smaller than Nik remembered. The adults took turns hugging her and crying with her.
Popper, the Murphys Jack Russell terrier, nuzzled Niks hand. Then the dog took off running. Nik chased her to the back of the yard near the creek. His eye was drawn to a red bush that looked like it was on fire. When he got closer, he saw the bush was lit up by bright starlight blowing through the leaves. The strange light and the adults crying made his stomach feel weird. It was another day that started out happy, but ended sad.
A deep gentle voice wished him happy birthday. Come over here, Nik. Dont be afraid. Its God.
The burning red light inside the bush turned blue. It was the calm, pulsing blue he had seen around the man who played jazz piano in Heaven. Nik remembered the voice guiding him down the slide to earth. He liked Him.
Sit down in the grass, son. Lie back and look up.
Nik did as he was told. The sky was capped with stars. One shone brighter than the rest. Is that Izzy?
Yes, it is. 
Nik cupped his hands behind his head. How is he?
He is the shining star I meant him to be.
I miss him.
Youve done well, my son. I gave you some very hard jobs to do for me these last six years. You put your heart into helping other people even when you didnt understand. Now I will ask you to fulfill my purpose. You will become your true self as you carry Izzy in your heart.
How will I do that? Nik heard Tyler calling him. He had to stay and listen to God.
My plan for Izzy was to change hearts with brilliant words. Now you will become a great writer. A writer of comedy.
I hardly know how to read. I look at the fifth graders and worry Ill never be as smart as they are.
God chuckled. Right now just concentrate on being seven. Knowledge comes softly after great application. One day you will know amazing things and not remember how they came to you, like how the stars shine and the essence of blue.
Tylers voice was closer now. What should I do?
Make me laugh, boy. Make everyone laugh. Use your love and strength and the power I gave you with your name. You know St. Nicholas is the protector of children?
Yes. Do you hear my dad calling me? I dont want him to worry. I better go. 
Yes, Nicholas, I have to let you go now. In thirty seconds it will be your birth time and you will be seven years old. You will no longer hear my voice as you do now. 
Ill miss you. 
Dont worry. I will always be with you.
Tyler and Melanie yelled his name as they ran toward him. The light in the bush went dark and the stars dimmed to normal strength.
Tyler scooped him up in his arms. Are you all right? Mama asked. Who were you talking to?
An old friend, Nik said, happy to see his mother and father in the same place. He had to leave.
Youll have to introduce us next time, Mama said. Lets go home. I baked a special cake for your birthday. Did you have a good day?
He nodded. Now Im completely seven. Hands outstretched to his parents, Niklas Larkin flipped his palms to the sky, as if he were holding the world, lightly, in his hands.

THE END

