THE ART SCHOOL DANCE

Maria Blanca Alonso

Published by Maria Blanca Alonso at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Maria Blanca Alonso

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Things may come and things may go but the art school dance goes on forever: Pete Brown and Piblokto


Contents

Book One: Ginny Da Vinci
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14

Book Two: Virginia Plain
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12

Book Three: Virginia Fair
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11

About the author
BOOK ONE

GINNY DA VINCI

a portrait of the artist as a young woman

Chapter One

On my way into college I paused to do a quick sketch of this old dear walking towards me. She was a hefty piece of flesh, buttocks sticking out at the back as a counter-balance for the weight she carried up front, skin falling like fleshy cataracts beneath her chin, bosoms swinging like udders, and I managed what I thought was quite a clever little caricature, very Gerald Scarfe or Ralph Steadman-ish if were looking for a modern influence, George Grosz or maybe Cruickshank if we think a little further back. As the woman reached me she went up on tiptoe to take a peek at the drawing, studied it for no more than a moment and then flared her nostrils, calling me a cheeky young madam.
There were hairs hanging from her nose and they flapped like bunting as she snorted her anger.
Yes? I smiled politely. I had a slight grin on my face, impish, but nothing too offensive.
Give that here! the woman demanded, but I shook my head and easily held the sketchpad out of reach, a tantalising distance above her head. I was like a mother teasing a child and it really pissed her off, on account of our difference In age. Well rub it out then! she huffed.
Sorry, love, but this is art, itll outlive the both of us. The poor dear was so peeved, now, her face was red and she was beginning to sweat, so out of sheer devilment I decided to upset her a little more. In any case, the inks indelible, I added, with a condescending frown. Yes, its a long word, I know, but basically it means that you can scrub and scrub as much as you like and it wont go away. Clever, eh?
The old woman didnt seem to think so.
You cheeky little cow! she said, and started her handbag swinging, coming from way behind her shoulder, so I scooted out of reach with a laugh.
There were people looking, I knew that; there always were. The jacket was what caught the eye first, scuffed dull leather with the name on the back, Ginny da Vinci, in polished chromium studs; then they saw the hair, short as any blokes, bleached blonde and spiky, and they gave a giggle or grunted with disgust; last of all they noticed the jeans, not denim blue any more but faded and torn and caked with paint of all colours, some fresh, some pastel pale. This was when it clicked and they put a place to the face, if not a name, when they muttered to themselves shes one of them, meaning an art student.
I should have known it was going to be difficult, being an art student in a town like Sleepers Hill. I mean-! Sleepers Hill! What a name to conjure with! Were not talking about an oil painting here, that much was for sure, not the sort of place that wouldve interested Canaletto. What we had was a dormitory of a town where the houses were as silent as sensory deprivation centres and no one ever woke up until a piece of scandal mine?- roused them from their stinking pits. There had always been a lack of romance and sensitivity, in the place and in its people, you only needed to see the way the locals looked at me to understand this. Why, they wouldnt recognise an artist if he threw a can of Dulux at their feet and said it was one of Pollocks. Pollocks?, theyd mutter, and think it was another naughty name for the genitals.
No, forget Sleepers Hill. Paris is where I should have started, and in an earlier time, with the tarts and the Tuileries and absinthe at tuppence a tot, the girls at the Folies Bergeres flashing their knickers and twanging their suspenders. The Sleepers Hill of my youth was a bit short on tarts, at least of the kind an artist could use, the ones of character who were as keen on being immortalised as they were on plying their trade. The women I grew up with were all bums and beehives, tights and twin-sets, and though there were probably suspenders they were never openly on show, not unless you fancied standing in front of the corset shop on the market square and have folk wonder what you were up to.
It was hard, then, trying to be an artist in that desert of a place, so devoid of any cultural heritage. Sleepers Hill was not an environment where a Ginny da Vinci could blossom. 
At least thats what I thought, until I got to know Paula.
*
It was on the same morning of my set-to with the old lady that I first really noticed Paula.
Skipping out of the way of the old hags flailing bag, observed by many an onlooker, I went on my way with a step so jaunty you could almost sense the conceit in my stride. Ahead of me was the railway station, the station by which I would eventually leave that miserable town, just down the hill to the right; I turn left at that point, though, it was not quite time for me to leave yet, went downhill towards college. The building was old brick, Victorian, bright red in the autumn sun, and because it sat on a slope there were a couple of dozen steps to be climbed to get to the main entrance. Sleepers Hill Mining and Technical College was its full title, though there wasn't that much mining studied there any more, not with most of the collieries closed and the industry in decline; mainly the place was full of plasterers and bricklayers, beefy lads who thought that the art that I did was for sluts and ponces, and with the art school being at the top of the building there were three floors of such boneheads to get past before I reached the studios. Going into college could be a risky business at times, especially for a person who stood out from the crowd, like I did, with my distinctive jacket and my bleached hair cropped close.
That morning I made it upstairs okay, though, because I was early or late or maybe all the semi-skilled got too drunk the night before to pay me any attention. Whatever the reason I made it safely into the studio, there was no one chasing me, but Ben was there with a hammer at the ready all the same, prepared to chase unwanted visitors.
All quiet with the craftsmen this morning? he asked, and laid down the hammer when I confirmed that it was. The head of that select school of art there were never more than two dozen students each year- Ben looked like hed been put together by one of the brickies downstairs, solid and large but with bits sticking out where there shouldnt be; he claimed this was muscle but it looked more like bone, there was no muscle in the places he found it, certainly not developed to that extent.
As I was about to take out the oils and brushes, get into the painting while the enthusiasm and the inspiration was still there, I saw that Ben was arranging a moth-eaten couch in the centre of the room. It was then that I remembered; Tuesday, life class day. Nothing I could do until everyone else arrived, then, so I sat down on a stool and smoked a cigarette, watch Ben drape the couch with curtains and odd bits of fabric. It was going to be a reclining pose, then, which I preferred; I found these easier than when the model was standing.
Slowly people drifted into the studio Gus, Jeff, Chrissie and others- and by the time the class was due to start there were about a dozen of us there. When we were all assembled Paula arrived, the model who also happened to be the college secretary, wished everyone a cheery good morning and went into the changing room, a tiny cubicle in a corner of the studio, drawing the curtain after her; she was an attractive woman, blonde and very slim, and though all us students pretended to have the artists detached view to her naked body I dont suppose that there was a single one amongst the blokes who hadnt dreamt about her at some time or other, nor a single one of us girls who didnt envy her figure.
Alright, so I had noticed her before that particular Tuesday, it was very difficult not to notice a woman who sat stark naked in front of you for three hours at a stretch. That Tuesday it all started to change, though, it was... well, youll see what I mean.
While Paula stripped in the privacy of her cubicle us students set our drawing boards on donkeys or easels, chatted, sharpened pencils, waited; she finally came out wearing a short robe, walked over to the couch, then let the robe slip to the floor.
How do you want me? she asked Ben, and someone Gus, probably, I guess- gave a suggestive cough as she climbed onto the couch. Ben arranged her, an arm here, a leg like this, the head a little more that way, his big hands pawing her all over, and when he was happy with the pose he told us to get down to it, which we did, hunched over drawing boards, eyes constantly flicking back and forth between drawings and the model. Oggie Ogden, a bit of a weirdo, lit a joss stick and clipped it to his board, a cheap perfume which stank to high heaven; he was like some retro hippie, wanting to be different like we all did in those days, in that town, quite fanatical about it, even down to wearing beads around his neck, a rosary with the cross snipped off which had his Irish Catholic mother constantly praying for the redemption of his soul.
Ben strolled around the studio looking at the drawings, sometimes content with making suggestions but more often than not making corrections. He was a nuisance that way, especially in the life class; if he thought theres something wrong with a drawing he wouldnt just rub out the bit that offended him and neatly show how it was done. Not Ben. No, he would scrub away with a spit-wet thumb, smudging all the careful work, and then scribble in how he thought it should be. Never mind that a student might have done a delicate drawing, with soft tones and fine lines, as lyrical as a poem and as fragile as a butterfly; Bens contribution would be like a scar gouged across the rolling landscape of Paulas body.
I was a little worried, then, when he looked over my shoulder and studied my drawing for a while, muttering softly to himself; I could smell the perspiration on his body and he was breathing heavily, as if the drawing excited him or angered him, but he made no move towards it, simply sauntered on to someone else, and I was as pleased as I was relieved, thinking that my work must be improving. My line grew freer and my strokes more sure as I relaxed.
After we had been working for about three quarters of an hour Ben asked Paula if she needed a break and she nodded, got stiffly from the couch, flexed arms and legs to ease some feeling into her cramped limbs; her breasts were stretched this way and that, at one point so flat that they seemed almost boyish, until she covered them with her robe. Then, as Ben had done, she made a tour of the studio to see how well people had depicted her. At my side she bent so close that I could smell her perfume mingled with perspiration there were electric fires on all sides of the couch- a cloying fragrance which made me shudder for some reason.
Very nice, Ginny, she said, resting a hand on my shoulder, and I felt the warmth of her touch through the thin fabric of my shirt. Ill look even better when I get a face.
Ginny wont give you one, though, Gus called over, knowing that I often had trouble with faces, and I mouthed a silent curse in his direction.
Paula pouted, pretending to be disappointed, said that she'd always considered her face her finest feature, and Gus coughed suggestively again, then blamed the cough on Oggie Ogdens joss stick when Ben frowned at him.
We had time for a cigarette and then were at it again, through until lunchtime. With about a quarter of an hour to go I was satisfied with what Id done and sat back, arms folded, admiring the drawing; I knew that the secret of a successful piece of work lay mainly in knowing when to stop.
Finished? Ben asked me, noting my inactivity from across the studio.
I reckon so, I said, and he came over, stood beside me and studied the drawing intently.
Renoir, he finally said, with a gruff authority, believed that a nude was finished when he felt that he could caress the breasts and buttocks. Thats what its all about, Ginny, breasts and buttocks. Tits and bums to you lot, he added more loudly, for the benefit of the class in general, and then gestured towards my drawing. Now do you feel that you could caress those breasts and buttocks?
Its charcoal, I told him with a grin. It would smudge if I did.
He smiled at the slight joke without being distracted by it, flashing a chipped front tooth. But do you imagine that you could? Would you be able to feel their roundness, their weight, the sheer sensuality of the flesh?
His hands moulded breasts and buttocks in the air as he spoke, and I was none too happy with such talk, I just wanted a drawing that would be fairly realistic, not one that might feature on the pages of a mens magazine. I shrugged, grumbled, say, Dunno.
Oh, come on! said Ben impatiently, and grabbed me by the wrist.
Come on where? I asked, as he pulled me to my feet; I tried to resist, but he was too strong for me and started to tug me across the floor.
Come feel Paulas breasts and buttocks, see if youve got the same sensuality in your drawing.
Give over! I told him, and looked anxiously towards Paula, but she just gave a slight heave of the shoulders, as if to say that she didnt mind, that its all in a days work.
By now Ben had me at the couch and he brought my hands to the models breasts, told me to feel, gently. Him telling me to be gentle, when his hands gripped mine like vices!
Well, can you feel?
Yes, I could feel, but could see very little. I was too embarrassed to look at Paula so I kept my gaze fixed on the ceiling, studying the skylights, looking at the clouds above and wondering if it might rain or if wed have snow that winter, while my hands fumbled blindly about, as if in a bran tub. Paulas breasts were warm and soft, also slightly damp with perspiration, like my hands; when my palms rested on the nipples they seemed to harden, like crisps, or like popcorn without the sticky coating.
Now, is there that same sensation in the breasts youve drawn? Ben demanded of me. There were smiles all around the studio but he didnt notice, and wouldnt have understood them if he had.
Ill, er, go back and work on it some more, I said, and heard Gus clear his throat.
Ben released his grip and I returned, red-faced and trembling, to my drawing.
Thank you, Paula, he said.
My pleasure, she replied, and I promised that if Gus coughed again Id throttle him.
*
Predictably there were jibes, later, over what happened with Paula, and it was these which served to fix the episode in my mind. Gus asked me if I'd enjoyed myself. I said no, I hadnt, and called him a voyeur when he grinned, said hed probably been more excited watching than Id been touching, indulging himself in some lesbian fantasy. He laughed, a loud laugh which caused people to turn their heads and look, and when people looked they saw his broad white toothy grin and wide-eyed expression which seemed brighter and more brilliant behind the glasses he wore; when Gus laughed it was as though he did so as much out of wonder as out of amusement, almost as if he could see a little more than the rest of us.
There were plenty of people in the college canteen that day, to turn their heads when he laughed. A trio of girls from the catering course stared at our group as if offended by the laughter, stared at me especially since I seemed to be the cause of it all, so I gave them a disdainful look and a toss of the head, turning away like some haughty young woman who was spurning a mans advances. And maybe they were more offended by this than by the laughter; it might account for their later attitude towards me.


Chapter Two

Youre not going out in that thing, are you? my mother asked, when she saw that I was wearing my fathers old army greatcoat. It was the only thing I'd kept of his after his death, a few sizes too big for me but just the right thing, distinctive, with a collar I could hide behind and so long it almost reached down to my feet. When I saw the tearful gleam in my mothers eye I wasn't sure if it was because of the memories the coat occasioned or because of the extra shame I was going to cause her by dressing like a tramp.
Its cold out tonight, I told her.
So? Youve got a perfectly good coat in the wardrobe.
She meant the smart black Marks and Sparks number from the days when I dressed stylishly, a thing I wouldnt be seen dead in once I became an art student. Becoming an art student had changed me, had helped me to realise that it was manners that made a person, not clothes; as an artist I was learning to look beyond the superficial, to look more deeply rather than accept things at face value.
There was a time not too long ago when my mother would have argued, insisted, refused to let me out dressed so scruffily, but that was before my father died. Once we had buried him she seemed to tire quickly, she took to spending long spells in an armchair where previously she had been on the go all the time; she and Gran had come to look more like sisters than mother and daughter. To let her know that I wasn't deliberately trying to upset her I gave her a peck on the cheek, tell her I wouldnt be late, behaved like a loving daughter was expected to behave. As I left the house, though, I wasn't sure quite how I felt towards my mother; perhaps it was because of her weary defeated attitude, which encouraged pity rather than love, or perhaps it was something more complicated. I was selfish, I knew that, selfish enough that any love for others should be affected by it; I never thought enough about other people, but then I believed that an artist had to be selfish, that an artist had to think about their work to the detriment of everything else. Maybe I was wrong, certainly there were people who would insist that I was, but whether right or wrong I didnt think that I should regret being true to my beliefs.
Once on the street, away from the gloom of the house, I began to feel cocky again, a burden seemed to lift from me and there was that jaunty spring in my step that I enjoyed, the smug smile on my face that it brought. I turned into the close where Stephen lived, a sort of courtyard with a small square of grass in the centre and maisonettes facing in on three of the four sides, stood beneath a lamp-post and waited, since Stephens folks werent too fond of me and I never went into the house when they were home. This was all because of what I was and the way I looked, of course. What else could be expected of people in a place like Sleepers Hill? It was ridiculous, but only a year or two earlier I had been their blue-eyed girl, an intelligent and respectable young girl who was just right for their son, future mating material, mother to their grandchildren. Then, when I became an art student, they started to regard me as if I was a cockroach scuttling across their precious snow-white hearth rug. If they met me on the street they pretended not to know me.
After a while an upstairs curtain twitched, Stephen checking to see that I had arrived, there was something which might have been a wave or a gesture to stay under cover, and a minute or two later he came striding out to meet me, his leather-soled shoes echoing around the close, gave me a big kiss on the mouth and then hugged me to him as we walked along.
Did you have a good day? I asked him, feeling a tickle in my nose as I caught the scent of his aftershave..
Bloody, he said, not cursing, for he never had since he left school, since he started work at the council offices, and he disapproved if I ever did.
He told me about his day at the office and it sounded so boring to me, a repetitive routine with not a spark of creativity involved. Stephen seemed to enjoy the work, though, despite the complaints he always had to make, and as I listened distractedly I thought that maybe it wasn't such a bad idea for a young girl living on a student loan to have a boyfriend who earned a wage. Not that money was the reason Id stayed with Stephen for so long. No. We were still together because he had actually developed into a surprisingly nice young man, bright and cheery and not at all bad looking, maybe still a little too podgy about the cheeks but that was just the artist in me being a little too fussy.
In town we went to the Crofters for a drink, not the place I would have chosen, not the sort of pub I went to with the folk from the art school; it was too modern and flashy, gassy beer and noisy music and lights popping whichever way you looked. It had the young crowds atmosphere which Stephen preferred, though, so I humoured him, we sat at a copper-topped table which reflected so many lights that it dazzled, me with a half of lager and Stephen with a pint. It was hot and stuffy and Stephen took off his coat. He still wore his tie, though, his crisply ironed shirt staying buttoned to the neck. I knew he would have changed, before coming out with me, but he still looked as though hed come directly from work. I smiled to think of how we used to be, me with my skirts so short that they were barely visible when I sat down, him with his hipster trousers and Ben Sherman shirts. Stephen had matured in a lot of ways, in the years since I first met him, but they were not always ways that I felt comfortable with.
When the talk of his day has been exhausted I told him about mine, mentioned that it had been the day for the life class.
Yes? he said, which was his usual monosyllabic response to the subject of life drawing, hinting that he did not quite approve of it especially on those rare occasions when the model was a man- but understood that it was necessary.
I did a pretty good drawing, I boasted, picturing it in my mind, the delicate line, the comfortable pose which described a woman at ease with herself.
Good, he said, but I knew that he would never want to see it. Some blokes would have been goggle-eyed keen to see a drawing of a naked woman, in the absence of an explicit photograph a competent sketch would suffice, but not Stephen.
At least I thought it was good until Ben came along, I continued. You know what hes like, he wasnt so sure, said that Renoir knew a nude was finished when he felt he could caress the breasts and buttocks.
Huh! he snorted, slightly disgusted.
Tits and bums, he called them, asked me if I felt the same way about my drawing.
Stephen frowned, took a quick drink of beer. I hope you didnt answer him.
I told him it was charcoal, said the drawing would smudge if I touched it.
Good, he said approvingly, not appreciating the joke, just glad that I hadnt let Ben encourage me. What did he have to say to that?
He pulled me across to the model and told me to feel hers.
He never!
He did. Dragged me over there and slapped my hands on her breasts.
No! Stephen was as horrified as my mother would have been, if she had learned of the episode, gulped quickly at his drink. Well!
So there I was, my hands full of her boobs while everyone watched. I saw the funny side, then, as I went over the story, but Stephen was not in the least amused; his expression was like stone, hard and chiselled but with none of the life of an accomplished piece of sculpture, just cold and vacant.
I dont want to hear any more, Virginia, he said, and it was when he called me Virginia rather than Ginny that I knew he was peeved, that Id better be quiet.
I went to the bar for more drinks, quickly, before Stephen could protest that this is his duty. Though the room was warm I still had on my greatcoat, unbuttoned, and it billowed out behind me like a cape as I crossed the floor; one or two people stared, someone sniggered, but I didnt care and I stood proudly at the bar, not as tall as Stephen but still tall enough to look imposing, proud that I was different, with no hint of shame or embarrassment. Returning with the drinks I sat close to Stephen, shoulder to shoulder, and I could smell his aftershave again, a delicate fruity fragrance. I sneezed, blew my nose on a tissue, noticed him frown when he saw that it was stained with paint.
He smelled more fragrant than I did, I realised, quickly tucking the tissue away, and thought I should have splashed some perfume on, but there was only my mothers, a musty funereal fragrance, not used since Dad died. I said no more about the life class but the memory was still there, and with it came the faint recollection of Paulas perfume, the vaguest hint of something expensive beneath the slight tang of sweat. Idly I wondered what it might have been. Something that would not be tickling the sinuses, I supposed. Something expensive.
So. What should we do? said Stephen, interrupting my thoughts, drawing me back to the present, to the noisy garish surroundings.
When I looked at the clock over the bar I saw that it was just after eight, asked if his parents were going out that night, knowing that they usually did on Tuesdays.
Yes, he said. Theyre going to the Labour Club about half eight.
So, I sighed, looking around at the crowd, not really wanting to share their company any longer. What should we do? The pictures?
But I knew this wasnt what Stephen had planned, not what we usually did on Tuesday evenings, and I wasn't surprised when he said, Its too late.
We could still catch the main film.
You know I hate that, going in when the programmes started. 
Well then- What?
We could go back to my house, he casually offered, as if it was a novel idea.
*
As we walked from the pub, along the drab streets, yellow sodium lights spilled from the narrow cobbled alleys we passed, or splashed across the tediously tidy brickwork of newer estates, the redeveloped areas of our resurgent town. By that time in my life, eighteen years old, I was really getting to hate the place. I wanted somewhere new, a town with an art gallery, a city with a university and some entertainment other than the cinema, a place where there were cultured people. Stephen had never been cultured; he might have been nice in many ways, but by no stretch of the imagination could he ever be called cultured.
I felt his body warm against mine and realised just how cool the night had become. He was warm in a way that a coal fire wasnt, warm as only another person could be, and I thought, sometimes, that it was the warmth of people that I needed, rather than the people themselves. My father used to be warm, and my mother too, while he was still alive; they were strict but they were fair and in their warmest moments I had been able to feel their love burning like a flame. When my father died, though, his flame naturally went with him and my mothers was dimmed at the same time.
The one thing that was burning at that particular moment, however, as I walked home with Stephen, was the memory of the life class, and having him on my arm, his hip nudging mine, was like a bellows pumping the flame, making the coals glow brighter. When we turned into the close the first thing I did was check that the living room light was off, which it was, meaning that Stephens parents were out, enjoying their customary Tuesday evening of beer and Bingo. As cautious as ever, though, when Stephen inserted his key into the lock and opened the door he called out that he was home, and we waited for a reply; if there was none, which was usually the case, we entered, but on those occasions that there was a response the evening would end with a quick kiss and a sorry look before I was sent away.
There was no answer, it was the usual Tuesday evening timetable which might be expected of a courting couple. Stephen closed the door and we climbed the stairs to the first floor living room, him following after me so he could get an eye-level view of my buttocks gyrating. There was a slight rasping noise as I moved, the underskirt and tights I wore for the feel of silk -or more accurately, nylon- against my skin. At that time I was fond of texture; there was a lot of it in my paintings.
Stephens parents living room was much like any other that I knew, cramped, clean and tidy but rather too cluttered with possessions. There was really no room for a three piece suite, but one had been squeezed in, as obligatory an item of furniture in Sleepers Hill as the glass-fronted display cabinet which held the best china and one or two pieces of silver plate. There were framed family photographs on the fire surround and a shocking landscape -from Woolworths or Boots- hanging on one wall. Luckily this was behind the couch, so once I was seated I didnt have to look at it.
Before Stephen took off his coat he busied himself about the place, fussing around as if it was his alone, switching on the electric fire, filling the kettle, putting on music; the records he had were the ones we used to listen to when we first started going out together, soul music and the like, all the slow smoochy ones, the ones he might have said were evocative if the word had occurred to him. My tastes had changed since those early days together, I was into other styles and deeper meanings, but Stephen wasnt one for change so it was usually me who had to suffer his tastes, me who had to smile and nod, at some point in the evening, when he said Remember when-? It seemed that even then, not yet out of his teens, Stephen was looking to the past, was afflicted by a middle aged nostalgia while I was looking to the future. Certainly I didnt know what the future held, and perhaps would have been content not to find out, but its promise posed a challenge and excited me.
When Stephen had made the coffee and brought the cups through to the living room he finally took off his coat and sat beside me. It was only a matter of moments before he had his arm around me and I had my head on his shoulder. The coffee was then left to go cold and I found myself drawn into an act which had become as much a ritual for me as the Catholic mass Id forsaken, with the moves of the Introit and the Offertory and the Communion so carefully choreographed.
I enjoyed the mass as a young girl, when there were four services each morning and more on Sundays, benedictions and novenas and a whole riot of rituals. I could see, now, that it was the ritual which drew me, hearing the priest and the altar boys intoning the Latin so solemnly that few others could understand, having the smell of the incense and the click of the thurible, the delicate chime of the Offertory bells. It was when they took the magic from the service that I left, when they swapped the Latin for English and everyone was able to understand what was happening. The whole idea of ritual was that people should be kept in the dark and teased by promises; the congregation never wanted to understand, they just wanted to be tantalised and offered vague clues rather than certain explanations. It was then, when the magic left the faith, that the Church and I parted ways.
But the magic on that night was in something less obviously spiritual. We moved from gentle caresses side by side to slobbering kisses on the horizontal, lying on the settee, and it was once more a case of moving from Introit to Offertory with the promise of the Communion to come.
The first introduction of my body to Stephens was when his right hand grazed my cheek and his left hand clasped my fingers in his, his thumb gently stroking the tip of each; the offering of my body came when his kisses weakened me and I settled more deeply into the settee, one leg raising a little, like a drawbridge, to admit him
The communion, well...
His shirt was open, I had my hand on his stomach and his flesh felt almost like Paulas had, soft and warm. What was different, though, was the contour of the landscape. What I had before me, beside me, was a softly undulating lowland, where previously there had been firm hillocks topped by hard cretaceous peaks. It was then that I started to want something more than the little Stephen offered. I ran my hand across his shoulders, trying to peel away his shirt, let my other slip lower to tug away his trousers, and he squirmed, pretending that he didnt want it there, but I could tell that he liked it, could feel his response.
So if he liked it then why didnt he take off the shirt and the trousers -and his shoes and socks, for Gods sake!- why didnt he strip us both naked and carry me off to his bed where we could both enjoy a little more freedom? The sensations I felt were nice, and there was no denying that I enjoyed them, but there was something lacking; I wanted more intimacy, wanted a body wholly naked, as naked as Paulas had been.
I had reached the stage where I was almost pleading with Stephen to take off his clothes, my hands were frantically tugging at his shirt and trousers, but the urgency of my movements had him too excited and he was in and out, spouting like a geyser and clutching me to him as if the only thing on his mind was making a baby.
Making babies was a popular pastime in Sleepers Hill, the ultimate ambition for many of the population, and it dawned on me that Stephen, for all that he was a bloke, was no different than most. It was apparent that he could never be anything other than what he was; he had a career which would occupy him for a lifetime, he would earn promotions and better himself, and the points which marked his progress would include the house, the car, the wife and the child.
Perhaps it was unkind of me to see his life in such blunt terms, but I was sure that it was an accurate prognostication of the way it would unfold, and I realised that it was not a life that I could share. Freedom was important for me, freedom to think what I liked, to do the work I liked, the freedom not to conform to what was expected of a person born in Sleepers Hill. Even wanting Stephen totally naked, as naked to the touch as Paula had been, was nothing more than a demonstration of this freedom which I craved; it was not the simple lust for physical pleasure that it might have seemed, but something more allegorical, a subconscious metaphor, if you like, in which the freedom of the naked body could be likened to the freedom from small town life. The escape from mundane reality which might come in the arms of a naked man could never be any more elating than my eventual escape from Sleepers Hill.
*
Stephen began to stir on the settee, where we were becoming cramped and uncomfortable, kissed me tenderly a time or two and then said, Mum and Dad will be back soon.
Yes, I understood. I suppose Id better be going.
I sounded reluctant, which I was in a way, for I could easily have tolerated a whole night there in his arms, even half dressed as we were; knowing that a whole night was out of the question, though, and accepting that I had to leave, I was eager to leave quickly and without fuss, to forego any further tenderness and loving words. This wasnt because I was incapable of such things, but because I knew that they would no longer serve any purpose; tenderness would make me want to stay, would make me sad because I couldnt stay and would spoil the mood which had built up so pleasantly during the evening.
I tidied myself, pulled up my tights and fastened my blouse and run my fingers through my hair while Stephen plumped up the cushions so that there were no signs which might make his parents suspicious. As I watched him I saw that he was still attractive, as attractive as he had ever been, but was disturbed to sense something also repellent, not a thing which disgusted me or offended me but something which persuaded me that I wanted to be away. It was not ugliness, at least not in the way that I found the town ugly. As with the town, though, I was aware that there was something missing, perhaps indefinable but none the less vital for all that it was vague. I knew who Stephen was, but it was as if I didnt; I could see him and describe him but I couldnt quite understand him. Who was he? What was he? He was a person, a young man, one of Gods creatures; these were sensible enough answers, but not sufficient in themselves, they only described Stephens physical aspect and left unsaid what was most important of all, the true meaning which was hidden behind the outward appearance.
As I kissed him goodnight at the door I could see nothing beyond the physical, he lived and breathed and smiled as I went but these seemed to be no more than biological accidents; he seemed to be no more than a biological accident, flesh and blood, skin and bone, meat.


Chapter Three

There was honestly no conscious connection between the way I had seen Stephen and the hunks of meat I drew, those carcasses which hung from the butchers stalls in the market hall. The hall was a favourite haunt of mine, a vast and extravagant Victorian structure with masses of girders high above arching this way and that, flying like Gothic buttresses from one wall to another, a frosted dome at the top which shimmered like icing or burned like stained glass according to the weather. In the hall there were stalls selling every type of goods -food, clothes, fancy goods- and I had drawn or painted almost every one at some time or another, but the butchers were the ones I always returned to. Sitting on a folding canvas stool, low down, people could see the work I was doing as they walked past and most of them wondered, some even asked outright: why meat? This went some way to showing the lack of originality of the people of Sleepers Hill, that they should think that art had to be all about traditional beauty; no one in their right mind would want a painting of a slab of beef hanging over their mantelpiece, this was the way they reasoned, a pretty picture for the living room was what people generally needed. What had been good enough for Soutine was good enough for me, though; that he had painted pieces of meat until they putrefied and the smell upset the neighbours was something which quite delighted me.
The butchers in the market all knew me, they soon got used to me and stopped laughing at me once they saw that I was unaffected by their ridicule, even began to offer me cups of tea when I was ready for a break or slip me a pound of mince or braising steak to take home; I liked to think that through my work the butchers had learned to see a beauty which they had previously missed, that they, at least, grasped a little of the meaning of modern art.
On this particular morning when there was meat on my mind, though, a day or two after seeing Stephen as nothing more than a biological accident, I could see the way the work was progressing and noticed that the beauty was slipping from me, that the succulent red flesh and creamy marbled fat was starting to look rather mutilated; the carcasses, as I had depicted them, were tortured and racked like crucifixions, bleeding and broken, and the more I became aware of the change the more I wondered if there was a reason for it.
This is all getting a bit bloody, Arthur remarked, looking at the drawing as he brought me a cup of tea; he was one of the oldest butchers in the market, a stout bloke with face and hands as raw a red as the meat he sold.
I agreed, add as an excuse, Meat usually is though, isnt it?
Not when its butchered properly it isnt, he said, with a look of professional disgust. That looks like its been hacked at by a novice.
Again I had to agree, wondering why the drawing was turning out as it was. The mood affected the medium, perhaps?
Best you give it a rest for the day, Ginny love, Arthur suggested, going back behind his counter. We dont want folk thinking this is an advert for my business, do we?
I smiled, accepted his suggestion, packed my things as I drank the tea.
*
Later, back at college, Ben pointed out a certain influence of Francis Bacon, and though I laughed at the unintended pun I could see what he meant.
It wasnt intentional, I told him.
No, perhaps not, but it might be useful to have a look at some of Bacons work all the same. Why dont you pop down to the library and have a browse?
I said I would, but didnt, not there and then, for I had always been a little wary of looking too closely at another artists work; there was certainly a time and a place for that, but when I was preoccupied with a work of my own was never propitious. There was the danger that I might be too greatly influenced by what I saw, that I might take a little bit here and a little bit there to put into my own work. This was excusable, of course, all modern art contains some response to the art of the past, but I was never quite sure that it was right for me as a student.
Instead of going to the library, then, I found a stretcher frame and some cotton duck and started to prepare a canvas. I took my time, my canvasses were always well prepared, tacked the fabric to the frame and soaked it with water to stretch it tight like a drum-skin. I had coated it with glue-size, primed it with emulsion, was sitting back smoking a cigarette, gazing at the canvas and making only imaginary marks, when Gus came into the studio. He regarded the canvas for a moment, grinned slyly at me, then took it from the easel and held it at arms length as if to appraise it. It might have been a six foot snowstorm of white emulsion to anyone else, but to Gus, trained as he was, it was descriptive of a monumental sensation of space, a feeling of desolation and loneliness.
This is fan-bloody-tastic! he said. Its mans lack of direction, a perfect interpretation of him lost in our modern antiseptic world.
Thanks, I smiled patiently. Its kind of you to say so.
Even at that time, still students, we had already become acquainted with the poses and pretensions of the art world; we had listened intently to those whose language was so lyrical and in perfect rhythm with the art school dance. Art was not a category of perceptual fields, Ben had told us, but one of role playing; it aint what you do, its the way that you do it was how we had translated this, and both Gus and I had rehearsed our parts with care.
It smacks you in the face, Gus continued to enthuse. Theres nothing here, it says nothing because nothing can be said, nothing definite; everything can be qualified to such a degree that ultimately nothing can be said.
Exactly. I thought it best to agree, as Gus smile beamed and his laughter reverberated about the studio.
At this point in his mocking appraisal the canvas left his hands as he spun it through a quarter turn, the top becoming the side and the side becoming the bottom. But does it hang this way? he asked, before spinning it again. Or is it this way?
Careful! I warned, reaching out for the canvas.
But its an important question, Ginny, how you hang it and why.
At the moment the material is more important than the motivation, I told him, taking the canvas from him and carefully setting it back on the easel. I dont want it damaged.
In one of his irksome moods, Gus tried to argue that a more complete statement would be achieved if the canvas was damaged in some way, that an open scar across all that white nothingness would say more about the human condition than any predetermined image. I would have none of it, though, I bade him goodbye and warned him to keep his grubby fingers off my virgin canvas.
I doubt that any other person in Sleepers Hill would have understood a word of that conversation between Gus and me, not unless theyd been to art school themselves, for talk of the human condition would more likely than not have locals think the reference was to bowel movements or something of the like. If there was any attempt to elaborate or explain, then they would never admit that they couldnt understand, would simply level accusations about us being revolutionaries or shit-stirrers, which is quite wide of the mark. Gus and me and the rest of us at the art school, we didnt see ourselves as revolutionaries, but rather as rebels; revolutionaries wanted to change the world, thinking to make it a better place, but our tiny little group at the art school could never be that altruistic; we simply didnt like the world -or Sleepers Hill- the way it was and we turned against it.
As art students, turning against the world we dislike, we were each actually reconstructing our own little worlds within ourselves, in our work and the way we approached it. Strangers were excluded. Walking home from college, leaving my blank canvas still untouched, I realised that in this respect at least Stephen was becoming a stranger; though we might have known each other for quite a few years he was alien to the world I was creating for myself. If ever there was a person who didnt know much about art but knew what he liked, then Stephen was that person; he would often say that a piece of my work was good without knowing why, without understanding the impetus behind it; the logic of that small part of my world was beyond him.
While I was dwelling on this rift which had started to separate our two worlds, little more than half an hour after I got home, Stephen called around to the house. I had been occupied with his portrait the portrait which was later to cause such an uproar- for a number of weeks and he was as eager as I was to see it finished. The painting gave us an excuse to go up to my room, one which my mother and Gran would accept without suspicion or complaint.
Upstairs, Stephen sat on the edge of the bed and I took the canvas, which was facing the wall, and set it on a portable easel borrowed from college. I didnt look at the painting until I had my brushes and oils set out, and when I did I wasn't sure where to begin. I had never been too hot on faces, I could usually make them look like real people but was always aware that the true reality of a person was something more than an exactness of proportion. I had already spent weeks on Stephens portrait and still struggled to capture his true reality, had thought I was getting close to it at the previous sitting but now saw that it was dead as the hunks of meat which hung from the butchers hooks in the market. There was something missing, as there had been on that night when I first saw him as no more than a biological accident, something that was all the more troubling for the fact that it was indefinable. I mixed colours on the palette, thinned them with turpentine and linseed and loaded the brush, but then could find nowhere on the canvas to apply them; the flesh tones belonged to the face, I knew, the soft blue-grey should shade the eyes, it was all so easy that even a child could have put the right colour in the right place, but still it seemed wrong. Stephen was looking away, towards the window as I had posed him, gazing out at drab slate rooftops, so it took some time before he noticed that I was not actually touching my brush to the canvas, simply making hesitant gestures or sometimes dabbing a bit of colour to the background where it didnt matter. I was like a blind person stumbling about an unfamiliar room and Stephen was a stranger I kept blundering into.
Is there something wrong? he finally asked, when a stiff neck caused him to turn his head and he saw that I was not actually doing very much.
It was then that I gratefully put the brush down and admitted, Its not working.
I dont inspire you? he said, but with only a hint of a smile.
Genius is more perspiration than inspiration, I answered, but the platitude was a poor excuse and I had to confess that there was something lacking.
He seemed hurt and said he was sorry, as if it was his fault, which it might well have been. I told him that there was no need to be, though, gave no clue that whatever is lacking seemed to be in him rather than in the painting. It was just one of those days, I persuaded him, when things didnt quite work out as they should, a common malaise that afflicted every artist at some time or other.
Never mind, leave it for tonight, Stephen advised, with a mature wisdom which he thought might be beyond me. Like a father he offered his counsel: Leave it. Itll probably work out better when you come back to it.
I nodded and packed away the paints, set the canvas which Stephen had still not seen- face to the wall once more, while he rubbed his neck where the stiffness was. When I had cleared everything away I went over to him, intending to massage his neck, but as Stephen saw what I was about to do he held up his hands to warn me off.
Oh no you dont, he told me. Go and wash your hands before you touch me. Better still, have a bath. You stink of turps.
I was only going to-
I know what you were going to do, and I dont want you pawing me all over with those filthy hands. When he was sure that I was keeping my distance he tugged at his collar. This is a new shirt.
I protested, told him that Id had a busy day and was tired, but he held firm, inching away from me when I tried to move closer, so we sat apart, Stephen on the bed and me on the chair before the empty easel. We faced each other in near silence until he left, a little earlier than usual.
*
Have you two had an argument? Gran asked, when I went into the living room after seeing Stephen to the door; Gran was to one side of the fire, knitting, while my mother was to the other side, dozing.
No, I answered, opening a book in my lap.
Stephen left early, Gran observed.
Yes.
He didnt look too happy when he left, either.
You were peeping through the curtains again? I supposed, with a brief glance up from my book.
Gran admitted nothing, rattled her needles together as she asked, What did you do to upset him?
I didnt do anything to upset him. We all have our off days.
And whose turn was it today? Yours or his?
I was in no mood for the old womans nattering, was impatient with her. She seemed to think that her age gave her some particular insight into people, and I said quite sharply, Who says we have to smile all the time?
No one. You need a special reason for frowning, though. What did you do to the lad?
Nothing!
My mother stirred behind half-closed eyes, felt bound to add her opinion, said, Hes a nice young man is Stephen. So smart, so sensible.
Youre saying Im not? I asked, knowing full well that this was exactly what she meant.
Hes sensibly employed, my mother continued. As we thought you would be, after getting youre A levels and all.
Ive gone on to college, I reminded her. Isnt that what you wanted me to do?
She shrugged, said nothing, but Gran gave a wickedly disdainful chuckle. Art college? she said, her teeth now clacking in time to her knitting. That place? Pah! Thats not proper study. Itll get you nowhere.
I steeled myself, knowing what was going to come next, having suffered the topic so many times before. Sure enough the old woman cited those places that were proper institutions, the universities and teacher training colleges, named those people who have gone on to such places, old school pals, friends I now disliked because they had the respect of my family. I wanted to swear as Gran went through the endless inventory of hopes they had for me, and my mother added to the list, mentioning the dreams my father had nourished, quoting the advantages, denied their generation, which had come my way. I always thought that this was particularly unfair of my mother, to bring my fathers memory into such discussions; when he died this became her most potent form of blackmail, one that I always found difficult to counter.
To shut the two of them up, to get away from their chatter for a moment, I went through to the kitchen and set the kettle on the gas for a pot of tea, even toasted a few slices of bread for their supper. My mother appreciated the gesture and stopped pestering me, gazed quietly at the fire and smiled softly, that smile which said that she was dwelling on the past and was comfortable with her memories.
Gran, though, she was at that age where she was never satisfied.
The teas a bit on the weak side and the toasts too crispy, she complained.
Its the gas playing up again, it really needs seeing to. And the pilot light keeps going out on the boiler. After my excuses I apologised, with as much patience as I could muster. Im sorry.
You know it hurts my gums when its too crispy. You should have let your mother do it. She knows just how I like it.
Mums tired, I pointed out.
Through worrying over you most likely, you and that art school, the way you dress. And to think you had all the advantages of a good education.
I couldnt take much more of this, and as soon as Id finished my tea I went back upstairs. My bedroom was small, even without Stephen there it was cramped, pictures and prints pinned about the place made it seem smaller still and the walls appeared to bow inwards beneath the weight of the books on the shelves. There was always the smell of turpentine and linseed which annoyed my mother, thickening the atmosphere so that it was almost like going back to the womb to feel the walls so close and the air so heavy. Quite comforting, like a confessional.
As I gathered together the things Id need for college in the morning I took another look at Stephens portrait and found it as unsatisfactory as ever; the slight smile I wanted from him seemed like a sneer, or, even worse, a cruel gash across his face, with no sentiment in it, no sensitivity. It occurred to me that having it there, in that room, was a little like sharing the womb with another persons child; bringing Stephen there diminished the security the room afforded, diluted the life which had previously pulsed with such a strong creative force. It was almost as if whatever was missing in Stephen, that something which left him no more than flesh and bone, was being sought after by him each time he entered, being inhaled along with the smell of the paint and the oils, slowly being drained from the room and drawn into him. He was taking too much, giving too little.


Chapter Four

I had the carcass of meat sketched out lightly in charcoal on the canvas; the rail from which it hung was like the horizontal beam of a cross, there was bone and gristle where a crucified persons ribcage would have been and lower down the torso tapered into two stumpy legs, blunt and bloody. I began to fill in the tone using various shades of sienna, giving the composition some weight and substance before adding any true colour or detail, and the canvas gave gently under the touch of the brush, a wonderful feeling which had me almost purring with delight. I whistled softly as I worked, unladylike but contented, quite oblivious to my surroundings.
This looks as if it might be a bit gory, said a voice, and I turned to see Paula, dressed since it wasnt a Tuesday- in her secretarial outfit, a pen behind her ear protruding from her fine blonde hair, looking so smart and efficient. She was like a flower in a weed patch among the scruffs who frequent the art school, and for some reason, for just one brief moment, I felt conscious of my paint stained jeans and torn tee shirt. I, who thought I had learned to see beyond the superficial, was suddenly concerned about my appearance.
The embarrassment was short-lived, though, I quickly overcame it, said good morning to Paula and then agreed, Yes, I think it might well turn out to be a bit bloody.
Paula took another step or two forward, stood beside me. A crucifixion, perhaps? After Francis Bacon?
I was surprised that she recognised the influence, glanced from the painting to Paula and back again. Yes, theres a slight similarity I suppose.
All you need now is the pope screaming in the background.
Now it was one thing for Paula to recognise the influence of Bacon, but to know that he also painted screaming pontiffs, anguished versions of Velasquez, suggested a rather more comprehensive knowledge of the artist. Despite my surprise at the remark, however, I realised immediately that Paula might have an idea here, in her mention of the pope, for wouldnt the pope indeed be screaming, in the style of Bacon, if he saw a crucifixion painted by Bacon? I put down my brush, looked back at Paula and then at the canvas, and my surprise must have been obvious for Paula laughed, red lips parting from pure white teeth, and told me to carry on, not to mind her, shed only come in for a coffee.
She walked over to the vending machine which was in a corner of the studio, slim heels tapping delicately on the tiled floor, and I saw her skirt hitch up slightly as she raised her arm to drop a coin in the slot. She had a pleasing shape to her legs, the flesh at the back of her knee was there a particular name for that part of the anatomy?- looked beautifully soft and for a moment I wondered: what the hell was I doing painting a dead piece of meat? 
When Paula came back from the coffee machine I offered her a cigarette, which she took, and we sat on stools before the canvas like a middle aged couple watching television.
So how come you know so much about Francis Bacon? I asked.
I dont, not a lot. You shouldnt be so arrogant as to think that all blondes are dumb, though. Paula said this with a gay little laugh that had her hair dancing about her shoulders. I may not know-
I interrupted her, thinking of what Stephen might have said, begged her, Please, please dont tell me you dont know much about art but you know what you like.
I wasnt about to so dont insult me! Paula bristled, giving me a punch on the arm.
Sorry, I apologised.
What I was going to say is that I might not know as much as you students, or the staff, but Im bound to have picked up a bit of knowledge after working here for five years. I type out the lecture notes, remember. Some of that sinks in. And I see all the work you do. Its only natural I should pick up a bit here and there. Im not too old to learn.
Which was how old, exactly? If she had worked at the college since leaving school, or maybe after a secretarial course, she could be in her mid twenties perhaps.
After my second apology we had an engagingly cultured conversation while everyone else was taking a break in the canteen, and when Paula had finished her coffee and returned to her office I continued with my painting. The carcass of beef progressed nicely, gradually becoming more solid, taking on substance, a very real weight; colours became stronger, to give depth to certain parts and bring others forward, the canvas was no longer a flat object but became increasingly three-dimensional, you could almost feel what an effort it would take to grip the meat in your hands and lift it from the surface. This was how a painting should progress, and was precisely how my portrait of Stephen was not progressing. When I got home that night I tried to improve on it, without having Stephen posing before me, tried to make it seem at least as real as the slab of beef; as it was the face was flat, only one side could be seen and you couldnt imagine there being another, it was no more real than one of those old Victorian silhouettes; though it had colour it was lifeless and might as well have been black and white. I struggled with the painting for an hour or two before giving up, returned to it the following evening and the evening after that but made little progress. Even when Stephen came around I still had difficulties.
Hows it coming? he asked, perched on the edge of the bed.
Fine, I lied, because I was grateful for his patience and didnt want him to think he was wasting his time.
Is it nearly finished?
Soon, I think.
The fact of the matter was that the more I worked on it the more animal the image became, as if there was something bestial about Stephen which was coming to the surface; at one point I had been concerned with making him look handsome, but now it had got to the stage where I was only concerned with making him look normal. Even this was beyond me and time was running out, I had promised him the painting as a Christmas present and the holiday was only weeks away. Time and again I had to look hard at Stephen, and for longer and longer periods; he was nothing like the portrait, not bestial in the way that it was; there might have been times when I sensed something missing in him, some inner spark, but nonetheless he had a surface beauty which was becoming more and more elusive as I tried to capture it on canvas.
For once I was grateful to hear Stephen talk about his day, it distracted me, I listened and even encouraged him and my interest pleased him, he chatted incessantly and the smiles he gave me were warm and fond. After two hours of work, the customary length of our sessions, I was glad to put away my things, to turn the painting to the wall once more even though little improvement had been made. The evening had gone well in Stephens view, though, the lengthy conversation Id drawn from him had him in such a mellow and contented mood that he made no protest when I massaged his neck without first washing my hands, succumbed to a caress and a kiss or two without complaining about the smell of turpentine. We had a minute or two of intimacy, but no more, for Gran and my mother were aware of how long I usually spent on the painting and one or other of them would come up to the room if we lingered too long; we went downstairs, then, to the living room, and I asked Stephen if hed like a cup of tea.
Yes, smashing, he said. Ill make it, though; yours is always too weak.
Isnt that what Im forever telling her, Gran chipped in, from her usual chair by the fire. Her teas too weak and her toasts too crisp every time. You make it nice and strong, son. You know better than her how to do it.
Not much use in the kitchen, is she? Stephen grinned, such a trite thing to say.
Except for washing up, Gran chuckled.
I sat down and waited, frowning; Stephen would get no help from me after a comment like that, and though Gran smiled at me I knew that it was only because of Stephen. In a whisper the old lady said what a wonderful lad he is.
As the kettle boiled my mother came in from the front room, where shed been been sewing.
A cup of tea? Stephen called through from the kitchen.
Yes please, love, she answered, and Gran smiled again with a smugness that annoyed me.
Stephen brought the tea things through and played mother, filling the cups and handing them around with an irksome dignity.
Lovely, just like a cup of tea should be, said Gran, slurping at the cup, her lips puckering as they sucked at the rim, and Stephen smiled proudly, as if it was important that he should impress my family.
Stephen had learned a lot about impressing people since he started work. He was polite, he spoke as they did about inconsequential things, idle gossip and tittle-tattle. I switched on the television, though there was nothing of interest showing, and waited for them to finish their chat.
Shouldnt you be getting off now? I said to Stephen, when I thought the conversation was dragging on for too long. Its getting late.
He looked at his watch. Yes, I suppose I ought to be going. Do you want to stroll part of the way with me?
I got his coat from the hall, and to my annoyance even this afforded a subject for further conversation; it was admired, its material fingered, he was asked where he bought it and heads nodded approvingly when he answered, acknowledging that Stephen was going up in the world. Donning my own jacket soon put an end to all that, for I wore the leather one with my name on the back.
Youre not going to shame Stephen by wearing that, are you? said Gran.
I dont mind, said Stephen.
Its dark, no ones going to notice, I told Gran.
But why da Vinci? Are you ashamed of your fathers name, is that it? Going to change it by deed poll, are you?
It did sound like some kind of arrogant self-recommendation, I had to concede, in the same way that my signature V.Fair, never Virginia Fair- looked like a teachers report whenever I put it to a piece of paper, but there was no point in starting an argument, Gran and I had had the same one many times before, so I took Stephen by the arm and led him to the door as he called out his goodbyes. We walked along the street at a fairly brisk rate, and it occurred to me that perhaps Stephen was a little ashamed of the way I dressed after all. That would never change me, though, he could take me as I was or he could drop me.
Maybe this was what I wanted, and I wondered if Stephen would ever leave me of his own accord. It would certainly ease my conscience if, when the time came, he was the one to make the break, but I didnt think I wanted the break to come just yet, nor even as soon as it eventually did, or in the way that it came about. And it was quite apparent that Stephen didnt want to bring an end to our romance just yet either, for around the corner from his house, in the shadow of an alleyway, he paused to embrace me and we kissed as we had done when we first met, furtively and with an adolescent ardour. This had to be the one thing that bound me to him, I thought, the brief moment of passion, the regular physical release. Perhaps without this I would have found the creative aspect of my life hindered, distracted by frustrations. In this respect I still needed Stephen, for a little while longer at least; in this respect I would admit to being selfish.
*
The following morning, in defeat and desperation, I decided to take Stephens portrait into college, to work on it there in the hope that I might finish it by Christmas, thinking that I might get some advice on what was wrong and what could be done with it.
To my astonishment people were enthusiastic when they saw it. Ben noted a vitality in the painting, a vibrant animal quality; Maggie, the painting tutor, said that it was not just a portrait but a portrait of a living person; Ian, the printmaker, qualified this by adding that the person was not just any living person but a person who had lived. Even Gus liked it, says that I was really starting to paint at last, and there were others among the students who were also complimentary.
This praise was all very well, quite gratifying, but I was still left with the problem of pleasing Stephen; he was expecting a painting he could show to his parents, something they could be proud of, and they werent going to be too pleased to see their only son looking like an ageing orang-utan. During the morning break I took Maggie to one side and explained my dilemma to her. She was usually the most sympathetic of the three tutors and she listened attentively to what I had to say, rolling herself one of her awful cigarettes wrapped in liquorice paper. In her mid thirties, I suppose she could have been attractive if she tried, but she never seemed prepared to make the effort; her hair was always in need of a wash and brush, her clothes were scruffy and she stank of the foulest smelling tobacco imaginable.
Pushing her glasses up the bridge of her nose, puffing out a noxious cloud of smoke, she said, Look here, Ginny darling, who do you want to please, yourself and your peers or your boyfriend and his folks? The painting is good, so why do you want to spoil it by making it look like some bloke from the pages of a fashion magazine? If you want to be an artist you cant think about other peoples feelings, only the truth.
But the truth of the matter is that Stephen doesnt look like that, I pointed out.
I should fucking well hope not! she laughed, choking on the yellow-brown fog she exhaled. Christ! I wouldnt like to wake up in the morning with a face like that on the pillow next to mine! I was about to tell her that I never woke up with any face on the pillow next to mine, when she went on: The further truth of the matter, the most important truth, is that the painting says something about people in general and not just the particular person you know as Stephen. It says that there are people who are predatory, people who are cunning, people who are driven by animal instincts. You leave the painting as it is, Ginny; itll go a long way to getting you a place on a degree course.
This was the deciding factor, of course, leaving Sleepers Hill for some place better, but still I was a little troubled. What about his Christmas present, though? I asked.
For fucks sake, girl! Maggie said, impatient with what she saw as a confusion of priorities. Buy him some cheap bloody aftershave!
But he was expecting something special.
Calvin bloody Klein, then!
I stayed silent for a moment, deliberating, plucking up courage; then I took a couple of photographs from my pocket and showed them to Maggie. This is Stephen, I told her.
Yes, very handsome, though perhaps a little too chubby around the cheeks.
I dont suppose you could, er, knock something up for me from one of these snaps? You know, a portrait he might like.
Knock something up? Don't be so fucking insulting! she said, standing and storming off in a temper, muttering to herself, grumbling that I, an art student, should have known better than to ask.
There was no one else I dared approach, I was stuck, I met Stephen that night in the Crofters where the lights were so bright that they hid my burning cheeks; I told him that the portrait was finished and he was pleased, he naturally wanted to see it.
Theres a slight problem there, I said. You see, the tutors all think its so good that it could be the one piece that swings a place on a degree course for me.
That good?
Thats what they say, and if Im going to take heed of their advice I really need to keep it with the rest of my work, include it in my portfolio. So you see, its not going to be possible to give it you for Christmas.
Im disappointed, Stephen confessed, and this was obvious, his head was bowed and his lips were pouting into a sulk. I understand, though.
You do?
Of course, he said, looking up and smiling. Youll still let me see it, though? Youll let me show it to Mum and Dad?
Certainly, I lied. Ill bring it back from college just as soon as the varnish has dried.
*
Though the problem of the portrait was solved, though I had found an excuse not to give it to Stephen as a Christmas present and would think of other excuses to prevent him ever seeing it, I was now presented with the subsequent problem of finding money for an alternative gift. The next instalment of my student loan wouldnt arrive until the New Year, I was going to be short of cash for Christmas as it was, and the only answer I could think of was to tout around for work. The market hall was the obvious place to do this, since most of the stall-holders knew me, so on the first Saturday in December I made a tour of the place, early in the morning before the crowds arrive. I didnt hold out much hope, had always been pessimistic when it came to matters of my personal prosperity, but surprisingly I managed to get a couple of jobs. Old Mrs Littlehales, who ran the button stall that was all she sold, thousands and thousands of buttons of all shapes and sizes- she needed the sign over her stall repainting, and Arthur, my butcher pal, wanted a few posters to advertise his Christmas offers on turkeys and the like. It wouldnt not bring me much money, perhaps a few pounds plus the cost of materials, but every little bit helped for a penniless art student and I agreed to do the work.
Youre prostituting your talents, Gus told me, when he found out. And so early in your career, too. This is a poor start, Ginny.
This is a poor girl, Gus. I need some cash. 
You shouldnt be in this business for the money, he said, tut-tutting gravely, and we had a bit of an argument about it in the studio, there was a general debate about artistic integrity, opinions offered for and against Gus view. I wasn't really interested in their opinions, though; without being boastful I knew my work was good, that one or two bits of commercial crap would not diminish its worth.
*
My estimation of the quality of my work was corroborated later that week, at the regular crit which was held in the studio each month. Over a full day, sometimes two, the tutors gathered together all us students and lambasted our work, and at this particular crit, the last one of the year, I was one of the few people to earn any praise, primarily on account of the portrait and the crucified side of beef. This wasnt to say that everyones work was bad, it was just that the crits were always so stiff; there were often occasions when the insults came thick and fast, sometimes with such venom that you might feel like giving up, and Id seen some students, girls and blokes alike, almost reduced to tears. Generally we were able to give as good as we got, though, we had to believe in our work and defend it and to hell with any respect we should have for our elders, the tutors.
It being the last crit of the year, we followed it up with a bit of a booze-up in the Commercial, and the tutors came along for an hour or so, to buy drinks for those they might have offended, to continue discussions a little more amicably. I found it a welcome change, after the years at school, to be able to say what I liked to those who taught me, to disagree and to argue and even to insult, to be on first name terms and treated as an equal, to have my opinions respected and considered rather than dismissed as adolescent whimsy.
After the crit, then, about a dozen of us gathered in the pub, along with Maggie and Ian, who treated us to the first round; Ben had said he would follow, he had a little paperwork to complete. We got through our first pint, talked over some minor grievances which had arisen from the crit, and Ben arrived just in time to buy the second round. He had Paula with him, but this was no surprise to any of us; she might dress too smartly to be either student or staff, but she was just as much a part of the art school as any of us.
The Commercial was a quaint little place, though it was always obvious that it would never survive in this same state. At the end of a cul-de-sac in the centre of town, it was almost Dickensian to my way of thinking, with the street cobbled and dimly lit and the pub itself dwarfed all around by the rear aspects of shops and offices, so grubby with their crumbling brickwork and rusting fire escapes. Inside the pub the ceilings were low and the rooms so small that at such gatherings our group from the art school could fill a whole room. One great thing about the place was that theres waitress service; a button was pressed on the wall -which Ben now did- and a barmaid came to take the order.
Drink for this motley crowd, he told the barmaid, and she jotted down what we wanted; pints of bitter, glasses of lager, bottles of brown ale and the like. There was no change out of the money he gave her, not after including a tip for her service, but none of us students felt guilty; we were sure that he was on a good salary and could afford it. We still thanked him, though, appreciative, knowing that he was not obliged to treat us but did so freely.
All talk of the crit was soon finished with and the conversation became more general. If I ever thought back later to the conversations I was drawn into in those art school days I would see that they really give me quite a broad education; we didnt only talk about painting, but also about music, film, theatre, literature, subjects I learned little about when I was at school. School just helped me to pass exams, it didnt really teach me anything. Just about the only subject we never touched upon now is politics; as art students we were not in the least altruistic, not at all interested in the welfare of others. But there again, the same might well be said of many politicians.
Eventually the conversation got around to Christmas, when someone mentions that I was earning a little extra cash in readiness for it. Chrissie asked Ben what he was buying his young son, a cute little lad wed seen in college a few times, only six years old but looking very much like Ben in miniature.
A rope ladder, Ben answered, and we all laughed.
A rope ladder? said Chrissie. Youre having us on.
No Im not, Ben assured her, and his expression was solemn, as if he was unable to understand the reason for our laughter. Whats wrong with a rope ladder? Its a practical present, hell get plenty of exercise with it and itll do him more good than some violent video game or what have you. Hell have a great time with it, you mark my words.
Yes, we believed him, but we still laughed at his eccentricity, and he smiled back with good humour, with not a hint of malice or ill-feeling. Maggie, though, she had a wicked gleam in her eye as she turned to me.
What about you, Ginny? she asked.
What about me?
What are you getting for Christmas? More to the point, what are you getting that dishy boyfriend of yours?
Well its not going to be a portrait of him, is it? I said bitterly.
Aftershave, then? Something by Calvin Klein, perhaps?
Perhaps, if I can get together enough cash. Whats it to you, anyway?
Maggie grinned behind a veil of her foul tobacco smoke and turned away to strike up a conversation with someone else. I felt a touch angry with her and gulped down a mouthful of beer, hoping that Maggie hadnt mentioned to anyone else that I asked her to do a portrait of Stephen; that could be embarrassing, especially if someone like Gus found out. I set my glass on the table, stared silently at it for a while, until I noticed Paula had shifted along a seat or two and was now beside me.
Take no notice of her, Ginny, she said, glancing at Maggie. She always tends to start teasing people when shes had a drink or two.
I know that, I said. I dont mind her.
We both took a sip of our drinks, then Paula asked me about the work I had lined up for Christmas.
Painting, is it?
Of a sort, I said, and explained exactly what sort.
Will you make much out of it?
Not an awful lot, but every little bit helps.
With what I took to be a secretive glance about her, at the rest of the company, Paula brought her face closer. I coul smell her perfume, a little stronger now that it wasnt diluted by the sweat of the life class, could feel the warmth of the womans breath on my cheek.
If you need to earn more cash I can get you a job on the post, she whispered.
You can? I said, for I knew how difficult it was to get holiday work with the Post Office; every student in town and every student home on vacation was after a job over the Christmas holiday.
Yes, no problem at all. My fathers in personnel there. You could squeeze in seven or eight days work, perhaps even more.
That would be great.
Keep quiet about it, though, keep it to yourself. I dont want everyone in college asking me.
I promised. I wont say a word to a soul.


Chapter Five

With the guarantee of a job at the Post Office I didnt really need the work in the market hall, but I had made my promises to Arthur and Mrs Littlehales and I kept my word. Inevitably, working on their commissions in the evenings and at weekends, I didnt have an awful lot of time to spare for Stephen, and it was some while before I realised how little I actually missed his company.
My mother was too distracted to notice Stephens absence, she was busy herself, getting ready for the holiday with all her usual efficiency, but Gran was as nosy and suspicious as ever.
Have you two fallen out? she asked me, over tea on Monday, after a weekend and much of the previous week had passed without a single visit from Stephen.
No.
Then why hasnt he been around?
Ive been busy. He knows that, and so do you. Ive had a lot of work to do.
The old woman had that sour expression on her face when she looked up from her plate, and I knew it wasnt the fault of the food. Your works more important than seeing your boyfriend, is it?
It would have been imprudent to say more important, so I just said, Its important. Stephen appreciates that.
But you dont appreciate him, hes too good for you, Gran grumbled, picking at her food again, using her fork to rearrange it on the plate, her hand never still even while she was chewing.
But its him Im doing the work for, I protested, though this wasnt exactly true; the commercial work was for the money to buy him a present, yes, but basically all the work I did was for myself.
Gran had her head bowed over her plate, but she looked at me with hooded eyes, distrustfully; her shallow sunken cheeks and the beak of a nose reminded me of a gargoyle, sneering down from a great height on the people below. I left the rest of my tea and took the plate through to the kitchen, threw away the scraps and left it with the other dirty dishes. My mother had all the cupboards emptied and was washing down every surface there was, inside and out; this was the start of her pre-Christmas routine, to clean throughout the house just so that it could be littered again by Christmas itself.
I wish you wouldnt upset Gran so much, Ginny, she said. Shes old and set in her ways, you should know you cant argue with her.
I dont argue.
Youre doing it now, she pointed out, resorting to one of Grans own ploys.
Ive got my ways, just like Gran has.
Theyre not the ways you used to have, though. Art schools changing you.
It was to be hoped it was, but I didnt say this, just excused my behaviour as a sign that I was growing up. Remembering that I hadnt been out much for the past week or so, except for the booze-up after the crit, I told my mother that I'd take a walk down the road for a drink. I knew she wouldnt mind this, me going to the local; shed see it as me keeping true to my roots, not being too snobbish to mix with the folk weve known all our lives. I think this actually troubled my mother more than the clothes I wore or the colour of my hair, the danger that going to college might make me think that I was too good for my old mates.
When I said I going out, then, my mother was quite pleased, even gave me a couple of pounds so she was sure I could buy a round of drinks if I had to.
In the pub I go to there was no animosity towards me, even though I wore the leather jacket with my name on the back, no snide remarks about the way I looked, not even from the older men, the hard men, the ex-colliers. I suppose theyd seen things which were even harder to comprehend, like world wars and general strikes. Anyway, they had known me all my life, known all my family, knew us as a decent, honest, hard working bunch.
I said hello to one or two people at the bar, bought a half of lager, popped my head around the door to the games room. It was only small, not much of a games room at all; there were two old blokes playing dominoes, a couple of younger lads playing darts, but no women. This was one of the unspoken traditions of Sleepers Hill, that women avoided the games room, for this was where the working men went to relax, to spit and curse and argue. A woman in their company would only inhibit their pleasures; a man might as well go to church as take a woman into the games room of a pub or club, for all the pleasure that would afford him.
I resisted the impulse to enter, to play the rebel; now that would have set people talking about me.
*
In the lounge, off to one side of the games room, I was drinking quietly when two old school-friends entered. They had been in a less academic set than me, had left school at sixteen and been working since. This was one of the reasons I no longer saw much of them, it had nothing to do with snobbery, they were working people and behaved as such, putting on their finery and perfume at weekends, spending money which I didnt have, trying to impress the prospective husband which I didnt want. Quite a few of my old pals were courting, as they called it, some even engaged or married, but there could still be the occasional night or two when I could meet them on more or less equal terms, no different from each other than we had been as school-kids in gym-slips.
Tina was a typist, Diane a bank clerk, and with my mothers pounds added to the money I already had I could afford to treat them to a drink. We toasted each other and sat at the bar as people with money do. Tina and Diane had changed since leaving school, work had given them a self assurance and quickly made them older; in a way they seemed more mature, they had taken on an aspect of their parents, talking of careers and income tax and superannuation. In turn, though, I believed that I had developed mentally and spiritually; though they looked like young career women and had some of the preoccupations of such, speaking of earning a wage and settling down, at times the schoolgirl mentality still showed through, as when Tina asked how art school was going and grinned pruriently when she mentioned the matter of drawing naked women.
Art schools fine, I said. And yes, Im still drawing naked women.
I dont know that I could cope with that, Diane frowned. Blokes all around me with drawing boards bouncing up and down in their laps like nobodys business.
The schoolgirl mentality, see? The drawing boards dislodged by the inevitable erections. I laughed when they laughed, but I couldnt help but notice it.
Dont you get embarrassed? Tina asked me.
Perhaps at first I did, I admitted. You soon get used to it, though.
Doesnt she get embarrassed? You know, the model?
Not at all.
She must be a bit brazen, then, a bit of a tart to take her clothes off in front of people like that.
She isnt, not in the least, I said, rising to Paulas defence. Ill tell you what, Tina, if you saw her walking down the street I bet you wouldnt say that about her.
Shes a good looking woman, is she?
Very classy, I said.
We emptied our glasses and Tina bought three more drinks, then asked what I was going to do at the end of the course.
Move on somewhere else to do a degree. This is only a foundation course. Ive got three more years to do after this.
Another three years? Jesus!
And three more after that, if Im lucky, I added hopefully. If Im good enough Ill go on to do a post graduate course, the Royal College or the Slade, somewhere like that.
Seven years at college? Diane gasped.
If Im lucky, I repeated.
The first twenty odd years of your life spent at school?
Art college isnt like school, I pointed out.
No, Tina agreed. We didnt have naked women to draw when I was at school.
Just plants and bottles and such, Diane remembered. Now if thered been the chance of some nudes I might have tried a bit harder.
What? Someone like old Mrs Bolton posing for us?
A couple of drinks and the good humour of the evening went to my head, my cheeks felt flushed; when my friends suggested moving on somewhere else, though, I was reluctant. They probably guessed the reason, that I couldnt afford to, and they insisted, said it would be their treat. We stopped at another pub or two, slowly moving closer into town, and Tina and Diane took turns paying for the drinks out of their wage packets; it seemed that everyone had a wage packet to spend that night and the nearer the three of us got to town the more crowded the pubs became.
*
In town itself we found ourselves chatting to three young blokes; they were a little loud, a little brash, but Tina and Diane accepted this and played them along, it was just a little innocent entertainment before the serious courting of the weekend. Jokes started as risqu and became cruder, the laughter of the young men became more raucous and there were lurid descriptions of the things I got up to at art school, invented by Tina and richly embellished by Diane. The young bloke I was sat next to looked at me a little uncertainly, not sure whether to believe their tales, not sure what to think of the way I looked; I suppose it came as a surprise to him that I spoke just like the rest of them, came from a similar home and had been to a similar school; perhaps it even came as a shock to him that an art student was not necessarily the alien creature he had imagined.
Well, what do you think? asked Tina, when two of the blokes went to the gents and the third to the bar.
About what? I said.
Those three. Do you reckon theyre worth sharing another drink or two with?
This was probably the self same question that the two in the toilet were asking each other, and not one that I really wanted to concern myself with.
Its nothing to do with me, you can leave me out of it, I said.
Oh no, you cant leave yourself out. Weve been buying the drinks all evening so you owe it to us to stay. You know that if theres three of them and only two of us theyll bugger off.
I shook my head. I dont want to get involved.
Whos asking you to get involved? said Diane. Were not expecting you to propose to the bloke, for Gods sake, just keep him company.
Talk to him.
Let him walk you home, even if you dont fancy doing anything else with him. We promise we won't breathe a word to Stephen.
Im not worried about Stephen, I said.
Fine, then. Its settled.
No its not, I told them, but I saw that theres was no way out, the two who had been to the toilet were returning from their own deliberations, the third was setting drinks on the table and Tina and Diane had me wedged in a corner.
With smiles and barely disguised nudges the young men seated themselves, the arrangement as before, as if they had agreed on partners; the conversation resumed on much the same level, as regards volume and content, and the bloke at my side shuffled close to me, almost falling into my lap in a fit of laughter at one of Tinas crude wisecracks. I turned away, despairingly, looked across the bar and saw Paula enter with a couple of friends.
I tried to hide my face but Paula saw me and waved, called over, Hi there  Ginny!
The others looked at her, Tina and Diane and the three young men.
Whos that? asked Tina.
I heard one of the young men pass some covetous comment, another gave a low admiring whistle.
I whispered to Tina. Remember what you said before, about a girl having to be a tart to take her clothes off in front of people?
Yes?
And I said that if you saw her walking along the street you wouldnt think that?
Yes?
Doesnt look anything like a tart, does she? I smiled.
Tina looked again at Paula, trying to picture her without any clothes. You mean thats her?
Fucking gorgeous, one of the blokes decided.


Chapter Six

I was staring at the canvas of crucified beef, trying to decide if there was any room to fit in a screaming pontiff, when Paula sneaked up on me and mentioned something about the twelve days of Christmas.
I automatically responded with, My true love sent to me?
Can you work the twelve days up to Christmas? Thats what Ive managed to arrange for you.
Thatll be great, I said, thinking of all the money to be earned, but then asked, Can I, though? Term doesnt finish until the eighteenth.
Itll be alright, Ben will give you a bit of leeway, Paula assured me. Theres not all that much happening during the last week of term, in any case, apart from trips to the pub. Youll have to miss out on those, Im afraid.
I shrugged. We all have to make sacrifices.
For the ones we love? Paula smiled, and I grimaced. She asked, So which was one was Stephen?
Which one? I said, then realise she was thinking of the three young blokes shed seen me with. Oh, he wasnt one of those, I told her, embarrassed that she should imagine me getting involved with callow youths like that.
No? she said, and her smile took on the character that was often described as knowing, almost a smirk.
No! And before you suggest it, no, I wasnt being a two-timer or whatever you want to call it.
Its not for me to pass comment if you were, Paula said, but her barely contained grin demanded that I make further excuses.
I just went for a drink with a couple of old pals, I said. It was them who wanted to chat up the lads.
Yes? And you didnt enjoy the evening, then?
Actually, I hadnt, the one I had been paired with had grown less and less attractive as the night wore on and had had the nerve to complain because I couldnt afford to share the fare for a taxi home. The cheek of the boy, expecting that a kiss and a cuddle in a shop doorway would buy him a chauffeur driven ride home.
Youd rather have been with your boyfriend, then? Paula supposed, and answered for me. Yes, of course you would. Why else would you be working so hard to earn the money for her Christmas present?
I frowned. It was difficult to explain exactly why, and suddenly it seemed that Paula was as silent as a priest in a confessional, waiting for my confidences. I had to admit that there was the need for money to buy Stephen a present, since he could no longer have the portrait, but over and above this consideration there was the simple desire to have a little more cash. Paula nodded when I complained of how depressing it was at times, trying to manage on little, nodded as if she understood from experience. I wondered again how old she was, if she had been to college herself.
What does your boyfriend do for a living?
Works in an office.
An odd combination, Paula thought. An office worker and an art student.
There was an unspoken agreement that Paulas own secretarial role was not to be compared with Stephens.
Yes, its starting to seem that way, I agreed. Its a bit of a strain at times.
Awkward.
Its getting hard to cope with, I think.
You dont seem to have much in common any more?
Nothing at all in common, I realised. Nothing apart from the teenage years we shared, and what we shared then doesnt interest me any longer.
That can happen in a lot of relationships, Paula understood, and I found myself speaking of things which I had kept to myself for so many weeks, talking of how Stephen suddenly seemed a stranger after so many years, confiding that I could now go for days without seeing him, where once I had needed him at every available moment.
Hes your first boyfriend?
The first serious one, I said, and laughed even as Paula did, thinking of what this meant in Sleepers Hill.
They all say that around here, dont they? They ask is it serious, like its a sickness or a complaint and theyre looking for a medical opinion. Ive lost count of the number of times my mothers asked the same thing of me.
And you darent admit its serious, even if it is, because youre frightened everyone will start making wedding plans.
Right, Paula agreed, nodding her head vigorously. But most of the time you cant tell if its serious or not, so why cant people leave well alone? She gave a soft sigh of exasperation. They say northern people are friendly, that theyre always willing to help each other, but more often than not theyre just being plain bloody nosy if you ask me, poking into other folks business.
This was just the way I felt, and I enjoyed the chat with Paula until it was disturbed by people returning from lunch. Thinking over the conversation, later, it struck me that it had been very much like going to confession, and I remembered how comforting that used to be. Confession was on Thursday evenings and the church was never so quiet as it was then, only a score or so people to one side of the nave, waiting, some seated and some kneeling in prayer. There would be none of the constant shuffling and coughing of Sunday mass, you could sense the solemnity of the sacrament, belief hung thick in the air like incense. On Sundays the church was a bright and airy place, the high vaulted roof, the stained glass windows streaming light, but in the gloom of Thursday nights any sense of space was lost, there was a dark blanket like thunderclouds which weighed down on the penitents, and one by one they would enter the confessional, a dark box with wood panelled sides the colour of a wine cask, and speak their confessions through a fine mesh screen. The priest could be seen only as a vague profile, looking much like an Impressionist study or one of Seurats crayon drawings, and his voice would be low and grave, roughened by altar wine and the many cigarettes he smoked, as he encouraged the penitents to be open about their sins. There were venial sins, mortal sins, sins of omission, and they were absolved of them all, though not immediately, for more often than not there would be a discussion of the sins, their nature and their circumstances; eventually, though, the priest would recite the Latin absolution and impose the penance Our Fathers, Hail Marys, decades of the Rosary- to be said in the main body of the church.
I recognised then, after confiding in Paula, just how much I felt the loss of the sacrament, I understood the comfort it had afforded; it was as much a ceremony as a sacrament, a ritual which appeased the spirit rather than cleansed the soul, and it was always the mystery of such rites which held me to the church, this rather than that blind faith which was the comfort of others. My mother and Gran were devout Catholics still, despite all the troubles they had suffered, but theirs was a truly blind faith; I felt sure that if their God was a good God then he would be forced to look kindly on my reasoned agnosticism, certainly more kindly than he would look on their unreasoned acceptance. If their God was good, that is.
*
I suppose that Sunday coming around further turned my thoughts to religion; with no religion other than my painting the holy day seemed such an empty day, nothing more than an interlude between one week and the next. My mother and Gran went to their usual early morning mass, and as always, just before they left and immediately on their return, there was an uncomfortable silence, looks cast in my direction which I could only regard as accusing; we no longer argued about the lapsing of my faith, but I always sensed their disapproval.
Perhaps to ease the tension which would come with their return, and in some way make amends for their disappointment in me, I prepared breakfast for them -they would never eat before mass, they always went to communion- fried up platefuls of bacon, eggs, tomatoes, black pudding. I timed it just right and the food was ready as they came in and took off their coats, all they needed to do was sit down at the table.
This is nice, said my mother, pleased, but Gran just stood there, all dressed in black with a shiny silver brooch on the breast of her coat, and looked me up and down. I knew Gran was looking at my clothes, the paint stained jeans, and noting that since I hadn't got on a sober dress this meant that I wouldnt be going to church at all. I told her to sit down and get her breakfast before it went cold -mother was already at the table- but she just stood there a moment or two longer, then turned away.
What about your breakfast? I asked her.
I need to go to my room and say the Rosary, Gran muttered, not even having the courtesy to face me as she spoke.
I wanted to curse her as I listened to her slow step clumping up the stairs. Seething, I set about my own breakfast noisily, knife and fork flashing like the tools of a psychopath.
Its Sunday, my mother excused the old lady, and she always hopes youll go to church. So do I.
And if I did would it make me as unchristian as her? I asked acidly.
Now theres no need for you to say that, Ginny. You know shes a good woman at heart.
To others, maybe, to her fellow church goers, but to me she was becoming a wicked and vindictive old hag. I couldnt stomach Gran and I couldnt stomach the food Id cooked; I pushed my plate to one side and told my mother that I was going for a walk.
*
Luckily Sunday was only one seventh part of the week and it was soon over with, I was able to get back to work. Id finished the painting of the meat a week or so before the end of term. In it the pope was wailing and screaming like someone demented, his face on the body of Arthur the butcher who Id painted into the background, behind the carcass of meat, white apron spattered with blood and gore, a dripping cleaver in his hand. Id reached that crucial point where I knew the work was finished, where to do any more would be to spoil it; the same went for the portrait of Stephen, and I was at a dead end. There was less than a week to go before I started work on the post, after that was the holiday, I didnt want to begin another major work just then, there wouldnt be time to get into it and it would be too easy to lose the rhythm. I passed the last days of the term with minor stuff, then, objective drawings to fill out my portfolio, still-lifes, sketches, studies of corners of the studio. And then came the last life session of the term.
*
Ben had Paula in a standing pose, against a low screen; the screen came just about up to her shoulder blades and she was slumped a little, one knee bent, her head lowered towards her chest and her elbows hooked over the top of the screen; her hands and lower arms hung loose and I thought of the martyrdom of Saint Sebastian.
I hope youre not going to make me look like your crucified lump of meat, Ginny, Paula joked, when she heard my remark on the resemblance to the martyrdom.
Ill do my best not to, I promised her, and walked around for a while, looking for a good angle.
Everyone else was quickly settled and just about the only place I could squeeze in also happened to provide me with the view I found easiest to draw; from where I positioned myself Paulas face was turned away, I could see neither of her eyes, very little of her mouth, just the flicker of an eyelash and the swell of a cheekbone; one upper arm came almost straight at me, a tricky foreshortening, while the other was hidden from view, just the hand seen, fingers curling and seeming to be reaching towards the silhouette of her breast. It was a view more discovered than chosen, but I liked it and set to work.
There were weeks when I struggled with a single piece of work and there were days when everything came together with no effort at all. This day was one of those rare ones, I had the pose outlined, the figure hanging as it should and not simply standing; all the tension was in the left elbow, which rested on the screen, and in the left leg which added more support; the hanging of the head was so forlorn. The perspective of the upper arm was a bit tricky but I scribbled away, feverishly but with a light touch, using a soft rubber here and there to change the angle of a line or two. The tone I applied is delicate, almost hesitantly added, and I thought of Ingres drawings as I worked, suggesting the form of the body economically, just a touch of darkness fading quickly from each line. 
Suddenly I was aware of Ben behind me, I felt his breath on the back of my neck and tensed; for a long while he said nothing, which was a bad sign.
Finally, with great emphasis, he said, Very wan, very much the agony of the young romantic. Im reminded of the death of Chatterton.
Chatterton died prone, on his back, I said, noting the sarcasm in his tone.
On a couch, yes, with one hand trailing ever so effeminately to the floor. Im glad youve been paying attention to my art history lectures, Ginny; I always thought you just sat there with your eyes closed while the slides flashed across the screen.
Im always riveted by your lectures, Ben, I said, returning the sarcasm.
And so you bloody well should be after all the effort I put into them! he boomed, for the benefit of the others and not just me. And now, this drawing of yours.
He reached forward, to take the pencil from me, but my hand clenched into a fist around it. Oh no you dont! I said.
What?
This is one drawing youre not going to scribble over! I threw my arms across the board and shielded the drawing with my body; there was a delicacy in the drawing that I liked and I was not going to let him deface it with any brash clumsy strokes. Youre not going to touch this one! I repeated.
Come on. Just-
Just nothing! Get away!
You think you know better than me? he challenged.
No, I said, and tried to sound threatening myself. I know what I like, though, and I like this drawing just the way it is.
Well bloody hell! Ben laughed, but moved on all the same, to threaten others who might be less brave, a little less  protective about their drawings.
My behaviour was remarked upon later by the others, who said it was rash of me to antagonise Ben like that. After all, it was only a drawing.
Wasnt it?
*
I packed away my things early that afternoon, deciding to meet Stephen when he finished work. I hadnt seen much of him of late, and for the next fortnight Id be busy working on the post, would have neither the time nor the energy to spare for him.
I stowed my paints away in my locker, even washed my hands so Stephen wouldnt mind me holding his, and was outside the offices where he worked in time for his five-thirty finish. A few minutes after the half hour the workers started to spill from the building in twos and threes, males and females, senior staff and juniors. Stephen walked from the door in the company of two slightly older men. Just as I was about to cross the street to greet him, though, he saw me and scowled, hardened his mouth and gave a quick shake of the head.
No? Keep away?
This must be his meaning.
I followed him and his two colleagues along to the bus stop, noting the neat haircuts and the smart suits, joined the queue for the bus some three or four places behind them. I couldnt hear what was being said, but saw Stephen smile and nod a great deal in agreement with the conversation. The bus arrived and took us through town towards home; again I was a little behind Stephen and his colleagues, could see the movement of his lips but was still unable to make out what was being said. The two men had briefcases on their knees, as did Stephen, knees together and ever so proper; he was being very attentive, much more so than he ever was when I talked about my work. One of the men got off the bus and right away the second slipped across to the seat beside Stephen to continue the conversation; if it was finance they were talking about, which I assumed it was, then I never realised it could be such an absorbing topic.
The bus crawled through heavy traffic and three or four sets of lights and it was almost ten minutes before I could get up from my seat and follow Stephen down the length of the bus; I had to pause a moment behind him, while he said goodbye to his companion, and then we both stepped down onto the pavement.
What was all that about? I demanded, when the bus had pulled away.
The conversation? We were just talking about work, thats all, Stephen replied, starting to walk along the street.
I didnt mean that, I said, striding along beside him.
What, then?
Why did you warn me away like that, when you saw me outside the office?
I was with someone, he said, which answered nothing.
So?
I work with those people.
And you claim to be in love with me, I reminded him. Cant the two mix?
Stephen hesitated long enough for me to see that there was obviously a point, a boundary, beyond which my life could not impinge upon his, and though this worked both ways -by mutual consent or otherwise he was excluded from her art school life- I was somewhat offended by his attitude. His sensible employment, it seemed, was turning him into more of a snob than I could ever be.
Stephen stopped, cast a downward glance at my scruffy jeans and scuffed shoes, said, Be reasonable.
Reasonable? Are you saying that its unreasonable to want to be with you?
You dont want me to be with you when youre out with your art school friends.
You dont want to be there, I argued. And you wouldnt enjoy it if you were.
Just as you wouldnt have enjoyed our company just now. We were talking about work and I know how much that bores you.
It doesnt bore me.
Liar. I can see it in your eyes every time I mention work.
So why do you do it? I asked, beginning to lose my temper.
Do what?
Bore me to fucking tears with all that bloody talk about the office every time we meet!
I- he began, but no further words come, just a hurt expression and a pout of the lips, so I told him to sod off and stamped away. 


Chapter Seven

At five-thirty in the morning Sleepers Hill was a different place, dark and silent and with an eerie frosting to the rooftops. I walked into town, so that the cold morning air could bring me fully awake, and I saw no more than a handful of people. The deserted streets and the lack of bustle gave the town a rather more dignified air than usual, a reminder to me that it was the people rather than the architecture which made it such a place to hate; in the peaceful state in which I found it, that morning, it was almost bearable.
Since the argument with Stephen my days, too, had been peaceful, hed made no attempt to make contact or to apologise, and neither had I. Indeed, there was a temptation to make more of the argument, to blow it out of all proportion simply for the sake of bringing about that final separation between us; I had my excuse and it would be foolish not to take advantage of it.
For the moment, however, there were other things on my mind, I had the job to go to and it would keep me out of Stephens way.
The sorting office I head for was close to the centre of town, just behind the railway station, a modern building which was squat and ugly and, at first glance, seemingly lacking in windows. A notice at the main gate directed all temporary workers to the supervisors office on the first floor, and there I found a queue of two or three dozen people, a mixture of students and older men, some young women too. As the queue edged forward the chap in front of me started to chat.
Sortings what you want in this weather, he said knowledgeably. You might work your balls off at times but at least youre indoors, warm and dry. Theres always overtime if you want it, too, at this time of year.
Youve done this before? I assumed.
Off and on. I usually work Christmas, a few weeks in the summer.
He was in his late thirties, with a tang of last nights beer on his breath, in need of a shave and not at all the type of person I'd like to see on my doorstep first thing in the morning. He popped a stump of a cigarette between his lips and struck a match.
No smoking in here, someone told him in passing.
Bastard, muttered the bloke, killing the fag-end and slipping it back into his pocket. Thats one thing to be said for working outside, theres no one watching over you. In here theyre on your back all the time. Still, he said stoically, you takes your chances.
The queue moved steadily forward and people were sent to all corners of the building; as my mentor and I got closer I heard the supervisor saying deliveries, sorting, parcels at regular intervals.
Balls to the parcels, said the old hand in front of me. They stick you in a van with a regular and he lets you do all the work, all the humping and carrying and doing fuck all himself.
Perhaps the supervisor heard him, for this was what he was given parcels- and then I was at the front of the queue. I handed the supervisor the card Id been sent, he jotted down a few details, gave me an armband and then pointed me to his left.
Deliveries, he told me.
I was sent to one man, passed on to another and then left with a third; this third was seated in front of a bank of pigeon-holes, flicking letters into them with the speed of a card sharp.
Without looking up he mentioned a district on the edge of town, asked, Do you know it?
Not too well, I admitted.
You catch a number twelve bus and get off at the finger-post. The routes straightforward, the letters are packed in bundles and numbered so you just work your way through them in order and you cant get lost. You ought to be back by lunchtime.
He showed me the bag which had already been packed; it was bulging with letters and small packets and weighed a ton. I thanked him, stupidly, and staggered out with the strap already cutting into my shoulder. Downstairs, as I got to the main gate, I saw the bloke from the queue sitting in the passenger seat of a van.
Fucking parcels, he cursed. Whatve you got?
Deliveries, I answered.
I can see that. Where?
I told him the district, added, Its just by the finger-post.
I know it, he said, and turned to the driver who had climbed in beside him. We can give her a ride, cant we?
No problem, said the driver. Get in girl.
I squeezed in with them and we were off through the town which was slowly coming awake. My advisor told me of the mixed blessings of the route Id been given; there were no blocks of flats to tramp up and down, no rows of terraces which never seemed to end, and that much was in its favour; against, however, was the fact that with so many detached houses, cottages and the occasional farm the area could be pretty bleak at times, especially when the wind blew the rain down from the moors.
We had driven downhill for a while, out of town, and now we climbed again, the houses thinned out and there was a little more space.
There is one thing, the driver said, when he stopped the van to let me off at the finger-post. You stand a fair chance of some Christmas tips around here. Theres money on this side of town.
*
It took me no more than a day or two before I was into the routine of things. As Id been warned, there were mixed blessings about the route; granted it could be a bit bleak in places, but on the whole there was rather more walking than delivering, on sections of the route I had to go a couple of hundred yards or more to get from one address to the next, and this I quite liked; there was none of the monotony there might have been working nearer my own home, where there would be an incessant popping of letters into letter boxes, and it was really quite like going out for an early morning stroll at times. The walk was reasonably picturesque, too, when one considered that Sleepers Hill was so close by; I could see the town, a few miles down to the west, but looking eastwards was the start of the moors, topped with winter frost, and then the Pennines beyond; the way was nicely undulating, the view constantly changed, there were fields and woods I had forgotten existed after so much time spent in town.
The walk took about two and a half hours, after which there was a forty minute bus ride back to the sorting office; getting the same lift out to the walk each morning saved me time, though, and I got back at a decent hour, was able to get some lunch before going out again with the afternoon delivery.
A couple of nights I did some overtime, helping with the sorting, but on Thursday night I knew there was going to be a bit of a party to celebrate the end of term, so I made my excuses when asked if I could do a couple of hours more and hurried on to the Commercial. The art school crowd were in the usual room when I got there and start singing Wait a minute Mister Postman when I entered.
I laughed and stuck up two fingers at the lot of them.
So hows it going, postie? Chrissie asked.
You look shagged out, Gus observed, with a grin which was not totally sympathetic.
Im knackered, I admitted. Still, theres the money, I can look forward to spending that.
You can spend some now and get a round in.
I bought drinks for everyone, though there were some in the company who looked as though theyd had enough; they had probably been drinking right through from lunchtime, the lucky dogs, while Id been humping my sack all about the county.
When I told Gus the district I was working he asked if Ive met any of those lonely housewives yet.
Which are those? I say.
You know, theyre bored and randy and they invite you into the house for a bit on the side. There must be some in a place like that, looking for company, male or female, it doesnt matter which. Theyve got no shops, no bingo, theres bugger all for them to do once the husband takes off for work.
Well, its funny you should mention that, I said, and everyone fell silent for a moment, expecting some salacious gossip.
Youve come across them, have you? said Gus, leaning forward eagerly.
No. I just thought it was funny you should mention it, thats all.
There were some groans, some laughs, Gus looked at me with disgust and demanded another drink.
*
Inevitably we all got drunk and the next day I had a hangover, not a pleasant thing to suffer at six oclock on a cold winters morning; the mail bag seemed even heavier than usual, there were more small packets than ever, the ride in the van shook my stomach about so much that I was glad to get out in the cold again. I began to understand some of the postmans pet hates; the letter box that was too low down, the one that sprang back so sharply it almost took the tips off your fingers, the dogs that barked and snapped, the women who complained about the slow service and the weather which proved to be the greatest nuisance of all. By mid morning there was a fine drizzle falling, the sort that seemed to make a person just as wet as any downpour, and by lunchtime I was miserable, shivering over a plate of pie and chips in the canteen and tempted not to go out again, to feign sickness; I knew this wasnt on, though, my supervisor wouldnt be happy letting me go off sick if I was only working a week or two.
I was out again before my clothes had really dried, feeling damp shivers run through my body; my fingers became numb and my toes were like ice as I trudged along. Many of the roads on my route had no tarmac, there were rutted country lanes, gravel roads, cobbles everywhere making my feet ache all the more and I was cursing like a collier by the time I reached the end of the round. And still there was a problem, one packet left in the bag; there had been no one in the house when I first tried to deliver it and now I had to decide whether to try one more time or take it back to the sorting office. If I had an empty sack I could just drop it off and sneak away before anyone asked me to do overtime; if I had to return the packet this meant seeing the supervisor and running the risk of being persuaded into a couple of hours more work. The way I felt, the condition I was in, I was really in no mood for overtime, so I decided in favour of giving it one more try; the address wouldnt take me too much out of my way.
The house was a modern detached place with coach lamps to either side of the door, and these were now lit, which they hadnt been before, so I assumed that there was someone home at last. I walked hopefully up the drive and pressed the bell, heard the chimes echo indoors and second later saw a brighter light shine through the frosted glass panes of the door; a vague silhouette of a figure walking along the hall.
You? I said, when the door opened.
Hello, Ginny, smiled Paula. Enjoying your work?
I looked at the packet in my hand, to make sure I had the right address, then read out the name and asked, Is that you?
My parents.
Ah, then youd better take it, I said, and handed the packet over.
Thanks, said Paula. But youre wringing wet and look frozen. Do you want to come in for a minute and get warm, have a cup of coffee? Is there time?
Ive finished now, I told her, showing her the empty bag. And yes, thanks, I think I could do with a hot drink and a little warmth.
Havent you got your route a little confused, though? she said over her shoulder, as she led the way into the house. How have you managed to finish up here when we come halfway round your route?
I called before but there was no one in, I explained.
So you came back? Thats very conscientious of you, Ginny. I must tell my father.
Paula took me through to the kitchen, where I supposed such tradesmen as myself must belong. Those other parts of the house I managed to see on the way were fully carpeted, there wasnt a trace of linoleum anywhere, not even in the kitchen which was tiled and scattered with rush matting; it was a sign of opulence, I believed, that there was no lino and the carpets stretched from wall to wall. In the kitchen I noticed that everything was electric, the cupboards were fitted to the wall rather than standing free, and the sink had a double draining board; further clues to a comfortable home and a prosperous life.
I didnt realise you lived out here, I said, as Paula filled the kettle and spooned coffee into two mugs. I was under the impression you lived in town.
I do, I have a flat there, but this is Christmas and my parents always like me to spend some time at home with them. Its the one concession I make in return for having a place of my own.
We sat on stools at the narrow breakfast bar while the kettle came to the boil. Paula was wearing jeans and a sweater, most unsecretary-like, almost bohemian; she had her heels hooked over a rung of the stool, bending her knees and stretching the denim nicely over her thighs, emphasising just how shapely her legs were.
Why would you want to live away from a place like this? I asked, looking around the kitchen and imagining what the other unseen parts of the house must be like, fires in every room, gas or electric most probably so that there would be no cold winter mornings spent in front of a grate, shivering to strike a match to crumpled newspaper. This is a fantastic place, I said. Your father must be on quite some wage at the Post Office.
No, not really.
More than Im getting.
Probably, she laughed. My mother works as well, though. She brings in even more than he does. Shes an accountant.
I looked around again, like a peasant in awe of my surroundings. Still, theres no way Id leave a place like this, I said.
Yes there is. Youd leave if you were in my position. Youll be leaving your own home soon.
But my homes nothing like this.
Thats beside the point, it would make no difference if it was. I left home because I wanted some freedom. Isnt that one of the reasons youll leave? My silence told her that she was right and she smiled as she made the coffee, said, Right then, take off your coat, and your shoes and socks.
Why? I wanted to know.
Because theyre soaking. Ill set them on the radiator to dry. You can take that towel from the back of the door and dry your feet.
They might be filthy, I warned her. In fact they probably are, after the day Ive had.
That doesnt matter, I wont be offended by the sight of them. You could have a bath if you liked, if you have the time.
No, thats alright, I said, and started to take off my shoes and socks, embarrassed by the smell and hoping that Paula didnt notice. I dont think she did; she picked up the mugs of coffee and told me to follow her through to the sitting room when I was ready.
My feet really did stink, so before I towelled them dry I washed them with some detergent I found by the sink, then went bare-footed through to the sitting room.
That afternoon provided me with my definition of comfort, even though the nature of it was rather opposed to the romantic ideals I had as an artist. I sat in an armchair while Paula sat on a vast settee, her bare feet curled beneath her, and there was no need for either of us to inch closer to the fire for the whole house was so warm. The upholstery was soft, the room was comfortably furnished, and though it really wasnt the sort of place where an artist should be able to flourish I found myself making it a goal, an ambition, a home which would be better than the one I was born into. We talked about what it was like to work on the post bloody awful in weather like this- and where I would go after my foundation course away, anywhere- and as the warmth crept slowly through my limbs the perfume of Paula subtly permeated the air; her voice took on a fragrance, too, and washed over me, I was half inclined to close my eyes and curl up in that chair, as if the conversation was a bedtime story lulling me to sleep. I promised myself that I would spend some distant future days in just this way, in warmth and comfort.
*
It was getting close to six oclock when I remembered that I had to get back to the sorting office and drop off my mail bag. I told Paula that I had to leave.
No rest for the working woman, Paula smiled, as I went back to the kitchen to put on my socks and shoes; I picked up my coat and returned to the hall to see that Paula, too, had her coat on. Its starting to pour, she said. Ill give you a lift into town.
Theres really no need to, I told her.
But youve only just got dry, she argued. Come on, itll be quicker than going by bus.
We went around to the side of the house, to where Paulas Mini was parked, and shivered even as we sat inside it. Paula switched on the heater full blast, revved the engine like mad and we belted out of the drive and along the lane. She said this was the best way to get the car warm, excusing her driving, and I had to admit that I was already beginning to sweat by the time we reached the main road, as much from her exuberant driving as from the effect of the heater. Fortunately the rush hour traffic slowed us down and we travelled a little more safely into town, took all the short cuts Paula knew to bring us to the sorting office in a fraction of the time it would normally have taken.
Thats marvellous, I said, grateful for the ride. I could do with a lift like this every day.
Is that a definite booking then, love? Paula asked, turning slightly in her seat, speaking as she thought a cabbie might.
Pardon?
Would you like to book the car for the same time tomorrow?
I only wish it was possible, I laughed, never imagining that the offer might have been serious.
Go and take your bag inside, Paula told me, with a sudden impatience which I failed to understand. Ill wait here for you.
But theres no need-
Go on! Be quick!
I was out of the car before I could think of why Paula should want to wait. It was only as I walk up the stairs to the sorting room that I wondered if perhaps Paula was thinking of giving me a lift home. The idea disturbed me. I couldnt have that, for Gods sake! After visiting her home I didnt want Paula to see what my own was like and I desperately searched for some excuse to decline the favour.
Outdoors, again, I saw that the car is still there. I opened the door, but didnt get in.
Well, thanks for the lift. Now I think Ill pop along the road for a drink, I said, before the offer of a lift could be made.
Exactly what I had in mind, said Paula. Come on, hop back in.
But where? I asked, looking at the clothes I was wearing and thinking how inappropriate they would be in any of the places Paula frequented. Im hardly dressed-
You certainly arent naked, Paula interrupted. They let you in the Commercial dressed like that all the time. Come on, get in, its cold with that door open.
So I did as Paula said, remembering that she often went to the Commercial when we had our college binges but still a little surprised that she should want to go there at any other time. She parked around the corner, in the nearest available space, and for the walk to the pub pulled her coat to her, hugging it close to her body. If it wasnt been for the obvious expense of the coat, I thought, she could well have been a fellow art student, with her jeans and sweater and hair hanging loose. We went into the pub and I bought the drinks, able to do so without worry now that I was earning a little money; got myself a pint of bitter and Paula the lager she asked for.
The usual room? Paula supposed, and I agreed, thinking how it would be to walk in there and have Gus and the others but especially Gus- wonder what the hell was going on.
Gus and the others werent there, of course, term had finished and there was no one we know; the room was empty, in fact, we had our choice of seats, and we sat by the coal fire, inching our feet just close enough to warm our toes without scorching the soles of our shoes.
Nice, eh? said Paula.
Lovely, I agreed, then asked, But why did we come here?
For a drink, of course, Paula answered. You said you were going for a drink in any case, didnt you?
Yes, I did. Why this place, though?
Why not? You drink here a lot, dont you? And Ive been here often enough. I like the place.
After college, yes, Ive seen you often enough then, I said, but this wasnt really the point I was trying to make and I struggled for the words to say what was on my mind. What Im saying is, well, you come here with Ben and the rest of us, but-
A patient smile played across Paulas lips, perhaps slightly mocking, certainly amused. Youve seen the home I come from, thats it, youve seen that and its got you thinking?
Perhaps.
And perhaps it was what you might have called a posh house when you were younger?
I still would call it a posh house, but for the moment only admitted that it was a smarter place than I had ever been in before.
A lot smarter.
Lets stick with posh, Paula said. And is that perhaps how you see me? Posh?
No, not at all.
You fibber, she said, and started to laugh again. Youre thinking I dont belong in a scruffy place like this, youre thinking I should be in smarter places like the golf club my father goes to, or perhaps the tennis club my mother visits, or the restaurants where they both dine out a couple of times a week.
I was concerned that I might have offended Paula, insulted her in some way, the words were fairly rattling off her tongue and her expression had become gravely serious.
Im sorry if- I began.
Youre a bigot, Ginny, a narrow minded bigot, Paula said, but now the smile was returning as she slapped her hand on mine to shut me up, to insist that I listen. Just because I dress up for college, which Im expected to do except on Tuesday mornings, you shouldnt think my clothes give you a clue to the person I am. Okay, my parents have money and enjoy spending it in fancy places. Sure, there are times when I might join them. I dont have to go to the tennis club to enjoy myself, though, or the golf club. I can enjoy myself anywhere. Its the company thats important, not the surroundings. Can you see that?
Er, yes, I said, apparently not convincingly enough to satisfy her.
Ginny, love, she said, taking my hand and giving me a big sister sort of smile. If youre ever going to be an artist you really must try to be a little less narrow-minded.


Chapter Eight

On Christmas Eve I had finished work by early afternoon and been paid off, had my presents bought and wrapped. When I left work I called for a pint at the Commercial but there was no one there from the art school so I didnt stay long. Town was already beginning to fill up with drunkards, there were arguments developing outside pubs and people staggering and reeling after only a couple of hours drinking; the typically festive scene offended me so I made for home where I could sit in front of the fire, watch television and have no part in the decadent business. When I got to the house there was the smell of turkey, sage, all the usual holiday fare; we had no Christmas tree, we no longer bothered, but there were a few token decorations, a string of Christmas cards above the mantelpiece and a crib in the front window.
Finished at last? my mother asked, as I entered the living room. She was beginning to wind down, most of the work was done, the house had been cleaned from top to bottom and most of the food was prepared.
Yes, thank goodness.
You sit down and Ill put the kettle on. You must be tired.
It was the same reception my father used to get, when he came home from work. I passed the rest of the afternoon watching television, those programmes put on to keep the children distracted as Christmas Day drew closer, and Gran joined me, chuckling like someone in second childhood at the cartoon antics on the screen. She seemed like an infant and I could forgive her all her crabbiness, for a day or two at least; she was the one who enjoyed Christmas most of all, though for a moment or two on the day itself there would probably be a touch of sadness in her eyes as she remembered all those who werent there to share the holiday with her. My mother, too, would have a pensive spell, would perhaps go up to her bedroom and shed a tear or two, recalling Christmases she had spent with my father. It occurred to me that once the childhood excitement had gone there was a little too much sadness about the season.
After tea I slipped down to the off-licence to get a few bottles of beer all mother had in is sherry, port and a half bottle of rum- and when I returned Stephen was sitting in the living room. Hed brought presents for us all.
Isnt this nice of Stephen? said Gran, who had her present in her lap. She kept playing with the wrapping, squeezing the parcel to see how soft it was, searching for the shape of whatever was inside as if impatient to open it.
Stephen passed me my present.
Thanks a lot, I said; the parcel was soft, probably a sweater or a blouse. I dont suppose I can open it now, can I?
Tomorrow after mass, as usual, my mother said.
I would go to mass on Christmas morning, it was the only time I ever gave in to my mother and Gran, just to pacify them.
Mother gave me a cold meaningful stare some moments later, her eyes flitting quickly from me to Stephen and back again as if in some secret semaphore.
Gran wasnt that discreet, said gruffly, Well I hope youve got something for Stephen, Ginny.
Of course I have, I glared at her, though for a while after our argument Id thought twice about buying him anything at all, especially since Id seen the argument as a convenient excuse for breaking our relationship. A certain degree of kindness was called for at Christmas, though, and Id finally fought against the impulse and bought him something, reasoning that our separation could at least be amicable.
Well dont just sit there acting wooden, Gran told me. Go and get his present.
I went up to my bedroom, came back with Stephens gift; it was small, no bigger than a pack of cigarettes, and Gran snorted with derision when she saw it.
Is that it?
Beautiful things come in small packages, I told her indignantly.
Thanks, Ginny, said Stephen, accepting the gift, and said to Gran, Im sure its lovely.
Huh! Shes been working all the hours God sends and thats the best that she can do!
Mother shushed the old bag before I could say anything and the four of us sat for a while, Stephen and I a little uncomfortable in each others company. Gran asked how his parents were, and various aunts and uncles she knew, one of those conversation I always found difficult to suffer, meaningless, a waste of breath. Eventually Gran said she was going to take a nap before midnight mass and went up to her room, leaving just the three of us. After wed stared silently at the television for some minutes mother suggested that Stephen and I go out for a drink, reminded us that it was Christmas Eve and we should enjoy ourselves.
How about it? I asked Stephen, not really minding if we went out or not but feeling a little awkward just sitting there in near silence.
Yes, Id love to, he said.
He helped me on with my coat and when he'd wished my mother a Merry Christmas for tomorrow we left.
*
On the doorstep I asked Stephen if theres any particular place hed like to go.
I really dont mind, he said, though I wouldnt want to go to the Labour Club. Mum and Dad will be there and you know how crowded it gets on Christmas Eve.
Town will be just the same. People were brawling and throwing up this afternoon, so you can imagine what itll be like by now.
We agreed to stay local, then, and as we walked along the street Stephen linked his arm through mine; it was a feeling I had forgotten, that sense of possessing and being possessed, and I wasn't sure if I liked it or not.
The pub we went to was crowded and we were greeted like a couple, as if we had always been together and always would be; there were old school friends we had both grown up with and Stephen paused to chat with a few while I squeezed through to the bar.
Lager? the landlord asked me.
And a bitter.
Ive not seen the two of you together for a while, he commented, as he pulled the drinks. I thought maybe youd split up.
The way everyone concerned themselves in everyone elses business! It wasnt out of true concern, though. They were just nosy, as Paula had said.
Were still good friends and you can quote me on that, I said humourlessly, as I paid for the drinks and took them from the bar.
Stephen had got himself involved with company while I was being served, was standing with a small crowd in a corner of the lounge; I knew the people he was with, but didnt really want to join them. I had no choice, though, went across, and with the group being wholly working courting couples the talk was predictable, clothes and careers and hopes for the future; this was the way the maturing youths of Sleepers Hill always were. It took a while before courtesy obliged anyone to include me in the conversation, and then the only topic people could think of was my life as an art student, as if being an art student in that town was akin to being a sideshow attraction at a fair, a bearded lady or a creature with two heads.
Ginnys done my portrait, you know, Stephen said proudly, hugging me to his side. All her tutors say that its a marvellous piece of work.
That must be lovely, to have your portrait done. You could be famous forever, like the Mona Lisa.
This was Barbara, whose smile was not so much enigmatic as stark, in the way that it was painted on her face; she always had worn too much make-up and still hadnt learnt the subtleties of its application. There were great gobs of lipstick on her pouting mouth.
Its so romantic, said another, whose name escaped me. The best Alan can do- She nudged the chap beside her. -is send me a musical Valentine card.
They both said how much they envy Stephen and he hugged me closer all the time, kept gazing fondly into my eyes; for the first time since I started at the art school he saw me as an asset rather than an oddity, a girlfriend to be treasured rather than ashamed of. It had never occurred to him that other people might be envious and he revelled in this, saw that it was my talent as much as my appearance which made me unique.
The conversation became more than I could bear.
You wouldnt like to lend her to me, would you, Stevie? Barbara asked, and turned her simpering smile on me. Would you paint me, Ginny?
If I did it would be no oil painting; a coat of whitewash is what the girl needed.
No, she wouldn't, said Stephen firmly.
Barbara just likes the idea of stripping off in front of a people, said her friend. You do that, dont you, Ginny? You paint women with no clothes on.
Not me, its the women who are naked, I said, but the joke went way above her head.
She has to do, its a part of the course, said Stephen, excusing my licentiousness.
And has she painted you like that?
No!
Ill bet!
On the surface Stephen was indignant, but inwardly I think he enjoyed every minute of the discussion; though he denied posing naked for me he would like his friends to think that he had, it carries with it as much kudos as the losing of ones virginity. When the other couples announced that they were moving on, into town, Stephen was almost tempted to accept their offer that we join them, but I reminded him of how crowded the town pubs would be, suggested that it would be nicer just to have a quiet drink in the local. What persuaded him to stay, I think, were the disappointed expressions on the faces of Barbara and her companions, a suggestion that it was my company they wanted rather than his. He took my hand, then, to say that I belonged to him, and told them that we would stay.
Squeezed into a corner seat, there was enough noise about us to give us some privacy, we had become a little more comfortable with each other and Stephen was in a contented mood.
Im sorry about the argument we had, he said.
Me, too.
It was all my fault.
No, I understand how you felt.
Lets both forgive and forget, eh? he said, and kissed me on the mouth in a less inhibited way than he usually did when we were in public, not minding who might see; his lips were soft, his tongue flicked forward, it was more than just a dutiful peck. The blast from the jukebox by the bar became muted and the grumble of voices around us a vague murmur.
Do you want to stay? he whispered in my ear.
Stay?
Here. We could go home instead, if you like. Mum and Dad wont be back until late, theyll go on to midnight mass after the club.
At that moment I saw Stephen in comparison with the other young men, in comparison with the boyfriends of Barbara and her friends, and they all seemed ordinary when set against him.
We drank up and left, hurried arm in arm to his house and forgot about coffee for once. It was was Christmas, we helped ourselves from his parents bottles of spirits, listened to smoochy music which prompted him to remember the two of us dancing close together and falling in love.
That love was still there, he told me, his mouth slavering across mine, never still, skipping like an insect across the surface of a stagnant pond, and he told me he loved me so frequently that I wanted to ask why we couldnt go to his bedroom. We had time enough, we could have done, but I was weak and he was wicked, more wicked than one would think an office clerk ever could be. He eased open my jeans and I lost the will or the energy to crawl for his bedroom, I tried to undo his shirt and tie but his fingers wrapped around mine and held my hand to his swollen groin. Somehow my hand was held there even when his fingers released it, held as if paralysed, and he peeled back my trousers and drew me to him.
You still love me, dont you? he asked.
Yes, of course, I had to say.
Im so lucky to have you, he whispered, holding me close as if he would  always refuse to let me go. People are envious of me, you saw that tonight, they make me see how lucky I am.
Yes, there were people who might envy him, who might make him proud of me, but their envy or admiration meant nothing to me. I knew that in the company of his colleagues from work, those people who were becoming more and more a part of his life, he would never feel quite that same pride in me.
*
I felt like a hypocrite when I went to church the following morning, not because of the fornication of the night before but simply because of the fact that I was there, in the church. I could no longer believe in the rigmarole I witnessed on the altar and felt guilty that I should be there for any reason other than true faith. I tried to excuse myself by saying that I was there to please Gran and my mother, that pleasing people was a Christian act, but there was still a nagging insistence that I would do better to be true to myself, even if it meant upsetting others. If everyone was true to themselves there would be a lot less pain in the world, of this I felt sure.
Mass finished and we filed out of the church, but in the porch and on the steps there were people to offer the seasons greetings to, so many Gran knew that it was a while before we got back home. Once there, and before my mother made breakfast, we opened our presents in accordance with custom; from my mother I got a dress I would probably never wear, underwear off Gran, and a sweater, as I guessed, from Stephen. The sweater wasnt too bad, though, all black, very beatnik, very early-Beatles.
Gran and my mother were predictably happy with their gifts slippers and scarves and the usual things they expected- and we sat down to a jolly Christmas breakfast, a big fry-up with dollops of sauce. Inevitably, though, there came that miserable spell when we remembered the people we missed; it came in the afternoon, just after Christmas dinner. My mother had made the mistake of buying a turkey that was too big, as if there was still a man of the house to feed, and the error only occurred to her when she remembered that he wasnt there to carve the bird; I saw her mood change as we got to the Christmas pudding and immediately wed finished both she and Gran disappeared, claiming that they needed to lie down to digest all theyd eaten. I did the washing up, then, switched on the television, and that was all that Christmas would be for me, a full stomach and mindless hours spent watching old films.
*
We never had visitors on Christmas Day itself, everyone stayed with their families, even when those families had all but died out, so that night it was just the three of us in front of the television again. I drank a few of the bottles Id bought and we had turkey sandwiches and Christmas cake for supper. Well before eleven oclock we were all dead beat and in our beds.
Boxing Day was the day when people called round, and it was always a trial for me. In the past we would make the rounds of aunts and uncles, but with Gran getting on in years, and my mother widowed, the uncles and aunts now came to us. It was a wearying day, though the two women enjoyed it. The older folk talked to me about my future and remarked on how Id grown, trying not to show their displeasure or disappointment at the way I was turning out, while the younger brats of cousins were a little more open, saying I looked funny, like a bloke, with my short hair. I wanted to kick them as they dashed about the house with their noisy presents, toy guns that sparked and rattled and dolls that cried and wet their nappies. Everyone drank sherry or port in the front room, the best room, which has been cleaned and polished especially for the occasion, and the only exception is Uncle Jack who drank the half bottle of rum which my mother had got especially for him.
Jack was the most prosperous of the relations, only a butcher but lucky to have made a bit of money at it; hed got himself a nice car, a semi-detached with gardens front and back, and though mother had been getting her Christmas meat off him for years he still charged her full whack, never once saving her a penny.
All the best! he said, filling the doorway as he entered, all hale and hearty and full of bonhomie. There was something a little false about the greeting, he always struck me as being so bombastic; though he pretended not to, he was forever judging people by what they earned and what they had, despite growing up in a terraced house just like ours he regarded his present comfortable home as a sign of his worth rather than an indication of his good fortune.
Merry Christmas, Jack, my mother greeted him, as he led his wife into the front room. And you too, Doreen.
Doreen was a primary school teacher and Jack regarded her in much the same way that he regarded his home and his car, as something earned, a symbol of his exalted status; teachers were well respected in Sleepers Hill, much as university professors might be in a more civilised place.
Kisses were exchanged all around, then Jack took my hand, gave it a squeeze.
And how are you, Ginny? he asked.
Fine, I answered.
And the art studies? Theyre going well?
Yes, thanks.
He tried to strike up some conversation on matters aesthetic, feeling that he was qualified to do so because he had a Tretchikoff in his sitting room and a print of The Haywain in his dining room; he inevitably had advice to offer on my further education, again speaking with authority since he had just sent his eldest daughter to teacher training college. I was patient enough to respond politely, Christmas was the only time I saw him and it was the least I could do, but inwardly I was wishing he'd wander off and speak to the others, leave me in peace.
As my patience began to wear thin -I got the impression that he felt obliged to speak to me, acting in loco parentis now that my father was no longer there- I had to admit to some relief when Stephen came around to the house.
This is Stephen, my mother introduced him to the visitors. Ginnys boyfriend.
Ah! said Jack, with a smirk which I didnt much like. Well I hope youve got a lucrative career planned for yourself, Stephen. Youre going to need one if youve got yourself involved with an artist.
Stephen smiled, says, I work in finance.
Useful! Jack laughed. Very useful!
The talk dragged on, Jack joked about calling for a loan to expand his business, then boastfully admitted that he didnt really need one, that business was going quite well, thank you very much. Time and again he dropped vaguely disguised hints about how comfortably off he was. As if it wasnt enough that we had to hear all this -as if we might not believe him unless he continually reminded us- he suggested that we all might visit him at home to see for ourselves; this was not said in so many words, of course, what he offered us was an invitation to a party he was giving on New Years Eve, but the intention was there, a desire to stuff down our throats just how grand he had become.
Youll come, of course? he said to Gran and my mother. Ill send a taxi round for you. And you too, Ginny. Bring your boyfriend along, why dont you?
Well actually, said Stephen, as I was desperately thinking of excuses to decline the invitation, New Years Eve was one of the reasons I called.
Yes? I said.
The firms holding its dinner dance that night. I really cant get out of it, so I thought I ought to tell you before you made other plans.
Whether he was able to invite me along or not, he was tactful enough not to do so, perhaps understanding how some of my more sarcastic relations might react to the idea of my dining and dancing in an evening dress.
I shrugged. Never mind. I hadnt arranged anything.
Youll still be welcome at our place, Jack told me. Come along with your Mum and Gran.
I might, I lied.
Doreen asked Stephen where the dinner dance was to be held, nodded approvingly when she was told, said, Its a lovely place, youll enjoy it. We go there quite often, dont we, Jack?
The posers.
When my duty had been done, when Id suffered enough of the inane talk and Stephen had patiently listened to Doreens advice about what he should wear, the two of us sidled off to the other room.
Alone, Stephen drew me into his arms.
Thanks for the present, he said. Its great, classy stuff.
I'm just sorry it couldnt have been more, I said modestly.
But Calvin Klein aftershave! It must have cost the earth! Ill treasure it, Ginny, Ill only ever wear it for you!
Yes? Well if he kept to his word he must have the bottle still, it might never run dry.


Chapter Nine

If Christmas had been its usual self, becoming ever more miserable and depressing, like a party balloon deflating, then I could only think that the heralding of another new year would be so bad as to make me downright suicidal. Stephen had been brave enough to invite me along to his dinner dance, but was obviously sure that I would never accept; the offer of a taxi ride to Jacks party was still there, but there was no chance of me accepting that, either. With the people from the art school scattered all over Sleepers Hill and district the chances of bumping into any of them was remote, so I was resigned to seeing in the new year alone. I stocked up with a few more bottles of beer, watched television for a while, then switched on the record player before the customary Hogmanay drivel came on the screen.
After Id finished the beer I had a couple of glasses of port, too lazy to make another trip to the off-licence, and by nine oclock had drunk enough to see me through that miserable phase of self-pity and bring me to a state where I was quite content if not deliriously happy- with my own company. The drink made me a little tired but I thought that it would be a sin to go to bed before midnight, felt that I really should stay up until the factory whistles blew to announce the new year, take a peek at the door on the stroke of midnight to see the first footers lining the street.
Struggling towards that time, fighting to stay awake, I was feeling a little dozy when the knock came on the door. Close to sleep, I couldnt think who it might be, unless perhaps it was Stephen feeling guilty or already bored with the dinner dance. The knock came again, impatiently, just before I opened the door, and there stood Paula.
Paula? I asked, in case I was so tired that I was seeing things. Is it you?
Oui, cest moi, she smiled, and she seemed a little tipsy herself, had a dreamy heavy-lidded look to her eyes. Ive been to every place I can think of and cant find a single person Id like to see the new year in with.
So-?
So the least you can do is treat me to a drink. Have you got anything in the house?
Not a drop, I hurriedly said, not wanting her to see inside a place which must seem squalid enough from the outside.
Then come on, well drink out, Paula said, reaching for my hand.
Hang on a minute, let me get my coat, I told her. You go warm up the car.
I ran back inside the house and grabbed a coat. Luckily I didnt need to waste time changing, I was dressed respectably enough to keep my mother happy over the holiday, wearing decent black trousers and the sweater Stephen had bought me. When I got back to the door Paula was in the car and had the engine running.
All revved up and raring to go, she grinned, as I climbed in beside her.
*
We drove into town as speedily as on the last occasion but I could see that Paula wasnt drunk, simply exuberant and quite in control.
How did you know where I lived? I asked her.
Im the college secretary, remember, as well as the woman who takes her clothes off. I know all there is to know about everyone in that place.
So what prompted you to call around?
Company. Everyone needs company on New Year's Eve, she said, and laughed as she braked to let a drunkard step back onto the pavement, gave him a friendly wave as she drove past. Now where should we go?
Paula parked the car in the town centre, convenient for most places, and the streets were even worse than they had been on Christmas Eve; there were arguments everywhere, people shouting and reeling and throwing up in the gutter, and it disturbed Paula as much as it did me, we held onto each other as we walked along the street, holding on more tightly whenever there was trouble ahead, someone staggering too drunkenly or a crowd suddenly breaking into an argument, our bodies so close that I could feel those contours that Id previously only traced in pencil or charcoal.
Disgusting, arent they? Paula said.
They are, I agreed.
Still, if its their only pleasure then I suppose youve got to pity them.
We stopped off for drinks here and there, at a number of pubs and bars; they were all so full that we could only stand, so noisy that it was difficult to talk. I wanted to ask Paula why she had called for me, for me rather than someone else if she had everyones address, but the cacophony made it impossible; I suspected, though, that if I did question Paula she would only answer as before, that she had wanted company, someone to share a drink or two with. We didnt stay in any one pub for long, we moved on quickly, and after the fourth or fifth drink we both agreed that our eardrums were aching with all the noise, so Paula led me on to a place which she said will be a little more peaceful. Her arm around my waist, mine bravely around her shoulders, we walked by the side of the park, away from the centre of town; we were both a little drunk and it seemed only natural that we should support each other.
Where is it youre thinking of going? I asked Paula.
The Bellingham.
You have to be joking! I said.
Why? Whats wrong with the place?
The Bellingham was more of a select club than a pub, a restaurant, a hotel, everything to anyone who can afford it; a favourite haunt of town councillors and Rotarians and the like, Id worked there as a waitress the previous year.
You dont have to go in to dine. Theres a regular bar where you can just have a drink.
Theyll never let me in there, I told Paula. Not after some of the arguments I had with the snootier customers. Those councillors very nearly got me the sack last summer.
Dont worry, theyll have forgotten you by now, Paula assured me. You know what town councillors are like, senile to a man, every last one of them.
Paula was insistent, she took my hand and led me into the cocktail lounge, and I couldnt help but give a smug little chuckle at being back in the place in such circumstances. We bought drinks at the bar -I let Paula get them, she more at ease in the place- and sink into the soft upholstery of the chairs. It was a lot more dignified than the other places wed visited, there was a gentle hubbub of conversation, women coming and going with their escorts, some stopping for a drink in the lounge before floating through to the restaurant. Some even wore evening dresses, it was that kind of place, and I asked Paula what I was doing there.
Should I say that youre having a drink with me, that were enjoying each others company? Or dont you think that's getting a little repetitious by now?
I suppose it is, rather, I agreed.
Paula shook her head slowly, defeatedly, as if I wearied her; she leaned forward, her head a little to one side, her smile inexplicable and her gaze fixed on me. As an excuse to shift my eyes from Paulas, I took a sip of my drink.
So, you gave Stephen aftershave for Christmas? Paula said.
Thats right. I couldnt give him the painting he wanted, could I?
And what are you going to give me, Ginny?
I laughed. Its a little late for Christmas presents now, but what would you like?
I was rather taken with that last drawing you did of me.
Then you can have it, I said without hesitation, but Paula refused, reminded me that I would need the drawing for my portfolio. What, then? I wondered.
Paulas head came closer to mine, her hair tickling my cheek, and I found it difficult to focus on her face as she said, in a soft, secretive voice, Do you know what I usually like, right on the stroke of the new year?
No. What?
Paula gripped mind hand tightly, pulled it towards her as if guessing that I might recoil, and answered without a hint of shame, An orgasm.
I blushed, as if everyone in the room might have heard, glanced anxiously around but saw that no one was looking; Paula laughed at my embarrassment and I searched her eyes for any sign of drunkenness, saw none, only merriment. I wondered if Paula was serious.
*
It was only when I was sitting on the edge of Paulas bed, in her flat, my fingers trembling as I removed my shoes, that I realised that the woman was perfectly serious. We had kissed on the walk back from the Bellingham, kissed on the doorstep and in her flat as Paula led me through to the bedroom.
I didnt hear her come from the bathroom, stepping bare-footed across the thick pile of the carpet. I sensed rather than saw that she was there, could smell her warmth at the same time as her perfume. She stood before me and as I looked up she began to unfasten the buttons which ran down the front of her skirt, parted it when it was held only by a single button at the waist to reveal her thighs and the darker blonde clump of hair which I had seen so many times before in the life class. She cupped her hand there, stroking herself gently, then ran a finger across my lips, feeling slightly sticky and smelling a little stale. I had never known a woman do this before and it excited me, I saw Paula smile down at me and though I ought to have been revolted still I found that I was kissing the fingers which were offered, licking at the soft tips and smooth nails.
Paula moved closer so that my cheek was resting against her thigh, my lips against the prickly hair, and the pressure of a hand behind my neck coaxed me on. I kissed Paula, forgetting where it was that I kissed, had my fingers behind her thighs and beneath her buttocks. Her two hands held my face and she shifted a little to place me just where she wanted me, her body tensing. She kept holding me away from her and then clutching me close, as if fighting whatever it was she feels, until finally the factory whistles blew in the distance and she grasped me to her even more strongly. I was held there for what seemed a dark interminable period, so close to Paula that I felt a part of her, until her body slowly softened, her embrace relaxed and she slipped down to sit astride my lap.
Lovely, was her eventual response, an acknowledgement of pleasure rather than a statement of affection. She grinned, said, And a happy new year to you, too, Ginny.
I was still catching my breath, Paula was running her fingers through my hair like a mother tidying her little child. Do you know, I've never done that before, I confessed.
Done what? Paula asked, her hand slipping beneath my sweater, tugging it away from my waist.
Kissed a woman, like that, I said awkwardly. You know, down there.
Paula could have made fun of my artlessness, but didnt, simply said, Oh, really? Theres a name for it, you know. Then, her fingers at my trousers, she said, Want to give it a try?
*
It was late afternoon before I got home, and as soon as I walked through the door my mother wanted to know where I'd been. I lied, of course, told her that a couple of friends had called around to invite me to a party, it had got late, I slept on a couch.
Reprobate, said Gran; after confession it was the longest word in her vocabulary, and her favourite when it came to me.
You could have left a note, my mother complained. We had no idea where you were.
Im sorry, I said, and gave her a kiss. Anyway, happy new year.
It was only after Id kissed her that I wondered if she could smell anything, worried about that special fragrance that a woman has and that it might be lingering about me, so I said Id go and have a bath. I drenched myself with salts and soaps, it was best to be cautious, my mother had a sharp nose and a suspicious nature.
On the second day of the new year Stephen called around and was amusingly guilty when he told us of his evening at the dinner dance, made it sound so much like Prince Charmings ball that Gran and mother listened enraptured, as attentive as children being told a fairy tale; they asked him what the women wore, what food there was, I could see them keep looking at me and wishing I was a part of that world of black ties and flowing gowns. When Stephen said he was sorry I couldnt have been there I saw Gran give a nasty little smirk.
Well sod them, I thought, sod the lot of them. My mind was on Paula. I was going to meet her again, and it was Paula who had suggested it.
Stephen lingered and I wanted some reason to be shut of him, or at least a reason to leave without him. Gran and my mother continued to make him welcome, though, I began to get impatient when we had a lunch of turkey sandwiches and Stephen tucked in, then settled down to watch a film on television.
Ive got to nip out for a while, I finally said, and sensed Stephen ready to spring from his seat at the slightest hint of an invitation.
Youre surely taking Stephen with you for the walk? Gran said, as if he was a pet who might be about to piss on the carpet.
I cant. I'm going to see Gus. College business.
There isnt much of a bus service today, my mother warned me, knowing that Gus lived a couple of miles away.
Thats why I have to go on the bike, I said, which is my excuse for not taking Stephen with me. I wont be too long.
So I was out of the house on my own, leaving the disappointed Stephen behind, but was stuck with the bloody bicycle, which really wasnt the thing to arrive at the Bellingham on, not even if it was a racer with ten gears and tubeless tyres. I pedalled like mad up the street, soon out of breath since I hadnt ridden the bike for ages, wondering what to do, decided that Jeff was closer than Gus, and more or less on my way, so called at his house.
Sure, Jeff said, when I asked if I could leave the bike with him. But why?
Because I cant take it with me.
Then why come out on it in the first place?
Ill explain some other time, I said, in a rush. Just stick the thing in the backyard and Ill pick it up when I can.
He did as I asked and I went the rest of the way on foot, working up a sweat which I didnt really need. By the time I got to the Bellingham I was in a bit of a mess, sticky, my hair slick with sweat. Peering through the door, into the lounge, I could see Paula looking so cool that she makes me feel even more uncomfortable.
I thought you werent going to come, she said when I joined her; she was wearing black, as I was again, and I thought we make a nice little harmony together, like a Whistler nocturne.
Problems, I told her. Can I get you a drink?
Paula held up her glass, sparkling against the dark silk of her blouse. White wine, she told me. Dry.
I went to the bar to get the drinks -wine for me, too, since it seemed more suited to the atmosphere of the place than a pint of lager- and when I returned Paula asked me what the problem had been.
Nothing serious.
Stephen? she guessed.
Right, I admitted. He turned up this morning and just wouldnt leave, gave us a report on the dinner dance, invited himself to stay for lunch and then settled down to watch television.
I take it you didnt tell him what your new years eve was like? Paula asked, and though her face wasnt fully turned towards me her eyes were looking at me, only half seen and striking wicked gleams of light. When I said nothing she grinned. No, of course you didnt. I wouldnt expect you to.
I felt guilty, as if I had betrayed Paula, said, Sorry.
Why sorry? How could you tell hi, what happened? Hes been your boyfriend for however many years so youre not going to tell him anything that might hurt him, not on account of a one-night stand.
Is that what it was? I asked. Just one night?
Thats all its been so far, so why say anything to him?
But is that all its going to be?
It all depends. Is that all you want it to be? Paula asked, and answered for me, before I could speak. No, I can sense you dont. Neither do I, otherwise I wouldnt have suggested we see each other again today.
No?
No.
*
Later, when the two of us left the Bellingham and walked back into town, Paula said, Theres no need to say anything to Stephen. You can come back as often as you like, whenever you like, but theres no need to let Stephen know whats happening until you think the time is right.
Why do you tell me that? I asked, for to me it sounded a little suspicious, as if to say that there was no need to tell Stephen anything because there was nothing which needed admitting to, nothing more than a brief flirtation which would quickly burn out.
Paula was more acutely perceptive than Stephen could ever be, though, and sensed my suspicion immediately.
Dont frown, Ginny, dont look so worried. I only say you can take your time because I dont want to see anyone hurt, not even Stephen. Come to me when you like, tell him when you can.
*
When I left Paula at the door to her flat I was convinced by what has been said; I didnt know why Paula should want to spend more time with me than the few hours wed shared so far, but I sensed that she was being honest when she said that she did, believed that she wanted to be with me as much as I wanted to be with her. As for hurting anyone, I found it hard to credit that Paula ever could; her body was soft, her nature was kind, only hard things could hurt, or people who were hard inside, and she fell into neither of these categories.
Gran, on the other hand, she could hurt without trying, she could have a soul like steel at times, and it was she who was waiting with the questions when I got home, questions as pointed as the knitted needles which she clicked together in a furious rage.
When she asked where Id been I gave her the standard reply. Out.
Out where?
With friends.You said you were going to see that boy Gus, she recalled.
I did, and we went out for a drink with a couple of other people.
The lies came easily. I had never found it difficult to lie, had always been able to do so without compunction and never felt any guilt; lies were usually what people wanted to hear, after all, not the truth. Gran would not want to be told of the absolute evil -as she would regard it- of what Id been up to, a few venial sins were all she wanted to hear of, minor transgressions which would go to show what an inconsiderate little sod her grand-daughter was; petty iniquities would give her the excuse to have a go at me, grumble until she was happy and turn her pique to pleasure; anything truly serious, those sins she would call mortal, would cause her pain rather than pleasure, and so my lies kept the old woman happy, which was how I excused them.
You know that Stephen waited here for hours? Gran said.
How could I? I answered, though I had guessed he might do. I wasnt here, was I?
Cheek!
Anyway, you enjoy each others company, you and him and mother.
It was your company he came for!
He didnt want my company on new years eve, did he? I said, to keep things going, to keep the argument bubbling, and Gran got into the spirit of it, setting her knitting down and wagging a finger at me.
And do you know why he didnt? Because it was a posh do, thats why, and hed be too embarrassed to be seen with the likes of you!
Well, if he cant take me as I am-
We're embarrassed to be seen with you, for goodness sake, your poor mother and me! You dress like a tramp!
But wasnt it you who taught me that its not what a person looks like, its what they are that matters?
Gran had said this often, she was unable to deny it, so she switched tack, became less critical and more reasonable. Like prayers muttered to her God, her low voice crackled with an ancient knowledge of the ways of the world as she tried to persuade me of my error, of why I should change, why I should conform. I would never hold onto Stephen the way I was, I would never find another nice young man unless I mended my ways.
I laughed to myself. Gran didnt stand a chance of changing me, I could see no reason why I needed to change.


Chapter Ten

At the start of the new term Ben gave us this long speech about how important the coming weeks were; we would choose the colleges we were going to apply to, put together the portfolio we would take for interview and every piece of work would have to count, each would have to impress; there would be decisions made about what type of course to apply for and the staff would advise us, point us to fine art or graphics or whatever, according to the work wed done. My mind was already made up on that score, it had to be fine art for me, I would be a painter or I would be nothing. This was my selfishness again, I supposed; painters pleased themselves while designers were generally obliged to please others.
The speech dragged on a bit, in his carefully rehearsed way Ben did his best to stir his students, but I had no need to pay attention since Id watched Paula type out the notes for him. Much of the holiday left to us had been spent together, going for drives in her car, walking, sitting and talking in her flat. I spent the occasional night there, too. Nothing had changed, everything was fine.
When Ben had finished his speech, recited more or less word for word from the typed notes, we all got down to work. There would be no set projects during that term, of the sort we had started the course with; we had been novices then, straight from school, but were now becoming professionals; each of us had our own ideas and all the tutors needed do was guide people gently this way or that. I had no major work in progress, the large pieces had been finished before Christmas, so I spent some time looking through what I had, the drawings and the sketchbooks, searching for the next direction to take. While I was doing this, Ben poked his nose in.
Remember the last life drawing you did? he said. The pretty one you wouldnt let me touch?
The one I had promised Paula.
Yes.
Where is it?
I got it out of the drawing and laid it on the table; it had one or two smudges on it, fingerprints and the like, which I would have to clean off with a soft putty rubber, but these apart the drawing was as perfect as I remembered it. Following the events of the holiday the drawing had taken on an even greater significance for me.
Ben pointed to the lines and the angle of the pose, said, Look, forget about the head-
Decapitate Paula?
-cut the arms off just below the shoulders and what have you got?
What? I asked, horrified.
Another of your crucified pieces of meat.
I could see what he was getting at, but didnt like the idea, the drawing meant even more to me now and there was no way I could deface it, neither the image nor the idea. We argued for a while, I suggested that the idea of crucified meat might wear a bit too thin if it was repeated again and again while Ben reasoned that this was simply the natural progression of a theme which was expected of an artist.
But Im not exactly an artist yet, am I? I said.
You should want to be. Its what you should be striving for.
I do, and I am, I assured him. Im still learning, though, still feeling my way. Its alright for an established artist to work at length on a single theme, but I ought to be showing more versatility at this stage.
Youve got to show that you can carry on an idea right through to its conclusion.
And Ive also got to show that Im full of ideas. If the people who interview me see nothing but lumps of meat they might think thats the only idea Ive been able to come up with.
After lengthy debate Ben finally conceded the point, said that there was no telling what might happen when I went for interview, that I might find myself facing a bunch of vegetarians repulsed by the very idea of my butchered crucifixions. To my relief, then, the drawing of Paula went safely back into the folder and we looked through other work, considered other ideas; Ben made a suggestion or two, then left me to ponder them. Thinking about a piece of work was often as important as its actual execution, so no one complained when lunchtime came and I still hadnt produced any tangible work. Between twelve oclock and a quarter past most people drifted away, to the canteen or out to the pub, but I hung on in the studio.
*
At twelve thirty precisely, Paulas lunch break, I heard her coming into the studio. I was still hunched over a table, scribbling in a notebook, thumbing through drawings, and Paula stood behind me, leaned over and wrapped her arms around me as she kissed me on the back of the neck.
It must be that I tensed, or started suddenly even though Id heard her coming, because Paula had given her no more than a quick hug before she pulled up a stool and looked questioningly at me.
Is there something wrong? she asked.
No, not at all.
Yes there is. What is it?
Are you having lunch today? I asked her, as I look around at the few people left in the studio; none were watching us, they were all engrossed in their work.
Just the usual coffee and a sandwich.
Come on, then, well nip out for something.
Okay, if you like, Paula agreed, and we left by the back stairs, went out of college by the rear of the building.
At a nearby sandwich bar we got cheese rolls and coffees, then walked through the gardens by the parish church.
Now can you talk? Paula smiled, sitting at a bench and unwrapping her lunch. Is it safe, now theres no one listening?
What do you mean? Safe? I asked innocently.
Come on, tell me whats troubling you, she prompted, and in the privacy of the church gardens, under her insistent gaze, I had to admit to feeling rather like a school-kid who was having it off with the headmasters secretary.
Its all very nice in secret, during the holidays, I said, but it becomes a bit embarrassing once school starts again.
Laughing, Paula said, So you think wed better restrict our affair to the holidays? Is that what you want?
No, of course not.
Or perhaps you only want to be with me in bed, you dont want to be seen with me anywhere else.
You know thats not true, I protested.
Do I? Paula drank down her coffee, tossed her empty cup into a litter bin. Youve got to remember that you arent at school any more, Ginny. Youre at art college, its a liberal place and youre not going to get expelled for what youre doing. She rose from the bench, straightened her skirt. You may as well accept that people will notice, too, sooner or later, no matter how secretive we are.
She was right, of course. I knew that. I remembered what she had said to me just before Christmas, that if I was ever going to be an artist I needed to be a little less narrow-minded. To show that I understood I caught Paula by the arm and kissed her full on the mouth.
Very good, Ginny, Paula said with a mocking grin, when I released her. Very brave of you, too, considering that theres no one here to see. Ill give you a bit more credit when you can do that in college, though.
Are you making fun of me? I asked.
Only in a loving way, she promised. Youre cute when youre embarrassed. Its a sort of nave charm.
Nave? I said, responding as if it was an insult. I hardly considered it nave of me to get involved with a woman like Paula.
Yes, Ginny, at times you are. Now come on, Ive got to get back, Paula said, taking my hand. She added wickedly, Dont panic, I promise to let go of your hand as soon as were in sight of college.
I dont mind, let everyone see us, I said, wrapping Paulas fingers tightly in mine, but when I became uncomfortable, among the busier streets near college, I heard her give a soft laugh as she released my hand. It really is only embarrassment, you know, I promised her. It isnt shame or anything like that.
I should bloody well think not! she said.
*
Of course Paula was right about it being impossible to keep our affair a secret. People were bound to notice, we were a tight-knit community in the art school and it didnt take long for suspicions to be aroused; only the very next week, in the Commercial with the usual crowd, one clue quickly led to another.
First of all Jeff reminded me that my bike was still at his house.
When are you going to pick it up? he asked me. It isnt covered, its going to get rusty if its left there much longer.
Ill call as soon as I can, I said. Tomorrow, the day after, whenever I find the time.
You still havent told me why you had to leave it there.
Because I couldnt take it with me.
So why bring it out with you in the first place?
My answers were patently evasive, and so aroused the suspicions of the others; what had begun as a private exchange between Jeff and myself was soon being followed by everyone else.
I needed to get out of the house alone, without Stephen tagging along, I said. Its no tandem, remember, so going on the bike was the best way to be rid of him.
Thats reasonable enough, Jeff agreed, as others nodded with him. Once you were out on the bike, though, why didnt you go on it all the way to wherever you were going? Why did you have to leave it with me?
Because the place I was going wasnt the sort of place you can go to on a bike, I said, becoming impatient and feeling my face flushing.
Gus came in at this point, laughing one of his loud incredulous laughs. Come off it, Ginny! How many places like that are there in this miserable town?
The Bellingham, I blurted out, and immediately wanted to bite my tongue.
The Bellingham? Who do we know that goes there? Youre not telling us you do?
Paula goes there, Chrissie recalled, and there was a sudden twinkle in her eye as she further remembered: And, now that I come to think of it, Ive seen the two of you chatting together an awful lot in college of late, especially in the studio when most other people have gone for lunch.
Paula and Ginny? You cant be serious.
People exchange curious glances while I sipped my drink in silence, feeling my cheeks burning ever more fiercely.
Was it the Bellingham you went to? Gus asked me. To meet Paula?
What Paula had said about the need for honesty came to mind, and how Id promised her that I felt no shame about our affair, so I owned up to the truth of the matter, answered yes to both of his questions. There were astonished looks, disbelieving chuckles, I thought I detected a gasp or two of admiration.
So what was she doing with you? Oggie Ogden asked. Was she looking for a bit of scruff? Slumming it?
I dont think so, I replied.
Piss off! Of course she was!
She must be awful fond of scruff, then, I answered smugly.
You mean youve been out with her more than just the once? Gus asked.
Yes, Ive seen her more than the once, I owned up. In fact Im due to meet her just about now, I added, looking at my watch, so if youll excuse me...
*
Outside, on the street, I felt a giddy pounding in my brain as if I had confessed the most mortal of sins to the parish priest. There would be no penance to pay for this particular confession, though; instead there might be respect, when I told Paula, and maybe even a little glory in the glances I would get the next day in  college. I sprinted down the street and felt my spirit soar, more free than it had ever been made by confession, ran along to Paulas flat and rang the doorbell.
She was dressed in jeans and tee shirt when she opened the door. The flat was so warm that I needed my feet as bare as hers, kicked off my shoes and pulled off my socks to squat beside her on the settee. The flat was small, compact, I had never known such a cosy place, as warm and welcoming as Paula herself.
People know, I told her, with a broad grin.
About us, you mean?
Right.
Which people?
The ones you might expect; Gus, Jeff and company.
Paula smiled, I could see that she was pleased. And now that they know it'll soon be common knowledge.
Theyll keep it to themselves if I ask them to, I said. Theyre good friends.
Paula shook her head and her hair smelled fresh, of the shampoo shed used. No, theres no need to keep it secret. Is there?
No, I agreed.
Theres no need to hide whats going on. Theres no need to hide anything.
I was persuaded to stay that night -there was always an excuse I could give my mother, who was becoming accustomed to my coming and going- and the next morning Paula and I went into college together, at just the right time for people to see us. I kept the promise I made to her in bed, kissed her openly and lovingly outside Bens office where everyone could witness, staff and students alike.
Just get an eyeful of me! Ginny da Vinci grown up!


Chapter Eleven

I next saw Stephen the weekend after news of my affair began to circulate around college, and I was determined to tell him everything before he found out for himself. I had little chance to speak to him, though, it seemed that we were never alone for long enough, so I had to wait until Tuesday, the evening when his parents went out. I would go with him for a drink and tell him then.
For obvious reasons which were as yet unknown to Stephen it had been some time since our last customary Tuesday night out; there had been the busy weeks before Christmas, the interruption of the holiday itself, and then the excuse that there was so much to do at that crucial point in my career. When I met him that evening he was bright and cheerful, eyes sparkling and cheeks flushed, like a child looking forward to a long-awaited treat; there was a sloppy kiss on the mouth for me, then his arm linked through mine. I was all too aware that he didnt hold me the way Paula did
The first thing he asked was if the varnish on his portrait was dry yet.
Its still a little tacky, I lied. It can take weeks, sometimes months, for it to dry properly. I cant bring it home from college just yet.
But soon? Ill see it soon?
As soon as possible.
I cant wait. Ive told Mum and Dad all about it and theyre keen to see it too. Mums even said that if its as good as I say then she wouldnt mind having another done for the living room. Do you think you could manage that, Ginny?
Obviously there was no chance, but I simply said, Im not sure.
Shed pay you, of course.
Its not the money, Stephen. You know how much work Ive got to do this term, important work.
But if you could find the time?
If I can find the time, I said, to silence him.
We walked into town and the clump of his brogues on the pavement sounded a little less steady than Paulas unmistakable step, as if hed only just learned how to walk in grown up shoes. I suppose it was unfair of me, but I found myself making comparisons all the time; the clothes I had once thought so smart on him now seemed a little less so, the aftershave he wore even though I had bought it for him- seemed a touch too obvious, and I could only think that he splashed it on whereas Paula used her scents more cleverly. Unkind, yes, but just as I had once compared Stephen with less attractive friends of his, so I now made a further comparison, an unfair one perhaps, but one which was to his disadvantage; it was a natural progression, I guessed, in the artists search for perfection.
Stephen asked me where Id like to go, a sign of how content he was, of how pleased he was to be with me, and I surprised him by choosing the Crofters; this was the place where I would like to remember him, brash and raucous, loud and over-decorated.
We found a seat in a corner and had a couple of drinks, Dutch courage for me; I couldnt tell Stephen outright, off the cuff, what was on my mind, it had to come slowly and I needed to rehearse the words in my head. This I did, while Stephen droned on about his boring day at the office.
Right, I finally decided, Id get one more drink and then break the news.
The bar was crowded, it took a while to get served, and then I was caught in conversation with some slight acquaintance; maybe five minutes had passed before I got back with the drinks, and then it was to find some girl with Stephen, one who was obviously slightly drunk and trying to chat him up; she was leaning close to him and doing her best to work her arm around his shoulders.
Why couldnt the slut have waited a little longer, just fifteen minutes, half an hour? Stephen would have been free then, available, ready to be caught on the rebound.
Hey! I said, putting the drinks down on the table, and the girl turned to me, smiling boozily.
Piss off, she burped.
No! You piss off! Go on, lose yourself!
The girl took no notice of me so I grabbed her by the shoulder and pulled her away. I had never been especially strong, but the girl was drunk and back she went, tripped over her own clumsy feet and tumbling to the floor. While she was still struggling to get up the landlord and a barman were across to her, grabbing her by the arms and bundling her out the door.
The landlord returned full of apologies. Im sorry about that, he gushed. Shes a nuisance, that one, when shes had a drink or two.
Thats okay, no harm done, I said, but out of the corner of my eye I was worried to see Stephens look of admiration.
He held onto me, then, like I was some sort of heroine, and there was so much love in his eyes that I couldnt bring myself to speak of the all important matter; wearily I suggested that we go home. All the way back to Stephens house the love was in his eyes, he told me how wonderful I was and kept clinging to me; if Id told him the truth right there and then Id have felt such a cunt, so all I could do was accept his adulation, go into his house for a quick kiss and cuddle and then report back to Paula the next day.
*
I expected Paula to be disappointed, perhaps even angry, but she found the whole episode quite amusing.
So now youre his knight in shining armour? she laughed, when we were back at her flat after college. A bit of a reversal in roles, the dame dashing along on her charger to rescue the dupe in distress. I must confess Im seeing a new side to your nature, Ginny.
Paula was in her bathrobe, before the dressing table; she'd just had a shower and was putting on make-up before we went out for a meal, but my story had her so amused that she couldnt keep her mouth straight to apply her lipstick.
You think its funny? I asked, sitting on the edge of the bed and seeing her grin reflected in the mirror.
Just a little, yes, she said, putting down the lipstick, shaking with laughter.
Well it isnt! I was all set to tell him everything and then this stupid slut comes along and starts chatting him up!
So you took her by the scruff of the neck and flung her aside? Paula was watching me, now, in the mirror, her eyes sparking with mocking mischief. I think that was very gallant of you, Ginny.
I didnt do us any favours though, did I? I said, quite miserably.
Paula swivelled around on her low stool to face me. Thats one of the things I like about you, she said, to add to my confusion.
What? That Im such a coward when it comes to being open and honest? That Im so much a coward that I kept putting off the moment until it was too late to say anything?
No, thats what I mean at all, she said, her smile becoming less teasing. She slipped from the stool and knelt on the floor before me. You care, Ginny, thats what I like about you. Youre sensitive to other peoples feelings. Its going to hurt Stephen enough when you tell him about us, so naturally you couldnt say anything to him after what happened last night.
I brushed Paulas hair back from her face, I needed to see her more clearly and understand more fully. Youre not disappointed with me, then?
Why should I be? Youre here with me, not with Stephen, so theres no reason whatsoever to be disappointed.
I had to smile, there was something quite unique about Paula. You must have the patience of a saint, I commented.
Your Saint Sebastian? she laughed, and got to her feet, striking the pose we both remembered, one knee slightly bent so that her bathrobe parted at the thigh. Is this how you see me, as one of your martyred pieces of meat?
I caught hold of her and pulled her close, toppling us both back onto the bed.
The next time I see Stephen, I vowed. I'll tell him everything then.
Sadly I never got the opportunity.
*
Work was again the distraction which prevented me from speaking with Stephen.
One Saturday early each year the college held its open day, a public relations exercise to emphasise its importance to the community and attract more students for the next academic year. Saturday was a poor day to choose, in Sleepers Hill on Saturdays people went shopping or drinking or to the football match; the time of the year was awkward for the us students, too, since we were so busy thinking about our applications to other colleges. The administration insisted, though, the locals had to be impressed and we were all obliged to do our best.
Before I could find the time to speak with Stephen, then, I was caught up in work for the open day, for which the art school was predictably expected to put on an exhibition of work; we wasted valuable time mounting drawings and tarting up paintings and the staff appointed themselves as the hanging committee, choosing the work which would be shown.
I never quite imagined that it was theyre going to hang, along with my work.
*
The three tutors saw each student in turn, looked through our work and decided what would go into the exhibition. It was immediately apparent that there are dual standards in operation at this particular crit; Ben, Ian and Maggie were faithful to their artistic integrity for the most part, they chose work which they thought was good, but in order to please the uninitiated locals they also opted for a number of pretty pieces, drawings and paintings which they believed have no merit other than a technical competence or superficial attraction. It was in accordance with this criterion that they picked out my favourite drawing of Paula. This I didnt mind, for I still thought it to be the best drawing Id done, despite what Ben said. Nor did I mind when they selected my crucified carcass of meat, as an example of true art. When they also picked out the portrait of Stephen, though, I had to complain.
No, leave that one out, I told them.
Why? asked Ben. Its good, it deserves to be shown.
But you know what people are like around here. Theyll laugh at it.
Ben was disappointed with me. Youre surely not worried about that? They laughed at Picasso, Chagall, Van Gogh. Thats pretty exalted company, Ginny. You should be flattered if they laugh at your work.
I know, but Id still rather you left it out of the show.
Are you perhaps worried that your boyfriend will see it? Maggie asked suspiciously.
No, he wont be coming, hes out of town at a cousins wedding that Saturday.
So? Youve no objection other than the fear that people will laugh at it? said Ben. Your objection is overruled, then. Youve got to have the courage to stand by your work, Ginny. The portrait goes in.
So it went down to the exhibition hall with the other selected work and we spent the latter half of that week arranging the pictures and drawings and fixing them to the walls and screens. They were a pretty relaxed couple of days, though everyone knew that this should be the busiest time of the year for us we rather enjoyed the brief respite from the business of preparing portfolios and getting work together for interview. We made quite a few trips to the pub, brought bottles back so we could drink while we prepared the exhibition, and rather than complain at our indulgence our tutors frequently joined in. Each of us was allotted an area of space in which to hang our work, our names were there in bold lettering and each piece had to be given a title or description; it was much like a genuine exhibition, except for the fact that nothing was for sale, and we soon forgot that the open day was an unwanted intrusion and began to enjoy ourselves.
I had scribbled down titles for most of my work, and passed them on to Paula to be typed out, but there was still the portrait of Stephen left untitled.
How do I describe it? I asked Gus, as we sat and considered the painting over a bottle of beer.
How about Portrait of a Boy-fiend? he suggested. 
We were both a little merry with drink, so we laughed, but I knew that it was rather more cruel than funny. No, I dont think so, I said. Ill just call it Portrait.
Thats a bit boring, Gus thought.
But Portrait it is, I insisted, and wrote down the title and the dimensions of the canvas.
When I went upstairs to the office Paula was still rattling away at her keyboard; I placed my slip of paper with the others on the desk.
Is that it now? she asked.
Yes. All finished.
I wish I was, she said. Ive got about forty more of these to do before I can leave.
Ben was off at a meeting somewhere, Maggie and Ian were downstairs helping with the exhibition, so I sat down for a while, asked if there was anything I could do to help.
Can you type?
No.
Then you wont be much help.
How about if I read them out to you? I suggested. Would that be any use?
My own Dictaphone? Yes, it might speed things up.
I picked up the scraps of paper, which were all shapes and sizes, started to read through the titles so Paula could type them out; I had to admit there were some pretty weird titles, and I wondered how the locals would respond.
We were just about coming to the end when Ben entered, saw me and bellowed, Youre on hallowed ground, Ginny love! Sitting in my office!
I was just helping, I explained.
Helping yourself to a bit of what you fancy, eh? he laughed, with a guffaw which shook the room. Well you just carry on, Ginny, you just carry on.
He rifled through a filing cabinet or two, plucked out a few documents and sheaves of notes and then was off again.
He wont be back today, we may as well finish, said Paula, pushing her chair back from the desk.
Has he said anything about us? I asked, as she pulled on her coat.
Not an awful lot. Just told me to be careful that I didnt interfere with your future.
Thats all?
He did add that it might improve your life drawing, having a model all to yourself, said your technique needed polishing up a bit.
Always strong on sarcasm, was Ben.
*
The night before the open day I stayed over at Paulas, on the Saturday morning awoke in her bed. We both had to go into college, even though it was the weekend; at some time or other everyone would have to be there, operating a rota system so that there would always be someone on hand to talk to the visitors, to tell them how marvellous art school was, to persuade young kids to enrol and to explain what the paintings were all about. Paula would be there to talk to people about grants, to hand out enrolment forms and so on.
The affair didnt begin until ten oclock so we had the chance of a lie-in, a chance to make love in the morning, which I had come to see was the sweetest time; then we had a leisurely breakfast before walking across town to college. Saturdays were hectic days in the town centre, the streets were crowded with shoppers from early on, and though Paula and I had become more open about our relationship we avoided holding hands or embracing for the moment; there was too great a chance of me being seen by a neighbour or a relative. Neither of us liked having to behave this way, we itched to touch each other, but we recognised the need for caution and again I promised Paula that next week for certain I would tell Stephen everything; then there would no longer be any need for secrecy.
Being selfish, Ill look forward to that, said Paula, as we found time for a quick embrace just inside the college entrance.
In the exhibition hall Paula took up her place at the desk by the door and I wandered about, chat with Gus and Chrissie who were working the same shift as me an hour on and an hour off was how we'd work- while we waited for the first visitors to drift in. As the hall slowly filled we strolled among the visitors, explaining various aspects of art to them, making up excuses for those paintings which were a little difficult to justify. Quite a few old school-mates passed through, some of them regretting leaving school so early and looking for courses that might suit them. Those people that I knew I took across to look at my work, not the portrait or the crucified carcass, which might have been difficult to understand, but the drawing of Paula, which had them all stunned, the blokes and the girls alike.
Was she really like that? the blokes would ask, and I could see them almost drooling.
She was.
Werent you embarrassed? the girls wanted to know, and when I told them that I wasnt I could sense a kind of envy in their manner, as if they regarded me with a certain awe because I could look respectfully at a naked woman while all their boyfriends could do was pant and lust over dirty pictures. I could see in their eyes just how much they wished that they themselves could be seen as beautiful women, rather than simply as bodies with boobs and bums, things to be used rather than admired.
I stayed there for a little over an hour, then went for a pie and a pint with Gus and Chrissie.
Were going for lunch, I told Paula, as we passed her desk.
I dont have time for any, so dont rub it in, she said, for she had to stay there from start to finish, since she was actually being paid for her time.
Its true love, isnt it? said Gus, seeing my smile.
I shrugged; I knew it was, but I wasn't not going to admit it to him.
We had time for a couple of pints in the Commercial, stretched out our break from an hour to an hour and a half. On the way back to college we decided that we would take no more crap from the peasants of Sleepers Hill; wed all three of us done far too much grovelling, ingratiating ourselves with the public and making apologetic excuses for our work. Enough was enough and wed not take any more.
*
The three of us were arrogantly cocky as we walked back into the hall, but then my bravado wilted as I heard someone cry out, Oh, Mum! Look what shes done to me!
Stephen and his parents were standing in front of his portrait, dressed for the wedding, and I wondered why the bloody hell theyd changed their plans. I stopped beside Paulas desk, and from either side Gus and Chrissie looked at me as if they were ready to catch me, as if they expected me to pass out.
Is that who I think it is? Paula whispered to me, for of course the subject bore no resemblance at all to the portrait.
I was frozen, speechless, I tried to nod my head but was unable to.
Yes, thats Stephen, Gus told her.
And look what shes called it! Stephen screamed. Boy-fiend! Oh, Mum!
I looked at Gus and recognised the guilt written on his face, the proof that hed switched titles on me. I took a step or two towards Stephen and his folks, as they turned to see me, noted that his mother was already dripping tears of mascara onto her lovely peach wedding outfit.
You nasty vindictive little cow! Stephens father said to me, and I could see that he was all set to lay into me with both fists, or at least give me a slap across the face; luckily for me Stephens mother flung her arms around him and sobbed into his shoulder. He consoled her, and as the three of them walked across the hall I edged along one wall and then another, keeping a safe distance between us. They were just near the exit, close by Paulas desk, when someone went across to them. I didnt see who it was at first, it took me a moment before I recognised the girl; I knew her as one of the college catering students, yes, but then realised she was the very same girl who had tried to chat up Stephen in the Crofters that night, the one I was responsible for getting thrown out. I couldnt hear whats being said -I only found out later, from Gus- but there was much gesticulating, the girl and Stephen looked across at me, then she shook her head and pointed at Paula.
Stephen looked at Paula, who turned away innocently, and it was all too easy to guess what had passed, for Stephen looked as crestfallen as a bride ditched at the altar.
When they had gone, and that cow of a catering student, I went across to Paula.
Ive been fingered, shopped, cited as the other woman, she said, looking from Gus to Chrissie to me. There was a slight humour in her voice, a look of startled amusement intended to make me feel better.
Jesus Christ, I said, in too much of a state of shock to smile back.
Well, at least hes found out now, Paula sighed.
It had to happen, Chrissie nodded.
I looked around the hall. All the people who witnessed the scene had now returned to the work on show, most of them paying especial attention to the portrait of Stephen.
Im going, I said.
Where? asked Paula.
Out. Anywhere.
With Stephens father out there somewhere? Do you think thats safe, Ginny?
Im going, I said again, thinking that I had a better chance of evading him outdoors than in the narrow confines of the exhibition hall.
Go with her, Paula said to Gus, as I started to walk towards the door.
Yes, go with her, said Chrissie. I can manage on my own until the next shift comes.
*
I wanted to get drunk, rotten rolling drunk, but felt too sick in the stomach to take much. Gus and I sat in the Commercial for a while, wandered around town, in the park and by the parish church, returned to the pub about five oclock and found Paula and Chrissie waiting there.
Well wasnt that a to-do? said Chrissie. I bet theres never been an open day like that.
Not in the five years Ive been there, said Paula. Look on the bright side, Ginny. At least Stephen knows about us now.
But I should have told him, I said, rather more shocked than stricken with remorse. He should have heard about it from me.
Youd never have said anything to him, Gus believed. Youd only have kept putting it off.
No I wouldnt. I was going to tell him next week.
Like you were going to tell him last week?
I was going to tell him last week. I would have told him if it hadnt been for that bloody bitch in the pub. Ill swing for the cow, I swear it.
She did you a favour, really, said Gus.
Like you did me a favour, I suppose, by swapping those titles? The painting was supposed to be called Portrait, nothing more. I told you.
My title was better.
Did you know what hed done? I asked Paula. Were you in on the joke as well?
I didnt know a thing about it, I swear. I didnt take any notice of what the titles were, not with so many to do.
Come on, forget about it, Gus urged. Theres nothing you can do about it now except have another pint.
Gus bought another round of drinks, and as miserable as I was I was beginning to see the funny side of things by the time I reached the bottom of the glass.
Did you see his old mans face, though? I said.
Livid, Chrissie remembered.
I hope I dont meet up with him tonight. Hell likely murder me.
Youll end up looking like one of your bloody crucifixions, said Paula. I think youll be safer staying at my place tonight.
And for the rest of the weekend, I added.
Gus imagined what the wedding of Stephens cousin might be like, more of a wake, with his mother still in tears and his father quaking with rage. Slowly I cheered up, we drank a little more and laughed a little more and I managed to convince myself that everything was for the best.
Youre not sorry? Paula asked me.
About what happened? I said, and shook my head. I just wish it hadnt come about the way it did. No good can come of it, all these people upset.


Chapter Twelve

I didnt stay at Paulas flat for quite the whole weekend, but went home early on Sunday evening. Although there was no posse waiting for me I could tell by the faces of Gran and my mother that Stephen had been there and told them everything. My mother was pathetically glum, gazing vacantly at the fire, and Gran had a face like thunder, her knitting needles were clacking together and working up a storm. I said a quick hello and took off my coat, went to the bathroom for a pee and then to the kitchen to put the kettle on, doing anything to postpone the inevitable confrontation. It was no use, though, I knew that, so eventually I sat down with them in the living room.
Just what the hell do you think youve been up to, girl? Gran finally demanded.
How do you mean?
Stephen was round here this morning.
I saw him yesterday, I said. He was on his way to his cousins wedding.
His parents were here, too.
What did they want?
What do you think? You shamed them! You belittled their son! How could you treat the poor boy like that?
My mother was silent, she could almost be asleep, but I knew that she was taking everything in.
Alright, so weve finally split up, I said. No one promised that it would last forever.
But did you have to shame him like that in the process? Hes told us all about the painting.
It was a joke, I said, and tried to explain about Gus unfortunate prank.
He didnt think it was! And neither did his parents!
The joke was supposed to be on me.
Stephen was the one hurt by it.
Well Im sorry, I meant to tell him, Id tried before.
Tell him what? That you were going to make a fool of him in public? And with a painting that hed told everyone was so wonderful?
It is, its a good painting.
Its a monstrosity!
You havent seen it.
Ive heard enough about it to know.
Yes. And a fat lot you know about painting anyway.
In exasperation I looked to the ceiling, to the floor, and my mother said softly, Ginny, what about this woman?
Paula.
Stephen tells us shes the college secretary.
Thats right.
And the woman you draw naked?
Yes, the life model.
She was tearful as she asked me, What are you doing getting involved with a woman like that?
She talked as if Paula was a tart. Im not involved, I said. Im in love.
But shes a woman. Shes older than you.
By a couple of years, yes.
And she has a flat?
Which was made to sound like a brothel, the way my mother spoke of it.
Yes, I said, with as much patience as I could muster. She has a flat.
Ginny, dont you see what youre doing to us?
Im not doing anything to you. Im just doing something for myself, thats all.
Always for yourself, never a thought for anyone else, said Gran. I suppose thats where youve been all weekend, with her?
I ignored the old woman, said to my mother, We would never have stayed together in any case, Stephen and me, not when I went off to college. It had to happen sooner or later.
But this way, with a slap in the face?
I didnt-
Just look what youre doing to your poor mother, said Gran, for now my mother had started to weep.
What would your father have thought? she cried.
Hed have thrown the little reprobate out on her ear, Gran was sure.
This was the two of them at their blackmailing best and for the first time in their company I swore oh, fuck it!- and stormed from the living room even while Gran was shouting after me and demanding that I apologise.
Apologise? For what? I had done nothing to be sorry for and all I could do was go to bed, go to sleep, go to college in the morning and back to Paula.
*
It was terrible, I told Paula, when we got a chance to talk; it was lunchtime by then and Id needed to speak to her all morning, had needed her comfort all the previous night and wanted her near to tell me that everything would be alright.
We spent the lunch break in the studio, Paula with her arms draped around me and her head resting on my shoulder.
The funny bits over with now, isnt it? she said.
For the moment, I agreed. Therell be no fun for me for a while, not with those two old bags going on at me all the hours God sends. Therell be days and days of arguments, then weeks of their silent accusing glances.
Poor Ginny, said Paula. How will you cope?
Im not sure that I will, I had to admit, in all honesty.
I know a way you could.
How? I asked, lifting Paulas head from my shoulder and searching her eyes for an answer; there was that gleam of a smile in them, that twinkle I often saw when Paula had an answer that I myself had overlooked.
Well, if things get too much-
They already have, I told her.
-then you could come and stay with me, she invited, and I looked at her uncertainly, once again slow to grasp what she was suggesting. She gripped my hand, made the proposal more concrete, said, Come and stay with me, Ginny.
I could?
For two days, three days, every day of the week. Whats the difference? Wouldnt you like to?
Would you really want me to? I countered.
Id never make the offer if I didnt. So? What about it? Do you want sanity and love with me, or would you prefer two tired old women and an ex-boyfriends bitter parents hounding you all the time?
There seemed to be little choice, but it was still not a decision to be taken rashly. You wouldnt think me ungrateful if I asked for time to think about it? I said.
Of course not, I wouldnt expect you to rush into anything. Paula glanced at her watch. Look, I need to do some errands before I get back to work. You think it over and Ill see you tonight.
I left the studio with her, we parted company on the ground floor and I went on down to the basement canteen.
I was the one who had caused a controversy, most everyone in the canteen was aware to some extent of what had happened on Saturday. I sat with Gus and the others, suffered their jibes for a while before they settled down to treat the matter with a little less amusement. It was talking with them which persuaded me, when I considered the vendetta which would be waged against me at home and accepted that I wouldnt be given a moments peace, when peace was what I most needed; it was talking with my friends which convinced me that I would be foolish not to make the break with home and family, foolish not to take Paula up on her offer. I didnt need any more time to consider, but went to meet Paula as she returned from her errands, was waiting for her on the college steps.
Do they have a word for it, what were going to do? I asked her.
I believe its called cohabitation, Paula smiled. When do we start? Today? Can you pick your things up tonight?
Not tonight, not while those two harridans are in the house, I said. Id rather it wasnt then, thered only be a scene.
So when? When will the house be empty?
Therell be no one home this afternoon, I knew. Gran will be at the old folks club and my mother will be out shopping.
Well get your stuff now, then, Paula said. Im owed an afternoon off after working all day Saturday.
She checked with Ben, we collected her car from the flat and drove over to my house; when Paula parked the car outside the front door I asked her if shed wait there.
She nodded, said yes, could perhaps guess why I would prefer her not to go into that dreary house. I smiled my thanks, then let myself in. The place was empty and quiet, just as Id supposed it would be, and I ran upstairs to get my things. There wasnt much, just a suitcase full of clothes, a box of records and a few sketchbooks; I only needed to make two trips to the car and I had emptied the house of the past eighteen years of my life.
Is that it? Paula asked.
Its all I need, I said, and we drove off without me even giving a backward glance; I was glad to be away from the place, it was my first step into the future.
*
It took less than an hour to move my things into Paulas flat. She had arranged to take the whole afternoon off and so we had it to ourselves, there was no need to go back to college. We hung my clothes in the wardrobe, stacked my records next to Paulas and put my sketchbooks on a shelf beneath the tiers of books. By mid-afternoon I was settled into my new home.
We ought to celebrate, said Paula.
How?
Fish and chips first, with lots of vinegar, and then well wander around town and have a drink or two. We can act like a couple now, she said happily, and were going to enjoy every minute of it.
Paula got out of her secretary clothes, put on jeans and let down her hair. Because there was a chance that we might have more than a drink or two the car was left at the flat, we walked, and Paulas arm curled around my waist so tightly, my arm draped her shoulders so fondly; there was no longer any reason to be secretive about our feelings. We bought fish and chips and ate them from the paper as we walked through the park, our fingertips stinging with salt and vinegar which we licked from each others hands, threw a few scraps to the ducks but they werent interested, promised to bring them some bread next time. In the park there was a large bronze statue, some long-dead local philanthropist seated on a chair, covered by a dull grey-green oxide and tarnished by the elements; only the toe of the extended right foot was free from rust, polished and shiny where children had rubbed and then made a wish. I had done it as a kid and did it again now, Paula too, not minding that people might see us, laughing and keeping our wishes secret so that they might come true.
You do think youve done the right thing, dont you? Paula asked me later, when we stopped for a drink; her fingers were twined around mine, she was almost brushing her lips against my mouth as she spoke, our faces were that close.
Across the room, against the bar, I could see my two old school-friends, Tina and Diane, looking in our direction; I nodded an acknowledgement to them, but nothing more, knowing that they would want explanations and preferring to have them speculate.
Why? Do you think I might not have? I smiled at Paula.
No, Im sure you have. Youre going to blossom now, flourish, burst forth every day.
Do you mean as an artist, or orgasmically?
Either. Both. Each at the same time if you like.
As we laughed, heads together, I could see Tina and Diane still staring hard, as though they would give anything to be in my place, and I told myself that electing to move in with Paula was the most responsible decision I had ever made, even though my family might regard it as the most sinful thing I had ever done.
*
The two of us quickly settled down to life with each other, Paula was right when she said that seven days spent together would be no different to one. We were both in college during the day, and in the evenings we sometimes went out but more often than not stayed home. The only difference now was that home had become a place I enjoyed being, a place where I felt comfortable and content. It seemed shameful to say this, I didnt want to dismiss the eighteen years of love and care which my family had devoted to me, but it had to be accepted that I would have left them sooner or later; I was sorry that Gran and mother arent happy about the way it had happened, that it had not come about in the way they expected, but there was no way I regretted my decision.
It was a couple of days before it occurred to me to wonder if they knew where I was. They probably did. I was sure theyd have guessed.
You mean you didnt leave them a note? said Paula.
No, I didnt, I confessed guiltily. I just wanted to get away from there as quickly as possible.
Then I really think you ought to go and see them, tell them where you are.
Theyll have guessed.
All the same, they deserve to be told by you rather than someone else. You owe them that much, at least.
*
I went on Sunday, none too happily, and got there just after ten oclock mass had finished, when I knew there would be people home. I let myself in and found my mother and Gran sitting down to breakfast; when they looked up their faces were so grave that they might have been carved out of stone.
I stood there before them, nervously jiggling my door-key in my hand.
Where have you been all week? my mother asked.
You dont know?
You didnt leave word where you were going.
But-? I prompted.
We can guess, she said, sadly nodding her head. You moved your things out, so you must have gone to her.
Her name is Paula.
Thats not what we call her, Gran butted in nastily. So youre shacking up with that woman?
Ive moved into her flat.
Then may God forgive you.
He probably respects my openness and honesty, I said.
Honesty? Ha!
Im more honest than all those hypocrites youve been knelt next to this morning.
If you ever have the nerve to join them in church again the roof will fall in on you.
My conscience is clear, I told Gran.
Conscience? she scoffed. You dont have one! Your soul is as black as pitch!
As usual it was me and Gran at each other hammer and tongues, with my mother mostly silent.
I shrugged. You just dont understand.
No, girl, I dont, Gran said, and I could sense the sadness behind the anger. We brought you up well, your Mum and Dad and me, and we were proud of you. You were a good child, you did well at school, you had all the chances-
The chances Dad never had? It was always a case, in Sleepers Hill, of a child doing better than its parents. Yes, I know, and Im sorry you dont like the way things have turned out, but Im not sorry that Ive changed. I wish Id never been born a Catholic, I said, regretting what Gran would see as the greatest advantage of all, I wish Id never been born a Catholic because it seems like I wasted the first sixteen years of my life being a bigot.
Dont you dare speak like that in this house!
Why not? I asked. Is it yours?
Its my home.
But its my mothers house. It used to be my fathers, now its hers, but its never been yours. You just live here. It was cruel of me, I knew, but Gran herself was cruel, talking about Paula as if she was a tart, talking about me as if I was scum, and I wasn't going to take it any more, I was angry, I no longer loved my family and didnt think I had done since the day my father died. Youre just the lodger, I said, turning even nastier. Youre no better than a family pet. Youre just here so you can be looked after until you die, until youre old enough and sick enough to be put down.
The argument was between me and Gran, as it always was, but this time there was no joy in winning, for the very first time an argument reduced the old lady to tears. Mother, too, was crying. I went towards her, realising that I hadnt put an arm around her since my fathers funeral, but now, when I tried to, my mother held out a hand to tell me to stop.
Keep away, she said. Just give me that door-key.
I looked at the key, which I still had in my hand; its imprint was on my palm, where I'd clenched it in my anger. Why? I asked.
Because I dont want to see you back in this house until youve left that woman.
Then youll have a bloody long wait! I shouted, and flung the key onto the table.
As soon as I left the house a depression fell. I spent the afternoon walking the streets of my childhood, found myself crossing the dry dusty recreation fields, walking by the canal which cut through the terraces in ever decreasing steps, dropping from one lock to another. Scraps of land beside it sprouted a scrub-like grass here and there, every so often there was the bricked-up ventilation shaft of a disused mine, and this landscape of my childhood was not the stuff of which dreams could be made, the water in the canal was scummy and filthy and the terraces crowded in on all sides. Looking around me, it was little wonder that the thing I craved above all else was freedom.
*
Paula lifted my depression gently, little by little, when I arrived back at the flat it was plain that mine had not been a happy day. I had spent so much of the afternoon outdoors, walking and thinking, that I was almost blue with cold, so Paula sat me on the settee before the fire and ran a hot bath for me, then shepherded me through to the bathroom. I was too tired and depressed to protest when Paula stood there to watch me undress, then helped to scrub me and bring some life back to my body; I was as depressed as I had ever been but Paula didnt ask why, just soaped me down and washed my hair and towelled me dry. Then she wrapped me in a bathrobe, we went back to the living room and drank soup from mugs -my mother would always serve it in cereal bowls, I told her- had a glass of whisky each and curled up side by side on the settee.
Poor dear, Paula finally said, and I felt like weeping in her arms. It wasnt very nice, then?
You can say that again.
It wasnt very nice, then? she said again, and I did my best to return her slight smile.
They dont want me back there, I told Paula, and went through the details of what had happened.
Are you sorry? she asked.
Im sorry they reacted like that, I said, but knew what Paula meant. Im not sorry Ive done what Ive done, though. They just dont understand, but I know that its right, moving in with you.
Good.
But why are people like this, Paula, especially the people in this miserable town? Why are they so nasty, why are they such bigots?
Tradition, habit, its the way theyve been brought up and its all they know. Dont hate them, Ginny, just pity them. Be grateful that none of it has rubbed off on you and remember that youll be getting away this summer.
Yes, I need to get away. But thatll mean leaving you, though. Can I do that?
Can you?
I dont know. What do I do?
Well, Paula said, if you dont want to leave me, but you cant stay in this town, then perhaps I might leave with you. Or maybe you might find a college nearby, close enough to come back each weekend. If you learned to drive you could borrow the car.
But would you come with me, if I moved further away?
Its not an impossibility, she smiled. I could easily get a job, wherever you went. She kissed me, her touch reassuring, then said cheerily, But thats not going to be for a while yet. Think of all the months weve got ahead, together in this flat. Forget about what were going to do until nearer the time. Six months from now who knows how we might feel about each other.
You think we might feel differently?
I think we should never take anything for granted, because that might be the death of us. Ive always known that youd move on this summer, but Ive not let myself fret over whats going to happen to us. Theres nothing we can do but take the days one at a time, as they come. She saw my worried look and laughed, said, Dont be so fretful! You might have had a miserable day but I love you and I can make it better.
And she did, by the time I reached college the next morning I was feeling more optimistic about the future. Dangerously optimistic, it proved. My buoyant mood was soon dipping again.


Chapter Thirteen

Just as I was telling Gus and Jeff about being disowned by my family -and receiving their congratulations on what they believed to be a considerable stroke of luck- Paula popped her head around the door of the studio to let me know that Ben wanted to see me.
Whats it about? I asked, as I walked along to the office with her.
Paula shrugged. I know as much as you. He just told me to get my girlfriend along to the office snappy. I think its alright, though, he seems to be in a good mood.
I passed through Paulas office and into Bens inner sanctum. He was behind his desk and looking as uncomfortable as ever, never quite at ease unless he was in the studio with a brush or pencil in his hand.
Sit down, Ginny, he said, and despite what Paula had told me of his mood he sounded portentously officious. I sat facing him, wondering what was going on. He looked at a letter he held in his hand, waved it at me and said, Ive received a complaint.
About me? I asked.
This is it, the letter, with copies sent to the local rag, the governors of the college and any other narrow-minded pillocks who might care to take notice.
Is it about me? I asked again.
Yes, indirectly, or why else would you be sitting there? Indirectly, its about you; more particularly its about that portrait you put in the exhibition for open day.
The portrait of Stephen? And the letters from his father? I guessed.
Right.
Well I didnt put the portrait in the exhibition, did I? You did, against my better judgement, I reminded Ben. I had a nasty feeling about that picture all along, I told you not to include it but you wouldnt listen, so if anyones to blame for the upset its you.
Whoever, whatever, Im not blaming you so you can shut up. He regarded the letter again. This man is complaining about the type of work we encourage here, he calls it permissive, and a few other long words he cant spell correctly. All in all the letter is a very nasty piece of business.
Like I said, you cant blame me.
And like I said, Im not.
You just wouldnt listen.
And youre not bloody well listening! he said, thumping his fist on the desk. Ive not brought you here to take the blame for anything, youre not here to be hauled over the coals. He smiled, then, disconcertingly. In fact, Ginny, youre here to be congratulated.
I didnt quite follow. Congratulated? For what?
For the notoriety youre about to achieve, Ben said. For the attention youve attracted.
Attention? Oh yes, theres that alright, I laughed. Therell certainly be plenty of attention when that letters printed in this weeks Chronicle.
But dont you realise, you little tit, that theres nothing better for the arts than a bit of controversy? Think of any great artist and at some time hes been troubled by controversy. Ben was beaming with delight, rubbing his hands with glee. And you can sod the Sleeper's Hill Chronicle, too. Well let this slip to the dailies. I can just see the headlines: community divided over painting, art school has town in uproar, Sleepers Hill shaken awake by controversial portrait. Dont worry, Ginny, youll get all the credit, but this is going to do us all a world of good.
Id rather I didnt get any credit at all, Ben, I said.
Why not? Get your name in the papers and every art school in the country is going to recognise it as soon as your application for a place drops through their letter box. Youll be going along for interview with a reputation, youll be known. Making yourself known is half the battle when youre applying for a place on a degree course. Youve got to make an impression so youre sure youre remembered.
No, Ben, Id rather it didnt happen like that, I said. That portrait has caused enough trouble already.
Dont be silly, well all benefit when your photographs slapped across the front pages. Now, he said, taking me by the chin and turning my head, which is your best side?
The man just wouldnt listen. I told him one last time to forget the idea, then left. In the outer office Paula gave me an anxious look, having heard Bens voice raised and wanting to know what it was all about.
I told her later, after college.
Hes right, you know, she said. With publicity like that you cant lose.
I know hes right, and I know I cant lose, but Id rather not win in the way hes suggesting. Id prefer to get onto a degree course because my work is good, not because Ive had my name in the paper.
But your work is good.
I know it is.
So why not help things along by taking a reputation with you, as well as some competent paintings?
Theyre more than competent.
Yes, of course, so therell be no cause for guilt when youre accepted, youll know that you got there on the merit of your work.
No. I would have got there because of the publicity, I argued obstinately.
And doesnt an artist need publicising, doesnt he need promoting? Why else do they have agents? Paula reasoned.
Yes, an artist needs promoting. An artist also needs integrity. The sort of promotion youre talking about is cheap.
Ginny, love, Ive been at the art school for five years now. Ive seen good students fail and poor students succeed. We all accept that if your work is good then you should get a place on a degree course, but it doesnt always work out like that. Theres luck involved, too. Therell be off-days for the people who interview you, idiosyncrasies in their characters, downright eccentricities. Every advantage that comes your way you need to make use of.
No, I said firmly, and thats an end to it.
*
No more was said about the matter of promoting my name, Paula made no further mention of it and life went on. The morning after Ben had broached the subject I saw him in the studio and he said nothing about his publicity drive, so I assumed that he had dismissed the idea of involving the national press. I went back to work without fuss or interruption, my painting and drawing progressed well because my life was once again becoming settled. The only hiccough came on Thursday, when I saw the weekly edition of the Chronicle; the letter from Stephens father was printed inside hes won a fiver for it, for Letter of the Week- and the story was expanded on the front page. When I went down to lunch in the canteen I got quite a few looks from people who had seen the article.
Fame so soon, Gus grinned. You must live a blessed life, Ginny.
Its more damned than blessed at times, I grumbled.
But just look at all the good its going to do you. If you ask me, Ben has pulled off a master stroke here.
It had nothing to do with Ben, I told him. It was Stephens old man who sent the letter to the paper.
That may well be, but its Ben whos letting the story spread a little wider.
What are you talking about? I asked.
Hes passed the story onto the dailies, the tabloids, thats what Im talking about. I heard him on the phone, when I went to the office earlier.
And if Gus had heard, then so had Paula. Why hadnt she stopped him? She knew how I felt about the idea. I was so furious I didnt know which way to turn, whether to Ben, to Paula, or even to Stephens father; someone was to blame, it seemed that people were messing me about so much and I wanted to hit back at them. Across the canteen I could see a trio of catering students looking my way and in the centre of the three was one who was grinning more wickedly than the rest, laughing over that weeks edition of the Chronicle. It was the same girl whod tried to chat up Stephen, the one who had told him about Paula.
She was of a bigger build than me, and I had never been much of a fighter, but I was so pissed off with the way things were going that I walked over to the girl. She grinned at me, then at her mates, and I didnt bother wasting any words but set about her with both hands, slapping her about the head, then picked up a tubular steel chair and clobbered her with that. The girl was flat on her back and her nose pumping blood before her two pals could jump up to help, laying into me with punches and kicks, and then it was like a bar-room brawl with Gus and Jeff joining in. I was bleeding and broken by the time I was dragged away but I had the satisfaction of seeing the other girl still on the floor, in an even worse state.
*
I must have looked a sight when I got back to the flat that night. I had been to hospital to have a cut treated over my eye and an X-ray to make sure nothing was broken, but just how bad I looked I could only guess, I hadnt had the courage to look at myself in a mirror.
Paula hadnt heard of what had happened, she reached out towards me but wasnt sure if it was safe to touch. What on earth-?
I had a fight, I said, slumping onto the settee.
Who with?
That cow of a catering student, the one who pointed you out to Stephen. She got what she deserves.
And you? said Paula, sitting beside me, her eyes running over every inch of my beaten face.
I dont know, I said. Perhaps I got what I deserve, too.
As gently as Paula touched me, she still made me wince; my bottom lip was puffed out, I knew that at least one eye was black and there was a swelling above it that was held together by some dirty red sutures. My ribs hurt, too, and it was difficult to find a place where Paula could touch me.
Why didnt you tell me what Ben was up to? I asked Paula. Why didnt you do something to stop him?
What could I have done? Im his secretary, hes my boss, he gives the orders. Anyway, I thought it would all be for the best.
I tried to laugh. For the best? To leave me like this?
Now be honest, Ginny, thats more your fault than anyone elses.
I looked at Paula and I knew shes right, I only had myself to blame; the smile I tried to give became another wince. Paula laughed in a soft sympathetic way, as if I deserved to be scolded but she couldnt bring herself to do it.
Are you hungry? she asked.
Famished, I answered, remembering that my last meal, some hours before, had been strewn across the canteen floor. I dont know that I can open my mouth wide enough to get anything in, though.
Some chicken soup, then? If you have trouble with it you can always suck it through a straw.
I followed Paula through to the kitchen, where she set a pan on the cooker. Youre not exactly showering me with sympathy, are you? I can still detect the smirk on your face.
Well, it is a bit of a mess to get into, Paula said, and turned to give me the gentlest of pecks on my swollen lips. Sorry, she said. And sorry I couldnt do anything about Ben.
It doesnt matter, its done with now, I told her. Anyhow, nothing might come of it. What interest is our poxy little college to a national newspaper?
*
The following morning I felt like death, every part of me hurt, as if each muscle and limb had its own hangover, but I went into college all the same.
Before I could reach the studio, however, to be subjected to the taunts and jibes of my colleagues, I was once more summoned to Bens office. Paula gave me a sorry smile, to ease my aches, as I entered. Ben is not behind his desk this time, but standing to one side; in his place was a rather pompous looking man, by his dress and demeanour I could see how importantly he regarded himself, and I guessed immediately that I was not there to discuss the further promotion of my publicity campaign.
Ben introduced the man as the college principal, then proceeded to give a little homily, looking at me but addressing the visitor, talking about the work I had done so far in college and emphasising the promise I showed for the future. It was quite a flattering speech, he was much more complementary than he had ever been in the studio, and I might have been tempted to blush if it hadnt been for the grave sobriety with which I was regarded. I had never seen the principal before, he was more concerned with the college proper, the new building by the park where the more sensible courses were housed. Art students were certainly alien creatures to him and he regarded me more as a waster and a scoundrel than the honest student I was. What it all boiled down to was that, despite Bens great oratory, I was to be expelled or sent down or whatever it was they did in a poxy little place like Sleepers Hill Mining and Technical College; he would not accept the kind of violence I had exhibited and said that there is no place for me in his tacky little institution.
And what about the bitch of a catering student who had been the cause of it all? I didnt even bother to ask, but turned on my heels and left.
Ben followed, nodded to Paula, who already had her coat on, said, Take the day off and go with her.
And I, it seemed, was to take the next term and a half off.
We went directly downstairs, I didnt even bother going to the studio to collect my things, and as we stepped through the main door I saw on the pavement, at the foot of the steps, a small crowd of half a dozen people or so.
What are they waiting for? I asked Paula, and in that same instant we both noticed the cameras and notebooks.
Reporters, Paula said, and we dodged back inside the building.
Bloody hell, Ben and his publicity, I cursed. Thats all I need. Come on, well nip out the back way.
No, Paula said, you sneak out the back and Ill go down to them. Theyre probably quizzing everyone that comes and goes. Ill keep them occupied for a few minutes, then meet you back at the flat.
Through the partly opened door I watched Paula go down the steps. Sure enough, she was stopped. I watched her respond to a question or two, then went out of the college by the rear exit. I cut down side streets and alleyways, made my way to the flat, but as I rounded the corner I saw another small crowd on the doorstep, more reporters.
I turned back and walked through the park, hid in pubs, killed some time in the quieter parts of town. In the pubs I went to I must have looked like a thug, my face bruised and bloody, and I could see that people really werent too keen to serve me so I just had the one drink in each and then moved on, slowly getting closer to home, that home I had grown up in rather than the new one I had found. I drank with old friends -they might have been Tina and Diane, I didnt remember, their faces blurred as the night wore on- was invited to the Labour Club for a drink but turned that offer down, since there was a good chance that Stephens father might be there. The condition I was in I just couldnt take another beating; it might have scarred me for life.
Being so close to home I decided to call there, to show a little consideration by telling the family of all that had happened and preparing them for the worst. It was a cold night, there was a frost on the pavement and the chill bit through my cuts and bruises; I ran as best I can, my sore ribs thumping, got to the door with teeth chattering and fingers fumbling for a key. But I no longer had a key, I remembered, I had surrendered it when I was disowned, so I knocked on the door. There was no answer. I tried again, and then again. There had to be someone in at that time of night, neither Gran nor my mother slept so soundly that they wouldnt have heard me. I knock once more, then opened the letter box to shout through. There was a strange smell, the same smell there was when Gran switched on the grill but forgot to light the gas. I began to knock harder, frantically pounding on the door, and the noise brought out a neighbour. He, too, could smell gas. Together we threw ourselves at the door, then started smashing windows while yet another neighbour runs back indoors to call the emergency services.


Chapter Fourteen

The media had much more than they could ever have bargained for, more than Bens calls to them could have promised. Following the painting which had brought them a minor controversy which might have passed unnoticed if there had been anything more newsworthy to report- there had been a fight which brought about the expulsion of the artist and a gas leak which had led to the deaths of two of her family. When these simple facts were juggled about there were any number of permutations open; the gas leak might have been accidental or it might not have, the deaths might have been brought about by some sense of shame in the antics of a wayward daughter, the fight could have been occasioned by her guilt at deserting her family for some sordid love affair, it could be that she was being punished for wanting something other than an ordinary life. 
Paula was mentioned in the reports, Stephen as well, they were all tainted by the stories. As if it wasnt enough that Gran and my mother were dead and I had been thrown out of college! Reporters called at the house and I chased them away; police called with a gas engineer and it was confirmed that the leak had been accidental, a faulty boiler; neighbours and relations came around and I had to suffer their condolences. I wasn't not sure what to do, I couldnt recall my fathers death clearly enough to remember how we went about burying him, so for once I was grateful to Uncle Jack when he came around to take over and attend to the necessary details, to the undertaker and the priest, to the insurance policies and such things.
It was your fathers house, then your mothers. Now it passes on to you, he told me, as we sat in the living room, in the very chairs where Gran and my mother had died. What will you do with it? Sell it?
I dont know. Perhaps.
Youre still going away to college? he asked.
I dont know yet.
He nodded. Its hard to think straight under the circumstances.
We were silent for a moment, then he said, Your mother told me youd already left home.
Sort of.
To live with a woman, of all people.
Yes.
You hurt her, you know, he told me needlessly.
I never meant to.
No, Im sure you didnt. She was a good woman, your mother. I was always telling your father hed found a jewel in her.
Yes.
The old woman could be a bit of a battle-axe at times, he remembered fondly. But still, its a shame to see her go.
Yes.
Perhaps my reluctance to talk began to unnerve him, for eventually he got up and pulled on his coat. Well, he said. Are you coming, Ginny?
Where?
You dont want to stay here on your own, surely? I thought you could come and stay with us for a few days, until after the funeral at least.
Its kind of you to offer, I said, my thanks sincere. But no, Ill stay here.
Theres no gas, though.
I dont need any.
Youll need to eat.
Ill go to the chip shop.
My uncle looked at me for a moment, and there was a trace of concern which I had never noticed before; or perhaps he was offended that Id refused his offer.
Finally he said, Very well then, if youre sure.
Im sure, I told him.
Okay. Ill call back tomorrow to see everythings fine.
When he was gone I had the evening to myself, there were no more callers, and I gave an awkward chuckle when it occurred to me that the house was as quiet as the grave. There was no drink in the house other than what was left over from Christmas, so I had a few glasses of sherry and then went up to my room. I found the bed unmade. There were no sheets or blankets, no pillows. The room was almost bare, in fact, the posters had been taken down from the walls and all my things packed into cardboard boxes. Even as I felt a tear fall I had to curse aloud. Those women had really wanted me out of the house, hadnt they? My mother had really wanted to erase her own daughter from her memory.
*
I was asleep in the chair in the living room when there was a knock on the door the following morning. I swore because I didnt want to wake up, rubbed the sleep from my eyes as I went to the door and saw Father Macdermot, the parish priest.
He came in uninvited, went directly through to the living room.
A tragedy, he said gravely, when I joined him.
It is, I agreed.
Two such blessed women, he sighed, his head bowed. He was getting on in years, in any other line of business he would have been retired long ago, and his voice kept breaking as he spoke. The comfort is that God takes those he loves.
It seemed a trite comment to make, but again I agreed. Yes.
They have gone to a better place.
On this score I would willingly concur. Better than Sleepers Hill, you mean? Yes, isnt anywhere better than this miserable place?
He sensed an anger in my voice, looked up, a frown creasing his brow. Virginia?
I hate the place, I told him.
Youre understandably distraught, youre troubled by grief, he said. And though this isnt the time to mention it, I have to admit that Im worried by the change which has come over you.
You? I was surprised that he could have noticed any change in me, for he hadnt seen me since my fathers funeral. You think Ive changed?
I know youve changed. Oh yes, he said. Ive been aware of it, your mother has confessed everything to me.
How do you mean, confessed everything?
If you like, lets say that she confessed your sins.
No, I bloody well dont like! I said, finding the idea quite repulsive. Sarcastically I asked, And do I get absolution by proxy as well?
You know I cant give absolution without your own act of contrition.
Well in no way am I contrite about anything thats happened.
Not even the death of your own mother?
I didnt kill her.
But you made her suffer. Every Thursday night in confession she poured out her worries to me, all concerning you, from that very day you stopped attending mass to your final sin of living with that woman.
I seethed with anger but had to contain it, there were still some vestiges of that faith I once had and a respect for the cloth prevented me from speaking my mind to the priest.
Will you join me in a prayer, Virginia, for their souls and for yours? he asked, but I stood there silent, steadfast; he went from the room, putting on the black beret he always wore. Ill pray for you, he told me. The requiem is at eleven on Thursday.
*
The arrangements for the funeral had been made by my uncle, and I couldnt say that I liked them. I couldnt argue with the requiem mass, it was what Gran and my mother would have wanted, but to have their bodies brought to the house the afternoon before and have them lie overnight sent a shiver through my soul. The tradition of having a buffet after the service was also something which I found repugnant, but this was what Uncle Jack had arranged, and in a private room at the Bellingham no less, a choice which I found ironic. Dont worry about the cost, he told me, he would cover this until the insurance policies were settled, but it was not the expense which I objected to, but the sheer ghoulishness of the affair.
The bodies were brought home, though, whether I liked it or not, and laid out in the front room which had been especially prepared by Doreen. The curtains were drawn shut, of course, and there were plenty of flowers, swathes of white linen and lace and two candles burning in front of a picture of the Sacred Heart. The coffins took up much of the room, and even with the lids on they frightened me. It was not a pleasant feeling, and certainly not one to which I was accustomed, sharing a house with the dead. I got little sleep that night, never once stirred from the living room where I kept the lights burning and the fire roaring. It was not the moment of my own death, but nonetheless whole portions of my life passed before me that night, episodes from the eighteen years I had spent in that house; I had thought that it was an unhappy life, thought this was why I wanted to get away, but I saw that there had been many happy times and the memory of them brought a few smiles.
But no tears, I noted. I didnt regret the passing of the happy times, nor even the passing of Gran and my mother; time passes, there was no escaping the fact, and so do people. Why mourn? It was all very well to remember the past, but even more important to look forward to the future.
*
Uncle Jack is the first to arrive on the morning of the funeral, closely followed by Doreen. She fussed about me, said it was a pity I couldnt have found time to visit a hairdresser, and she unearthed a dark skirt which I hadnt worn for years, insisted that I should wear it along with my black Marks and Sparks overcoat. I couldnt protest, I even agreed to wear a frothy white blouse that Doreen had bought just for the occasion. For a moment my aunt was pleased with the way I looked, with the transformation for which she took the credit, but then she remarked that it was a pity my mother couldnt see me looking so smart, remembered why we were there in our best bib and tucker and started to cry.
Many more tears followed, predictably, it seemed that every other person who arrived during the next forty-five minutes was crying. The mourners covered generations and there were many I hadnt seen since the last funeral; some remarked on how Id grown, others stared in embarrassment at the spiky blonde hair which they were seeing for the first time.
At ten thirty the undertaker and his crew arrived. Uncle Jack did all the talking, they went through to the front room, then he came back to tell the assembled mourners that they could view the bodies if they liked.
They took off the lids! Id forgotten about that!
Ginny should go first, my uncle said. Ginny?
And see Gran and my mother with their accusing glances, critical of me even in death? A little guiltily I shook my head. A few people frowned and muttered, some nodded as if they understood, most filed through to pay their last respects.
Are you sure you dont want to? Uncle Jack asked me, when everyone else had seen the bodies.
Im sure.
The undertaker shrugged and went to replace the lids. A few minutes later we followed the coffins out to the cars. There were people standing at every door along the street, clutching handkerchiefs and tea towels to their tearful faces, and I felt awkward at being the centre of attention. Their pity came at me in waves.
Everyone agreed that it was a beautiful service, once we were at the Bellingham and tucking into sausage rolls and ham sandwiches. I could see no beauty in it, though. The church was cold, the incense had a fragrance of must rather than mystery and the priests platitudes were ones I had heard before. The only thing that surprised me was when the priest asked the congregation to pray for me as well as for the deceased; he gave me a cold hard glance when he said this, as if any prayers should be offered to Saint Jude, the patron saint of my hopeless case. There was the surprise, then, but no beauty.
There was no beauty when we moved on to the cemetery, either, which was perched on a hill a mile or two outside town. It was a bleak desolate place and the town seemed to creep up on all sides, as if the living were so tired of their existence on Sleepers Hill that they were eager to sidle in beside the dead. There were more platitudes from the priest, the altar boys looked appropriately solemn, all of the mourners shivered and some wept.
At a distance I saw Ben, standing apart from the rest. When the graveside service was over and earth and holy water had been splattered on the coffins I was left alone for a while, as was customary. I looked prayerful for a moment or two, then turned to walk over the frozen rutted soil to the cars.
Ben fell in step beside me.
Coping? he asked.
Just about, I answered. Itll be a bit easier when I get shut of all these people, though.
I nodded towards the waiting cars, to the relations who were gathered there.
I thought you might be in need of a bit of support.
Thanks, I think I am, I said. Do you fancy tagging along for the booze-up?
The what?
Drinks and butties at the Bellingham, I explained. You know how they do things around here, give the dead a good send-off, say how wonderful the deceased was while they eat and drink at the expense of the unfortunate bugger.
Even though they might have hated the poor sod. He nodded. Yes, Ive seen what its like, Ive been to a few of those affairs.
Can you spare the time, then? I hoped.
Of course, he said. Ive got the car, Ill follow.
Ill come with you and show you the way.
No, you need to go with the rest, he told me. Go on, he urged, when I hesitated, its expected of you. Youve just got to remember your place for a little while longer.
And after that? Can I get away from this bloody hole once its over?
*
Ben was the first person I looked for when we were all gathered at the Bellingham, I almost ran to his side as if he was the father Id lost; the further condolences which came my way, trying to distract me, I was easily able to shrug off.
Isnt it a fucking crime? I said to him.
That they died?
That people behave like this.
Thats the way funerals are, Ginny, packed with people you dont want to see. Theres never any escaping them, they follow you to your grave.
But when this is over, then I can get away?
Or when your affairs are settled. The affairs of the dead dont end when theyre buried, they tend to drag on for a little longer than that.
I dont mind, thatll do for me, the fact that Ill be free to go.
Because Ben was such an imposing figure, and perhaps because no one quite knew who he was, the relations tend to avoid the two of us and we were left alone in a corner of the room. Uncle Jack, wanting to be seen as the host of the wake, made a little speech which was full of grandiose words and grammatical errors, saying how much everyone was going to miss Gran and my mother and how everyones thoughts would be with me in the weeks and months to come. They wouldnt, though, no ones thoughts would be with me, I would be away from that place so quickly that any good wishes would have to travel at the speed of light to catch up with me.
The speech seemed to mark the end for many people, they seemed to think that their obligation had been fulfilled and they came across to shake my hand or kiss my cheek as they left; but then there were the obstinate ones, those who would stay until every drop had been drunk and every scrap eaten.
Ben, I whispered, do you think we could creep downstairs and have a drink in the regular bar?
You really should be the last one to leave, he told me.
But can you blame me if I dont want to stay? I mean, just look at these people.
He didnt bother to look, hed seen their kind before. Okay, come on.
We walked downstairs and I told him that the Bellingham had an ordinary bar, that it wasnt necessary to have a meal in order to drink there. He probably knew this, but said nothing, just let me witter on.
I started to laugh.
What is it? Ben asked.
Paula told me that very same thing, that you dont have to have a meal to drink here. This is one of the first places we came together, see. I was a bit uneasy because I thought it was a posh place.
Downstairs we had pints of beer, more sensible drinks than the spirits and fortified wines there had been upstairs; on beer I could get drunk, the other stuff just made me sick.
 What are you going to do? Ben asked me.
Now that Ive been kicked out of college, you mean? Im not sure.
You can still apply for a degree course, you know. Nothing has really changed. Youve got plenty of good work, so just add to it in the time youve got left and stick your application in along with the others. Forget the fact that you wont finish the foundation course. Ill see to it that you get good references.
Thanks a lot, Ben, I said, for I knew that what he was proposing was not quite legitimate.
So? Will you give it a try?
Well see.
We finished our drinks and had another, I saw one or two mourners come down the stairs so hid in the toilets.
Back with Ben again, he said, Paulas waiting, you know.
Waiting?
She wouldnt come, she wouldnt call around to see you, she thought you might prefer to be alone. She sent along the message, though, told me to tell you shes waiting.
Shes not been put off by all thats happened? I asked.
Dont you know her better than that? he answered.
I thought for a moment, then said, Can you give me a lift into town, to her flat?
Now?
Id be grateful if you could.
You really ought to go back upstairs.
But you know Im not going to, dont you?
Paulas in college, shes not at the flat.
That doesnt matter.
Ben looked at the people still leaving the wake, probably regarding them in much the same light that I did, said okay, he would give me a lift. We drank up and went out to his car, were in town in a matter of minutes. He dropped me off at the door to Paulas flat,  asked if he should give her the rest of the day off.
No, theres no need for that, I told him.
Right, then. Ill see you again?
Or perhaps read about me in the papers, I grinned. Bye, Ben. Thanks for everything.
*
Less than an hour later I was walking down the hill, turning to the right, away from college and towards the station. I didnt care where I might be going, the next train would do, that would be the one Id catch. I had paused in each room in Paulas flat, had seen the flat, not for the first time, as the place I would like to live and thought that some day I might return to such a place, to share it with Paula or with a person very much like her. For the moment, though, I needed to be elsewhere, away, some place other than Sleepers Hill. I had left my funeral outfit and smart black coat on Paulas bed -imagining how she might laugh, to think of me wearing such things- and I walked down the hill in my favourite leather jacket, the one with my name on the back to say that I didnt give a toss about anyone else. Ginny da Vinci, that was me, and I could see people knew it by the way they stared after me, annoyed by my jaunty step.
BOOK TWO

VIRGINIA PLAIN

a portrait of the young woman as an artist

Prologue

Mister Teacher-?
Over the intercom the voice seemed to crackle with age, like that of some wizened old harridan, and this was the one reason Teacher had to be grateful to the infernal squawking machine, that it could rob that bitch of a secretary of some of her beauty and youth.
But Mister Teacher? And spoken with such a clipped lack of respect? Where was the regard he was due? Where was his title: Principal?
-I have some letters waiting for your signature, he was told.
Then forge it, he said. Before you do, though, just nip out and get me a bottle of whisky, theres a love.
Go get it yourself, his secretary answered, sniffing audibly, disguising her disdain for him with a snooty appreciation of her expensive perfume. And I am not your love.
You should be so lucky, he grumbled. Now just cut out the insubordination and shift your lazy arse across to the supermarket.
How dare you talk to me like that!
How dare he? Quite easily. It was one of the perks of the job, to speak down to people; he had suffered the acid tongue often enough in his younger years, and now it was his turn to dole it out. But still, if she didnt like it
If you dont like it you can always leave, he countered, with a curtness which hinted at an executive decision, and as quickly as the idea came to him so he warmed to it. Yes! Leave, why dont you? You were never cut out for this job in the first place.
Ha! Ill be at my desk longer than youll be at yours!
You bitch! Teacher cursed her, as the intercom went dead.
*
Getting on for fifty years of age, single, and earning sufficient thousands per annum to live quite comfortably, Principal Teacher would have been justified in feeling proud of his achievements; after all, not quite fifty was a good age to be head of an established college of art, a few years younger than was customary. He had positively leapt up the ladder of promotions, climbing rungs at a time. His mother would have been pleased for him, many another man would have been content with such success, but for some reason he felt unfulfilled.
Slouched behind the desk in his cork-tiled, shag-piled office, the curtained double glazing filling the wall behind him, he felt drained of all sensation, swamped by the muteness of the materials. The softness of the office numbed him, no sound intruded to shake him from his torpor, neither from the streets outside nor from the five floors of art school which towered above; the steel and concrete block was packed with workshops and studios, there would be students hammering and chipping and blasting, nailing wood to wood or slapping wedges of clay into shape, attacking stone with chisels or scorching metal with welding torches, but not a sound crept into the padded cell of his office. He felt that the room had been expressly designed to dull him; if he had a wife he would have confided as much to her at the end of each tedious day, complained that he was plotted against, told her that there was a subtle conspiracy afoot to sap him of all drive and ensure that he remained no more than the titular head of that college of art.
And a wife, if there had been one, would have laughed.
He stabbed at the intercom, but there was no response; he bellowed for attention, but was ignored.
The bitch!
Bitches all!
Teacher was a large man, too large for the desk behind which he sat so impotently. His belly bulged against its sharp mahogany edge and his knees nudged its underside; as his thighs twitched impatiently he was able to bounce it up and down, as solid and heavy as it was, and his hands like slabs of raw meat pounded it back down again; his complexion was a fierce red, even when his temper was not roused, and his hair a shock of ginger, blazing about his skull and covering his cheeks and chin. He was altogether too large and vibrant a man to be shackled by such boredom.
With a heave of his body he sent his chair crashing back against the wall and stood, searched the office like a wild beast prowling for fresh meat. There were bottles in the filing cabinets, and in the drawers of his desk, but the dregs they held did not amount to so much as a single tot. He would have to roam, then, venture out of his cell. The Campbell might have opened by now; if not, then he would hammer on the door until it did.
The outer office was empty, the lazy cow of a secretary having deserted her post. Still, this saved any arguments, there could be no complaints from her about him deserting his, and he marched purposefully along the corridor by the senior common room, meaning to bowl over anyone who was reckless enough to get in his way. The main foyer was as busy as ever, its terrazzo tiles echoing with the hubbub of people, students buying materials at the shop or haranguing the staff with their chits for petty cash, a constant stream of them entering and leaving the building. It was easy to do nothing at art school, as much effort could be expended on considering a work as on its actual execution and there was always an excuse to explain a students absence from the building. The only person who needed no excuse was Teacher himself; his position was inviolable, his authority -he could still believe- was total.
*
Outdoors, a bright blaze of summer momentarily blinded the Principal, but he had no need to see clearly ahead, instinct guided him down the steps of the college and across the road without ever having to accustom his eyes to the glare.
He entered the bar of the Campbell.
A pint of bitter and a Teachers, he said, to the shadow that was the barman, then turned to survey the room while he was served.
Sun streaming through the frosted windows fogged the scene, it was like being bleary-eyed drunk already, there was little he can make out clearly other than the ricochet of light from mirrors and bottles.
Ceri? Is that you, boy? he asked, seeing a figure in the corner hunched like a stone caryatid beneath the weight of shadow. He thought he discerned a nod, so paid for his drinks and carried them across to the table. So, Ceri, comment a va?
Not too bad, Teach, the young man replied, only briefly looking up from the sketchpad on his knee.
Hard at it, eh? Teacher took a peek at the drawing, then inched his stool a little to one side, seeing that he was in the way. He took a mouthful of beer and a swallow of whisky, smacked his lips on the taste and sucked on his moustache, said, It beats me how you can draw in here, though. You cant see bugger all.
A few more of these and Ill be seeing just fine, said Ceri, raising his glass. Its all in the mind, Teach. The senses are a shackle until they become fuzzed.
Teacher laughed approvingly. He had always had a fondness for the Welsh, drinking was an art in itself for them and young Ceri made a passable boozing partner. Of course the lad was only in his first year, he was some way short of graduating, but when the mood was on him he could match his elder pint for pint; give him the confidence that will came with being a final year student and he would be just fine. Only by that time Teacher might no longer be around, the acolyte might need to find himself another avatar.
Ceri wetted his thumb and scrubbed away at his drawing, melting shadow into shadow, then folded the sketchpad shut and lay it on the table.
Fuck the figurative stuff, he sighed wearily. It gives me a pain in the arse.
Teacher had seen the paintings Ceri favours, they sprawled across twenty foot canvasses in the studio, were executed with such vigour that they covered much of the floor and walls as well.
Still the abstract expressionist? he said. Jackson Pollock rules, OK?
Ceri nodded gravely as he drained his glass. For him Jackson Pollock was king, a mans artist, drinking hard and painting hard. He modelled himself on the American, right down to the tight white tee shirt and glowering brow, carried a tattered photograph of the artist around in his wallet which he consulted from time to time, standing in front of a mirror to copy the pose.
Why bother with the representation, then, if it pains you so much? Teacher asked. If he was not allowed to interfere in the normal course of the college, then he thought that the least he could do is take an extracurricular interest, so to speak, in the work of the students.
Ceri frowned, his thick brows darkening his gaze. Its that toe-rag, Walter.
Yes?
Hes pushing us all towards figurative work.
And you pay heed to him? Teacher remarked, a little surprised that Walter Grundy could carry such clout. People rarely paid much notice to what Walter said.
It makes for a quiet life, said Ceri, with a sigh that stirred the Principals sympathies.
Another pint? he offered, shaking the last drops of beer into his whisky and emptying the glass.
Thanks, said Ceri.
Good lad.
At the bar Teacher saw other students from the art school entering the pub. They hesitated between one room and the next, hovering in the doorway, then chose the other more comfortable room. Whether it was him they were avoiding, or the Welshman, he didnt like to think. Perhaps they were worried that their Principal might be responsible for another bar-room brawl, as he had been some weeks before, when he had been miserably drunk rather than happily so.
So? Things are going well? he said to Ceri, when he returned with the drinks.
As well as they ever do, as well as they ever can do in this place, said Ceri, not committing himself. On the one hand weve got Walter, doing his best to bring about a twentieth century renaissance of figurative painting, and on the other weve got Barney trying to do away with painting altogether, saying the idea is the thing, persuading us to spend so much time thinking about it that well end up doing none at all. Looking despairingly at Teacher, he says, This is an art school, for fucks sake, were supposed to paint. But there he is, senior lecturer in painting, telling us that painting is a redundant activity. I tell you, Teach, the place is fucking crazy.
Dont I know it? You're preaching to the converted there, Ceri lad.
*
On returning to college Principal Teacher had a vision of a summer sky which was more brilliant than the one glimpsed briefly on his dash to the pub, he saw it as clear and crystal as a tropical sea into which he hurled himself, feeling the waves of brine like cotton wool plugging his ears to any intrusion. As deep as the blue was, so it towered an infinite distance above, sea and sky a universal colour, but there was no distance so great that his mind could not reach it.
From this vague distance there came a faint insistent buzzing sound, like a swarm of summer insects to disturb him. It was Walter, even in his sleep he knew this, Walter Grundy expounding the virtues of the traditional ways of art, pleading for still-lifes and plaster casts to be brought back into the studios.
His pleas were not directed at Teacher, Teacher hoped, for he no longer had any say in the way that courses were conducted.
Breasts and buttocks, thats what its all about, if you can master breasts and buttocks then youre on your way to becoming an artist.
Walter was boring, bloody boring, and his drone soporific enough to send Teacher into an even deeper sleep, if a sleep deeper than the present sleep was possible.
Youre wasting your breath, Walter-
This second voice was not so loud -loudness alone could not disturb the Principals slumber- was not even a slightly insistent whine which might simply have made his sleep fitful. No, the voice was that jangling mid-Atlantic twang which could only be Bobby Greenbaums. Teacher surfaced from whatever depths he had reached, for a moment was tempted to rouse himself for a glimpse of her cheerleader thighs, but sleep, however shallow it had become, was even sweeter than such a sight, so he forced himself to keep his eyelids closed.
Bobby was no ones favourite person; her company could be embarrassing, she was coarse in her ways, and there was something offensive about the way she plucked her jeans from her crotch while she spoke, as if she was sweating heavily down there. Teacher always did his best to avoid her, though he could sometimes excuse her crude behaviour as honest he could never quite feel comfortable with it; so, recognising the voice, he feigned the sleep which was now being denied him.
Hes not listening, hes totally zonked, he heard her say, her words muffled as though her mouth was full of marshmallows.
Ill get through to him, Walter believed. Dont you worry. Hes like a sponge, soaks everything up.
Teachers whisky is all Teachers soaked up today. The mans a veritable dipso.
Really?
Walter continued to address himself to the dozing form of the Principal, undeterred by the lack of response to his exposition of the merits of life drawing; no reaction at all, he probably reasoned, was preferable to the customarily adverse reaction his views received.
Moments of dozing, a dream, perhaps some conversation missed.
Then Bobby asked, How are things going in the studio, anyway?
Not too bad, Walter replied optimistically. Ceris flinging paint about the place as usual. Griffs making an effort -hes got Pam with tits like barrage balloons, very monumental- and there are one or two others doing their best, painting like virgins whove never seen a naked woman before.
Pams tits are that big?
To believe Griff, they are. I promise you, if they get any bigger well have to anchor his canvas to the floor.
As Teacher shifted in his sleep he made a mental note to see the painting, and the model too, to remind himself of how pneumatic Pam was. He had dallied with her once, after an end of term party, and the memory, though dim, was still there in the recesses of his mind.
And thats it? Thats the sum total of the work being done?
There was the rustle of an ill-fitting jacket as Walter shrugged, said, It's enough for the moment, more than we can usually hope for. Things have picked up of late.
In the absence of Barney, you mean?
There is a brave huff -huh!- as Walter said, Barney? Who cares about him?
Im sure you do. What do you think hes going to say, Walter, when he gets back from his paternity leave and sees what youve been up to?
As if I give a damn, Walter grumbled, and Teacher could sense what courage it took to come out with such a simple dismissal.
The conversation droned on like the ebb and flow of a tide on a shale beach and Teacher slipped deeper into sleep, back to the past of some distant childhood holiday. He was on the shore, he was in the sea, he was happy until-
Mr Teacher! Mr Teacher!
He felt that he was drowning, sinking under crashing waves for the last time when someone grabbed him, shook him, dragged him to the surface and cried out his name in panic. As he was roused from his dreams he felt his clothes to be dry, knew that he was not drowning, blinked and grumbled and asked, What the bloody hell is it?
Mr Teacher! Mr Teacher!
Opening his eyes he saw Ron standing before him; Ron, the most -the only- enthusiastic cleaner in the college, supporting himself like a cripple, the handle of his broom tucked snugly into his armpit.
You, he groaned. What the hell do you want?
Its Mr Grundy, hes wet the floor-! Ron began, but this was not what he wanted to say, the words came out in a babble, so he tried again: I mean his students-! His models-! The Welsh boys-!
What the cleaner really meant to say was that two tramps Ceri had brought in off the street as models had urinated on the staircase outside the painting studio. He was too flustered to be coherent, though, too offended by the act he had witnessed to be explicit. In a flurry of agitation he looked around him, then made a sudden grab for Walter Grundys leg and pulled off one of the leather moccasins the lecturer wore.
Look! he exclaimed, as Walter protested loudly, and showed that the sole of the shoe was stained with red paint, then pointed to the footprints which led back across the carpet to the door. Mr Grundys got paint all over the place up there, Mr Teacher! And hes trod it all the way down here!
Walter angrily snatched back his shoe.
These things happen in painting studios, Ron, said Teacher philosophically, yawning and stretching. Accompanied by much sighing of foam rubber and plastic he heaved his heavy frame into an upright position. If the mess is too much for you to clean up then just let it dry and polish it.
But its not fair! Ron whined. Its just not fair!
Life rarely is, Ron. Sit yourself down and have a drink.
In the Campbell, before leaving, Teacher had had the presence of mind to replenish his hip flask; he took this from his pocket, had a swig, then offered it to Ron.
Well... Ron was uncertain, looking about him as if worried that a superior might come in and catch him, forgetting for the moment that in the hierarchy of the art school Teacher was just about as superior as they come. Im not sure.
Come on! Sit down!
The words were spoken fiercely enough to be an order, so Ron sat down, smiling sheepishly on being invited to join such exalted company. When he accepted the flask and drank, the fiery liquid making him cough and splutter.
Teacher waited for the spasms to settle, then asked amicably, So, Ron, how are things going? Apart from the mess Walters made of your floors, that is.
Walter frowned, but said nothing, took the flask that was passed to him and carefully wiped its mouth before chancing a taste.
It isnt easy, you know, Ron confided.
Teacher was understanding. Im sure it isnt.
The job has its difficulties. It was much easier when Mr Goode was around to stop everyone painting.
Yes, well Barney will be back in action in a week or so, Ron. Hell soon get things back to normal.
Over my dead body, Walter muttered.
Most probably, Bobby chuckled delightedly in expectation. Especially when he finds out what youve been doing upstairs.
Walter put on that brave unafraid face which left everyone but Ron totally unconvinced.
That would be nice, said Ron, then stopped and corrected himself. Oh! Im sorry, Mr Grundy! I didnt mean to wish any harm on you! I didnt mean it would be nice if... you know... I just meant... well, if he stopped everyone painting again...
Do shut up, Ron, Walter sighed.
Now, Walter, Teacher cautioned. Ron is as much a member of staff as you or I and he deserves to be heard.
Ron smiled his appreciation, warming to the Principal, realising that he was not quite as unapproachable as he sometimes seemed. Gaining in courage, he ventured to mention the chicken which McCready was rumoured to keep in the studio; no one had seen the creature, but Ron had heard it, and found its droppings, was quite certain that it exists.
It makes such a terrible mess up there, he complained.
Well, well see what we can do about it, said Teacher, offering the flask again and persuading Ron to take another drink. Now is there anything else I can help you with while youre here? Is there anything you need? How about one of those new-fangled floor polishers Ive seen over in the polytechnic?
Ron shook his head quite vigorously at the offer, trying to keep the flask to his lips as he did so but spilling much precious whisky down his chin. He didnt hold with those contraptions, he said, dabbing at his mouth with a duster; they just couldnt be as kind to a floor as a man with a mop.
Then how about some new mops? Or some brushes?
Brooms, the cleaner corrected.
Sorry. Brooms.
And if its all the same to you, Mr Teacher, Ill hang onto this one. Ron hammered his broom against the floor like a symbol of office, sending up a little cough of dust from the carpet. Its a good one, is this one.
Theres nothing you need, then?
Ron shook his head again. This time, as unaccustomed to alcohol as he was, his action made him sway dizzily. Using his broom as a crutch once more he got carefully to his feet, took a cautious step back.
Oh Ron, before you go- 
Yes, Mr Teacher?
You could leave the flask with me, theres a good chap.
*
Now that youve settled Rons grievances- Bobby began, when the cleaner had left.
It could have been hours later, or minutes.
-there are just one or two things-
Teacher jumped to his feet. Sorry, Bobby. Gotta go.
Enough was enough for one day.
But Teach-!
Teacher ran from the common room and along the corridor as her voice cried after him. Barging into his outer office, hearing the echoes chasing him and seeing that his secretary had returned, he said, Im not in, Im not available. Not to Bobby. Not to anyone. Say Ive been taken suddenly ill.
And what is it that ails you? smiled the young woman at the desk.
Anything contagious, he told her, running through to his inner office.
Locking the door after him, he crouched there and listened, heard Bobby ask to see him.
He isnt available, hes been taken ill, he heard his secretary say, but his smile of approval was short lived.
So suddenly? Really?
A pause, then, Well no, not really. Hes just in one of his moods and hes locked himself in there.
The cow!
Bobby laughed and approached the door. Come on, Teach! Open up!
Never, he vowed.
But Bobby was fit enough to break the door down, she was a robust young woman with a sturdy frame and perfectly capped teeth which could just as easily chew their way through the wood as they could dazzle with their pure white brilliance. Better to run for it, he decided, rather than stand his ground. He crossed the room and slid his legs over the edge of the open window, then dropped to the grass below. Above him the college towered five floors high, below was the basement which buried itself into the ground; there had to be somewhere to hide.
Quickly, before Bobbys head can appear at the window, he sprinted around to the rear of the building and re-entered through the doors of the sculpture department. It would be dark enough in there to hide, there was Jim Heaps office, the perfect place; the sculpture tutor had used it as a pied-a-terre for the past three years and lauded its privacy, so it could surely provide sanctuary for his Principal.
Hes out, said Rose, the only student in the place, as Teacher reached the door to the office.
Damn! Jim spent much of each day and all of each night in that office, he had made it as comfortable as any bed-sit, and now, just when he was needed most, he was out sunning his pallid complexion, blinking in the unaccustomed light of day. Teacher cursed and kicked the door, then walked over to Rose.
Rose Turner, a strange young woman with a predilection for the morbid, was seated like some insane savant at a wake, all in black, a felt cloche hat with a veil peeled back from her face, brightly lit by an Anglepoise lamp which picked her out amid the general gloom of the studio. The table before her was littered with printed circuits, dull copper coloured cards scattered in haphazard fashion like a discarded poker hand; to each of these in turn she was in the process of soldering a rainbow of coloured wires, but she paused to smile a greeting at him, not minding his company for she could be sure that he had not come to discuss her work. Reaching across the table she opened a small black purse, took out two cigarettes. 
Want one? she offered, holding them out. She wore fingerless black lace gloves, scarred and spoiled, like her red lacquered nails, by drops of burning solder.
Thanks, he said, accepting a cigarette and a light. He let smoke gush from his lips in a heavy sigh, added, What I could really use, though, is a drink. I dont suppose youve got anything down here?
Rose shook her head. Jims probably got a bottle of something in his bed-sit, but its locked.
Teacher nodded and looked around the studio, still empty but for himself and Rose. What about the storeroom? he asked.
He left that unlocked in case I need anything. You wont find any booze in there, though, not unless youre into varnish stripper or neat alcohol.
Okay.
Feigning an interest in the various works in progress, Principal Teacher strolled nonchalantly around the studio, puffing on his cigarette, running his fingers over the polished buttocks of a wood carving, pricking them on the pointed breast of a metal torso, taking a roundabout route to the storeroom. Rose returned to her work, but was soon distracted by the hammering of a heavy duty drill, looked up to see the Principal on his knees, drilling holes in the door to Jim Heaps room.
Teach! What the fuck-!
Shut up and keep a watch out! he told her.
Wavering in the centre of the studio, between Teacher in one corner and the main door opposite, wondering whether to intervene or not, Roses hesitancy allowed Teacher time to pepper the wood around the lock with holes.
Easy, he grinned, setting down the drill and picking up a hammer. Now, all we need do is-
With one blow he sent the lock, along with a sizeable chunk of wood, crashing into the office. As soon as the door fell open, however, alarm bells start ringing, so loud that they would have to be heard throughout the five floors of the building.
Oh shit! said Rose.
Quite, thought Teacher, of much the same opinion, but being older and wiser he remained calm enough to dart into the office, upturn the furniture and come out with a bottle of vodka.
It isnt the water of life but itll have to do, he said, striding briskly across the studio.
Hey! Where the fuck do you think youre going? Rose demanded, grabbing him by the arm
Out.
And leave me to take the blame? Oh no youre not! Youre staying here to explain!
Get off! said Teacher, trying to shake the girl away, but she held fast, fixed herself to him like a limpet. He had never known a woman to be so clinging, not since his brief dalliance with Pam, so he picked her up and carried her to the door. Hearing shouts and footsteps coming towards them, he then turned on his heels and went back across the room, bruising his shins and ankles on the creative debris which litters the floor. He reached the huge sliding doors which offered the only other escape, dropped Rose to the floor and tugged at the handles.
Oh my goodness! Oh! he heard Ron crying, from the other side.
Oh merde! Not him! Teacher turned away, eyes darting anxiously, wondering, Where now?
In here, said Rose, spinning him and pushing him, nudging him forwards so that everything was suddenly dark, soft, quiet.
Teacher picked himself up -he felt sure that he did!- and put his feet down -my feet are down, he told himself- but there was no sensation, he felt nothing. He reached out his hands before him but there was nothing to touch, he stamped his feet both left and right but felt nothing underfoot. Nothing could be heard and no matter how many times he blinked his eyes the world became no brighter.
Where the fuck are we? he asked.
In my black box, Rose told him with a breathless enthusiasm, a heavy exhalation, as of a last breath. Its padded, soundproof, lightproof. Its all about sensory deprivation. Should I tell you about it? Its like being in the afterlife, like living in a dream.
I think I already am, said Teacher. And then, more softly, I bloody well hope I am. Give me dreams any day. Ive had enough of reality.
Chapter One

Mother was dead but I shed no tears. Rather I was angry because she had left me, deprived me of this pivotal moment in my life. In her absence I had to imagine it, picture how it should have been.
Well, Virginia, good luck, she would have -should have- said, as we faced each other like bookends with nothing between us, awkwardly silent until that moment. Nose to nose in the small room which was to be my student accommodation, the gap which separated us would seem greater than generations, cardboard boxes littering the floor crowding us closer together, giving us no room to manoeuvre, making it difficult for each to avoid the others gaze. The sense of confrontation would be made more pronounced by our similar height and build, as alike as mother and daughter could be, age our only difference, thinning and greying the hair of one while the others was still luxuriant, giving one face a creased experience while the other was still brightly hopeful.
Sorry? I would say, after my mother had broken that uncomfortable silence, speaking slowly, as if only after careful consideration.
With your studies, Virginia! Good luck!
Oh. Yes.
A hand would then be extended, which I would shake without knowing why. It would only be after my mother had left, wrapped in that reconstituted silence which seemed the one natural thing after so many years together, only once I was alone that I would consider the gesture, recalling that the hand in mine had seemed so much smaller than in the past, when it had been used mainly to scold and rarely to pet. I would feel that there had to be some reason for it, that quick thrust forward and the embarrassed contraction of the fingers, but would be able to recall no clues in my mothers expression, only the permanent wrinkles around the eyes and the furrows across the brow which had been drawn out by nineteen years of motherhood. So what might have been the reason? Could it have been pride in a daughter, or envy of her? Sadness, perhaps, at seeing the only child finally leave home?
I would never know.
Mother was dead.
All I could do was shrug and set aside the problem, empty the cardboard boxes around me of books and music, stack the tiny dressing table with cosmetics and creams, then go outside to see what life away from home might have to offer, determined that I would sleep with the first clean man I met.

*
The first clean man I happened upon wore a shirt which was shredded at the waist and cuffs, as though he wanted buckskin but found it beyond his budget. He also wore a string of small beads around his neck, and across the room, through the smoke which was like a summer haze, blurring colours and making shadows of every shape, I was pushed to decide if they were wood or plastic or ceramic.
They might even have been tiny cowrie shells.
Lemon pips, he told me, crossing the room to stand beside me.
Huh?
I saw you looking at these. He smiled as he rattled the beads in front of my face. Theyre varnished lemon pips.
Unusual, I acknowledged, taking the beads between my fingers and shaking them as he had done.
They suit my nature, he laughed. Im bitter, acidic. 
I took a sip from my drink, then held up the glass. It was beer, but darkened with a splash of blackcurrant cordial. Look how it melts in with the walls, I observed, pointing at the wood panelling of the bar through the brown liquid. You can hardly see the beer for the wood. Or the wood for the trees.
I was thinking in colour and tone, which gave the young man his clue. Youre at the art school, arent you?
Yes. Or at least I will be from tomorrow. I flattered him with a smile, complementing him on his insight. How clever of you. How did you guess?
He shrugged, as though the answer was obvious and my flattery had been wasted. Ive not seen you in here before, so youre not local. The only other people who come down here are from the art school. Its that sort of place.
Loud and extravagant. Or moody and soulful. Faded denim and second-hand frills. That sort of place. A dive of a bar in a sprawling basement, the ceiling low as if the weight of the office block above it was bearing down too heavily.
We moved from the bar to sit down and I noticed a particular fragrance as he shook his long hair from his eyes, fruity again, limes or lemons. It might have been his shampoo.
So? he asked. What do you want to do at art school?
Things that will make people cry, I answered, and he laughed his cheerfulness laudable but maybe a little ill-timed.
I must have look hurt, for he placed his hand on mine, still laughing as he said, But thats good. Thats great. I can appreciate that. Now dont you go away, theres someone over there I have to see.
I watched him as he crossed the room, tight trousers adding a certain effeminate elegance to his stride, his eyes sparkling, smiling greetings at people as he went. Back at the bar he stopped to speak with a young couple, both about my age, the girl dressed all in black, her partner with long curls which danced about his shoulders as he speaks, shiny dark knots which twist tightly and dance ever more wildly as he nodded his head enthusiastically, responding to whatever was being said.
Then the smell of fruit and the faint sound of lemon pips was before me again.
Theres a party, he told me. Want to come?
Where?
Not far. Youll enjoy it.
I didn't even know his name yet, was about to ask but then decided that perhaps this was for the best.

*
The house I was taken to must have been the strangest I had ever known, unlike any I had visited before. In the room where the two of us sat -on the floor with our backs against the wall, drinking cheap red wine from paper cups- my eye was first caught by an ashtray next to the fireplace, a child-size mannequin sawn in half at the waist and filled with grey ash and cigarette stubs, a strip of emery paper strategically glued between the legs and darkened by the striking of many matches. Then I saw the upper torso of the dummy on the other side of the room, in the bay of the window, a noose about its neck and the body scarred by a bread knife, this still buried to the hilt where the jugular might be. Dark shadows to either side were a result of the wall being painted in matt black emulsion, this then leaking onto a second wall only to stop abruptly, replaced by a vivid Day-Glo orange. The wall against which I leant was similarly decorated, but with one quarter black and the remainder green.
They ran out of paint? I supposed.
Maybe. Or maybe it was intentional. They come from the art school, the people who live here. Perhaps youve met them.
I shook my head, reminding him that I didn't start my studies until the next day. Ive met no one yet, I told him, still a stranger to this world.
Apart from me. Fingers clasped mine and urged me to my feet. Come on.
I was about to ask where again, but instead said, To?
Just come, he said impatiently, and dragged me between the bodies which were now crowding the room.
I found the route harder to negotiate than he did, and he must have mistaken my slow progress for a reluctance to follow. Stopping, he turned to me and explained that we were going to Frasers bedroom-
Whose?
-to Frasers rather than to any of the others because he had the largest bed. This said, I was hurried on, up the stairs and along the landing. Faced with a door, a hand in the small of the back ushered me through and led me to the bed
The kisses I was subjected to were obviously passionate, for I almost choked on them. For my own part I was able to demonstrate a little more finesse, though, calming the hands which pawed me before leading them to the buttons of my blouse. There was some fumbling, the first button was managed but the second proved a little more awkward, and perhaps it was embarrassment or frustration which brought the return of the enthusiastic kisses. Impatient with my suitors clumsiness I sat upright and shrugged myself free of blouse and bra and skirt, then settled back against the pillows, sliding my arm beneath my partners shoulder blades.
A caressing word, this was obviously what he thought was needed now, and he softly whispered my name. Virginia.
Yes? I said, my movements coming to a sudden halt, and his expression told me that this wasnt the response he had hoped for. I should have moaned with pleasure, maybe, or murmured his name in return, but I would still rather not know his name so I pulled his embarrassed face to my body, where it could burrow a space between my breasts to bury its reddening cheeks.
Come on sweetheart, please try, I said in encouragement, wanting to get it over with, for I had more important things to do.

*
The one thing foremost in my mind was the desire to be an artist, to communicate, to move people, and the attempt at making love had been nothing more than a gesture, something expected of an eighteen year old who has finally escaped the confines of home. By the following morning I had dismissed the episode from my mind, much as I would any other obligation fulfilled, and all my thoughts were of the college before me and what it held in store.
The steel and glass of the building shone like a Bauhaus blossom, its windows tilted at various angles to break the September sun into so many mosaic pieces. I walked up the two flights of steps and into the entrance hall, where a notice directed all new fine art students to the fifth floor. A lift took me there, where I found the first year students assembled in the studio. They seemed to be an affable bunch, but for the moment I chose to sit alone.
Be different and make an impression, I reminded myself, sitting apart and staring ahead.
Through the narrow window which ran the length of the studio I could see the city, the dull grey rooftops and foggy lines of perspective which led from one diminishing plane to another, to the suburbs and then to the distant countryside where a paler greenery predominated. For a moment I wondered if I was in the right place, if lack of interest in anything else and dreams of being another Gwen John would be enough to see me through the next three years.
After an awkward period, during which other people tried to become acquainted, a lecturer entered, ambled around the studio with a clipboard in one hand and a pen in the other, checking off names on his list. His trousers were inches too short and flashed white socks at the ankles, he had a shambling gait and greasy black hair which made him look more like a fifties teddy-boy than an academic. Making his tour of the studio, he eventually stopped before me.
And who are you? he asked, looking down the column of names rather than directly at me. It wasnt until he looked up, thinking that I might not have heard, or he might have missed the answer, that I replied.
Theres Schopenhauer, see, and hes walking along the street, wondering what its all about as philosophers often do, when he bumps into this bloke. Who do you think you are, barging into me like that? the bloke rants. Now me, Idve poked him in the eye or kneed him in the nuts, but Schopenhauer just looks up and smiles, kind of sad, asks the very same question: Who am I?
The lecturer walked away, to check the rest of his list, returned to me when there was only one name left. I take it youre Virginia-
Just Virginia, plain Virginia, I cut him off with a smile, agreeing; yes, I was Virginia, and everyone in the studio knew it.
Right, Virginia plain, said the lecturer with a brief peevish scowl, sitting on a stool with everyone gathered around him in a semi- circle. And the rest of you. My name is Mr Goode. Barney, if we get on well together, since were generally on first name terms here, though some of you might think of other things to call me once you get to know me better. He offered a weak smile, which did little to make anyone feel at ease. Now Im the senior lecturer in fine art, I know why Im here. But what about you lot? You, for example. What do you intend to do now that you're here?
The one he singled out, a young man with long hair and an earnest expression, hunched his shoulders and clasped his hands. What Id like to do are paintings that are accessible to people, paintings like pop songs- he began.
Then youre one nave fucking nerd, Mr Goode  interrupted. Paintings for the people, is it? Well balls to the people cause its wasted on them. You arent here to do stuff to hang over your Mums mantelpiece and just you remember that. He looked from face to face while the message sank in, then settled on another student, a girl. You. What about you?
This girl was plump, like a marshmallow or something more fattening, and her cheeks reddened as if she was toasting, her eyes darted across the steel-vaulted roof of the studio as she looked for an answer, stammering, I.... I.... I.
Yes?
The girl lowered her head to look at the tortuous trickles of dried paint which covered the floor, intricate arabesques which broke up the monotony of the grey tiles. Here and there was a more expressive outburst, probably the work of some frustrated soul or other.
Well, I..., she tried again, but her voice tapered away to a sigh.
Well I... what, for Christs sake?
Her eyes grew moist and her face flushed brighter still.
Forget the things that make people cry, I decided; this bastard harassing us was more capable of doing that than mere paint and canvas.
Its just as I expected, says the lecturer, with a sad shake of the head, though he was too triumphant to be wholly disappointed with his new students. Youve all either got such infantile notions that they arent worth considering, or youve simply got no idea what youre about. He paused, then smiled as if to suggest that our collective silence signalled agreement. It might be rumoured elsewhere that actions speak louder than words, but that doesnt hold here. In this studio, in my studio, its the thought that counts. Know what you want to paint, why you want to paint, what is good in a painting and how the painter ought to behave. I dont want just any long-haired pillocks in here, smoking hash and flinging paint about the place, not unless you can justify your actions. The next time you see me you must have reasons, motives, ideas of what a good painting is. If you must do, you can put your ideas down on paper or canvas, but that isnt necessary, its not important. What is important is the idea.

*
There was more, much more, and at lunchtime people departed the studio in a daze, angry or near to tears. Thinking it time that I socialise, now that I had made my impression on the group, I joined others in the canteen, over lunch made the acquaintance of some of my fellow students. One girl named Rose, a long thin creature dressed all in black, grinned at me.
Caught you with your knickers down last night, didnt I? she said. She wore a cloche hat with a veil and she raised the lace from her mouth to slip a spoonful of yoghurt into her mouth.
You did?
At Frasers party. I was at the top of the stairs when I saw you along the landing, your drawers just about to drop down to your ankles.
Oh. Right.
The grin broadened, the lips thin like the rest of her features, as she asked, Good fuck, was he?
I had no reply to that.
A heavily built Welshman asked if this is whats known as the art school dance, said his mother warned him about such things and he was looking forward to joining in.
Its more like a tarts cool dance than an art school dance where Virginias amour is concerned, Rose laughed. That guy bangs away like a shit-house door.
Indeed? And how did she know that?
As the group broke up, left to our own resources for the rest of the day, I asked Rose what she planned to do.
About what?
About the talk Mr Goode -Barney- gave us.
Havent the faintest, she confessed. Go for a drink I suppose. What do you say?
Why not? I agreed.
Rose led the way, from the college and along the street, to the bar where I had met my lover of the previous night, smiled at a young man we passed in the doorway but then shook her head.
No, celibacys got to be the thing for a spell, she promised herself, descending a dark flight of stairs to the bar. At least until I get the devotion to art going and sort things out. Its going to be fucking difficult, though, if the rest of the tutors are anything like Barney. She ordered drinks at the bar, looked around the room while she was waiting to be served. Look, she said. Theres your stud of last night.
I looked, but only briefly, for I had also come to the same decision as Rose.
No, Im for celibacy too.
Good girl, Virginia.
Chapter Two

I know youre in there, girl! Ron bellowed, standing erect at the far end of the studio, his knuckles white as his shaking hands tightly gripped his broom. Before him was my den, a construction of black polythene pinned to easels, to exhibition boards and discarded paintings. There were many other such constructions in the studio, jutting out from the walls at every angle to make cubicles in which people could work in privacy, but it was mine which was the largest, the length of the far wall and half the height of the studio. Ron had diligently steered his broom between all the other compartments, leaving a dusty rectangular border around each and smearing streaks of paint across the floor, but had now been brought to a halt by the large black bivouac. I dont know why youre in there, he cried in exasperation, but I know youre there!
I was in the den because of the painting, thirty six square feet of cotton duck stretched over twenty four feet of two by one timber. The surface of the canvas vibrated with lines, shimmering when caught in the periphery of the eyes range and shifting more slowly when gazed at directly, coming forward and then receding, pulsing gently like some living creature whose sole intention was to mesmerise and envelop. Up to twenty different vanishing points disguise the buildings which had originally been there and a simple enough landscape had been swept away in some futuristic mayhem, planes pulled askew and angles exaggerated to ridiculous degrees, as though the fabric of the structures had been ripped away and replaced by a fine elastic film. No colour could be applied, for the network of lines was too flimsy; to apply colour would be like painting a cobweb with a coat of gloss, or applying a layer of undercoat to a moths wing.
The canvas was a complicated exercise in perspective, a response to Barneys insistence that what was good in a painting had to be established, prompted by the premise that mastery of such disciplines as perspective would lead to said knowledge. Barney, though, had said that it was too Socratic an approach, that being Socratic it would necessarily involve balance and compromise. Such qualities were impossible with a concept like goodness, he insisted; a thing was either good or not good, there could be no degrees of goodness.
There were arguments, I was sure, but for that moment they were elusive, like flitting insects coloured grey by my lethargy. I wondered aloud if it would always be like this, if all my proposals would be ridiculed and dismissed so easily, and the question brought a smile from Barney, together with a further glittering piece of reasoning. The merit of a theory, he told me, or of any proposition or proposal, lay in the very fact that it could be refuted, for if it could not be refuted by the facts which it sought to explain then its accuracy was no longer dependant on those facts, and therefore useless.
This seemed nonsensical to me. You mean to say that if the facts dont turn about and deny a theory then the theory is useless, since it doesnt relate to these facts?
Right.
But if the facts do deny the theory then the theory is again useless, since it doesnt explain the facts as it set out to do.
Barney smiled and agreed that this was so, which left me so confused that I built the den and hid myself away inside it. It was an understandable reaction, but one which Ron lacked the imagination to appreciate.
Looking about him, exasperation in his every movement, the cleaner saw Griff working nearby, said, Shes in there, isnt she?
Dunno, Griff lied.
Youll have to take it down! I've got to clean in there! Ron shouted, turning his attention back to the den. Then he repeated himself more softly for Griffs benefit. Ive got to clean in there, see?
I see.
Come out! the cleaner cried, but there was not even the slightest ripple on the glossy black surface of the den. He pleaded with Griff. Go on in there and get her out for me. Please.
Sorry, Ron, but Virginia wont listen to me. Besides, I couldnt even find my way in there. Its like a labyrinth.
A masterpiece of construction was how I had described it.
Please, Griff.
Sorry, Ron.
Then I'll have to see the Principal about this! Ron cried. And louder still, at the den: I SAY I'LL HAVE TO SEE THE PRINCIPAL ABOUT THIS!
There was still no response so he turns and sadly shuffled away to sweep the saner areas of the studio, looking back over his shoulder every three or four steps as if in accordance with some vexed choreography. When he had passed through the door to the adjacent studio I finally crept out, blinking in the brighter light of day, and crossed to where Griff was working.

*
It had taken a term but, despite Barneys complaints, all us first year students had begun to evolve our own styles, from Ceri, whose controlled expressionism involved making clinically exact copies of Jackson Pollock, to me, whose neo-conceptual confusion meant that I was not yet exactly sure what I was doing. Griff was into a Day-Glo mysticism, painting mandalas in vibrant colours against pastel puke backgrounds. His curls danced across his shoulders as he nodded to acknowledge my presence. 
The dens coming down, then? he asked.
No chance, I told him.
It really should, Virginia. Its dangerous, having all that polythene around you.
Especially when the only light inside was a paraffin-fired hurricane lamp.
But then Griffs paintings were considered by some to be a hazard to health, prolonged exposure to which could cause such violent bouts of nausea that the canvasses had to be turned to the wall and all the windows opened to clear the air.
It wasnt necessary for me to remind Griff of this. I simply pretended to throw up as I walked away.
Youre crazy, you are, said Griff.
Am I? I wondered.
It was becoming a favourite question of mine: Am I? And if I am, then who am I?
The words of some poet came to mind as I left the puke coloured paintings and took the lift to a lower floor -when we dream that we dream...- but I was unable to complete the quotation. Nor could I remember who the poet was, or if the words were relevant to my present confusion.
In the canteen I found Ceri, sat beside him and tried to describe this confusion, its doubt and uncertainty.
Sod theories. Who needs them? said Ceri, abstractedly picking at his nose. He rolled a tiny black pellet between finger and thumb and flicked it away; it stuck to the window beside him, unseen at first against the dusk outside, then appearing like a blackhead when I looked at my reflection in the darkening glass.
But its so easy, Ceri, so natural to doubt things, to question what they are. Or even if they are.
Bollocks! Ceri spat out the word, not allowing me time to dwell on the blemish on my mirrored cheek. Youre supposed to be an artist, Virginia. What you see, what you paint- thats what is.
But how can the senses be trusted when theyre so easily deceived? I wanted to know, and pointed to our reflections in the canteen window. I mean, if those are illusions then why couldnt we be, too?
Ceri snorted. He was too much the bullet-headed bigot to harbour such doubts and too much of a bruiser to let people challenge his views. He pounded his fist on the table, making cups and saucers jump to attention.
If I see this table, then it exists, he maintained. If Im not certain, then I touch it.
Or thump it, as he did again.
My finger traced baroque patterns in the coffee which had spilled across the table. But what about dreams? I ventured. We believe in those for a time, then discard them in favour of so-called reality.
Youre crazy, Virginia, or you will be if you carry on thinking like that, Ceri sneered, his eyebrows falling like hoods to darken his gaze. He kicked away his chair as he stood up. Come on, enough of this metaphysical bullshit. Lets go for a drink.
As I followed Ceri out of the college I envied the confident roll of the Welshmans frame, so loaded down with conviction that it seemed to move with difficulty. For myself, I was so desperately lacking in the precious stuff that I could only allow myself to be led wherever he chose to take me.

*
Drinking with Ceri, the evening went by like a blurred photograph, a dozen frames of Muybridge photographs fuzzing into one, and as the images flowed into each other the drinks seemed to be consecutive sips from one single pot. Ceri, noting how well the beer was going down, suggested that we might move on to a party.
A party? I said.
At Frasers.
Oh no, no parties, especially not at Frasers.
Frasers parties had already achieved a certain notoriety. He would give at least one a fortnight and they were infamous for their lack of food, lack of drink and lack of any music other than the static-riddled stuff crackling out from a cheap radio perched on top of the fireplace. Fraser himself would be absent for most of the evening, finally appearing, if he did at all, close to midnight, when he hoped the party would be in full swing and everyone having a good time despite his lack of effort.
No, no parties.
It might be different tonight, Ceri said optimistically.
You really think so?
No, probably not, but we went along there all the same, and to our surprise what we found was an actual party, people enjoying themselves, rather than the funeral wake we would have predicted.
Obviously nothing to do with Fraser, I commented, and breathless words rushed along the hallway as Jean came to greet us.
No, she panted, her plump face bursting with a flushed enthusiasm where previously she had only ever been seen as pale and doughy. It was my idea, actually, well, mine and Maries. We made pizza, lots of it, and got bread and cheese and stuff. Someone brought tapes. I mean, its time Fraser gave a proper party-
Yes, Jean, well done, I congratulated her as I squeezed past.
Accepting that it was a party, then, I picked up food and drink and made a tour of the house. It was actually crowded for a change, too crowded to confine itself to the usual single dismal room, and I bumped against dancers and stumble over reclining bodies, was chased from one room by profoundly heavy conversation, from another by cloying fumes of smoke as people sat in a circle beneath a dim orange light and passed around joints, soothing their charred throats with draughts of lime cordial. It was in the only quiet room in the house that I found an atmosphere in which I could relax, in the room with the surreal ashtray and the mutilated mannequins torso. Flickering candles were the only light there, the faint strains of acoustic guitar music the only sounds, and, always one for the anonymous quiet, I was drawn into the room.
There was only one person there, on the settee, and I sat beside him, told him, after an awkward silence, that he was James McCready, that he was studying sculpture. It was an inane thing to say but he smiled pleasantly and agreed that I was right. The question of who I was  -am I, and if I am, then who am I?- seemed to lose any importance for once, for he believed that I was Virginia, sometimes with the surname Plain, and that I was studying fine art.
It was some time later that I said, Most people seem to have left. Perhaps its time we did, too.
McCready -Forget the first name,' he said, 'I hate the James bit, it was my fathers name too so how unoriginal is that?- got to his feet and offered to walk me home, at which I smiled, as a person might do who had already taken this courtesy for granted.
The house I had moved into with Rose was a short walk away, a terrace in a suburban high street, the first after the shops and adjacent the launderette, a pub handy across the road.
I like it here, its convenient, I said, as I opened the door and entered the hall. I pointed to the first door. Thats Rose's room. Mine is the next one. We have a sitting room upstairs. Come on.
I led the way up the staircase, directed McCready to the sitting room while I went along the landing to the kitchen to make coffee. When I eventually joined him before the unlit fire I sighed and rested my head back, looking up to a point where wall met ceiling though my focus was slowly drawn to somewhere infinitely more distant. Searching for something to say, feeling that I ought to speak, it seemed that all my words had been wasted on Barney, that there was nothing left.
Ultimately it was McCready who broke the silence by saying, Should we go downstairs?
To my bedroom? Was this really what I wanted? No, not really, but for the moment it seemed more preferable than anything else, so we went.

*
My bedroom was more compact than the sitting room, just a bed in one corner, a wardrobe opposite and a single chair in front of the fire. In what light was able to creep through from the hallway there could be made out various tints of browns and greens, shades of mother earth.
Matches? I asked, and McCready tossed me a box which I took to a low table by the bed, a piece of furniture hidden until now by the shadows. I struck a match, it flared, and slowly a warm glow radiates from an old oil lamp, filling the room with a soft light.
McCready followed me into the room and looked more closely at the oil lamp. Its base was heavy brass, formed in the shape of tigers feet, and the pink of the fuel, held in a dimpled glass sphere, coloured the walls of the room. The light itself burned behind another glass sphere, this one etched with an intricate floral pattern.
Noticing McCreadys interest, I told him that it was a present from a friend.
Its nice, he said.
Yes, isnt it? I agreed, and in the brief silence which followed I saw him look at the lamp as if it was more than functional, more than decorative.
Or perhaps he thought that this was the way I regarded it, for he asked, So what happened to him?
Him? I echoed.
Sorry. I just assumed-
Yes, well I havent been in touch with the person who gave me that for quite some while.
Ah.
McCready then sat in the one chair before the fire, perhaps a little relieved that there was no one else to complicate the situation. For my part I was a little annoyed that what might be termed a situation could have progressed to this stage. Months earlier I had slept with the one man I promised myself, that obligation had been fulfilled, and now there should be other things to occupy me. Still, I thought, for the moment I might as well go with the tide, with its ebb or flow according to how things developed. It was only one night, after all. Then, perversely, as if to add substance to any hopes which the libidinous side of McCreadys nature might have, I knelt on the floor beside him, rested my arms across his knees and my cheek against his thigh. As he stroked my hair, pale blonde but reflecting the pink lamplight, I imagined paintings I thought I might be able to do, paintings which danced before me as I stared mutely at the flickering shadows.
This should have been enough for me, but finally I accepted the further possibility, said, It looks like youre staying the night. Lets go to bed.
It was a simple suggestion, like an invitation made out of kindness, and the two of us moved to my bed. For some reason known only to myself, though, I chose to sleep in pyjamas. McCready went to the bathroom, to swill his mouth and freshen his face, and returned to find me covered from neck to ankle in fluffy pink cotton, smelling of childhood and nursery days. He was obviously puzzled, but to his credit was not repulsed, he stripped to his underpants and joined me, kissing and touching tentatively, as if unsure of what came next.
And all that came next was sleep, warmth, dreams within dream, and the recollection that the words -When we dream that we dream... we are beginning to awaken- came from Novalis.


Chapter Three

I had grown fond of Griff and enjoyed listening to him. For all that he claimed to be the sanest member of our household -with the exception of me, of course; he would never take upon himself any talent or attribute greater than mine- for all that he made such a pretence at equilibrium, there was so much that disturbed him, so many notions which upset his stability and caused him to doubt whether his faculties were true. In the attic flat where we gathered that evening he was doing his best to explain a few.
It was Teachers reaction to the sensory deprivation centre, as reported with such sombre gravity by Rose that same night, which had turned our thoughts to the question of reality, to what can be known with certainty and what can only be surmised.
Think of the studio, Griff was saying. Picture it. Concrete and light, steel and glass, vanishing lines and tumbling surfaces. All illusion. Then think of the things in the studio, the objects we create, the drawings and the prints and the paintings. Theyre all illusions. Right?
He scanned the assembled faces until someone responded.
Right, McCready finally agreed.
Beside him on the settee Rose nodded her head gravely, her hands clasped as if in prayer.
So are they of any merit, these illusions we create?
Mine are, Ceri predictably boasted.
But how can we think of good when we havent even considered what is?
Huh?
Illusion, Griff stressed. Illusion. See! He pointed to McCready, whose mind had started to wander and who had taken my hand in his to kiss it. A kiss or a smile, especially when youre longing for it, is no more than a deception afterwards, when its reconsidered. Its reality is doubted -did it ever happen?- and its motives questioned. Its illusion, deceit.
Are you deceiving me? McCready demanded of me, feigning panic.
No. I swear, I promised, crossing my heart.
He kissed my hand again, slavering his tongue between my fingers, sucking on the polished tips. Just as long as I know.
I smiled, then swapped the smile for a look of rapt attention as Griff persevered.
Imagine a table in the studio, he said. Its brown and solid, a Formica worktop mounted on four wooden legs, pierced by screws and stuck with glue. He allows us all a moment to picture it before continuing. Now its colour, its size, its weight, the fact that it's combustible at a certain temperature or difficult to move, these are its qualities. Tap the table with your knuckle and its hardness can be felt, that quality is there to be appreciated
I saw Ceri absent-mindedly rap his knuckles against the arm of his chair, then blush with embarrassment when he caught my eye, just as Thomas must have done when his fingers sank into the resurrected wounds of Christ.
hit the table again, harder, and youll feel pain. The question to be answered is whether the pain is in the table, another of its qualities, or whether its in you.
Ceri glowered, his embarrassment making him angry. The pain is in me, pillock.
Because when you walk away from the table you can still feel it?
Right!
But then,  McCready came in, what about the hardness? Was that really in the table or was it, like the pain, in you?
Exactly, Griff agreed.
From deep within Ceris barrel chest there came a vague uncertain grumbling which might have been described by any of the qualities which Griff had mentioned -it was voluminous, it was heavy, it might well have been painful- and an argument began. This was not what Griff had wanted; he had wanted a discussion.
What the fuck does it matter? asked Ceri, his Pontypool accent becoming more pronounced.
But youve got to see Griff's point, McCready insisted. How can we paint an object when we dont know exactly what it is, or even if it is? Illusions replacing illusions? Thats not on, Ceri.
Bullshit! Im an artist! What I see, what I paint, thats what is! Ceri pounded his fist against the arm of his chair as he expounded once more his single reason for being. And if Im not certain about a thing then I touch it!
Or thump it, as he did again. As he had done so often before.
Rose sneered, her lips curling like thin crusts of bread; they were made to sneer, her entire frame was as brutal as a hat pin, a single exclamation mark of derision. Her hands parted her hair from her face -she wore no veil tonight, it was in the wash- she tossed it back over her shoulder and tilted her head so that the sneer could be seen more easily. The room was filled with the musty stink of Lily of the Valley exuding from her flowing hair.
As entertained as I was by the debate I felt the need to get away from it for a while, suggested coffee and went through to the kitchen. Griff followed, perhaps because he was disappointed with the way the discussion is going, perhaps for other reasons.
Help? he said, a little ambiguously, and I wondered if he was offering it or asking for it.
The kitchen was little more than an alcove partitioned off from the living room. A heavy velvet curtain covered the space where a door had once been and as it fell behind Griff the sounds from the room became muffled, the arguments indistinct and ragged about the edges. Because the kitchen was so small it seemed well stocked, herbs and spices line the shelves, the turmeric and coriander McCready used in the curries which his father taught him how to make, cinnamon and nutmeg for the cakes baked to his mothers recipes. Stepping around the pyramid of pans which was stacked on the floor, Griff arched on tiptoe to squeeze past me; still it was necessary for him to place his hands on my shoulders, though, to brush his body against mine, and he gave me what I took to be an affectionate kiss on the cheek.
Very forward of you, I smiled, comfortable with his friendship.
He returned the smile, briefly, then sighed. I thought it was going to be a pleasant evening.
But it is. Isnt it?
What? With arguments starting already? I sometimes think it was a mistake for all of us to cram into the same house.
I considered for a moment, was aware, as I did so, of his gaze fixed on me. This was the artist in him, I knew, an aesthetic appreciation; he often spoke of painting my portrait -McCreadyll never do it, he was always telling me. McCready cant paint- but I had never found the time, or perhaps the courage, to sit for him.
No, Griff, I dont think it was a mistake, I finally decided. I think its nice to have friends about the place. And it took too long for us to get the house to ourselves to want to change things now.
The first two full terms of college it had taken. Rose and I shared originally, but as people vacated the house so we brought in friends and fellow students, first Ceri, then Griff, and finally McCready. Now, midway through the third term of our first year, we had what we wanted, a house of familiar faces, a colony of aspiring artists.
Its not all that nice when you want to have a bit of privacy, though, Griff lamented.
You cant get any?
With Ceri farting and belching and getting roaring drunk? Youve got to be joking! It's like sharing with a flatulent pig. A boozy one at that.
Poor Griff, I sympathised, and returned his kiss, my lips pecking at his cheek.
Nice perfume, he commented. He was always complementing me, which I enjoyed; it compensated for those times when McCready seemed to take me for granted.
Mugs were lined up by the sink -two chipped, I noticed; I would have to make some more in college- a spoonful of coffee in each; a wisp of steam was curling from the kettle but the water hadnt yet boiled.
Is that enough? I wondered, flicking a fingernail against the rim of each cup as I named the people being catered for. You, me, Mac, Rose, Ceri. Is there anyone else?
Thats enough, Griff said. Any more and it would read like a wedding list.
I laughed, asked if this was a proposal in disguise, turned from him to pour boiling water onto the coffee.
Take those through, will you? I said to him, pointing to two mugs.
He took them, paused a moment to juggle them both into the same hand before moving towards the curtain; the murmur which came from the other side, though indistinct, was heavily accented, a threatening Celtic monotone.
I think we might need something stronger than coffee if Ceri carries on, he remarked.
I shook my head, stifling a yawn as I did so. No, not a good idea. I think weve all had enough for one night.
And some had had more than others, this was obvious. Ceris cheeks were shining like a scarlet lake when Griff placed a cup of coffee at his feet; or perhaps a rose madder.
This is Earlsdon, not Montparnasse! he was saying. The West Midlands, not Paris!
As I followed through from the kitchen and distributed the rest of the coffee Griff shrugged in answer to my questioning glance; he, too, had lost track of the conversation, had no idea what Ceri was talking about. We took up the places we had recently occupied, me on the floor at McCreadys feet, Griff in an armchair opposite. By McCreadys side Rose sat as if mummified, silently transfixed by the Welshmans scowl.
Well? Isnt it? Ceri demanded, first of Rose and then of the rest of us. Am I right?
Heads were turned and nods exchanged, acknowledging the accuracy of his geography but not too sure about the relevance of the statement.
Exactly! The Midlands! Its work, industry, making cars for God knows how many years!
Not quite so much work as there used to be, said Rose sleepily. Industry is dead.
I agreed with her, excusing her emphasis on death, said, Theyre not making as many cars as they used to, either.
Its the Midlands and its real! Ceri insisted, and flashed a warning glance at Griff, the one he blamed for starting the argument. You just stuff the metaphysics and admit Im right!
Its the real world my father would like me to prepare for, Griff conceded, but this wasnt enough for Ceri; the very tone in which it was said suggested that the term needed qualifying. So the argument continued, not exactly one-sided, since there were two voices at odds with each other, but not representative of the opinions which there had to be when it was remembered that there were five of us present in all. No further opinions were forthcoming, however, perhaps because of the lateness of the hour and the wine we had drunk. Beside McCready on the settee Rose had relaxed and was sprawled this way and that, her long legs splayed apart, one arm thrown out along the back of the settee and the other crossed over her breast, like an amputee crucified. McCready himself had leant forward, as if to escape her embrace, and was resting his chin on my head. It was a weary somnolent scene disturbed only by the exchanges between Ceri and Griff.
Balls! said Ceri, in answer to one particular statement I had missed, and I took McCreadys hand in mine to trace a finger across his palm, drawing two cubes.
Whats that? he asked in a whisper.
Balls to Braque, I told him, and we both burst into fits of laughter.
Go on! Laugh! Ceri complained. You can sit there so serious and poker-faced, listening to Griffs crackpot philosophies, but when I ask for a little common sense thats all you can do! Laugh! He waited a moment, in case we wanted to apologise or explain ourselves; then, when it became apparent that he was to be afforded neither courtesy, he turned on me. You havent had much to say for yourself tonight, he observed.
Other than the comment about Braques balls.
I made the coffee, I smiled good naturedly, as if this excused me from taking part in the discussion.
But youre supposed to have some common sense.
Is that because Im a woman? I asked, guessing at one of Ceris particular prejudices, for while the men of his world could be eccentric at any age it seemed that it was only women in their dotage who were permitted to be anything other than level headed. I was damned if I would wait until I was carrier-bagged and wrinkle-stockinged before I was allowed my moments of impulse.
The impulse I then followed drove me to take McCready's face in my hands and give him a long deep kiss. When I returned my smile to Ceri it was even more delighted than before.
See? I challenged him. The woman as artist can be romantic, too.
The fine distinction which was in my use of the word escaped Ceri, though, who could only think of romantic in terms of sex.
Who the fuck brought romance into the argument? he wanted to know.

*
Griffs in love with you. You know that, dont you?
A fine thing for McCready to say, when the two of us had only just finished our nightly bout of copulation -once a night, as if to a prescription, to help him sleep- and I wondered why he felt the need to mention it. Was he contemplating some kinky three-in-a-bed session?
Well not in that bed, not in that room. The bedroom was mine and I had put a great deal of effort into making it so; I had painted over the flowered wallpaper with white emulsion; sanded the furniture of its chipped gloss to leave the lighter cleaner wood beneath, ripped up the cracked linoleum and stained the floorboards; I had even taken a saw to the legs of the bed, which had been too much like a vaulting horse in its original state, a monument to Victorian values.
The room and the bed were mine, and McCreadys, in the low slung hammock of sheets I held him close, said, Youre the only one I want.
I guess this was what he wanted to hear, it was nonsense to think anything else, but still he continued: The way he looks at you sometimes-
I cant say that Ive noticed.
-almost undressing you with his eyes.
Thats the artist in him. Close observation.
That's the lecher in him. Lust.
McCready seemed to derive almost as much pleasure from the conversation as he had from our lovemaking and I suspected that his own fertile mind had excited him as much as my ministrations had. I drew him closer still, held his head to my breast which was how he best liked to sleep.
Poor Griff, he sighed. And: Lucky me.

*
Griff woke to motes of dust etching intricate spirals in the air, rose groggily, perching on the edge of the bed to look around and fix objects with an effort, staring hard to stop his world shifting and quivering. The room was in a mess, not a pleasant sight once it settled, clothes littering the floor, tracing the routes he and Ceri had taken to their beds, underpants and socks and shirts with their arms outstretched like limp crucifixions. More clothes piled on top of the bed in the far corner of the room, a formidable heap, still and sombre like a burial mound, would hide the form of Ceri.
Griff hurled a pillow across the room at the softly breathing heap of clothes.
Is that you? Ceri asked in a low grumble, no part of him seen and his words barely heard.
It might be, Griff pondered. We dont know for sure, do we? Nothing is ever certain.
Its you alright. Piss off and let me sleep.
Sweaty flatulent sounds followed, then a series of belches, and Griff moved before the bedclothes could shift and let the evils smells beneath seep out, gathered up his trousers and sweater and went through to the next room.
This, too, was in a state of disarray, drawings and notebooks strewn across the table in the centre of the room; other sketches, sheets of notes and half realised ideas were tacked to the walls, with comments and elaborations pencilled onto the wallpaper around them. Griff stepped carefully between the debris which covered the floor and gathered the dust, went up and down a shallow staircase of books to the gas ring on the far side of the room. He struck a damp match against a sodden matchbox, once, twice, then jumped back cursing, a hand to his naked groin as the match disintegrated and sent dangerous phosphorescent flares shooting in every direction. He pulled on his trousers and sweater before trying again, finally lit the gas and settled the kettle on top of it. It had been his intention to make a cup of coffee, black, but now he found that there was none; the jars which leant precariously from the shelf above the sink, though labelled Nescafe, were all full of powdered pigments. Tea, then, with a slice of lemon, that would refresh him. He took a teabag from the box, dropped it into the cleanest cup he could find, then curled his fingers around the lemon which sat in the middle of the breadboard. When he picked up the lemon, however, the breadboard came with it.
What the-?
He shook the lemon but the board stayed fast, turned it this way and that and saw that the two had been super-glued together. He threw the lemon to the floor, noting that the board still clung obstinately to it, then turned to that portion of the wall which was devoted to work in progress. There, low down near the floor, next to Ceris ink-blot improvisations, he saw Still Life with Lemon, a not too accurate pencil sketch of what should have been his hangover cure.
Fuck it! Im going into college! he announced, and stamped ill-humouredly down the resonant wooden staircase, slamming the front door behind him.
It was some minutes later that he sees the first silly tree.
He had walked down the High Street, so neat and ordered in the early morning that it looked like an illustration from a children's book or the backdrop to a pantomime. Shops of varied architectural styles glowed rich red and burnt brown in the sun and though the sky was cold, a faded denim colour, the buildings made the most of the light, amplifying what warmth there was and reflecting it to calm the mood and clear the senses.
After walking no more than a hundred yards he had left the High Street behind, had passed the shops and crossed the roundabout by the library; sweeping avenues of semi-detached houses now took him downhill, towards the park which sloped gently to the railway and the city beyond. Here he took a diagonal line across, from corner to corner, aiming for the narrow footbridge which crossed the railway line, following a path worn in the grass where none had been intended, a short cut which many people used. A little to his right but still some distance away was a squat brick building, quite small, with no windows, only one door and no clue as to its purpose. He had always assumed that it was some kind of shed or store to house the tools which the gardeners used around the park, but he could never be certain, he had never seen the door open. Now, as he approached the structure, he saw that vandals had been at work, that someone had sprayed on one wall, in green aerosol paint, the words a silly tree.
Steps on the far side of the bridge took him down to a tree-lined row of estate agents at the end of which, just before the shopping precinct, was a telephone kiosk. This, like the building in the park, had sprayed on its side 'a silly tree'. And there were others...
An electricity sub-station, squat and solid like a strange sentinel, humming out a caution as he approaches... a silly tree.
A post box, standing at the edge of the road as if waiting to cross... a silly tree.
A parking meter... a silly tree.
And many more, each the same, each bearing the emerald green legend... a silly tree.
McCready came to mind.

*
The relationship between Griff and McCready was an awkward one, there was a competitiveness in their friendship which was so subtle that, while one party wasnt even aware of it, the other could be driven by an envy which at times bordered on hatred. At the root of this envy was desire and the suspicion that while he, Griff, knew full well what desire was, McCready never did, never had and never would.
Desire of what?
Of anything!
Desire, in the mind of Griff, was being unable to sleep because there was an object of that desire; desire was frustration, because the object of that desire was elusive, and desire was cunning, because the person tempted by that desire would stop at nothing to satisfy it; desire was many things, none of which he believed occurred to McCready, but most of all it was wanting. McCready would never admit to wanting anything, though there were surely many things that his life lacked he never seemed to make them objects of desire and never expended any energy in trying to attain them; things came to him or they didnt and he was happy enough to accept this, just energetic enough to reach out for anything which came within his grasp but too lazy to stretch.
This is how McCready had found himself with me, not by wanting to be with me and straining to make it so but simply by chancing to be in the right place at the right time. What was especially annoying, to Griff, was that there had not even been any cleverness involved, no question of playing hard to get; McCready had simply been unconcerned, prepared to let things happen, and I had been drawn to him.
Lucky dog!
*
Ahead of Griff the art school loomed. Mounting the first flight of steps, then a second, he turned towards the main entrance and saw McCready at the balcony which jutted out from the second floor common room.
He was waving.
Pillock, Griff grumbled, and refused to return the greeting. Hurrying into the building, signing his name in the register which was at the office counter, he took the stairs two at a time to confront McCready as he was stepping from the balcony into the common room.
It was you, wasnt it?
What was me? asked McCready, walking over to the coffee machine and dropping a coin into the slot.
As Griff glowered he wondered what anyone could find attractive in McCready. He was so skinny, he had wrists as brittle as parched twigs and knees like knots in pieces of string; his nose was too big, he had a wispy beard which ran along a narrow fertile line around his jaw and his hair was already beginning to thin at the front.
Youre the stupid bugger who's been spraying silly tree all over town, arent you? Admit it.
McCready turned with a smile, a cup of coffee in his hand. But Im an artist, Griff, not a vandal. What youre accusing me of would be criminal, not allowed, an up-before-the-magistrates job.
It didnt stop you, though, did it? Griff sat, slumping heavily into one of the common room chairs. From his manner it might have been thought that they were all his, the post boxes and lamp standards and telephone kiosks he had seen sprayed with green paint, but it wasnt the vandalism which had him annoyed, but the idea, the fact that it was McCreadys idea and the possibility -the very great possibility- that it might be greeted favourably in some quarters of the college. It was you, wasnt it? he asked again.
Still grinning, McCready walked over to the window. You go back a thousand years or so, Griff, and thered be nothing out there but trees, silly things if youre innocent enough to see them that way, all fluffy at the top and gnarled at the bottom, but nonetheless tress as we know them. Now weve got all those other things springing up out of our concrete oasis and they're even sillier things. He turned. You see my point?
The point was further emphasised by the trees which McCready had recently erected on the college lawn, not trees at all but three foot high fibreglass cones, painted brown at the pointed and green at the blunt end, only trees in as much that McCready had said they were, his assertion given confirmation by his quote from Magritte that any shape whatever may replace the image of an object.
Youre out of your bloody mind, said Griff. Off your trolley. Insane.
McCready gave a shrug of the shoulders. But whos to say whos sane and who isn't? Theres always that to consider, isnt there?
Griff scowled and stamped off, takes the lift to the fifth floor, had barely begun working when McCready appeared again. He disappeared into the den which he had presently commandeered from me, came out again within seconds lugging a large canvas sack after him. 
Give us a hand, Griff, help me lower this down to the lawn, he asked, dragging the sack to an open window and tying a length of nylon climbing rope to its neck.
Cant you just carry it down? said Griff, impatient to get on with his work.
It weighs a ton. Come on, it wont take us a minute.
Griff went over, took hold of the rope with McCready and helped lower the bag out of the window.
Whats inside? he asked.
Letters.
Post office letters? Griff wondered, for like me he had come across such faded red sacks before, had felt their weight bite into his shoulder on cold early mornings before Christmas.
No. Hardboard letters.
Ah, Griff nodded, as if he understood.
They lowered the rope foot by foot until it suddenly went slack.
McCready swore. Shit. The bloody thing must be caught on a ledge.
Apparently. Judging by the amount of rope that remained coiled at their feet the sack was still some way from the ground. They pulled in two or three feet of rope, straining again against the weight of the sack.
Right. Now drop it, said McCready.
Drop it?
Drop it. It cant have far to fall.
The rope was released and they watched it snake swiftly out of the window, then heard the faint tinkle of glass, not very loud, perhaps three floors below.
Shit! A window!
Probably, Griff agreed. I dont recall there ever being a greenhouse down there on the front lawn.
McCready cursed Griff, not appreciating the humour of the situation, and hurriedly bundled the rest of the rope out of the window. He moved away, more worried about the loss of the letters than he was about any damage which might have been done. Griff, for his part, was secretly quite pleased by the turn of events and returned to his own work with renewed enthusiasm; whatever the idea might have been behind the letters in the sack, it was one which would not now come to fruition, one at least which would not be met with the crackpot approval of anyone in college.

*
That evening in the canteen McCready was too anxious to eat the food before him, so Ceri and Griff shared it between them.
Its still not there, he said, ducking his head in from the window. The bag still isnt there.
Well it wont be, will it? said Ceri, thoughtfully sucking on a chicken bone. No, I think we can safely assume that its going to be held until someone claims it and accepts responsibility for the damage. He laughed. A tidy little sum thats going to be, too, the cost of replacing the window.
McCready found little comfort in his words; he turned to me, but I could offer him none.
Cheer up, said Griff, enjoying his agitation. You can always cut out some more letters, cant you?
Of course he cant, Ceri pointed out. If he does then theyll know who broke the window.
Ah. Yes.
McCready sighed and swore, asked if none of us could come up with a sensible answer to his predicament. Though fingers scratched chins and stroked jaws the obvious gestures did nothing to appease him. Griff stared out at the sunset, as if the answer might be written out by the semaphore clouds or the birds on the telephone wires; Ceri faced the other way, looking in the direction of the canteen entrance; I held McCreadys hand in mine, patting it as I would that of a sick child or an ageing parent.
It was Ceri who finally offered a solution of sorts.
Why don't you just walk up to him, apologise profusely and take the bag from him?
Walk up to him? Walk up to who?
Ceri grinned. Teacher. Hes just stepped through the door, looking like Santa Claus with a big red sack slung over his shoulder.
Groaning, McCready covered his face and through his interlaced fingers saw the bulky figure of the Principal make its laboured way across the room, the sack swaying as he struggled with it and bruising the shoulders of the diners he passed. Coming to rest at last his sweating face was almost the colour of the ginger shock of hair which covered his head, cheeks and chin. His mouth could barely be seen to move behind the whiskers as he spoke.
Bonjour, mes enfants, he beamed.
Afternoon, Teach.
How goes it, boss?
I said hello, too, and there was just one greeting missing; McCready could sense Teachers eyes on him.
Et voila, McCready. Votre lettres.
Huh? said McCready, taking his hands from his eyes.
Votre lettres, Mac. French letters!
Laughing, dropping the sack noisily to the floor, Teacher sat down, mopping sweat from his brow and flicking it away to land in someones soup.
Letters, Teach?
And bloody heavy they are, too, Teacher complained, not taken in by the wide-eyed look of innocence. I must say, they scared the shit out of poor Edith Billington when they plummeted through her window.
Not hurt, was she? I asked, faking concern to try to shift the Principals attention from McCready.
No. Just shaken a bit. Bloody hell its rich, though! She was preparing a lecture on Jean Tinguely and auto-destructive sculpture at the time!
We laughed when he laughed, then accepted his offer of coffee.
Joan! he bellowed. Let's have five coffees, theres a love!
Righto! came the reply from the kitchen, and while we waited Teacher professed an interest in what McCready intended to do with the letters.
Id rather not say just yet, Teach.
The Principal nodded. And quite right, too. There are too many bloody plagiarists in this place.
Joan came from the kitchen and crossed to our table. As she was about to set down the five cups of coffee, though, smiling at Teacher, she saw Ceri and her face turned to thunder.
You-!
The canteen was Joans life, the object of such pride that when all was well with it she would sit back, her bosom supported on her folded arms and her chins resting one on top of the other, and smile in appreciation of the polished surfaces of the ordered tables, in admiration of the glistening cutlery and the unblemished stainless steel of the serving area which gave such perfect reflections. If all was not well, though, if there was the slightest stain to tarnish the clinical neatness of her realm, then those parts of her body which relied on each other for support became flashing pendulous things, swinging dangerously as she scrubbed and scoured at every offensive mark.
Those pendulous parts now trembled with anger and disgust as she set eyes on Ceri.
You were sick in my refectory! she reminded him. Mr Teacher, this boy threw up in my kitchen!
Ceri shrugged; he didnt remember, he was quite pissed at the time.
Really, Joan? said Teacher. Well Im sure he doesnt blame you.
This was not the response the canteen manageress had expected. But-
It could have been anything, a pint of milk gone off, a tainted tin of meat. Dont you fret about it.
But he- Joan began again, but then thought better of pursuing the subject, walked away muttering to herself.
Poor woman. Far too worrying. Now, does anyone care for some of Teachers Teachers to perk up this slop she calls coffee?
We held out our chipped white cups and Teacher took his flask from his pocket, splashed a generous measure in each.
Cheers, we saluted, as he downed his in one gulp. The coffee was lukewarm, as usual, but he smacked his lips around the taste of the whisky, then seemed to smile -the twitching of the whiskers suggested as much- as he got to his feet.
Anyway, McCready, when the bill for the window comes along do your best to pay it, theres a good lad, he said, and went off chuckling, slapping backs and stealing chips as he passed, sauntering along like everyones best friend.


Chapter Four

Please, Mr Grundy, not so hard! the young girl Karen protested, as the tutor scrubbed vigorously at her nipple with a coarse hog-hair brush which flashed like a sword, a titanium white blur. It might have been her actual breast that was being assaulted, rather than its image on canvas, as she begged, Please, not so rough!
Elongated like an El Greco saint, hunched over the painting and peering at it closely with sunken eyes, Walter heard nothing other than the excited thumping of his own heart. The girl is one of those sweet young creatures from the foundation course, the sort he always preferred, fresh from a convent or boarding school and so easily impressed, so totally accommodating. She had been flattered at being asked to pose, and an ideal model for Walter, with hardly any breasts at all. He paused to consider his progress, hollowed out his cheeks as he sucked on the end of the brush then tickled the moist strawberry nipple of the flat-chested girl with the tip of a sable. The soft give of the canvas fired him and he switched again to the larger coarser brush, struck out so wildly that the painting shook on its easel.
The girl spoke his name softly, almost with intimacy, in awe of his creative fervour. When he failed to respond she slipped from her stool and padded naked towards him. Her bare feet on the tiled floor were quiet, he was unaware that his subject had moved until the next broad sweep of his arm brought the brush slashing across her breast, the genuine article this time.
Now look what youve done, she said, like a mother scolding a child, and standing beside him, her hip against the rough tweed of his shoulder, she leaned across him to pick up a cloth. She rubbed it against her body, smearing the paint around to give a chiaroscuro shadow which made her breast seem larger than it was.
Its McCready whos got you so worked up, isnt it? she said, hoping to be contradicted, hoping to be told that it was the sight of her naked body which had him inspired to fever pitch.
He admitted nothing, but she was right, it was McCready who had him rattled. She sighed and rested against him, fighting an impulse to curl a comforting arm around his shoulder.
Those letters hes got scattered across the front lawn, she said. What are they all about? I mean, I know what they say, but what do they mean?
What they said was This was green, this is yellow, in twelve inch hardboard type. What they actually meant was another matter altogether and open to interpretation. McCready claimed that the simple sentence constituted a complex art work, conceived and begun by him but left to nature to complete and bring to fruition. The sun would shine down, weather permitting, and the grass beneath the hardboard letters would lose its colour, fade. Then, when McCready made a triumphant reappearance and removed the letters the message would be there on the lawn itself for all to see: This was green, this is yellow.
But what did it mean? What did it say?
That nature imitated art?
And was it? Art?
Walter seethed at the effrontery of it all and his hand shook visibly as he clenched his paintbrush.
Karen tutted and gave a soft laugh, said, Just look at me. Im a painted lady.
Walter looked, was aware for the first time of the paint he had smeared across her body and took the cloth from her to help clean it away.
And Ill stink of oil, she added, moving her pancake breast a little closer to his face. Who knew what was in the childs mind, what her next move might have been if Ron hadnt come barging into the room.
Mr Grundy! Mr Grundy! the cleaner cried, caught his breath momentarily at the sight of the naked girl who was almost in the lap of the tutor but was too excited by other matters to hold his silence for long. Mr Grundy! He has got a chicken down there in the studio! Ive heard it just now!
Then go tell the Principal, said Walter, bundling Karen away from him.
I cant find him, Mr Grundy. Hes nowhere to be seen.
Teacher had, in fact, hidden himself away in Roses sensory deprivation centre once again, but this was know only to a few people.
Mr Goode, then, Walter suggested.
Hes still on paternity leave, the cleaner reminded him.
Of course. Which was why there were so many paintings to be found in the studio, studies from the naked model and from still life.
Very well then, come on, Walter sighed, and led the way from his room, down the narrow staircase to the painting studio.
They marched into the studio, Walter tall and thin and piping like a reed, Ron shuffling along at his side, coughing and wheezing as he struggled to keep up.
Down at the end, Mr Grundy, said Ron. Thats where he is.
Alright, Ron. Lets see.
They hurried down the studio like a double act late for a show. Griff, working on his painting of Pam, was so intrigued by their urgency that he dropped his brush into a jar of turps, pulled a chair into the centre of the room and sat down to watch. Pam shared the seat with him, a gown wrapped around her for the sake of decency.
Walter and Ron came to a halt outside my den.
McCready! cried Walter. Come out of there!
Cluck cluck, was the faint reply.
There you are! said Ron exultantly, and jumped up and down in delight, his brown overalls flapping excitedly. I told you he had a chicken in there! I told you!
Okay, Ron, calm down. Walter patted Ron on the shoulder, then shouted at the den. McCready! Youve got a chicken in there, havent you?
No! McCready shouted back.
He has! He's a bloody liar!
Walter told Ron to be quiet, then shouted out his accusation a second time.
A second time McCready professed his innocence.
So come out and lets see! Walter challenged.
No!
Then Im coming in!
There was a pause, a moment of deliberation, then McCready said, Dont! Im coming out!
Walter and Ron smiled at each other as they listened to the rustlings from inside the den.
Thats a chicken if ever I heard one, Mr Grundy.
No, Ron, thats McCready.
McCready emerged, blinking in the daylight, grinning at Walter and scowling at Ron. I cant spare much time, Walter. Im very busy.
Arent we all? said Walter, thinking of young Karen waiting for him upstairs, and gestured to Ron beside him. He reckons youve got a chicken in that den of yours.
A chicken? Thats silly.
So whats clucking, then?
Clucking, Walter?
Clucking. A crazy staccato chatter. Cluckcluckcluckcluck.
There was a sudden flurry of activity behind McCready and the black polythene of the den was forced outwards, stretching first and then tearing. Ron yelled triumphantly as a chicken squeezed through the ever-growing hole.
Dont just stand there! Grab the fucking thing! McCready yelled.
Walter and Ron broke into a comical jig, trying to escape the hungry beak which pecked at the floor, and Griff and his model applauded as McCready threw himself to the ground, grabbing the chicken by a leg and fighting to get it under control while its screeches echoed about the studio.
There, there, he said, smoothing the birds ruffled feathers.
I said all along he had a chicken in there, Ron gloated.
Piss off! McCready cursed, thrusting the chicken towards Rons face, and the cleaner leapt back, away from the claws which lashed out.
Alright, Ron, you can go now, said Walter. Ill handle this.
Gratefully Ron moved away, muttering as he walked down the studio: I knew he had a chicken in there. I bloody knew it.
McCready cursed him loudly, Griff congratulated him for shopping McCready, but he was unaffected by either; he just tossed his head and continued on his way.
Right, McCready, said Walter.
Yes, Walter?
The chicken. It cant stay.
McCready hugged the bird to his chest. But it has to. Its my life model.
Dont be stupid, McCready. It cant be.
Why not? Its live, isnt it?
Youre supposed to be working from a life model, a naked homo erectus, not a live model, a chicken or whatever other creature might take your fancy.
Now youre just quibbling, Walter, McCready smiled. Splitting hairs. Or feathers.
Walter patiently pointed out the impracticality of using a chicken as a life model, dwelt on the difficulties of keeping livestock in the painting studio, the cruelty done to the creature by confining it in the dark claustrophobic atmosphere of my black polythene den. McCready nodded, accepting the relevance of each point, apparently swayed by the tutors arguments.
So? said Walter hopefully.
So we need to make it more comfortable up here, give it a healthier environment.
Bloody hell, McCready! Be reasonable! Walter pleaded, his hands clenched tightly at his side to contain his frustration.
No, Walter, you be reasonable. If you want me working from life then I will, but I choose the subject. The alternative is for me to go back to the old ways, Barneys ways, painting is a redundant activity and all that guff. Which would you rather see, Walter, paintings around the studio or sheaves of notes arguing against them?
Walter needed his acolytes, he needed students working his way to justify the salary he received.
Paintings, he admitted. Even paintings of chickens. You have to keep the thing under control, though, he warned, if only to pacify Ron and keep him off my back.
Right, McCready agreed, nuzzling the bird to his chest, assuring it that everything would be fine. I could build a hutch for it, or whatever it is that chickens are kept in. What do you keep chickens in, Walter?
Walter shrugged, impatient to get back to his study. Search me.
Ill need your help with it, of course, McCready added.
My help? Im senior lecturer in fine art, McCready, not the bloody odd job man. Get the timber from sculpture and do it yourself.
But Jim wont give me any. Youll have to persuade him for me.
Come on, Walter sighed.
McCready secured the chicken and the two of them took the lift downstairs to the basement, where they had to pinch their nostrils against the smoke and dust as they entered the sculpture studio. It was an inferno of a place when busy, noisy with saws and electric drills, dangerously bright with the sparks from welding torches. Stepping carefully over lengths of timber and scraps of metal, they went to Jims office.
When they entered Jim was seated on his camp bed, pulling on a pair of socks.
Surely not just getting up? McCready joked. Its almost midday, Jim.
A nervous man, pale faced and timid because of the sheltered gloom of his chosen habitat, Jim was the type to blink anxiously when confronted by daylight or caught unawares. He started when McCready spoke.
Oh, its you, he said, pushing his feet into a tattered pair of slippers. And no, smart arse, I havent just got up. If you must know Ive been over to the polytechnics sports centre for a shower. He hitched his trousers more comfortably about his waist, asked suspiciously, What do you want?
McCready looked about the office, taking in the wardrobe, the prints which decorated the walls, the Calor Gas cooker in one corner. I must say, Jim, youve got the place done up quite nicely now. It looks more like a home from home every time I come down here.
Cut the bullshit, McCready. What do you want?
He needs some timber, Walter intervened, wanting to be done with the affair and get back upstairs to his painting.
Jim shook his head. No chance, Walter. Hes had enough off me already this term. The materials down here are for sculpture.
Theyre for fine art, they come from the common requisition, Walter pointed out.
Its for my chicken hutch, McCready explained.
For a piece of sculpture, Walter corrected him.
Come on, Jim, just a little bit of wood, McCready begged.
And how much is a little, McCready?
Oh, about a hundred and twenty five feet of timber.
A hundred and-!
And the chicken wire to cover it.
Walter gasped as Jim did, his as much an expression of exasperation as of surprise.
It must be a fucking big chicken, Jim blinked.
Its for a piece of sculpture, Walter continued to insist.
Of a monumental kind, McCready smiled, and with all the ambition of a Frank Lloyd Wright explained that the construction will be seven feet high, seven feet wide and twelve feet long, large enough for everything to be moved in there; himself, his work, the chicken, everything.

*
Rose wondered if McCready might be leaving. Passing on was the particular phrase she used, more dramatic than moving on, as if he might be suffering from something more terminal than a love for me or an innocent eccentricity.
I understood her meaning, though.
Rose was in the canteen, though the serving bay has closed, because Teacher had once again sought refuge in her black box; I was there having a late lunch of Joans congealed leftovers, late because I had been waiting for McCready to collect me. A cold lager and a sandwich were what hed promised me; a lukewarm cup of tea and beans and toast what I got. He, of course, had been all the while in the sculpture studio with Jim, negotiating for materials for the construction of his new den. Rose had overheard his plans.
He says hes moving everything in there, himself and his work.
I'm sure hell come back to me in the evenings, I smiled. Looking around I noticed Joan staring hard at me from her post by the kitchen, didnt know if this was to make sure I cleaned my plate or if she was simply impatient to see us gone. Rose and I were the last two in the canteen.
And he really does have a chicken up there in the studio, Rose added.
I guessed he had, I said, for though McCready and I kept no secrets from each other he had never openly admitted to the existence of the creature; pressed, he would tell no lies but leave much teasingly unsaid.
Weird, Rose remarked.
You can say that? I marvelled.
What do you mean?
Rose lifted the veil from her face, peered at me through heavy mascara eyes which seemed deep and remote. We all had our eccentricities, I supposed, but they were so much a part of us that we took them for granted and failed to recognise them as such. McCreadys use of a chicken as a life model was no stranger than Roses predilection for the morbid and insensate; it was a Scapegoat of the modern age, except that I doubted McCready would ever paint his subject with quite the same attention to detail as Holman Hunt.
Rose wore an expression of earnest conviction, comfortable with her own version of sanity, and it was perhaps in order to question my sanity that she asked, not for the first time, what I saw in McCready.
What could I say to someone who would seem to prefer her men as still and inert as cadavers? A passionate spirit and a vibrant mind would not recommend McCready to Rose. I remembered the sensitive art students I had pictured before I came to college, less coarse than the wham-bam boys I had known back home.
Hes sensitive, I said, though this was not quite accurate, for what Id first taken to be sensitivity actually proved to be shyness.
McCready sensitive? In some ways, I supposed, but as I worked through that afternoon I grew increasingly annoyed with him, casting frequent glances to the door in the expectation that he would arrive late for our lunch-date, come with his excuses if not an apology. By late afternoon my temper had me too distracted to continue, I packed away my things and went to search him out.
My first thought on entering the painting studio was that Walter had made great strides in his move for the advancement of life-drawing. The clucking of McCreadys chicken apart, and the pungent perfume of Ceris two tramps, the profusion of naked breasts bore witness to the traditionalists success. They seemed to be flashing everywhere, some to be envied for the beauty of their form, others pitied for their scrawniness. But the dizzying blurs of flesh had me confused for a moment. Vorticism, was it? The Italian Futurists? Umberto Boccioni catching his models in motion? Then I saw that no one was attempting to catch the scene on canvas or paper, that those students who were present were all sitting back to be entertained, no more involved in events than a theatre audience.
I ignored McCready for the moment -the way he cradled the chicken in his lap, I was prepared to let him cuddle the creature all the way to bed- skirted the naked melee to ask Griff what was happening.
Its Pam and Karen-
Only the two of them, I saw that now, as the fuller woman caught the other by the hair and held her still.
-my model and Walters, he said wearily, the only one of the audience not enjoying the drama.
Steal my work, will you? Pam was snarling.
Mr Grundy asked for me, Karen protested. He chose me.
A question of job demarcation, Griff explained to me. Is there a tribunal Pam can go to? Do life models have a union?
The thin girl wore a robe which hangs loose at the front, her flat breasts were like fried eggs topped with raspberries and one was smeared with paint. Pam was the more warlike of the two, though, her face was livid and her firm full breasts quivered with rage as she tightened her grip on her victim.
Im the college model! I get paid for it and Im not having a little slip like you cheat me out of work!
But-! Karen began, then squealed with pain as her hair was twisted like a tourniquet at her throat.
Walter entered the studio, drawn by the noise, hesitated just long enough for Pam to catch sight of him.
You! she growled, casting aside Karen and stalking slowly towards him like a cat.
She had a magnificent body, there was no denying that, and I look on as open-mouthed as the rest. And all McCready could do is cuddle that stupid bloody bird in his lap!
I asked Karen to pose for me, Walter told Pam.
But Im the model! Its my living! My livelihood!
I cant use you, Pam, youre too-
Walter looks at her breasts jutting towards him like weapons, barely containing a grimace, as if he was repulsed by them.
Yes? Pam demanded.
I-
He cant use you cause youre tits are too big, someone sang out.
Pam turned and glared, rounded on Walter again shouting something about his perversions and her rights.
Griff sidled up beside me. Fancy coming for a drink? he asked, accepting that there would be no more work done that day.
I nodded, looked over to McCready; he was too engrossed with his chicken to take much notice, so I left him to his own devices, knowing that he would find me when he wanted me. When he was in such a distracted mood -of course it wasnt the chicken that had him preoccupied- it was generally best to let him be. On this occasion, though, I might have been wiser to speak to him, to draw him out of his mood before it became too deep.

*
It was more than an hour before McCready caught up with me, in the bar of the students union, and with the exception of Griff and I the party he found assembled were mainly graphics people, friends I had made in the design department. When he joined us there was a noisy discussion in progress about their latest brief, a make-believe piece of advertising, and it was plain that the majority of them were dissatisfied with it. There were times when their work could be boring, and this particular project was especially tedious for them, it brings home to them the realisation that the situations they were faced with were so contrived, in no way relevant to the tasks which would face them after college.
Narrow, regimented and lacking imagination, was how one of the design students now described their course.
Were given no chance to be creative, another lamented. Its design this, project that, promote the other.
McCreadys the lucky one, said one of the group, seeing him approach, a voice rising above the discontented murmurs of the others, and by the envious look which was cast McCreadys way he knew -as did I and Griff- exactly what was coming next. Hes got so much freedom to do what he wants.
Right. We slog away to please others while McCready and his kind just please themselves.
The thumb jerked in the direction of his kind was probably what annoyed McCready most of all; it was even more irritating than the naive complaints he heard. Still, there was no need for him to react the way he did. Griff, another of his kind, had the tact to remain silent, so why not McCready?
But thats what youre here for, for fucks sake! he says, showering them all with spittle. Youre boring inconsequential people learning how to satisfy the boring inconsequential demands of other boring inconsequential people!
I shot him a quick glance, a scowl which told him that he would have done better to keep quiet, and the conversation died like a weak and tired old man.
McCready sulked off to the bar.
Why did you say that? I asked, following close on his heels.
Because theyre acting like bloody primadonnas. I mean, surely they couldnt have been so stupid that they didnt know what graphic design is all about when they came here, so why are they getting so uptight?
Thats still no reason to speak to them like that. Theyre my friends.
He said nothing more when we rejoined the company, at least nothing which could be misconstrued or cause offence; he just sat and listened and kept his hand in mine. He never spoke up when the purpose of graphic design was applauded; he made no comment when fine art was said to be self-indulgent and its students described as gratuitous wankers; he didnt even complain when I invited people back to the flat for a drink, merely came along dutifully, his hand still clasping mine.
At the flat, while I opened the wine we bought on the way, McCready was despatched to the bedroom to set the records turning. Music carried through to the living room, where it seemed that the world and his brother had congregated, to the extension speakers which he had connected to an old record deck to fake a quadrophonic sound.
He knelt on the floor and watched the turntable spin, was still there when I came looking for him.
McCready? I said.
You know, you really have to look hard to remind yourself that theres only one groove, he said, to remind yourself that the stylus will track along until it reaches the end.
Yes?
Yes. Its important, dont you see? A quick glance or an unpractised eye and you could easily think that theres more than one, that the grooves are so many that theyre impossible to count. It would be a lot easier if the groove was extended in a straight line, more easily understood if it could be seen this way, rather than going around and around in ever decreasing circles.
I imagine so.
Thats me, he smiled up at me, going around in circles, never knowing if the circles are diminishing or if theres an end in sight.
'Then forget the old vinyl and let's switch to CDs, I said.
He returned my uncertain smile, rose and walked with me, back into the living room. I thought this was the extent of his mood, the limit of his deliberations, but they had obviously led him further than I could have suspected, for he scrutinised the people who babbled and laughed and drank, looking hard at them as if he could make no sense of the scene.
Then he shouted, above the music and the general hubbub, So these are your friends, are they? Christ! What a bunch of shits!
The outburst was deserving of a punch in the mouth, and perhaps this was what he was hoping for, thinking that pain might make everything more tangible. As it was, no one made a move towards him, he walked across to the window and gazed out, his back to everyone. I looked from face to face, an apology in my eyes, and people started to file from the room; I went to the door with them, wishing each one a sorry goodnight.
Act like that and the poor girl will have no friends at all, Griff said, popping his head back around the door.
McCready picked up the nearest thing to hand, a bottle of washing-up liquid, and hurled it. Luckily the bottle was plastic, it didnt break, but the force of the impact sent greasy green smears across the wall.
The room was then empty, McCready sat before the fire, I squatted beside him and asked what was wrong; I wanted to understand, rather than argue.
He shrugged. I dont know. It sometimes seems like Im asking so many questions and not getting any answers.
What questions?
Thats just it, I dont even know what the fucking questions are.
Nothing was ever simple for McCready. I ventured the suggestion that he might be trying too hard to be a genius.
And whats wrong with that? he asked, not even giving any consideration to whether or not my diagnosis might be accurate.
Well Id rather be normal and happy than a genius and miserable, I said.
Yes, and Id rather be a genius and miserable than normal and miserable.

*
It was fifteen minutes later that there was a tentative tap on Griff's door. He opened it to find me standing there. It must have been obvious to him that Id been crying.
Whats wrong with him? I asked, as Griff led me into the room and sat me on the settee beside him.
McCready? He must be a little drunker than we thought.
No, its more than that.
Whats his excuse?
He says hes generally pissed off, says hes asking so many questions and not getting any answers.
What questions?
I laughed and sniffed back the tears, a tissue to my face. Thats just it, he says he doesnt even know what the questions are. Hows he going to be able to come up with any answers if he doesnt even know what the questions are?
Existential anguish? said Griff, without sympathy.
I told him he was trying too hard to be a genius, racking his brains for ideas. I said Id rather be happy and normal than a genius and miserable.
And what did he answer to that?
That hed rather be a genius and miserable than normal and miserable. I was laughing still, even as the tears flowed, and it annoyed Griff to sense that there might be any fondness in my mood. Is that how he is with me? I asked. Miserable? Is that all I can do for him, make him miserable?
No, of course not, Griff reassured me. Hes just in one of his awkward moods. Ignore him. How about some coffee? he asked, getting to his feet, but I shook my head. Come on, I promise you its alright, he said. I washed all the cups myself this morning.
I laughed a little more brightly at this, agreed to a cup, held back my tears and dried my eyes. As Griff set the kettle on the gas I asked, Is Ceri not back yet?
No, and it doesnt look as though he will be now. If hes boozing hell probably kip on the nearest couch he can find. Griff turned, a bottle of milk in his hand. White, with sugar?
Make it black, I said. I think Im feeling as tipsy as McCreadys pretending to be.
Griff returned to the settee with the coffees, sat beside me again. Have all the tears gone now? he asked.
I think so. I was a little embarrassed by my behaviour, said, Im sorry, Griff. Its the first time hes ever made me react like that.
Thats alright. Just make sure you dont let him do it to you again. You dont deserve it.
If only I knew what to do, how to help, I said, sipping at the hot black coffee.
The best thing you can do for the moment is keep out of his way. In fact I think youd be better sleeping down here tonight.
I shook my head. No, theres no need for that. Ill just finish my coffee and go.
But youre tired, I can see it in your eyes, and McCready is pissed off or in  a mood or whatever. Do you really want to go back upstairs and risk another one of his tantrums?
He wouldnt hurt me.
I should hope not. You can do without his moods, though.
I suppose so.
Of course you can. Itll be better all round if you let him sleep it off, whatever it is thats plaguing him. Itll teach him a lesson. Its obvious Ceri wont be back tonight so you can use the bedroom. Have my bed, I wouldnt ask you to use his cess-pit, and I promise you the sheets are clean.
My eyes were still moist, they made my smile sparkle. If youre sure, if its no bother.
No bother at all. Go on, off to bed with you. If theres anything you need Ill be here on the settee.
Waiting.

Chapter Five

Griff cared for me, or would do if given the opportunity; he would certainly claim to feel more for me than McCready appeared to do. The outburst of the night before, petulance in the guise of creative anguish, only confirmed what Griff had always believed, that McCready was selfish and unfeeling. The sad thing would be that I continued to suffer this. Already the tears had gone, I had woken bright and cheerful and gone directly upstairs to make my peace. The anger was left to Griff, then, a bitter confusion of it which left him too unsettled for any work.
The debilitating creative fatigue which fell upon him drove him all about college, from room to room and nook to cranny, and his last resort in this search for a haven of peace was the library. Immediately on entering he could sense the calm, a serenity which might allow him to think or not think, whichever way the mood took him. He  stepped lightly across the carpeted floor, weaving between the enamelled steel bookshelves from which the names leap out at him: Sartre and Strawson, Gombrich and Greenberg, Marcuse and McLuhan. Fuck them! In the mood he was in it had to be Harold Robbins or nothing for Griff, there was just too much of the aesthetics and the abstract considerations about, the rows of books pulsated with erudite questions and unfathomable answers and he wanted to be rid of them for a while.
At one table, almost hidden behind a mound of books, Edith Billington, one of the art history tutors, beckoned to him. He ignored her, determined not to be distracted, and walks on.
An astonishing insight into Artauds madness, he heard her say as he climbed the stairs to the upper gallery, her voice soft like a prayer, quivering with respect for the dearly departed.
Silly cow! Why study the madness of the past when it was there all around them?
Study cubicles lined one wall of the gallery and most of these were occupied; pens scratched paper, heads were thoughtfully cupped in cramped hands and the sight of it all sent Griff reeling. He crossed to the opposite wall, this one all glass, and was confronted by a panoramic view of the city. Opening a window he lit a cigarette and blew smoke out into the fresh air so as not to upset the librarian. He looked down at the ground, three floors below.
Thats no way out, Griff, said a gruff voice.
He turned around and saw Teacher, the mans bulk bearing down heavily on one of the easy chairs, a glossy art journal like a crumpled comic in his lap. His face was a deep red, though the room was cool, the usual unruly shock of fiery red hair flared about his head.
I wasnt thinking of jumping, Griff told him. Just taking another look at the world.
Well dont look too hard, mon ami. This world of ours doesnt suffer close scrutiny.
Aiming at the winking lights of a distant aircraft Griff flicked his cigarette away; of course it never reached, he watched it go tumbling and spiralling to the ground and then sat opposite Teacher, low in the seat, his hands deep in his pockets.
Its a bastard of a thing at times, isnt it? he said, though it was not so much the world that had him troubled as some of the people in it.
Ah! Sounds like youre in just the right mood to join me in a drink, said Teacher, taking his hip flask from his pocket and passing it across the low table which separated them.
Griff felt the leather sides of the flask between his fingers, wondered if this was the way an art student was expected to behave, systematically evacuating the senses as all good bohemians do. No, he decided, he will have a drink because he wanted to, not because it was expected of him, took a mouthful of whisky and placed the flask back on the table, as solid and erect as a challenge.
Arent you going to ask me whats wrong? he said, after a lengthy silence.
Teacher shook his head. Youre probably bored or pissed off or confused. It happens all the time.
It does?
Indeed.
So how should I respond?
Cry if you want to, its allowed. The young man who has not wept is a savage, the old man who will not laugh is a fool. Thats Santayana, if I remember correctly. Teacher chuckled. And here we sit, you young and weeping, me old and laughing, neither of us savage or foolish, so things cant be too bad with the pair of us. Have another drink.
Griff took a second sip, then asked, Have you seen McCreadys letters on the front lawn?
That I have! said Teacher, breaking into a laughter which was loud enough to be out of place in the surroundings. A good idea!
Christ, Teach, not you as well, said Griff, disappointed. He was becoming heartily sick of McCreadys ideas, his sense of values or aesthetics or whatever upset by the frequent favourable responses they received.
Theyre good ideas, the Principal repeated, then added, but thats all they are. Art is about something more than ideas, remember; its also about craft and skill and emotion. You produce a genuine work of art and itll last. McCreadys ideas will be forgotten by next term.
As Griff was assimilating this, searching for some consolation in Teachers words, the library doors swing open and a tall thin figure entered, balding head, corduroy jacket, his high-pitched voice echoing shrilly as he asked the librarian if the principal was around.
Oh shit, Teacher moaned. Walter.
He tried to shrink, to become a part of the chair, but his bulk was too easily seen, the librarian had already pointed him out. Walters long stride quickly took him up the stairs and brought him face to face with Teacher.
Not now, Teacher told him. Go away, Walter.
Its Barney- Walter began.
Funny, I could have sworn it was Walter, Teacher smiled at Griff.
-I hear hes due back from his leave of absence.
So?
I just cant work with him anymore.
Then resign.
Something has to be done about him.
Ask him to resign?
For Gods sake cant you be serious for once?
Before Teacher could caution Walter over the irreverent outburst his name was called out again -Mr Teacher! Mr Teacher!- and Ron came running up the stairs, using his broom quite adroitly to speed him along.
Oh merde, Teacher sighed.
Mr Teacher! Mr Teacher!
Yes, Ron, what is it? he asked, handing his flask across to the cleaner.
Its about all that stuff in the studio, Ron gurgled, becoming accustomed to the invitation to drink whenever he confronted the Principal.
The paintings? Yes, I have to admit that some of them arent up to much.
Ron moved his broom back and forth on the floor before him with one hand, raised the flask to his mouth again with the other. Well, its not so much the paintings, Mr Teacher, as all those cubicles and things, especially that big chicken coop of McCreadys. I cant manage. Theyve got to go.
The students all need a place to work in, Teacher explained. They need a bit of privacy and seclusion.
But it makes it difficult for me, Ron complained. To sweep up, like.
I appreciate that, Ron, but Im sure youll be able to cope.
Well I cant! Ron insisted, banging his broom down hard. I cant!
Ill see what I can do for you, then, Teacher said, preferring to placate the man rather than argue the point.
And another thing, said Ron, drinking again and then setting the flask down on the table.
Shite! What now?
That chickens still making an awful mess.
Walter. Will you see to it?
Its nothing to do with me.
See to it! Teacher insisted, and the senior lecturer stamped off unhappily, the cleaner moving unsteadily at his side.
When they had gone Teacher picked up his flask from the table, then shakes it.
Well Ill be damned, he said. That greedy little cochon has guzzled the lot again. Hes turning into a dipsomaniac, that man.
Teacher rose from his seat, crossed the floor and spoke into a telephone extension which hung on the wall; he was smiling when he returned but Griff didnt ask why, just looked into the beaming face and felt the glowing grin reflected in his own. Within minutes more footsteps were heard on the stairs, the sound of delicately slim heels this time, and the head of Teachers secretary bobbed into view, swivelling around on its elegant neck to search him out. Moving towards them, on dancers legs through drunken dreams, she placed a plastic carrier bag on the table.
Here you are, she said disapprovingly, and I hope you know what youre doing.
Im the boss, arent I? said Teacher, taking a fresh bottle of whisky from the bag. I ought to know what Im doing.
The young woman sniffed and tossed her head, her hair flowing fragrantly behind her as she did so. Griff also sniffed, taking in her perfume as she walked away.
Nice, he commented.
No shes not, Teacher told him. Shes a snooty young bitch and shell have to go. She should never have come to an institution like this in the first place. She doesnt fit in.
The same might be said for a lot of us.
They drank from the new bottle of whisky.
Do you know, said Teacher, Ive been so out of touch Id almost forgotten that Walter works here. I take it he still does?
He ventures out of his room once every fortnight or so, said Griff, tells us whats wrong with our work, finds a girl from the foundation course to pose for him and disappears again.
Hes still got a thing about girls with no tits?
Griff nodded. Flat as dinner plates, his models are.
Looking down at the lower floor they both catch sight of a girl seated directly below them. She was a fashion student with film star looks, busty, far from tit-less, and from their vantage point they could see into the open neck of her blouse almost down to her navel as, with an exhausted sigh, she closed the books she had been studying, pushed them into the centre of the table and sat back, eyes closed and head resting against the wall behind her.
It looks almost as if she is pouting up at her two unseen admirers.
Not Walters type at all, Griff commented.
Christ, no, Teacher drooled. You could dive in there and get lost for a week.
He took the bottle from Griff and had a drink. Elbows resting on the low wall before him, he looked down at the girl with an old fashioned lust and an adolescent mischief. Grinning at Griff, he poured some whisky into the cap of the bottle and held it at arms length; his hand moved a little, backwards and forwards, from side to side, and then slowly tilted the cap. A thin stream of honey coloured liquid hit the table, moved across the girls work, over her lap and down her cleavage, all before she could even open her work-weary eyes. Teacher and Griff ducked their heads out of sight as she screamed, sending furniture scattering all about her; her angry stride could be heard across the room despite the soft thickness of the carpet and then she could be seen at the librarians desk gesticulating wildly.
Come on, Griff, time we left, Teacher decided, hiding the bottle under his coat.
On the staircase they met the librarian and the whisky-soaked girl; the librarian greeted Teacher and explained what has happened.
Well we didnt see anything untoward, Teacher told the librarian, we were so deep in discussion. Im sure you'll weed out the culprit, though. Let me have his name and Ill reprimand him most soundly.
He must have been able to smell the booze, said Griff, when they were safely outside the library.
Maybe, but my exalted station is my safeguard, said Teacher. It scares the shit out of people. Im untouchable, theres bugger all they can do to me.
Is that right? asked Griff, thinking how dangerously the Principal is tempting providence.

*
Later, Griff was with Ceri and Rose in the canteen, filling his stomach with food to soak up the whisky, when McCready joined them. He came with a carrier bag in his hand, which he set on the table; he was silent, contemplative, he looked at the Formica top rather than at his friends and never even greeted them with so much as an hello.
Is there something wrong, Mac? Griff asked, sincerely hoping that there was.
McCready nodded sadly. Its the chicken. Its dead.
Dead? What happened?
I dont know for sure. I found it with its head caught in a roll of chicken wire, its neck broken.
Foul play suspected? Griff smirked.
Ceri grimaced at the unfortunate joke. Rose, predictably acquainted with the etiquette of bereavement, told Griff not to be so heartless.
It might have been an accident, McCready mused. There again, it might not.
Surely it was, said Ceri. Whod want to get rid of your chicken?
Ron never liked the idea of me keeping it in the studio. He was always complaining about it.
But hed never do something like that. Hes too stupid to be evil.
Who knows? said McCready, with a forlorn shrug of the shoulders, and there was a respectful moment of silence, after which those with an appetite returned to their meals.
So whatll you do with the body, Mac? asked Ceri, shovelling food into his mouth.
Id become quite fond of the silly thing, McCready smiled. I did think of having it stuffed. Taxidermy-wise, he added, knowing that there was another weak joke there, scowling as he saw the amused glint in Griffs eye.
An expensive business, Ceri told him.
Yes, I imagine so. Ill just have to bury it, I suppose, give it a decent send-off. Will you two help?
Ceri and Griff were hesitant, it seemed like an eccentric thing to do, but Rose prompted them into agreeing, her only involvement with funerals in recent months having been to gaze uninvited from a distance at those of strangers.
Okay, I guess so, said Ceri. Wheres the bird?
McCready pointed to his package on the table. There, in the bag.
In that? Jesus Christ, McCready! Were having our lunch and you slap a rotting carcass on the table? Ceri pushed the bag away in disgust. Shift it!
McCready took the bag and placed it on the floor beneath his chair. But you will help me bury it? he asked.
Yes, we will, says Griff, with an impatient sigh.
Later this afternoon, when the place is quiet? Ill meet you downstairs?
Well be there, Ceri promised.
McCready huffed and heaved his shoulders and looked thoroughly dejected.
Arent you having any lunch? Rose asked him, her own appetite having improved markedly on learning of a death in the family.
I dont feel all that hungry, he told her.
You really need to eat something. Go on, at least get yourself a sandwich.
I suppose youre right, he agreed, and went over to the serving bay.
While he was away they tried to sympathise, recalling how theyd each felt when favourite pets died, quoted fathers burying budgies and cats in back gardens, but the comparison was a little too tenuous for all but Rose to be able to relate with McCreadys grief. They were all older now, for one thing, and more able to cope with bereavement.
A chicken cant really be considered a pet, said Ceri.
Except in the case of someone as eccentric as McCready, said Griff.
I mean, you cant cuddle it.
McCready did.
The nut.
It was as they were discussing McCready that I came looking for him.
Hes getting something to eat, Rose told me, gesturing towards the entrance of the serving bay.
No hes not, Ive just come from there, I said, laying my tray on the table as evidence. I sat down and began to eat.
Then hes run off. He mustnt be able to face any food after all.
Why not? Is he ill? I asked.
I dont know about physically, said Griff, but hes certainly got a touch of what Teacher would call mal-de-tete.
More so than usual today, Ceri added.
Why? Whats happened?
They told me of the demise of the chicken, and of McCreadys reaction, Griff describing his present state as almost catatonic.
I was sorry to hear of the loss, said, I suppose its my fault in a way for not letting him keep the bird at the flat.
Thank God you didnt, wed have had it crowing us awake at dawn every day, said Ceri.
Cocks crow, Rose reminded him. Not chickens.
Well, whatever its habits we wouldnt have wanted that bird about the place.
I had rested my knife and fork by the plate for a moment, pausing to dwell on the bad news and its ramifications. Now I returned to my meal, saying, Still, hell get over it.
Will he? asked Rose, not so sure. Arent you worried about him?
No, not at all. You get used to his strange ways.
Though how you put up with them I dont know, said Griff. Just what is it you see in the nutter?
That same question again.
All eccentrics are a bit innocent, I said, gazing into the distance and smiling fondly. I suppose thats what I love about him, his innocence.
Griff frowned, innocence being one trait he had never associated with McCready.
So hes going to give the bird a decent burial, is he? I remarked, with just a hint of an amused grin. Is that where hes gone now, perhaps?
No. Were helping him do that later, Ceri told me.
So whats he done with the corpse in the meantime? Is it lying in state?
Hes left it behind, Griff then noticed, seeing the carrier bag still on the floor and picking it up. Here it is.
Ugh!
Suddenly I didnt feel hungry anymore. I persuaded Rose to go across to the pub with me, to have a drink and wash away the taste of putrefaction.
Just pretend its a wake, I encouraged her.

*
It was mid afternoon when Ceri and Griff returned to the canteen with the dead chicken.
Why are we bringing it back here? asked Griff.
It seems a waste to throw it away so I thought wed give it to Joan, a little goodwill gesture to make our peace with her. Ive plucked it, said Ceri, its a freshly killed bird, and you know how shes always going on about fresh food rather than frozen.
One bird? Whats she going to do with that? And a few loaves and fishes to feed the five thousand? And what about McCready? Hes expecting to bury it, remember.
Questions, questions, questions. Do you think I havent thought of everything? Ive got something for him to bury, a soft toy I found in textiles. Its stuffed with scrap from sculpture to give it weight. Hell never notice the difference.
Unless he sees it.
No danger of that. Its tied up in a sack and hell never think of looking inside, hell be too stricken with grief. Now come on, Ceri urged, pushing Griff along before him, lets get rid of the thing then we can help McCready bury his cuddly toy.
The canteen was deserted, the tables freshly wiped down, everywhere as spotless as Joan liked it to be. They went into the serving bay, find the shutters pulled down so passed through the door which leads to the kitchen. Apart from the gentle bubbling of pans, in which the evenings food was being prepared, all is quiet, seemingly empty; then they caught sight of Ron at one of the sinks, feverishly scrubbing at his overalls.
Ron? What are you up to? Ceri asked.
Ron started, not having heard them enter, and turned around; his face was covered with fine red scratches and he began to stutter, not quite sure how to explain what he was doing.
Ceri and Griff stepped closer to examine the marks on his face.
Who tried to claw your eyes out, Ron? Getting too fresh with Joan, eh, and she turned on you?
Ron continued to stammer, he was too incoherent to make any sense. Griff took the overalls from him, to see why they were in such an urgent need of a wash, and found that they were covered with drops of some chalky white substance.
Whats this, Ron? Quick-setting dandruff?
Its its
Ceri looked, then laughed wickedly. Its chicken shit, thats what it is. It was no middle aged bird from the canteen hes tangling with, it was one of the feathered kind. You wicked little bastard, Ron! It was you who killed McCreadys chicken, wasnt it?
N-no.
Yes it was, you malevolent little moron.
I didnt! Ron blurted. Didnt mean to! I was only trying to shut it up!
Well you certainly did that alright, said Ceri, tossing back the overalls. What do you reckon McCreadyll do when he finds out? he asked Griff.
Griff made a cut-throat action from ear to ear. Hes very upset. Hes capable of anything.
But I didnt mean to hurt it! said Ron in panic. I just wanted to stop the noise!
Youre in trouble, Ron, Ceri said, taking a step forward, and quoted the cleaners favourite lament. The Principals going to hear about this.
Get away from me, you crazy Welshman!
Listen here, worm, Ceri threatened, still advancing, youre going to be a bit more respectful to this crazy Welshman from now on, otherwise McCreadys going to find out who did his chicken in.
Get away! Get away! Ron screamed, and his cries brought Joan running in to see the burly young Celt threatening the cowed old cleaner.
You leave him alone! she said. Havent you made  him suffer enough?
Me?
Yes. You. If you hadnt got him drunk he wouldn't have fallen into the rose bushes on the lawn. Just look at the mess hes made of his face.
Rose bushes? Ceri smiled at Ron. Thats what gave you those scratches, eh?
Yes! Joan insisted.
And it was me who got you drunk, Ron?
Or perhaps it was the Principal, Mr Teacher, Ron now decided, his embarrassment making the scars burn all the brighter. Yes, now I come to think of it, it was Mr Teacher.
Dont talk rot! scoffed Joan. You drinking with the Principal? Poppycock! It was these two and their mate. Arent they always the ones? Now get out of here, the pair of you.
But we came along here to do you a favour, sort of apologise for past indiscretions, said Ceri.
Youve come to do me a favour? Joan laughed. I dont believe that for one minute. What favours are you in a position to do me?
A gift, a chicken, Ceri said, producing the bird from the bag with the same flourish that a magician might produce a rabbit from a hat. He gave Ron a cold hard look, warning him to hold his tongue, said, A friend from the market passed it on to me. Its a fresh chicken with all the bits intact, beak and feet and all. I know you dont like frozen stuff, so when the bird came my way I thought youd be the one to appreciate it.
Joan was naturally suspicious. Whats it got? she asked.
I told you: head, beak, feet, the lot.
Diseases, I mean.
None. I promise.
And what do you think Im going to do with just one chicken? It wont go far among a couple of hundred students.
You could keep it for yourself, he suggested, or perhaps put it to one side for Teacher. You know how partial he is to a bit of chicken.
It was the thought of treating Teacher, who she was very fond of despite his eccentricities and occasional lapses, which finally persuaded Joan; she accepted the bird as a gift, as a peace offering.
See? Every cloud has a silver lining, said Ceri to Griff, as they went from the canteen to the basement. Our peace made with Joan, and at no cost to ourselves.

*
McCready was waiting with Rose at the rear of the college, by the sculpture department. 
He noticed immediately that the bag which held the chicken was different.
Its hessian on the outside and oilcloth inside, Ceri explained to him. Hard wearing, waterproof, itll help preserve the body, keep away the worms and maggots.
Thats a nice thought, McCready smiled. Thanks, Ceri. You too, Griff.
Griff coughed, to hide his embarrassment; no matter how he might regard McCready he still felt uneasy with the deception.
No problem, its the least we could do, said Ceri. Right. Where are we going to inter the bird?
I thought over there, McCready said, pointing to a spot some fifty yards away where the new ring road was under construction.
A good idea, itll save us having to dig, said Ceri, leading the way.
And therell be reinforced concrete when theyve finished, a tomb as solid as any in the Valley of Kings.
Rose nodded approvingly, envisaging the wonder and majesty of it all.
They walked across the college car park, then a brief tract of wasteland to where the construction work was in progress. Two labourers saw them approach, but paid little attention.
Do you think you could explain to them? McCready said. I dont think I could.
Oh, come on! said Griff impatiently; he really couldnt believe he was going along with the charade.
Please?
Ceri dragged Griff over to speak to the workmen, explained that their friends chicken has just passed away and would they mind very much if he dropped it into the hole they had excavated.
Youre having us on, said one.
No were not, Ceri assured him. He was very fond of it, see.
A chicken?
Yes, and he cant just dump it in a dustbin. Theres nowhere else he can bury it, not around here.
The two workmen looked uncertainly at each other, then the spokesman said, Lets have a look in the sack first. It might be a bomb or something. Theres lots of folk against this ring road being built, you know.
Oh, I dont know if we can do that, said Griff, knowing what the sack contained, but Ceri nodded, went to McCready and returned with the sack.
But thats a fucking-
Fucking fine specimen, said Ceri loudly, drowning out the workmans voice as they looked into the sack to see a stuffed velvet rabbit where the chicken should have been. You can see that, cant you? he urged.
Its a fucking toy, the workman muttered to his mate, dipping his hand into the sack. And stuffed with scrap iron, by the feel of it.
Yes, but he doesnt need to know that, does he? Ceri whispered. Just humour him, eh? It cant do any harm.
The workmen conferred, finally agreed. Ceri knotted the neck of the sack, called McCready over and handed it to him. Go ahead, he told him. Theyve said its okay.
McCready thanked the confused men, walked to the hole they had dug and lay down on the ground with his hand holding the sack over the edge.
McCready? What the hell are you doing? Griff asked, his embarrassment beginning to mount.
We dont want it to fall further than it has to, do we? I cant just chuck it in.
But the bloody things dead!
Still- said McCready, and let the sack fall; it hit the bottom of the hole with a soft thud, he stood and whispered in Griffs ear.
For fucks sake! Griff responded, to the hushed request.
Please? McCready pleaded.
Blushing, Griff turned to the workmen, coughed to clear his throat. Er, sorry to trouble you again but do you think you could give him a moment alone with his thoughts?
He smiled apologetically, turned to Ceri and Rose and shrugged helplessly.
Fucking nutters, one workman grumbled to the other.
Art students, are they?
From that place over the way?
But they retired a reverent number of yards and McCready was left at the makeshift graveside with his fellow mourners.
Do you want to say a few words, Mac? Rose suggested.
Ceri winked at Griff; Griff glowered at Rose, thinking that the whole affair had already gone far enough.
McCready thought long and hard, then said in a choking voice, Roost in peace, old friend.
Rose let out a sob which sounded rehearsed, clutched a black lace handkerchief to her face as McCready turned and walked away, back towards college.
Is he taking the piss out of us? Griff asked Ceri, following. 'Please tell me he's just taking the piss out of us.'
Either that or hes flipped completely. Your guess is as good as mine.
I think it was quite moving, really quite a touching ceremony, said Rose, but is ignored.
As they passed the two workmen one of them surreptitiously held out a cupped hand, as if expecting a gratuity.
Piss off, McCready told him. It was only a chicken, not a close relative.
Hes definitely flipped, thought Griff, as the workman called after them, No it wasnt! It was a fluffy fucking toy, you fucking freak!
Maybe, said McCready, but it was a friend to me as well.

*
From my bearing as I crossed the common room towards them, and the way I slumped in my seat, emotionally drained, Griff and Ceri could guess that I had been with McCready.
Hows he bearing up? Ceri asked me.
Deep in mourning. Hes talking about having a mass said for the bird.
Very touching. There arent many people who can feel that deeply about a chicken. So whats he doing now? Going over to the Evening Telegraph to see about an obituary?
I smiled, could understand how some people lacked my patience with McCready. No. He went off to see Ron, to tell him the news and apologise for the mess the bird used to make.
Ron?
Oh oh!
Ceri and Griff jumped to their feet, exchanging anxious looks.
What is it? Whats the matter? I asked.
I think youd better come, Griff told me, already running towards the lift.
We could hear Rons cries as we get out on the fifth floor, hysterical screams of terror.
Let go! Get him off me! The boys gone crazy!
What on earths happening? I asked. 
Please! Help! Rons yelling.
As we entered the studio McCready had the unfortunate cleaner at the narrow window, his head already outside to give him a view of the five floors to the ground which had him panic-stricken.
Its been take this down and take that down and the Principals going to hear about this all the fucking time! McCready was saying, pushing at Rons legs so that his trousers were bunched around his knees. Well Ive had enough! Killing my chicken is the last thing youll ever do!
But I didnt! Ron cried, as Griff, Ceri and I ran across to the window.
Liar! You hated her!
McCready! For Gods sake! I said, tugging at his arm while Ceri and Griff pulled at his waist.
It was fortunate that the window was too narrow for Rons body to fit through. Only his ears were damaged, bruised blue blotches appearing on the bright red membranes where they had chafed against the frame, although there was also a suggestion of shock in the tone of voice and the manner in which his body was twitching.
Let him be! Hell go into cardiac arrest! said Ceri, managing to break McCreadys grip. He and Griff pulled him to the other side of the studio, where I tried my best to calm him.
That little bastard killed my chicken, McCready snarled, his chest heaving, as Ron gingerly extricated himself from the window. Its written all over his face and I hope he rots in hell!
On all fours, like something feral, Ron scampered across the floor, put a safe distance between himself and McCready before getting to his feet.
Youre for it this time, McCready! he said, shaking his fist, trembling more with fear than rage. Really for it. The-
If he says it one more time Ill throttle the fucker! McCready threatened, straining against the arms which held him. I swear it! If he says the Principals going to hear about this Ill kill him!
Ron took a little hop backwards, then another, felt behind him for the door which was his escape from the studio, then said, But he will! The Principals really going to hear about this! Youve gone too far this time, McCready! 

Chapter Six

Barney had heard that the studio was being turned into a menagerie; he had to get back there, had to make his presence felt and was working late towards this end.
It was close to midnight, his wife Julia had to protest, she called out from the bedroom, Barney! Do you intend hammering away at that computer all night?
The artist was one who employed reason to contain emotion, so Barney would insist, one who tempered expression with the careful exercise of logic; Barney trained young people to be artists, he knew what he was talking about and dared anyone to challenge him. The one problem as far as his wife was concerned was that reason seemed to have gained the upper hand, and once reason was taken to excess it became unreasonable. It was unreasonable of Barney to work at such a late hour, unfortunate that his work, fired by reason, was no longer the quiet whisper of sable against canvas but the annoying rattle of fingers on computer keys. Unfortunate, was it? No! It was bloody inconsiderate! And since the baby had come he would insist on having his study upstairs, in one of the spare rooms, arguing that he needed to be away from her cries during the daytime. What he failed to appreciate, though, was that he then became instrumental in causing their daughters cries when he felt the need to work at night.
Please! Julia begged, but if sleep was her concern then she would have been wise to remain silent, for her loud protestations, answered by a louder reply from her husband, were enough to wake the baby; in a room between the bedroom and the study a tiny tummy heaved and Dee joined in the argument, perhaps not as raucous as the two adults but just as insistent.
Annoyingly so.
The babys crying! Barney complained.
I know she is! said Julia, and she knew, too, that she would have to be the one to deal with the infant. The cries were just as distracting as Barneys two-finger tapping on the keyboard, that halting dance which made her want to scream and tell him, over his shoulder, that it was there, the key he was looking for, just beneath the little finger which he could never quite manage to bring into use.
With a weary sigh she swung her legs from the bed, the action fluid because she was tired and moved as if through a dream. Her figure was trim despite the recent pregnancy -not that Barney would notice- her complexion fresh, unaffected by subsequent sleepless nights; this she noted as she ran a hand across her face, rubbing the sleep from her eyes, and as she caught a glimpse of herself in the wardrobe mirror, gliding from the room with the silk of her nightgown billowing behind. She was still not wholly sure if she was dreaming or not, that the babys cries were a part of her nightmare, but as she neared the nursery door there was little that was dreamlike or imaginary about the noise; Barney could argue all he liked about what was real and what was not, but there was no escaping the fact that the baby was awake and would remain in that state until she was comforted.
She leant into the cot and picked up the sweating straining bundle.
DidDaddydoitden? she says, juggling the baby over her shoulder. Eh? Did Daddy do it to Dee with his noisy typing? Dere, dere, dere.
The cries, punctuated by sniffs and sobs, would only die down gradually, so Julia took her daughter through to the study.
Well? she demanded of her husband.
Well, what?
Do you intend beating the hell out of that keyboard all night? Cause if you do then the baby and me might as well go downstairs. Well stand more chance of getting to sleep on the sofa.
This is important, said Barney, his back still to her so that all she could see of him were his shoulders and the tight wad of black curls which brushed his collar. I have to get this ready for the morning and Im stuck for somewhere to go after Cartesian doubt.
I could think of a place or two, said Julia acidly, but there was no response. She peered over his shoulder, read snatches of what he had written. Now why do you have to God damn the students Catholic upbringing? she asked. Anyone would think youre a Fascist bigot instead of a free-thinking artist.
There are too many of the buggers, thats why. Theyre the worst of the lot, absolutely intractable. You cant have a Catholic art student, Julia, its a contradiction in terms. You have to beat the faith out of them before you stand even a ghost of a chance of turning them into artists.
Julia waltzed the baby around the room, dizzying her to stop the last of her cries, swept past the tiers of books which lined the walls; the standard art texts were the dustiest, the histories of the Renaissance and the coffee table tomes on Impressionism which had lain untouched for so many years; the well-thumbed volumes were now those which dealt with modern aesthetics and philosophy.
Why cant you just let the poor sods paint? she asked, as she completed her circuit of the room. Thats what they were expecting to do, after all. She thought of how peaceful life had been when Barney had painted, rather than simply thought noisily about the activity. Jesus, Barney, why dont you pick up a paintbrush again, do what you used to do, instead of screwing everyone up with your abstract considerations and keeping us awake night after night with your bloody typing?
His answer came pat, as if by rote, it had been formulated years before and never varied.
Painting is a redundant activity, he replied.
Thats bloody marvellous, that is, coming from a man whos paid to teach people to paint.
Barney sat back from the keyboard, his hands folded across his lap.
I am not paid to teach people to paint, Julia. I am paid to teach people to think. Art is a thinking process, not an acting process.
Dont start lecturing me, she warned him.
I'm not.
Talking to me as if I was one of your students.
I'm trying to explain.
Yes, but some other time. Not now. Its late.
I thought youd be able to understand, her husband huffed. I thought youd be able to help by taking an interest in what Im doing, but all youre doing is disturbing my train of thought. You and her.
The one youre referring to as her is your daughter, your only child. Her name is Dee, not her, and since she came along the only thing Ive come to understand is how much hard work motherhood is. I dont have the time to be an academic anymore, nor the strength, nor the inclination.
Hush, Julia, Im thinking, said Barney, hunched forward again, poised over the desk and ready to attack the keys.
Well do us both a favour and try to think a little more quietly, Julia said, walking towards the door, the babys head now resting more heavily against her shoulder.
Im coming back, you bastards, Barney chuckled to himself, reading through what he had written and imagining how his students would react. This is really going to fuck you up, have your minds in torment.

*
Barney was a wiry man, with tightly knitted black curls and a permanently knotted brow, a little on the short side but always with the air about him that hes ready to sort someone out. The long-haired slobs in the painting studio were his favourite targets, and he didnt just mean the girls, either; females were generally to be discounted, in fact, for they either wept or whimpered or ran when he approached, were incapable of taking strong criticism. No, it was the likes of Griff, who wanted to do paintings which were like pop songs -immediate and accessible- and Ceri, who threw paint about the studio and thought it was expressive. These were the ones he was after. He didnt want just any long-haired pillocks smoking hash and flinging paint about the place, not unless they could justify themselves.
And what justification was there for the sight that met him in the studio, when he returned from his spell of paternity?
None that he could think of.
Tits and bums! he cried, staggering about the studio like a shocked maiden aunt, gingerly touching the raw sienna breasts and vivid pink vaginas. Tits and fucking bums! Whatre they doing here?
It was Walters idea, someone told him.
Screw Walter! Get the bloody things down! he roared in disgust. And you, he said to Pam, get your fucking clothes on!
But-
Just get dressed and get out! he snarled, and stormed from the studio.
There was just enough time for the paintings to be cleared and then Walter made a rather more ceremonious entrance, bowing and scraping and all but genuflecting as he ushered a bleary-eyed Principal before him.
Breasts and buttocks, he was saying, thats what its all about. Breasts and buttocks. You master those and-
Walter stopped short when he noticed that there was a marked absence of these particular appendages about the place. As tall as he was it took only a couple of quick strides for him to reach the centre of the floor.
Theyve gone! he exclaimed, looking about in consternation. Where have all the paintings gone?
Barney told us to take them down, he was informed.
To hell with Barney! he said, turning and running from the studio, leaving Teacher confused, tired and hungover in the doorway.
Up a narrow flight of stairs, Walter reached Barneys room and burst in on him.
Not so noisy, Walter, Im working, said Barney, his fingers tapping away at another keyboard.
But the students arent!
No. Theyd be getter off playing with themselves than doing crap like that. Its purely masturbatory.
Walter fumed. But I asked them to do that- that work!
Yes, Walter. Who else but you? With an exasperated sigh, Barney added, Bloody paintings.
Bloody paintings? Walter echoed. Bloody paintings? But this is a bloody art school! Theyre supposed to do bloody paintings!
Bugger off, Walter. Stick with the ladies evening class where your talents might be appreciated.
This was the final insult for Walter; he strode purposefully across the floor, spuns Barney around in his swivel chair and pulled him to his feet by the lapels. Surprised that he had such strength in him, and that his anger could be roused to such a fierce pitch, he looked in wonderment at Barneys face suddenly raised to the level of his own. It was in this moment of hesitation -what do I do next, now that Ive yanked him up here?- that Barneys hand flicked out and the knuckles rapped him hard on the bridge of the nose.
You-! Walter cried, letting Barney drop back into his seat, and clamped a hand to his nose which was already beginning to pump blood.
You really are a nuisance, you know that, Walter? said Barney. All the noise, all the aggravation. How am I supposed to work with you up here?
He gathered together his papers and walked from his study, no longer the private sanctum it was supposed to be. At the bottom on the stairs, outside the studio, Teacher fell into step beside him and they reached the lift together.
Youve upset Walter, said the Principal.
More than you know, Teach.
The bell pinged and the lift doors opened. They stepped inside.
Where to? Which floor? asked Teacher.
Ill try the library, see if its quiet enough in there to work. Its like a madhouse up here sometimes.
Dont I know it? Teacher pressed the button for the first floor. Dont you think we could make an effort to make life more peaceful, Barney? Couldnt we reach a compromise or two?
Are you thinking about me and Walter?
Well ideally Id like everyone to be happy; you and Walter, Edith and Bobby, Ron, Joan, everyone. But yes, Id settle for peace between you and Walter to begin with. A little harmony in the studio would be nice, it would be lovely to see the two of you working in tandem.
Barney nodded his agreement. It just so happens Ive been dwelling on that very matter while Ive been off, the reorganisation of the fine art department. What I plan is that Walter should take over the foundation course, hell like all the young girls there, and any vocational courses, and of course the ladies evening classes.
Will he?
Hell love it, Barney assured Teacher. He always gets in there first for the ladies evening classes. Now me- The doors parted at the first floor and Barney pulled Teacher out after him. -me, all I want is first year fine art. This year, next year, the year after. Just first year fine art. What I want is to get the new intake before anyone else can.
But in three years time youd have the whole fine art course under your wing.
So? Barney could see no problem there. Theyre wasted on Walter, Teach. You saw the crap he had them doing up there.
As a matter of fact I didnt, Barney. By the time I got to the studio youd got rid of all their work.
Then you were spared. You should thank me.
Thanks, Barney, said Teacher uncertainly.

*
The morning after Barneys attack on Walter there were photocopies -bloodstains and all- of a typewritten sheet tacked to the notice boards, and a whole festival of balloons and streamers filling the painting studio.
Looks like Christmas has come early, McCready remarked, bursting one of the balloons with the tip of his cigarette. Whats this all about, Griff?
Here, read it, Griff told him, taking down one of the typed sheets and handing it to him.
McCready read:
The project. Draw, with as much precision as your limited talents will permit, one balloon and the accompanying section of streamer, using nothing other than an HB pencil. You are to devise instrumentation which will measure the deflation of the balloon over the following fourteen days. Should a balloon burst or fall down you will not replace it but will indicate the event in your drawing. You will not, however, precipitate such an occurrence in order to ease your boredom. You will consider the fact that the balloon is transparent, but only in so far that it will furnish you with information concerning the inner and outer surfaces of the balloon; you will not consider any object other than the balloon. Consider line and tone, but not colour. For the purpose of this project you will forget inventiveness, originality, creativity and anything remotely resembling a tit or bum; there are no sexual connotations to be found in the shape of a balloon. You may consider mindlessness, miniscule and microscopic variation, rechauffe What the fuck is rechauffe? McCready asks Griff.
Read on, Griff smiled.
McCready read on and the words leapt out from the page at him: Look it up! If you have any difficulty in comprehending this brief then translate into English whatever modification of the language you are familiar with. Finally, you might bear in mind a dictum of Thomas Aquinas: That which makes two pieces of flint two pieces and not one is not the fact that they are both flint, for in this respect they do not differ. Good luck. B.Goode, Sen. Lec., F. Art.
McCready gave a short gasp of puzzlement, crumpled up the paper and tossed it over his shoulder.
What is rechauffe? Griff asks. What does it mean?
They sat down to consider the roots of the word, which they thought might possibly be French, and as they were pondering over it Ceri marched into the studio, quiet and purposeful, carrying a roll of newsprint under his arm. This he unfurled and taped to the wall behind a selected balloon; then he turned and left, still quiet, still purposeful. On his second entrance, a minute later, he was carrying a bucket of very liquid paint.
Whatre you doing, Ceri? asked McCready.
Sorting out the fucker and his project, Ceri answered gravely, and put the bucket down with all the reverence deserving a chalice. He rolled up his sleeves, picked up the bucket again, and in one quick movement hurled the contents at the balloon. The balloon bounced beneath the glossy torrent and the paper received most of the paint, showing what might or might not have been the silhouette of a balloon. The paper was taken down from the wall and laid flat to dry.
Is that it, then?
Thats it, said Ceri, hands on hips and chest heaving, looking down at the soaked paper.
Whats that? asked Barney, regarding the mess into which he had almost stepped.
Its Ceris response to your project, McCready told him.
Ceri nodded. An accurate and precise interpretation of the situation.
Too creative, Barney told him, walking away and leaving a trail of sticky footprints across the floor.
Pretty mindless, though, thought Griff.

*
Ive got the buggers in knots upstairs. Theyve got cameras and callipers and rulers and bits of string in play, theres only Ceri using any paint and all hes doing is flinging it about the place. They dont know whether theyre coming or going.
Barney was effusive as he told the others in the senior common room. Most of the staff, like the students, were confused by his project, Teacher was too dulled by drink to care, and only Walter showed outright disapproval in his dark, black-eyed glare.
This is your balloon project? said Bobby.
It is indeed, said Barney, his grin aimed at Walter, extracting every ounce of pain that he could. Its put a stop to their bloody painting, hasnt it, Walter? Knocked the bloody nudes on the head for good.
Its only a fad, Walter believed, trying to sound unconcerned. Theyll soon grow out of it, like they grew out of playing conkers or wanting to be train drivers.
But thats where youre wrong, Walter. This is the beginning of the end for you and your kind. Youre going to be exiled to the ladies evening class for good now.
Walters nose was still swollen, his eyes bruised, he had been too humbled by Barneys single blow to respond to these fresh taunts. He hunched his shoulders and sulked.
What are they actually going to do with these balloons? Bobby asked hesitantly, not wanting to seem too ignorant.
Anything they can, apart from paint them.
Walter got to his feet. Youre so bloody childish, he said to Barney. Sticking balloons up all over the place is so infantile.
So infantile that you cant even understand what its all about, Barney smiled. Its just too childish for you to appreciate, isnt it?
Its childish to keep waging battle like this. Were supposed to be educating the students, not fighting for their favours.
And educate them I will, Walter, just as soon as Ive got them out of your clutches. Why dont you just leave me to it, find yourself another flat-chested girl from the foundation course and hide away upstairs with her?
Bobby giggled and Walter blushed. Years ago he had convinced himself that his interest was aesthetic, as innocent as the Reverend Dodgsons preoccupation with Alice, but Barneys mentioning the penchant and Bobbys tittering at it made him feel guilty. He was unsure whether to make light of it, to laugh along with the joke and say yes, he would go upstairs and fondle a seventeen year old virgin, or categorically deny that anything licentious was ever in his mind when he confronted his models.
Cant think what to say, can you? Barney knew.
Sod off, Walter replied, shuffling across the room to pour himself a cup of coffee from the percolator.
Poor Walter, said Bobby.
Just what is it about him that grabs everyones sympathy? Barney wanted to know. Julias just the same, always sorry for him.
Hes so inoffensive, thats the thing. Certainly too inoffensive to deserve your insults. I dont know how you can treat him the way you do.
Its easy. He may seem inoffensive to you but hes buggering up the mind of those students upstairs. Someone has to stop him.
And youve taken that role upon yourself, have you? Righter of wrongs, champion of the good? Christ, Barney, you almost make it sound like a crusade.
Why not? he said, and looks at the Principal dozing in the chair beside him. Nobody else cares enough to intervene. Teacher certainly wont do anything, the idle bugger.
Teacher stirred, but said nothing.
Say that louder, Bobby challenged Barney, and smiled when he declined to. No, you wont, will you? Teacher would beat the crap out of you if you started on him the way you do with Walter.
Well, he is a big bastard,  Barney conceded. Thumping him would be like thumping an outside toilet.
Bobby shook the Principal roughly, told him that Barney is calling him a shithouse.
There was a low grumble, which might have been an acknowledgement or a rebuke.
The driving force behind our art school, Barney said, but still not loud enough to cause offence.
Walter returned with his coffee, sat quietly brooding, and silence settled on the room again, like an overweight bird come to roost. Barney smiled to himself, satisfied with the confusion his project was causing. Bobby split a matchstick and begins to use it as a toothpick, digging away at her teeth. Barney gave a deep yawn, his mouth opening wide, blamed his tiredness on his daughter who now seemed to disturb the peace of every night.
Ah, so the joys of fatherhood are wearing thin already? Bobby guessed.
Not at all. Its just that its a rather more tiring business than I imagined it would be.
Bobby refused to accept this. No, its more than tiredness, Barney. You cant fool me. Its the way that life has become stale and domesticity stifling, thats whats got you weary. Ill tell you what you need to do.
Yes?
What every creative married man needs to do once a bambino comes along. You need to get yourself a mistress.
Youre joking.
No Im not. A mistress would bring some novelty back into your life and help you love your family again.
I do love my family, Barney maintained, but was forced to add, its just that the baby makes things difficult at times, thats all.
Its your abstract considerations tying your brain in knots, thats what it is, said Walter. You need to pick up a paintbrush again, Barney, and find some peace of mind.
Pick up a piece on the side, more like, Bobby continued to argue. Untwist his testicles, thats what he needs. Its his balls that are in a knot, Walter, not his mind.
Barney offered neither a grumble nor a frown, nor wasted any breath on telling them to keep their advice to themselves; he was sane and he was sensible, reason was in control, he knew that his only problem with family life was in finding the peace he needed to work.
Anyway, he said to Bobby, and without really considering his words it was more an aside to himself, I thought youd be too busy with your own love life to find time to bother with me and mine.
Bother with you? she laughed, and threw back her head. Jesus, Barney, you didnt perhaps think I was offering myself to you? I might have mentioned you taking a mistress but I certainly wasnt auditioning for the part!
No, of course not. Barney tried to correct himself, and felt his cheeks redden as he laughed with her, saying, No, I was just meaning, well- For once words failed him, her continued amusement annoyed him and he snapped, Bloody hell, Bobby, I wouldnt touch you with a disinfected dipstick!
Liar, Bobby smirked, leaning forward provocatively. You were just itching in your pants at the thought of bedding me.
Ha! he snorted. Bedding you would be like bedding- like bedding Barbara Streisand!
And youre saying that prospect doesnt turn you on?
Yes. I mean, no. She certainly doesnt.
Walter shook his head, said, The poor mans been away from painting too long, hes completely lost his aesthetic sense.
Aesthetic, nothing. Her nose is too big, Barney protested, only realising just how pathetic his protest sounded when he had blurted it out.
Listen to the man! Bobby cried, now laughing so loudly that other people in the room were turning around. He must be the only man left on the planet who worries about the state of the mantelpiece when hes poking the fire! Talk about fussy!
The conversation was getting out of hand for Barney, too heated for him to give any consideration to what he was saying; he could handle a discussion on Descartes, or a lecture on logical positivism, but the talk with Bobby was deteriorating and his responses were just gushing forth without thought or effect.
Well, this isnt getting any work done, he said, after taking a deep breath to stem the previous flow of inanities.
Why dont you take me for a drink and see if you cant soften me up? Bobby called after him as he marched away. You never know your luck! I might be persuaded to let you fuck me!

*
Though everyone else was confused, and Ceri was still flinging paint about the place in abstractly expressive bursts, McCready seemed to be making no effort at all to respond to Barneys project. The balloons in the painting studio become puckered as the days passed, like freshly washed fingertips pegged out to dry, and they hung limply, nothing more than sad sacks of stake air. When the deadline came for the completion of the project Barney was waiting for McCready.
So, McCready, are you going to make your apologies?
Apologies, Barney? For what?
I dont see any response to the project I set, said the tutor, looking around the walls where the few desultory attempts at a solution had been displayed.
That doesnt mean to say I didnt respond, McCready said, with a clever smile.
Okay then, lets hear about it, Barney demanded, inviting McCready to sit and explain.
The clue was in Thomas Aquinas, McCready began. I delved a little more deeply into the mans work and came up with his conclusion that for change to occur there must be a cause.
Reasonable enough, agreed Barney.
So, imagine if we worked back from effects to causes we could either work back indefinitely, or eventually reach some ultimate original cause, like a God for example. The first of these options, the idea of infinite causes, has to be ruled out, because with this there could be no beginning to the series. If theres no beginning, theres no succession. If theres no first cause there can be no second, no third, and so on.
So? said Barney, interested, for this was the sort of response to the project that he had had in mind.
So we have to accept the second option, the idea of an original God-like cause.
Barney waited for McCready to continue.
McCready didnt, though; he sat back with his arms folded, smiling smugly.
Then whats the answer to our problem? Barney finally asked.
God knows! McCready laughed, rising from his stool and starting to walk away.
Hey! Where do you think you're going? Barney asked.
To the canteen. Its time for lunch.
Then its going to be a working lunch. You dont think youre going to get off as easily as that, do you?
McCready should have known, he should have realised that it would not be so simple.
As they went down to the canteen Barney launched into one of his meteoric philosophical journeys, spinning around the arguments suggested by McCreadys excuse.
What it boils down to, McCready, is that while there can be certainty about questions of scientific knowledge, whatever criteria are involved, questions of religious knowledge are beyond such straightforward considerations.
I was in the canteen as they entered, at a table with Rose and Griff, and I saw McCreadys gesture of helplessness as Barney led the way to a vacant table, hoped that all would be well for both our sakes.
Rose and Griff were not at all optimistic.
McCreadys got that expression on his face, Griff observed. Smugness about to turn to tantrum.
And Barneys wearing one of his face-cracking smiles, Rose recognised. The same smile he wore after he busted Walters nose.
It doesnt augur well, does it? said Griff, and laid a consoling hand on mine, in a confusion of genuine sympathy and grotesque delight.
Doesnt augur well at all, Rose agreed, peeling her veil back further from her eyes and squinting hard, as if she needed to witness every subtle change of expression, every twitch of anger and pain in McCreadys face.
Barney talked as he ate, at McCready rather than to him, arguing that the methods applied to ordinary knowledge could not be used when assessing the merits of religious knowledge. Religious knowledge was of two kinds, he explained, one revealed and the other natural. The first contended that religious knowledge was the product of insight -revelation, as the word suggested- while the second held that there were particular events or facts which offered a foundation for religious knowledge. It was the second of these which was the more convincing, starting as it did with the order and pattern which was seen in the natural world. The effects which could be discovered in nature, the numerous intricate relationships which existed, were so similar to the effects of human planning that it could be easily assumed that the causes which produced these effects were also similar. In the case of human planning the impetus was thought, wisdom, intelligence, so the argument led to the belief that there was also a similar intelligence behind the construction of the natural world. Obviously this underlying intelligence would be deemed to be greater than that of humankind, since the order behind the natural world was far more complex than that behind the human world.
Those of us eavesdropping on the argument nodded our heads in agreement; it was left to McCready, the pervert that he was, to search for flaws.
As long as he doesnt argue back, Griff said to me. Hell be alright if only he can nod and listen and agree with everything Barney says. Thats the way to frustrate the bastard.
McCready, of course, could not simply sit and listen. It was as if he deliberately wanted to be upset.
But with the human world we see both cause and effect, he pointed out. With the natural world we see only effects. And are the natural effects similar enough to human effects to convince us that they both have similar causes?
Barney smiles as he set aside his knife and fork. Very good, McCready, youre starting to think again, he congratulated him.
Griff warned me to prepare myself. Get ready, were reaching crisis point. Prepare for lift off.
But what about it? McCready asked, as Barney pushed away his plate and rose from his seat. Youre surely not going to bugger off now, are you?
My job is only to prompt questions, McCready. You should know that by now. Im not here to give any answers.
McCready swore at him, kicked his chair away and gave chase as the tutor left the canteen.
Oh, McCready! Please! I begged, then cursed him for the idiot that he was. You bloody fool, McCready! Come back! Dont let him upset you!

Chapter Seven
 
If Walter had announced a still-life project, pure and simple, then its doubtful that Rose would have shown any interest whatsoever, but the grand Gallic reference to nature-morte had her with her ears pricked and eager to join in, sweeping up from the gloom of the sculpture department to the painting studio like a fury out of hell.
Walter proposed his subject quietly, almost secretively, remembering how Barney had reacted to the last one, whispered his intentions privately to each student, together with the advice that whatever subjects were chosen should be unobtrusive enough to be easily hidden whenever Barney might make an appearance in the studio.
Small is beautiful, he grinned, sheepishly excusing his cowardice.
Rose, being no more than an infrequent visitor to the painting studio and having no permanent post of her own there, persuaded McCready to make room for her in the chicken-less chicken hutch. It was an unlikely accommodation, for the two of them had never really got on together despite having rooms in the same house; McCready could only suffer with patience Roses morbid extravagances and it required a comparable effort for her to bear witness to his ideas. It was only a working arrangement, though, not cohabitation or a trial marriage, and I guessed that each could become so distracted by their work as to forget the presence of the other.
It was a surprise to me, then, on going to the studio to collect McCready, to find such animated conversation taking place between them. They were working, yes -Rose doing a delicate drawing of a rosary, McCready of an egg- but not in the total silence that I had expected. The conversation I happened upon was of God once again.
You see, Rose, in defining God as the perfect being you are insisting that he exists, for how can a thing be perfect if it has no existence? And not just existence in the mind, mark you. Since its greater to exist as both idea and reality, rather than just as idea alone, then God must exist both in the mind and as a real entity.
Yes, I do see, said Rose, with an enthusiasm which almost -but not quite- brought a flush to her pale powdered cheeks.
It was unlike either of them to be so animated by the topic, McCready by its religion or Rose by its philosophy, but I was just relieved that McCready hadnt lapsed into one of his desperate moods, abstracted and tormented, following his argument with Barney. I coughed to announce my presence and they broke off their discussion, turned to me.
Interesting, I remarked, looking at Roses drawing; she had made the figure on the crucifix looks a little like McCready.
He posed for me, Rose said, explaining the likeness.
And without his shirt? I smiled at him, knowing how shy he usually was about his weak chest and thin arms.
He grumbled something incoherent.
Anyway, are you coming? I asked him.
He nodded, started to pack away his things, as did Rose. She threw on a black knitted poncho, wrapping it about her like a cloak, and the three of us left the studio together.
You didnt have that dress on this morning, McCready finally noticed, looking at me as we stood waiting for the lift.
Very observant, I congratulated him. No, I didnt. I've been home to change.
Why? Are we going somewhere special?
You know we are. Its Ceri's birthday bash tonight.
Rose had not forgotten that it was the Welshmans birthday, she wore a low party dress beneath the poncho, yet even this, with its flash of creamy breast, had escaped McCreadys attention.
Havent you noticed how quiet its been in the studio today? she said to him.
The party boy will have been boozing all afternoon, then? I supposed.
Probably, said McCready. You neednt have bothered dressing up for him. He wont notice.
I punched him hard in the ribs. I didnt dress up for him! I dressed up for you!
Its a lovely dress, said Rose.
Second hand silk from Oxfam, like her own, though of a more cheerful colour and not quite so revealing.
Do we have to go? McCready asked.
Yes, we do.
No good will come of it, you know, he said, as he was persuaded into the lift. You mark my words, anything can happen when Ceri gets drunk, and its sure to be bad. Hell look at the beer and itll curdle, he'll look at us and well end up at each others throats. Ceris a jinx on everything and everyone when he gets pissed.
Dont be silly, Rose told him, taking his left arm as I took his right. Well have a great time.
Or as great a time as Rose would permit herself.
The three of us left the college and at McCreadys suggestion agreed to have a couple of drinks elsewhere before going on to the party. He reasoned that if we were drunk enough ourselves by the time we got there then we might not notice how bad it was.
You should have reminded me about the party, McCready said to me. Idve put a suit on, so you wouldnt be embarrassed to be seen with me.
This was when were in the Golden Cross, a place just behind the cathedral where young men in smart clothes were wooing their women.
Id never be embarrassed to be seen with you, I reassured him. Anyway, you dont have a suit. Do you?
Somewhere. Its probably back home, waiting for the next death in the family.
I noticed Rose give him an appraising glance, probably picturing him in mourning, smiled and dismissed the matter as we were joined by others who were also delaying their arrival at Ceris celebration. Everyone, it seemed, was waiting for someone else to take the lead, all regarding the evening with trepidation.

*
If the party was a celebration then it was of the pagan kind which was suited to a Celt, almost Bacchanalian in mood. It filled the upper rooms of the Campbell and as its centrepiece Ceri was standing on a table as we entered, stripping off his clothes while people who claimed to be his friends poured beer over him. Garments flew through the air like drunken butterflies, flapping madly across the room and then falling to the floor to be trampled underfoot. It was only when he is down to his sodden Y-fronts that he drank down the pint which was offered him.
A little unsteadily he climbed down from the table and stood before us, his body sticky with beer; he asked what wed like to drink, then slapped a hand to his side to look for his wallet.
Where the fucks it gone? he wondered, finding nothing on his naked person which could be used as legitimate currency.
Let me get them, McCready offered, and bought drinks.
Chairs, said Ceri, as he took the glass, his slurred speech distorting the toast, and staggered off in search of his clothes.
Before McCready can even think of saying I told you so I went off to search out other friends, Griff joined Ceri at the bar, and he was left to wander the rooms and see what there was to be seen.
Out of a professed fondness for Ceri the place was filled with both staff and students. Barney was slumped in a chair, too drunk to speak of doubts or deities; Walter was auditioning models and testing their breasts for tactile qualities, wanting them so boyish that he could feel the ribs beneath; others were to be seen in varying degrees of animation or inebriation. McCready lost himself in the crowd, it was some while before he found me again, and when he did it was not to discover me with any mutual friends but with a young man who is a stranger to us both. A university student, I thought. Someone from the polytechnic, McCready guessed,  probably a rugger-playing engineer by the look of him, short neck and broad shoulders. What was most noticeable, though, at least to McCready, was that this strangers face was far too close to mine.
McCready thrust his own face like a wedge to prise us apart, said, Hey! You!
Yes? smiled the stranger, polite yet eager, as though he expected a conversation.
Piss off!
Surprisingly, the stranger did, went away without even offering a punch or an argument.
Quite a boost for McCreadys ego, this was. Did you see that? he said to me, chest swelling. Went off meek as a lamb.
Your size had him worried, I smiled. He probably didnt realise youre standing on a chair.
But Im not, McCready said, before my sarcasm penetrated his drunkenness.
No, I know, I said. And thank you for getting rid of him, he was a starting to be a nuisance, I lied.
Thats okay. Just dont talk to any more strangers while I go off for a pee.
Yes dear. Whatever you think best, dear.
I shouldve twatted the bloke, McCready told Griff, as they stood side by side in the gents.
No, Griff said. Thats the wrong attitude. This is Ceris birthday, you dont want to go causing any bother. 
No, suppose not, McCready agreed, accepting that this was the sensible way, but he failed to keep Griffs advice in mind, for outside the pub at midnight he tried to pick a fight with another who he thought was being a little too friendly towards me. There was much pushing and shoving, a cocktail of voices, threats and advice and incoherent screeches, but this all subsided when a cruising police car pulled up. Apologies and excuses were then exchanged, cautions and promises offered, hands were shaken and vows made to let bygones be bygones in order to preserve Ceris party spirit. Reasonable enough, the police accepted, and drove away, but by this time the reason for the party spirit had gone missing.
Wheres Ceri? someone asked.
There.
Where?
Over that car.
At the end of the road, just visible in the amber glow of the street lights, Ceri could be seen running over the tops of parked cars. A group of us chased after him, McCready and Griff reaching him first and pulling him to the ground. When he smiled up at them his boozy breath scorched their faces.
What the hell do you think youre doing? McCready demanded, giving him a shake. Theres a police car on the prowl, you know.
Fuck em, said Ceri. Come on, lets see if you wimps are up to it.
Up to what?
Gerrover a car in three strides. Hop, skip'n'jump.'
No one else was quite that drunk, not even McCready, so Ceri shrugged himself free and was off again, galloping like a shire horse in the general direction of home. Once on the bonnet, once on the roof, once on the boot he went, or took them in reverse order depending on which way the car was facing. His head bobbed in and out of sight between the parked vehicles a time or two, and then there was a scream as he disappeared completely from view; because the scream came from Ceri, though, no one took it seriously, and the rest of us just sauntered along at the same steady pace. When we reached Ceri he was lying on the ground at the rear of a mustard yellow Volkswagen.
He was moaning pitifully. Fucking Beetle. No fucking boot.
Serves you right, said Griff, taking his arm and lifting him to his feet.
Ceri screamed again and collapsed to the floor.
Come on, Ceri, said McCready, going to help Griff. That police car will be back soon so stop pissing about. 
Leg! Ceri yelled. Leglegleg!
Rose thought he might actually be hurt, Griff believed he was faking, and each time anyone tries to move him he screamed all the louder.
I knelt down and looked at his leg. He just might be hurt, I said. Is this a bit sticking out?
Bone breaking through the fabric of his jeans? The others crouched around to get a closer look, someone gingerly prodded Ceris thigh until he cursed us all away.
For fucks sake get me an ambulance! he screamed.
Perhaps we ought to do, just to be on the safe side, Griff suggested, and there followed a general discussion about whether or not we should.
Rose, sobering up more quickly than the rest of us, went off in search of a telephone, found the discussion still in progress when she returned. Ceri was moaning, now, rather than screaming, and Griff, sickened by the sight of the damaged leg, was throwing up in the gutter.
She took off her poncho and draped it over Ceri.
Ive not snuffed it yet, he said.
Im trying to keep you warm, arse hole!
Then come a bit closer, give me your body heat, he drooled, then grimaced as another wave of pain washed over him.
Rose did move closer, though, knelt at his side, but only to brush the hair back from his face and stroke his brow.
Compassionate, isnt she? said McCready, with a strangely wistful expression. Erotic, too, in a way, hovering at his side like an angel of death.
Sober up, McCready, I told him.
Those dark glossy lips, the deep shadows around her eyes, you could imagine her kissing him and sucking out his soul.
I ignored him, stood at the pavements edge, looking out for the ambulance. Finally it arrived and Ceri was manoeuvred onto a stretcher.
Right, whos coming with him? asked one of the paramedics, when Ceri had been loaded into the vehicle, but no one answers. Well someone needs to come along.
Griff and McCready, Rose volunteered. Youre his closest friends.
Friends? He doesnt have any, said Griff.
Dont be so nasty! Go with him!
Go on, I urged McCready, and reluctantly they went.

*
For the first hour Ceri lay in the casualty department, being reassured by the two of them; two hours after his arrival he was still there, mumbling incoherently while Griff dozed on a trolley and McCready searched the corridors for a coffee machine; three hours pass and there was still little sign of action other than a petite blonde nurse who gave a shimmy of the hips whenever she walked past them.
They were both cursing when they finally arrived home, McCready angrily kicking open the door as soon as Griff turned the key in the lock. Rose came out of her room on hearing them.
What kept you so long?
The bastard was so drunk they couldnt do anything with him, McCready told her. Theyre still waiting for him to sober up.
Rose laughed, raised the cup of coffee she held. Either of you want one?
Not for me, Im getting straight to bed, said McCready.
Ah, well you ought to know that Virginias been sick, then, Rose told him, as he started to climb the stairs to the attic. Must have been too much drink, she threw up in the bathroom. Right after shed popped her pill, too. There was a wicked delight in her tone, the suggestion of a laugh waiting to escape as she said, No nookie for you tonight, McCready.
I wouldnt be too sure about that, he spat back, stamping on up the stairs.
Oh dear, Rose tut-tutted.
As McCready strode into the bedroom I told him Id heard what he said.
Heard what?
What you said to Rose. Here am I, sick as a pig, and all you can think about is your nightly fuck.
Thats not true, he said, beginning to undress. I didnt think what I was saying.
Liar.
It just came out.
You selfish unfeeling bastard.
Oh sod it! Fucking well sod it! McCready cursed, kicking his feet beneath the blankets to get into bed.
One blanket remained stubbornly wrapped around his foot and in his temper he kicked out more wildly, at the bed, at the floor, at thin air and at the bedside table on which stood my old oil lamp. The lamp hit the bare floorboards, inches to the right of the rug, and its dimpled glass sphere shattered into fragments, in the myriad reflections I could see the two of us on our first night together, regarding the lamp as if it was something more than functional, something more than decorative. As if it had some special significance for me.
Id told McCready that it had been a gift from a friend, a friend who was gone. Well so was that persons memory now.
Gone

*
Of course I forgave McCready. I always forgave McCready, it was the one habit which typified our relationship, but on this particular occasion he didnt even notice. There was a meekness about his mood the following morning, a sadness about mine which was rather swamped by a sickly hangover, but his spirits were quickly lifted when he arrives in college to find the letter waiting for him.
In the common room, by the pigeon holes, he read through the letter twice, read it again in the studio, making a point of doing so in full view of Griff.
The smile on his face was a worrying thing.
Good news? guessed Griff.
Sort of. Im having a show, McCready answered, and named a well-known, well-respected London gallery.
A show? You mean like an exhibition? Griff gave a derisory laugh, dismissing the notion as too ridiculous. Come off it, McCready. You dont have anything to show. You dont have any paintings.
So?
So! What're you going to exhibit? Not your twelve foot Hamlet, copied out word for bloody word and scene for boring bloody scene?
Executed in pen and ink of canvas, excused by McCready as an exercise in narrative art.
'Your silly trees?
No.
What, then?
The walls.
The gallery walls? Suffering saints tonight! Griff shouted out, to the studio and its occupants. The berks going to have an exhibition of an empty gallery!
The sarcastic words of congratulation murmured by those present were gratefully accepted by McCready, who grinned smugly and said that the gallery would not be empty but would be littered -his word- with the work of Hockney or Hamilton or whoever was showing at the time; while that person was exhibiting their customarily banal stuff, he, McCready, would be exhibiting the vacant spaces between.
Griff thought it was crazy, he would never get away with it, no self-respecting gallery or artist would ever permit it.
But they already have, said McCready, making the expensive notepaper crackle as he waved the letter beneath his friends nose. Everything is arranged. Therell be posters up stating that while this other chap, whoever he is, is exhibiting his paintings I will be showing the parts of the wall that are left visible.
This idea, even more than any previous one, grievously offends Griffs sense of values or aesthetics or whatever it was he held dear; it was nothing more than a con trick, he complained, it had nothing whatsoever to do with art.
McCready laughed. And what do you know about art, Griff? You surely dont class those sickly romantic nudes of yours as art, do you?
Ha! At least I know which end of a brush to stick in the paint!
So you need a brush and paint to produce a work of art, do you?
No, of course not, Griff had not intended to suggest this, but he was too annoyed for reasoned argument. You know, McCready, your ideas nauseate me at times. They really turn my stomach.
Which is just how your paintings affect the rest of us, McCready countered, looking at the latest nude study of Pam, all pastel pinks and greys, almost monochromatic.
Incensed, Griff took a step forward, menacing. McCready did likewise, following a threatening choreography, and things might have turned nasty if Barney hadnt entered the studio in time to understand what the argument was about.
He inserted himself between them, quite delighted that his students should feel so strongly about their work, said, Now, now lads. Constructive criticism, remember. It must always be constructive criticism in preference to brawling.
This from the man who had given a colleague a bloody nose and a black eye.
Well! Griff complained. You just wait until you hear his latest idea!
I did hear, as a matter of fact, and I think its quite interesting-
Jee-sus! I might have known!
-interesting if only because it poses the question as to what is a work of art.
Tempers subsided at Barneys insistence, Griff and McCready were encouraged to sit down, which they did cautiously, as if their anger was escaping slowly from over-inflated bodies.
Barney pulled one of Griffs paintings from a stack by the wall. Now take this painting-
As far away as possible, McCready quipped.
Now, McCready! Barney cautioned.
Sorry.
Barney placed the canvas like a barrier between the two students, just in case tempers should flare again. The painting. Look at it, he insisted. Now if I say that its so many feet by so many feet, am I making a statement about an art object?
There was silence.
Come on! he pressed. Well?
Griff said, Id like to think so.
McCready shrugged. Can we make statements about anything in this world, art or otherwise? he asked, in accordance with his doctrine of eternal uncertainty; it was usually effective in evading an argument.
Can it? Barney asked.
Well, said McCready, and struggled to quote from past lectures, from books read and articles only vaguely remembered. Facts could only be stated about objects which were perceived, he recalled, and the only facts which could be stated were those which can be perceived. There was not much that his dim recollections could offer, but it was enough for Barney, who accepted what little was said and asked what conclusions could be drawn.
I suppose, McCready ventured, that if we can make statements about ordinary objects then we can also make statements about art objects. After all, theyre nothing more than wood and paint and canvas and whatever.
But is the object on which we slap the title art the same as the work of art? Barney paused a moment, to let the two of them consider the question, then continued: Theres a body of opinion which suggests that a work of art only has existence during those moments when it is recognised as such. An object is identified as art because of a process it undergoes, so that a urinal is a urinal until Duchamp signs it, bricks are bricks until theyre put on show at the Tate. Then these ordinary objects become art objects. Years previous to these processes occurring the bricks and the urinal were everyday objects, not considered art.
But what happens when these objects become art? McCready asked. Do they cease to function on an ordinary level? After all, you can still piss into Duchamps urinal.
Best thing to do with it, Griff grumbled.
And what about the opposite case? McCready went on. If you turn a Rembrandt into an ironing board, reversing the process, does that deny you the right to still consider it as a work of art?
Barney smiled.
Well? McCready pressed, and of course he received no reply, of course he returned home that night in a mood.


Chapter Eight

It was a fortnight later that people were invited to share in what McCready termed his first success, a couple of dozen students who went down to London in the college van, a couple of carloads of staff who followed after. It was a Friday, some of the tutors had homes or families or friends in London, so for them the trip served a two-fold purpose.
The exhibition proved to be something of a disappointment to everyone but McCready, though there were people there of obvious culture there were none who were instantly recognisable, no celebrities, and the paintings which dotted McCreadys exhibited walls were almost as blank and featureless as the walls themselves. There were no Hockneys or Hamiltons on show.
So this is what sells in London? said Griff in disgust.
I suppose the work poses certain questions, said Barney, but even he spoke without conviction for once.
It was a strange introduction to the commercial world of fine art for many of us. As many people were standing between the paintings, staring at the blank expanses of wall, as there were looking at the equally blank expanses of canvas which were enclosed by frames.
Precocious, enigmatic and searching were among the opinions we heard voiced in hushed and reverential tones.
One by one, first Teacher and then others, people drifted away from the gallery to regroup in the nearest pub. It was as if by prior arrangement that we found ourselves there, as if the similar sickness of disillusionment with the capital affected us all at the same time; with the exception of those tutors such as Bobby, who had already made their homes there, it was generally agreed that London was not a nice place to live. For many of us students it would be necessary to move there after college, however, we knew this, both graphic designers and fine artists alike; London was the only place where artists, if they were ambitious, could hope to succeed. As McCready said, it was all very well believing that the work we did could be done anywhere, but there was only one place to market it and that was the capital. The statement was the cause of much dissent and discussion, there were purists like Griff who thought that art was much too precious to be marketed, like any other commodity, but the realistic point of view as proposed by McCready was perhaps the one that we all secretly knew to be true. To be able to afford to paint, once we left college, we would have to be able to sell the work we did.
Bobby was the one the champion the capital, the most effusive in praising it. Perhaps this was on account of her being American, she saw it in a different light; for her it was not so much a city, like New York or Chicago, as a collection of villages, each a self-contained community.
I dont think of myself as a Londoner, she said.
Because youre not, Barney told her.
Ive lived here as long as Ive lived anywhere else, though. Id have the right to call myself one if I chose to. I dont, though. I see myself as cosmopolitan. Thats how the district is where I live.
Keen that everyone should see the place as she did, she issued an open invitation for everyone to join her at a party that night; it was being given by friends of hers, they wouldnt mind a few unexpected guests and she could put people up for the night, she had couches aplenty and a spare bed or two.
How about it? she said. See for yourselves that this place isnt half as bad as you think. Not everyone in London is like those pretentious pricks in the gallery.
McCready wanted to take her up on the offer, stay overnight.
I cant, I told him. Ive got too much work to do this weekend.
And Griff couldnt stay either, he had to return the van to college first thing in the morning, so our party was split in two.
You stay if you like, I told McCready.
You wouldnt mind?
Of course not. Just as long as you behave yourself.
Rose was at his side, in her best black party outfit, and I thought of how McCready had described her on the night of Ceris party -an angel of death, was it?- saw her hover at his shoulder like a lamp-black succubus.
Ill look after him, honey, Bobby promised. You can trust me. Hell be back to you intact tomorrow.
I wondered which of the two females he would be safest with.

*
The party-goers left with Bobby, those tutors who had come by car also got on their way, and of the dozen of us whod travelled in the college van less than half were left. Outside the pub at closing time we decided that we were hungry. The only place we could find open was a late-night delicatessen, where we bought the makings of sandwiches -cheese, salami, pate- which were made up in the back of the van while Griff drove us out of the city.
He was a little drunk, not out of control but a little too exhilarated to drive slowly; on the dual carriageway which led to the motorway no other vehicle passed us. Once on the motorway, his foot down on the accelerator and no need to change gear, he settled back in his seat and shared in the sandwiches. Beside him in the passenger seat I leant forward, my nose against the windscreen, gazing at the luminous ribbon of white which shot ahead like a stream of tracers, out of range of the headlights.
I was looking ahead so that I could forget leaving McCready behind.
Its an experience, isnt it, driving at night? I said.
The best time, Griff agreed.
Thats the thing Id enjoy most if I had a car, going off on my own at night, driving along dark deserted country roads and forgetting about everything else.
Forgetting that the worlds a bit grubby in places, you mean?
Thats it.
Griff pushes cigarettes along the dashboard, asked me to light one for him and pass them around.
Some miles on a road sign loomed out of the darkness, caught in the headlights, giving warning of a service area ahead, and Griff suggested we stop for coffee. He glanced over his shoulder, saw that most people in the back of the van were dozing, no one was in a hurry to get home, so pulled into the service area and switched off the engine. It took some time for the engine to die, as if it too was exhilarated by the night-time travelling.
He went to the cafeteria while I went to the toilets, bought two coffees and was sitting by a window when I joined him, watching the intermittent traffic pass by. There were no more than a dozen people in a place which could seat a hundred and he looked around at them, his gaze switching from table to table.
Whenever Im in a place like this I always start to think about everyone, he told me. I want to know who they are, why theyre here, where they might be going and what they might be feeling.
And what might McCready be feeling at that moment, I wondered. What might he be thinking? Might he be thinking of me?
There always seems to be something sad about places like this, if you visit them at this time of night. It seems the people you see are the ones whore always travelling, unsettled, a bit like the Wandering Jew.
Who? I asked.
The Wandering Jew. Its said he laughed at Christ when he was carrying the cross up to Calvary, more or less told him to get a move on, like a modern day heckler. Because of that he was to condemned to wander the earth until Christ returned.
You seem fond of  sad people and sorry tales, I smiled.
Perhaps I am.
Could this be why he was so fond of me?
When we returned to the van the others were still sleeping, they stirred only slightly when Griff juggled the key in the ignition and pumped the engine back to life.
Its about time they had this thing serviced, he remarked, as we coughed and juddered back onto the motorway.
Yes, a service did seem in order, for the van became increasingly sluggish; it choked and hiccoughed from time to time, then seemed to lose heart totally when we were still four or five miles from home. It died slowly and with dignity, coming to a gentle halt by the roadside. Griff was no mechanic, had no idea what was wrong, so there was nothing for us to do but walk. He roused the others, locked the van, and we all began the trudge home. Soon Griff and I were at the rear of the group, walking less briskly and falling further behind.
Arent you cold? I asked him, for he was wearing only a thin denim jacket over his tee shirt, and above us the stars dotting the sky seemed to twinkle with amusement, as if they held some portent of what was to happen.
Griff said no, he was fine, but he gave a shiver of the involuntary kind, as prompted by inspired music or a poetic phrase. A second shiver came soon after, travelling his body and shaking itself out at the shoulders like those rhythmic ripples with which a mongrel might throw off a damp chill after an icy swim. I took him by the arm and snuggled close, wondering if McCready might be doing something similar. It should have been an innocent gesture, but it made me glow; and Griff too, I supposed, to feel our bodies so close together. In this manner we walked along, following the unlit road through shadowy trees, towards the unseen city.
Your hands like ice, I told him, and tugged it into the pocket of my coat, squeezing his fingers and making them nervous, like frightened little children which had once picked noses and squeezed spots.
Suddenly headlights blazed behind from deep in the night, made fun of our shadows and sent them flickering like funfair reflections at our feet. Griff stuck out a thumb and the car came to a halt beside us, its tyres kissing the kerb. I was hoping for a car with only one occupant, so Griff and I could break free of each other and sit one in the front, one in the back; though it was me who had first drawn Griff to my side I was beginning to find the contact of our bodies unsettling. As the courtesy light came on in the car, though, I saw the driver stretch across, in front of the silent person in the passenger seat, to ask where we were going. 
Griff told the driver, who said he was heading our way, and we got into the back seat. Though the car was not small I sat close beside Griff, felt the warmth of his body again, and of my own, an animal warmth which misted the windows like a teenage passion. Smelling the leather upholstery and hearing the hiss of the tyres on the road I felt a comfortable security within the vehicle; again there was the hypnotic streamer of white markings stabbing away into the darkness, there were no street lights on that ghostly approach to the city, no houses or landmarks save the trees which were all the same in nights anonymity. In addition, though, I felt a strange sense of foreboding and vague suggestions of nightmare in the gloom. I drew closer still to Griff, worried that even then McCready could be drawing closer still to Rose. And would she be as warm to him as Griff was to me?
When the hush was broken by Griffs voice it did nothing to lift the gloom which hung like threatening weather. He told the driver he could drop us there, just ahead, at the junction. We stepped out by the park, a twenty minute walk from home, and waved our thanks at the bloodshot tail lights as they receded, leaving us once again at the mercy of the night and its shivering insinuations.
Feet weary with the dust of town and country were once more cajoled into action, stepping left then right in a mindless military manner. It seemed to me that I had been so long without sleep, with so many plodding steps behind, that I had forgotten how to feel tired; I might have yawned if only someone could have demonstrated how it was done, thought that stretching the jaws to their limit was the way but could not be sure. Under cover of such distractions crept the first sinful thought, a sly suggestion which came up from the rear to tickle the genitals and assault the self control. I had Griffs hand in mine and was holding him close to me. A rosary of prayers went through my mind, but prayer could not quieten the passions, no number of masses or Novenas would be able to quell the temptations I felt.
I moved my hand in Griffs in what could only be read as affection, soft and caressing, and the touch was like sandpaper against my skin scouring away my conscience layer by feathery layer. Nothing was said and it seemed that the sound of our rasping fingers echoed about the street, announcing our unspoken intentions. We paused once, to light cigarettes which became fierce red fireflies dancing before our faces, not bright enough to illuminate my thoughts but vivid enough to make my cheeks burn with shame.
But why shame? Would McCready feel any? Did he ever?
We walked on to the house, in the brown brick shell of which were our separate rooms, and I unlocked the door.
And then, at the door to Griffs flat, I left him, bade him goodnight and carried on up the stairs.
I set the kettle to boil, watched it for what seemed many minutes, and the gas barely agitated the water, as if the watched kettle was peeved by my attention to it. I went through to the bedroom, took off my clothes and put on my dressing gown, returned to the kitchen where the blue flame of the gas seemed to cringe and wither before me. Money for the meter, I tricked myself into believing that the gas pressure was weak and I needed money for the meter, and as I went back downstairs I imagined that my dressing gown was rustling like a tree in a storm. There was no one to hear, but I felt like an intruder. At the door of Griffs room I stopped, knocked, waited.
Griff was also in a dressing gown, much like mine, short and loosely tied at the waist, and he had no questions to put when I asked if I might come in but invited me forward with a gesture of the hand. We sat side by side on the couch, I notice that the room was tidier than usual with Ceri in hospital still, I wondered for a moment where McCready might be.
Yes? Griff then said, but still expected no answer, for we both seemed to realise that there were no appropriate words. He stretched out his arm, along the back of the couch and around my shoulders, as if he was Vitruvian man and I am his woman.
I moved my hand to his neck, my thumb touching his ear lobe and my fingers burying themselves in the curls of his hair. I wanted him to feel that he was being treated as a pet might be, picked up by the scruff of the neck, and this he accepted, he made no struggle but let the pressure of my hand bring our mouths together. I worked my tongue like a reptiles between his lips, probing, running across his teeth and surprising him with its impatience. As I pulled him down on top of me my dressing gown obligingly parted, as if from habit, and for some reason I thought of Moses and the Red Sea, as if my Catholic past was wagging its finger even in this most heated of moments. I wished my conscience back into its dusty sacristy.
With my knee I forced Griffs legs apart, with my hands I pushed his dressing gown aside, at the same time wondering if Rose would be lying beneath McCready, as still and cold as a cadaver. I pulled the dressing gown from Griff so that I could run my fingers across his bare back, whispering softly, encouragingly.
Or would Rose be insisting that McCready play the corpse while she screwed her body onto his, her veil pulled back from her face to show her frigid smile?
No! I told Griff sharply.
He looked at me questioningly, limp and confused, but then became animated once again when I turned him and fell on top of him.
Be still! I snapped, as he started to squirm, and I wondered what it might be like for McCready making love to a corpse.

Chapter Nine

Hi there honey!
I was in a dream, there were things preying on my mind, but a greeting from Bobby was always too effusive to ignore, open and welcoming, as embracing as a cord about the neck to choke out a response.
I said hello, pausing on the stairs.
You missed a doozer of a party, she told me. You should have stayed over with McCready.
I couldnt, I had too much work to do. McCready behaved himself? I asked, though not really wanting to know.
I believed I already knew enough.
He got a bit smashed, you know how it is, Bobby said. He didnt upset anyone though, if thats what you mean. The only ones he argued with are the ones who can take it. And give it back.
Bobby grinned, as if she admired McCreadys moody discord, flashed me a broad cheerio smile and continued on her way down the stairs. I suspected an insinuation that I myself might be one of those who couldnt take McCreadys arguments, then wondered why this should occur to me. What did Bobby know about our quarrels, after all? And wasnt I always the one who did the forgiving, when we did quarrel?
I went to the common room, to have a coffee and to brood.
If reality is activity, as one of McCreadys favourite philosophers proposed, then I could understand the likes of Teacher wanting an escape from it. Was this where peace was to be found, in some extreme which was divorced from reality, in non-reality or surreality? If so then McCready would find no peace, I was fast coming to see that, not because of any surfeit of activity on his part but because of his constant searching for some final definition of reality. It was an impossible task, and my worry for McCready was that he might end up like Barney, so driven by logic and reason that he became a shell of a person, the wandering Jew that Griff had spoken of.
And then my thoughts turned to Griff, wondering how he was, what he was feeling.

*
Bobby breezed happily into the art history lounge and sat herself down on one of the comfortably upholstered sofas. From her own station on the opposite side of the room Edith Billington glared at her.
What are you doing here, Bobby?
I work here, remember.
Today?
If I choose to, Bobby smiled. She was a part-time member of staff, she worked only two days a week and decided for herself which these would be, would often attend another day unpaid for the sheer hell of annoying people.
Edith pouted, lips like a pinch of clay puckering around a sour taste. Youre not here just to cause trouble? she hoped
As if I would. Bobby settled more comfortably in her seat. Whove you got lined up for us this morning, Edith?
It was Griff, who opened the door at that moment, took one step into the room and then stopped, his disappointment obvious on seeing the two women facing him. He had expected only Edith, an amenable and inoffensive person, easy enough to handle, cursed his luck to see that Bobby had chosen that day of all days to make an appearance in college.
Morning Griff, sit down, said both women simultaneously, and each patted the seat beside her. Tactfully he chose a neutral corner, equidistant from both.
So what have you got for us? asked Edith with an expectant smile.
Baudelaire, he replied.
Oh good, Edith purrs.
Oh shit, Bobby growls.
This was the way it would be, the two women at odds with each other while Griff was caught in the middle, like a scrap to be fought over by two bitches. Edith and Bobby were of approximately the same age, but there any similarity ended. Ediths English manner was plain and polite, very reserved, while Bobbys American way was so direct that she bordered on the crude and the coarse. Edith sat forward eagerly in her seat, knees together and hands clasped over the notebook which she held like a missal in her lap; Bobby slouched back with her legs apart, stretching the fabric of her jeans in an obscene manner, her fingers scratching idly at her chest as she yawned.
Charles Baudelaire, Griff began, reading aloud from his essay, eighteen twenty-one to sixty-seven, published his first poems in eighteen fifty-seven under the title Fleurs de Mal.
We know who he was, for fucks sake, so get on with it! Bobby interrupted, her mid Atlantic accent clear and distinct despite the cigarette she now had clamped between her perfectly capped teeth.
Bobby! Please! said Edith.
Dont use that tone with me! Bobby retaliated. You sound like youre reprimanding a pet whos pissed on the carpet!
Edith blushed and told Griff to continue.
What is Good, asks Baudelaire, a vast and terrible question which seizes the critic by the throat-
Oh shit! Someone should have seized him by the throat!
-from the very first step in the very first chapter-
Seized him by the throat and squeezed the fucking life out of him before he could come up with this drivel! This is vomit-inducing! Bobby complained, and went through the motions of throwing up on the carpet.
When Griff looked up from his essay, reasonable rather than rattled, and asked if she wanted to listen or not, she begged him to please continue, a sarcastic smile stretching her lips and baring her gums.
Yes, do go on, Edith urged him.
He continued, asking, as Baudelaire himself might have done, What is the good of criticism? What is good criticism? His voice lowered a fraction, became less dramatic. Baudelaire believed that the best criticism is that which is amusing and poetic, not that which is cold and mathematical-
Bullshit! said Bobby.
Fuck you! Griff snapped, his patience suddenly gone.
Bobby laughed in his face. Fuck me? Boy, you wouldnt know how to! You probably still think your pricks for pissing through!
Get stuffed!
Oh yes? And wholl do that? she sneered, her chest now like two offensive weapons as she leant towards him.
Upset and embarrassed by the sudden outbursts, Edith tried to restore calm. Please, I rather think
Shut up fuck u, Edith, said Bobby, and reaching to the console by her side she switched on the tape deck so that screams from Marat/Sade drowned out her colleagues protests.
Griff rose from his seat and walked to the door.
Hey! said Bobby. Whered you think youre going?
Im not taking this, he said. Im going to see Teacher.
So am I, Bobby decided.
Me too, Edith agreed.
Griff was the fittest and the fleetest, he bounded down the stairs and into the Principals office, not waiting to be announced by his secretary.
Jesus lad, you gave me a fright! said Teacher, spilling whisky down the front of his shirt.
I refuse to face those two fucking women again! Griff said, slapping the desk with his fist which still held his essay. At least not both at the same time!
Which two women?
Bobby and Edith. Who else would I mean?
Theyre coming here? Teacher asked, looking nervously towards the door as he heard voices along the corridor.
Youve got to do something, Teach.
Bloody right I have, Teacher agreed, recapping his bottle. Im getting out.
In a flash he was out of the window, bottle in hand, scampering around to the rear of the building.
Come back! Griff called, but to no avail. He turned and walked back through the secretarys office as Bobby burst in, Edith close on her heels, both barging past him and ignoring him, wanting only Teacher. Bloody women, he grumbled.

*
Griff wonders if it was madness which seemed to affect so many people in the college or if it was simply an over-abundance of enthusiasm, a dangerously bright spark of creativity. Over lunch in the canteen, after relating what happened in his tutorial, he was surprised to hear McCready voice a similar doubt.
Its got you worried too? Griff said, believing that it really was time to be concerned if he and McCready were starting to think alike.
Yes, McCready nodded. It sometimes seems that theres no sense to anything, and Im not just talking about Bobbys tantrums or Teachers craziness. There are times when I cant seem to make sense of anyone, not you or Virginia or even a stranger I pass in the street.
Theres nothing much wrong with Virginia, Griff believed. Youre surely not comparing her to Bobby, are you?
No, not really, McCready conceded. I mean, look at her, theres really no comparison between the two.
McCready was gazing over Griffs shoulder as he spoke, and Griff turned, perhaps hoping to see me, instead dismayed to see Bobby approaching their table, beaming broadly.
Christ! Cant she leave me alone for one minute?
Hi sweeties! Bobby said, smiling her toothy grin as she sat with them and arranged plates of food before her.
Hi Bobby, Griff sighed.
Hey, thats a bit half-hearted isnt it? Youre not still sore at me over what happened in the tutorial, are you?
No, I suppose not, Griff said, and apologised for the argument.
Aw, think nothing of it, Bobby said, with a dismissive gesture of one hand while the other forked food into her mouth. You shouldnt have come out with all that crap about poetic criticism, though. It stank.
He was waxing lyrical, was he? McCready smiled.
You know what Ediths like, Griff said to him, excusing himself. Shes fond of the safe sentimental stuff. Its what keeps her happy.
Oh fuck her! says Bobby, and started to laugh. Yes, screw her and her prim opinions. She needs to get laid once in a while, thats what she needs. Now can you imagine that? she said, spluttering over a mouthful of food and raising a hand to her mouth to catch the debris. Imagine someone giving dear old Edith a poke!
Griff was none too happy with the way the conversation was going, along its single grubby track. He got to his feet, said, You coming, McCready?
McCready nodded and stood.
Whats the matter, boys? My talk getting a little too close to the bone, huh?
Bye Bobby, they both said politely, and had almost got to the end of the canteen before she thought of another funny one.
Hey Griff! she called out, and he was foolish enough to pause and turn, many eyes upon him. What do you do when your bone sticks out? Hang your towel on it to dry?

*
Poor Griff. Bobby sensed embarrassment rather than insult in his reaction, and if her accusation has struck a little too close to home then she almost regretted it. The sad little virgin, she thought, the shy and sensitive artist. Probably still hadnt got his end away after a whole year away from home. She grinned as she walked along the corridor, then paused as she heard music coming from the art history lounge. She approached the room, listened, tried the door but found it locked.
Its George Gershwin! she recognised, and rapped on the door. Let me in!
Go away!
Barney? Is that you? Its me, Bobby! Let me in!
Piss off Bobby!
Open up, you rat!. Youve got a bottle in there!
No I havent!
Open up! she insisted.
The door was unlocked and Bobby darted in with a pink-gummed grin, her head swivelling about to scan the room and then her hands rummaging around to search for the bottle she was sure existed. She tried the cupboards, the bookshelves, the console; beneath the seats. Found nothing.
It sounded like a party in here, she said. I was sure you had some booze.
Its a private party, Barney told her. No booze. Just me and the music.
Bobby was disappointed that there was no drink, but happy enough with the music. She sat down and listened, remembered, thought of home, memories tugging her lower down in her seat and disarming her more than any amount of drink could.
Strange, the way music affects us, she said, sprawling across the sofa, closer to Barney. More so than anything visual.
Barney nodded, reading her observation as vindication of his belief that the traditional visual arts were now so inefficient as to be redundant.
Bobby?
Yes?Can I ask you something?
Sure, honey. Fire away.
Do you ever, er, get the feeling that theres something inadequate about sex?
Her eyes had been closed, as she listened to the music, but now she opened them, swivelled her head around to look at him.
You mustnt be doing it right, Barney, she said with a smile. Or not often enough.
Oh, theres nothing wrong with the technique, Barney boasted, not seeing her smile broaden. Were getting around too it often enough, too, now that Julias got over the birth of the baby.
Whats bugging you then? asked Bobby.
You might as well ask what got Kant in a knot, or what disturbed Descartes. It just seems that after its over theres something missing.
Like a spoonful of sperm, maybe?
Barney frowned at her. Do you want to be serious about this? Id like to be.
Sorry, Bobby said, her brow creasing in earnest concentration. Carry on.
For a moment Barney seemed uncertain, as though reluctant to continue with the subject, but slowly, hesitantly, he explained. There was something lacking, he felt, after the brief flash of orgasm there was always the feeling of being cheated, as though the orgasm had been nothing more than a taste of some brighter illumination which could be better achieved by other means.
When its over I always get the urge to go away and do something more important, was how he sums it up.
Bobby was silent, not smiling, not saying anything at all.
Well? he prompted.
She shook her head. I fuck because I want to fuck. When I do, I know whats involved and I know what Im going to get out of it. Its a pastime, Barney, an entertainment and nothing more. Im not going to bed with someone looking for a blinding insight into the meaning of life, just to enjoy myself.
You never get this feeling afterwards, then?
Only if I go to bed with an incompetent fucker, she said, quite seriously.
Barney was thoughtful, giving serious consideration to her answer whether it deserved it or not. Bobbys head was almost in his lap, her hair already was, tumbling over the cushion which separated them and slipping like silk across his trousers. He twitched a little and shifted slightly, but each movement seemed to bring her closer, as if this was what he wanted. He found himself leaning towards her, wishing that he did have a bottle in the room.
Then the mood was broken.
Whos in there? shouted Edith Billington, after the fumbling of her key in the lock had passed unnoticed. Barneys key on the inside was keeping anyone elses out.
Recognising the voice, Barney pressed his hand over Bobbys mouth, not knowing why, simply thinking it the wisest course.
Mm! Bobby mumbled deliciously.
I said whos in there! Edith cried again, and by juggling her key against Barneys she forced her way in, steadied herself as she fell into the room. You! she said, seeing Barney, and almost in the same breath, triumphantly, as she saw he was with Bobby, And you!
Leave us alone, Edith, said Bobby.
Not until I know whats going on here! Adultery? Infidelity?
Outside, in the corridor, Griff heard the accusation and felt his cheeks redden with shame, as if it has been levelled at him.

Chapter 10

Griff found Rose, McCready and one or two others huddled in a tight group in the common room. They were all talking feverishly, animated despite the early hour. He paused a moment before approaching, checking that I was not among the group; he had contrived to avoid me for days, since the trip to London and our night together, no doubt feeling it would be easier to come to term with his feelings if I was not around to confuse them.
Good, now we have a quorum, said Rose, on seeing him.
A what? Griff said, going to the coffee machine.
Were having a meeting, she tells him.
Balls to that, he said, sitting down to drink his coffee, but Rose insisted that it was important, Teachers secretary had been told to expect them and he must go along with the deputation.
The art school is going to become a part of the polytechnic, see, she told him, taking him by the arm and dragging him along with the rest of the group.
So?
So we lose our autonomy.
Art-onomy, said McCready with a clever grin.
Ah. I see.
The procession passed along the corridor and into Teachers office, where they found the Principal a little drunk, a little earlier than usual.
Youre soon at it, boss, Griff remarked.
Asseyez-vous, mes amis, Teacher smiled, spreading out his arms in welcome and spilling whisky onto the carpet. Youve heard were going to become part of the polytechnic, I take it? Join me in a celebratory drink, why dont you?
Rose sternly told him that the prospect is no cause for celebration, and he laughed; it was no celebration that he said embarking on, he said, but a wake.
A wake?
A requiem for the job Im about to lose.
Oh come on you miserable little piss-pot! said Rose, snapping at his self pity. Dont be so melodramatic!
Its no melodrama, Rose, but fact. The first thing they do, when we merge, is swap Principal of the school of art for dean of faculty. You dont think for a minute theyll keep me on, do you? Teacher shook his head. No chance, not with those pin-striped polytechnic pricks overseeing the appointment.
You mean youre going to have to apply for your own job? said McCready.
Its already advertised, Teacher told them, tossing a newspaper onto the desk. No one bothered to look at it, not even to check what the salary was. But sod applying for the job. Its about time I was out of this fucking hole anyway.
He lapsed into a miserable silence, as though considering his future, or regretting his wasted past.
This is going to cause problems for us as well, though, said McCready, as selfish as an artist should be. Okay, youre leaving. But what do we do?
Forget it, Teacher advises. Learn to live with it. Theres fuck all you can do. Its a fait accompli.
Theres nothing at all we can do?
Not a fucking thing.
He was wrong, though, there was one matter to be considered, one aspect of the future in which they might have a say.
The money in the student union fund, Rose reminded them. Once the art school combines with the polytechnic then the two student unions will also merge. All our cash will go into a central fund.
Do we have any cash? McCready asked her.
Rose nodded. Enough not to want to give it away. Wisest thing to do is spend it before amalgamation takes place.
Wisest thing, Teacher nodded.
But how? On what?
Suggestions of paint or film or equipment for the art school were dismissed as too sensible, Teachers suggestion of crates of whisky not quite sensible enough.
What we could do, though, says Rose, is have a bit of a do in college. We could call it an arts ball or something like that, just to make it seem official and organised.
The general agreement was that this wasnt a bad idea at all, and would make a nice farewell for Teacher too, if he really insisted that he was going.
Touched by the gesture, Teachers eyes became brightly moist. 'Oh! Mes enfants, mes amis! he said, smiling drunkenly into each of their faces.
Discreetly they withdrew, leaving him alone with his tears.

*
It should be quite a binge, said McCready to Griff, as they go upstairs to the studio. A nice end to the term. Youll be going, I take it?
Sure, said Griff. Why shouldnt I?
Well, weve not seen much of you over the past week or so. Not even at the house, let alone anywhere else. We thought you were sulking or avoiding us.
We? McCready and I, the girl he had let fuck him? Griff was ready with his excuses, of being busy, of having work to do, but they werent needed, for as the two of them reached the studio they found the doors locked.
McCready tried them. Locked? At this time of the morning?
But theyre never locked, said Griff.
You wont get in! a voice cried out, Rons, from the other side of the doors. You wont get in cause Ive nailed em up!
Jesus! Whats wrong with him now? Griff wondered, and shouted out to the cleaner to open up, to stop acting like a pillock.
Lets try the other doors, McCready suggested.
Ive nailed them shut too! Ron told them, before either could move.
McCready gave the doors a kick. Open them, Ron!
No! Im not letting you in my studio ever again! Building your dens and splashing you paint
Ron!
. your filthy naked women all over the place!
McCready and Griff started pounding on the doors, telling Ron to stop prattling on like a senile old fool and let them in.
No!
They moved away from the door to confer. Teacher would be too drunk to communicate with, they decided, so went upstairs to Barneys room.
Youve got to come, McCready told him. Rons locked himself in the studio and we cant get in.
Why? Whats wrong with him?
Search us. Youd better come.
They marched back downstairs, curious people following from other studios to see what the fuss was about.
See? said Griff, kicking the door.
Barney hammered on it with his fist. Ron! This is Barney!
Sod off!
Ron! Open the bloody door this minute!
Never!
Well burst it open!
Ill burn the paintings!
As if Barney cared about that. He sent someone for help; from Jim, Teacher, anyone they could find. Then, bracing himself, tucking his chin into his shoulder, he asked for support.
Right, men! Lets have some weight against these doors!
Shoulders were bruised as bodies hurled themselves against the doors, the wood straining and creaking.
I swear it! Ron screamed. Ill set fire to the lot!
And again lads! Barney urged, and the doors finally burst open, spilling people into the studio.
Ron had built a wigwam of canvasses in the middle of the floor and was desperately trying to strike a match.
Grab him!
They charged, four or five of them tackling Ron at the same time and bowling him along the studio floor.
Hold the nut there! said Barney.
Griff and McCready sat on Ron to stop him struggling.
Let me go! the cleaner cried. Youre crazy!
Were crazy?
Crazy, crazy, crazy art students, he jabbered, trying to kick them away, but soon tired and lay back, looking up at the ceiling, panting heavily.
When they finally thought it safe enough to get him to his feet, however, he exploded into action again, squirming free of the hands which held him and sprinting down the studio, straight into the arms of a police constable who Jim had just escorted in.
Trouble? asked the policeman.
Christ, Jim, there was no need to call the law, said Barney.
Jim shrugged.
The nutter tried to set fire to the place, Griff said, frantically retrieving his canvasses from the unlit pyre in the middle of the floor.
Theyre all crazy in this place, you know, Ron confided in the policeman. Crazy, crazy, crazy art students.
Yes, we know, so lets get you away from them, eh? the policeman smiled, his arm around the cleaners shoulder. Whos in charge here?
Fingers pointed to Barney, who was asked if hed mind going along to explain what had happened.
Make a statement? said Barney.
Sort of. If you dont mind.
Jesus, he swore. If I must.
It was afternoon before Barney got back to college, and as soon as he entered the building there was Edith Billington, demanding to know why he was taken away by the police.
Adultery, was it? she smirked. Is that why they took you away?
I wasnt taken away, he pointed out. I went willingly, to make a statement.
A confession. Admitting your infidelity?
For fucks sake, Barney sighed. Nothing happened in your precious lounge, Edith. Nothing was soiled, not your furniture, not our reputations. Everything is as clean as ever it was.
Edith laughed mockingly. You and Bobby were just listening to music, were you?
Yes.
Her head pecked sharply forward. But there was no music playing when I went into the room.
It had just finished.
Ha! Edith snapped her head back. And why was the door locked?
Barney couldnt remember.
Oh, go screw yourself, he said, and she smiled as she turned, as though a victory has been won. Recognising the danger in that smile, he grabbed her by the arm. Im warning you, Edith, you start spreading any evil gossip and Ill-
Edith shook herself free. Punch me on the nose, like you did Walter? Its alright, Barney, theres no need for that. Your sordid secret is safe with me.

Chapter Eleven

You see, Griff, we learn how to live before we learn how to think, were burdened with life and then to find a reason why we should continue with it. Now thats fucking cruel, if you ask me, said Teacher, as a middle aged woman in an unseasonably heavy suit frowned at his language. He paid her no attention, continued: In the minds of most people the only purpose in life is to pass it on. The procreation kick, I call it. The propagation of the species. I wont have it, though. Shit, Griff, the village idiot and his retarded sister are just as capable of procreation as the poet and the artist. More so, probably, since that mindless fucking is usually all they have the brains for.
The middle aged woman drank down her bitter lemon, blew her nose in a lace trimmed handkerchief and left, clucking at Teachers profanities as she passed. There were many other such people in the Golden Cross, office workers and people in smart suits out to lunch, but Teacher and Griff were too deep in conversation to worry about offending them.
Griff, willing to accept that procreation was not enough, was eager to know if the more experienced man had found anything more worthwhile, more purposeful.
Not as yet, Teacher admitted.
What about art?
Teacher smiled. Since Im reputed to be an artist, or was at one time, that should be enough. But no, Im not too sure anymore.
Thats a fine thing to admit to one of your students, said Griff. Im supposed to have some conviction about what I do. Youre supposed to encourage me.
Sorry, Griff, but were all plagued by doubt from time to time, there isnt one of us who doesnt suffer from a lack of conviction on occasion.
Does that have to stop us being happy, though?
Ah, now youre getting sidetracked, Teacher smiled. I dont think happiness goes with creativity. Its something of a perversion, to my way of thinking, the only thing art can bring is a dull contentment.
While contentment might not be a thing which concerned a person like McCready, who had said that the choice between happiness, misery and genius was no choice at all, to Griff it was becoming increasingly important. Especially so since his night with me. He was coming to believe that his life could be content with a person like me.
How about you? asked Teacher. Are you happy doing what youre doing?
Happy with my art? Yes, I think so.
Be honest now.
Well maybe happy is the wrong word, though I cant think of a better one at the moment. Its sometimes like a duty, but even thats not exactly right. I never had to get involved with art but I wanted to, it was my choice. Now, though, it seems more like an obligation than a vocation, a compulsion perhaps, and sometimes painful. Though there are times when I get satisfaction and want to work, there are other times when I just carry on despite myself.
Right, Teacher nodded his understanding, you have to carry on even when you dont want to. Thats how the true artist is, theres always something driving him and he might never even find out what that is.
Does that mean my works good? Griff asked hopefully.
I didnt say that, Teacher grinned. Its honest, though, and that in itself is a novelty these days.
But things are so confusing at times, Teach. Its just the same with Barney and his philosophies. I dont want to get screwed up with his ontological arguments and logical positivisms, not the way McCready does, but I just cant help it. I find myself forced to think about these things. Its like walking past a road accident and being compelled to look.
Quite.
They left the Golden Cross and walked by the magistrates court, along the ancient cobbled alley where there were no morbidly compelling sights to sully the day. The sky was clear, the sun was high and to their left the interior of the cathedral was a blaze of stained glass colour. They make their way to the municipal art gallery where the students were setting up their end of term exhibition.
On the steps of the gallery they found Rose struggling with a plaster column, a trolley on the pavement holding a half dozen more, each about four feet in height. They gave her a hand to carry them up to the first floor gallery.
Youve certainly gone to a lot of trouble, Rose, Teacher congratulated her, as they watch her arrange the columns about the room. This isnt your final degree show, you know. Its nothing more than a dress rehearsal.
If a things worth doing at all, then its worth doing well, said Rose.
Very laudable. So whats going on top of them?
On top?
Yes. On top. They are just for displaying the work, arent they?
Shit no! said Rose, offended. These are the work!
Oh, said Teacher, with a worried glance to Griff as Rose stepped back, studied the arrangement of the columns, then muttered something to herself and changed them around. You think things will go okay tonight? he asked Griff nervously/
Im sure they will.
I bloody well hope so, Teacher prayed, for though he still held little hope of retaining his post as Principal he was nonetheless anxious to create a good impression with the dignitaries who would be attending the opening night, the Mayor and his wife, the bigwigs from the polytechnic and the university.
He looked about the room anxiously.
Ceri, out of hospital now but on crutches, was directing the moving of one of his larger canvasses. As this was about to be rested against the vacant wall at the end of the room McCready came in, hurried over and pinned up a slip of paper on which was printed his name.
Thats my spot, he told Ceri.
Ceri looked at the blank expanse of wall. All thirty feet of it? Come on, McCready, dont be greedy, youll only fill it up with silly bloody trees and the like.
I dont want it all, just that bit, said McCready, pointing to the area covered by the A4 sheet of paper.
Just that?
Just that.
Well cant you move it to one side, then? Its going to break up my work.
No can do, Ceri, said McCready. I need that centre spot for impact.
Ceri grumbled and swore and persuaded his helpers to hump his work back to the other end of the room.
	To Griff McCready said, Im getting to like that portrait of Virginia, you know. Its not half bad.
This the portrait Griff had finally got around to doing, following the night we spent together, and which now hung on the gallery wall, the centrepiece of his exhibition. Griff thanked McCready for the compliment, knowing that the reason the portrait was good was because there was love involved, a passion which McCready would never know.
Coming for an early tea? McCready asked. Then we can get back for the grand opening?
Its not going to be all that grand.
Still, itll be a lark.
They went back to the college, got there just as the canteen opened. Joan was a little abrupt with them, as she had been with everyone since Rons dismissal, but they paid her no attention.
Its turning out to be a great end of term, dont you think? said McCready as they ate. My exhibition, our exhibition, the art school dance to wind it all up.
Great, agreed Griff.
'That doesnt sound too enthusiastic. Theres nothing wrong, is there?
No, Griff told him, there was nothing wrong. Nothing he would admit to, that is. Not even a hatred of McCready anymore. It was just a simple wish that McCready wasnt there, did not exist, had never happened.

*
I joined Griff and McCready at their table, just as they were finishing their meal.
So how are things going with the exhibition? I asked.
Just perfect, said McCready. Ive got the best spot for my work, right in the middle, itll hit people as soon as they walk in. And Griff, hes given pride of place to your portrait.
Thats nice, I said, my smile one that Griff might see as complementing the sadness of my portrait. Ill be along to see it, I promised. In a while, though, Ive one or two things to finish upstairs.
McCready got to his feet and leant across the table to kiss me. Id better be getting back there, need to put my work up, he said. You coming, Griff?
Griff shook his head. My stuffs up, theres nothing for me to do. Ill be along in time for kick off.
Dont be late, remember theres free booze.
I watched him go from the canteen, said to Griff, Hes bright as a button at the moment, has been ever since his London exhibition.
You didnt tell him what happened between us, then? Griff asks.
No I didnt. Why? Did you want me to?
No, of course not. Though in a way, yes.
My smile was rather more tender than joyful, it played as much in my eyes as across my lips. I doubt that hed have minded, you know.
Minded that wed slept together? Dont talk nonsense.
Its not nonsense. Hes fond of you, youre a special friend of his.
So special that hed even share his girlfriend with me?
As if to excuse the perversion of the idea, I said, Anyway, he slept with Rose, didnt he?
Did he? asked Griff.
He wanted to, has done for a while. Ive seen it in his eyes.
Griff was silent for a while, then asked, Could you love two people, Virginia?
Dont I already? And many more besides. McCready is a confusion of people.
Thats not quite the same thing.
No, perhaps not, I conceded.
Griff went up to the studio with me, while I finish one or two chores, and time and again I caught him looking at me as an artist would, as McCready never did, studying each contour and line of my face.
Contemplating another portrait of me? I asked with a smile.
You know Im not.
I blushed, say, Come on, lets go see my portrait hanging in the city gallery.
Id rather just stay here and look at you.
Thats sweet, I said. McCready can never say things like that.
Perhaps he doesnt love you like I do, Griff suggested.
Dont be silly, of course he does, I laughed, taking his arm. Come on, lets go see what the locals think of your work. You never know, you might get a commission.
If I did, I wouldnt accept it. I could never paint another portrait as good as yours.

*
It was a few minutes after seven when we entered the art gallery; the invited guests were already there, with glasses of wine served by Teachers secretary. We took a glass apiece and joined the crowd which milled about the room, listening to the low murmur of opinions for some hint of approval.
Rose went past us cursing, snatching empty glasses from the tops of her sculptures. Made them the wrong size, didnt I? she said. Fucking philistines think theyre tables or something!
We laughed and walk over to the space McCready has claimed for his own; Ceri, also cursing, was standing before the single piece of work.
Will you look at that! he said to us, disgusted by the waste of space.
In the centre of the wall was a small aluminium frame in which the following message was printed, very neatly, probably courtesy of some obliging soul in the typography department:
WHEN A VISITOR (A) OBSERVES ANOTHER
VISITOR (B) OBSERVING THIS PAGE (C) THEN
THE CONDITIONS ARE FULFILLED BY WHICH
MY CONTRIBUTION TO THIS EXHIBITION EXISTS
You like it? McCready asked, swaggering across.
Its another con trick, said Griff, but without any malevolence.
And a bit on the small side, thought Ceri, still annoyed that so much space should be lost to such an insignificant work.
Small is beautiful, Ceri.
Small minded is what I call it, said Rose, running past again, her hands full of empty wine glasses.
Shes upset, Griff told McCready.
I can see that.
We watched her dash across to Teacher, who was having a surprisingly sober chat with the Mayor and his wife.
Will you tell the cunts to stop it? she demanded, forcing her way into the company.
Rose, this is the Mayor-, Teacher began, extending his hand to make formal introductions.
The fuckers keep putting their drinks on my sculptures!
Thats enough now, Rose. Just keep your voice down and mind the language.
See! Rose screamed, snatching a half empty glass from the Mayors wife as the woman was about to set it down on the nearest Minimal work; red wine spilled over the womans pearl coloured dress as Rose tried to explain. The fuckers keep doing it all the time!
A shiver shook the shoulders of the Mayors wife, as though the wine was cold.
You stupid cow! Teacher hissed, pushing Rose out of the way and turning his sickly smile on the whimpering woman. Im so sorry about that, he mewed, like a cat after affection. It was just too stupid of the girl.
Im sure it couldnt be helped, said the Mayors wife, doing her best to return the smile.
Yes, artistic temperament and all that, we should have realised they were her sculptures, said the Mayor, regarding his wife anxiously and anticipating the fury to come later. Still, its time we were going in any case.
So soon? Must you? said Teacher, grovelling in a manner we would never have thought possible.
Yes, we really must. The Mayor shook Teachers hand and followed his wife to the exit. Its been a very informative evening, thank you so much for inviting us, we look forward to the next occasion.
Our privilege, said Teacher, escorting them from the room, all the while looking back over his shoulder to Rose.
Poor Teacher, I said.
Poor Rose, said McCready.
Shell feel the lash of his tongue now, Griff was sure.
Rose! Teacher roared, returning to the gallery. Where the fuck are you, Rose?
Rose was wiping down the top of one of her sculptures with a wad of tissues, scrubbing away the scarlet rings left by the glasses. Yes, Teach?
You tit! You prat! You stupid bitch!
I couldnt help it, said Rose, backing away as Teacher moved menacingly forward. Honest Teach, it wasnt my fault. People kept putting their drinks down on my sculptures. What could I do?
You shouldnt have made them so fucking short for a start! he said, kicking one of his sculptures out of his way, shattering the plaster across the floor and scarring the polished wood. In fact you shouldnt have made such stupid fucking things in the first place!
Here! cried a voice, one of the gallerys attendants hurrying into the room. His voice was instantly recognisable, and the threat he made. Just look at what youve done to my floor! The Principal is going to hear about this!
Ron? said Teacher, turning slowly. Is that you? They let you out already?
Ron chuckled. Mr Teacher? I didnt recognise you.
Well you do now, half wit.
Yes, Mr Teacher.
And if you want to leave this place with your teeth intact youd better get out now, Teacher threatened, then swept his arm out to damn everyone, yelled, Go on! All of you! Just piss off!
In the rush for the door Rose was able to escape unseen, sheltered by Griff and Ceri and myself; we formed a scrum around her and took her to the top of the stairs. It was there that Ceri noticed the case of wine.
I dont think theyll be expecting any more visitors now, he said. Seems a shame to waste all this stuff.
We emptied the case and divided the bottles between us, left the gallery and cut across the city centre, laughing about the evening even while we sympathised with Teacher.
Imagine letting a nutter like Ron loose in an art gallery, said Griff.
Its always the insane who survive, coming up smelling of roses, said McCready, doing a cart-wheel along the pavement and sending loose change spilling from his pockets.

*
Im no virgin, you know, Griff confided in me. I mean that night we slept together I wasnt.
McCready had gone storming ahead, happily drunk; Ceri had fallen far behind, hobbling along on his crutches; the rest of our party was strewn like a slapdash caravan across the park.
It never occurred to me that Griff had been, but instead I told him that McCready was a virgin when I first slept with him, thinking that this information, perhaps offered unkindly, would be ammunition enough to distract Griffs attentions from me.
Ive slept with other girls before, of course, Griff continued, but never with anyone like you.
No, of course not, were all of us individuals, I said, wondering if I could have been so wanton in my love-making, so abandoned, that I had made such an impression on him.
Like a blind man blundering about an unfamiliar room, barking his shins on unexpected obstacles, Griff stumbled bruisingly from one tack to another, trying to speak whatever it was that was on his mind.
Id never treat you like McCready does, he now said. Never.
And how does McCready treat me? I was interested to know.
With neglect.
I laughed. Like Im a pet he got for Christmas and now hes tired of cleaning my litter tray?
What future have you got with him?
Who cares about the future? I said, with a shrug of the shoulders. If Im happy today then thats all that matters. Im certainly not looking beyond my college days, and when I do itll be to plan for a career, not a family and some lifelong commitment.
Optimistically, as if this offered some hope for him, Griff asked, So you dont love McCready that much?
That all depends on your definition of love, Griff. If it means forever and ever amen, then no, maybe I dont. If it means enjoying his company and wanting to go to bed with him, then theres no one in the world I love more at the moment.
Griff sulked, I thought he was going to cry, he looked like a groom who had been jilted on his wedding day.
For goodness sake, Griff, I sighed.
It was then that he said it, offered the admission that I dreaded to hear. But Virginia, I love you.
McCready had warned me that Griff did, long ago, had taken great delight in telling me, and perhaps it was to spite McCready that I took Griffs arm. We walked close together, our bodies touching, as we had done on one previous occasion.
Oh Griff, I sighed again.
He smiled, a little boy lost who was unable to handle adult emotions.
And was it to spite McCready that I went to bed with Griff a second time? Or was it therapy for Griff? I didnt know.
Whatever. While McCready and the others partied on the stolen wine upstairs, in the attic flat, Griff and I lay downstairs in his bed. He would have called it making love, but it wasnt. Its nothing more than a quick fuck, rushed before Ceri could hobble his way up the high street and catch us at it. It served little purpose. If it was indeed to spite McCready then it was of no consequence unless he learned of what had happened; if it was to be therapy for Griff then it failed, for the euphoria of the act quite quickly gave way to further depression and tantrums on a par with the best of McCreadys.

*
It was the following morning, when those fine artists who were sober enough and brave enough gathered in the painting studio for the customary end of term assessment of their work. Barney, conducting the assessment, had been at the exhibition the previous night and must have had a skinful, for he was in a particularly venomous mood.
Right, he said to the students assembled in a semi-circle before him, going quickly from one to the other as if it was a game of clock golf. Well begin with McCready, who I have now come to see relies too much on lucky inspirations and not enough on reasoned industry, move on to Ceri whos not done much work but thinks hes excused on account of the fact that he broke his leg. Thats no excuse, Ceri. Dont get so pissed in future and you might fare a little better. You are not Jackson Pollock. I know how much you admire then man, but thats no reason to end up like him.
Famous? said Ceri.
Dead, said Barney, and shook his head sadly. Grow up a bit, Ceri. Thats the best advice I can give you. He moved on. Rose, your sensory deprivation centre does nothing for me-
But thats the whole idea of the thing, she protested.
-and as for those stupid plaster casts, all they succeeded in doing was upsetting Teacher. Youre lucky you didnt end up in a plaster cast yourself.
He moved on, systematically destroying the work of everyone present.
What about my work? asks Griff, when Barney eventually fell silent. Havent you got anything to say about my work?
Barney looked at the notes he had been consulting, then flung them in the air. Fucking hell, Griff! Need I say more?
Thats it? Thats all you can offer? Well thanks a lot! said Griff, standing and ready to leave.
Very well then Griff, if you really want me to be honest, all I can say is that your works so outdated that its positively petrified. Its sugary, sentimental, so full of schmaltz that it makes me want to puke.
You mean it talks about feelings?
I mean it talks double Dutch. It says nothing to me, Griff, and thats an end to it as far as Im concerned.
What you mean is that you cant understand it, Griff accused Barney. Theres no room for feeling in your life, is there? And thats what were talking about here, not sentiment, but feeling, compassion, emotion.
Its all been done, said Barney.
And it cant be done again? Dont you think that therell always be people who feel and love and cry?
No doubt there will, but theres no room for them in art.
No! said Griff, backing towards the door. What you mean is theres no place for these things in your life! Theres no place for them there because theres no soul there! Youre a fucking desert, Barney! An emotional desert! All I can say is God help your poor fucking family!


Chapter Twelve

If Griff was insanely in love with me, his emotions in turmoil, then McCready was for the moment intemperately ignorant of me, his drunkenness escalating as the end of term drew closer.
There were lots of excuses for getting drunk during that last week of term, little reason to do any work. Those friends who were our contemporaries would not be seen for another three months, they would all disperse, some to work and grub for money while others might roam the continent with a backpack; those older friends who were in their final year we might never see again, there were goodbyes to say to them, boozy ones.
No, Im not drunk, McCready said, before I could ask him, though he had been drinking, and I could only hope that he hadnt supped so much as to make him troublesome or moody.
We were going to a small party at Edith Billingtons, before moving on to the art school dance, and I was keen that he should behave himself.
I was at the wardrobe, searching for something to wear.
Do you think this is alright? I asked, wriggling into a long white dress, its hem of crocheted lace reaching down to my calves. I took a straw bonnet from the top of the wardrobe and held it on my head, my other hand resting on my hip. I had once posed just like this, in just the same outfit, beside my oil lamp, while McCready took a photograph of me, the soft light throwing my face into chiaroscuro shadows. I supposed that the memory had escaped him, though; most probably the photograph was lost, forgotten like the oil lamp.
Perfect, he said.
The dress had a Victorian look about it, the material had the texture of untreated canvas, and the scalloped collar, which should have been fastened to the neck, I had left open at the front. Walking along the street to Ediths house -her house just far enough away from ours to make it a middle class home rather than a students in-between place- the sun was low, had not quite set, and its rays hit my bared neck, making my skin glow like sand on a beach. 
McCready surprised me by saying that I looked beautiful. Gold skin, pale hair, white dress. Its all too much.
You must be drunk! I laughed.
Ediths house is a bit of a mess, she had only just moved in, but once she had greeted us and taken us on a brief tour I was able to see the potential of the place, appreciate the plans she had for it.
Itll look quite nice when its finished, wont it? I said to McCready.
It will, he said. The sort of place we could one day end up with.	
Could we? Was he divining what the future might hold for us? It was not what I expected of him; it was  more what he might expect of me. I was the female, after all, the practical one more able to bring dreams to fulfilment. The notion disturbed me for some reason, I gave McCready an encouraging smile -yes, dreams are fine, but not just at the moment please- and wandered off, spoke to some other people about other matters, behaved as one should at such a party.
There was much discussion about culture and Cocteau and Jean Luc Goddard, it was that sort of gathering, genuine interest sometimes spoiled by pretentiousness, and though I was not all that much taken with it myself I was not quite so troubled as McCready was. He sidled unsteadily up to Edith as she was telling someone about the pate she had served to us. Okay, it was a wonder that the woman could be so lyrical about pate, and it was only with an effort that I could keep the interested smile on my face. but still McCready.
Balls to your pate and get me some meat paste! he blurted out, at the top of his voice, and a dozen different conversations came to an abrupt halt.
He spat a khaki-brown mouthful of chicken pate into his glass and scowled at the people who stared; this was his way, when he was drunk, to be disgusting and aggressive.
In the stylish manner which a certain class of people have, conversations were picked up again so easily, like tatty little scraps which were found in the gutter. That same class of people were used to pate and had grown up with it, but McCready hadnt; he still cherished memories of salmon spread and beef paste and the sore thumbs he got from trying to prise the lids off the chunky white jars.
The wines fucking awful too! he grumbled.
McCready! I hissed, out of embarrassment and annoyance, and Griff crossed over to us, thinking to distract McCready before he realised that it was Riesling he was drinking and not Sweet Australian White.
Its alright, Virginia, he said. Ill get him out of here. You stay and make his apologies.
Again?
Griff smiles at me, as if I should be grateful for the favour. McCready looked at me, but could think of nothing to say.
Go on, Ill see you later in college, I told him, with no hint of emotion.
I.
Come on, McCready, Griff urged. Lets you and me leave these sherry sippers and get ourselves a proper drink.
Griff sounded drunk himself, though everyone but McCready could guess that he was not; he was laying it on, persuading McCready to leave, and he grinned and winked at people as they walked to the door, his arm around his friends shoulder to show that everything was under control.
So clever, I thought, so noble, so annoyingly interfering.

*
Barney, who had been standing close by when McCready threw his tantrum, showed neither disgust nor delight with his students behaviour; it was an outburst of emotion, an exhibition of feeling, and so was not worthy of analysis. It was left to his wife, who I had never met before but who now introduced herself, to offer her opinions and commiserations.
Its the artistic temperament, she advised me, resting her fingertips as delicately as she could on my arm. Barneys just the same at times.
Barney scowled, refusing to accept that temperament could ever be related to his art.
The hand which had been on mine now rested on his with the same reassurance. Its alright, dear, I wont embarrass you, she said. Im just pointing out to Virginia here that all you artists have your moods.
I realise that, I said. I suppose I have my moments too.
Though for the life of me I couldnt remember any as extreme as McCreadys.
We all do, but we weather through, eh? said Barneys wife.
We try to, I agreed, smiling, though I resented the camaraderie which was being taken for granted, the all girls together intimacy.
McCready seems like a nice enough young man.
You dont know him, Barney pointed out.
But Ive heard enough about him from you, his wife said, and turned to me. If hes been able to put up with my husband and his fanciful notions of art for so long then he cant be all bad. Any mood is understandable when a person has been in contact with my husband for too long.
Barney groaned, then excused the sound as a sign of hunger and walked off, heading for the kitchen.
You see? his wife smiled. Hes no better than McCready. No worse, either. They all demand patience of us. She checked on the direction her husband had taken, satisfied herself as to his whereabouts, reminded me again. Its patience thats required of us. Remember that.
To keep my man happy I was to understand his moods, and I understood his moods because keeping him happy was my prime concern? Was it duty, then, rather than love? I wondered what it was that Barneys wife felt, thanked her for her ill-received advice and stood with her in silence, surveying the crowd until her husband returned.
Bobbys here, Barney told his wife. Lets mingle.
Your Yankee colleague? Where? she asked, straining her neck to see over the mass of heads. I must meet her.
Why?
To see if shes as bad as you make her out to be. She asked me, Do you know here, Virginia? Is she like Barney says?
I really couldnt say, I answered.
She is, believe me, Barney insisted.
Well I think Ill make up my own mind, his wife said, determined.
If you must, Barney shrugged, and the three of us waited as Bobby approached.
I was quite impressed, then, by the social graces and polite airs of Barneys wife; she was friendly without being fawning and this seemed to bring out the best in Bobby, whose manner was equally smooth. So smooth, in fact, that it could be imagined that all Barneys accounts of her had been no more than fabrications.
Bobby, this is Julia my wife. Julia, Bobby, said Barney, introducing the two women, and this was all he was permitted to say, for then he was cast aside while they became acquainted. Only occasionally would one or the other bring him into the conversation, letting slip some reference to college or an opinion of some member of staff who was at the gathering. To all intents and purposes he might not have been there.
Another drink, Virginia? he said to me.
Thanks, I agreed, and walked through to the kitchen with him.
Edith was there, prim in a floral summer dress, and her wicked smile seemed quite out of character.
Too much for you to take, is it? she said to him.
What? he asked, pouring drinks for the two of us.
Your wife and your mistress together, comparing notes.
Barney looked at me and I tactfully turned my head, smiling, it had nothing to do with me. Then he said, Oh piss off Edith.
Men! Edith grinned delightedly, turning on her heels and flouncing off.
And what does she know about men? Barney grumbled, glaring after her. I doubt shes ever had one. He passed me my glass of wine, said, You know, Virginia, I feel like getting really smashed tonight. Not so smashed that I make a fool of myself, like McCready. Just pleasantly pissed.
I could understand how he felt, stayed in his company because he was not about to offer advice, as his wife had done, nor comment further on McCreadys behaviour, as others might. Despite all rumours to the contrary he was simple uncomplicated company.
Some time later his wife returned.
Do you know, Barney, Bobbys not at all like you said she was. Shes certainly a lot nicer than you made her out to be. It just goes to show how you can misunderstand people.
Shes mellowed of late, said Barney.
Just the sort of colleague you need, his wife continued. In fact, Id go so far as to say that shes just the right sort of mistress for you too, if you needed one. Barney spluttered over his drink as his wife said to me, And I sometimes think that a mistress is exactly what my husband needs.
Barney thumped his chest, killing the choking spasms which shook him. You think I need a mistress?
Well if you dont need one, youre certainly getting to the age where a man usually takes one.
Barney laughed, bravely I thought, said, So you want me to have an affair with Bobby?
Well taking a mistress would prove that youre normal. But no, perhaps not Bobby. A man should never have an affair with a friend of his wifes. Thats peeing on your own doorstep.
Bobbys suddenly a friend of yours, is she? But youve only just met.
I know that, yes, but I really do believe that we could become good friends. In fact weve already agreed to go over to Stratford together next weekend. A fondness of Shakespeares just one thing that weve found we have in common.
The Bobby I knew and the Julia I had just met seemed poles apart, and Barney was obviously of the same opinion.
You really think you could have anything in common with that woman after all Ive told you about her? he asked.
I know youve been exaggerating now, she said. By the way, are you going on to college later for the party?
I was thinking about it, Barney said, a little hesitantly, as if not sure whether his wife would let him.
Good. Then I think you might take Bobby with you. And Virginia too, of course. You are going, arent you Virginia? she asked me.
I returned the nod as Barney asked, Why?
Because the poor girls chap has gone on without her. You could do with a lift into town, couldnt you Virginia?
Really, its not necessary, I said.
Nonsense. Barneys only going to give you a lift, you dont have to dance with him, his wife laughed.
Why Bobby? Barney meant.
Because- his wife said, and that was all, for Bobby then rejoined us, having obviously spent some time in the bathroom doing things to her face.
Okay? she asked.
Its all settled, Barneys wife told her. Ill take a taxi home and Barney will drive you into college. And Virginia too.
Please- I protested, but was ignored.
Well, the babysitter will be wanting to get off, Barneys wife said, consulting her watch, and gave him a kiss on the cheek. Bye darling.
Erm
And Ill see you next weekend, she said to Bobby.
Yes, Im looking forward to it.
And you, Virginia, dont forget what I said about patience.
I wont, I promised.
Barney looked quite confused as he watched his wife walk away, saying her goodbyes to other people as she went.
Bobby nudged him. Should we move on too?
What?
Should we join the rest at the art school dance?
Oh. Right, said Barney. But tell me, Bobby, how did you manage to make such a good impression on my wife?
Charm.
And why?
Bobby grinned at me as she led the way out to Barneys car. Why what better way to start an affair than to make friends with the wife first? Eh Virginia?

*
The second floor of the art school is bright and raucous, like a funfair on the on the quiet edge of the city with lights flashing as though bulbs were popping in time to the music. As the three of us approached the entrance we had to sidestep the chicken bones, dodge the debris of the buffet which was being thrown from the windows.
Here Barney, catch this! someone shouted from above, and a whole fried chicken burst on the ground at our feet.
Are you sure you want to go through with this? he asked Bobby.
Im sure, she said, with an ambivalent glint in her eye.
There was a porter at the door, cuddling a glass and a litre bottle of wine, stationed there to keep out undesirables. We walked past him, climbing over bodies in grotesque embraces, made our way upstairs, feet slipping on greasy chicken skins and tripping over outstretched limbs. The crowd swamped us as we got to the second floor, someone presented me with a drink, people were talking and people were shouting, twisting like tortured reptiles in competition with the music. A plastic glass of beer flew through the air, turning with topspin and spilling over the girl who was dancing before Ceri. Her hair was suddenly damp over her shoulders, her blouse wet and shrinking against her body.
Take it off! he ordered, trembling on his crutches, and she began to unbutton the blouse, peeling it away like a sensual second skin. He licked at her neck, her bared breasts, her stomach, crouching lower until his crutches slipped beneath him and he was on his knees, soaked by the beer which she was wringing from her garment.
Griff came staggering closer, trying to get a better view, and lost his footing in the pool she had made, falling to the floor laughing, slipping every time he tried to get up.
Youre pissed, Ceri told him, taking his mouth from a sticky nipple as he force fed Griff more beer.
Degenerates, Edith Billington sniffed, still looking cool in her floral summer dress, and stepped over their bodies to speak with Teacher, who at that moment was in charge of the music. Havent you got any Satie or Stravinsky? she asked, her voice a high pitched screech.
Dont be daft, Edith, he told her, spitting whisky, and she snorted and moved away.
You can really let go with Stravinsky, she said, and it was plain that even she was not quite as together as usual, weaving as she did between objects which werent actually there. 
I made my bruising way through the crowd, crossed the room, stopped at the door to the canteen. There, on the tables, I saw row upon row of crisp brown chickens, a banquet rather than a buffet, the food which made an occasion of the evening, an excuse for the drink. And amid them all was McCready, his head resting on a table, cradled in his arms, while Rose sat at his side, looking even more funereal than ever.
Look at all the fucking things, he was saying. Burnt brown carcasses. You remember my chicken, Rose?
He looked up and Ill swear I saw tears in his eyes.
We buried it, Rose nodded.
Under the ring road. Tons of concrete and hard core on top of it.
Never mind, she said, her voice soft and soothing, her hand on his shoulder, fingers creeping beneath the curls at his neck
Ceri hobbled past me, into the canteen, picked up a chicken and took a bite out of it.
Ceri! said Rose, as it it was some sacrilege he was about, as if it was the Holy Eucharist he was taking a piece from.
Put that chicken down! McCready told him.
Fuck off, Ceri grinned, white meat at the corners of his smile like a mouthful of feathers.
I said put it down! McCready repeated, and throws a chicken at Ceri.
Ceri caught the bird full on with a swing of his crutch, peppering the walls and ceiling with fragments of flesh and bone. A second chicken he struck just at his feet, a perfect cover drive, sending the carcass sliding along the floor, back to McCready.
Great! McCready beamed, switching so quickly from anger to delight, like a child distracted by a new game. He pushed all the tables against one wall while Ceri pulled a rubbish bin into the centre of the floor.
Here's the wicket, there's four runs for the windows and six for the far wall, said Ceri, laying down the rules of the game, and McCready bowled a chicken at him.
Ceri struck it, but it disintegrated before it could reach either boundary, and as McCready ducked and spun on his heels he finally caught sight of me.
Virginia! You be wicket keeper!
Patience and understanding? Were these what was needed? It seemed to me that the qualities McCready demanded of me were those of a nursery teacher. I turned and left, felt the breeze of a full toss go flying over my head as I opened the door. There was manic laughter behind me, ahead the Rite of Spring thumping like an express train, and my only escape was a quick left turn into the toilets, there to find Bobby and Barney banging away on the floor, Barney trying to whisper unqualified sweet nothings into Bobbys ear while she squirmed away on the cold tiled floor, her skirt up to her waist and her knickers down to her ankles.
Hi there again honey! Bobby smiled over Barneys shoulder, and I would have preferred a more feminine embarrassment for once, a more predictable blush.
As it is Bobby just lay there like a Barney's very own wanking machine.
Go away, theres a dear, Barney grunted, which is a little better, but even he didnt bother to break his stroke, just kept pumping away, pushing Bobby closer and closer to the wall.
Dirty bastards, I muttered, and went into a cubicle. There was an unopened bottle of wine cooling in the toilet; I removed it, did what I needed to do, then left, taking the bottle with me. Bobby was halfway up the wall by this time, hugging Barney to her.
The music met me like a hammer again, a heavy beat which seemed to make the windows bow, and then there was a screech and boos and applause as the music system fell to the floor. I had to get away from the noise for a while, I needed some peace, and upstairs in one of the studios was the only place I could hope to find it. I climbed the stairs, hearing the din behind me growing fainter until, on the fifth floor, it could barely be heard. In the painting studio I flicked a single switch, which illuminated one corner and gave me enough light to see by, searched around for a palette knife and dug the cork out of the bottle. It was not until I sat down that I realised I was in Griffs workplace, not until I lifted the bottle to my lips that I saw my image all about me, in pencil and charcoal, in pastels and paint. He had made his cubicle like a shrine, from the single drawing I had posed for  he had  conjured a lifetime gallery of portraits.
And in each one I saw an inexplicable sadness, a whole blue period of misery. Was this how Griff saw me? Was this how I was? And all because of McCready?

*
Downstairs, it seemed that the music had grown even louder, tracks changing continually, sad songs, logical songs, clashing classical songs of joy which had people jumping when I entered the room, making cymbal sounds with anything which came to hand.
Griff was beating his head with a drinks tray.
Some party, eh? he said.
I gave a non-committal shrug and sat on a window ledge, feeling a cold breeze through the open window freeze my dress to my flesh. Ceri came over to us, back bowed like a sleuth, eyes flitting back and forth.
Have you seen her? he asked.
Who?
The girl whose tits taste of brown-bitter, he said, and then burst out laughing. Ha! Thats what Ill call em! One brown and one bitter!
I think she wandered off with Walter, Griff told him.
With Walter? But she isnt his type, is she? Shes not flat chested?
Almost pert, Id say they were. Like two little pears about to ripen.
Is that right? Ceri turned to me. Shit but thats no good! I need someone with breasts like pillows, big enough to hide my face in!
A mother figure, Griff understood.
You just keep my mother out of this, fucking pervert! Ceri said, thumping away on his crutches.
Was I drunk or was all this really happening to me? I went out onto the balcony, taking more drink with me to chase away the drunkenness. Below, people walking the sane streets looked up at the college as if wondering what they were missing.
Not much! Youre not missing much! I shouted, and two young men shouted something back, stuck two fingers up at me.
I looked up at the night sky, away from them and their kind, refusing to admit that I might envy them their ordinary lives.
I heard a voice behind me. Youre Virginia. Youre a painter.
I turned, smiled at McCready. The cricket match is over, then? Did you win?
Do I ever?
He was in that state of inebriation where aggression would give way to self pity.
Youve really got it bad today, havent you? I said.
Got what bad? he asked.
Whatever it is you get, whatever it is that ails you.
I couldnt tell if he blushed, not in the moonlight. Probably not.
Arent you going to comment on my performance tonight, at Ediths? he asked.
No, I say.
Why not? Why dont you shout at me, curse me, call me a bastard or something?
Id prefer to understand rather than to argue, I replied.
But if I cant understand then what chance have you got?
I shook my head and finally McCready apologised, said he was sorry for behaving the way he did.
Dont bother about it, I told him.
You really can forgive me anything, cant you? he smiled, hugging me to him.

*
There was the slightest hint of a sunrise at the edge of the sky, a weak orange glow in the east. I sang to myself as I walked along the road, but kept coming up with ballads which were too emotive. I sang louder, like a drunkard, trying to blot out the memories which were being evoked.
Alright dear, keep the noise down.
Why? There were no houses nearby, there was no one to disturb. The only one disturbed was me myself. I stopped singing and looked to my right, saw that there was a police car cruising slowly along at my side. It accelerated a few yards ahead and then stopped; one of the two officers inside got out.
Whats in the bag? he asked, as I reached him.
Just a few clothes.
Lets have a look.
What did he think? That I was a cat burglar? I opened the bag while he looked at the contents, then zipped it up again.
A bit early for travelling, isnt it love?
Ive got an interview in the morning, I lied. I had to leave early.
Wheres the interview?
Up north, I said.
Hitching?
Thats right.
Get in the car, then. I reckon we can give her a lift as far as the motorway, eh?
Dont see why not, said the other policeman, the one behind the wheel, as he leaned across to open the back door.
I climbed in and they drove on.
Dont think Im being funny, but did you have a boozy night? guessed the policeman in the passenger seat.
Sort of, I admitted. End of term party.
Students, the driver smiled, with a shake of the head which is not disapproving.
Know how to enjoy themselves, his partner nodded.
May as well while theyre young, before they have to settle down to a responsible life.
Right. Theres something to be said for freedom.
Oh Christ! They were going to envy me! Mercifully we reached the motorway and the car came to a halt.
Here you are love, and mind you stay on the roundabout. No wandering down onto the slip road or well have to chase you.
You can trust me, I promised.
Well, good luck with the interview. Might be an idea to suck a few mints, get rid of the smell of the booze on your breath.
Thanks, Ill do that. And thanks for the lift.
The police car drove off, circled the roundabout and headed back towards the city. I waited until it was out of sight, then walked a short way down the slip road. After all, what chance was there of someone stopping for me there on the roundabout?
The sun had now started to climb over the tops of the trees, it was morning and I was tired. I sat down on my bag, elbows on my knees, ready to stick out a thumb whenever a car should come along. I yawned and tasted yesterday in my mouth, wondered if tomorrow would taste as bad. Bed would be much more preferable to sitting there in a morning which was still chilly, bed with McCready -or Griff?- and I set myself a deadline, a half hour perhaps, said I would go back into the city if no one stopped for me in the next half hour.
It was twenty minutes before I heard the first car approach. I raised a thumb, not bothering to look up until its wheels nearly took off my toes.
What the-! I said, jumping to my feet. I was ready to curse the driver when I recognised the battered old Volvo saloon, saw the red head inside shaking with amusement. Teacher!
Oui, cest moi, Teacher grinned, and the smell of whisky was strong, wafting out of the car as the window was would down. Comment ca va, Virginia? Do I take it youre finished with college too?
I dont know, it doesnt make sense to me anymore, I said. Then: Yes, I guess so. For the summer at least.
Want a lift then?
Where are you going? I asked, not that it mattered.
Norths the way the cars pointing.
I looked in that direction, then turned back to face the way I had come.
Well? What about it? Teacher asked. Make your mind up. You cant sit there all day like one of McCreadys silly bloody trees.


BOOK THREE

VIRGINIA FAIR

a portrait of the young woman as someone who does
Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways

Chapter One

Damned, Virginia was damned, Nature, God and all the ministering angels were damning her while punctured clouds baptised her, a bitter rain seeping uninvited down her neck and to that soft hollow of the spine which one man, at least, had professed to love so dearly. Her hair would stink, no doubt already was, lank locks which could flatter those of Medusa and her sisters, and she realised too late that she should have shown more presence of mind, should have had the foresight to take a bath before allowing herself to be so ingloriously expelled. Yes, she should have glossed her hair with his apple-scented shampoo and feathered her armpits with his apple-scented talc; an orchard could flourish beneath such a heavenly torrent. There had been no time to consider such things, however, not when her health, perhaps her very life, had been in jeopardy; a knife between the shoulder blades is the cowardly mans way of saying go, you done me wrong, and she could picture herself in his saffron coloured tub with the modest plastic curtain pulled across, lathering her groin as in he came, shivering to see the condensation on the tiles and considerately tossing her the electric fire. To keep her sizzling warm? No thank you! Virginia had left in a hurry, unwashed, with barely the flash of a second in which to fill the plastic bag she now clutched, its neck tight in her frozen grip so that the treasures it held should not become sodden.
As she weaved her way across wet pavements shiny with street-light haloes she wondered if it was an Aladdins cave she carried, or a Pandoras box. She would have to check, the speed of her departure had not allowed her fingers time to discriminate as they snatched out desperately for belongings. But first she needed shelter, from nature who was peeing on her and that vengeful deity who was tormenting her, spinning a teasing spiders web of tribulation about her body.
Yes, God is a man and vengeance is His; masturbate and you go blind, fornicate and Hell blast you with rabies.
Rabies? No, she knew that she meant babies, and she worried that her mind might becoming as weak as her body was weary, addled and beaten to nonsense by the elements. And yet she felt that it was better to suffer the present divine deluge rather than be saddled with offspring, shackled by the baptismal rites which would bind her to a baby. She could see the child in her most restless dreams, the pink face so unlike her own, gurgling mummy from the font at a prodigious age; it was mischievously reflected in the puddles through which she splashed.
Shelter! she almost cried aloud. Give me shelter, God damn you!
Gratefully she skipped squelchingly into a convenience which she happened upon, the place appropriately named at last, and with the glossy white ceiling between herself and the Others churlishness she thumbed a dripping nose towards heaven, shook herself and looked around, thinking about her riches and acknowledging that she had to act quickly before the swag disintegrated into nothing more than a wet dream. Crossing her fingers she dipped them expectantly into that bran tub of delights, searching the plunder for clues and directions.
First she pulled out a book, hoping for something prophetic but finding only one of his trashy pieces of literature. Cursing, she tried again and tangled her fingers in a midnight feast of textures; his silk shirt, her jeans, his silk boxer shorts.
No knickers?
No. 
This was particularly remiss of her, she thought, to forget her undies, and as she stuffed his silk things into her pocket she imagined him being left with her knickers, wondered what it might now be like for him if he had to walk about with his penis tucked into her tight cotton briefs, wondered if it might give him a twenty four hour erection. Becoming annoyed with these base thoughts, impatient with the awkward fumbling about, she tipped the remaining contents of the bag into a washbasin, carefully lest there be Ming or crystal or other negotiable bric-a-brac there, and she saw her world before her like a childhood bowl of vomit; observing it, she had to make an inventory, for to itemise was to make concrete.
'One distasteful novel,' she noted, 'his, to be kept for the moment in case theres no toilet paper in this place. One pair of silk boxer shorts, his again, these to be worn out of necessity, but only after first uttering a prayer that motorists pass me by with caution.'
This was a prayer unlikely to be answered, it had to be admitted, considering the way that Virginia was being treated by the One above; luck was all bad and she would probably be flattened by a charabanc full of sex-starved house-surgeons, squashed like a toad in the road and left to the mercy of their clammy groping hands.
'Anyway,' she sighed, willing to submit to the ordeal if only out of curiosity, 'I also have one red silk shirt, his, this also to be worn if the after-shave which lingers about it is not too painful to recall; one hairdryer; one address book; two bank statements. Huh! Its not much to show for four months with the swine!'
The goods went back into the bag, and Virginia and hers -for they were now hers- went into a cubicle. There she changed her sodden blouse for his silk shirt and emerged a new woman. She looked into a mirror to consider the transformation.
Yes, she smiled, she believed that his red silk rather suited her. But wasnt the hair a mess, though! This was thank to He who was in the beginning, is now and forever shall be Virginias greatest scourge. The marks of the lash could be felt beneath the fine red silk and it had to be admitted that the Lord was a mighty powerful adversary. This time He would be thwarted, though, by the ingenuity of Virginia and the technology of this marvellously industrious century; a flick of the comb and a blow of the wave and all would be well.
'Hello! Anybody there?' Virginia called out, her voice roaring about the cavernous place and rattling the loose ceramics. 'Atten-dant!'
Where was the berk?
'Yes?' came the quiet reply, and Virginia followed the voice to find the creature, reluctantly dragged from its lair like a worm straining against the pull of the early bird.
The creature -Virginia found it difficult to think of the attendant as anything else- pushed glasses against a snub protuberance in the middle of its face, tilted back its head to keep them there and looked down a nose so tiny that it might not have existed.
Virginia said that she needed a socket.
'A what?'
'A socket. Soc-ket! Ee-lec-tric-it-ee!'
'Eh?'
Virginia counted to ten and there was her renowned self-control; she was patient with the worm. 'A hairdryer.'
'A what?'
'Hair-dry-er!'
The contraption was waved where the nose should have been and a smile crept across the puckered face of the attendant, mouth stretching as only the mouths of the intellectually constipated can, lips parting to offer a graveyard of moss-green teeth.
'Oh. A wash and brush up. Ten pee.'
'Pee yourself,' said Virginia. 'All I want is the use of those three holes in your wall.'
'Still constitutes a wash and brush up. Still costs ten pee.'
It was obvious to Virginia that the woman was not au fait with the way the hierarchy worked; worms belonged at the bottom, where they had always been and ever would be, and she was tempted to pound the grubby creature, to push it back into its servile niche. By way of compromise, not especially fond of violence, she took the greasy chin between finger and thumb, turning the face a fraction to divert the foetid breath, and spoke gently yet with authority.
'Listen, creature of dirt, if you do not introduce myself and my hairdryer to your electricity outlet I shall force your brittle spine through and around the nearest U-bend.'
She has always been a great one, Virginia, for the persuasive patter and the well-chosen word.
'Here! You cant say that to me! Im a council employee!'
'I just did. But dont worry, I shant repeat myself.'
She pinched the old womans flesh with difficulty, her fingers slipping over the slack oily skin.
'Alright! Alright! Its over there!' the attendant cried, appreciating the truism about actions speaking loudest of all.
Virginia thanked her, worm though she might be, for her politeness was her one great failing and had been with her since the cradle. She crossed the floor and inserted the plug into the socket, hoping the hairdryer worked for it would have to be sold at the earliest opportunity. As she dried her hair she only regretted that she had not had time to take the stereo. Yet what  was music without style? Her appearance was her fortune, to be cared for and maintained, and a fifty watt sound system would have little effect on her tangled locks... unless the music was to his taste and made each lock stand on end!
She smiled, pleased that she had retained her sense of humour though she might have lost all else, and the machine teased and caressed her hair into more silken strands. She noticed a hint of grey in places, which she thought was quite distinguishing. So how about tinting the curly bits between the legs? What an impact that would have! She could imagine young men mute in wonder, approaching with open mouths, tentatively touching, thinking that her genitalia might be sterling silver. She would smile and beckon them on and suggest that they suck it and see.
All this while the cretinous lavatory attendant was intruding on the reverie, reflected in the mirror over Virginias shoulder, but it seemed like admiration in the bloodshot eyes so the poor unfortunate was not chastised. Let her look and learn and be consumed by evergreen envy.
The work was finished and the recovery completed. Virginia packed her things into the bag and walked to the exit. As the attendant followed her she heard a slight cough, that respectful hiccough which said thank you for allowing me to serve. A gratuity was hoped for, no doubt, and Virginia gave a shrug, rummaged through her pocket and tossed away a shiny silver coin. Then she was gone, out onto the street before her lucky French franc -what luck had it brought her recently?- could be recognised in the brightly artificial light below. Her duty was fulfilled.
She was a great one, Virginia, for returning the favour and seeing that justice was done.

*
The rain had stopped, a blessing which Virginia could only acknowledge with the greatest reluctance, guessing that it had been given grudgingly and was in no way indicative of a brighter future. Still, she was happy to feel her hair flowing freely behind, rather than hanging in lank strands about her face, and she bounced on her way, past the railway station and then uphill. Before her the cathedral stood tall and conceited, dripping against the grey sky, a dull beacon directing her home. Stepping into its shadow she crossed the road and counted her way along the row of once grand houses, now all alike in their disrepair.
Her key slipped smoothly into the lock of number eleven, so this at least had not been changed; hopefully everything else would be as she had left it.
She entered the hallway and climbed the uncarpetted stairs, noticing that the bannister was a little less safe and the walls a little more yellow, the paper peeling and jaundiced. These apart, it seemed that nothing much had altered. Music and voices mingled in the common ground outside each room, and if the people within were different this would not matter to Virginia, for they were always very much of a kind. What was important was that her own flat should be as she had left it, that it should still be hers and not let out to anyone else; the rent had been paid during her absence, certainly, but this guaranteed nothing.
On the third floor, at the end of the corridor, she saw the doors which led to the two rooms of her flat; neither appeared to have been tampered with, the postcard from Parma was on one and the picture of Thomas Aquinas on the other, both with colours a little more muted than before but still firmly fixed.
Halfway along the same corridor was a third door, slightly ajar; she tapped on it and entered.
'Goomer? John Goomer?'
A paper lampshade hung from the ceiling to within inches of the floor and in the dim orange light which crept apologetically from it she could see a young man squatting on the carpet, preoccupied with whatever was laid before him, his blonde hair burning beneath the coloured bulb.
'Virginia, home at last,' he said in a matter-of-fact tone, unwinding his feet and standing, losing whatever had occupied his attention in the shadow he cast. He picked up a coat, took Virginia by the hand and pulled her back to the door.
'I-'
'Come on, Virginia, drop your things here. Youre just in time.'
Virginia huffed as she was hurried from the room, a little peeved by the reception; she might just have come home late from the pub, rather than from a four month absence and a relationship gone sour.
'My flat,' she said, anxious to know that it was still her flat and had not been rented out to anyone else, but Goomer did not stop to listen or reply; he scampered on down the stairs, tugging her along after him.
Outdoors he held onto her hand, as though he worried that she might be carried away by the breeze which swept up from the river. Weaving between the early evening drinkers, past bars and restaurants down the cosmopolitan slope of Hardman Street, they headed across the city.
Goomer had plans for Virginia.
'Youre an artist, arent you?' he said, squeezing her hand to insist that she was.
'No,' she answered, but he ignored her.
'Well this friend of mine, Coral, she runs a wine-bar, the Corkscrew, and she wants some paintings to tart the place up for the jazz nights she holds, real Left Bank stuff.'
'Im not an artist,' Virginia repeated. 'I do Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways.'
Goomer gave her a kiss on the cheek to silence her. 'Youll cope.'
The smile which followed, as if the kiss might not be enough, was a persuasive peeling of the lips, curling up at the edges as always in a manner which Virginia could never quite manage. But then Goomer had been perfecting the style for eighteen, no, nineteen years. He was nineteen, now. Virginia had been away since before Christmas and he had not even remarked on the fact.
They hurried on, beneath St Johns Beacon and behind the shopping precinct. Virginia asked Goomer why he could not do the paintings himself, since he seemed so capable and struck all the right poses, but all he could answer was that she would cope,and they ducked beneath a green-striped awning and went down dark stumbling steps.
Though the walls around them were painted the colour of wine they gave off a smell of damp, dripping with the condensation of nights of excess, like corridors on the way to some palace of wisdom; under their feet the carpet exuded a similar odour, a makeshift mattress which had known too many sweaty love sessions. Behind the bar, in the room they entered, perhaps looking larger than life in the dim light, stood Coral, a cuddly Cotswold figure with a shock of untrained hair. She tugged stubby fingers through this wiry mass and then offered a hand to Virginia, one obstinate curl lodging beneath a fingernail, then falling to the bar as they shook hands.
'How do?' she said. 'How about a drink?'
Goomer rested a hand on Virginias to warn her. 'Dont touch the beer, it tastes like it came out the wrong end of a cat.'
'Is there a right end to a cat for beer to come out of?' she wondered absently.
Coral smiled, said, 'Its alright, Goomer, especially for you Ive got some Red Stripe.' She foraged about behind the bar and came up with two cans. 'Only for my most favoured customers,' she stressed to them. 'This is supposed to be a faffing wine-bar, after all. Folk arent supposed to come in here expecting real ale.'
They opened their cans and poured the beer into glasses while Coral spoke of how she saw her bar, with portraits of the jazz greats lining the walls while their music swept sweetly about the room.
'Im not really an artist, you know,' Virginia pointed out, in what was for her an admirable display of honesty.
'Thats alright, Im not really a patron,' Coral countered. 'If the work is good, then... good; if its not so good, well, at least itll cover up the flaking plaster.'
Of which there was rather a lot, Virginia saw, now that her eyes were becoming accustomed to the low light and were able to penetrate the shadows. Money might have been better spent on redecoration than on art works.
An optimistic customer rattled a coin against the far end of the bar, explaining why the counter was so pitted, and Coral responded slowly, puffing as she ambled away, as if to blame her weight.
Virginia thought she resembled a bear.
Goomer saw her more as a panda, friendly, but she was grumbling when she returned to them.
'The faffing buggers, they expect me to cream my knickers with excitement at the prospect of serving them.'
She had a particularly scornful way of looking at people, swivelling her eyes in their sockets without moving her head until the whites became almost full moons of contempt. Then she would suck in air, greedily, in a grimace between clenched teeth.
When her eyes came back to Goomer and Virginia she laughed and asked how the beer was.
'Lovely,' said Goomer.
'Well best enjoy it while you can, because thats your lot. The rest goes away for a special occasion.'
'Like my birthday perhaps?'
'Oh yes, and when might that be?' Coral asked, but Goomer shrugged, not saying. Coral laughed again. 'If his name was Ruby Id call him Tuesday, she told Virginia. 'You know the song... she would never say where she came from. Getting anything out of him is like getting blood out of a stone.'
'Im an enigma,' Goomer smiled.
Coral sighed, a sound something like ho hum, and took the case of Red Stripe down to the cellar.
'She often says that, ho hum,' Goomer told Virginia, smiling as he watched the large woman lumber down the stairs, pleased with her predictability.
'What does it mean?'
'Nothing. I think she just uses it when she cant think of anything else to say.' He watched Coral disappear below ground, then turned to Virginia. 'So? What about you? What have you got to say for yourself?'
Nothing.
Unfortunately Virginia had no expressions to match Corals miscellaneous murmur; when she was at a loss for something to say, she simply kept her mouth shut. This was not especially satisfactory, she had to admit, for people were often disconcerted by her silences, reading them as snubs, accusations, hints that their company was uninteresting. Still, her dumb silences were all that she had, and Goomer understood; rather than pursue the subject of Virginias four month absence he bought more drinks.
The wine now served to them was poured by a young man who Virginia saw was blessed with a complexion which shone as if it had been caressed by a thousand hands; it had that glow which is seen in well worn marble, a statue which has been venerated. He was a vision, his face was that of a china doll but softer, with lips which Virginia would like to kiss. As if in a car showrooms, a prospective buyer, she let it be known that she would take that one, the model with the sculpted smile and the ceramic complexion.
Goomer sighed, as if he could feel nothing but pity for her. 'Ah, but the passion can be a pig of a thing at times; it tickles away at your nipples, making them  prick, and then...'
'Yes?' asked Virginia eagerly.
'Then screws them around like the knobs on a television set.'
His hand shot out and Virginia had to step back quickly to escape the clawing fingers.
'But hes just what I need,' she said, from a safer distance. 'Arent you always telling me that I should find myself a man?'
She was corrected.
'If I did say that, and Im not admitting that I did, then what I almost certainly meant was a good man, not a painted imitation of one. He looks as plastic as Barbies Ken.'
Virginia looked at the barman, at the cheeks which were tanned and smooth, and she could already taste his kisses which she imagined would be scented like strawberries. 'Hes good enough,' she drooled. 'Hell do for me.'
Goomer sniffed disdainfully. Virginia could not possibly know that the barman was as wonderful as she claimed, she was simply skipping over his shiny superficial surfaces and she just might crash. Thin ice, deep water and a chilled heart was how he described it.
For Virginia, though, nothing could be as chilly as a single bed. Apart from that other one, the one she had just wasted the past four months with, it seemed like ages since she had last had sex with someone excitingly unfamiliar. Last All Saints, she thought that had been, in a strange house, at a party she had not been invited to, with a young sociology student she never saw again.
'Since I last had sex,' Goomer sneered. 'Dont be so prim, Virginia, it really doesnt suit you. What you mean is a good fuck, a bloody good bang thatll break your partners balls. Thats what youre actually after, if youre honest with yourself. And as for love, which Ill mention before you do, well, if it should happen to come your way youll only dash off in the opposite direction.'
Virginia shrugged off Goomers opinions, for her shoulders already had enough to bear. With her lips to her glass and her eyes peering over the rim she looked around at the faces in the bar, some pink and some pallid, all unaware of her gaze. The strange faces fascinated her, she wanted their secrets and their intimate company.
'Fight it, Virginia, fight it,' said Goomer, recognising the mood and guessing what was running through her mind. 'Go play with yourself in the toilets  or something.'
'Its not the same, Goomer. I want to feel arms around me and a broad shoulder to cushion my cheek. I want to feel a man getting excited because Im there.'
'Whether you play with yourself or play with a man the end result is going to be the same. The only reason your kind wants my kind is for that flash which comes with orgasm, that sudden slap to the senses that seems to give everything reason. Its only a transitory thing, though. Be a poet instead, Virginia, their insight lasts longer.'
Virginia emptied her glass before conceding that there might be some truth in what he said.
'Youre bloody well right there is,' Goomer insisted.
'You see,' she continued, 'Ive often felt, after making love with a man, that I just want to get away and do something more important.'
'Thats it exactly. If you stay too long with a person you find the knot is tied, around your neck most likely, and its so tight that it makes your eyes pop. You walk along the street with a hand clasping yours and a smile beaming at you, crisp and white, and its not to say I love you but just to make sure that youre there, in your place, where you belong. Thats the sort of bloke you always attract, Virginia. You bed them and then you belong to them. Before you know it that knot is the size of an engagement ring.'
The impression gleaned from this sermon was that Virginia would have to tread a celibate path for the foreseeable future.
Her shoulders slumped. 'So now Ive got to forget all about men? Ive got to give them up completely, is that it? Or just stick with women?'
'Women would be safer,' Goomer agreed. 'But no, you dont need to give up men completely. Just screw the ugly ones, so you wont be tempted to linger too long.'
That ruled out John Goomer, then.


Chapter Two

Goomer was five years younger than Virginia, as thin as she was slim, and possessed of a quirky heart; though in its right place, and functioning perfectly in terms of beats per minute and other medical criteria, it had always seemed to be held like a treasured possession behind cupped hands, ever his and never shared, never admitting affairs or involvements.
Not that involvement had been in Virginias mind when she first saw him, wearily climbing the steps to the cathedral; she had been too fatigued herself, clutching another of those hastily snatched carrier bags of belongings and worrying over where she would spend the night. He was a shambles of a figure when seen from the rear, weighed down by the bulging pockets of his threadbare dufflecoat, and she was so intrigued by the sexless shape that she followed, noting that his head was suitably bowed beneath the hood as he plodded along with a steady monastic gait. Up the steps to the cathedral entrance she quite expected him to stumble and was ready to play Simon of Cyrene to his offbeat Christ. Her assistance was not needed, though, and it occurred  to her that perhaps his body was actually bowed by piety and not by tiredness.
He circled the sepulchre and she trailed behind, showered by the muted light of the stained glass which slowly became more resplendent as they reached the west side of the cathedral and he noticed her. He accepted her presence without question, without suspicion,  and pointed to the colours which streaked the floor in reverent array.
'Blue,' he said, facing a glass panel while apparently speaking to her, 'brings back the times Ive been sad, obviously, and Guernica and the tired old guitar player.' He walked on slowly, assuming that she would follow, as he introduced himself. 'My name is Goomer.'
'Goomer,' she repeated, seeing that beneath the hood of the coat there was long blonde hair but still no certain clue as to the sex of the person.
He came to a sudden halt, said in surprise, 'Goomer? You, too?'
The voice was soft, it could have been either male or female.
'Oh no, not me,' said Virginia, understanding the misunderstanding. 'I was just repeating your name because it has a nice ring to it, thats all. My name is Virginia.'
'Virginia,' he said, trying her name as she had tried his, like garments they were swapping, and they continued their circuit of the interior.
He stopped before another window, now bathed in carmine and vermilion. 'Red,' he said, 'reminds me of times in Italy, with the housebricks ablaze and the earth scorched a similar colour. Have you ever been there, Virginia?'
'Yes. Parma.'
'Its a rare place.'
She stopped, to remember how it had been.
'Green,' his voice came again, from some yards ahead, and she hurried back to his side. 'Green for the Warwickshire countryside that I remember from my childhood.'
He almost sang this last recollection, his voice crackling back to some uncertain past, and Virginia, intrigued, wondered about religion, which she felt ought to come into this spectrum somewhere, ought to play a part in the colourful liturgy.
'Well, I must be leaving,' said Goomer at length. 'Which way are you going?'
Virginia shrugged. 'Ive no idea. At the moment Im without a flat.'
'Then come with me,' he invited her. 'I know where theres one to be had and it just might suit you.'

*
And the flat was still Virginias, still much the same,  which was perhaps a little too much the same, for what she did on her return was commence to break holes in its fabric, claiming that privacy was what was lacking.
The rooms, of which there were two, were an uncomfortable arrangement, for though they were adjacent they were unconnected; each had its own door fronting onto a communal corridor, and to get from the bedroom to the living room cum kitchen she had to pass along this thoroughfare in varying moods and varying states of undress, perhaps meeting someone and being forced to strike up an embarrassed conversation. There being no privacy in this setup, the obvious solution was to make her own door between the two rooms. A simple matter. Then she could move freely between sleeping and eating, these just about the limit of the functions which she exercised in the place she called home. (The bathroom was on the floor below, so she rarely used it; she peed in the sink when she had to, washed in there, and any more exhaustive evacuation of her body would generally have to coincide with the time she spent outdoors.)
Virginias search for privacy proved to be a tiring business. After removing half a dozen bricks in as many hours the hole was little more than a foot high. She had to work quietly, that was the problem, scraping away with a once stainless steel table knife and wondering what it must be like to attempt to escape from a penitentiary; a mammoth undertaking that must be, and she vowed always to stick to the straight and narrow to avoid such places. This was the wise thing to  do, and wisdom was one of Virginias fortes.
She was not terribly well up on the science of the building trade, however, and she thought that there must be structural stresses and such things to be considered. She sat back for a while, to dwell on these and to rest.
Moments later a tap-tap on the door interrupted her deliberations and she froze, hoping that whoever it was might go away, but the dust from her efforts seemed to fall noisily to the floor, a thundering cascade betraying her presence.
The knock came again.
'Virginia? Are you in there?'
It was Goomer. Or a good impersonation. But then he was one of a kind and could not be copied.
She opened the door and ushered him in. 'I thought you were the landlord for a moment,' she said.
'Its lucky for you that Im not.' Goomer looked at the room, at the worn carpet and the debris which covered it, at the drawings of the jazz greats and the dust which coated them, at the hole in the wall and the bricks stacked beside it. 'What on earth are you doing?'
'Making a door,' she replied, explaining her need for privacy.
Goomer, though he would never go to quite the same extremes of introversion, was sympathetic, appreciating the reason and the method. 'You still have the hassle of getting in and out of the house, though,' he pointed out. 'Theres not much privacy there, having to use the common entrance.'
'True.' This was a problem which had already occurred to her. 'But Im on the third floor. What can I do?'
Goomer strode over to the window, opened it with difficulty and looked out at the rear of the house, at the overgrown garden with the coach house at the rear and the cathedral beyond. Then he turned, his arms spread like a saint giving a benediction, and smiled in his most beatific way.
'Youve come up with a solution?' Virginia guessed.
Goomer nodded, still smiling. 'A rope ladder.'
'A rope ladder?'
'A rope ladder. You can slip in and out without anyone noticing, down the back of the house, through the garden and into the alley.'
'Right, first thing tomorrow Ill nip into town and get one,' she said sarcastically. 'Are they expensive? Do they sell them at Argos?'
The sarcasm noted, Goomer dismissed it with a shake of his head and knelt down among the drawings she had done. He blew the dust off them, portraits of Charlie Parker, Fats Waller, Dizzy Gillespie, Mezz Mezzrow, Jack Teagarden.
'Well done,' he congratulated her. 'I said youd cope.' Then, getting to his feet, he said, 'Come on.'
'Where?' Virginia asked, but did not really mind where; the dust was developing into a cough in her throat and she was happy to leave the room.
As they walked along the corridor and down the stairs she was sure that doors opened and closed behind them, that people were watching. Yes, Goomer was right, a rope ladder would be just what she needed; if she could scuttle past the neighbours windows they would be too startled to be inquisitive.
She gave the front door a good hard slam as they left the house, to let everyone know that she had gone, and went with Goomer, by the side of the cathedral where the sunlight flickered through the agitated green of the trees.
Goomer slipped his arm through hers. 'Right, imagine New Brighton,' he told her.
'Okay,' she agreed, closing her eyes and relying on him to guide her.
'So what do you see?'
'The Irish Sea.'
'Closer.'
'The beach.'
'Closer still.'
'The sea wall.''
'Good. Now what do you see on that sea wall?'
She thought for a moment. 'Seats?'
'And-?'
'Seagull droppings'
'And-?'
'A lifebelt.'
'Exactly. And beneath that lifebelt are the first dozen rungs of your rope ladder.'
Though Goomer nudged her and brought her back from the sea to the city streets she could still picture the scene; in a red frame, below a white lifebelt, was a short rope ladder, its wooden rungs bleached by the sun and the brine. At high tide, in times of distress, it could be flung over the wall to help those in difficulty.
'I couldnt take that, Goomer. It might save a life if theres a storm.'
'And if theres a fire in the flat it might save yours. Right?'
Goomers sense of logic was so simple that it was convincing, Virginias sense of right and wrong so fuzzy that she was persuaded.
'Right.'
In the late afternoon they strolled the city, enjoying the clement weather, and Virginia found herself sharing the contentment of the people she saw, or faking a contentment for those who seemed less than happy, craved after the bodies of the men -and women- who appealed to her and looked forward to hotter summer days, to the warm nights which would fire her fancy more than spring ever could, when the still air would be a skin which touched hers and the earth would be a creature to be loved, to bear her body as she lay down to dream. Such pyrotechnic fantasies accompanied her as she went with Goomer along narrow cobbled streets, warehouses climbing on either side of them making the sky a narrow blue ribbon above.

*
The drawings were finished and dusted and Virginia took them across the city. They were probably quite passable things, acceptable to most people, but she had her doubts about them; after all, she was no artist, she did Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways. To allay her fears over how well they might be received she stopped for a drink on the way to the Corkscrew, hid herself in an alcove at the rear of the Why Not?, surrounded by half-timbered walls and nicotine-brown plasterwork.
This was the City side of the city, peopled by office girls and grey-suited men with attach cases, and she was wary of it. People here always seemed to speak in whispers, of the secrets and scandals that were their business, and females would walk across the room as though stepping on eggshells, toes down first and heels following, softly but shakily.
She sat as apart from the other customers as was possible, her drink before her and her drawings neatly parcelled by her side, and she winced as she watched one woman make her way across the floor, towards the bar from which souvenir key-rings hung like a natural growth, mementoes of places visited or people met. Thinking that her own memories would be like a waste-basket of pages torn from a calendar, she wondered where were the people she used to love, the ones who had been naturally and effortlessly beautiful. They had been attractive in the mornings, men unshaven or women without make-up, and comfortable in any kind of dress. Now she was lost among the secretary birds who preened themselves and left lipstick kisses on glasses and cigarette ends, stockinged legs hissing as they crossed thighs sounding like fingernails scratching down a childhood blackboard, and the men with careers who stood at the bar rather than sat, fearful of creasing their suits. Of course they were sometimes beautiful, sometimes handsome, but always like porcelain, a little too perfect to touch, as though they might break or become grubby. And how costly their coiffures looked, allowing for no self expression, not permitting fingers to run through the strands in sensitive love-making gestures.
Virginia scowled and downed her drink.
Despite the shot of alcohol indecision still dogged her steps, even the few she had to take from the pub to the Corkscrew around the corner, and she wondered if her drawings were worth showing to anyone. She felt them under her arm and tucked them closer, like treasures, as though she might actually refuse to let them be seen.
The wine-bar was quiet, just a few scattered diners in the bistro twirling spaghetti around their forks, and at the bar she found Coral in the company of a dapper middle aged man. The Hawaiian shirt he wore loose at the waist did nothing to disguise the generous spread of his build and the smile he offered could not hide the fact that the creases on his face were permanent.
'This is Gerald,' said Coral. 'He has an art shop on Bold Street. Hes going to help us.'
The man greeted the parcel rather than Virginia. 'These are the drawings?' he supposed, taking the parcel from her and ripping open the brown paper. Her work was randomly scattered across the seats which lined the wall, and, with a finger to his lips, Gerald considered it, occasionally stabbing at individual pieces. 'Brash,' he said, pointing to one, and then, 'Frenetic.'
With a ho hum sigh Coral drifted along the bar, emptying ashtrays and wiping down the surface with a wet cloth.
'Yes!' said Gerald, suddenly attacking the work, rearranging the pieces like a lonely old man playing solitaire. 'Yes! I really do think so!'
Virginia admired his enthusiasm but could not honestly share it; she joined Coral at the far end of the bar.
'Is he alright?' she asked.
'Gerald? Sound as a pound. Leave him to it, he knows what hes doing,' Coral reassured her. 'Hell have the drawings up in no time.'
'And are they alright, the things Ive done?'
'Fine, Virginia, just fine.'
'Marvellous,' was Geralds opinion, when all the work was hung. 'Dont you think so, Coral?'
Coral did not know much about art -she was quite honest in admitting as much, and not ashamed to coin the old adage- but she did know what she liked, and there was not a single spot of damp or flaking plaster to be seen. Yes, in her opinion the display was excellent.
'And now the prices,' said Gerald, for all the work was to be offered for sale.
Virginia insisted that the sums had to be reasonable, enough to pay for a nights drinking perhaps, and she followed Gerald about the room as he tried to estimate the worth of each piece, deducting pounds from every figure he quoted.
'You really should charge more,' he maintained. 'Shouldnt she, Coral?'
Coral ho-hummed, Gerald protested that the work was being undervalued, but Virginia was insistent, happy with whatever she might get, knowing that even at a fiver each she would make a profit.
'Youre a stupid young woman,' said Gerald, but the prices remained and the list was completed.
This done, they emerged from the bar into the afternoon sunlight, blinking in the glare while Coral locked the doors behind them. Then they followed her across the city streets, understanding her need to have a drink elsewhere after serving others in her own bar for the past four hours. As they passed shop windows where their reflections shimmered, their shadows before them making a mockery of their figures, Gerald waved darling greetings to people he knew, their number so considerable that the thirsty Coral had to continually hurry him on.
At last they stopped just opposite his art shop, at the door of a club on Bold Street. Coral pressed the bell and the three of them gazed in at the empty ground floor, Gerald using Corals bulk to shield him from the view of the staff in his shop. They waited until they were recognised on the television monitor upstairs, until the door clicked and unlocked, then climbed the stairs to the bar where Gerald again threw out more friendly hellos.
How nice to be so intimate, thought Virginia, without so much as a hint of a self-conscious flush to the cheeks.
She took a drink and was introduced to Geralds friends as Virginia, an artist, not denying the description but not sure if it was accurate; she still thought of herself as someone who did Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways.

*
When Gerald left for his shop and Coral for her bar Virginia stepped around the corner for one more drink or two. There were plenty of places en route back to the Corkscrew and she chose the Marlborough.
'Watch out, Peter,' she warned the landlord as she entered, 'the man from the water boards round the corner, coming to test the ale.'
'Do I take it you want serving?'
'Yes, please. A pint of titter.'
'Then a little less sarcasm, if you dont mind.'
Virginia took the glass which was served her, poked at buttons on the juke box to deafen out any thoughts which might try to crowd her mind, then returned smiling to the bar.
'You look pleased with yourself,' Peter remarked. 'Come into some money, have you?'
'Ah, if only...'
'You havent.' This was a statement of fact, not a question. 'Then Ive got some work for you if you need cash. Posters, Saturday night is doubles night, cheap spirits. You know the thing.'
Virginia sniffed derisively at the offer. 'And how might Leonardo have reacted if youd asked him to do something like that?'
'Eh?'
'Dont you realise, Peter, that Im capable of better things than adverts for cheap whisky or chicken chop suey? My art is sacred, it cant be prostituted.'
'So you dont want to do it?'
'Ill think about it,' said Virginia, cautious enough to keep her options open, and turned from Peter to survey the room, her elbows resting on the bar behind her. There were no other customers as yet, but those who might come would be ones who were expected. There was a homely comfort about the Marlborough, despite its proximity to the city centre, and Virginia would have liked a pair of slippers behind the bar, on the shelf where others kept their favourite pint pots and tankards; this would have made her comfort complete.
When Goomer arrived, one of those expected customers, he bought her a fresh drink and asked how the work was.
'Its up on the walls and it looks remarkably good.'
'There you are then, Virginia, always have faith in the faith others have in you.' He stepped back a pace as if to appraise her, not noticing the tiredness her drinking had brought on. 'I must say youre looking well on your success. Its just what you needed, inspiration rather than fornication.'
'Yes, and I can just see myself trying to screw a life-size, two-dimensional, acrylic on canvas nude. All the artistry in the world wont help me there.'
'How can you be so crude?' Goomer asked, but Virginia was not listening, she was applying herself to the problem.
'Mind you, I suppose I could add a touch of bas relief to the painting, perhaps have a kapok filled protrusion where the willy should be. That would be a nice bit of invention, eh?'
'A nasty bit of perversion, more like.'
Goomer led the way from the pub to the street and the beauty of the early evening seemed sullied by Virginias base thoughts, shop window dummies appeared to cringe in fear of being assaulted by her. She was prevented from any such bestial impulses, however, by Goomers tight grip on her arm, and they reached the Corkscrew without incident. There Goomer saw Virginias work and Virginia saw hair so golden that it might have been used in commercials to sell the sun and the sea and holidays in the tropics.
'Stephen!' she cried, taking Goomers hand from her arm and crossing to where two young men were seated. There was a bottle of wine on the table between them so she found an empty glass and helped herself, smiled at the younger of the two and said, 'How are you?'
'All the better for being rid of you,' said Stephen acidly and introduced her to the person beside him. 'Keith, this is Virginia,' he said, his smile becoming more of a bitter sneer, as if the wine -or the past- was a sour taste in his mouth. 'If she tells you that your hair is like a television commercial, that it could sell the sun, then just ignore her.'
In actual fact the one named Keith had hair with curls like burnished copper and Virginia could not think what it might be used to sell.
She switched a hurt expression to Stephen, said, 'Thats cruel.'
'But a fair warning.'
Fair enough. The man was still a bastard and she could not understand how she had ever found him attractive, let alone devoted a full four months of her  life to him.
'So tell me, where are you living now?' she asked,  adding untruthfully, 'I tried to find you.'
'With Keith, in his house. You might say that hes  my landlord.'
Indeed? A single man with a house, a single man with money. She looked at Keith, at the copper curls which were like a gilt frame about his face; he shone, he was beautiful, like an archangel.
Stephen cut short her obvious appreciation of his friend by asking what she was doing in the Corkscrew, apart from getting drunk.
'Hoping to see people buying my drawings,' she answered.
'These are yours?'
The two young men looked around at the work on display.
'All mine and all for sale,' she said proudly, but neither of them opened their wallets. In the absence of their cash she had to settle instead for their admiration.
'So youre an artist?' said Keith.
She was not yet sure that she was, or that she wanted to be, but Keith seemed happy to believe that she was and she made no attempt to correct him.
If she was an artist, then Keith thought she might be able to help him.
'If I can,' she said eagerly, leaning forward to listen, to look into his eyes.
'I have an empty wall in the lounge at home,' he explained, 'and it really needs filling.' He turned to Stephen. 'You know the one I mean?'
Stephen nodded.
'So what have you got in mind?' asked Virginia, and when he told her a splodgy flower was what he was thinking of she should have walked away. What kind of man would want a splodgy flower on his wall? Having decided that Keith was handsome, though, she stayed and listened as he described the room, painted in tasteful browns and creams, with its coffee coloured settee and the bottle garden on a table by the window.
Virginia cleverly suggested that it might be better if she saw the room for herself before starting on any specific piece of work.
'Of course,' Keith agreed. 'In fact well be having a party at the house soon, so you could come along then. Couldnt she, Stephen?'
Stephen -proving himself the rat she had always suspected him to be- showed little enthusiasm for the idea, but the house was Keiths and so was the party. She was invited.
'Now, how about a drink?' she asked, thinking that one was needed to cement what might be a wonderful new friendship.
'Were going,' said Stephen, rather too abruptly to be polite, and got to his feet.
'Oh, do you have to?'
Virginia directed her question to Keith, taller by the side of Stephen, more imposing and altogether more pleasant. He smiled apologetically as he endorsed what Stephen had said, that they really had to be going.
'Well,' said Virginia. 'Until the party, then.'
'Until the party,' Keith accepted. 'Well let you know when and where.'
Once they had gone Virginia returned to Goomer, who had positioned himself in a corner, strategically placed, able to notice anyone showing an interest in the drawings.
'Who was that you were talking to?' he asked her.
'An old friend.'
'There were two of them. Who was the other?'
'A stranger,' she answered, sitting down beside him. 'But not for long, I hope.'
Goomer gave her a look of disappointment and disgust. 'Not letting your itchy genitalia get the better of you again, are you?'
Virginia tried not to. She dampened her desire with glasses of wine while Goomer took charge of the evenings business, replenishing her glass when necessary and collecting money for any drawings sold. He and Coral spoke with interested customers, of whom there were surprisingly many, pointed to Virginia -thats the artist- then took the cash and deducted their own percentages. Each piece sold was marked with  a red sticker, to be collected when the exhibition had run its course, which was how Gerald said the professionals did things.
'How much have I made?' Virginia asked, when the hands on the clock behind the bar crept on towards ten oclock.
Goomer told her, quoted a sum which he agreed was not bad, not bad at all.
'Then enough and to hell with it! Lets get rid of the rest for a pint apiece!' said Virginia generously.
Goomer was delighted with this bountifulness. 'Thats the spirit, Virginia! Art for the people, not the elite!' he congratulated her, going off to conduct more business at the new cut-price.
Red dots began to dance before Virginias eyes, like fireflies landing on her drawings. She collected bottles of wine and glasses of beer -no reasonable offer refused- and the table seemed to buckle beneath the weight, its legs distorted by drink.
Fifteen minutes before the bar closed Gerald arrived, his voluminous shirt billowing about him like a spinnaker, and he was overjoyed to see that so much work had been sold.
'This is marvellous, Virginia! How much have we made?'
Virginia struggled with the sums; there were some pounds in cash, numerous cans of lager, half a dozen bottles of red wine and three of white. 'Thats less what weve already drunk, of course,' she added.
'What?'
'Weve drunk quite a bit of the takings already,' she repeated with a burp.
Gerald stamped across to the bar where he exchanged words with Coral. When he returned to Virginia he was livid. 'You stupid little shit! You dont give your work away for a drink a time! Not when Ive gone to so much trouble with it you dont!'
'Arts for the people,' Virginia sighed, but her words were confused, her mind was tired, and it came out sounding more like tarts for the people.
'Youre drunk!'
On success? Then how easily pleased she was, she thought, standing with difficulty and going across to the bar to tell Coral that she was drunk.
'Yes, dear, that you are, faffing pissed,' Coral concurred.
The room now seemed a little less crowded than it had been before.
'Business is slackening off a bit, isnt it, Coral?'
'It usually does once Ive closed the bar for the night,' Coral told her.
The clock on the wall showed that it was eleven forty-five; someone had stolen the night from Virginia,  parcelled it up and tucked it beneath their coat, walked out with it like a thief.
The bottles of wine had also been taken.
'Where is it?' she asked. 'I had more than half a dozen bottles left.'
'I gave them back in return for your drawings,' Gerald told her.
'Oh, Gerald! You didnt!'
'Oh, Virginia! I did!'
The barman with the china doll complexion came from the kitchen -at some time during the evening Virginia had learned that his name was Josh- and brought with him a tray of food, a midnight supper of chilli and baked potatoes and whatever else was left from the days menu.
Gerald spat food at Virginia each time he told her what a stupid young woman she was.
'Tarts for the people,' she said, trying to recall the noble motives which had fired her. 'Isnt that right, Goomer?'
'Legalise prostitution,' Goomer agreed, and the world seemed a little off balance, made unsteady by the loopy juice that was still being splashed about.
They drank on, first in the Corkscrew and then in other places, following Coral through late night early morning streets to other clubs she knew. Gerald told Goomer to keep an eye on Virginia -shes such a stupid little shit- while Virginia kept an eye on Josh and tried to find words which might communicate how she felt. Lets go to bed would have summed it up perfectly, but lacked subtlety, so they simply talked, about Coral and Gerald who were their only mutual acquaintances, about Goomer, too. Virginia told Josh what she knew of Goomer, which did not amount to very much, and did her best to stress that she was not in any way involved with him.
'But youre friends, arent you?'
'Yes. I think thats because we dont ask too much of each other.'
It seemed a strange reason to offer for their friendship, but it was true; all they knew of each other was what they had experienced together and their pasts were forgotten, their futures were never considered.
'And youre an artist?'
That question again!
'No, Im not. I do Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways.'
Or at least she used to. Now she was no longer certain. Judging by her responses and her behaviour during the day it seemed that she wanted to be the opposite of whatever people thought she was; she would be a slob instead of an artist, an artist in the place of something else. And if no one had any opinions as to what she was, then what would she be?
Nothing, probably. With nothing to react against, she would be nothing.

Chapter Three

Virginias mouth tasted as though a child had been farting in it all night, sunlight on red terraced houses disturbed her and unfamiliar streets confused her, so she looked around for a taxi and an easy way into town. A shiny black hackney would do, with a matt interior and tinted windows; she needed subdued surroundings for, even through half-closed eyes, the fiery red bricks were a painful sight to behold.
The first taxi went past even as she tried to whistle and gagged in an attempt to pucker up; she raised her hand on seeing a second and the driver made a dangerous U-turn to mount the pavement beside her.
Inside, the seats gave off a smell of polish and the floor was still wet from a recent mopping. Virginia was the first fare of the day.
'Going to?' the driver asked, squeezing the words from the corner of his mouth rather than turn around to face his passenger.
Virginia groaned. She was not yet prepared to answer questions or make decisions.
'Just get me into town,' she said. 'Ill work something out from there.'
The taxi made another exhilarating U-turn and they were off, towards the chequered-flag city which was still distant enough to be out of view.
'Looking rough,' the driver commented, glancing in his mirror.
'What?'
'I said youre looking rough. On the razzle last night, were you?'
'Something like that,' Virginia admitted, but she could tell the man no more; there was nothing to remember until the morning of an hour before, when she had awoken on the settee in the house of Josh, the barman, covered by a blanket and wondering why she could not have been in his bed instead.
'You got drunk,' Josh told her. 'You passed out in the kitchen so we put you on the couch to sleep it off.'
'Did I, you know, try anything?' she hesitantly asked, and he smiled, said his wife would not have approved if she had, then fed her bacon and eggs and pushed her out onto the sun scorched street.
Down the dock road the taxi launched itself, over cobbles and tramlines to upset the breakfast which Virginia thought she might have to spit out of the window if it became too agitated. An undigested egg slapped against her stomach wall as a dirty high tide lapped against the landing stage and she told the driver to pull over.
'Pier Head? Right yare,' he said, and quoted an exorbitant fare which Virginia, too sick to bother, paid without question.
With legs planted wide apart on the pavement to brace herself, she opened her mouth and bit greedily at the almost fresh air, air which seemed so thick that it could be sliced with a knife and laid between two slices of bread. The humour of the day was making her feel giddy, it swirled with the wind across the Pier Head plateau, forcing her inland, towards the shelter of the city, to the high buildings and narrow alleys where the buffeting breeze was unable to reach.
So. What to do to restore the equilibrium, to stop the hands shaking and the knees trembling?
A drink was always the brave solution, so, like the heroine she thought herself to be and the dolt others said she was, she limped along to the Corkscrew.
As she stumbled down the stairs Coral announced her.
'The artist!'
Virginia smiled, righted herself and regained what composure she had ever been blessed with.
'Piss artist would be nearer the truth,' said Gerald.
'Ouch. That hurts.' Virginia placed a hand over her breast, where the pain should be felt. 'Lets have a bottle of Guinness, Coral, to thicken the blood and heal the wound.'
'You cant be serious, not after all that you knocked back yesterday.'
But Virginia was serious. A frontal assault was always the best way to attack a hangover, splashing the stomach with the thick creamy black stuff and scaring the nausea away.
With a be-it-on-your-head shake of her head, Coral poured the drink and placed it on the bar like a challenge. Virginia took it in, sip by careful sip, feeling a little better with each mouthful.
'Youre a drunkard,' Gerald told her.
'I am not.'
'You were drunk last night. In fact you were smashed.'
'I was effervescent,' Virginia maintained.
'Effervescently smashed,' Gerald repeated, so obviously disapproving.
'Dont knock it until youve tried it,' said Virginia, with a nod to the bitter lemon he was drinking.
Gerald snorted, through nostrils which were always flared but now swelled out even more, prompting Virginia to think of a dragon stoking up. She half expected to be consumed by his indignation, reduced to ashes which might be used to bless the brows of the pious.
Gerald stabbed her in the chest with a blunt forefinger. 'I have been drunk and I do know what its like.'
'My drinking is of a different kind, though, as creative as my art,' said Virginia grandly. 'My drinking will take me places.'
'Where? On the road of excess to a palace of wisdom?' Gerald guessed, denying Virginia the opportunity to quote. 'William-bloody-Blake!' he moaned, his disgust so very nearly an offensive weapon.
'Whats wrong with that?' asked Virginia. 'Didnt saints live to excess? Excessiveness takes a person places.'
'And where is it you want to go, dear?'
'Further!' she said, impatient with the man and his condescending manner.
'Youre a stupid little shit!' Gerald hissed, like a flatulent pig, which was precisely what his contorted face reminded Virginia of. 'A stupid little shit!'

*
Maybe. Virginia thought, perhaps, that she might also be lonely. This occurred to her when Gerald left the bar and she had no one to talk to. She drank up, then, and wandered the city, went from pub to pub, through the afternoon and into the evening. She should have noticed the hint of menace which swept the streets, dusting the pavements with ill omens; a broken bottle, a dead cat in the gutter, the very silence of the city, coupled with her own melancholy, should have warned her that she would be wise to go home. Vain as ever, though, she teased fate, tickled her chin as she might have done a childs, and, swaggering along the streets in the late evening, she was as obvious as a challenge.
'Do not go gentle into that good night!' she recited, much too loudly, and a dark blue Transit van came as if from nowhere, screeching brakes startling her and voices like threats making her prick with alarm.
'Alright, love! Into the back!'
Virginia was sure that she was not drunk, even though she had been drinking, so perhaps it was just that her senses were a little numbed by the chill of the evening; whatever the reason, she did as she was told, with neither a whimper nor a murmur.
'Sit on the floor and get those shoes off!'
Looking at police all around her, two males and a female in the back and two males in the front, she was made quite claustrophobic by their size. Stricken with fear, not quite believing that she was hearing them right, she sat almost immobile, only her lower jaw moving, opening and closing as though she was a goldfish in a bowl looking for a way out.
'I said to get those shoes off!'
This time the voice sounded almost manic, so she removed her shoes. She was sweating and her feet stank.
'Whats wrong?' she asked, slowly coming to her senses; she was told to shut her mouth, but declined, said, 'What have I done?'
Naive as she was, she did not realise that this could be interpreted as an admission of guilt. Nothing was said to her, however; the policemen were lost in discussion as they examined her shoes.
'Glass?' said the woman police constable to a colleague, pointing to the soles.
'Could be,' the other agreed.
The shoes were passed around.
'Theres not much of it, though.'
'But then the soles are fairly hard rubber. You wouldnt get much embedded.'
'True.'
Virginia was curious. 'Whats so fascinating about glass?' she asked.
'Shut up!'
This she did, but not for long.
'Look, Ive got identification,' she told them, reaching for her pocket.
'JUST-DONT-MOVE!' warned the WPC, moving threateningly closer.
Virginia froze and the discussion continued around  her. After some minutes her buttocks began to ache, seated, as she was, on the hard metallic floor of the van. She shifted about and no one jumped on her, so she risked speaking up again.
'I can prove who I am. Ive done nothing wrong.'
Nothing.
'I can prove where I was not five minutes ago,' she told them, trying to remember the name of the last pub she had visited.
No reaction.
'What do you want with me? What am I doing here?' she asked, supplication creeping into her voice.
Silence.
She groaned. 'Shades of Franz Kafka.'
'You just watch what youre saying!' the young policewoman cautioned.
'Easy, Wilkie, take it easy,' said a sergeant.
Luckily for Virginia the woman named Wilkie took the advice of her older colleague.
'But just tell me why Im sat on the floor without any shoes,' Virginia pleaded.
Wilkie seemed only too happy to. 'Because people in your position panic and start to kick out. We dont want a boot in the face from a little bitch like you.'
Virginia considered the explanation, even managed to sympathise somewhat with the policemans unhappy lot, but this did not explain why she had been picked up in the first place. She had tried to be reasonable with them and got nowhere, so she decided to use a little honest, down-to-earth, I-know-my-rights aggression.
She steeled herself, then spoke. 'Now listen, friend-'
'Were none of us your friend!' one of them screamed at her, and she apologised, so losing the initiative.
She did, however, manage to whisper that they could not keep her in that van without a reason, that they either had to take her down to the station and charge her, or let her go.
Obviously impressed with her grasp of matters legal, they nodded to each other; it was either in admiration, or perhaps fear, worry that they had picked up a student of law, a bright young thing who could have them out of that Transit van and back on the beat before they could say Robert Peel.
The one with the broadest grin -Miss Wilkie, of course- leant forward. 'Well how about if we take you down to the station and charge you with being drunk and disorderly? Will that keep you happy?'
Virginia had visions of the Statue of Liberty weeping sadly, of Justice slumped forward with broken sword and teetering scales. She crept back into a humble silence, not knowing what else to do.
Ten minutes passed. The occasional glances which were cast in her direction seemed to challenge her to move, to ask for an excuse to stamp on her. Then the rear door of the van opened and a small, frightened man peered in.
Frightened? He should have been in Virginias position.
'No, officer, thats not her,' said the man, after a moments scrutiny.
Wilkie seemed disappointed. 'But shes just like you described; tall, slim, brown suede jacket.'
'Sorry, but its not her,' the man repeated, shuffling nervously from foot to foot, gratefully hurrying off when the sergeant dismissed him.
'You can go as well, Wilkie,' the sergeant added.
WPC Wilkie frowned. 'What about her?' she asked, nodding to Virginia.
'Well see Miss- whats your name, by the way?'
'Virginia.'
Wilkie laughed. 'Virgin-ya. La-de-bloody-da!'
'Alright, Wilkie, back to your vehicle and on patrol,' said the sergeant; then, to Virginia, 'Well see you home.'
Upset by Virginias smile of innocence, Wilkie slammed the van door, no doubt to go off in search of some other scapegoat.
Without actually mentioning her address -she was now sober enough to think herself in full command of the situation- Virginia directed the driver towards the cathedral. The van bumped over the kerb and across pedestrian shopping areas, dodging the benches and the concrete flower tubs. Confident, now that she had been exonerated, she applauded the reckless driving and asked what it was that she had been accused of.
'Suspected, love, you were only suspected,' the sergeant said, and explained that there had been a break-in at a shop in the precinct. The description of the culprit who had kicked in the shop window had been  so vague, of course, that it had matched that of Virginia.
'Jesus Christ! So thats what all the business with the glass was about? You thought Id kicked in some shop window?'
'Right.'
'You were going to mess up my good name all over a few splinters of glass? This whole fucking citys covered with broken glass, for Gods sake!'
Virginia was becoming righteous and indignant again, and it did not go down too well; she was reminded that the threat about drunk and disorderly still held.
'Just forget it, it was a mistake,' she was advised, and there were no smiles on any of the faces around her, so she was silent, seething and anxious to be home.
'You can drop me here,' she said, when they were in the shadow of the cathedral, and the van slowed to a halt.
'Goodnight, take care,' someone said, as she climbed out of the van and walked away.
She made no reply until she reached an alley some twenty yards away. Then she turned.
'Bastards! When are you going to handcuff the flowers, too?' she shouted, then disappeared into the night.

*
'Ill sue the fuckers! Ill have them for harassment and defamation of character!'
Goomer applauded. 'Very smart, Virginia, and once theyve got away with their harassment and defamation, which they most certainly will, then theyll have your name, your address, even the colour of your knickers. Youll be chased all over the city, down to Cheapside every other night.'
Virginia huffed and paced about the room, scowling at each of the four walls in turn as though they were her cell at the local lock-up, but the shawls pinned to them, the dark silks and soft velvets which covered the faded wallpaper were too comfortable to be convincing. In her temper she kicked out at Goomers cat and the cat parried, its claws ripping through her sock.
'Sod,' she said, rubbing her ankle, then overbalanced and fell onto the mattress beside Goomer. 'But I cant just let it go,' she told him. 'Suppose someone saw what happened, suppose someone saw me in that police van. Bang goes their respect for me.'
'Stupid. What friends you have are even more disreputable than you are.'
This was unfair, and she said so. It was cruel, too, and her shoulders slumped, her head fell onto her chest and she stared at her foot, at the specks of blood which could be seen through the torn sock.
'Just look what that little buggers done to me,' she grumbled. 'The last clean pair I had.'
'Take it off,' said Goomer. 'Ill darn it.'
Virginia did as he said, removing her sock and tucking her bare foot beneath her thigh. She sat like  a Buddha with a broken leg, one limb stretched out before her and the other folded under her dirty jeans which blotted the blood and masked the smell of sweaty toes.
Without flinching at the odour, Goomer took the stiff stocking from her. He crossed the room to the dressing table, found a needle and a skein of wool and returned to her side. Squatting next to her, his dressing gown parting about his legs, he started to darn the hole.
Casually, Virginia rested her hand on his bared knee. 'If only I had someone like you,' she mused.
'You make it sound too sordid,' said Goomer, pricking her hand with the needle.
She yelped and pressed her hand to her mouth. 'Youre as vicious as that bloody cat.'
'Not vicious, just independent,' Goomer smiled, continuing with the repairs to the sock.
Those shy suggestions and tentative approaches would have to stop, Virginia decided; it was just that from time to time the temptation became too much, she just had to make one last token attempt. Face it, she told herself, the guy was weird, he simply would not respond to any of the advances she made.
She watched Goomers fingers flick the needle in and out, weaving the wool through the hole in the sock. It was the wrong colour, of course, but she made no comment; if she did, he would only persuade her that the contrast of the complementary colours was right.
'Do you want this?' she asked, picking up a glass of wine from the bedside table.
He didnt, it was from last night, so Virginia drank it down, one sip to taste and then one gulp to swallow. Almost immediately her bladder began to ache. She got up, from what was not quite a lotus position, and went across to the washbasin in the corner of the room.
'Not there!' Goomer said, as she rose on tiptoe and  fumbled with the zip of her jeans.
'But-'
'I said not there! Why cant you use the loo downstairs?'
Virginia shuddered. 'A person is at their most vulnerable when theyre urinating,' she said. 'I need to be with someone I trust. You should be flattered.'
'I am, but youre still not peeing in my sink.'

*
Virginia had to wait until her sock was repaired and they were outdoors before she could think of relieving herself.
'You can use the loos at the station,' Goomer told her.
'Why there?'
Goomer pointed to the sky, which was becoming clear after a spell of morning rain, a soft blue which was stretched above the rooftops like faded denim; he thought that they might take a trip across the river, to taste the salt air and perhaps steal some rope ladders.
Virginia was unenthusiastic, after her encounter with the law she was reluctant to antagonise them further, but, as Goomer pointed out, if they were determined to harass her then she may as well give them good reason.
His simple logic worked; Virginia was persuaded and they walked into the gloom of James Street station, took the lift to the platform below. Once she had used  the toilets they stood side by side before the sweating, rough hewn walls.
'Face it, Virginia, its fate, if the police are out to get you for something they will do sooner or later. Youre a perfect victim for prosecution.'
'Thats very comforting. Thanks.'
'Youve got the face for it, a face that people will pick on, remember seeing at the scene of a crime.'
'Thats fine encouragement for someone youre asking to commit a felony. Im going.'
But she could not; Goomer had the tickets.
The train grumbled into the station, sighed its doors open and shut, then laboured on again, gradually picking up momentum to thunder through the dark dank tunnels beneath the river, sparking the walls with electric blue flashes. Bouncing, humming and shaking, it emerged into the daylight, onto that strip of land which was like a blunted finger pointing to the Irish Sea, showing one way out of that sometimes sullen city. Soon glimpses were offered of sail on the sea, pocket handkerchiefs fluttering white against the blue and prompting Virginia to think that it might be a nice thing to try, to take in the briny breeze and then wash it down with a pint at the yacht club. It was a dream, though, it would need money and manners before it could be fulfilled.
Goomer broke the dream and they left the train one stop before the end of the line.
'We may as well walk a while, were not going to try nicking anything in broad daylight,' he said, and so they walked, along the wide promenade which was nothing but grassy plain and tarmacadamed roadway, bordered by the concrete sea-wall. The high tide slapped against the wall, keeping Goomers sandalled feet from the beach, and in places it spilled over, lazily trickling across the pavement and into the gutter.
Virginia imagined the sea at its most wicked, a liquid predatory thing, plucking bodies like false gods from their pedestals.
'Im not too sure about this,' she told Goomer. Those ladders might be needed.'
'Balls. Theyre neither use nor ornament. Come on, lets have a drink to bolster your courage. Forget your sense of decency and trust in air-sea rescue.'

Chapter Four

Awake early, with the dawn as nature intended, Virginia yawned and stretched and prepared to vacate her bed, only to realise that there was no bed beneath her; she reached out a hand but there was no wall to her side,  she opened her eyes and saw that there was no ceiling above. She was on the beach, in the shadow of a concrete slipway, her toes only inches away from being kissed by the incoming tide. Scrambling to her feet she went up the slope of the slipway, dreams of an angry sea still snapping at her heels, and sat down on the sea wall. Street lights had dimmed against the morning sky, there was a whisper of light on the trees in the distance and a breeze softly stirring them. She brushed the sand from her clothes, then started to walk towards the beckoning branches.
Rope ladders! She turned to look back at the sea wall, remembering why they had come, and saw that it was noticeably lacking in rope ladders.
What had happened?
Not stopping to dwell on the matter, nor worrying over how she had come to wake on the beach -it was only one more night lost, after all, there were plenty left- she hurried on before she could be accused of any felony.
Once past the pier, on the other side of the single street which was the town, she slowed down, drifted whimsically along, following the tide towards the ferry. Waves reflected sky-blue rather than revealed the muddy grey which lay beneath the surface, and it was easy in such circumstances to forget how dirty the river actually was. With the last vestiges of intoxication still in evidence it seemed that her spirit was some distance ahead, absorbed by the daydream morning, while her carcass like some oriental bride followed a few respectful paces behind. The sensation was not a disturbing one, though, in fact it was almost welcome, for any sensation at all was preferable to the states of analgesia which sometimes affected her.
Virginia lengthened her stride as she saw the ferry, grey smoke and white gulls in its wake, fighting its way against the tide, upstream first and then in a wide freewheeling arc to her side of the river. The cream painted girders of the landing stage strained noisily against each other and against the swell, groans and cries of ancient seamen echoing from the depths of the river where people sometimes reported seeing flashing lights and strange creatures.
Drunk, they probably were, like she sometimes was, walking home after too late a night.
She just had time to buy cigarettes and a newspaper at the kiosk before tottering down the walkway, across the gangplank and onto the vessel. The morning now becoming warm, she made her way onto the top deck. There, at the prow of the MV Mountwood, there were problems controlling the newspaper as sea breezes, bringing the taste of salt mingling with engine oil, whipped at the pages. Serrated edges lashed her face while black newsprint stained her hands. Not actually annoyed, just too lazy to persevere, she jammed the wayward tabloid between the wooden flesh-creasing slats of her seat.
Up and down with a comforting rhythm the boat made its way across the river. She watched the Liver building creep closer, the two mythical birds on top tied down for fear they might wing away to some more prosperous city. She only ever saw the birds from a distance; close to, standing in the shadow of the building, it was always impossible to look up at its height without feeling dizzy. Try it this morning and she might well keel over and crack her head, and this without having had a single drink to blame.
Made sensible by the breeze she bought a second newspaper and headed inland, first of all to the Kardomah, there to munch toast, sip coffee and watch the earliest of the morning shoppers hurry past the window, up early with a reason while she had none. The  hot buttered toast was just what she needed. Crisp outside, spongy and doughy inside, it was cooked to perfection, a sign more certain than the weather forecast that the day would be a good one.
'Excuse me, but do you have the right time?' a voice asked, damning her optimism.
The question surprised her, for what would she be doing with the time? Her life was regulated, on those occasions when timetables and such things were important, by light and dark and the habits of others. Who needed the time? Certainly not Virginia. And what was it, anyway? It was only when one refrained from asking the question, as Saint Augustine suggested, only then that one could ever know.
'No,' she consequently answered, almost apologising; she was always almost apologising, because of her childhood which had been built around good mannered responses.
Being asked to commit herself so early in the morning upset her and she finished her coffee hurriedly, scalding her tongue and tasting nothing. Then, as she rose to leave, a thought took seed, a tiny germ of a notion. What if the man had actually wanted the time? What if some concrete, non-abstract entity given the name time was reported to be in Virginias possession? Ridiculously she patted the pockets of her jacket, instinctive responses in control, then moved her hands behind her to check on the pockets of her trousers. There was nothing unexpected there, of course, and she felt foolish as she stepped out onto the street, naked and conspicuous, acting out her alien ceremony. Quickly she lost herself in the crowd, not sure whether to curse or bless the bobbing heads which milled about her.
Once she had forgotten her embarrassment, and grown accustomed to the people about her, she turned her attention back to the previous night. She would have to ask Goomer what had happened.
After trying a couple of less obvious places she found him in the Marlborough. He was with an old Filipino sailor named Gus, telling him lies of how he had come by a collection of rope ladders and quizzing him as to how they could best be fastened together. Encouraged to accept a drink or two, the old man was talking ten to the dozen of timber hitches and rolling hitches and single Matthew Walkers.
'Of course, hitches undo too easily for your purposes,' he was saying, as Virginia entered the bar. 'You just pull the ropes in opposite directions and they come free, so youd be better splicing or making a seizing knot.' He looked up from the length of string with which he was demonstrating and grinned. 'Im not getting too technical, am I?'
Goomer turned on his smile, too obvious for Virginia but perfectly pleasing Gus. 'Well, it does sound a bit complicated,' he said, his voice trailing away and his smile becoming broader.
'I could do it for you, I suppose,' Gus offered. 'If only the things arent too heavy for me to carry home.'
'Oh, thats okay, Virginia can bring them round for  you. Cant you, Virginia?'
So he had them, after all.
Goomer said to Gus, 'Would you? Would you really?'
Gus nodded, his gnarled arthritic fingers itching to get started. 'Of course. Theres nothing to it.'
'Wed pay you, of course.'
'Youll do no such thing,' he said, stubbornly independent.
'Buy you a drink, then. Whatll it be?'
He declined the offer for the moment -some other time, perhaps- and got shakily to his feet. They both thanked him in advance for his favour and he waved over his shoulder as he left.
'Canny,' said Peter, from his side of the bar. 'Is that what they call guile?'
'No, Peter, thats what they call making an old man feel wanted. He cant wait to get started, hes delighted to think that hes still of some use to people.'
'A likely excuse to ease your conscience,' said Peter, and went to serve someone at the far end of the bar.
Left in privacy, Virginia asked Goomer about the night at the seaside.
'Worried?' he grinned.
'No. Just curious.'
'Then I wont tell you anything about it. Curiosity is not constructive.'
'But how did the ladders get back over here? And why wasnt I with them?'
'You are worried.'
'Im not!'
Peter brought empty glasses to the sink at their end of the bar and swilled them in water. 'Whats wrong?' he asked them.
'Amnesia,' Goomer told him. 'Virginia cant remember what she did last night and shes worried.'
'Curious,' she corrected.
'Ah, Virginia, if you want to drink with the men youve got to act like the men, learn to take it.'
The favourite aphorism rankled Virginia. 'Go away, Peter.'
'See?' said Peter to Goomer, smiling as though the response had proved some point.
Virginia made a slow exaggerated pirouette, looking around the room as though she found it and its occupants distasteful; after she had made a complete turn she drank down what beer was left in her glass.
'Come on, lets get out of this place,' she said to Goomer.
His reaction was to suggest that Peter get out the backgammon set, ignoring Virginia, perhaps resenting being told what to do.
'Well Im going,' Virginia announced, and walked away.
'Youll be back!' Peter shouted after her. 'And dont forget to tell your friends! The Marlborough, Seel Street, thats where its all happening!'

*
Like a stickleback floundering in the hand of a mischievous child Virginia stood on the steps of the pub. Clouds whispered as they dispersed, dun grey burdens becoming feathers of misty white, and she looked up at their hallowed canopy as she wondered where she should go. 
For food, this was the sensible answer, so she turned right, then right again into Bold Street.
People passed by, handsome men, women and girls with their limbs made white and lustrous by the lambent sun, created for kisses and caresses, their knickers nearly reflected topsy-turvy in the pools which were the last of an afternoon shower of rain. Frilly, spotted, warm and silky, they fired Virginias dreams as she walked past the bombed shell of Saint Lukes church and entered the perimeters of the district she knew best of all. Restaurants were plentiful here -Greek, Chinese, Indian, Italian- necessitating another decision which made Virginia grieve, for the need to make decisions seemed to dot the way of her calm progression like so many stuttering punctuation marks.
She settled for the Kebab House, since this seemed to be the quietest, walked down the aisle between the Formica topped tables and sat in the shade of a synthetic rubber plant so that she might eat unnoticed.
Young waitresses dressed casually seemed to be students, every one, and she remembered those days fondly as one approached her, her notebook held before her like a route map. Flicking away the menu which was offered Virginia told the girl that she would like afelia with salad, some hot bread and a dish of tahini sauce; she thought that the waitress might be impressed by this comfortable self-assured poise. The way in which the girl masked her admiration was commendable, she must have been a drama student Virginia supposed, her features remained impassive as she scribbled down the order. Watching her buttocks bounce beneath the short skirt, Virginia thought of rump steak; she wished she had ordered rump steak; too late, though, so she sat back and smoked a cigarette while she waited.
She ate her food slowly and late afternoon came conveniently close. A brief stroll around the city passed away accumulating minutes but offered no revelations other than the observation that the streets were emptying. The twilight period, it was, which marked the end of another days commerce and the start of another evenings entertainment, the police changing shifts and priorities, forgetting the shoplifters in favour of the drunk and disorderly. Virginia vowed to keep out of their way, sidestepped any she saw as she retraced her steps up Leece Street, to the Philharmonic where she thought she might again find Goomer.

*
Liverpool Philharmonic. It seemed to her that she had lived her life in that place, a thousand times over like some doctrine of eternal recurrence. True, there were other places of significance in her life, but the Phil was one which she would forever hold dear, for all that the quality of the beer was steadily deteriorating and the bar was being taken over by students. In the middle of its tiled floor she paused, assuming a pose which suggested even more decisions to reach; the stance made a mockery of her already predetermined course, however, and with a drink in her hand she made her way into the small room on her right, a holy sepulchre of a place, where she laid claim to the seat nearest the door, giving her easy access to all exits and saving her the inconvenience of fighting her way across what would later be a crowded room. With just a hint of the lemming in her blood she had returned.
There is a feeling to be had when one lies back with head angled towards the sun, relishing the golden goodness of its warmth, and such was the effect that this particular rooms stained glass window had on Virginia. With a contented gaze she studied the pre-Raphaelite girl depicted on the glass, unsure if the strange raw umber instrument she held was a lute, a mandolin or a poorly drawn guitar. The light was bright, but not so strong as to hurt her eyes -she had no need to squint- and her attention alternated between the radiance of the glass and the deep wine of the wood panelling, her mind meandering from the manuscript at the border of the window to the ivy, from a curl in the girls brown hair to the words of the legend itself: MUSIC IS THE UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE OF MANKIND.
Subdued and anaesthetised, Virginia was lost somewhere between sense and nonsense, and in fitful periods of near consciousness she would realise that she had wandered from the window, that her attention had drifted to peripheral details such as a barmaid in the next room or the fireplace to her left. It was all a part of the process of relaxing, as near to meditation as she ever came.
As the evening progressed so the room filled with people. Cigarette smoke rose slowly as though to deny that it was lighter than air, and the colours of the window were reflected by the soft denim wisps, refracted by the dust and the motes which floated about the room. The dark brown of the walls changed to a vitreous blue-grey, so lacking in substance that she felt sure she could pass through them, out onto Hope Street.
Seeing Goomer enter, she chose a less spectacular exit from the room, joined him at the bar.
'You know, I think Im in love with this sodding city,' she said, apropos of nothing, waving her arms to take everything for her own.
'I think youre getting drunk again,' Goomer countered, lacking soul.
So unstable was Virginias mood that the remark immediately demolished her good humour. 'Why do people always have to think like that? And why do they always have to say it like that?' She looked at the faces which crowded the bar. 'People!' she spat. 'All pretence and bullshit! Just look at them! They have more poses than a nude descending a staircase!'
'Whats suddenly brought on this outburst?' asked Goomer.
'People!' she said again, feeling them crowding her.
'They all seem happy enough,' Goomer thought, his mood more mellow than hers and allowing no room for discrimination.
'Theyre preposterous, ambitious, all clumping along like donkeys after rotting carrots.'
Goomer said that this was a little ungracious and she said that his remark was more than a little fatuous, a glib phrase dropped meaninglessly on the fence, neither here nor there, the sort of thing which might be said to appease a child.
'Well, your criticism is hardly a mature one,' Goomer responded.
'Its childish?'
'Somewhat.'
'You know, Goomer, there have been times when Id have smacked you in the mouth if youd been a man.'
'A real man? A macho man?' Goomer laughed. 'And if I was, rather than a gentle man, you wouldnt be standing now. Id have flattened you already.'
As she scowled at him and moved closer, intending to make her next insult more telling, she found a third  body in her way.
'Oh,' she said.
'Thats alright,' said the young man who had inserted himself between them, mistaking her surprise for an apology. 'But you werent fighting, were you?'
'No.'
'Ah, Im so glad about that. Me and my ex were always fighting and it does no good, no good at all.'
Sage words.
Virginia and Goomer studied the chap, their difference of opinion already forgotten, and spoke of him as though he had already moved on to keep the peace elsewhere.
'Hes got no eyebrows,' Virginia pointed out to Goomer.
'Hes friendly enough, though,' Goomer replied.
'His lips look greasy, like hes been sucking chicken skins,' Virginia observed.
'Hes beautifully slim.'
'Only a fraction over ten stone,' the intruder informed them both, sticking his thumbs inside the jeans he wore and running them around his waist, from front to back. 'I dont eat meat, see. Or potatoes, either. Or spaghetti. Or anything else thats bad.'
'Whats bad about meat?' Virginia wanted to know. 'Or spaghetti, for that matter?'
The youth grimaced, to show his disgust. Enough said about his diet.
'Would you like to see a photograph of my ex?' he asked.
In turn they looked at the black and white picture that he produced. Short hair and a determined jaw, as butch as Goomer would sometimes pretend to be; it was difficult to see how any relationship had come about, for the young man and his silver-bromide lover seemed somehow unsuited.
'Very nice,' said Goomer, using another of his famously fatuous comments which meant nothing.
'The trouble is shes wicked, she used to hit me a  lot. I havent seen her for ages.'
'Sad.'
Virginia and Goomer found deep sighs with which to comfort.
'So for the moment Im living at the Beaumaris,' the chap continued. 'I know its not the best of places, but I keep my room clean, share with a bloke from London who wont let the room get even half dirty.'
'Fortunate,' said Virginia, recalling that the only thing to recommend the Beaumaris was that it had wall to wall floors and ceilings.
'A blessing,' Goomer added, then moved away from the bar. 'Just going for a pee, dear,' he said, sensing Virginias alarm at being left alone with the newcomer.
Suspiciously she watched him cross the room.
'Are you two married?'
'No,' she replied, and immediately knew that this was the wrong answer.
'Me, neither.'
'But I thought you said-'
'Me and the ex were never really married. We just lived together.'
'Oh.'
He smiled -strangely, with no eyebrows to raise- and moved closer to Virginia.
Her nose twitched when she caught his aftershave.
'Something by Givenchy,' he told her, seeing her sniff the air.
'Really? I once knew a man-' she began, a memory being prompted by the fragrance, but an aromatic hand clamped to her mouth silenced her.
'Hush, dont mention any others,' he said. He was far too close to her as he asked again, 'So youre not  married?'
'No, Im not,' she admitted, shaking her head and causing his hand to fall away.
'Youre all alone? Without anyone?'
She nodded, gagging on a mouthful of beer as this stranger began to speak of an occasion when she might need someone, might need a shoulder to cry on, might need another body to sleep with when loneliness became too dark a night. It was difficult for her to escape, his limbs were spider-like about her, but she managed to twist her way free and heard his voice like a litany behind her, fading away as she leap-frogged her way to the door.
'Ill wash your clothes, cook your meals, be there waiting for you...'
Goomer was outside, looking up at the sky and moving his lips slightly as if counting the stars.
'Thanks a bunch,' Virginia said, but he just smiled, his gaze still fixed on the heavens.
She stood beside him and waited for something to fall from the inky blue. If anything should come tumbling down then she would catch it and keep it; there just had to be a lucky one somewhere up there for her.

Chapter Five

The mirror before Virginia was an inconvenient height and she had to bow in genuflection as she brushed her hair. She was mindful not to count the falling strands and did not bother to sweep them away; they rested in a greasy pile on the dressing table, along with the dust and the used tissues and other miscellaneous items which paid tribute to her independence. This homage was reflected behind her and about her and within her disordered mind in a maelstrom of casual gestures, blouses and shirts gesticulating in haphazard fashion, like limp crucifixions, while other articles traced her movements across the room.
She had to get out quickly, the place was choking her and she had an appointment; the note, delivered to her via Coral, was taped to the mirror.
CORKSCREW AT SEVEN. PARTY LATER. KEITH.
She waved goodbye to the message, opened the window and unfurled the rope ladder. Carefully, still not fully trusting Gus expertise with knots, she eased herself over the window sill and down, eyes fixed on the brickwork before her to fight the vertigo. The exciting conviction that celibate weeks would end that night caused her to miss her footing once or twice, but she made it to the ground without mishap.
'Celibate weeks will end tonight!' she shouted, and crashed through the undergrowth, beating her way to the back gate.
Once out in the cobbled alley she was able to skip along more freely in keeping with her mood, turning right onto Hope Street for the promise the name offered. Her route took her by way of the Cracke, the Phil and others. Just a half pint in each brought her close to an understanding of what joyous was. She went along Seel Street and into the Marlborough to start on the pints; a game of backgammon with Peter would cover the first, the second she would pay for just to be polite, and then she would move on.
'Out trying to act like the men again?' said Peter, guessing at the force which fired Virginias good spirits.
'Partying tonight,' Virginia said, trying to do a dance at the bar and finding that she had forgotten how to. That was one overture she would have to forego, then, dancing with Keith; quiet words in a corner or a crudely direct assault on him would have to be her strategy, once at the party.
Luck was with Virginia and she won her first pint from Peter.
'As sure as omens is omens and the futures in the stars tonight will be my lucky night,' she said, and though the landlord cautioned her against over-confidence she was undeterred. She played him for a second pint and won again.
'Youre going to cop it, youll get your come-uppance,' he warned her, petulantly zipping shut the backgammon case.
Virginia made a lecherous face. 'Groo! You can bet on that!' she said, and went from the pub, kicking tin cans down the street like a juvenile delinquent, all the way to the Corkscrew. There a twenty pound note from Gerald for more work sold only confirmed her belief that the night would be special. She waved the note about, demanding a drink.
'The works going quite well now,' Gerald remarked.
'Yes, not bad at all.'
'So how about doing some more? For me, this time. Ill put them in my shop.'
Virginia made some non-committal noise, her attention divided between getting a drink and searching out Keith. Her back was turned to Gerald as she scanned the faces in the room.
Gerald nudged her, hard in the kidney. 'Well? What about it?'
'What about what?' she asked, trying to attract Josh who had just finished serving someone at the other end of the bar.
Gerald waited until she had a drink before her, then repeated his proposition.
'A commission, is it?' she said.
'Thats rather a grand word for what I had in mind. Designs for postcards would be a little more exact. Anything you like as long as its original.'
'Postcards? You mean youd have me do work for folk to scribble over, for folk to slap their saliva-soaked stamps on?'
Virginia sounded genuinely insulted, as though she was no longer just a person who did Day-Glo posters for  chippies and Chinese takeaways.
'You think its beneath you, do you?' said Gerald.
'Well-'
'You arrogant little cow! You jumped up little bitch! Youre an even bigger shit than I took you for!'
'Temper.'
'Toad!'
A chuckle of laughter caused them both to turn; the person so obviously amused by their argument was Keith.
'Toad?' he said, looking from Gerald to Virginia. 'How quaint. And if I kiss her will she turn into a beautiful princess?'
Virginias introduction of Keith to Gerald was wasted; Gerald walked off, his stride deliberately dignified.
'Hes a funny one. Who is he?' asked Keith.
'A sort of patron. He helped set up the exhibition.'
'A bit of a battle-axe, is he?'
'No, not really,' said Virginia, and she found herself apologising for Gerald. As she listed his redeeming traits she distractedly took in Keiths beauty, the clear eyes which gazed directly into hers, the copper curls which were lit from behind and shone like a halo, the lips which pursed as though perpetually amused.
Keith cocked his head to one side and grinned. 'Are you going to talk about him all night or do you think you might let me buy you a drink.'
Virginia apologised, again. She had lost herself in her appreciation of the man before her, her words had bubbled out in an almost meaningless stream. She had to keep control.
Equilibrium! O.K.?
When Keith had bought the drinks she went with him to where his party was gathering. Stephen was there -he almost smiled a greeting before he remembered who she was- but the other faces were all new to her, mainly social workers she learned, like Keith himself. Their conversation soon proved tiring, they could talk about little else but work, they were as bad as schoolteachers. Virginia moved into an arrogant overdrive, barely disguising the condescension she felt towards the group.
'Virginias going to do a painting for my living room,' Keith said at one point, to bring her into the conversation.
'So youre an artist, are you?' someone asked.
Or a person who does Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways?
'Yes, Im an artist,' she said without hesitation.
'Fancy. It must be rewarding, to be able to do what you like.'
'Rewarding? Not a bit of it. Its agonising. Its a commitment one has, an obligation, not a thing to be enjoyed.'
Her description of the artist as a martyr was not suffered for long, various secondary discussions began, small groups talking among themselves. She and Keith were not directly included in any of these enclaves and to make their isolation more complete she shifted in her seat, turning her back on everyone else to face Keith.
'Your manners havent changed,' said Stephen, pointedly excluding her from the invitation when he asked Keith what he would like to drink.
'He doesnt like you,' Keith confided, when Stephen had gone to the bar. 'He told me not to trust you.'
'So why did you ask me along tonight?'
Keith laughed. 'A warning like that is sure to excite curiosity. Anyway, you might be a lot of things but I dont think youre a thief.'
'He called me a thief?'
She was tempted to clasp her hands to her breast and cry injustice, but this seemed a little too melodramatic, so she settled for a hurt and astonished look, subdued enough to seem sincere.
'Not in so many words,' said Keith. 'He just hinted that some of his things went missing at the same time that you moved out of his flat.'
'Poor Stephen, he was always losing things. You must have noticed how forgetful he can be.'
Keith nodded. 'Just what I said to him, that hed probably mislaid things, but he wouldnt have it, he insisted that you took what you could and ran.'
Stephen returned from the bar and they were silent for a moment as he placed Keiths drink on the table; when he was back in his place, out of earshot, Virginia moved her mouth close to Keiths ear to whisper.
'Actually I didnt run. I was chased. He threw me out.'
'Actually I know that,' said Keith, in the same hushed voice. 'I was being discreet by not mentioning it.'
'But did he tell you why?' said Virginia. Stephen most probably had, but she had to get in there with her own version. 'Did he tell you it was because I...' She paused, then shook her head sadly. 'No, forget it, it doesnt matter.'
'What?'
'Nothing.'
Keith placed his hand on hers. It was soft but firm, comforting, with nails neatly clipped. 'He said it was because you were impossible to live with. I know that much.'
Virginia smiled, her eyes turning away to gaze into a dim distance. 'Then lets just leave it at that.'
'But it wasnt just that, was it?' Keith suspected. His hand squeezed hers insistently. 'Theres something more, theres some other reason, isnt there?'
Perhaps.
Most probably.
But Virginia was too noble to say any more, the memory of it all was too painful, and as she went to the toilets she saw Keiths eyes on Stephen, worried, curious, mistrustful.
Serve the bastard right, laughed Virginia silently, for daring to turf her so ceremoniously out of his bed.

*
By closing time Virginia and Keith were all that was left of his party, the others already having gone on to the house; it was Stephen who had started the exodus, soon after ten, made uncomfortable by the frequent suspicious glances which were cast his way. With room to move, as more people left, Virginia and Keith contrived to draw closer, almost into each others laps; she tried to find words to describe his hair, while he traced a fingernail across the palm of her hand.
'Alright! Everybody out! All ashore thats going ashore!' Coral walked around the room, collecting glasses and urging people to leave. 'Come on, Virginia, drink up and get out so I can get out and drink.'
'Do you want to hang on for another?' Virginia asked Keith. 'Coral wont mind.'
He shook his head. 'No, I think Id better get back to the house and play the genial host. The sooner Ive fulfilled my duties to the other guests...'
'Yes?'
He gave her a secret smile. 'Come on, lets find the car, I left it around here somewhere.'
They climbed the stairs.
'Goodnight, drive carefully,' Coral was saying to each of her customers as she waited to lock the doors. On seeing Virginia and Keith wearily mount the last of the steps arm in arm she said, 'I think you two would be better taking a taxi.'
They laughed and returned her goodnight.
'By the time we find the car well be jober as sudges,' Virginia said, while Keith was deciding which way they had to go.
'Over there, I think thats where I left it,' he said at last, pointing to the dark narrow alley of Matthew Street, and on the plot of land where the Cavern had once stood they found his rusting Austin 1100.
'It looks tired,' Virginia said, hearing it groan as she sat on the bonnet.
'It goes.' Keith took the keys and handed them to her. 'Here, you try.'
It did go, after Keith had patted the dashboard to placate the grumbling engine, and Virginia steered it through the one-way city streets, slowly at first, as she became accustomed to its particular idiosyncrasies.
'Where to?' she asked, crunching from second gear to fourth.
'Head for Sefton Park,' Keith told her, then settled back in the passenger seat and rested his knees on the dashboard.
He had hard, lean thighs.
Luck be a lady tonight! thought Virginia, the lyrics ringing about her tone deaf mind, and with eyes only for the slim legs at her side she failed to notice the police car until it pulled in front of her, forcing her to stop.
'Bugger!' she cursed, covering her eyes; the blur of the flashing blue light was an offence to the quiet of the night.
A voice came through the open window at her side. Excuse me, madam, but I have reason to believe that you are in charge of this vehicle while under the influence of alcohol.
'Dont be ridiculous,' said Virginia, taking her hand from her eyes and looking up, flashing a grin.
The recognition was instantaneous.
'Well if it isnt Virgin-ya! The one who wants the flowers handcuffed,' said the policewoman.
'Oh, Christ!' said Virginia.
'You know this woman, Wilkie?' said the second officer.
'Indeed I do.' Wilkie smiled and opened the drivers door. 'If you dont mind stepping out, Miss Virginia whatever-your-name-is. I think youre going to  have to accompany us to the station.'
'You cant do that!' said Keith, coming alert at last.
'Really?'
'Not without reason.'
'Oh, we have reasons aplenty,' Wilkie boasted, her hours on patrol made worthwhile at last. 'Theres crossing lights on red by the cathedral, and again on Smithdown Road, almost knocking an old man off his bicycle which is undue care and attention-'
'Oh, come on! How many old men are out on bicycles at this time of night?'
Wilkie ignored Keiths question, turned to Virginia. 'This your car?'
'No. Its mine.'
Keith again, out of the car now, and perhaps Wilkie wondered if she would ever get rid of him. Referring to him as sir she suggested that he get back into the vehicle and drive it home, assuring him that Virginia would be in safe company.
'Where are you taking her?' Keith demanded to know. 'St Anne Street?'
'No. Cheapside.'
'Then Ill be in touch,' he promised. 'You hang on, Virginia. Ill be down there.'
Wilkie said that he would be wasting his time.
Virginia said nothing. Meek and submissive she went to the police car and allowed herself to be bundled into the back. Through the rear window, as the car pulled away, she saw Keith waving as though she was setting off on some holiday.

*
How might Virginia describe what she went through? Dickens only knows and only Dickens would have had the  words with which to sum it all up.
In the narrow cobbled street of Cheapside the world grew darker and the mood became more primitive. Wilkie knocked on a heavy door, identified herself to a person on the other side and they were admitted.
'Whats this one?' the sergeant at the desk asked, and Wilkie delivered the details with a theatrical fervour; suspicion of driving while under the influence of alcohol, and with undue care and attention.
When asked, Virginia gave her name.
'Virgin-ya,' Wilkie chuckled.
'Address?'
Virginia supplied her address, then listened carefully as the situation was explained to her and she was informed of her rights. She was escorted to a breathalyser machine and told to blow into it, one long breath without pause. The result was unfavourable.
'It looks like youre staying here a while, love. Empty out your pockets.'
She did as she was told and the contents were noted, then sealed in a brown envelope.
No, she could not keep her cigarettes.
'How long do I have to stay here?' she asked.
'As long as it takes, Virginia,' said Wilkie, escorting her to a cell, gripping her viciously by the upper arm.
A mean cow was Wilkie, not big but well muscled, fit enough to worry Virginia.
'Get in,' she ordered, opening a door and pushing Virginia forward. The door slammed behind her, just as it did in the most contrived of dramas.
In the cell was a wood-and-hardboard construction made to look like a bed, even to the shape of a pillow  at its end. Virginia sat on it and crossed her legs, trying to look nonchalant and other-worldly. She had read somewhere of cases of astral projection being reported among longterm detainees, these occurring when the boredom or fatigue or suffering became unbearable. Hoping for some such result she closed her eyes and dreamed the walls away. A brush would have been useful, and paints, then she could sketch out her liberation on the wall, a serene and distant panorama into which she could step. She opened her eyes but all she could see was the defaced brickwork, scarred by oaths and curses, promises and prayers. No calendars, though, ticking off the days one by one, for this was only a cell for people in transit; its occupants either went free in the morning or on to courts and detention centres.
The cell stank; there was a hint of urine, a hint of vomit, a hint of the restless souls who had left a part of themselves behind. To Virginias left was an open toilet, a corner where the stench was stronger, only partly hidden behind a low wooden screen. She vowed not to use this, not to be caught in the act; there was no knowing who might be spying on her. She had always imagined cells as having a tiny window, high up on the wall and only reached on tiptoe, but this place did not even afford that simple comfort. There was no suggestion of a world outside.
Noises came from time to time, from the other side of the heavy door which was pierced only by a tiny peep-hole, but they were not real noises of traffic and city and the things she knew; they were the complaints of the drunk and the injured and the scuffling boots of their overlords.
What am I doing here? she asked herself.
She had been more or less proven to have been drunk while driving. This she accepted, as she would accept the subsequent fine and disqualification. What she could not understand was why she had to remain in the cell, so she hammered on the door in an effort to attract someones attention. She wanted to put her question forward with reasoned sobriety.
No one came.
She returned to her bed and juggled herself into a reasonably comfortable position. Her contemplative mood almost worked this time; she did not escape to sun-baked sands, but did at least fall asleep.
'Come on, Virginia, wake up,' she was ordered, some time later.
'Whats happening?' she asked, blinking her eyes open.
'The doctors here.'
A clock in the corridor read two-thirty and it was something concrete for her to cling to; she started counting the seconds until morning.
The doctor was unpleasantly efficient, spoke with a slight foreign accent and had a practice in Rodney Street.
Only the best for Virginia.
Virginia had her reflexes tested and her eyes were studied as they followed the movements of the doctors finger; her diction and her aptitude for mental arithmetic -never a strength of hers- were considered. Finally blood was drawn from her arm and transferred to two containers. These were sealed, signed and offered to her.
'Take one,' the doctor invited.
'What for?'
'You can have it analysed yourself, to see if you agree with our findings.'
Virginia took one and placed it in her pocket. 'Can I go now?' she asked.
'Yes, back to your cell,' said Wilkie, squeezing her arm and adding to the bruises.
'Why there?'
'Because youve been naughty, Virginia. Youre drunk and youve got to sleep it off.'
It was six-thirty before the cell door opened again but there was still no sign of morning, only glossy walls reflecting the unkind ceiling lights. Virginia was taken to the charge desk, not daring to ask if she was being released; she thought it unwise to appear too eager, to make too much of freedom. She was asked to blow into the breathalyser machine again.
'Failed again,' she was informed. 'Not many people do that.'
This worried her, hinting as it did at a further spell of confinement.
'Its okay, though, well let you go,' the desk sergeant told her. 'The fresh air will probably do you more good than being locked up.'
Compassion at last.
The brown envelope was broken open, her possessions spilled onto the counter and described, one by one in inimitable police fashion. She signed for them and took them back.
'See you in court, Virgin-ya,' said Wilkie, still there after all those hours; she, at least, had had a comfortable night, spent mainly indoors rather than out where the trouble was, where she should have been, catching criminals and earning her pay.
Virginia never bothered to curse; she was happy just to step outdoors and look at the morning sky.

*
After breakfast at the Pier Head -a fried egg sandwich at the twenty four hour cafe, in the company of the dirty and the destitute- she made her way home, weaving wearily between the morning commuters whose comfortable lives she envied for once. She was exhausted, physically and mentally, and she wanted to get to bed, to a soft springy mattress rather than the wooden thing she had spent the past six hours on. But first a little sympathy, she decided, to help her sleep more soundly, and when she reached the house she went to Goomers room rather than to her own.
Interpreting the sleepy sound which answered her knock as an invitation to enter, she pushed open the door. The room was warm, scented by dreams, and its contents were vague grey shapes mottled by the weak light which came through the curtains.
'Whos that?' Goomer asked, his body ill-defined among the pile of bedclothes.
'Virginia,' she said, sitting on the bed and staring hard to bring him into focus.
His features sharpened as he sat up. 'Virginia? What have you been up to this time? There were two policemen around here in the early hours, checking that you lived here.'
Slowly, pausing dramatically at certain points, Virginia told him what had happened, her head sinking lower as her narrative became more tragic.
'Poor Virginia,' said Goomer, as her head fell onto his chest. 'Did the nasty men mistreat you?'
'Im so tired,' she said, letting her weight lean more heavily against Goomer. 'I had no sleep at all last night.'
Goomer nodded, sympathising. 'Come on, lie down for a while.'
Virginia was sleepy and thought that she must already be dreaming. 'What did you say?'
'Get in and rest,' he said, raising her head so that she could follow the movement of his lips.
Trying not to appear too awake or enthusiastic, Virginia kicked off her shoes.
'And those jeans. Theyre filthy.'
Arching her back to remove her trousers without getting up from the bed, she wondered what could have come over Goomer. It was a week or more since she had last seen him. Could he have changed so much in so short a time?
His arm slipped around her as she got into the bed, the palm of his hand against her cheek pulling her down to his shoulder. He stroked her hair as though to soothe her.
'Mm,' she sighed, showing her appreciation, and shifted against him, her head sliding down over his chest while her hand parted the loose dressing gown he wore, sliding across his stomach to circle his waist.
'Youre tired, Virginia, you need rest.'
Like hell she did, she thought, but sighed again to encourage the calm caress of his fingers across her neck.
'Come on, sleep,' he encouraged her, his hand never still, speaking as a mother might to a sickly child. 'Sleep,' he said again. 'Dean will be here soon.'
She laughed softly into his chest, thinking that he had said dawn. 'Dawns been and gone. It must be nearly mid morning by now.'
'I didnt say dawn. I said Dean.'
'A person?' She raised her head slightly and his face smiling down at her seemed so exquisitely formed. 'Whos Dean?'
'Dean. You know him. Youve met him.'
'A bloke?'
Goomer nodded. 'A bloke. The loveliest.'
'Oh, Goomer, youre not going to desert me for another man again, are you?'
'Im afraid so, Virginia.'
'I thought youd got over it after the last affair. And hes coming here, is he?'
'Soon. So you go to sleep, then I can get up.'
He moved, only to make himself more comfortable but Virginia feared that he was about to leave her. She tightened her arm around his waist and buried her face into his shoulder.
'Poor dear Virginia!' Goomer laughed, his hand moving consolingly across her shoulders. 'Youre not trying it on again, are you?'
She was, but she was not going to admit it.
'Im so tired,' she mumbled, rolling onto her back and trying to relax. Goomers body was too much of a comfort to ignore completely, however, and she kept her face pressed against his shoulder, her hand against his thigh.
What was it with the man? she wondered. Was he so innocent as to be untrue, too kind for this world, or was he the most accomplished teaser known to womankind? She didnt know. Perhaps if she ever did fathom him out then his charm would be gone. As she was trying to convince herself that sleep would perhaps be the best thing after all there was a noise outside the door.
'Thatll be Dean,' said Goomer, leaping from the bed and running to the door, his fluttering dressing gown enveloping the person who stepped into the room. All Virginia could see of the embrace was Goomer and swathes of white towelling; whoever was being embraced was lost in the folds and Goomers tumbling blonde hair. When the excitement subsided and the dressing gown came to rest like a bird to roost Virginia saw a face peer out, almost angelically, from the crisp white frame.
'Him?' she said, sitting bolt upright.
The youth with no eyebrows, the one from the Phil who had offered to take care of her.
'You remember Dean now, then?' Goomer smiled, bringing the visitor closer to the bed.
'Hello again,' said Dean.
Virginia ignored the greeting, again speaking of him as though he was not present. 'Whats he doing here?'
'Hes staying with me.'
'But hes a weirdo.'
Goomer tightened his embrace. 'So willowy.'
'Still only a fraction over ten stone,' Dean said, as Goomers arm squeezed at his waist.
'Why is he staying here? Whats wrong with the Beaumaris?'
'That place is too seedy and hes too sweet,' said Goomer, kissing him on the cheek. 'He needs someone to take care of him.'
'But hes a nut! And Ive got my doubts about you, too! Get him out of here while I get dressed!'
Though the youth in Goomers arms showed no sign of having been offended, Goomer came to his defence. 'Virginia, you will please be a little more polite in my flat. His name is Dean, so kindly do not refer to him in any other way.'
Since neither Goomer nor the one named Dean made any attempt to avert their gaze, Virginia picked up her jeans and blouse from beside the bed and struggled beneath the sheets until she had them on. Then she swung her legs free and stood.
'He -Dean- is loopy and you dont need to be a psychiatrist to see that,' she told Goomer. 'You know what he tried on with me in the Phil.'
'Which is precisely why he needs looking after,' said Goomer. He turned to Dean, who was still smiling, impervious to any insult. 'Will you make some coffee?' he asked him. 'I think Virginia could do with a cup. Shes had a hard night.'
'Forget it,' said Virginia, buttoning her blouse and collecting her coat from the foot of the bed. 'After this what I really need is a drink.'
'See, Dean?' said Goomer, tutting as she left. 'Shell never learn. Thats how she got into trouble in the first place. Lesson number one for you must be to study Virginia and profit from her mistakes.'

Chapter Six

Though Virginia disapproved, Goomer insisted on sharing his flat and his bed with Dean. He was still available for the occasional walk or talk or evening in the pub, sometimes with Dean and sometimes not, but the times that Virginia was alone became more and more frequent. The fact that she missed Goomers company annoyed her, mainly because she could not say what it was exactly that she missed about his company. His nearness had always been tantalising, flattering but frustrating, and his manner often irritating, sometimes comforting but frequently condescending. He was just too strange, too clever and too untouchable.
Sod it! she thought. He was nothing more than a bloody teaser; whether a prick-teaser or a clitoris-teaser you could take your pick.
'Have you seen Goomer lately?' Peter asked, as he refilled Virginias glass.
'You asked me that yesterday,' she scowled. 'And the day before that.'
'I did? Oh.' The glass was placed on the bar, the money taken and change given. 'This, er, friend of his, hes still staying with him?'
'Yes.'
Peter leant his elbows on the bar, coming close enough for confidences; there were few customers and he had the time for an interfering chat. 'And tell me, Virginia, are they actually sleeping together?'
'I dont know and I dont bloody well care!' Virginia lied. 'Now can we drop the subject?'
'Yes. Of course. Fine by me. Only I thought you looked a bit concerned about the situation.'
'Im not.'
'No. Of course not. I mean, its not as though there was ever anything between you and Goomer.'
'No!'
Smiling, Peter went to serve a customer, only the second of the day.
'Things are getting bad,' he lamented, when he returned to Virginia. 'People just dont seem to have the money to spend at the moment.'
'No.'
'I suppose youll be needing to economise yourself, now, get some money saved for the fine when your case comes up in court.'
'I suppose so,' Virginia conceded. She counted the coins in the pocket of her jeans without needing to take them out; there was not that much cash left. 'Ill probably have to get some work done,' she said. 'Have you got any you can pass my way?'
'Posters and the like?' Peter shook his head, still the trace of a smile on his lips. 'Sorry, Virginia, I had to get someone else when you turned me down the last time. Remember?' he said pointedly. 'I asked you to do some work for me but you were too busy.'
Virginia drained her glass, took out the last of her money. 'Any chance of you cashing me a cheque, then? Im running a bit short.'
'Does the bank manager sell beer?'
'It would save me going around to the bank and queuing, thats all. You know what itll be like now, at lunchtime.'
'Sorry, Virginia. You know I dont mind helping out at weekends and bank holidays, but otherwise I dont like to make a habit of it. Nothing personal.'
'Of course.' Virginia returned the coins to her pocket; there was not enough there for another drink. 'Id better get to the bank, then. See you later.'
Walking along Bold Street, past the shops and between the shoppers, Virginia took out her cheque book and flicked through it, making sure she had at least one left. In the bank she wrote out a cheque, signed her name with a flourish and waited patiently in the queue. When her turn came she would pass the cheque over and the cashier -she always chose the most attractive one- would smile and ask how she wanted the cash.
She would say four tens and two fives would be fine.
'I believe that the assistant manager would like to see you, Miss.'
'Four tens and two fives will do just fine,' she smiled.
'I dont think you understand,' the cashier said. 'The assistant manager would like a word with you before any more cheques are cashed.'
'Oh.'
The assistant manager, of course, was not as handsome nor as pleasant as the cashier.
'It pains me to say this,' the man lied, once Virginia had been led through to the private inner sanctum, 'but Im afraid I cant let you cash any more cheques until there has been a marked improvement in the state of your account.'
As if her account was an ailing patient in intensive care; if so, then it had to be said that it was as well as could be expected.
He was a tall thin man with brittle wrists which Virginia wanted to snap; he reminded her of her old Latin master, Styx, a man of similar build and with an equally snivelling manner. The memory was not a pleasant one.
A file on the desk was consulted and Virginia was informed that she was over two hundred pounds overdrawn.
'Really?' said Virginia, genuinely surprised.
The assistant manager made a steeple with his hands, fingertips to his lips. 'Weve written several letters to you, none of which have been answered.'
'Yes, well, I did change address recently.'
'I see. And did you inform us?'
No, naturally not, but Virginia said, 'Of course. I wrote to you. I can only think that the letter has gone astray.'
'Yes, I imagine it must have.' The steeple was disassembled and the file picked up. 'This is yours. As you can see we have filled out quite a few typewritten pages, all relating to the fluctuating balance of your account.' A slight breeze blew as he thumbed through the pages for Virginia to see. 'Its quite an achievement to merit so many pages, believe me. We have customers of twenty and thirty years standing who cant match this.'
If Virginia had not been so worried then she might have been proud.
'And so,' the man continued, coming to his ultimatum, 'you must appreciate why Im forced to take these drastic measures. No more cheques will be honoured until your account is in credit.'
'Can I just cash this last one?' Virginia asked, still clutching her cheque made out for fifty pounds.
'No.'
'Please.'
'Certainly not.'
'Twenty-five pounds, then?' She reached for a pen on his desk. 'Ill change it to twenty-five.'
'No.'
'Twenty?'
'We are not here to barter,' she was sternly told.
Virginia had to come close to tears before the assistant manager agreed to cash a cheque -the very last one- for a measly ten pounds.
Had she been wise Virginia might have considered saving this last donation from her bank, but this particular virtue no longer ranked amongst the strongest of her traits. She went for a drink, instead, and was unlucky enough to meet Chuck Presley.

*
Chuck was a gambling man and sometime antiques dealer, talking aged widowed ladies into parting with saleable items and paying them a fraction of their worth. He did not work very often, though, and when he did it was always for others, so he earned a wage rather than made a fortune from his efforts. His main income, his boast would be, was from his gambling, he earned more from this than he could from any other occupation, and it was inevitable that he should have a tip for Virginia.
Small and wizened, with an uneven face which made him look like one of the antiques in which he sometimes dealt, he waved her a greeting which could not be heard, his eloquent hands flapping above the heads at the bar.
'Virginia, good to see you girl,' he said, when she was by his side, and his garbled conversation began. 'So Ive just left the Masonic, been there with Brian, and I said Yes, Brian, Im still a gambling man. Showed him the betting slip, I did, a straight fifty pound win. Of course fifty quids nothing to the likes of Brian.'
'Of course,' said Virginia.
'Hell probably slap a hundred on. Maybe two. He can afford it.'
'Yes.'
'Yes.' Chucks eyes were closed now and his head was bobbing enthusiastically. 'So its Baudelaire with Pat Eddery riding, three forty-five.' He opened his eyes and looked into Virginias face, to see if she  recognised the name, then said, 'French poet, champion of the Surrealists he was.'
'Who? Pat Eddery?'
'Baudelaire! Id expect you to know that, being an artist of sorts.'
Chucks talkative hands slowed to a stop, as though all his attention was being directed to the horse and to the money which was at stake.
'Better go,' he then said, suddenly alert. 'Nice to see you again, Virginia. And dont you forget. Baudelaire in the three forty-five.'
Rather than go to the door, however, to leave as he had said he must, Chuck went to the far end of the bar; there he stood with his hands resting on the counter, his eyes challenging the vacant space in front of him. It was a monumental kind of pose which he often assumed, disturbed only by the convulsive movements of his arms which from time to time saluted someone he knew.
Baudelaire. Three forty-five. Poet and champion of the Surrealists. Virginia wondered if Pat Eddery knew this, or the owner or trainer. With this inside information she just had to have a bet, so she finished her drink and walked from the bar.
Chuck waved his hands to acknowledge the departure. 'Dont forget!' he shouted after her. 'Baudelaire! Three forty-five!'
Virginia recited the words to herself as she walked from the pub to the betting shop, mouthed them silently as she printed them on the blue slip.
How much?
To win or each-way?
One pound each way, she decided, and scribbled down the bet. After all, she was not looking to make a fortune; a bet for her was nothing more than an entertainment. But then again, why not a fortune? Or at least a few pounds more than the handful she had at the moment. She tore up the betting slip, found a clean one and printed out her instructions -BAUDELAIRE. 3-45 EPSOM. 10 WIN- with all the clarity and precision she could muster. It was indicative of her optimism. She even did a doodle of a soft watch in the bottom corner, in honour of the champion of the Surrealists.
Then she took her place behind the regular punters. This was always the hardest part for her, on the few occasions she gambled, standing in line and unsure if she had filled out her slip correctly, worried lest she should be corrected by the person behind the counter and exposed for the novice that she was. Everything went smoothly, though; the bet was accepted, the money taken and she was given her receipt.
A loudspeaker above her crackled and odds were quoted and flashed on a screen. Starting prices were interrupted by a race commentary which was delivered as a manic recitation; Virginia found it hard to follow, there was time to kill before her own race, so she decided to leave and call back later when everything had run its course.
It was on her tour of the city shops, whiling away her time until after the three forty-five, that Virginia discovered her mistake, in a favourite bookshop where she found a paperback about the man himself, Baudelaire.
'For me Romanticism is the most recent, the latest expression of the beautiful.'
'Sorry?' someone said, and Virginia asked to be excused, explaining that she had simply been reading aloud.
'Oh,' said the person, and walked away.
Romanticism?
Virginia read the sentence again.
But what about Surrealism? Surely that had been Baudelaires pet. Or was she getting confused, mistaking her dates and becoming a victim of her fragile memory? As Baudelaire said, a few pages on, as though for her benefit: 'I have memories more than if I were a thousand years old.'
'My problem exactly,' Virginia agreed. 'Too many fucking memories and I cant cope with them all.'
She left the bookshop and found a television showroom. There she wandered among the various sets, waiting until no one was looking and then switching one set over to its Teletext service. And the result of the three forty-five? Baudelaire second!
Thanks to Chuck Presley -gambler and now gobshite- Virginias funds were once again wiped out. She shuffled from the showroom and stood on the pavement, looking down into the gutter. There was nothing there which could be used as currency. So what to do? The city was a miserable place without any money. Looking at the clock of Saint Lukes Church she saw that it was almost five oclock. Opening time. She would go to the Corkscrew, see if any more drawings had been sold; with her head optimistically bowed to where there might lie a wallet or a stray ten pound note she went off in search of a saviour.

*
Corals smile was more like the sneer of an anti-Christ than a saviour when she learned of the reason for the visit. No drawings had been sold for days.
Virginia swore and slumped on a stool.
'Perhaps theyre overpriced,' Coral suggested.
'Isnt that just what I told that tit Gerald? He should have let me sell them at my own price.'
'A pint apiece?' Coral shook her head as she laughed. 'That really wasnt on, Virginia, and you know it.'
'It would do me at the moment,' Virginia mourned, and Coral, moved by the sorrowful countenance, poured her a glass of Red Stripe and placed it on the bar.
'Here, have this one on me.'
Virginia cheered slightly, sipped at the drink and asked almost despairingly if there was any possibility of Coral cashing her a cheque.
'Sure.'
'You can?'
'Of course. It wont bounce, will it?'
'No, Im only a couple of hundred pounds overdrawn,' said Virginia, and honesty was proven to be the best policy; Coral laughed and asked how much Virginia wanted.
'Thirty pounds?' Virginia suggested.
'Is that all?' said Coral, taking the money from the till. 'That wont last you long.'
'Just until the bank opens tomorrow. Itll do.'
Quietly reminding herself that it would have to last a good deal longer, Virginia pocketed the notes and listened as Coral said that she could now use a favour in return.
Virginia sensed a catch rather than a favour.
'Yes?'
'Its really more like a golden opportunity than a favour,' Coral expanded. 'Theres Trev and Tone, see-'
'Sound like a comic double act.'
'Not all that comic, but a double act is precisely what they are. Trev -Trevor- wont go anywhere without Tone-'
'Tony?' Virginia guessed.
'Right.' Coral hitched her shoulders, settling her breasts more comfortably in her bra as she frowned. 'Bugger me if I can prise the two of them apart. Ive tried, but that faffing Trev always tags along.'
'When its Tone that you want?'
Correct.
So a fourth party was needed, to entertain Trev while Coral did her best with the other.
'Whats this Trev like?' Virginia asked.
'Hes... cute... sort of compact.'
'A midget?'
'No!'
'Are you being honest with me, Coral? I mean, hes  not absolutely disgustingly unpicturesque, is he?'
'No, I promise you. Hes short, yes, but sweet.' Coral looked sincerely into Virginias eyes, a hint of a plea shining in her own. 'Come on, Virginia, one good turn deserves another. Its only for one night.'
'Give me another drink, then, to steel myself. Im warning you, though-'
'Theres no need for warnings. Just trust me.'
As Coral trusted Virginia, foolishly, blindly, ignorant of any consequences.
Some time later, seeing Corals eyes brighten and wrinkle into a smile, Virginia looked over her shoulder at the two young men who entered. 'Bloody hell, Coral!' she gasped. 'If that ones mine then hes a sodding dwarf!'
'Dainty,' said Coral, still smiling as the two threaded their way towards the bar.
'And look at the teeth!' Virginia whispered.
'Did I tell you he lisps as well?'
'Thats it. Im going.'
Coral grabbed Virginia by the collar, making a tourniquet of the front of her blouse. 'Do you want that cheque back? Do you want to forget about favours, you bloody ingrate?'
Virginia was held fast by Coral. It was only when the dwarfish creature with the lisp smiled up at her that she was released.
'This is Virginia,' said Coral.
'Virgin-ya?' Trev smirked.
Virginia looked down her nose at the young man beside her but said nothing, aware of Corals threatening presence.
'Well!' Coral rubbed her hands together in anticipation of the evening ahead. 'What about drinks?'
Two cans of beer with whisky chasers.
Clasping her hand over her heart, over the money which was in her breast pocket, Virginia gazed absently up at the ceiling and hoped to hear the cash register ring, praying that there would be no question of them going Dutch.
It made no sound.
'Its alright, Virginia, the drinks are on me tonight,' Coral told her.
Virginia looked down to see a glass of wine -more ladylike than a can of beer?- on the bar before her; both the men had drinks in their hands. She relaxed with her Liebfraumilch, enjoyed it, not joining in the conversation or giving Coral much support.
Her aloofness soon peeved Coral.
'Jesus, Virginia, you might be a little more sociable,' she said, when Trev and Tone went to the toilets.
'Its difficult enough looking at the berk. You  surely dont expect me to talk to him as well, do you?'
'For a thirty pound favour I expect a lot more than that.'
'Youre asking me to sell my body?'
'Im asking you to be nice to the chap.' Coral winked, her lashes a little thicker with mascara than usual, her eyes a little darker and lips a little redder. 'In any way you like, Virginia. Just keep him out of my way.'
'Which chap is that?' asked Trev, back from the gents with his hair slicked back.
'Which chap is what?' Coral said, stuck for an answer which would not cause offence.
'Just some old inebriate whos always coming down here, shouting his mouth off and scaring the customers,' said Virginia.
As if a lisp was a sign of gullibility Trev said, 'Ah.'
Corals relieved smile acknowledged that some of the thirty pound favour had been repaid; then a quick jerk of the head in Trevs direction reminded Virginia of her further duties.
Virginia turned and smiled down at him.
'Its a posh sort of name, Virginia,' Trev remarked.
'A bit of a mouthful,' thought Tone, who was obviously more comfortable with single syllable words.
'Ill call you Ginny,' Trev decided.
'Over my dead body,' Virginia grumbled softly.
'If you want it that way,' Coral hissed in her ear.
'What are you two whispering about now?' Trev wanted to know.
'Nothing important. You can call me Ginny.'
Like a pet who had just been favoured Trev wormed closer. Itching to move away, Virginia was saved by Tone who inserted his body between theirs, so solid and erect. He was a big man, but not too big for Coral to handle. She was sizing him up already, looking for weaknesses she might be able to exploit and pushing drinks across the bar to him. The drinks seemed to be having little effect on the stalwart constitution, however, though Virginia for her part began to feel pleasantly free of cares as the evening wore on. She looked again at Trev. Stretch his legs some eighteen inches or so, maybe tap his teeth back into place and persuade him not to speak unless spoken to and he would not be completely unattractive. get him sat down, she decided, and that would compensate for his lack of height. Her knees were getting a little weak, in any case, and she could do with a rest.
'Do we have to stand at the bar all night?' she asked Coral.
Coral agreed, left Josh to mind the bar and pointed the group to a vacant corner. As Tone was about to sit beside Trev she managed to insinuate her bulk between them, shuffling them apart. Alternating male and female around the table was always the best way.
'Well,' she said, then left the single word hanging in the smoky air, as expressive as any of her miscellaneous murmurs.
'Well,' Virginia echoed.
'Two wells make a river and your big head makes it bigger and your big toe makes four more,' sang Trev with a drunken laugh.
The company looked at him, Coral and Virginia open-mouthed, Tone frowning.
'I think wed better go,' said Tone. 'Youve had enough, youre pissed already.'
'Its a poem, a rhyme we used to say at school.'
Tone was bundling cigarettes and matches into his pockets. 'Come on, Trev, lets get off.'
'Aw!'
'Dont be silly, the night hasnt started yet,' said Coral. 'Ill tell you what, well take a walk around the corner to a place I know. The fresh air will do us all good.'
'Bed would be better for him, the piss-pot,' said Tone, glaring at his mate.
Yes indeed, but perhaps later. For the time being another drink or two was what was needed, and Coral urged them to their feet, up the stairs and outdoors.
'Well go to the Metro,' she said, leading them around one corner, then another, into darker narrower streets. 'The boss is a friend of mine.'
They were welcomed and admitted free of charge into the basement club which was decorated with posters for Ricard and Gauloise and Parisian attractions.
'A nice place, eh?' said Coral, her buxom chest swelling with pride at the celebrity reception her group had been afforded.
'I dont think much of the music,' Tone replied, his frown now directed at the group who hunched beneath the low ceiling of the stage, unable to do much other than nod their heads and make ham-fisted gestures against the strings of their guitars.
Coral tried to tell him what the music was but her words were lost as a deafening crescendo brought the tune without a tune to an end.
'What did she say the song was?' Trev asked, and Virginia bent her head close to his to tell him. With her eyes closed and a not unsophisticated aftershave wafting over her she could almost imagine that she was with someone else. She stayed in this position, head on his shoulder, nearly slumbering.
'Im going to the bog!' Tone announced, as the band struck up again.
Trev nodded, but the movement did not disturb Virginia; her head remained in place on his shoulder.
Fifteen minutes later Coral remarked that Trev was taking rather a long time.
'Hes had a fair bit to drink, you know what its like,' Virginia murmured, her lips licking against Trevs neck.
'Why did he take his coat with him?'
Another fifteen minutes passed.
'Go and see whats keeping him,' Coral said to Trev.
'Yes, I suppose Id better.' His lips kissed Virginias cheek as he lifted her head from his shoulder. 'Back in a jiffy, Ginny.'
Virginia kept her eyes shut, still pretending that he was someone else.
'Hes gone,' said Trev, when he returned.
'Gone?'
'The bloke on the door says he left twenty minutes ago.'
Coral thumped the table, spilling their drinks. 'The bastard!'
The jolt snapped Virginias eyes open. 'Whats wrong?'
'The bloody bastard has gone!'
'And so has my drink,' observed Virginia, seeing her wine swilling over the table. 'We may as well follow,' she decided, persuading herself that Trev was as he had seemed in her dreams, worth taking home.
'What? And let that shithouse ruin our evening? No way!' said Coral, opening her purse. 'Come on, Virginia, help me get the drinks.'
With the promise of another glass Virginia closed her eyes and shifted her head back into place on Trevs shoulder. 'You can manage on your own,' she yawned.
Coral punched her hard on the shoulder. 'No I cant. Come on.'
Virginia went, stumbled across the floor and leant against the bar while Coral ordered drinks. A half pint glass of beer was thrust into her hand.
'Whats this? A half of bitter?'
'Thats right. Drink it up quick, then you can be off.'
'But what about Trev?'
'Hell be okay. Ill see he gets home safely.'
The dawning came quickly, hours earlier than usual. 'Meaning that half a man is better than none? I get it. Tone has pissed off so you think youll settle for Trev?'
'Just go,' said Coral.
'Oh no. You conned me into doing this favour for you and Im going to see it through.'
She hurried back to Trevs side, where she felt she would be safe. Coral followed, none too happy, placed drinks on the table and said that she was going.
'So soon?' grinned Virginia.
There was no comment; Coral turned her back on them and left.
'Poor Coral,' said Trev, and this time he rested his head on Virginias shoulder.
'Poor you,' said Virginia. 'You look tired. Come on, lets go.'
Slowly Trev got to his feet, slowly enough to give Coral a comfortable start over them. Virginia led the way from the club and towards the nearest taxi rank, clinging to Trev in the belief that she would thus be safe from assault, from Coral or from any other aggravated drunkard.
'Where do you live?' she asked, seeing a row of taxis ahead.
'Kirkby.'
That was quite a trek. Still, Trev was weakening, resting his tiny body as heavily as he could against her, so she helped him into the first taxi in the line,  gave the driver his instructions, then settled herself next to her prize. The city blurred past, then terraced houses, then dark empty spaces broken only by scattered clusters of lights. She roused Trev and he gave the driver more exact instructions, left, right, third left and stop outside the next high-rise block. It was only then that he admitted that he had no taxi fare.
'You what?'
Trev shrugged meekly. 'Tone was the one with all the money.'
Cursing, Virginia paid the driver, counting the cost and hoping it was going to be worth it, followed Trev up eight flights of concrete staircase, her eyes too tired to read the graffiti on the walls.
'This is the one,' said Trev, just as she was starting to pant for breath, opening a door and leading her into a thickly carpetted flat.
Though the velour cushions and anaglypta walls were not to her taste, Virginia had to admit that the room was more comfortable than her own. And in addition to the living room there would be a bathroom, a kitchen, bedrooms. She settled herself on the settee and smiled.
'Coffee?' Trev asked, less sleepy and more sober than he had been all night.
'Lovely.'
He went through a door, presumably to the kitchen, and Virginia unbuckled her belt, dropping her trousers to her ankles. Trev could remove them for her when he came back.
'Pull those back up!' he cried, entering the room with two silver jubilee mugs of Maxwell House.
Virginia made no move to do so, so he did it for her, putting the mugs on a glass-topped coffee table and yanking her jeans back up around her waist.
'Thats better,' he said, and sat beside her.
'Much better,' she sighed, her head against his shoulder once more, thinking that no doubt he expected a little more foreplay.
She caressed his hands, stroked his neck and the numbers on the digital clock above the fire clicked remorselessly on. She nibbled at his ears and it all became too much for her.
'I want to go to bed!' she cried, flinging her arms around him.
'Hush,' he said, twisting out of her embrace. 'Youll wake Mum.'
'Mum? You still live with your Mum?'
'Yes. Just until my wife comes out.'
'Comes out? Of where?'
'Nick. Shes doing six months, so I had to move back home so Mum can look after the baby.'
'A baby, too?'
Mother, wife, baby. And two younger brothers who would be home at any time, Trev added. There was obviously no room for Virginia, not even on the settee where she might be caught copulating with any one of three brothers, much to the chagrin of a doting Mum. She fixed her jeans, stood and walked to the door.
'Yes, it is late,' said Trev. 'Youve probably got quite a way to go.'
Late had become early, there was a suggestion of sunrise behind the thin curtains and a weak light shone through the frosted glass of the front door. Trev asked if he would see her again, as he let her out of the flat, but the smile on his lisping lips said that he did not expect to.
'No,' he said, 'its difficult when youve got a wife in nick.'
'Bastard!'

*
Bastard was what each called the other, Coral and Virginia, when they met again the following day.
'You call me a bastard? Do you realise that favour I did for you cost me a fortune and a three hour walk home?'
Coral stabbed a finger towards the till. 'How much money do you think it cost me last night? And I was still frustrated at the end of it! I didnt even get off with the bloody midget!'
'Neither did I!'
'You didnt?'
Virginia was embarrassed to admit it, but no, she didnt, not even a nibble. This made Corals anguish a little easier to bear; her fat cheeks puffed into a smile and for the first time that morning the teeth shone through.
'Theres a lesson to be learned here, Virginia,' she said philosophically. 'Dont blow your money on men because they dont appreciate it and it wont buy you any special favours.'
'Thats easy for you to say,' said Virginia. 'My moneys already blown. Im skint. How about cashing me another cheque?'
'Skint? You had thirty quid off me yesterday.'
But the majority of that had already been committed to other expenses, Virginia explained; rent, rates, child maintenance, monthly subscription to the Legion of Mary.
'I only had a fiver of that to spend on myself,' she said. 'That went on a taxi for Trev. Come on. I cant go to the bank until theres money paid in next week.'
With favour fighting favour, each one leading to further troubles, Virginia wrote out a cheque and received twenty pounds from the till, just one day older but even deeper in debt.

Chapter Seven

Twenty pounds is nothing, it does not go far, especially not when a person earns a reputation, deserved or otherwise, and finds credit hard to come by. The twenty pounds Virginia received from Coral soon ran out.
It was no use, she decided, after a week in the flat with nothing to do but stare at the hole in the wall; she had to get more cash.
Groggy with her first taste of fresh air for so many days, she ventured outdoors. It was evening. The streets were dark, traffic crawling along and clouds hissing above, chasing the retreating sun into a vivid neon strip of sky and taking with them the rain. The night was chilly and it would be no friend to Virginia.
She went into a public house, to rest a while or maybe longer depending upon the clientele and the affability of the management. She stood on the threshold to appraise her surroundings and savour the warmth, took particular note of the landlord; stately and barrel chested, with a splendid moustache, there was a military bearing about him which Virginia found herself echoing in her stride as she walked across the room.
'Good evening to you.'
'Evening,' said the landlord gruffly.
'Ill have a half a pint of mild, please,' said Virginia, asking for the cheapest drink available.
Her needs were attended to with a pronounced lack of enthusiasm. No doubt the chap had had a hard day, with its unfair quota of bitter moments.
Virginia paid for the drink with a smile and her last few coins, suggesting that the beverage was worth every hard-earned button. She tasted her drink, then remarked on the landlords bearing, asked if he had been in the army perhaps.
The landlord shook his head.
'No? You werent in the guards or the marines?'
'No.'
'So it must have been the air force.'
'Wrong again.'
'Strange,' said Virginia, her eyebrows cocked. 'I somehow picture you in uniform.'
'Thats right. The police. I retired six months ago.'
Pardon me, thought Virginia, and went to sit down before her legs gave way. That bloody Tormentor on high was back again, playing tricks like the savage God that He was.
So what to do with the hairdryer which she had brought along in the carrier bag, hoping to palm it off on a landlord in return for the price of a drink or two? Virginia approached a solitary drinker in a quiet corner of the room and struck up a conversation, ascertained that the man was married and congratulated him on his good fortune.
'For myself,' she sighed, with eyes downcast, 'I had hoped to tread that happy bridal path, our romance  was blossoming, and my fianc offered a gift as a token of his affection.' She took the hairdryer from the carrier bag. 'This very hairdryer, it was, and what did he do the week after he gave it me but run off with the very sales assistant he had bought it from.'
'How sad,' the man commiserated.
'And now the hairdryer, marvellous machine that it is, I cant bear to use it. It can only serve as a means of regurgitating his memory.'
'Yes. Tragic.'
Virginia held the hairdryer out so that the man could see it more closely. 'You wouldnt be interested, perhaps?' she asked. 'A surprise for the good lady?'
He smiled sheepishly, as surprised by the offer as his wife would be by the gift. 'No, I dont think so.'
'One crisp tenner. Thats all.'
The man shook his head, but slowly and without conviction, and Virginia guessed that she might have him with a few more carefully chosen words. She spoke of the merits of the device, the saving for the man and the delight of his wife, who would thank him and want to repay him, who would wrap her arms around him with a kiss-kiss, bang-bang, and off they would go to bed to enjoy the conjugals for the first time since Christmas.
'Excuse me for a moment,' the man said, getting to his feet.
Virginia understood and nodded, thinking that he probably wanted to go to the gents to check his funds in privacy, but the man strode briskly to the exits rather than to the toilets, was gone from the bar before he could even be cursed or tripped.
Ah well, at least in his haste he had left a half full glass of beer. Virginia commandeered this before the landlord had a chance to notice.
She was lamenting her luck and consoling herself with the beer when -brrr!- a cold draught came from the door as it was opened and closed. But what a heart-warming sight she saw! The girl who entered was not especially attractive, but she was alone, her lack of company was her greatest recommendation, and Virginia sniffed the air as she passed, recognising the sweet essence of salvation.
Carefully her gaze stalked the girl to the bar and back, as one would with any timid creature. She was a typist, perhaps, a secretary bird of that species which Virginia so often despised; this seemed highly probable when she saw the way the girls nylon legs crossed as she sat facing her. The eyes spoke of sadness and of empty nights and she approached her slowly, anxious not to startle.
She excused herself, begged her pardon for speaking without invitation, and commented on her hair which she said had a sheen like sunshine. She was a great one, Virginia, for the flattering phrase and the so-sincere suck, and the secretary bird was caught unawares.
'What do you mean?' she asked warily.
'Your hair, when you move your head, its like a television commercial. It could be used to sell holidays in the sun.'
'Well, er, thats very nice of you, but really quite unexpected.'
'Of course, you must forgive me, it was terribly rude of me.' She smiled a sane and friendly smile. 'You must think Im crazy.'
'No. Just... unexpected, like I say.'
Again Virginia apologised for likening the girls hair to happiness folded softly against her neck, as comforting as a childs blanket.
The girl was confused, people had never spoken to her in such a way before, and she was a little worried, too, as Virginias fingers reached out to touch, trembling slightly to prove how hesitant and shy she herself was.
Her hair was soft, it was warm and silky, and Virginia said that she could see by the smile that she had her secrets.
'Secrets?'
'With your hair.'
'Oh no, just shampoo and conditioner,' the girl blushed.
'Ah, the conditioner is the thing. But now Id better leave you alone. Once again, please forgive me for bothering you.'
'But-'
'Yes?'
The girl laughed and shamefully confessed, she thought Virginia had been trying to pick her up; there were women like that, she knew.
Virginia put one hand over her heart, cupped her other over the girls hand and told her with sincerity that this had not been so.
'Oh.'
Disappointment?
'Not that you arent attractive,' Virginia added hastily, and the girl lowered her eyes in modest agreement. 'Of course youre attractive, but I approached in admiration, nothing more. No, picking up anyone, male or female, is far from my mind at the moment.'
'It is?'
'Yes. My spirits are far from soaring, you see, my soul is not exactly rapturous.'
'Youre unhappy?' the girl intuited.
'Desolate.'
'Can I help?'
Virginia smiled, sadly, and shook her head. 'It was the most darling man who reduced me to this pitiful state, you see. He was beautiful, he was handsome, and he was taken away from me this very week.'
'Taken?'
'By a wicked trick of fate, by some malevolent deity. He was driving too fast as he came to meet me.'
The horrible truth dawned on the girl. 'You mean hes dead?'
'And his parents blame me, of course. I lived with him and his parents, you see, and now they want me gone.'
'You lived with them and theyve thrown you out?'
'Its understandable. My presence can only serve as a painful reminder of their dead son.'
Virginias expression was noble and defiant; she would survive, already she was learning to forget.
'It must be difficult.'
'Yes,' she admitted. 'Its just your hair, you see. Its so much like his...was.'
A ponce of a man he must have been, to have hair so long, but the girl said, 'Im sorry.'
'Please, dont be. There was no pain in the memory.'
'Then it might have helped?'
'Yes, I believe it might have.'
But there were some memories which had to be erased, some mementoes which had to go. She showed the hairdryer, a present from him and the last painful memory she had of him. Perhaps the young woman might like to have it, Virginia thought. There was such a resemblance about the hair that it would be like giving it back to her lost love.
Of course the girl could not accept it, it was obviously a good and expensive machine.
'That it is,' said Virginia. 'But its of no benefit to me, it would be too painful if I was to use it. Please, take it.'
'Well let me pay you for it, at least,' said the girl, fumbling in her purse.
'I couldnt do that.'
She turned her face disdainfully from the offensive brown note which was waved beneath her nose. It had an unmistakeable odour.
'Please. I insist.'
'You do?'
'Yes.'
'Very well, then,' she said, already plucking the note from the girls fingers. 'But only on one condition.'
'What?'
'That you allow me to buy you a drink.'
They exchanged smiles and the transaction was concluded. She went to the bar with the portrait of the dear old Queen clutched in her hand and bought drinks. When she returned to the girls side they introduced themselves. The girls name was Constance, she blushed to offer such a ridiculous mouthful, but Virginia thought that it was not ridiculous, she told her that it was beautiful and timeless. As she was, she continued, with her white teeth sparkling and moist, eyes clear and bright and cheering up the dismal bar whenever she smiled. And how might her body glow in the dark hush of a bedroom? Virginia itched to find out. After Trev she had had enough of men for the time being.
'And what will you do tonight?' Constance asked her.
'Ill be okay, dont you worry yourself about me. Ill probably find some cheap boarding house. Or sleep down at the Pier Head.'
'But you cant do that! Come with me. You can sleep on the settee.'
'No, Constance. Im a stranger, you hardly know me.'
'I know that youre kind. And sad.'
Virginia kissed her on the cheek to show that she appreciated the gesture, her lips against the golden down, while Constance touched a hand to hers and insisted that she wanted to help. Still Virginia declined her offer of accommodation, though she did accept her invitation to a cup of coffee and a sandwich.
Things would develop from there; she might just be persuaded.
'Good,' Constance smiled.
And so might life be, good, with just a little luck, and she escorted Constance through the darkly hostile streets, her arm enfolding her both for the protection it afforded and the pleasure it gave. Constance made no complaint and Virginias arm crept on a little, around the slender back and up to the warmth of an armpit, there to nudge the soft swell of a breast.
She whistled softly, to frighten away any childhood ghosts, one of her favourite tunes: Thanks for the Mammaries.


Constance wept and Virginia cursed when the girls mother refused to let her stay the night, but what was the use? Nothing could be done with a matron in attendance, so she went home, up the rope ladder and to her solitary bed, a few pounds and pence in her pocket to make life easier for a while. It could only be for a short while, though, she accepted this and the knowledge kept her awake. Unable to sleep she searched her room for more saleable items, but there was nothing of any value to be found. Indeed, there was little of anything left, no furniture in which anything might be  hidden, all the furniture having been disposed of over the past few weeks. She slumped down on the mattress, which was all she had left, too tattered to be of any worth.
What a mess, she thought. twenty four years old and what did she have? The use of a small flat, for which she paid and paid -sometimes- but which could never be hers. Surely she should have some capital by now, she was old enough to deserve a little security, but no, her possessions were slowly decreasing in number rather than multiplying.
She took stock of what she had, or rather of what she did not have: she had no home, no car, no savings. Not even a husband and kid, which was perhaps her only blessing. But there again, perhaps she should have married some years ago, found in-laws that her parents would have liked and respected; she would have found herself a home, this way, a nice place for friends to visit, somewhere she would have been happy to stay. Advancement, career prospects, a faithful husband and a stable life.
Stable, eh? As in manger? Some place where animals and other base creatures could huddle together for comfort? No, that was the defeatist way, and in her anger she pounded on the wall with her fist.
The wall pounded back, or someone on the other side. Goomer? Maybe he owed her money, or could lend her some, or had something worth stealing. She jumped up from the mattress and went from her room to his.
Goomer was his usual amorphous shape in the bed, hidden beneath the silks and shawls and excuses for blankets.
'Go away, Virginia. Its too early.'
'I just called about that ten pounds I lent you,' she said, sitting on the edge of the bed. There was not much room, which led her to believe that there were two bodies in there, Goomer and Dean.
'What ten pounds?' asked Goomer. The bed covers crept down below his chin and a second head came into view.
'Is he still here? I told you, hes weirdo.'
'You never lent me ten quid.'
'I didnt?' She shrugged. 'Must be thinking of someone else, then. Lend me ten pounds until I can get it back.'
'Get it back? Who from?'
'Whoever I lent it to,' she said, with an imprecise wave of the hands. 'Lend me a tenner until the end of the week.'
'No. I havent got it.'
'What about Dean?'
'You surely wouldnt borrow money from him, would you? Hes a weirdo.'
'Theres no need for sarcasm.'
Goomer slipped lower in the bed, hiding his head again in the warmth of the covers and the body beside him. He told her to go.
Virginia stuck two fingers up at the ruffled sheets, then turned and walked towards the door. Stopping by the stereo unit, she flicked her fingers silently through the stack of records which were beneath it.
'And keep your thieving mitts off my records!' was the muffled warning from the bed.
Virginia left loudly, annoyed, empty handed and still no more prosperous. Back in her own room, on the mattress again, she had difficulty in getting comfortable. The tingling between her legs was getting in the way, its excitement brought upon by the near presence of two young men in bed. Oh Christ, that again, was it? She groaned, unzipped her trousers, then quickly zipped them up again. No, she would not resort to such measures, it was too demeaning. She paced back and forth across the room, searching for some other outlet for her frustrations.
How about that more aesthetic illumination that Goomer had sometimes spoken of? If she could not take his money or his goods then she might as well take his advice. There might even be a profit to be made, if Gerald found the result to his liking, so she took her  sketch-pad from beneath the mattress, pencils from her jacket pocket and began. As morning light outshone the naked bulb overhead a drawing developed, its beauty becoming brighter by breakfast time.

*
'Not bad,' she decided. 'Yes, quite marketable.'
Tearing two hardboard panels from the door she tucked the drawing between them to stop it creasing or tearing. With such an encumbrance under her arm any descent by rope ladder was impractical, of course, so she stepped confidently into the corridor and down the stairs, sure that no one would be about so early in the morning.
'Ive been listening to you wrecking the place!' someone shouted, through a narrow crack in one of the doors she passed, and she ran down the remaining flights of stairs, out onto the street where the sight of the cathedral calmed her.
'Fuckers,' she muttered, and made her way more sedately into town, the soft blue sky tempering her mood.
Blue skies were always the most promising of all.
Geralds staff were idly tidying the shop, waiting for the first customers of the day, and one of them pointed Virginia down a steep flight of stairs, telling her that the boss was in the basement. She found him unpacking prints, adding to the disarray which covered the huge table in the centre of the room.
'Delightful, arent they?' he said, lining up a series of three prints by Russell Flint.
'Not bad,' Virginia admitted grudgingly, refusing to be impressed by them.
Gerald laughed. 'Dear old Virginia. You get a handful of drawings exhibited in a scruffy wine-bar and youre unbearable.' He noticed the hardboard she carried beneath her arm, asked, 'Whats that?'
'I did what you suggested. Some more work.'
She slid the drawing out and conceitedly placed it on top of the middle of the three Russell Flints.
'Its Goomer,' said Gerald.
'Is it? No it isnt.'
But the face which had come from dreams and ideals did bear a slight resemblance.
'Anyway, despite the subject its really quite nice.' Geralds finger went to his lips, as it always did when it was time for consideration. 'Yes, it isnt bad at all. Not totally original, of course, a wee bit reminiscent of the designer portraits you get in Waring and Gillow. Still, it has a certain appeal.'
Virginia grinned and shuffled her feet; the soles always itched at the prospect of money. 'So? What about it?'
'What about what?'
'How much?'
'Now? You want money now? Virginia, darling, you must realise that it isnt as simple as that. Theres a publisher to be found for the drawings, prints made, postcards or posters or whatever, before any cash can come your way.' He picked up the drawing and slipped it into a cardboard folder. 'Leave it with me for a month or so and Ill see what I can do.'
'A month? Shit, Gerald, Im skint, I need money now.'
'Well, I do happen to be short of a girl in the shop at the moment, if you fancy helping out.'
'Im serious!'
So was Gerald. 'Well? Do you want to earn a few pounds?'
Virginia thought, but not for long. She shook her head. 'Its too nice a day to spend indoors.'
'What you mean is that its beneath you to do such a banal job. You really must learn to swallow your pride, Virginia, and slip back down to our level.'
'I couldnt, its polluted down there, Id choke,' she said, and left.
She left in too much of a mood, in fact, left without even thinking to ask for a loan. That was remiss of her. With her feet planted on the Bold Street pavement again she looked up and cursed God, noticing that the sky was starting to cloud over and spit on her. She would have to shelter, sooner or later, and that would mean spending money. She wasted the remaining hours before noon in Lewis department store, playing with the electronic games in the toy department and then strolling between the cosmetics counters, enjoying the warmth and the fragrances and doing her best to convince herself that the made-up girls, though desirable, were less attractive than she.
At five minutes to twelve she ran through the rain to the Corkscrew, thinking that with a drink inside her she might find the courage to ask Coral to cash yet another cheque. She couldnt possibly go to the bank in this downpour, she would say, but was given no chance to speak.
'Fifty quid!' Coral shouted, before Virginia had even reached the foot of the stairs. 'Fifty faffing quid!'
'Youve lost it?' Virginia asked, thinking of fingers dipped into the till to finance a night out, or maybe books unbalanced through poor accounting.
'Faffing well right I have!' Coral waved a letter to which were stapled two cheques. 'Pay, it says on these! One for thirty quid and one for twenty! Only the bank wont!'
'Theyve bounced?' Virginia feared.
'Up and down and theyre at it yet! I cant keep the bleeders still!'
Virginia apologised -she said she was at a loss to think what the bank was playing at- and bought drinks for herself and Coral.
'Leave this to me,' she said, when Coral had calmed down and settled back on her heels, no longer towering over the bar on tiptoes like some giant predatory thing. 'Ill sort it out with the bank manager. Hell honour the cheques.'
'Youll come straight back here with fifty pounds in cash,' Coral insisted.
Virginia pursed her lips. 'That could prove difficult,' she confessed. 'Im a bit short on funds at the moment and theres no work coming in.'
'Then find some!'
Josh, behind the bar with Coral, tugged at her sleeve and whispered in her ear. She nodded as she listened, her lips straining around a smile. When Josh had finished she asked Virginia if she possessed a camera, a good one.
'No,' Virginia replied; then, seeing Coral frown, she quickly added, 'I know where I can borrow one, though.'
From Goomer, if he would trust her not to sell the thing; he had all the equipment, an enlarger as well as the camera and lenses.
'And you can use it properly? Do you know what youre doing?'
'You bet.'
'In that case Ive got a job for you. Or, rather, the bloke next door has.'
The Corkscrew was flanked by a jewellers on one side and a sex shop on the other; Virginia thought that Corals proposition might prove interesting.
'What is it?' she asked.
The work was for the jeweller, of course. A minor disappointment.
'The chap wants some photographs for a window display,' Coral explained. 'Elegant people in fetching poses, showing off his expensive trinkets.'
'Im one of the beautiful people,' Josh proudly interrupted.
'Dont get carried away, Josh. All you have to do is flash your wrists and neck with baubles draped around them.'
Josh was hurt and lapsed into silence.
Coral turned back to Virginia. 'So you do the job and I get the money.'
'All of it?'
'Up to the fifty pounds you owe me.'
'But Im skint,' Virginia protested.
'Just be thankful to Josh youve still got your health. If it wasnt for him youd be crawling out of here on your hands and knees.'
'Thanks, Josh,' said Virginia, and he smiled.
'Any time I can help.'

Chapter Eight

Goomer agreed to the loan of the camera and Dean, God bless him, knew where he could borrow some lights for her, so Virginia looked quite professional, well worth the fee she would demand. In anticipation of this she spent a last few shillings on a drink.
'Whats that?' the barman asked, as she stacked her equipment in the corner of an unfamiliar pub.
'An electric pool cue.'
'Get away,' he laughed, serving the pint she asked  for, but then said, 'Is it really?'
She shook her head, carefully sipping her drink at the same time. 'Theyre lights,' she told him.
'So whatre you doing, then?'
'Taking some photographs.'
'Oh, so youre a photographer?' he said, and began to preen himself.
'No, not really. I do Day-Glo posters for chippies and Chinese takeaways.'
The barman wandered away to serve other customers, but soon returned with more questions. 'So whatre you photographing? Dirty snaps, are they?'
'Why? Are you interested in dirty pictures?'
Virginia was sure he was, even though he feigned insult -Ive grown out of that sort of thing- as he turned away. He was a little too macho for her tastes, though, a deep vee of chest hair showing, so rather than hang around the bar fighting off dreams and fantasies she drank up and went off in search of her subjects.
The first was young, only fifteen in fact, attractive but too young for Virginias tastes, and her bare neck and shoulders were photographed adorned with gold chains and necklaces.
The second was Virginias age or thereabouts, but with a sullen look which made her seem bitchy; even her elegant hands refused to smile for Virginia as she pointed the camera at the rings and bracelets which covered them with a dull sunshine.
The third was Josh, not embarrassed to be posing alongside two females, and he was the only one who spoke to her, grinning as she circled him and adjusted the lights on his bare chest, bringing a sparkle to the chains he wore.
'Who are those other two?' she asked, raising his hand to his shoulder to get a heavy gold bracelet into shot, looking with lowered eyes at the woman and the girl who were inspecting the items on display around the shop.
'Search me,' he said. 'Clarkey found them. I suspect, though, that the older one might be his fancy woman.'
'I wouldnt be surprised if the dirty sod picked her up on Percy Street. Shes about as pleasant as the pros who hang around there.'
'Now, Virginia, dont be so ungracious,' Josh chided. 'And dont knock Clarkey, either. Thats whats known as biting the hand that feeds you.'
'Well, he strikes me as being a bit of a randy sod. He had his hands all over me while he was explaining what he wanted.'
Mr Clarke came across, resting one grey-sleeved arm on Joshs naked shoulder. A heavy gold wristwatch burst out from beneath a crisp white cuff.
'Nearly finished?' he asked Virginia.
'Nearly.'
'And how long will the prints take?'
'Give me about a week, I reckon. I could do them myself, only the enlargements you want are bigger than I can handle.' She snapped off a final few shots, then asked, 'Do you think you could advance me a bit on the fee, to cover expenses?'
Mr Clarke tucked his chin into his collar with a business-like frown. 'What do you think, Josh? Can I trust your friend?'
Josh smiled. Oh, you can trust Virginia, Mr Clarke. The salt of the earth is Virginia, never been known to let anyone down.'
Taking a pigskin wallet from his inside pocket, Mr Clarke pulled out some notes -it was packed with twenties, to save on bulk- and passed them to Virginia. 'Sixty pounds,' he said. 'Account paid in full. And now Im taking everyone for a drink. Will you join us?'
It was like Christmas, with sixty pounds in the hand and the offer of a free drink. Virginia packed away the equipment and they went to a bar named Whispers, a place as quiet as its name, where Mr Clarke bought drinks for the five of them, obviously well able to afford it. Every note produced was an unwrinkled twenty and Virginia never saw what happened to the tatty ones which were received in change.
'The guy must be loaded,' she said to Josh.
He was still the only one who talked to her, the other two probably believing that she was below them and lacking the status of the revered jeweller.
'Yes, hes lovely, isnt he?' said Josh.
'Lovely?'
It was a strange word to use, of one man by another, especially when it was Josh who was speaking.
'Some people will do anything for money, you know,' Josh grinned.
'But with him? Hes old, obese, overdressed-'
'And loaded, like you say?' Josh laughed at Virginias disgust. 'Everyone has got something to offer, Virginia, and sometimes money can be just as attractive as beauty, brains or wit.'
'If thats the case then why arent I fawning over him like those other two? Im as desperate for money as anyone.'
'Perhaps youre more subtle than they are,' Josh ventured. 'There again, perhaps you prefer my company. Like I say, everyone has got something to offer.'
Virginia, not vain, had a little difficulty in accepting this second possibility; her self-confidence was following the moon at this time, was on the wane. 'What do I have to offer, then?' she asked. 'Is it beauty, brains or wit?'
'At the moment I suppose you can offer sixty pounds worth of entertainment,' he said cruelly.
He took a cigarette from her pack which was on the table, lit it and sat back, smiling to himself and to a distant secret which might have been hidden somewhere in the decor of the far wall. Those superficial surfaces which Goomer had previously remarked upon began to glow in the muted light of the bar, starkly contrasted by the heavy black curl of hair which Josh flicked away from his brow from time to time, revealing the even greater perfection of his smooth skin. Had she not been in debt to Coral then Virginia would have been more than prepared to give him sixty pounds worth of entertainment, if only for the pleasure of having people see her in his company.
'Its a pity I didnt get any shots of your face,' she said.
Josh turned to her. 'Oh yes? And whys that?'
'I think I could do some nice drawings of you, thats why?'
'Ah! So youre an artist now? Youve finally decided?'
Whether she was or not, it would be nice to have his image somewhere, above her bed or in her purse.
'You wouldnt fancy posing for me, would you?'
'Nude? Youre not thinking of anything lurid like that, are you?'
'No, just portraits,' she said, annoyed to feel herself blush. 'Id find a studio, do it properly. You wouldnt have to come around to my squalid flat.'
'Alright, then. I dont see why not.'
It was so easy that Virginia could not believe her good fortune. She took his telephone number -not able to remember where he lived, having been drunk on her only previous visit- and promised to get in touch as soon as everything was arranged.

*
She was quick in attending to the necessary details, in finding a studio, dusting Goomers lenses and even persuading Gerald to lend her his car. The hire of a studio, although straightforward, did cause her to wonder, though.
'How long will you want it for?' the proprietor asked her, rubbing sweaty palms together. He seemed curious that a woman, rather than a man, should want to hire his studio.
'A couple of hours should be enough,' Virginia estimated.
'And what about a model? I have one or two chaps on the books. I can supply fashion, portrait, glamour.
'Thats okay, I have my own,' she said, though she was intrigued by the suggestive emphasis on the last category.
It was all a little seedy, to be sure, but it was the only studio she could find, it was cheap and the equipment was good enough for her less than professional needs. She hoped that the location would not offend Josh, for he looked anything but seedy as he walked along the street towards her.
They said hello to each other, she thanked him for coming and he said that it was nothing, he was looking forward to the experience. All very banal. Virginia led him to the borrowed car and they drove across the city, only a five minute drive but in that brief time he managed to let slip hints at a boring home life -this is the most exciting thing thats happened for weeks- at a dissatisfaction with a marriage which offered nothing but the security of a home. It was more honest than any conversation they had ever had in the Corkscrew and not the kind of admission that Virginia would have expected to be made after so brief an acquaintance. She was a little embarrassed by his frankness if the truth were known and did her best to discourage further talk of the matter.
The man with the sweaty palms met them outside the studio and explained that they would have to wait a moment, there was a client inside. They waited, quietly self conscious. Eventually the door opened and a respectable middle aged man came out, lacking any photographic equipment but escorting a busty brunette on his arm.
'Okay?' the proprietor asked.
'Okay,' the man smiled, and left with the girl.
They entered the studio and Virginia was made familiar with the equipment, with the flashometer and the umbrellas and the spare camera. An electric fire was already switched on and made the room seem sinfully warm.
'If the telephone rings just ignore it, the answering machine will deal with all calls.'
'Fine,' said Virginia.
'Well, Ill see you in a couple of hours,' the man smiled, his moist hands moving furiously against each other.
The telephone rang quite a few times and not once did the answering machine bother responding. One man rang to ask for Glorias number, a club owner called wanting to know where his exotic dancer was and a very cultivated sounding lady was eager to describe the services she could offer. In between these interruptions Virginia sat Josh on a red velvet couch, some dried flowers by his side, and took photographs from all angles. She began with full length shots and then, as her confidence grew, she moved closer, dwelling on the face and the eyes which stared back unblinkingly. From time to time Josh would talk, of life and its problems, but afterwards Virginia could not recall a word of what was said.
It grew hot beneath the studio lights and Josh suggested that he might take off his shirt. While Virginia reloaded the camera, pretending not to watch but sneaking sly glances, he took off his shirt and the tee shirt beneath; she noted the way the muscles in his arms flexed. She then moved him over to a full length mirror to add variety, then to a large cane chair, and finally to the floor. She was getting warm herself, beginning to sweat, but it never occurred to her to take off her jacket.
'I think thats it,' she said at last, with thirty minutes of the two hours remaining.
She packed the camera away, Josh pulled on his tee shirt and brushed back his hair, then they went to the door. It was locked.
'What must that dirty sod have been thinking wed get up to?' Josh asked with a laugh.
'He probably locked the door so we wouldnt run away with his gear.'
'Oh yes?' Josh laughed again. 'I think he thinks we were going to get up to something risqu and he didnt want anyone barging in on us.'
'Surely not,' said Virginia, kicking at the door.
'Surely so. I never thought you would be that innocent, Virginia.'
They sat on the floor, to have a cigarette while they waited, and entertained themselves by looking through an address book which lay by the telephone. They laughed at the photographs which went with each name, compared the accompanying statistics.
'Heres a nice one,' said Josh, reading aloud. 'Roger. Thirty four. Six foot one and thirteen stones. Very athletic. Now I wonder what that might mean?'
'And here, listen to this. Will pose alone or in a group.'
'Weve stumbled on a regular knocking shop here,' Josh believed.
The book was only closed when a key turned in the lock and the door opened. Palms still sweating, the man entered, first announcing his presence with a series of tactful coughs.
'Everything go alright?' he asked.
'Perfect,' Virginia answered.
The man smiled, as though he understood only too well.
'He thinks what you thought he was thinking,'Virginia said to Josh, as they went downstairs, and he  gave her a strange look, one which she was afraid to interpret. Rather than question it she suggested they have a drink.
In the nearest public house they sat in a quiet corner.
'Well, thanks for coming,' Virginia said. 'I think I got some nice shots out of that.'
'Will you tell me one thing?' said Josh.
'Yes?'
'While we were in there, locked in that sweaty room, didnt you want to do anything? Didnt you want me to kiss you, at least?'
Virginia stuttered and muttered, unaccustomed to such embarrassment, thought about the wife Josh had mentioned and the attraction she felt, found herself caught between truthfulness, caution and good manners.
She had always been the one to do any seducing, the one to take the lead, and now found herself uncomfortable with the reversal of the roles.
'You did, didnt you?' Josh said, and kissed her on the lips, leaning his body nicely into hers.
The simple action eased the tension. Virginia made her confession -of course she had wanted to kiss him- and it was unlike any that she had made before, on those dark Thursday nights in the privacy of the Catholic church of her youth.
'You must possess remarkable self control,' Josh said, putting his hand on her thigh, and what little she had began to crumble.
They stayed this way, in close confidence in their corner seat, talking and kissing until Josh announced that he had to leave. Virginia was reluctant to break the contact, but had little alternative.
'Come on, I can give you a lift. Where am I taking you?'
He told her, and once in the car he gave her directions, out of the city and along unfamiliar streets.
It was when she was lost in the suburbs that he told her to stop the car. The handbrake went on and he came across to her immediately, the lights were doused, his body felt soft like a feather pillow and she was encourage to touch him, her rumoured self control now in ruins.
'This isnt good enough,' he said, after what seemed to be the briefest of embraces.
'Im sorry,' Virginia apologised, thinking that she had already been found inadequate in some way.
Joshs hand went to her cheek to tell her that she  was not to blame. 'Its not you, its just that we need more time and more room,' he said, lifting his legs over the gear lever and straightening his trousers. 'We need to be somewhere else if were going to do this properly.'
'Then Ill see you again?'
'You must do.'
'But how? Where?'
'Saturday,' Josh said. 'Denise is away for a rugger match.'
'A what?' said Virginia, startled. 'You're wife plays rugby?'
Josh laughed at her alarm. 'She acts as physio,' he explained. 'So meet me in that pub weve just passed, about one.'
He kissed her and left, going along with a happy swagger towards the public house he had mentioned. Back at the flat, with Goomers equipment in the communal bathroom, Virginia worked until early morning, processing the film and printing the photographs. Someone banged on the door but she refused top let them in, told them she was busy, suggested they use the kitchen sink if they were desperate.

*
'Tell me what you want me to do, Virginia. Just tell me. Ill do whatever you ask.'
Virginia told Josh to do whatever came naturally, but the things he did were far from natural and made her eyes water. She shut her lids tight and lay back while her middle-class, bored-with-marriage lover performed his supernatural acts.
The bed was low and large and expensive, not of a type to which she was accustomed, so she did not fall asleep when Josh had finished with her -it was, after all, the first time in months that anyone had even bothered to start on her- but took in the luxury of her surroundings. Above her and behind her was a mirrored alcove, flanked by fitted wardrobes; other wardrobes were flush with the surface of the opposite walls and she had seen how crammed these were with clothes when Josh had undressed, folding each of the items with an almost cool detachment and hanging them up in preselected spaces. For her part, she had simply dropped her own clothes onto the carpet, excited by the thick pile between her toes when she took off her shoes and stockings.
'Do you have something against people seeing your body?' Josh asked.
'No. Why?'
'Its just that you shot beneath the covers so quickly, like you were shy.'
Of course she was not shy, she had been naked before men many times. It was just that this time everything seemed so different, so out of her control.
'Its the bed,' she said, bucking her body to make it bounce. 'Ive never slept in one like this before.'
'One with a mattress and springs, you mean?' Josh said with a laugh.
'Not one with so many, Im sure. Its so big. Why, you could almost fit all the people I know into this.'
To Josh this sounded like something else to try, a new dimension to his Saturday afternoons. He rubbed his body closer to Virginia, said, 'Do you think any of your friends would be interested, then?'
Virginia pushed him gently off, too tired to respond again as yet. Rejected, Josh rolled away, slipped off the bed to walk around to the wardrobe at her side. He was so brazenly naked, as if he was posing again for her camera; he was vain, a trait she didnt like in a man, but with Josh she forgave it.
'You really are a bit of a peasant, Virginia,' he said, taking a white bathrobe from the back of the door and throwing it over his shoulder. 'Its only an ordinary double bed, you know.'
It seemed that he had already forgotten about the more exciting possibilities it might offer. Virginia yawned and turned over, burying her face in the pillows.
'Dont go to sleep,' Josh told her. 'Get up and tidy up while I have a shower.'
To make sure she did as she was told he pulled the quilt from her, leaving her exposed like some forlorn foetal things. When his bare buttocks had bobbed around the door Virginia uncurled herself, sat on the edge of the bed and dressed. Though her clothes were dry they felt uncomfortable against her damp skin. With her stockings in the pocket of her skirt and her shoes in her hands she went downstairs to the kitchen, searched through the pine-fronted cabinets and found the coffee. She filled and switched on the kettle -everything was electricity, clean simplicity- then walked to the living room while it boiled. All was clean simplicity here, too. A shallow but spacious settee in plain hessian fabric, with matching armchairs set at right angles; the walls were plain pastel colours and the carpet only slightly darker. It had to be like living in some non-committal land, she thought, with everything neuter and neutral.
Above the electric fire she found a framed photograph of Josh, some years younger, wearing his hair in what would now be an unfashionably longer style.
'The year before I got married,' he said, stepping into the room, his hair glistening from the shower.
'When was that?'
He smiled but gave no direct answer. 'I was young,  then. Nineteen.'
Eight or nine years ago? Ten, perhaps? The way vain people were so often vague about dates was confusing to Virginia, even though her own unreliable memory made similar matters necessarily blurred.
The kettle could be heard clicking off in the kitchen and Josh went to make the coffee.
'Remind me to wash both cups,' he said when he returned, and grinned. 'We dont want to leave any clues, do we?'
They sat opposite each other, in the armchairs.
Victoria nodded to the photograph above the fire, said, 'I dont see any of your wife.' She had read somewhere that it was civilised to talk of the partner with the one who had just been unfaithful; it was a mature acceptance of circumstances. 'Why is that?' she asked.
'Shes private sort, prefers to stay under cover, sort of.'
'Why? What does she do?'
'Shes just not very photogenic.'
Virginia could not imagine Josh being married to an un-photogenic woman, but this was all he would say about his wife, though he did hint, as often as was possible, that he was not happy with her.
Did she nag him? Cause him mental anguish? Neglect his needs? No, it seemed not. He was just... not happy.
Some more specific reason might have served to ease Virginias conscience, convinced her that she was fulfilling some therapeutic function, doing something more noble than merely relieving her own frustrations. Josh would offer no such concrete excuse, though, so she just had to accept his word; he was unhappily married and she was providing a distraction.
'Isnt it enough that we both wanted to do what we did?' he asked.
'I suppose so,' she said.
Josh got up from his seat and knelt on the carpet at Virginias feet, his arms resting across her knees.
She felt them immediately begin to tremble.
'If it feels good, do it. Isnt that the way its supposed to be?'
Yes, Virginia could not deny the maxim, it felt good and so they did it again, they made love on the carpet as Josh had wanted to do in the first place, helping him forget how unhappy he was.

Chapter Nine

'This bloke sounds like some kind of male nymphomaniac to me,' said Peter. 'What would you call him? A satyr?'
'Yes, insatiable,' Virginia agreed. 'Great, isnt it?'
'Hell sap your strength.'
'He can have my soul if he wants it. Im not kidding, Peter, hes absolutely bloody gorgeous. A perfect body. A face like youve never dreamed of.'
'And what about this wife of his?'
'Hes unhappy with her,' said Virginia, offering her only excuse.
'Like shell be unhappy with you, when she finds out whats going on.'
Virginia shrugged; she knew that Peter disapproved, but imagined that it was out of envy that anyone could be so happy.
Who could not envy her? She had a beautiful man to love, in comfortable surroundings, a man who had money enough that she no longer needed to worry unduly about her own finances; Josh was well able to cover the expenses of any evenings out. These were not all that frequent, though. His wifes career, whatever it was, kept her quite occupied, the house was free and Virginia was content to spend their time together there. The occasions when they went out were those times when his wife was at home; then they would go for a meal or to the cinema, or just for a drink, secure in the knowledge that they would not be caught for the only place Joshs unadventurous wife went was the social club at her place of work.
'Youll be found out,' Peter was sure.
Virginia was equally sure that they would not, and she grinned broadly. Old Gus, the ex-seaman, commented on her good mood. He would be sure to disapprove of her affair so she said nothing of the reason for her improved humour.
'Im broke, theres no work to be had and the bank manager hates me,' she said. 'Things cant get much worse so why should I worry?'
Gus chuckled, admiring her spirit. 'Have a drink on me, then,' he invited.
'No, youve got me wrong, Gus,' Virginia said, grabbing the old mans hand before any money could be placed on the bar. 'I wasnt looking for pity or charity.'
'Now youre sounding like that miserable old Filipino who lives round the corner,' he said, breaking free and paying for two drinks. He handed one to Virginia, his hand trembling and spilling beer. 'Ive been broke too, love,' he continued, and his face became suddenly grave. 'So broke, in fact, that Ive done things I was ashamed of. I remember New Orleans. I was so desperate...'
What he did when funds were getting low was to check the obituary column each day, looking for the better addresses, and then buy pencils in bulk and have them stamped with the name of the recently deceased. His good manners and soft words, when he called at the house of mourning with the goods the dead man was purported to have ordered, would be charming enough to persuade the widow of only days to buy the items in remembrance of her dearly departed husbands last act.
'Im so ashamed,' said Gus, shaking his head. 'The poor women would say they couldnt understand why their husbands would want a gross of the things, but still theyd buy them.'
Virginia consoled the old man. 'They could afford it. You shouldnt worry.'
'But you should worry,' Gus insisted. 'Never, ever, take advantage of someones misfortune like that. Its a nasty thing to do, love, and dont you forget it.'
Nasty things to do included hair-dryers stolen and then sold, cheques bounced and wives cheated, Jenny Wilson tripped up in the school playground eighteen years ago; Virginia recalled all her sins but just as quickly forgot them.
Perhaps it was the momentary guilt on her face which prompted Gus to say, 'But youre alright, love. Youre a good girl.'
Virginia let the opinion stand uncorrected. Rather than upset people by being honest with them, by showing her true self, she always preferred to resort to silence, deceit or unashamed lies. In this, at least, in trying not to upset people, she was good. This was the fair way.
'Its a kindness,' she told Peter, when Gus had gone. 'It would only upset him if I told him what I was really like. Any sin is justified if it keeps people happy.'
In Peters opinion this was a pitiful philosophy and he would entertain none of Virginias arguments. 'Come on, admit it, its wrong,' he said. 'Be reasonable.'
'But any reasonable person has to be unreasonable, Peter, since reasoned thought leads to nowhere except God. How can you reason for or against anything if reasoned thought gives you so many alternatives that all you can fall back on is blind faith?'
'Ive heard all your arguments before, Virginia, ontologies and Cartesian doubts.'
Yes, Peter had, and very often he had an answer for them. Rather than risk an argument which she might lose Virginia said that she would have to go.

*
It was early evening and Josh would be at home with his wife, pretending to be happy with her, and Virginia found herself with another night to waste. She tried to  convince herself that she was content. This process -convincing herself that she was content- necessitated a further drink, of course, for contentment according to Virginia meant being free and having a degree of independence. And what was it that those people were denied who had neither freedom or independence? Why, the opportunity to drink whenever the urge came, without consultation or the permission of another. If only Virginia had been able to accept it, of course, what she mistook for freedom and independence was nothing other  than loneliness; this, which she had at first encouraged, was now slowly becoming something to be accepted, to be carried like a cross or a monstrous placard which announced her remoteness and warned people away as if from some contagious disease.
Still. What the hell. She toured the town, not realising that she was frequenting bars where other lonely people stood in their singular ranks, restating dreams in the hope that they might become more real, speaking of past conquests and times enjoyed and refusing to admit to regrets for they were heroic folk who were masters of their own fates.
Virginias mood slumped without her knowing why; she could think of no reason why it should soar and dive like a demented roller-coaster. She blamed the weather, she blamed the drink, she blamed the people she overheard in the dismal places she visited, and by the time she reached the Corkscrew she was in a vicious temper.
'Give us a can of Red Stripe, Coral,' she said, a demand rather than a request.
'Give me fifty quid first.'
Malfunction! The one place Virginia had told herself she must avoid was the Corkscrew, she had written a reminder on her bedroom window in chinagraph pencil that very morning, but drink had distracted her and she was left to pay the price.
'Fifty quid,' Coral repeated.
'Make it ten for the time being.'
'Fifty.'
'Twenty, then.'
It was the doctrine of eternal recurrence once again; everything was happening in the same tragic way that it had happened before. Virginia tried to reason with Coral; some more work had come along, necessitating an initial outlay but promising to pay dividends. Would Coral settle for twenty five pounds?
'Its only until the end of the week, Coral. I promise.'
'This is the end of the week, Virginia.'
'Next week.'
Coral eventually softened and held out her hand for the twenty five pounds. 'The rest by next Saturday, though,' she cautioned. 'Otherwise Ill have the men with the cricket bats out after you.'
Virginia smiled. Though Coral was big and burly she would never be so nasty, and with half the debt paid her mood was already mellowing. Her cheeks billowed around her half-contained smile.
'There are these two blokes coming down tonight,' she told Virginia.
'If their names are Tone and Trev you can forget it.'
'That bastard?' He was so easily dismissed. 'No, its not him and his puny mate. These are real lookers.'
'You can still forget it. After the last time Ill find my own men, thank you very much. In fact I already have.'
'Really?' Coral showed interest; as she leant against the bar a few of the weaker timbers creaked. 'Who?'
'Oh, you know him,' Virginia grinned smugly.
'Its not Goomer. Hes turning the other way again, back to his own kind. I know that.'
'No, its not Goomer. Its someone much closer to the Corkscrew, in fact.'
Still the clue did not help, so Virginia told her.
'Josh?' said Coral, and creased up with laughter, her large frame doubling up behind the bar.
'Whats the matter?' Virginia wanted to know. 'Youve got to admit that Josh is a hunk, especially compared with some of the weeds youve introduced me to.'
'Oh yes, Josh is a hunk alright,' Coral agreed. Then, cryptically, she said, 'I just wonder if youll be able to cope, thats all.'
Virginia was confused. 'Cope? With Josh?'
Coral crumpled, her laughter bringing her down to crack her chin on the bar.
Loopy, thought Virginia, and retreated to her favourite corner, the one where she had got smashed and sold her drawings for a drink at a time. She smiled at this memory and found herself slipping back, from one recollection to another, not quite as far back as childhood.
'Good evening, boys,' she heard Coral say, when the clock behind the bar had made innumerable tipsy spins, and she assumed that the two men mentioned earlier had arrived. She would not make up a foursome, she was determined of that, but curiosity made her get up out of her seat and take a step or two towards the bar. The two men Coral had greeted were Goomer and Dean.
'Youre surely not taking these two out?' she said.
'If only.' Coral gave Goomer a welcoming smile. 'But no, Im not.'
Virginia made a quick assessment of the choices she faced. Knowing Coral, it was inevitable that the two expected would be pretty low in the stakes as regards looks and personality, less attractive than Goomer and Dean. This was no condemnation, of course, for Goomer was always quite the handsome one, and Dean, well, at least his eyebrows had started to grow back. It would always prove to be a risk, though, agreeing to join one of Corals foursomes, and Virginia thought she would be safer with the devils she knew.
'Let me buy the two of you a drink,' she said, quickly coming to the decision that the company of Goomer and his boyfriend would be preferable to that of any who might come later.
'Short of a drinking partner, are you?' Goomer  unkindly asked. 
'My boyfriend is out with his wife tonight,' she boasted, ignoring the fresh burst of laughter which this brought from Coral.
'And my boyfriend is by my side. As long as you bear that in mind.'
Goomers hand clasped Deans, raising it to his lips to kiss it. Whether the gesture was intended to frighten her away or merely serve as a caution, Virginia could not say. Whatever the reason behind it, she paid for the drinks, buying her way into their company.
They sat down at Corals request, to save her more conservative customers the embarrassment of seeing two males so intimate.
'Dont you have any insults for me tonight, Virginia?' Dean asked.
He had noticed the others?
His smile, less stupid than any of his previous expressions, suggested that he must have. Something about him had altered, he seemed to be more aware, and he talked not of his weight -still quite plainly just a fraction over ten stones- and his diet but of going to college, of expanding his mind rather than reducing his weight. He seemed to age as he spoke of basic qualifications needed before he could begin to study seriously, psychology he hoped, not sociology which he had considered at one time, for he did not want to help people, merely to understand them. Understanding was what was lacking in the world, he believed; if people had understanding then they would not need help, they would be more together and in control.
Virginia was stunned and Goomer was smiling.
'What have you done to the boy?' she asked Goomer, but he did not answer.
It was Dean who again spoke up. 'We all have potential, if only we knew it. Thats why I want to know what makes people tick, move, do what they do. They have potential but they arent aware of it, and I want to know why.' He paused, then remembered Virginias question to Goomer. 'What has he done to me?' He smiled and Kissed Goomer on the cheek. 'Understood me, thats all. Thats all that is needed.'
'What I need is another drink,' said Virginia, dazed and thirsty.
'Let me get it,' said Dean, sliding out from behind the table and going to the bar.
'And what about you, Goomer,' said Virginia. 'Youre very quiet tonight. What have you got to say for yourself?'
He shrugged. 'We tend to take it in turns, Dean and I, him doing all the talking one day and me the next. No interruptions that way. Today Im resting.'
'But what have you done to him. Hes so... different.'
'It was just understanding, as he says. I recognised something in him that you overlooked, that night in the Phil.'
'What?'
'Youll recognise it when you meet it, Virginia. If you ever do meet it.'
He edged along the seat to make room for Dean and the affection he demonstrated in such simple things as taking a glass from him, or offering him a cigarette, was noticeably more sincere than all the teasing caresses Virginia had ever received. She studied Dean intently, but whatever it was he possessed, this special something which she had overlooked, still evaded her. All she could note was that he was becoming  more physically attractive, more charmingly natural. That, surely, had been one thing that Goomer had done for him, given him a basic instruction in how to be beautiful. Old songs of lost opportunities came back to Virginia, she remembered old friends who had grown more beautiful without her and wondered if what Goomer recognised in Dean was what she had always missed in those boyfriends she had cast aside, this potential.
'Are you listening, Virginia?'
Dean had been speaking to her.
'Sorry,' she said. 'What was that?'
'I said that Goomer thinks youre only motivated by drink and lust.'
'A gulping gullet and a grubby groin were the precise words I used,' said Goomer.
'Youre misjudging me, as always.'
'But theyre important to you?' asked Dean. 'Your groin and your gullet?'
'Not all-important. Theres something which takes precedence, Im sure, but I cant chase after that, whatever it is, if the other two are frustrated. I need peace of mind first before I can think about any deeper purpose.
'But then dont you become preoccupied with these baser things to the exclusion of the finer ones.'
'No.'
'Come off it, Virginia,' said Goomer. 'All your adult life has been spent getting pissed, playing with yourself or trying to play with someone else. Dont try to kid me that theres ever been anything more noble on your mind.'
'Shut up,' she told him. 'I thought you were giving your mouth a rest today.'
'Now shes reacting the way any guilty soul would,' Goomer smiled at Dean.
'Precisely the impression I get,' Dean agreed.
Stupid bastard. And he had been much more acceptable when he was stupid.

*
The weekend itched, it scratched and clawed at Virginias temper, the weekend being Sunday, her day of rest when everywhere was shut and the pubs were restricted to ridiculous hours. Despite having been drunk the previous night she was awake early to see Sunday rise in all its glory from behind the cathedral. She stared at the ceiling, watched it become brighter, nothing to do but wish she could sleep again. And it was not even conscience which kept her awake, for the night before had offered no simple sinful pleasures to make her feel guilty. She had shared drinks with Goomer and Dean, staying with them for as long as she could suffer their comments and opinions, most of which were critical of her. Curiosity helped her bear their jibes, curiosity over the change in Dean, how it had been contrived, and a fascination with his constantly unfolding beauty, so much of a surprise and so unexpected when she remembered back to their first encounter.
The obvious affection between the two men had been too much for her to take, however, a persistent reminder that neither of them were for her, and eventually the sight of them flirting openly before her became a teasing thing, the drone of the adverse opinions an annoyance. She had moved on, then, alone, calling at various places on her meandering way home, sometimes looking at boys and young men and sometimes longing after their touch but always gulping down the drinks to deaden the senses and chase away the greedy cravings. If drink could be said to be a sinful pleasure, then it was the only one of the night, but she would argue that for once it had been no pleasure at all; she had been drinking merely to sleep, she had  partaken of nothing of which she could feel guilty.
Josh? He was still sleeping in his wifes arms, no doubt, so there was no guilt on that count. It was just Sunday keeping her awake. Sunday, bloody Sunday. The film was recalled, and with it memories, a whole series of them which flicked before her eyes like filing cards with worn edges, but this is all they now were, memories. She blinked and erased them, wiped them from the tabula rasa of the ceiling she was staring at; the sounds they made came jangling long after, though, echoing about the Sunday morning silence of her room.
Sunday morning silence? The bloody bells were starting now, clanging out a cacophony. Next would come the Boys Brigade or the British Legion or whoevers turn it was to process about the streets that weekend. There was always someone, every Sunday, prancing and posturing, and she leapt from her bed before the buglers could pucker up or anyone could rattle a tambourine, threw on some clothes, unfurled the rope ladder and slipped out of the window.
After beating her way through the garden and yanking back the rusted bolt on the gate Virginia went to the corner of the street, to a point where she had a clear view down to the Pier Head. Squinting at the Liver Building clock she guessed that it was five minutes past eleven. She hoped that it was five minutes past eleven; at least this would give her only fifty five minutes to wait until opening time. She walked down Mount Street, past the Institute -Charles Dickens gave readings here- and towards the deserted city centre. The Liver Building slipped from view as she made her way along the city streets, wondering why they always had to be laid out at right angles, wishing there were a few acute or obtuse junctions to break up the monotony but left only with the feeling that she was an ant creeping across a Mondrian painting -Liverpool Boogie Woogie- imprisoned by the rigid geometry. When the two tethered Liver birds came momentarily into view she saw that her eyesight had not failed her; it was now eleven thirty. She made an about-turn, regimented by the landscape and programmed by her impulses, and returned the way she had come, left, right, left, right, regulating her pace to ensure that her arrival at her destination coincided with the big hand and the little hand meeting at opening time.
Standing on the corner of Egerton Street and Catherine Street she smiled, knowing that behind her, by the river beneath the birds, the two hands of the clock were about to merge into one. A dozen brisk steps to her left took her to the door of the Grapes just as it was being unlocked.
Stepping inside, into the brown leather rooms, her pleasure at being the first customer of the day was quickly dispelled; her name was called out, appended by a familiar darling.
Gerald. He was seated in a comfortable manner, wearing his customary voluminous Hawaiian shirt; this morning, though, the swathes of fabric were at rest, not billowing about him in a flurry of activity, as he slouched over a plate of scrambled eggs.
'What are you doing here?' Virginia asked.
'Having breakfast, dear. Its the only place on Sunday mornings.'
'But so early?'
'We have an arrangement, the landlord and I.'
At that moment the landlord came from behind the bar, dressed in a white boiler suit which was so spotless that it made a lie of any suggestion that he might have been working. He asked Gerald if Virginia was with him.
'With me? Yes, I suppose she is now that shes here. Give her a drink.'
'Only she caused a bit of bother last night,' the landlord continued, eyeing Virginia suspiciously.
'I did?'
'She did?' said Gerald, and then chuckled. 'Yes, I imagine she might have done. If she did, youve got to excuse her. Shes an artist.'
This was obviously excuse enough for the man in the white boiler suit; he asked Virginia what she would like, went to the bar and returned with the required pint.
'Thanks,' said Virginia, and then, taking advantage of the sudden friendliness, she asked what she had done to cause bother. She could not even recall having been in the pub.
'Forget it, I have,' said the landlord with a wave of the hand, and went away to serve customers who were beginning to queue at the bar, leaving her to her confusion.
'A sweet man,' Gerald said, pushing away his empty plate. He asked Virginia if she would like some breakfast, but before she could accept the offer -if that is what it was- more people came into the bar, extracting darling hellos from him. Each greeting meant another body pinning Virginia to her seat, hemming her in, and to each one she was introduced as Virginia, an artist friend. She was flattered at first, as always, but soon became suspicious of the status afforded her and wary of the ease with which Gerald tossed it about, along with his dear greetings. She would have left, found some place else to drink; the only thing that kept her in her place, like a moth pinned in a display case, was the fact that so many outstretched  legs had her caged and there were so many drinks placed before her.
They were generous people, Geralds friends, and the glasses on the table multiplied; for each one she emptied it seemed that another two full ones arrived, and she tried to down them as quickly as she could, to reduce their number to a respectable level so that she could leave. There were three full pints left, then just two. Soon everything would be alright, she would be able to depart without embarrassment, having supped up and shown to be a boozer rather than the artist Gerald made her out to be.
She would finish one more and then she would go, she decided, choking down the last two thirds of a pint and chewing the dregs between her teeth. It was difficult, a struggle, but the glass was emptied and she got to her feet.
'Youre going?' Gerald asked.
'Im-'
Drunk again, and tired, and need to get away from your obnoxious friends.
'Youre going?' Gerald repeated. 'Now that youve drunk your free drinks and everyone else has left me youre going?'
She looked around. Geralds friends had gone without her noticing, they seemed to have dematerialised, their legs were no longer fencing her in and their chatter no longer making her wince.
'Im-' she tried again.
'Fucking off!' said Gerald in disgust, as Virginia fell back against the quilted brown leather, probably only some cheap synthetic substitute but feeling so comfortable. 'Fucking off! Youve taken my drinks and now youre fucking off to your Sunday afternoon mass! Fucking hypocrite! Fucking Catholic!
Hypocrite? Virginia could take that. Catholic? Never!
'My conversion was a painful one,' she told Gerald. 'Very painful, with the Sisters of Notre Dame beating the faith out of me. Christians?' She scoffed at the word, for the Sisters had been anything but Christian. 'Theyd hit you with whatever came to hand, beat the shit out of you.'
The memories came back. Sister Marie Gleeson drawing blood from the palm of one shy twelve year old just because she could not remember that amatis came after amamus; Sister Bernadette Mulligan asking how an alkali could be identified and thrashing the girl who said suck it and see; Virginia herself being battered by a sadist named OToole when she accidentally bounced a hockey ball off the greenhouse -no one believed that it had been a miraculous stroke of the stick- and through the stained glass window of the chapel.
Catholic? Virginia? No longer. After that last transgression she had been branded a heretic at sixteen, bruised and pronounced a pagan.
'It sounds like a grand place,' said Gerald. 'Boarding, was it?'
'Boarded, more like, where the local kids had put out the windows. It was bus ride from home, thats all, and anyone who failed their eleven plus hated the place. So did we, even though wed passed. So did the headmistress, because shed been sent there rather than to one of their older places. Too new, see, no tradition. She saw herself as a missionary and she didnt like the idea, treated us worse than dark savages. No, there was nothing going for the place, not from anyones point of view. So call me a hypocrite if you like, but never a Catholic.'
Gerald apologised. 'Sorry, Virginia, I didnt mean to offend you. Let me make amends and cook you Sunday dinner.'
'Sounds nice,' she said, for the drink had given her an appetite.
They got to their feet, clumsily because they were both drunk, and shuffled from the bar. Gerald only lived two streets away, midway between the Grapes and Virginias flat, in a place much like hers but rather more comfortable. His flat had furniture, for one thing, and Virginia sank back contentedly into a rocking swivelling armchair, then immediately felt sick. She struggled to her feet again, noting that each time she did so it became a little more difficult. She went to the bathroom.
'Yes, have a bath if you like,' Gerald called through from the kitchen. 'Dinner wont be ready for a while yet.'
Good idea, Virginia thought. She stripped off her clothes, lay in the bath and turned on the taps.

Chapter Ten

Even feathery grey clouds edged with the weakest of whites were too painful to consider, laughing and luminous, skipping across the sky like mischievous children banging doors. They were too much for Virginia so she kept her tired eyes fixed on the ground, on the cracks in the uneven pavement which seemed to be guiding her along. She had no need to look around for landmarks, or search for a taxi; she thought she knew where she was going.
She had come to on a settee again, hungover, a little short on the details of what had happened. Gerald, dressed in the flowered black kimono he used for a dressing gown, had 'tut-tutted' and offered her a fried breakfast, then 'tut-tutted' again when she had run to the bathroom to throw up. When this was done all she could accept from him was toast and coffee.
She had to get a grip of herself, she knew; once she was over this present minor relapse she really had to start taking better care of herself.
The cracks at her feet led her along, though one gritty black furrow looked much like another they did not deceive her but took her faithfully back to the worn steps she recognised. She would forego the rope ladder for once, the thorns around its base would be as vengeful as the sky was mocking. She took out her key, inserted it into the lock at the third attempt and pushed her way into the hall.
'If that's you then you've got it coming!' a voice cried, as she climbed the stairs between the second and the third floors.
'Shut your face!' she shouted back, and walked along the corridor to her room. Someone had drawn a moustache and glasses on Thomas Aquinas in her absence, the sight of which caused her to spin around and scream, 'You fucking Philistine!'
'What's all the noise about?' Goomer asked, coming to his door. 'What are you screaming about now?'
'Look!' she said, pointing to the defaced picture.
'Someone's scribbled on it. So? I don't know why you've got the guy pinned up there in the first place.'
'He's a reminder to me that even philosophers can become saints,' Virginia said, wetting a finger and smearing the whiskers across the face of the holy man.
'Silly cow.' Goomer went back into his flat, then reappeared almost immediately. 'Oh, I forgot, there was someone looking for you yesterday evening.'
'Who?'
'Dunno.'
'What did he look like, then?'
'Dunno that, either.'
'Explain yourself, Goomer.'
Goomer yawned and stretched, rubbed the sleep from his eyes. 'I didn't open the door. He was just a voice on the other side, didn't say what he wanted, just asked where you were. I said I didn't know.'
'I suppose you were in bed, copulating with your friend Dean.'
'I don't think men can copulate with each other, Virginia.'
'No, I don't suppose they can,' she said, walking back down the stairs. She could not think why she had gone to her room in the first place, there was precious little left there to interest her. On the way down she banged on the door where she guessed today's protagonist lived, then hurried outdoors. The voices which assailed her, on her way into and out of the house, were sometimes male and sometimes female, sometimes old and sometimes not so old, and she did not want to risk tangling with anyone younger than an octogenarian spinster. Give her someone on crutches and she might cope, but confronted by an agile arthritic she might have to fight dirty.
On the street she passed by brawling young boys on their way to school. Was it still only that early? There was no watch on her wrist but she could feel the hairs there itching their way into the five minutes to nine position. What a time to be up and about! She might as well have been a schoolteacher for all the rest that she got!
She turned left, skirted all the way around the cathedral to avoid the brats on their way to school, approached town through the Chinese district. Burnt brown birds, ducks or geese or whatever, hung in the windows of restaurants she passed, and she had to avert her gaze to hold onto any contents there might be in her stomach. Ahead a horde of jabbering Chinamen tumbled out of one doorway, delirious after a night of booze and Mah Jong, and she just had to doff the cap she never wore in admiration of their stamina; they were only little buggers but they certainly knew how to keep going.
Her route took her onto Seel Street and as she passed the 'Marlborough' she saw Peter, collecting the morning delivery of milk from the step.
'There was someone looking for you last night,' Peter told her.
'Who?'
'No idea.'
'Don't tell me, he was just a disembodied voice on the other side of the door.'
'Huh?'
'It doesn't matter,' said Virginia, and Peter went indoors with the milk.
Virginia went to the newsagents next door, bought a newspaper and a packet of Polo mints.
Very well, she thought, as she sucked on a mint; someone was looking for her. That probably meant debts, and she racked her mind to think who it might be. She still owed Coral money, certainly, but Coral would sit tight and wait, she would not send people knocking at the flat. Who else, then? The bank manager? No, of course not.
Too much thought brought on a pain in the head, a knot behind the eyes which reminded her of her hangover. She shrugged, as best she could with the dull throb which hurt her brain, and spat out the mint. Let the problem sort itself out, she decided; she had her health to worry about and that was enough. A cup of coffee in the Bluecoat Gallery started to settle her stomach, a subsequent glass of cold milk attacked the sickness and soaked up the poisons, rose back up the throat to swill out the tubes and then reluctantly subsided. She burped as she left the bistro and the fresh air shivered at the stench which left her mouth. She was winning the battle. Another hour and opening time would coincide with a revitalised constitution. This time she spent in walking to the Pier Head, in challenging the heavy swell of the river to make her nauseous. She laughed in triumph when the contents of her stomach failed to rise above chest height, and laughed again, more loudly, when she spat out another Polo mint -marvellous things, Polo mints, bursting like mortar shells when they struck the pavement- and saw it hit a seagull on its dirty orange beak. An old woman who had no more imagination than to throw stale bread at the creatures looked away nervously. Virginia smiled her 'you've-got-nothing-to-worry-about-from-me' smile and turned inland, away from the river. The sickness of the early morning was creeping away in defeat.
In the 'Corkscrew' Virginia was not surprised when Coral told her that someone had been looking for her, though perhaps a little disappointed to have it confirmed that this person was not Coral herself. After all, better the devil you know.
'Mind you, I'm not surprised there are people after you,' said Coral, the corners of her mouth signalling all kinds of smiles and smirks.
'What do you mean by that?'
'Oh, nothing,' she said. Then, strangely, she asked, 'How's Josh?'
'Don't you know? He works for you, after all.'
Coral shrugged, sniggered like a young girl and walked the length of the bar, wiping away imaginary stains. Virginia knew what was wrong, it was that Coral begrudged her her success with Josh. He was beautiful, after all, there was no denying it, and poor Coral was just too bitter. Or perhaps it was that Coral had never actually noticed her barman's beauty until she imagined him with Virginia, in her mind's eye seen the two of them sitting side by side and hand in hand exchanging kisses. She was probably thinking that she would have to find someone else to make up her tatty foursomes, would have to find someone else to suffer the lisping undersized circus creatures who were her excuses for men.
She came back down the bar, laughed for no obvious reason, then went off again to serve a customer; she repeated the same pattern bravely, choking back her bitterness with the thick false laughter.
Like a heroine, Virginia thought.
'You don't mind me being involved with Josh, do you?' she asked, when the lunchtime rush slackened off and they had time to talk.
'Why should I?' said Coral, with a surprised smile.
'Well, he does work for you.'
'So?'
'So he's been behind that bar with you, five nights a week for God knows how long. Aren't you kicking yourself, now, for not trying anything on with him? Aren't you just a little bit envious, seeing me come along and sweep him off his feet?'
The question was a serious one, with no hint of conceit, but al it brought from Coral was a further stream of laughter, the breezy buffeting kind which seemed to have stricken her so badly of late. Virginia could not understand it, it seemed more hysterical than heroic.
'Kicking myself? Me? Oh no, not me!' Coral sniffed back her tears, scrubbed her fingers across her face and squeezed the stubby knuckles into her eyes. 'Oh Virginia, you really are precious!'
As much an object of ridicule as she felt, her every word scoffed at, Virginia did not refuse the offer. She waited while Coral, still chuckling, checked the till, nodded with approval as she saw twenty pounds pocketed for immediate expenses, then went with her through the busy streets where shoppers hurried about, clutching purses as though they had not the slightest intention of opening them.
'Aren't people tragic?' Coral said, her derision now switching from Virginia to the passing throng. 'Look at them and you can see they think they're so smart, but really they're all such easy touches, so stupid and gullible.'
Virginia hurried along at her side, occasionally stepping behind to let the larger woman's bulk cut a path through the more thickly crowded parts of town. Abreast or astern, she noticed an urgency of the people around her, the wise concentration in their eyes.
'They seem to know what they're about,' she thought.
'Don't you believe it. Not one of them, is as clever as they pretend. These fools and their money will soon be parted, you can get any amount out of them.'
'When you see them, when they're drinking, perhaps,' said Virginia, thinking just how perfectly the description suited Coral herself, who leant money so freely.
'You're just in one of your intolerant moods,' she suggested.
Coral stopped sharply in the middle of Church Street and the crowds made confused eddies around her. 'You don't believe me?' she said. 'You don't believe that people can be made to cough up anything?'
'No, quite frankly I don't,' said Virginia.
'Right.' Coral held out a hand. 'Give me a fiver and I'll show you.'
'You're on,' said Virginia, rising to the challenge. She fumbled in her breast pocket and produced a five pound note. 'There you are.'
'No, there you are,' said Coral, folding the money and tucking it into her purse. 'I've proved my point and that's five pounds off what you owe me.'
'But that was me!' Virginia protested. 'You conned me!'
'Just as I warned you I would,' Coral smiled.

*
Virginia was found, it was inevitable, that anonymous disembodied voice which others had described called out to her from the other side of the door at an unearthly hour, accompanied by a heavy salvo of knocks.
The voice was unfamiliar. It was also officious  and she wondered if it might be a bailiff, as she wearily vacated her bed. But what if it was? There was nothing in the flat worth repossessing.
'Coming!' she answered, opened the door and came face to face with a uniformed policeman. She was not yet awake enough to recall what she might be guilty of, and all she could do was blink as the policeman stepped uninvited into the room.
'Sorry to wake you so early, Miss, only you're a difficult person to catch.'
Catch? As criminals are caught?
'Yes, well I do get about quite a bit,' said Virginia. Then she nervously added, 'I'm not a v-v-vagrant, though.'
'A w-w-wanderer?' the policeman smiled. 'Del Shannon, was it? Or Dion?' he tried to remember, and sang a snatch of the song.
The policeman was old enough to remember the lyrics and jovial enough to attempt the song. His broad smile and easy manner unnerved Virginia, who suspected that she might still be dreaming. She pinched herself, then cried out with pain.
'Ow!'
'Yes?' said the policeman.
'How can I help you?'
The policeman searched through the pockets of his uniform, during which time Virginia, remembering that she wore only a short nightie, was able to pull a bathrobe around her.
'Ah, here we are,' said the policeman, producing an envelope. 'I called to give you this.' He handed over the envelope, explained, 'We don't like posting to this neighbourhood, prefer to deliver things by hand. Mail keeps going missing, or so residents claim.'
Virginia examined the envelope, front and back.
'It's a summons, a motoring offence, I believe,' the policeman went on, still smiling, still friendly; he might have been doing Virginia a favour by delivering it.
He waited, but Virginia did not open the envelope, simply said, 'Thanks.'
'That's okay, no trouble.' The policeman looked around the room, saw the photographs and drawings of Josh taped to the wall above the bed and took a stride towards them. 'Very nice, very nice indeed,' he said. 'You're an artist, are you?'
'I am.'
'And would this be your bloke?'
'He is,' said Virginia proudly.
'Mm, a good looking chap,' the policeman responded, as suspiciously as if he was regarding incriminating evidence. 'Anyway, must be off,' he said, turning and offering a joke of a salute as he walked to the door, the raised finger seeming so sarcastic, under the circumstances, that Virginia shook two of her own at the retreating back.
She closed the door after him and sat on the edge of the bed.
'Summons' sounded like a singular thing, but when she ripped open the envelope sheets of material came unfolding out. She had enough there for a full morning's reading and the room was cold, so she decided that she would look through the pages outdoors, in the hope that the sunshine might make the contents a little more cheerful. Through the opened window she took deep breaths of fresh air to steady herself, then clambered down the rope ladder and fought her way through the overgrown garden.
The sky was clear, the river sparkled in the distance and she decided that she would wait until she saw the first good looking man of the day before she looked at the summons again. It seemed that handsome men were in unusually short supply that morning, she was at the top of Bold Street, on the edge of the city centre, before she encountered a creature of any charm at all and was able to look once more at her summons. Walking leisurely, jarring people, she unfolded the sheets of paper and read of her crimes, was reminded that on the 'blah-blah' day of the 'blah-blah' month, in the 'blah-blah' district of the city, she had been apprehended on suspicion of 'such-and-such'.
And of 'such-and-such' and 'such-and-such'.
The accusations ran like a song, the stilted constabulary lyrics a mesmerising rhyme which was repeated almost exactly on each page. The only variations were those inserted into the appropriate spaces on the typewritten sheets, accounts of each separate transgression, and the cumulative effect was to make her feel giddy, forcing her to break into a skipping dance as she sang each sheet to herself. It might have been a letter of commendation that she held, rather than a condemnation of her behaviour, and to add a final touch of poignancy to the song cycle she noticed that the last of her supposed offences had taken place on Penny Lane.
Oh, those blue suburban skies! Such poetry!
'Virginia!'
The soles of her shoes slapped noisily on the pavement as she came to a halt. She was halfway down Bold Street, outside Gerald's art shop, and he was standing in front of her, barring her way and looking concerned.
Virginia smiled when she recognised him, said, 'Good morning, Gerald.'
'What's wrong with you?' he asked. 'You're not drunk before breakfast again, are you?'
'No, I'm not. I've been summonsed,' she said, staggering a little as she shook her head but recovering herself to tell him that on the 'blah-blah'  day of the 'blah-blah' month, in the 'blah-blah' district of the city she was accused of 'such-and-such'.'
Gerald pulled her roughly into the shop. 'What is all this 'blah-blah, blah-blah' nonsense?' he demanded.
'It's just like a song when you read it,' she said. 'Here, you try.'
Gerald took the summons from her and led her through the shop, down to the basement and into the low-ceilinged workshop. There he forced a cup of coffee on her, then glanced through the accusations which the police had levelled.
They were all unjustified, Virginia insisted, every single one of them.
'Drunken driving-' Gerald began.
'I failed a poxy breath test, that's all.'
'-driving with undue care and attention-'
'That's a lie.'
'-with no current driving licence-'
'I've misplaced it.'
'-and going through lights on red.'
'That red is a pigment of their imagination,' Virginia joked cleverly.
Gerald handed back the summons. 'They'll crucify you.'
'Mind you, I'm not sure if they have any imagination.'
'Virginia!' Gerald snapped, his working day always too busy for him to exercise much imagination. 'This lot is going to cost you a fortune!'
Virginia shrugged. 'I'll start a counter-action against the police. I'll sue them, take them to the cleaners. After all, what price can you put on the night of unbridled ecstasy they deprived me of?'
'A night of ecstasy with who?'
'Keith,' Virginia said, when she was able to remember his name; glad that she was able to remember,  she repeated the name. 'Keith.'
'That person?'
'Yes, and what a person. If only I could find him again. I don't even know where he lives, though. What can I do?'
As Virginia sighed, Gerald huffed and swept from the basement, too disgusted with her to beg her leave. She tried to follow but found the stairs too steep, prompting her to wonder if she might indeed have been drinking before breakfast. Tripping back down the two steps she had managed to climb she spent the rest of the morning drinking Gerald's coffee and appreciating his etchings and Russell Flint prints.
The Russell Flints weren't bad at a second glance, quite nice in fact. She also noticed that they were rather pricey.

*
'Someone's looking for you.'
Virginia gave a weary sigh. 'I know. You told me and I've seen him. It was a policeman.'
'No it wasn't,' said Goomer.
'Dark uniform? Shiny buttons?'
'I know what a policeman looks like, thank you. And he wasn't a plain clothes man, either. Not even Clouseau could come up with a disguise like his.'
'Who was he, then?' asked Virginia.
'I don't know, even though I saw him this time.' Goomer described the visitor. 'He was in his mid fifties I'd guess, dressed in a loud check suit that George Melly might wear, spoke in a soft voice. The sort of bloke I'd imagine Gerald married to, if Gerald  was a woman.'
Virginia was confused, in the dim light of the hallway she could not tell if Goomer was being truthful or not.
'I need to think,' she said. 'Can I come in for coffee?'
'No,' Goomer replied.
'Why not?'
'Dean's here.'
'So?'
'So you're always being nasty to him.'
'I promise not to be,' she said. 'Please, Goomer. I've nothing to make a drink with in my place. I've sold the cooker and the electric kettle.'
'The cooker wasn't yours to sell.'
'I know. Still... please?'
Goomer turned, went into his room, left the door open for her to follow.
'It's Virginia,' he warned Dean.
Dean was squatting on the mattress, reading; he wore a baggy tee shirt which just about covered his underpants.
'Hello Virginia,' he greeted her cheerily. 'How's things?'
'Miserable. Confusing.'
'Ignore her,' said Goomer, boiling the kettle and spooning coffee into mugs, wearing his most disapproving expression. 'She's just feeling sorry for herself.'
'Haven't I got reason to?' she sulked.
'You've only yourself to blame.'
She turned to Dean, who gave her a sympathetic smile, told him that someone was looking for her.
'I know.'
'And it isn't a policeman.'
'No.'
'I hate it. I feel like a fugitive, like everyone is against me.'
'If you were nicer to people,' said Goomer, handing her a hot mug which scalded her fingers. 'If you weren't so self-centred and selfish, then people might love you a bit more.'
'It's not love I'm after,' she said.
'No.' Goomer sat on the mattress with Dean. 'Perhaps if that was all you asked of people then you might be a little luckier.'
From Dean, each time she looked at him, she sensed an unspoken sympathy, but from Goomer she received only insult and criticism. And each time she looked at Dean she felt Goomer shooting daggers at her, as if it was his boyfriend's tempting thighs which drew her gaze, rather than his subdued compassion. When her coffee was finished, and realising that she would come no closer to learning who was looking for her, Virginia rose to leave.
Dean bade her 'goodbye' as cheerily as he had greeted her, but from Goomer she got only an undisguised 'good riddance'.
On the street she regarded everyone with suspicion, even those pious people walking to the cathedral for a midday service, and the cultured crowds who were making for a lunchtime concert in the Bluecoat Chambers. Worried by the looks which she suspected were directed at her, she joined the flow of the latter, went with them into the walled courtyard of the arts centre and found a place on a bench which faced the sun.
Two young men with classical guitars clutched to their chests like suckling infants began to strum and tune, then broke into music as the crowd hushed. To Virginia, suffering a manic confusion, the tunes they produced were too melodic and precise. How could there be anything melodic in a world where each morning jangled with cacophony? How could anything be precisely ordered in a world where confusion was heaped upon confusion?
Even before the first break for polite applause she was on her feet and looking for a way out. As she stood her foot caught a discarded beer can -it wasn't hers, she hadn't put it there she wanted to tell the crowd around her- and sent it clattering across the paved yard. Hostile glances followed her as she went to the door to the gallery. She found her way blocked by a standing crowd, turned and passed before the musicians to leave by way of the studios and craft centre. She wanted to leave with a curse for the people who glowered, but she was too sober. Her exit took her to the alley at the rear, away from the city centre, pointing the way to the 'Marlborough'.
It seemed like a good idea to go there, but proved not to be.
'Someone's looking for you,' Peter told her as soon as she entered the bar.
Virginia groaned. 'I know. A soft spoken bloke in a loud check suit.'
'No.'
'A policeman, then?' Surely it had to be the policeman she had already seen. 'Dark uniform? Shiny buttons?'
'Wrong again,' said Peter, with that smile he usually reserved for a victory at backgammon.
'For Christ's sake, Peter, give me a drink before you tell me anymore.'
Virginia's hands were shaking as she paid her money and took her drink, her throat was so constricted that she could barely swallow a drop of beer. A policeman had been looking for her, and had found her... fine. An older gent of the type that Gerald might marry if Gerald was a woman was also in pursuit... a little confusing. But a third person added to the hunt... that was downright worrying.
'Someone's looking for me, then,' she said, when she had choked down half a pint of beer. 'Who?'
'I don't know,' said Peter.
'But you saw him?'
'Her.'
'Her?'
'Yes. Her. She came in about this time yesterday.'
Virginia looked at the clock over the bar; it was a few minutes before one.
'Then describe her, quick,' she said. She wanted to know what the person looked like, and then be away in case this person should call again at the same time today.
'Youngish, a fit looking piece. Sort of sporty, athletic, shortish blonde hair, you know how I mean, short enough to be manageable when she has a shower after squash.'
There was no one of the description Peter gave to be seen prowling the side streets and back alleys which Virginia took from the 'Marlborough', nor anyone of that description to be seen in the 'Corkscrew' when Coral told her, with a delighted smile, that there was someone looking for her.
'Youngish, fit looking woman, sort of sporty,' Virginia said, repeating the description Peter had given her.
'No.'
Virginia thumped the bar so hard that she felt her knuckles crunch against each other, wailed loudly enough to startle the diners at the far end of the room.
He was a policeman, then? Or a George Melly lookalike?
'No,' Coral grinned.
'What did he look like, then?' Virginia begged.
'He?'
'It was a woman?'
'Both. One of each.'
'Please, Coral, stop the torment and tell me! Put me out of my misery!'
'A merciful death, is that what you want? Yes, you might prefer that, because one of them, the male of the species, is Gerald. He reckons you've stolen a print from his shop.'
'Me?'
'No use trying to deny it, Virginia. Gerald's got a photographic memory, his mind is like a catalogue and he knows there's a print missing.'
Right, Gerald was after her. There was one devil that she knew. And the other? A Mafia hit-man? A member of the Spanish Inquisition? Simon Wiesenthal?
'It's your landlady,' Coral told her.
'Her?' said Virginia. 'How did she know to find me here?'
'Gerald told her. That's how spiteful he is. He was looking for you at your flat, found the landlady aggrieved about what you've done to her property and shopped you.'
Virginia sobbed, she wanted a shoulder to cry on and looked around the bar, asked, 'Where's Josh today?'
Josh would comfort her, in his company she would forget her confusion.
'He's finished,' said Coral.
'Finished? But he was only due to start a half hour ago.'
'I mean finished as in finished, stopped work, taken early retirement.'
'But why?'
It seemed that Coral was considering an answer, she 'ho-hummed' and scratched her head, but then customers began to demand her services and she was distracted.
Inadvisedly Virginia wandered off, not waiting for an explanation._

Chapter Eleven

When Virginia left the wine-bar she went to the post office, to the row of telephones there to call Josh. It would be safe to do so, the wife he was so unhappy with would be at work. There was no answer. She tried again an hour later, and at frequent intervals throughout the afternoon, but each time without any luck.
Where was he, if not at work and not at home?
Virginia made her last call at a few minutes to five, again in vain. It would be risky to try again, if she did find Josh at home after five there was also the danger that his wife might be there. There was nothing to do, then, but return to the Corkscrew and demand an explanation from Coral.
She was mumbling and cursing, asking why life had to be so riddled with problems, her head sunk on her chest as she trudged down the steps into the bar.
'Youd better run, Virginia!' Coral cried out.
Virginia looked up as she stepped from the last stair.
'RUN, I SAID!'
There was a blur of a figure hurrying from the far end of the room, a sweeping arm sent glasses crashing angrily from the bar and Virginia turned to leap back up the stairs. At the top she pulled the door shut behind her to give her precious seconds to effect an escape.
From who?
Sod the whys and wherefores! Virginia sensed a life -hers!- in danger, there was the sharp metallic taste of panic in her mouth, and she sprinted across the road without regard for the traffic. She dashed down the first alley, Matthew Street, where the sculpture of FOUR LADS WHO SHOOK THE WORLD looked down impassively at her, switched directions once more, then again, sprinting along Stanley Street where the sculpture of Eleanor Rigby sat looking lost and forlorn.
Jesus! Bloody Beatles everywhere! And how could a person feel lonely when there was someone chasing behind with murder in mind? Easy, perhaps, if that fugitive felt that there was not a soul in the world to protect her!
Virginia thought of doubling back to the Corkscrew and hiding behind Coral, whose bulk might offer some protection, but she had zig-zagged in the panic of her flight that she was disorientated, uncertain of the safest way back. Her heart pounded, her body poured with sweat and she was gasping for breath. Now, just moving at a trot, she saw a public house ahead, noisy and crowded. She needed to rest, she needed the security of a throng milling about her, so she entered.
'Cold lager,' she said, limping to the bar.
'Hello again,' said the barman, as he poured the drink.
Virginia looked at him, looked at her surroundings; both were unfamiliar but she returned the greeting, said, 'Hello.'
'You dont remember me? The pool cue?'
Pool cue? What was the idiot talking about? She took her drink from him and sat down on the far side of the room, gulping at the lager to stop her heart racing.
Who the hell had that been in the Corkscrew? Who was owed so much money that they would chase after her intent on murder?
From her corner of the room Virginia regarded everyone with suspicion. It was an unwarranted caution, her pursuer could not have caught up with her so quickly nor found her so easily, but still she searched every face for some glint of recognition, some hint of menace. And each time her sweeping gaze reached the bar the only acknowledging look came from the barman.
Surely he was not the one who had chased her from the Corkscrew? No, it was impossible, he had probably been on duty behind the bar for the past hour or two. In any case, the brief glimpse she had got of her pursuer had suggested lighter hair, a slimmer build.
Made thirsty by her exertions and her panic, she drained her glass. Still too rattled to venture out onto the street, she went back to the bar for a refill.
'Lager again?'
'Please.'
The barmans head was bowed over the glass as he filled it, but his smiling eyes peered up at her. 'How did the dirty photos go?' he asked.
That was when they had met before; she had called in this same pub on her way to take the photographs for the jeweller.
Virginia laughed as she recognised him, said, 'They werent dirty photos.'
'You sound disappointed,' the barman remarked, passing across her drink. He waved away her offer of payment, said, 'Its alright, Im on my own tonight, acting boss.'
And he, for his part, sounded somewhat disappointed to be on hi sown. Rather than return to her seat across the room, Virginia pulled up a stool and sat at the bar; the barman was less busy than before, the bar was not as crowded as when Virginia had entered and they were able to strike up a conversation.
'Youre a photographer, then?' said the barman, and Virginia did not deny it. 'It must be exciting, glamorous.'
'Yes, I do glamour studies from time to time,' she said, stressing the word as though it was a euphemism for something more sordid. She leaned forward, inclined her head, said, 'Yes, indeed.'
'Yes indeed, what?' the barman asked, with a knowing smirk.
Now lets not get too unsubtle about this, Virginia cautioned herself.
'I bet youve had many a snapshot taken of you,' she said. 'A muscular brute like you.'
'Oh, Ive had snaps taken,' he said, swelling his chest, making the broad vee of hair expand as his shirt stretched. 'Never anything that youd call glamorous, though.'
Virginia smiled to hear the word given its now customary emphasis.
'No?' she said, and then, 'No, I suppose not.'
'And just what do you mean by that?' he demanded.
'Well, it does take guts to strip off and bare all for the camera.'
'It wouldnt frighten me,' he boasted.
'It wouldnt?'
'No! It wouldnt!'
'Well, if you ever get it into your head to, you know-'
'Have another drink,' he invited.
Willingly. She had another couple, customers came and went and she began to feel at ease, her early evening fright forgotten.
At one point the barman -he introduced himself as Mark- leant forward with an exaggeratedly confidential  air and whispered, 'Dirty photographs, Ive nothing against them you know. Ill try anything once.'
His reek of aftershave almost made Virginia swoon.
He served a customer, quickly and sloppily, hurried back to her to add with a leer, 'In fact Ive tried almost everything once.'
Virginia leered back.
'Stay a while,' he said, now passing her a double whisky as he called last orders in a loud and commanding voice.
'You just try to stop me,' said Virginia.
Mark gave the remaining customers their last drinks of the night, urged them to drink up even as they were paying, then busied himself about the room, collecting their glasses.
'One more?' he offered Virginia, stacking empties at the bar while the more sluggish customers struggled to finish their drinks, returned to the tables, clearing them and wiping them, constantly casting quick glances back at the bar to make sure that she was still there.
'Now I think I deserve a drink,' he said, when he had ushered the last of the people from the premises, and Virginia produced money with a flourish, offering to pay. He refused, said, 'Theres no need for that. Im the boss tonight, remember.'
'If thats how you prefer it,' she said, feeling a shiver run down her spine.
Mark poured himself a large vodka and tonic, brought it around the bar and sat on a stool beside her. His trousers were tight, they stressed the bulge between his legs, and as his knee nudged hers it was assumed that they would leave together. When they finally did so, after he had locked up the pub and they had stepped out onto the street, he linked his arm through Virginias as if they were a happily married middle-aged couple. The street was empty and their steps echoed noisily in the night.
Hush, Virginia thought, though she was at a loss to remember why there should be any need for silence.
'Where do you live, Mark?' she asked.
'Not far, we dont need a taxi. Just the other side of Duke Street.'
Walking distance, as he said.
There were people leaving public houses, places where the staff had not been as eager to close as Mark; some headed home, or to their bus stops, while others were obviously keen to go on to clubs. The city centre was quite busy at that time of night.
There were the usual police vehicles parked at strategic points, at the foot of Bold Street, at the corner of Whitechapel, and others cruising around, Transit vans with a clutch of constables inside and police cars with just two officers. Virginia thought nothing of the sleek white Ford which cruised slowly past, then turned into a side street ahead and parked. She was happily chatting with Mark, clutching him to her and giving him the occasional squeeze, when the two uniformed policemen walked across the road towards them.
'Good evening, boys,' said Mark.
He obviously knew them, and they him; they greeted him by name, but wasted no more time on pleasantries.
'We want you,' said one of them to Virginia.
'Me?'
'Her? Why?' asked Mark. 'Whats she done?'
Virginia was caught first by one arm, then the other, and Mark surrendered his hold on her quite freely.
'Soliciting, ripping off punters,' said the policeman who gripped Virginia the tightest, strong fingers painfully digging into her flesh.
'Shes a tart?' said Mark. 'But shes such a looker.'
Flatterer.
'Shes a thief and a cheat and riddled with disease,' said the second policeman.
'And to think I might have taken her to bed with me.'
Might have? There was no doubt that he would have,, the dirty fornicator, that had been the only thing on his mind. It was immaterial now, though; for the moment the only thing that mattered to Virginia was the accusation.
'What do you mean, soliciting?' she asked.
'Come on.' She was tugged across the road. 'This isnt the sort you want to pick up, Mark. Youve just had a lucky escape, pal.'
Mark shook his head, was already walking briskly along the street and glancing around anxiously, worried that there might have been witnesses.
'But Ive done nothing!' Virginia shouted out to him, and to people passing by, but though some stopped to stare curiously after her no one bothered to intervene as she was bullied across the street and down the darkened alley.
The patrol car was parked some yards ahead, in a deserted car-park at the rear of a block of shops. As she was pulled protesting towards it she saw a figure climb out. If this was also a police officer there was no sign of a uniform.
'Here she is, Wilkie, weve got the bitch,' said one of Virginias escorts.
Wilkie? Did she know the name?
As they neared the car she made out the silhouette of a woman, not a man; youngish, blondish, sort of sporty and athletic. In the weak lights of the car-park she saw the woman as a blur of a shape dashing across an equally dimly lit wine bar.
'So we meet again, Virgin-ya!'
The disdainful use of the name was familiar, Virginia recalled the only other person who had ever addressed her with such loathing, the WPC in the back of the Transit van wanting to arrest her for something she had not done, the constable who had pulled her up for drunken driving and taken such delight in her predicament.
'Whats all this about?' Virginia asked, as she was backed into a corner by Wilkie and her two uniformed friends. 'Im no prostitute.'
'No? Then what do you call having sex with another womans husband?' asked one of the constables, pushing her roughly against the wall. He turned to Wilkie. 'Well just take a spin around the block. Okay? Well be five minutes.'
'Fine,' Wilkie nodded with a nasty smile.
'Here! Dont leave me with her!' Virginia panicked, as the two policemen got into their car.
They paid no heed, drove slowly away. Virginias view of the departing vehicle was blocked by the advancing form of Wilkie.
'You know my name, dont you, Virgin-ya?'
Virginia nodded. 'You stopped me for drunken driving.'
'You know my husbands name, too?'
Your-?'
Sex with another womans husband is an offence, punishable by the law, if that other woman is an officer of the law.
'My husband, Josh.' There was an interminable pause, while Wilkie let the reality of the situation sink in. 'I knew hed been having it off with someone, the cheating bastard,' she went on, in a frighteningly even tone. 'I didnt know it was you, though, until a mate delivered your summons and saw Joshs picture in your squalid little room.' She hit Virginia once, in the stomach, to take the wind from her. 'Pictures of my husband hanging over your fucking bed!

*
It was surely more than five minutes before the patrol car completed its circuit of the block. To Virginia it seemed like an age. In her pain and her panic she stupidly called out for the police, screamed for them to help her as she sank to the ground, her arms around her head to shield her from the blows. On the ground, however, she was even more vulnerable, feet came in to accompany the fists and she felt a lip split, a tooth chip. When she heard voices she thought there were angels murmuring over her; when the blows stopped there  was still no cessation of pain but rather a constant buzz of it, as if dentists drills were boring into every bone of her body.
'Okay, Wilkie, thats enough.'
'Yes,' Wilkie panted, exhilarated by her violence. 'Shes in court in two days time. She has to be fit for that.'
'You get off home, then. Well see her to the Royal, have her stitched up.'
'Right. Thanks, lads. Just see to it that shes stitched up slowly, eh?'
There were nasty chuckles, the sound of footsteps receding, and Virginia was bundled into the back of the patrol car.
'Dont bleed all over the seats,' she was told.
'And dont fuck a coppers husband next time.'
The two policeman then chatted between themselves, one saying, 'Its a nasty part of town to wander around late at night.'
'A mugging a minute some nights.'
'Or cruel buggers looking to kick the shit out of people just for the fun of it.'
'Right. Theres no way Id wander around Toxteth on my own at night.'
And there was no way Virginia had been near Toxteth that night. She lived there, for Gods sake, and felt safe there. But who would believe her if she said anything to the contrary?
There was no wailing of a siren, no screeching recklessly around corners and through lights, no rush to get her to the casualty department. Instead she had to suffer a leisurely ride around the city, giving her time in which to fully appreciate her pain. When they finally reached the hospital and she was escorted into casualty by the two policemen one of them had a quiet word with the staff on duty. Virginia could not hear what was said, but she could guess, she was made to wait and it was morning before she got away, a full bright morning which hurt her bruised eyes. She had a stitch or two in her lip, two more above her eye, and it was suggested that she might be wise to visit a dentist, there were a couple of teeth which needed attending to.
'Thanks, she said, sarcastically grateful. 'Thanks very much.
She walked through the university grounds, the shortest route from the hospital to her flat, and the campus was swarming with students going from lecture to lecture. Young students, mixed students, girls in skimpy blouses and men in tight tee shirts. There were looks cast in her direction but she could guess that none of them were the come hither looks that she usually hoped for; she had looked in no mirrors, she had no idea what her face looked like but she supposed that it must look frightful. She wondered where Mark might be, or Constance or Trev, and how they might react if they saw her now.
Josh?
Forget him!
She stopped at Ottys Cafe, just around the corner from home, thinking that some breakfast was the thing to strengthen her. Even here she was regarded suspiciously and all she could work her mouth around was a mug of sweet tea. The hot sugary liquid bit into  her gums where teeth had been loosened, nagging at the nerve ends, and the woman in the kitchen regarded her more warily than she ever regarded the seediest of her customers.
Pain! Everything was pain and bed was the only place to be!
Her bones ached as she got to her feet, her knuckles hurt as she spread her fingers on the table to heave herself upright. Limping like a rheumatic, squinting against the glare of the sun, she went outdoors and down the street to her flat. She had to fight with both hands to turn the key in the lock. The rope ladder was totally out of the question. The stairs were difficult enough, she had to take them one at a time, resting both feet on each step to stop her pummelled thighs from protesting. It took her minutes longer than usual to reach her floor and she turned down the hall just in time to see two black polythene rubbish bags being hurled out of her room.
Her landlady followed immediately after, snapped a padlock shut on each of the doors and then turned to see her.
'You!'
'What are you doing?' asked Virginia.
'Youre out! Evicted! Persona non grata!'
The smart arse quoting Latin when she was probably the most uneducated of all the landlords that Virginia had ever had. Her only talent was her numeracy, her ability to count the money which she made in rent every month.
'What do you mean?'
'I mean you need somewhere else to live. This is no longer your flat.'
'But-'
'But, nothing. Ive seen what youve done to the place. Count yourself lucky Im not suing you for the damage youve caused. I would do, only I guess you havent got a penny to your name. And where did you come by that rope ladder youve got slung out the window?'
'I-'
'Forget it, I dont want to know. You probably stole it so Ive thrown it away.'
Virginia worked her mouth slowly, like the punch-drunk boxer she must resemble, but it was too painful to form any words. What she needed was an oration, when it was all she could do to spit out a single syllable. Her landlady had the advantage.
'Your clothes are there,' she said, kicking the two polythene bags. 'Id have taken them in lieu of rent but I doubt even the Oxfam would want them.'
Virginia thought about the bags, about her bruised hands which had difficulty in gripping, and she nodded to her door, said, 'Do you think I could just leave them-?'
'Out! Go on! Piss off!'
Virginia went.
To look on the bright side she did not have to cover the costs of the repairs to the flat, nor pay the rent which was overdue. And that was the bright side? Christ! It just showed how bleak and dismal her life had become!
She struggled downstairs with the two bags. They were not heavy, they held nothing more than a few clothes, but they were still an encumbrance she could do without. Lime Street station was the place to leave them, she decided, and she caught a bus into the city; it was only two stops, a twenty five pence ride, but in her condition she did not feel up to walking.
There were no lockers at the station, the place was being modernised and there seemed to be no room for the old fashioned lockers where you slipped in a coin and pulled out the key. Too easy a target for terrorists, lockers, a BR man told her, a place to stash bombs, though why anyone should want to blow up Lime Street station escaped her. There was only the left luggage office, she was told, and she toted her bags, her worldly possessions, over there.
'Lets see what youve got inside,' said the man on duty.
'Do you have to?' Virginia asked.
'Usually we only take suitcases and trunks.'
'Do I look like the sort whod have Louis Vuitton luggage? I only want to leave this stuff here until tonight, tomorrow at the latest.'
'They could be bombs for all I know. Open up and lets see.'
Paranoia rife at Lime Street station.
Virginia untied the neck of each bag, opened them to show the crumpled jeans and skirts, the shirts and blouses and soiled knickers.
'See? Clothes, like I said.'
The chap looked, said, 'Youd be better off taking this lot down to Oxfam rather than paying good money to leave it here.'
'Dont be so bloody cheeky! Give me the ticket!'
Virginia snatched the ticket and stamped from the office. Her face hurt after snapping at the attendant. She needed to see a dentist. She needed to see her face, for Gods sake, to see what damage had been done to it. Most important of all, though, she needed a place to stay for the night.

*
A frown, a grimace and a smile were all the same for Coral; her cheeks puffed, her mouth strained and the expression was open to interpretation. Virginia detected a hint of concern in the greeting, though.
'Joshs wife?' Coral supposed.
'You knew she was after me? You knew he was married  to a policewoman?'
'I tried to tell you.'
'Not until it was too late.'
'It had its amusing side at first, the idea of you screwing a coppers husband and not realising it.'
'Look at my face, Coral,' said Virginia, leaning forward into the light. 'Im not amused. Im not laughing. I cant.'
'No.' Coral winced, as if she might be sharing in the pain. 'You were so cocky, though, boasting that youd copped off with Josh. Do you think you deserved any favours, being so arrogant? What would you have done if the situation had been reversed?'
Dropped Coral right in the shit, no doubt, and then stood back to laugh.
'Thanks, Coral, thanks a bunch,' she said bitterly, but still accepted the conciliatory drink which was offered. 'Now I think you owe me a favour.'
'Whats that?'
Virginia told Coral of her encounter with the landlady, of the landlady turfing her out and padlocking the flat.
'Thrown out arse over elbow I am,' she said, remembering the phrase and how it had happened to her before.
'Everyones catching up with you,' said Coral. 'That bloke who was looking for you, the one in the natty suit? He was down here earlier. Seems that the print you stole from Gerald you ended up selling to one of the minions in his gallery. He wants his money back.'
'Oh, fuck him,' said Virginia. A softly spoken man in his fifties was easily handled. 'At the moment Im more concerned about finding a bed for the night. Your couch will do.'
Coral shook her head. 'Sorry, Virginia, but tonight Im seeing Tone.'
'Him?'
Corals smile broadened, became lecherous. 'Yes, him. Ive finally managed to persuade him to come out without Trev.'
'Put him off.'
'No. You dont seriously expect me to, do you, now that Ive finally got a chance with him? Tonight Im hopeful.'
'And tonight Im homeless. Doesnt our friendship mean anything?'
'What friendship?'
'You bitch!' said Virginia, but she was philosophical about the refusal of a bed; fornication would always take precedence over favour where she was concerned, too. She shrugged. 'Something will turn up. Perhaps-?'
'Yes?' said Coral.
Virginia shook her head. 'I was about to say perhaps Gerald...'
Coral laughed. 'No, I dont think so. In fact youre probably pushing your luck hanging around here. Theres no telling when he might turn up, or what hell do when he does.'
Still Virginia lingered, though, wasted money on drink which might have been better spent on a bed for the night. Best to be a little drunk, she reasoned, in case she ended up sleeping out, in the park or down at the Pier Head.
By mid-afternoon sleeping out began to seem the most likely option; there had been no sudden windfall of money, Coral was as eager as ever to get Tone back to her place and no attractively wealthy young men -or women- had visited the bar, people who had a penthouse flat nearby and were eager to share their empty bed with her.
Resigned, Virginia left the Corkscrew.
'Good luck,' said Coral, but Virginia doubted that there would be any of that coming her way. 'If it wasnt for bad luck I wouldnt have no luck at all,' she sang, as she tramped aimlessly along the street.
'Dreamer!' someone said, tapping her on the shoulder after greeting her and being ignored.
It was Dean. She gave him a gruff hello.
'You sound a bit down,' he said.
Who wouldnt be, with a face like the one she was wearing? He made no comment about her scars and bruises, though, so she shrugged -you know how things are- looked around and asked, 'No Goomer with you to rub salt into my wounds?'
She had wounds aplenty, after all.
'No. Ive just left him at the station. Hes gone to pay his parents a visit.'
Ah!
Dean asked if she was on her way home, asked if she minded if he walked along with her. Quick thinking was called for.
'Yes, Im going home, and please do walk along with me, Ill be glad of the company,' she said, forcing a cheerful smile, her mind racing frantically.
'So whats got you so glum?' Dean asked, then guessed, 'Money, still?'
What was wrong with the dimwit? Hadn't he noticed that her face was bloodied and bruised?
Her brave smile fixed, though, she said, 'There always seems to be a shortage. Still, we soldier on, eh?'
'Thats the spirit. Nihil desperandum.'
My, but wasnt the self-improvement coming along a storm! First the landlady quoting Latin, and now Dean!
'Hows your future shaping up?' she asked, pretending to be interested. 'Still thinking about further education?'
He was, and he talked enthusiastically about his plans as they climbed the hill towards the flat which was no longer Virginias. She asked the right questions, made suitably encouraging comments to keep Dean talking, flattered him with her interest. At the door to the house she made an act of fumbling for the keys which she had been forced to surrender to the landlady, smiled and stepped back graciously as Dean unlocked the door and entered, then followed him up the stairs.
'Oh, youve got padlocks on your doors!' Dean saw, when they reached the third floor.
What to do? Be honest about the matter? No way.
'Yes, the locks were faulty so I had to make them secure,' Virginia lied, then added, a little more truthfully, 'You cant trust anyone in this house, you know.'
'Oh, Im sure thats not true.'
Pausing between the two flats at the end of the hall, they smiled, waiting for one or the other to take their leave.
When Virginia made no move, Dean said, 'I was just going to make a little something to eat. Would you like to join me?'
Risk his cooking? The one who had professed never to touch meat or spaghetti or potatoes or anything bad?
'Why, thats very kind of you Dean. Id love to.'
'Its as easy to cook for two as it is for one, after all,' he smiled, as he opened the door.
He prepared an omelette, quite competently, it was warm and filling and revived Virginia. He took the empty plate from her, handed her a mug of perfumed tea which she made a show of enjoying. They sat on cushions on the floor, their feet tucked beneath them.
'Tell me, Virginia,' Dean said, after moments of silence.
'Yes?'
'Your face-'
He had noticed it after all!
'-I didnt like to mention it before.'
'Yes, once I thought it might be my fortune,' she said, and gingerly touched a finger to her swollen lip. The hot tea had made the wound smart. 'Its a long story, a tragic one...'
Which she told nobly, making it sound like some heroic Nordic saga. In her tale she was a victim, of course.
'Poor Virginia,' Dean sympathised, and his hand twitched as if he was tempted to soothe away the pain.
'It hurts, Ive been getting these awful headaches ever since,' Virginia said, then forced a sob. 'Oh, Dean! How it hurts!'
He was obliged to touch a hand to her face, then; his fingernails had grown, they were nicely manicured rather than bitten to the quick and they grazed gently across her discoloured cheek. Then, flushing with embarrassment, he pulled his hand back.
'No, dont stop,' said Virginia, grabbing his hand and bringing it back, kissing her lips softly against the palm. 'Oh, that feels good,' she told him. 'So good. It seems like youre the only person who doesnt want to hurt me.'
'Silly. Nobody wants to hurt you.'
That bitch Wilkie had, but Virginia kept quiet about her and the reasons why.
'Dean, will you do me a favour?' she asked.
'What?' he asked, eager to please.
'Will you just hold me?'
'We shouldnt,' he said, and she felt him strain and try to move away.
'Please, just hold me,' she begged. 'Put your arms around me and make the pain go away.'
The low mattress which was Goomers bed was just behind them and Virginia fell back onto it, pulling Dean down with her.
'We shouldnt,' he said again, even as he wrapped his arms around her and clutched her tenderly to him.

*
They were still in the same position when morning dawned and Goomer called Virginia a cow, a conniving two-faced bitch of the very worst kind.
'And what were you thinking of?' he demanded of Dean, standing over them, framed by the light from the doorway.
'But look at her, look at her poor face,' said Dean, pulling Virginias head from his naked chest where she had buried it.
'She look even worse when Ive finished with her!' Goomer threatened, his fists clenched ready, standing legs apart like a colossus.
'But she hurt. She was in pain.'
'Pain? She doesnt know what pain is, yet!'
'Dont. Leave her alone,' said Dean.
Goomer directed his anger back at Virginia. 'You nasty little bitch!' he said, aiming a kick at her upraised buttocks. 'You stinking little rat!'
'It takes two to tango,' she mumbled into Deans chest.
'Tango? With Dean? You know what hes like!'
Gullible? And not especially good in bed? But at least she had managed to find a bed for the night and had slept soundly, woken refreshed enough to face her court appearance. The memory of what the day held in store for her came back.
'Im up before the magistrates today,' she told Goomer.
'And you think that excuses what youve done?' he raged. 'I hope they fucking well lock you up! Go on, get out of my bed! Ill need to fumigate the fucking thing before I can sleep in it again!'
'You wont hit me if I get out?' she asked. 'Im naked under these sheets. You wont take advantage?'
'Just get out, you worm! You really are a pathetic creature!'
'Im sorry,' Dean began to sob, as Virginia crawled from the bed and started to pull on her clothes, trying not to expose her naked body, careful not to leave herself vulnerable to assault.
Naturally Goomer did not blame Dean; as soon as Virginia had vacated the bed he sat down beside him and took him in his arms.
'You should never have trusted that little bitch,' he said.
'She did say you couldnt trust people in this house,' Dean sniffed.
'I should never have left you alone, not with people like her around.'
Virginia had her jeans on, she had her blouse on and was buttoning it when Goomer leapt back to his feet.
'Get out of here you bitch! I never want to see you again!'
'Theres little chance of that, Ive been evicted,' she said, hoping for some sympathy.
'GO!'
She ducked his flailing fist, snatched up her jacket and was out of the door, her blouse flapping loosely behind her. There were cries of protest -stop that fucking noise up there!- as she ran down the stairs, and for once she did not bother to respond to them, for once did not bother to slam any doors behind her but sprinted from the house and down the street.
Good riddance to the place, she thought, as she rounded the corner and slowed to a brisk walk. A couple of corners on she slowed to a stroll; she was due in court at eleven, there was no need to rush headlong into another stream of bad news.
'Excuse me.'
Someone tapped her on the shoulder, always a bad sign. She turned to see a coloured man, his hand outstretched holding a newspaper, one of the tabloids.
There was a spark of wit still left and Virginia said, 'Why? What have you done?'
The newspaper was thrust into her hand.
'You will please read my horrorscope? My English is not good.'
One of the universitys overseas students.
Virginia shrugged. 'Why not? What sign are you?'
''My birthday is July Three. I am a Tiger if we are Chinese. And a crab.'
Cancer, Virginia knew; it was her own sign. She read the unfortunate horrorscope: 'Troubles come in threes. There are expensive trials and tribulations. Not a happy day for Cancerians.'
'Thank you,' said the coloured man, though the forecast was not very promising, then took an envelope from his pocket. 'You will also please read the correspondence from my girlfriend of your nationality. It is only brief, but my English-'
'It is not so good,' Virginia knew, and took the letter. She slipped the notepaper from the envelope, unfolded it and read the greeting. It began with the words you bastard. 'She says she loves you, she worships you and she wants to do dirty things with your body,' she said.
'Ah!'
'So!'
'And if we are Chinese I am a Tiger,' the coloured man grinned, taking back the letter.
'Have a nice day, then,' Virginia smiled, and walked on towards the magistrates court.
She was in and out in three hours, it was that quick. The defence she offered took about three minutes, for her face told her story; she was a reprobate and she could expect no mercy, even though the representative for the Crown Prosecution began proceedings as if he was about to recite a love poem, offering her name in full, Virginia Fair.
Three fucking hours! And then three minutes! And everything seemed to come in threes, like the three year ban from driving and the three hundred pound fine. Three was obviously a bad number, as her stars had foretold.
And then there was that fateful three again, in the blaring of a car horn which sounded at her.
Beep! Beep! Beep!
She was too frightened to look, the signs were ominous, she kept her gaze fixed on the pavement and trudged along dispiritedly.
Beep! Beep! BEEP!
The last blast was long and insistent and a car pulled ahead of her, turned the corner to the left and stopped to bar her way across the junction. She was forced to look up.
'Keith!'
'I thought it was you, but dont you look a state,' he said, leaning across the seat, looking through the open window. His hair caught the sun as it was diffused through the dusty windscreen, his mouth smiled a friendly greeting.
'And dont you look lovely, a sight for sore eyes,' Virginia said, and laughed at the humour of the day, at the mention of eyes which were still puffed and bruised.
But why not get into the car, she thought, as the door was opened for her, and perhaps ride along with Keith for a while? He might feel guilty enough to share the expense of her fine; at the very least he might offer her a bed for the night.
She made herself comfortable in the passenger seat, said, 'Do you think we could drive by the station? I have a couple of bags to pick up. Though where Im going to put them I really dont know.'

About the author

Maria Blanca Alonso was born in Zamora, Spain, but received her early education in Torremolinos and Palencia, under the disciplined tutelage of the Salesianas, before studying at Universidad Autonoma de Madrid. After many years living and working in Madrid, and then spending a further decade and more in Liverpool, UK, she has now taken up residence in Salobrena, Granada.

Also by Maria Blanca Alonso

'Perdida'

The people of Perdida depend on the visits of Padre Joao to bless their marriages, baptise their children, bury their dead and forgive their sins. When he announces his own loss of faith, though, they are left in a quandary. How can they ever sin again if they can no longer rely on his regular absolution? What miracles or temptations can they conjure which will bring about a change of heart?

'An Eternity To Come'

The Second Coming, and where would a reluctant Son of God prefer to go? The court of the Sun King in Versailles or the Berlin of Sally Bowles? The London of the Swinging Sixties? To his dismay he finds himself reborn in Africa, the Dark Continent, in what is perhaps its darkest period. So where next? And how will the modern world welcome such an innocent, a quasi-God who seems so annoyingly free from sin?

'Pictures Of Lily'

Nicola's is a happy life, a cosy world, her parents see that she wants for nothing. She has all the benefits a middle class background affords -a good education, a comfortable home, a promising future- and her days flow seamlessly, one into the other, with never a problem to trouble their calm progression.
Until she meets Johnson.
Johnson is not the boyfriend any parent would want for their teenage daughter. His background, his manner, his age -especially his age- would preclude him from their world.
Slowly, though, Johnson insinuates himself into Nicola's life, then invades her parents' home, leaving them with the questions, the dilemmas....
How could a sensible young girl become so corrupt?
How could a middle class family allow such a brute into their home?
How could a loving father not fight back to protect his family?
blancamalonso@yahoo.co.uk
