Cool!
Alien Princess


ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Day 221. unknown universe. unknown planet. unknown mountain. unknown man. yellow sun. baby blue sky. no clouds. 72F. morning.
Starra! the cute male shouts my name, waving his arms and hands at me. He knows my name. He breathes hard and heavy running on his long legs towards the burning space shuttle to me. Me!
I lean my smiling face into the dirty window narrowing my eyelashes with a little T-kick of Telepathy on the person.
Male: handsome, curly black hair, brown eyes, dark skin, five-eleven tallness, weight 195 lbs, rippling muscles; black knee-high boots, white uniform, and a naked chest. 
I toss my arms, giggling. I like this place, already, kicking the metal objects from my boot toes then scraping the nice leather. Dang, spying in the stupid metal objects. I stand, flinging my arms smashing the twisted chairs and no bodies away from my path with T-slap.
I leap from the jagged platform of the cockpit on the destroyed Earthling space shuttle, when the male opens his biceps and catches me. I giggle, when he grunts then wraps his strong muscles around me. Whoa! If this is the welcoming committee, I cant wait for the evening reception. I sigh with hotness.
Are you hurt, Starra? Are you injured, Starra? He repeats my name, pulling me into his sweaty face, smiling and nodding. He chuckles examining me from my pretty head down to my dirty boot toes. You look okay. Fine! Is that the right term, Starra? He cuddles me, sweet breathing into my face, smiling. Im so glad that you are unharmed. I was worried, when I saw the condition of your burning ship, when I giggle, forgetting about the freaking ship, just hug me, again, please. He smiles. I am Rann, your King, nodding at me, when I giggle, forgetting about the kingdom, too. He swings us away from the blazing space shuttle, saying. Do you recognize me? I grin goofy, forgetting my southern bell manners and enjoy his hotness. When he fingers his slick starship in the shape of a squatting toady frog with a row of bright lighted blue headlights and two doors a door for each person and one piece of luggage. There are three after burners for fast flying light speed, ifan youre into that kind of thing. Im into his hotness, now. He smiles, Since you cant remember me then its accurate to say that you do not recall living in my fair universe, when I giggle, nodding. He smiles. I dont like the titles of formalities. I am called Prince Rann, not King Rann. I giggle like a silly elementary girl. I like him. Hes very nice, kind and handsome and a prince.
He opens the hatch of the small starship. Enter, please Starra, I scoot into the individual leather chair separating me from the drivers chair. He buckles me into the webbing. Safety first, winks and grins when I giggle. Watch your fingers and hair! Then, he slams the hatch closed. I watch him strut around the nose cone. He slides inside, winking and cranking the engines. 
The ship smoothly lifts into the air, when he smiles, piloting. Where shall I begin? I shrug my shoulders, smiling at him. I guess at the beginning that would be most logical spot, Starra. Maybe, my narration will activate your subconscious memories, when I nod, smiling. I feel comfortable talking with him and riding in a ship with only two seats going to anywhere in this big unexplored universe. I feel safe and happy, not afraid. He says. We speak the common language, since I can communicate with you and you can communicate with me, when I nod, grinning. I learned to read, write, and comprehend the common language while thanking my teachers at my school Uni. You probably guessed that by now. So talking shouldnt make you homesick for Earth, since I want ya to feel right at home, here, Starra, clearing his throat. Ill answer later how it is that I know your name, Starra. Were flying to the planet of Commerce, the center of the universe, winks. And, earthlings always thought they were the center of the universe. I guess I have proved that theory wrong. Too bad! I cant tell anyone about us, laughing. Thats a great joke when teasing the nobles and noblettes, when I frown then view the red, blue and yellow fiery round object in the blue skyline. Rann turns to his left, Wormhole on our left, the abandoned warehouse on our right, chuckles. The world is called Bonita. I stare down at the green grass pastures and brown soil crops of the world, shaking my waist-length dirty matted silver curls, frowning.
He narrates really fast being a native, not an alien like me.
Rann rules the entire universe including the planets, people, and property as we travel inside his personal zipper starship. The universe has nine planets named Agri, Sahara, Commerce, Bio, Resort, Tech, Ice, Uni, and Bonita. The tenth planets are floating rotating man-made space stations in black cold outer space along the Wall. Rann lives on Commerce, owning the entire planet, not just the palace. Wow, Im very impressed. I sigh with adventure.
Each planet contributes to the overall galaxy as a dependent unit. No planet can function by itself without the other worlds importing or exporting products to survive. The universe is divided into two sections by a natural barrier formation between two solar sun systems. There are two suns on each end of the section with different planet atmospheres, rotating around every twenty hours for a day and night completion.
The first galaxy contains the worlds of Commerce, Agri, Bonita, Tech, Uni, Bio and a space station named Militia. The second galaxy includes the planets of Ice, Resort, Sahara and another space station named Militia, which is located on the opposite side of the natural barrier formation called the Wall. The natural space rock formation in the middle dividing the universe is known as the Wall. It consists of constantly drifting rocks, asteroids, ice crystals and space debris that collects in groups and attaches to the outer structure making the phenomenon higher and wider than some of the planets in this universe.
There is a vertical rectangular box within the Wall, which is man-made and controlled by the Militia personal. It shifts every fifty minutes to a different location in the center of the Wall. The Wall is used for transporting starships with goodies and people to and from the two solar sun systems.
General Ira and his wife Generalette Mar own both space stations on both sides of the Wall from Militia. Militia is the royal Honor Guard for the nobles and noblettes, here.
Agri is the planet known as the Farm World providing all the food and livestock with millions of miles of crop land, one ocean, and numerous fresh water reservoirs for both fish and seafood. The world is owned by Baron Bartholomew, his wife Baroness Ann, and the lobles. Baron Bartholomews great grandfather was a true visionary. Every family or single individual owns land to farm and plant and sold their goods for currs in the markets on Commerce. Loble is the highest form of commoner and the lowest status of noble, creating the nickname of the contraction of low and noble.
Sahara is the hottest of the planets and located nearest the sun in the second solar system. It is also inherited a nickname of Prison Planet. Ambassador Ty and his wife Ambassadorette Joy owes the orange world. All the convicted criminals are sentenced to work here until the end of his or her jail term or death, whichever comes first. The universe has no death penalty for any crimes. The world also produces valuable stones and minerals of gold, silver, copper, platinum, alabaster and semi-precious gems from the orange, dry dirt called deserts.
Rann chuckles, A deserving punishment for criminals mining priceless minerals, not being able to steal them from their boss. I giggle.
Planet Commerce is the center of this universe. This planet houses the ruler of the universe Prince Rann. It imports all the individual products from the other nine planets into open air markets lining the yellow cobblestone streets of the rural city, which led to the blue Game stadium. Each noble provides a commoners passage, security and safety to the planet of Commerce. Commoners were delivered by silver cargo ships, built on Tech world, owned by noble Viscount Lad. The commoner or working class members act as vendors for their home planet, selling, exhibiting and displaying the goods of each home world for the other planet citizens to purchase. Then, they become the customer, buying, bartering and bargaining for merchandise from the other worlds during breaks and rest periods.
Commerce is a huge shopping center on Jubilation Day for the commoners and nobles which start at six in the morning. At ten in the morning, the ruler presides over the Royal announcements, starting with the births of babies, marriages of couples, deaths of citizens, judgments of prisoners and any other legal or social dispute that a noble could not handle or resolve by his self or herself. After lunch, there is more trading and buying of vendor merchandise. Then, the last event of the evening, the Jubilation Ball starts at four in the afternoon and ends whenever the noble declares. The lavish dinners and elegant dance balls get more complicated.
Each noble owns a castle on Commerce, their personal residence. During Jubilation Day, each noble uses his or her residence as the place the commoner can stay, eat, rest, and enjoy the day time vendor shopping and social evening activities. In the late afternoon, each castle holds a banquet and dance. Commoners can visit different castles if proper permission is given by the hosting noble and dance the night away.
Bio is the medical and emergency care hospital for the universe for people who are sick, injured. The world of Tech manufactures all chemical, electrical, mechanical and industrial equipment ranging from home appliances to star ships to personal robots, which can be purchased by citizens of the universe. Viscount Lad and Viscountess Rita own the planet of Tech which is known as Tech World.
Ice is the coldest planet in the universe. The people wear furs made from animal hides, produce meats and seafood from the arctic lakes, and host skiing, boarding, ice fishing, and other winter festivals and sports.
Uni is the educational institution for the universe. Starting at four years old, all children attend and live on this planet until the age of sixteen years old, then are tested for a position and can move to live anywhere in the universe. Governor Jon and his wife Governess Jo are the nobles of the School World.
Resort is the vacation hot spot of the universe. The hotels and casinos provide music, dancing, parades and vividly decorated streets. The purpose is for vacation, fun and party. Marquis Roy and his wife Marquise Dee were the nobles, until the War killed them. Their son, Marquis Tok and his wife Marquise Ivy owes the property. The oceans and sea ports provide boating, fishing, jetting, skiing, and other water and sky activities.
Commoners are not treated like property. They can come and to any planet in the twin solar systems. Prince Rann helped implement that method for the commoners to leave their birth world to live on a different planet by providing training for certain tasks and assignments at the school which is called Uni. As a general rule, no person or family rarely moves off the planet or travels to another place to stay except for vacationing on the planets of Ice or Resort, visiting the market vendor shops and attending the sporting Games on the planet of Commerce in the unknown universe.
The universe is a 10 base system. There are 50 seconds in a minute, 50 minutes in an hour, 20 hours in a day, and 300 days in a year. Money is power in this galaxy. It controls everything from food, supplies, jobs, property, and people to social activities and entertainment. Money is called currs. Currs are markings of denomination etched on golden triangles which represents monetary value. The universe is based on a hierarchical social structure. There is an aristocratic class which includes king, queen, prince, baron, ambassador, and other named noble titles, who rule the planets, property, and people.
There two important competition events for the citizens: the Conqueror Tournament and the Game.
The Conqueror Tournament is a poker game. The casino uses a standard fifty-six card deck, which included four wild cards called the Conqueror cards. The wild cards can represent any value but must be called before a players card hand is turned up in the metal tray for auditing. Each player is dealt five cards. Player in seat number one starts the betting.  The Conqueror robot or Cbot acts as a card dealer, announcer and referee. Its function was to deal the cards, handle the currs and distribute the jackpot to the winner of each game of the Conqueror Tournament.
The Game is a weekly sporting competition. The players wear suits of protective covering for participating consisting of helmet, hand, arm and shoulder pads and leg, knee and shin pads. There are thirteen players on each team. The Kicker hits a round ball into the air and then the member of the opposite team catches it running up the middle of the field, and then drops onto the ground for a touchdown which is worth five points.
And finally, Bonita is the name of the planet where Rann has rescued me.

Planet Commerce. game stadium. funeral parade. partly sunny. 81F. morning.
The planet is composed of white and green colors, mostly pasture lands and limestone cliffs. The center of the universe is a small village with big noble castles in colored tones of green, orange, white, blue, yellow, red, gold, and purple. I giggle at the funny color theme of each noble.
He lands the zipper on top of the purple castle while I view the landscape, the castles and then him. The four ships dash away from his zipper upon his landing at his residence. I sigh with impression.
Gbot: seven-feet, mechanic, metal vertical cylinder, silver, guard robot opens my hatch door  when Rann scoots around the nose cone then extends his arm, smiling. I grab his hand, sliding from the low roof top, not hitting my brain cells out my butthole, giggling with silliness.
We stroll arm and arm along the purple-painted balcony of birds and flowers towards a set of double doors. Gbots open each door. I giggle liking the royal treatment like a royal princess.
I thought that I was landing on an empty planet as piloted by the Earth pilots and told by the Earth scientists. Instead, I have crash-landed the burning shuttle without food and water for surviving and forging the landscape. So, Im surprisingly shocked, being the alien in my fairy tale, giggling.
The cool shade overtakes the dull sunlight, when I see oil people portraits and animal granite statues inside the royal castle exterior. Im so happy to be, here. Im very happy you made it, here, Starra, he nods, patting my dirty naked hand, without stopping.
The hovering robot blocks our path and fingers a metal limb to our right then drones. Prince Rann, your ride is ready. Rann doesnt even nod, walking to the right as the Gbots surround us, when I frown.
Rann says. Gbots are excellent mechanic guards of any persons body, chuckling. However, that metal object back there is a working robot. They look like a stack of overgrown trashcans located outside the garage of my palace here. The machine is shaped like a cylinder with mechanical skinny arms, no legs, and a monitor inside its belly showing interactive pictures. The thing is named Hbot or housekeeping robot serving multiple duties as a pilot, a butler, a maid, and a spy, just one of many very personal machines all the nobles own, when I nod, giggling. We are attending a funeral of a noble from the ranks. I frown at my fashion boots. Im wearing my dirty torn United Earth Government Tele issued black hot wool jumpsuit against my dirty smelly petite body. Black is fine for a funeral. Rann pats my arm, grinning at me. You look fine, Starra, as he reads my mind, again, when I part my lips. I sigh with mystery.
The word funeral makes me sad with my depressed mental thoughts. My Tele mates did not survive, only me. The Earth scientists speculated about humanoids living in outer space for centuries. Now, I found them. Well, they found me. Everything is fine.
Everything is fine, Rann taps my arm, smiling when I drop my mouth then close it, thinking about Grandma Starbucks expression. We stomp down the steps into the flower garden then the parking lot of ships.
The village is busy. I see flying ships in different sizes of short bikes, slender ships, and larger air limos holding many people and many pieces of luggage. And, the people are dressed in black, making me not stand out. And, I feel safe and secure with Rann, especially holding his hand.
He frowns at me. Starra, I must lead the procession since Im the ruler of the universe. But Ill leave you in good hands with my very good dear friends Queenetta Rosa and her brother King Rex. Rann guides my hand to Rosa: tall, plump, elderly, pale-skin, blondish-gray hair, smiling.
Rosa pulls me into her side, saying. Good morning, my dear! Welcome to our universe? How are you doing this charming day? She wears a long dress in black with a black shawl, gloves, and black tiara. She nods, before I can speak. Good. We shall load onto our float. The float is decorated in a light greenish-yellow color (thats chartreuse). I sit in front of Rosa and Rex. Their chairs were colored yellow, also. Rosa and Rex did not wave or smile. The people are sober and solemn. I quietly sat and watched on the lower deck of the float. I could see in the distance Prince Rann entering a different vehicle. The vessel is a chariot in color inlayed with gold braiding around the top. Very nice! Hes not only the Royalty but a head of state, I mean, planets, I mean, the entire universe. I sighed with power.
On the Planet Earth of the past, the Royal dynasties were dead. In five years or less all Earthlings will be dead, too. I have to get back and save them, maybe, the natives and their fancy starships can help me. Since, Im the alien, here.
The funeral parade stops. A guard dressed in a white uniform with a chartreuse sash assists me by steadying my hand down the stairs onto the sidewalk. I follow Rosa and Rex. They enter a dark tunnel then emerge into the sun light. The crowd rustles into bleachers barely making any noise. I follow Rosa then climb steps, parking inside a skybox which is surrounded by Gbots. This structure is a tall and wide stadium for large quantities of people and maybe for sporting events, too. Back home on Earth, I recognized a similar architectural design for watching football games on Starbuck Plantation. I sigh with homesickness.
I dont feel sad. I dont know these people or this noble, but I do like Rann. My emotions are frog-leaping and flea-jumping around my brain and spinal cord with some new strange and odd sensations of like-ness and lust-ness. I giggle feeling like this is almost home. This is not my home. I come from another galaxy, another planet, another state, and another city. I sigh with confusion.
The musical band members walk silently onto the manicured green grass field then stop. The bank plays a slow depressing song as the microphone tweets on the highest platform of the building. Citizens of the Universe, we have gathered today to honor our fallen noble Lord Dirk of the Planet Bonita. Rann nods, saying. I sigh with familiarity.
The rotating flying robots record his words and hand movements on the gigantic television screens inside the stadium, when each noble says a short narrative of Lord Dirk of Planet Bonita, minus a coffin or body or wagon or physical something.
Rann scoots back into the television screen, nodding and saying. May he forever live in peace and serenity for the rest of his living soul in the afterlife, when the bells tolls three times with a dong. The big cannon fires three times with a boom. Then silence lingers for three second. Rann clears his throat, saying. Bless Lord Dirk of the Planet Bonita and keep him safe.
A very nice ceremony! Rosa whispers into my ear, when the other black-clothed people rustle to stand then exit the Stadium. My tele-ears hear crying, cursing, and muttering from the people about Dirk. I sigh with sadness.
I dont know this noble. I feel the surrounding mixed emotions of the people within their hearts and minds using my Telepathy. Rosa tugs on my left sleeve then stands. We stroll back to the lorry, sitting for our ride to somewhere.
I watch the birds fly. The squirrels jump. The people walk. I ride towards the purple palace when the float stops. The robots open the door, when Rann extends his hand for me. I smile, grabbing it. We walk into his palace.

Ranns palace. drawing room. 85F. afternoon.
I follow behind Rosa and Rex viewing the purple walls, matching furniture, and matching curtains. I giggle then frown at the set of flesh and bone guards beside the doors. Each guard wears a white uniform with a purple sash around their waist holding a vertical spear plus a sword and small dagger cling to the body armor for drama. I hope Im expected. Please, sir, Im too tired for a fight or feint. My Tele powers can save me, but I dont wanna use them right now, this moment. I sigh with fun.
Rex whispers a set of secret words into the guards face. They part the door. We enter a small room. The room houses a round table, without food platters. My stomach growls for food. A set of long and tall windows, the sun blinds my eyeballs. My eyelashes think its sleeping time. I exhale walking behind fast paced Prince Rann. I giggle. He is full of life energy. Rann escorts me to the far side then seats opposite me. Rex and Rosa occupy the smooth curve of the roundness between the table and me. Planet Earth!? Rosa stares, not smile at me. We receive carrier waves through the wormhole. The wormhole is the ring of red and yellow fire in the blue sky over the green lush planet of Bonita that got your Tele mates. The old fashioned receiver is stored in the horse barn. My job is to protect the wormhole observing Earth is an added task, when I drop my mouth. She raises her palm. We know about the fate of Earth, when my heart drops into my fashion boots. She nods. You can never go back, Starra. It is a death trap waiting to happen, my dear. Our largest and swiftest starship cannot penetrate the fiery wormhole, without burning into a glob of melted metal on the other side. Wewilldie, when she probes my mind. I slap my T-shield over my brain cells. She exhales. I can sense your determination to try, my dear. We will not interfere with your outside plans. Remember this! I predict that youll succeed as a well-respected member of the noble community. I hope you accept your fate. We have a nice universe, here, my dear, exhaling and shaking her tiara. She smirks. Frankly, Im in awe that you have survived the crash. No normal Earthling could have done it that feat. We had been monitoring the distress of your burning ship. Then, we sent Rann to follow the burning ship. I dont need to emphasize to you. The prognosis of Earth is destruction, when I drop my mouth at the accurate and accumulated information. Rosa pats her dress then smiles at me. Tell about you, my dear?
I close my mouth, scanning the faces. Rex nods; Rosa smiles. And, Rann stares at me, when I tap the water goblet with my nervous fingernails. The natives are being both nice and nosy. I feel like a character in an old Earth movie film, where the prisoner is being interrogated for data about some secret project. So, Im the secret project. Im the secret weapon. I have survived the wormhole. No other Earthling has ventured here, before. I sigh with fear.
Rosa nods, smiling. We are not going to harm you, my dear, when I part my lips. She nods. You are like us. Or we are like you. You are from Earth. We came from Earth, a very, very, long, long time, ago. We only desire an exchange of information will not hurt, harm or hassle the doomed Earthlings like some hot gossip, giggling and nodding. Our spying radio waves have revealed that Planet Earth is going to explode, anyways, when I nod. Rosa smiles. Your name is Starra Starbuck. Here in our universe we only use a first name. You are Starra, an administrator from a farm like our world of Planet Agri
Rex frowns, Not important! Please continue, Starra, Rann stares at me. I tap the goblet with my nervous fingernails.
Rosa giggles, shaking her curls. Do not tell Bartholomew. He will be employing her on his farm. This is our little secret, my dear, winks. It is a joke, my dear! I thought all Earthlings possessed humor, I nod then she smiles. Your farm plantation is big like our castle, when I nod. Then, you are like a princess on Planet Earth. However, the Earthlings are forced to live under glass domes because of the outside sun radiation and wind poisons, when I nod.
And, the earthlings travel by solar powered wind tunnels protecting them from the radiated elements of the planet. That is very clever by your bright scientists. However, there is fun and enjoyment inside an enclosed bubble like playing with the animals or jetting the bikes to the top of the dome. The solar sun rises at four in the morning and the solar sun sets at nine in the evening, the early sunrise and sunset provides 19 hours, 7 minutes and 32 seconds of additional of heat and light. Is that correct, Starra? when I drop my mouth then close it, nodding. Rosa nods. Each Dome is located hundreds of miles apart within each city-state including the Military ones. There are soldiers, who assist the earthlings with food distribution. Thats all. There are no war or warriors on Planet Earth, because of all the terrible weather patterns that exist and bombard the planet, every day and night, when I nod.
Rex clears his throat. Very important, please continue, when Rann stares at me. I tap the sweaty goblet with my nervous fingernails.
Rosa smiles, nodding. You also are a computer programmer handling the mainframe programming languages which control the vitality important life functions on the farm, specifically the satellite computer communication network and life support system. The software applications control oxygen, sunlight, water supply, rain, and defense mechanics from outside threats of electrical storms and falling space debris basically the lives of every person, plant and animal in your home. You are a skilled horse woman and an excellent computer programmer. These earlier accomplishments make you appear as independent, reliable, dependable, caring, honest, and hard working with a little touch of arrogance and overconfidence, giggling, when I drop my mouth then close it. Maritza told me the same exact thing on Earth. She giggles. Dont tell Viscount Lad! He will recruit you for to program the bots. Rex chuckles not Rann. She nods. However, your ecosphere is a farm. And the United Earth Government still controls the solar equipment, solar vehicles, and solar weapons, raising her palm, shaking her tiaras. Not for war, Rex! Planet Earth is in no position to fight with anyone, when I drop my mouth then close it.
Planet Earth cant fight with any invading outer space aliens or an invading home-grown Mother Nature. They know too much about Planet Earth, me, and our non-existence selfless defenses. Since, Planet Earth is dying. It is going to explode really soon, if not already. Someone would be completely crazy loco to go to Planet Earth. I sigh with illogic.
Rosa nods. Food is more important then weapons, Rex. The sophisticated satellite systems monitor the man-made superstructures every second and minute in 24 hours, 7 days per week for cracks, leaks, and disruptions that cause ultraviolet radiation to drain into the dome which would cause the ultimate disaster, death to every human, animal, and plant life inside the biosphere for sustaining, not spying, giggling. The domes are necessary. The air, sky, and sea pollution elements are very dangerous to any single biological form, if she doesnt to live inside the glass house, nodding with Rex. Rann stares at me, when I tap my nervous fingernails on the sweaty glass of water. Rosa says. There are plenty of earthlings left on my home world. Starra was trained as a Tele-astronaut on the first ever intergalactic outer space mission from Planet Earth to our galaxy. Her Tele-powers were identified by a test as ordered by the United Earth Government. Every earthling was tested. Starra passed with glorious results allowing her to trip as one of the Tele-astronauts on the space shuttle to us, nods at me.
I growl. I was drafted
Rosa drops her mouth along with Rex. Rann stares at me. She frowns. You were drafted meaning that you did not have a choice about traveling though outer space on the earthling intergalactic mission, Rann grunts, when Rex stares at me. Rosa nods. You are not interested in saving your earth-friends and family on a dying planet meaning that you would rather die then help them, frowning at me, when I tap my fingernails on the glass. She says. Starra was not the Tele-leader, either. All the Tele-team died inside the heated 3000 degreed walls of the wormhole, when I view my still fingernails. I sigh with sadness.
Rex nods. Understood, please continue, when Rann stares at me.
Rosa nods, smiling. Earthlings discovered the wormhole 35 years ago then forgot about it.
When the United Earth Government uncovered that earthlings could only sustain life for another 30 years under the protective domes, a Tele-team was sent through the wormhole to find a new world. A wormhole is a hollow tunnel that connects two complete universes. The Milky Way Galaxy does not contain wormholes. Bonitas wormhole is located half way between the Andromeda Galaxy and the Milky Way Galaxy, slightly north by northwest of us. Andromeda Galaxy lies 2.2 million light years away from the planet of Earth. This makes the wormhole calculation close to 1.1 million light years of space travel. The President of the United Earth Government, earthling rule by elected people, not royalty. The Milky Way Galaxy is devoid of life forms, except on Planet Earth. Therefore, the President of the Galaxy ordered the Tele-mission to save Planet Earth from sure fire death and destruction, when I nod. Rex nods; Rann stares at me. Rosa says. The Tele-team reached our galaxy using their combined Tele-powers of six people. The Teles launched the space shuttle from Planet Earth towards the wormhole in one hour venturing 1.1 million light years. Amazing! You, earthlings got this far in outer space, chuckling with Rex. Rann stares at me, when I tap the sweaty glass with my fingernails. She nods. To make a very short tragic story shortened, the ancient Earth space shuttle landed safety on Bonita under Starras Tele-power, when I view Rann. Rosa says. And, this is where the new storyline begins. I am done, nodding, when Rex nods then stands. Rosa stands smoothing her fancy dress, smiling. Starra, welcome to our galaxy! Rex and I have another appointment. Please, excuse us. We are going to leave you in very good company with Rann, then they swing around and exit the room.
Rann lifts the cloth revealing a red Book. He views me, nodding. Starra, do you know of the Game? I shake my curls. Do you know of the Conqueror Tournament? I shake my curls. Do you know of Bot? I shake my curls. Do you know of the Death Race? I shake my curls when he frowns. Very odd! Quite puzzling, exhaling then stands. He struts towards a desk grabbing the book then swings around to me. He says. This is our history book containing 6,528 pages to be exact. I hope you enjoying reading, sliding the book in front of my narrowed eyelashes. He cracks the dusty sheets to page one, saying. The beginning., when I view the yellow-colored faded pages, seeing numerous entries handwritten and typed in different settings updating the text.
I touch the page, when loud classical music invades my eardrums. Bright neon lights blind my eyeballs. I feel funny then dizzy then weak. I fall from the padded chair landing on my kneecaps and hands then faint into darkness.
Rann dashes then slides on the carpet. He cuddles her body, touching her forehand. Starra, wake up! Starra, can you hear me?
I blink open my eyelashes, staring at his big beautiful brown eyes. Rann, whispers, smiling.
Starra, are you hurt? Do you need a Bbot? he frowns with worry.
I struggle upright on my fanny, smiling inside his chest. Naw, not sick, no need for a bio robot, Rann. Im fine now, giggling.
You called my name
I always use your name. Or do I say Emperor Rann now?
He assists me to stands, when I dont trip over my dress. I wear my Tele-uniform, yall. No fun-time noble parties, yet into the new time line. Ah, naw, number-11. Im heavy into the double digits now. Rann cuddles me holding my hand when I grin goofy. I sigh with true love.
Rann walks me to the sofa, saying. Starra, an hour ago, you crashed landed on Bonita and you did not recognize me. Then, you passed out on the floor. Now! You suddenly remember me, when I sit, shrugging my shoulders. He shakes his skull. You have created time line number eleven. Ill explain later. Tell me about all the time lines. What you recall? I want you to tell me the truth about everything. I sigh with mystery.
I exhale, staring at him. He sits next to me, nodding. I nod. Okay! Tell the truth! The real truth! The alien truth! The earthling truth! I have lived 221 days in the unknown universe on the unknown planet as an unknown alien. In the first time line, I used my hidden Tele-powers of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics, and Teleclairvoyance to stop the War. I raised all the war weapons into the air like magic and then tossed them over the stone gate into the trash bins
Rann frowns, crossing his arms. Youwere a traitor to the Crown, when I drop my mouth then close it. He nods. Please, continue!
I clear my throat, nodding. In the second time line, I was engaged to marry King Bartholomew. The evil pair Viscountess Rita of Tech and Lord Dirk of Bonita declared War on King Bartholomew and formed a Tele-army to fight for the kingdom. I snuck off the Royal ram ship and met Dirk to finish
He slides from me towards the arm rest. You betrayed the Crown, frowning. Please, continue! 
I exhale, viewing my hands. In the third time line, I was the bodyguard of the Prince Rann. Then I got to prison on Sahara for not telling Rann that I loved him, pausing and staring at him. Rann doesnt move. I clear my throat, viewing the floor, during my engagement to Prince Rann, I fought with the pirates on Resort
Ranns back hit the arm rest, frowning at me. You lied to the Crown. Please, continue!
I exhale, frowning at him. In the fourth time line, I was a slave of Prince Rann, ruler of the universe. I obeyed all his stupid rules. I waited on tables, fetched pails of creek water, jumped rolled rugs in thunderstorms, and taught Rita to fly a zipper ship
You kidnapped the Crown.
I drop my mouth then close it. I view Rann. In the fourth time line, I saved Prince Ranns butthole, pausing. Rann doesnt response, viewing me. I clear my throat. In the fifth time line, I am drafted as an officer into King Dirks army. Then, I saved the royal buttholes of Prince Rann and his other snobby nobles
You duped the Crown.
I view the book shelf. In the sixth time line, I was drafted into the Royal army for King Dirk for War. The War of votes not bullets, the citizens vote by using Nbots at home. Dirk concedes the War. Then, you are 
You tricked the Crown.
I nod viewing my hands. In the seventh time line, Rita is Empress of the Universe and she is in charge. I cant seem to find Dirk, anywhere. Rita kills people for lying, cheating, and stealing. I survived her wrath, giggling. Then, I conceived a plan to stop the War between Empress Rita and Prince Rann. I got caught by you and imprisoned on an island. I was the encryptionist, who broke the secret code in a deactivated mini-bot of your hiding getaway cave place...
You spied on the Crown.
I exhale, viewing the floor. In the eighth time line, I saved Dirk on a burning ram ship and for my reward I was placed in a match with Viscountess Rita for Empress of the Universe. I win
You sacrificed the Crown. Rann stares at me, when I frown.
Look! I... am trying to explain my different alien roles when I passed out then came back for some dang reason.
Please finish, he stares at me.
I toss my hands. Whatever! In the ninth time line, I was engaged to by married to Prince Rann. Then, I seriously miffed off King Dirk and get imprisoned on Sahara. Then I got seriously mad and cancelled our wedding, pauses. Rann exhales, not responding. In the tenth time line, you became Emperor of the Universe. I found Dirk alive and bandaged. He and Rita made home-made bombs and then implanted them inside the noble castles. He blew all the castles at midnight killing citizens, framing me, and dying by my hands, staring at him. My memory lane was swift and fast. I sigh with hungry.
He stands, walking. He stops and studies the outside flower garden, exhaling. I did not understand that you were trained as a warrior, before coming to my universe. He finally remarked something to me other than the occasion grunt after my long fantasy tale.
I frown, shaking my hands and curls. Im not a warrior, Im a farmer
You came out un-scathed from the burning ship, most unusual. And, you cannot go back home to Planet Earth, saving the earthlings. You do not belong, here. All this was an accident. However, your fate is set, here. This is your new home, here. Im beginning to greatly dislike Rann with his proper and nice royal manners. I wanna save my planet, my home, and my family. If these natives would listen to my radical ideas the advanced race of beings could help me, my family, my plantation, and my planet. He says. You will stay here for the rest of your natural days in my universe. The universe contains nobles and commoners. Currs is the economic system. Each planet advertises jobs and temporary living quarters for selected citizens. You can get a job like the rest of the commoners, nodding his skull. You are a farmer. I will talk with Bartholomew about a farming position on Agri growing crops and raising livestock with the Business Associates.
I exhale, viewing the window. I am the catalyst. My presence has interrupted the normal time of the universe. But, everything is wrong. The events in the new time line are not following the same natural order, either. I stare at Ranns shiny boots trying to probe his open mind using my Telepathy. I sense nothing.
He swings around, frowning. You are here and here you shall be, when Hbot opens the door. Rann twists towards the archway, walking out.
I whisper. Good night!

Day 222. private chamber suite. yellow sun. blue sky. white clouds. sunny. hot. humid. 81F. morning.
I blink my eyelashes open feeling warm and cozy under the purple blankets, without a poking limb attacking one of my body parts. Yesterday, I exited the wormhole in the burning space shuttle and landed on the green fertile world of Bonita. Ya know that planet used to be dull brown and dead. Then I was rescued by the handsome Prince Rann, the love of my life from the past nine time lines. Now, I face a new role as a farmer on Agri, without Rann.
Hello! Hbot drones at my bedside then rips the entire bed linens from my naked body. Yeah, I sleep naked making my cool and frisky. Hbot drones. You need to leave. I am required to clean the room, when I slide off the bed onto the carpet.
I hide behind the bed pillow which isnt snatched from the vicious attack, growling. I need to leave. Its sleeping hours...
Hbot strips the bed linens from the frame. The time is nine forty-five in the morning which is not sleeping hours. You have purposefully or accidental overslept due to the comfortable bed mattress or sheer emotional and physical exhaustion from your previous crash-landing on Planet Bonita. Now! I am ordering you to leave this dirty suite. This is Jubilation Day! Prince Rann requires all citizens to attend
I hide behind the mattress. Stang!
Hbot wads the bed linens into a bundle. Please, do not use that term. Prince Rann says it is not a nice word which should never be used by a noblette lady or a noble male. And, you did not present yourself at the eating table for breakfast at seven in the morning. You will have to wait until dinner which will be served at six in the evening.
Stang, whispers, I twist around then crawl over the carpet into the bathroom, slamming the door on the robot lecture. I stand, splashing cold water on my golden colored freckles. I have fifteen minutes before the beginning of the Jubilation Day activities with the reading of the lists of births, deaths, marriages, prisoners, etc, etc, etc. I sigh with rush.
And I have missed breakfast. I used to order breakfast anytime from the bots and eat in my royal room. Wait, hold the comfone, this is the Royal palace, not the Royal Inn with the royal rules of Prince Rann. I sigh with fury.
I smirk, nodding. Theres a food station inside the auditorium. I can eat there. I sigh with happiness.
I clean my clean face. I did bath, last night. I open the door, seeing nothing. I prance to the open closet, seeing nothing again. No pretty colored ribbons on any box of new clothes. I am not a noble, a commoner, just an alien. I drag my old Tele uniform from the floor, shaking off the dirt. I slowly slip on the stained smelly hot black wool jumpsuit from my slick crash-landing. I sigh with muck.
Standing in front of the mirror, the one piece jumpsuit has a high collar, two ripped long sleeves, and tailored fitted boot cut straight pants with a black leather belt. The golden embroidery letters PAC1 designate my Tele-powers. Lot of good, they do, here. I dont need them, here. I need them to save earthling, there. I sigh with disappointment.
I toss my hair with my fingers, not brushing my dirty teeth then dash out my room. Rann and I talked until midnight, last night. I was hoping for my nice gently interaction and a new gown for Jubilation Day. Aliens dont rank high on the guest list in this galaxy. I sigh with disappointment.
I stomp on clunks of red clay from my fashion boots going down the clean stairs, snoring. The hallway is cleaned and polished. No guests. No nobles. No bots. I stop inside the lobby. Quiet. Gbot hovers at the entrance doors. I prance to the right onenawthe left one, giggling. Then, I part my lips.
Gbot drones. You need to attend the Jubilation Day activities, today. Prince Rann requires all citizens to attend Jubilation Day. You do not possess a ride. You are not a guest of Prince Rann. You cannot borrow one of the royal air ships, either. You should start walking, Starra, when the right onenawright Gbot opens the door. I sigh with frustration.

Two minutes, later.
I stomp a right fashion boot, saying. Green lawn, then a left fashion boot, beige sidewalk, then a right fashion boot, yellow sunny skies. Baby blue skies. White clouds. 81 degrees, raising my palm as I walk. maybe, 90 freaking degrees in the freaking morning. I wished I was guiding in an airship too. Mean citizens of the Commerce who sail by me inside your air-conditioned new airship, I stick my tongue at the traveling airship. I see the ship dock at the red building slowly aching my pinky toes inside my ugly scuffed fashion boots. I sigh with pain.
I giggle. My piloting skills are awesome too flying these sophisticated star ships. Outer space driving is the norm, here. Space is a proven secure and safe mode of transportation jumping from planet to planet between solar systems and then through a freaking hard rock Wall. I snort.  I can pilot a ram ship, too. I drive one of these powerful starships straight through the Wall and then straight through the wormhole and right into the Milky Way Galaxy.
I stop, viewing the sidewalk then the skyline, not seeing any ram ships. Ah! Theyre all located on Tech World. Dead and dumb Dirk never thought of that particular warring space craft. I sigh with afterthought.
I scan the docking lot, seeing every configuration of ship. A limo airship holds ten people and fifteen pieces of luggage. An air bike is one person and zero bags. A zipper holds two people and three pieces of luggage. A passenger ship contains a large group like a bus. Freighters are locked and docked below the red building transporting holds hundreds of animals or citizens, depending on the day of the week. I laugh.  The entire freaking galaxy is here via Ranns freaking order. I giggle. I like the word freaking today.
I exhale, nodding and surveying. The colorful vendor booths with the pretty merchandise are closed. The Sahara vendor with sparkling precious stones, minerals, and metals is closed. The Ice booth with white, gray, tan animal furs and skins, and cold red and white animal meats and fish is closed. The Uni booth with art work, reading materials, musical discs is closed. The Bio health tent is closed, too. The Tech World set of gigantic tents of the latest gadgets from bots to starships is guarded by Ubots. I laugh, walking away from the betta not run robots from the prison cells of Sahara. 
I see. The booths for both Militia and Resort are closed, too. I mosey to the Agri booth, touching a sweaty bottle of purple Fiss, giggling.
Ten currs, please, the young girl smiles, when I dont remove my hand. The girl growls. The good food is not free, but the bad ray is, fingers the Gbot. I remove my hand, frowning and back stepping from the mean girlnawnice bottle.
I swing around wandering towards the front step of the red building with two gray side doors. Citizens elbow their way towards the entrance doors, when I T-push my body through the long line. I two-step along the wall looking for a single spot for my butthole while feeling the happy joy vibrations of Jubilation Day from the citizens inside the building. I missed the strolling people, the dancing performers, the whisking air ships, the slow moving wind bikes, the packed vendor booths, the beautiful prancing horses, the biting camels, and disgusting smelly garbage.
I stroll with a growling tummy, scanning the crowded wooden bleachers for a tiny spot for my tiny butthole. I sigh with non-noble.
I stop, clapping and see a tiny spot on the third row. I stomp on the males boot toe then bug-crawl over the females hair then shove the small child to the left. I swing around then sit in the tiny spot, not smiling. I wait with nothing else to do but start my new job on Agri.
I nod, wanting to smell fresh dirt, grass, and pretty flowers. Then, I hear. The citizens are gossiping, talking, chatting, laughing, and joking. I sigh with heartache.
The Master of Ceremonies (MC) stands in the wall corner, saying. With great honor, our ruler of the Universe, Prince Rann, when the citizens cheer, clap, whistle, hoot, and foot stomp.
Hes here. Im here. Hes performing his Royal duties as Ruler of the Universe. Im an alien from the Planet Earth doing farm work. I sigh with disappointment.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine, darling!
Dang, whispers among the laughing citizens. Things aint fine, darling! Rann and I are supposed to get married in this time. Ive tired so hard for so many times to marry the love of my life. And, I have failed so many times in that crappy attempt. This is the new time line, number eleven. I told him that I had loved him in all the different alien time lines. I told him that I was sorry, too. He didnt react to my words or sighs. I sigh with frustration.
Rann scoots smiling and waving from the tall curtains into the lightness on the stage-ness. I sigh with silliness.
He struts in his open vest. The trousers are tucked into his spit and polished knee boots with his dagger at his waist. Then, he sits inside the marvelous single golden throne chair like an emperor. His nosy subjects gather around a U-shaped figure orange colored auditorium, watching the new dog and pony show. They love him. 
Rann nods, when the MC says. The reading of the births, there are no births, when I yawn watching the Gbots hover among the citizens and looking for Dirk. O! Dirk is dead, finally. The MC says. The reading of the deaths, there are no deaths, when I watch the boy eat his food, spilling greasy contents onto his new trousers. Then, the elderly man elbows my right arm. I pull my arm into my body for both love and protection. The MC says. The reading of the weddings, there are not weddings, when the obese male shifts his sweaty body into my air space. I withdraw my arms into my body. The MC says. The reading of the baptisms there are no baptisms, the kid pulls my hair. I lean forward from the rear attack. The MC says. Are there any arguments? There are not any arguments, when the young man tosses his skull back hitting my kneecaps. I pull up my kneecaps into my chest.
The babies cry. The little boys burp. The toddler spits up on the bleachers. The citizens shift and shuffle side to side in the hot smelly room. I sigh with sea-sickness.
I wanna leave. I should stand and leave then Rann would get really mad. Im invited, requested, ordered. Pick one? I sigh with annoyance.
I see. Rann sits in oversized throne chair, alone. I sigh with envy.
The MC says. Are there any debates? There are not any debates, when I curl into a funny looking egg hugging my kneecaps into my chest standing on my tailbone, painfully from the shifting elbows, feet, and skulls. The MC says. Are there any prisoners? There are not any prisoners, today. I ponder how the natives of the unknown universe know about me. But, it is so obvious, the radio waves from Planet Earth. The invisible microwaves drift and float through space for miles and miles then the faint voices land on some distance planet, star or asteroid. Rosa is tasked with spying on earthlings. The MC says. There is a presentation, today.
I view the MC, frowning. Presentation!? Thats a new concept. Ive never seen a visual presentation from Rex or Dirk or Rita during Jubilation Day.
My T-powers ping. Everything is fine.
The MC smiles into the comlens. For recognition and appreciation from Prince Rann, the nobles, and the citizens of the universe we honor the hero for riding our universe of an evil villain. Please applaud for Starra, the alien from the Planet Earth. Please stand alien Starra. I sigh with embarrassment.
Im getting an award for both killing Dirk and being an alien. I have entered the wrong time line, definitely, yeah, woman. I sigh with shock.
The citizens clap and cheer for me. I turn strawberry colored red between my freckles then grin goofy, waving with one hand. One of the citizens shoves my bicep, nudging me to stand. Now, Im both exposed and popular in the new time line space as a good alien. Okay, some noble give me a nice office desk job, a big gigantic house with bots, and a tons of currs. Please. I giggle.
I mentally flash back into the tenth alien time line, when Dirk blew up all the noble castles including the Sahara palace after he had kidnapped me from the Royal Coronation Ball for the new ruler Prince Rann. I tired to stop the explosion but couldnt.
Now, I am back like a new batch of flea babies. Ya know I hate fleas. They get on the dogs and cats then onto your furniture and bed sheets. I wished I could use my Tele-powers to rid the world of fleas. And Im identified and accepted as an alien here. So I dont think Im going to the gallows, yet.
Come forward, the MC motions when my face appears on the comlens. The citizens stand and part for my fashion boots, when I smash my boots and whack a few biceps and skulls for my annoying fun as the alien hero. I stomp onto the floor, exhaling. I walk tall and upright, smiling and waving then stumble over my right fashion boot onto the floor, when the citizens chuckle.
I stand, waving with two hands, giggling at my silliness. I stop in front of the MC. He drops a silver medal around my neck, saying. Prince Rann, the nobles, and the commoners award this medal and then bestow citizenship into our universe on Starra, an alien from Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. Please, all citizens welcome her to her new home, he claps, nodding. I swing around, waving and smiling with two arms, two hands, and one leg shake for my fun amusement. I sigh with jolly, golly fun. I nod then bow, then smile, the giggle and then strut away from the MC. I dont bother viewing Rann who sits like a pooping on his oversized golden throne. But he watches me. I know using my Tele-powers smiling and strutting back into the bleachers, hiding among the bright smiles and brighter colors of clothing.
I mentally flash back into the eighth alien time line, when Dirk proclaimed my recognition placing a medal around my neck himself. And then he tried to kill me later.
Fine! This is my life in my galaxy. Ill accept my job and live my boring life on Agri as a new business associate. Bartholomew will hire me with my extension knowledge of crops and livestock giving me a house and then happily raise kittens and puppies on Agri. I sigh with duty.
I can survive here like ten other times, before. There is peace. No war. No Dirk. No Rann.
I sigh with alone.
The MC raises his hands when silence invades the room. Speeches?
I frown at the MC then view the citizens. Speeches?! What speeches? Whos going to speak? This is also a new concept for Jubilation Day. I sigh with intrigue.
The male stands, raising his glass to him. Hail to Prince Rann! when I exhale, the citizens clap. I slap my hands near each other, not touching on purpose. I sigh with dumbness.
The female stands, raising her glass to him. Long live Prince Rann, when I moan the citizens clap. I slap my hands, not touching on purpose. I sigh with dullness.
The second male stands, smiling and raising his walking cane to him. Long live Prince Rann, the nobles, and the citizens of the universe, when I grunt, the citizens cheer and clap. I slap my hands, not touching on purpose. I sigh with numbness.
Sahara Warriors!
Agri Farmers!
Resort Bandits!
Bless the children.
Bless the citizens.
Bless the nobles.
Some citizen shouts. Bless Prince Rann! When I groan the citizens stand, cheer, clap, whistle, and foot stomp.
Rann stands when the silence invades the room. I exhale, frowning. He commands a presence with living life forms. Thank you, citizens of the universe! I have one more item on the agenda to complete the activities of Jubilation Day, pauses, smiling. This is a wonderful day for us living in our universe. We have peace, prosperity, health, friends, and families. I have the pleasure of bringing you very good news, nodding then walks to the edge of the stage.
I exhale, gritting my teeth then survey the citizens. Every pair of eyeballs view Rann, but me. I swing my face to Rann, exhaling and pondering another dog and pony show on Jubilation Day. And, I thought Dirk was a celebrity show stopper. Rann enjoys entertaining the citizensway too much, the thrill of being the solo ruler of the universe. I sigh with kingness.
I scan the citizens, missing some faces. There arent a lot of citizens including men, women, teens, and children left in the universe. After all the different Wars in the different alien time lines, the past citizens died and disappeared and did not re-appear. Once dead, always gone!
I quickly calculate the number of rows by the number of seats available. I count 100,000 citizens including Rann, the nobles, the noblettes, and one alien. Okay. 100,001. I giggle. A very small universe I sorta helped with the depletion while trying to get Dirk, too. I did, finally, too. Planet Earth is more crowded than this set of hard floating rocks and rivers, numbering about seven million or so. However, Planet Earth is about to be no more when Mother Nature finally attacks and kills the annoying earthlings, who have destroyed the soil, sea, and sky. I sigh with sadness.
I am in love. Rann smiles and bellows like a Moo cow in heat in a dopey mopey sissy tenor timber, when the citizens clap, hoot, shout, whistle, and foot stomp. I view the stomping boot heels beside my fashion boots from my neighbor-buddies. I sigh with jealousy.
O! That explains his moody behavior last night. I see Nbots buzz around him like horse flies. I hope they knock him off the stage, too. I sigh with envy.
I have found a girl. Rann raises his arms, nodding and smiling as the Nbots and the citizens excite with cheers and claps of the great news for him, not me. A royal wedding! I am getting married. Rann nods, smiling. I just mentally said of that mind thought. I sigh with repeat.
I remembered his words to me last night. You betrayed the Crown. You duped the Crown. You I sigh with repeat again. 
I am proposing marriage today. Rann dances around the stage like a Resort monkey.
I exhale, frowning then scan the sky boxes looking for the ugly lucky noblette. I giggle. Thats hard to think: ugly lucky noblette. I dare not say it around Ranns subjects or commoners or nobles or noblettes. Okay, lets do a damage control checklist. Ann is married. Rita is married. Joy is married. Ivy is married. Viv is dead. Tok has a baby royalette. Lad has no children. Dov has no children. Queenetta Rosa is single and available for marriage. Get really real? Bartholomew has a baby royalette. I sigh with confusion.
Suddenly, it hit me. I mean. The little girl diagonally to my fashion boot has plopped her bubble gum onto my ugly fashion boot. Yucko! The gum really hit me. I shake the gum with a little T-kick down below the bleachers. I hope no kids are playing with matches for fiery flames or any teen couple is kissing down there. I giggle.
I remember. Princetta Liz, the sub-princess of Planet Sahara is Vivs biological sister. Rann, Liz, and Viv all lived and played on Sahara together having fun, eating, playing, and other noble stuff. Rann encountered her in the tenth time line, when I was going to marry him. Then, Dirk messed it up for me. Okay! I messed it up by lying to the Crown.
I shake my curls, exhaling. I sigh with past yesterdays.
Rann tattled that Tok and Liz was a hot item, once upon a time in every single alien time line. Now, Tok is married to Ivy and has dumped Liz. Yeah, Im good and right. Right now, Liz has grabbed up Rann after winning the Royal Challenge. I sigh with nausea.
My stomach flips and flops. I gotta leave before vomiting all over the nice citizens around me. Liz of title-less and planet-less will be promoted to prince-lessnawprincess. I am a dang demoted to citizenciti-zennawzennawzit, a white-puss filled pimple on a teenager face. Wait, I got a promotion today too from an alien to a citizen. I dropped the n letter moving up in the world of aliens.
I giggle. I am not the alien anymore. The rule of titles goes from the lowest of Alien, Citizen, Commoner, Loble then Noble. Yeah babe! I sigh with great disappointment.
Rann is taken, getting married. Im not getting married, no boyfriend either. Rann babbles his undying love for his new princess bride Liz. I ignore him, scanning the citizens.
I see old friends, old comrades, and dead people. The dead citizens were killed in some of the previous alien time lines. They exist, now. 
Once upon a time, there was a full universe of alive and breathing citizens and nobles. Dov, Bea, Ray, Jai, Jia, Ula, Zak, Bartholomew, Ann, Rosa, Rex, and Ivy are alive and breathing too. The whole freaking universe is here along with intact and beautiful noble castles plus the orbiting planets.
I mentally flash back into the ninth alien time line, Dirk told this would happen, when I returned back into the wormhole and then landed in the Milky Way Galaxy.
I mentally flash present it is supposed to happen for him, not me.
Im too emotional charged with jealousy, envy, hate, and heartache to use my awesome Tele-powers trying to figure out the confusion puzzle. They are numb along with my empty mind.
I wished Rann would shut the heck up. He babbles about love and marriage to his eternal princess sexy Liz. I sigh with torture.
The citizens cheer with happy. The universe is peaceful. The nobles are joyous. A royal wedding is coming. O lousy days for me! Im so sorry that I crashed landed, here, again. I sit and watch Rann. He stomps down the steps, without wearing a silly robe into the middle of the flooring when silence invades the room. I offer witness for all the citizens of the universe for my solo act of love, devotion, and dedication to my new princess-bride, when I gag then toss the bile down into my flopping stomach. I sigh with hate.
Rann kneels on his left iron and pressed white trouser leg, when the citizens cheer and foot stomp. I gag, again standing to see the dog and pony show. He pulls an object from his vest pocket. I T-peek at the object, a gigantic diamond ring glitters inside his fingertips. I sigh with jealousy.
The ring is bigger than my ring in the tenth time line. I sigh with hate.
Rann smiles and nods when the citizens cheer and jump up and down with excitement. I exhale, bouncing up and down with annoyance, being too short seeing over the tall skulls. Rann says. I propose marry to my princess-bride. I propose our bonding with this ring. I give my heart, soul, property, and title to you as my princess of the Universe, when a couple of the teen girls plus some old women faint around me. The Gbots pull the unconscious bodies from the excited crowd when I laugh my ass off. 
I whisper for my ears, only while giggling. It aint you or you or your, honey bunnies! Its title-less and planet-less Liz, the citizens jump up and down. I jump up and down, seeing.
Rann on one leg steadying his fine body like a groom then slowly raises the diamond ring into the air with both biceps budging with his popping blood vessels. And, more young girls and old women faint among the crowd when Gbots pull the dead weigh from the bleachers. Rann says. Please, humbly me. Please, marry me! Please, become my princess of the universe, pausing then smirking when more freaking young girls and old women faint and fall over more standing bodies. The citizens cheer, clap, hoot, whistle, and foot stomp. I jump up and down over the tall skulls. Rann says. Starra, I gasp then gag then pig-squeal and finally mouse-squeak. I sigh with shock.
Me, whispering for my ears, only while wrapping my arms around breasts, nodding and grinning so wide that my cheekbones might pop and bleed.
Rann shouts. Please, marry me, Starra, when the citizens quickly part for me.
I smile then stomp down the bleachers like a prancing pony. Then, I leap the three rows and daftly land on the flooring in fashion boots(not easy)then I take off running. Yes! Yes! Yes! I trip over my left fashion boot and almost hit the flooring when my T-balance catches me.
Rann gasps, standing and frowning with worry, when the citizens gasp then chuckle. I leap upright, jumping up and down while giggling and waving both my arms and hands. I calmly walk backwards. Okay! Alright! I swing around then gallop towards Rann. Rann smiles, nodding, and kneeling on his left leg again.
Then I tackle Ranns extended hands, arms, chest then face, when he lands on his back. I land on his chest as we fall backwards onto the tile. I gasp when Rann chuckles. Good move, Starra!
I giggle. Thanks! he grabs my arms holding the ring then roll us to the side. He struggles to stand then squats while assisting me. I bounce into his chest, giggling and nodding. Im impressed with your enthusiasm, Starra, he chuckles with the citizens.
Sorry! I whisper, smiling and nodding.
I guess your unpredictable but entertaining act is a confirmation of your acceptance for marriage to me, when the citizens chuckle. I nod. He kneels, again. Lets try this one more time, when the citizens chuckle as I nod, fidgeting with nervousness. He raises the ring into my freckles, while I giggle swaying side to side, seeing the ring. The diamond gleams and glistens in the bright overhead lights. Rann smiles. Please, marry me, Starra. I love you, a lot. I sigh with true love.
Im getting married, finally. Im getting my wish after nine alien time lines, finally.
I likenawlove this time line. Told ya! I knew that we were getting married.
I giggle swaying side to side, extending my right hand. Rann chuckles then frowns. Wrong hand, Starra, when the citizens laugh. 
I tuck my right hand behind my back then fling my left hand almost hitting Ranns nose. I giggle, swaying side to side. Im nervous.
Rann chuckles, winking. You nervous, the heroine of the universe? Theres a first time for everything, when the citizens chuckle. He exhales, smiling. Starra, please become my princess of the universe, when the citizens sigh. The Nbots buzz around our hair roots. Rann gently slips the ring over the edge of my finger, left hand, fourth limb. A perfect fit. I sigh with true love.
I view the ring then Rann, giggling and smiling. Okay, whispering for my ears, only.
Now! Shes quiet. Rann smiles, standing and cuddling me into his naked chest when the citizens laugh.
I pull back then shout with a little T-kick of telepathy, I am your princess, when the citizens clap, cheer, hoot, whistle, and foot stomp. He kisses my lips. I sigh with true love.
He pulls back, chuckling. Now, shes shy, when the citizens clap and chuckle.
I hug him, saying. Thank you! then, we kiss and surface with goofy grins. I love you, a lot.
Rann smiles, nodding. I love you, more. We cuddle facing the citizens. Rann says. Dismissed from Jubilation Day! The royal wedding will proceed in five days on Festival Day with a grand royal parade from the royal palace into the Game stadium. Everyone is welcomed to come and join us for our marriage ceremony with food and entertainment. Good day, yall! he chuckles into my face when I giggle. The citizens exit the auditorium with yells, cheers, and chants.
Rann hugs and kisses me, when I back step with a sweet frown. Your manner towards me last night was very confusing. Im very happy but very puzzled. I dont understand what happened last night, shaking my dirty curls.
Rann cuddles me. Let me just say that I have my reasons. But, the subject at hand, do you know how to operate the facet handle on the bathtub, he chuckles, when I giggle and nod. Very good, you are required to bath, before the wedding and hopefully taking one sometime, today would make me really happy. I giggle, nodding. Were getting married. In the meantime I am your personal bodyguard for the next five days. No external or internal phenomenon is going to interfere with our wedding plans. Ill escort you to the seamstress shop for your bridal gown fitting, first, while I plan the rest of the wedding including the thousands of white rosebuds, a white bridal cake, a chocolate grooms cake, and a curved wedding archway on the stadium field and then the white decorations at the reception hall. I dont need assistance. I want you to enjoy the rest of your free time. Once married, we have numerous royal functions and duties. Are you ready for our future, princess of the universe?
I nod, smiling. Yes. I am very ready, completely willing, and fully able.
He chuckles, nodding. I like that expression, princess.
And, I like you, prince. And, thats an old Earth expression, giggling.
He nods, walking out the door. I might use it a time or two, smiling. And, I hope you could teach me more many things that earthlings do, alien, kissing my face when I giggle. 

Planet Agri. Baron Bartholomew and Baroness Anns castle. mild. Cool. 68F. morning.
I enter the carrier ship, first. Rann scoots close then kisses me. I kiss him, while Pbot flies to
Agri. The carrier lands when Pbot opens the hatch. Rann extends his hand. I grab it, standing. Rann cuddles me when I giggle. Youre very close, Rann. If you move an inch to the left youll be standing on my foot, smiles as we tarry towards the wedding shop. I see pretty white bridal gowns.
He whispers into my eardrum. Im sorry. I just want you near me for twenty-hours per day for the next five days. I love you, a lot.
I love you, more, I giggle. We enter the room holding hand and hand while giggle and smiling.
Su stands tall and slender, smirking. Good afternoon, Your Highness!
Rann cuddles me, nodding. Su, good day, this is my lovely princess fiance Starra. Shes ready for her wedding dress fitting. I love a man, who takes charge. Rann still possesses those strong authoritative good manners, being born a natural leader. Sometimes, Rann tends to over shadow citizens, including me with his natural leader-ness, being guarded, cautious, kind, and supportive. I hope our marriage is like this. I sigh with true love.
Hey! I be ready and willing and able to get fit, I giggle, nodding.
Good morning, Rann! the sexy tall female winks and smiles touching Ranns naked bicep when I slam my hip into Ranns thigh. He chuckles and smiles at the sexy female.
Su fingers the room of fabrics, dummies, and her. Starra, this way, my assistant is waiting for you. We must fit your measurements to the dress in two days. We stroll behind Su and that sexy female then stop.
Rann kisses me then says. Im running errors. Im not supposed to see the bride or the bridal dress, hugs and re-kisses me. Ill return promptly in one hour. Dont leave until I come back. Promise me, Starra? I nod, smiling. We have more wedding details to plan out. I love you, a lot, kissing my lips then grins goofy for me.
I giggle. I love you, more, using Ranns cute expression. He hugs me then back steps away from me waving and acting silly like a high school sick puppy-fool. Then he disappears into the lobby. I hear the door close.
Su eyes me up and down, shaking his baldness. He exhales, saying. Not much volume to your skinny body but you possess a cute face. Change your clothes please, he fingers the wall with a single black curtain hanging from the ceiling. I stomp inside stripping off my smelly Tele-uniform and sweaty fashion boots. I giggle then T-circle around and around behind the curtain, slapping off almost all of the dirty invisible germs from my nakedness(yeah, Im good)then sniff. Ah, I smell nice and clean like soap bubbles. I smash the soft fabric bolt of silk around my nakedness. Then I step into the fitting room dragging the extra fabric onto the floor.
The young sexy female snaps the scissors near my eyebrows when I T-shove her butthole from my freckles. I growl, when she frowns. Su fingers the bolt of silk, saying. Cut here and there, the scissors chop the white silk. The pieces fall to the floor. Su says. Pin here and there, when she plucks the sharp pins from the sewing box then stabs my left leg though the delicate silk.
I pig-squeak then grit my teeth then yell like a little girl. Ouch! Watch it, doll, huffing with pain with an ugly frown. And I thought Dirk hated my gorgeous guts.
Su back steps, smiling and nodding. I am done! I stare at the mirror, seeing. A white cropped top with no sleeves, a v-neck collar drops way low front and back of my bodice ending in a circle around the mid-drift of my chest.
Diamonds, here? Su fingers the silk.
No! she shakes her ugly curls that need a hand brush now.
Bows there?
No! she grins with crooked yellow teeth that need a set of tooth braces, tomorrow.
Sequins here?
No! she nods her big skull that needs a lovely baseball hat, immediately. The bodice is going to be plain, no decorations, grins at me when I frown.
Su shakes his skull. She should wear some type of small decoration as the future princess of the universe.
No! she shakes her big hands that need a pair of pretty gloves, yesterday. The wedding gown is going to be elegant and majestic, just like me, slapping her big breasts with her big ugly hands, when I frown. She says. The wedding skirt will be of a circular design spreading out into a fifty-foot dress train without the decoration of any diamonds, sequins and bows, either, when I frown.
Su frowns. She will not sparkle
She says. Her wedding will be elegant like me. The wedding gown is finished. For the makeup job, she has good skin tone for her age. I would use only pink lip gloss.
Her age!? I sneer.
She needs high heeled sandals to compensate for her shortness.
Her shortness!? I sneer.
She squats at my feet like a peasant, when I giggle. Lift your left foot! Its bigger than your right, she measures the shoes against my foot. This pretty pair is too small for her big feet.
Her big feet!? I sneer.
She exchanges the sandals for another pair then I slip on the new ones. I smile, nodding. She nods, standing. These shoes fit her feet, well, exhaling. Her hair is the next problem
Her hair!? I sneer.
She shakes her stringy hair, viewing me. I dont like the idea of a sideway curl like a little girl or a rear ponytail like a horse or the long hair down the waist like a tramp
A tramp!? I sneer.
She yanks on my hair pulling back my skull into her smelly lips. The hair will be tucked into a tight bun behind the neck to show off the diamond tiara. I designed the tiara for Rann and the wedding gown will not accommodate any jewelry either. The wedding gown will like simple and majestic like me, when I frown. She places the object on my skull. The crescent shaped tiara glittering with millions of tiny diamonds on top of my hair.
Su claps, smiling. You are the foto beautiful princess of the universe.
She giggles, Not yet, there is one more item, the sash. The black sash is devoid of color and ornaments except at the bottom, a stitched design of a black panther with blood drooling from a set of sharp fangs. I didnt know that panther had fangs. 
This is the princes new crest. All the nobles have developed a royal crest along with a royal flag for the upcoming royal wedding. Were done
Royally done, I correct, giggling at my clever sentence.
Su frowns at me, fingering the curtain. You may change out of your future wedding dress, while Rann orders my future wedding cake, flowers, and groom. I sigh with excitement.
Rann stands and smiled inside the archway, when I emerge, galloping into his open arms. He says. I love you, a lot.
I giggle. I love you, more.
Rann nods. Su, thank you for your hard work, twirls me towards the doorway. He says. Were going to rush back to Commence and change. We both attend the Jubilation Dance on Agri with BA and Ann, tonight. Our royal duties have started, all ready. Life is going to very busy for us, cuddling and kissing my face. We exit, standing at the carrier.
Pbot sits inside the cockpit of the carrier, when four tall golden-colored shiny robots surround the ship. I gasp when Rann cuddles me. Lbot or lady bots, I personally designed, constructed, and have hand given my gift to you, princess-bride. The robots are your personal attack computer security system armed with hidden weapons consisting of darts, daggers, masers, swords, and spears. I giggle. Ranns so overprotective of me.

Commerce, dead Dirks castle. hot. heated afternoon.
The carrier ship and four Lbots land on the docking pad of the former Lady Rita and dead Lord Dirk. I clarify dead Lord Dirk. I repeat it over and over again inside my mind.
The entire mansion is fully lighted and newly painted smelling the fumes of new paint as the bright lights blind my eyeballs. I sigh with annoyance.
Pbot opens the hatch when I see. The castle possesses an array of polished chartreuse stones. The gardens contain flowers and vines of rainbow colors and aesthetic smells of living plants and small animals such as doves, pigeons, squirrels, and rabbits. A new stone wall goes around the perimeter of the courtyard in chartreuse. The Lbots escort us. Two fly in front of us. Two fly in the rear of us towards the double doors. Dirk painted it, before his demise.
I mentally flash back into the third alien time line when I wanted to purchase Dirks Bonita castle on Commerce. He wanted one million currs of his true property, not mine.
I mentally flash present I have used and abused the old house for almost all eleven alien time.
Im sorry, he cuddles me. I wanted you to stay in the east wing of my palace for your protection, of course. Rex and Rosa insisted that it was inappropriate behavior for the noblette of Bonita and future princess of the universe, exhales. I still didnt concur. Therefore you are using the old Bonita mansion with Ritas permission. Rita owned it after marrying Dirk in the tenth time line. We stop inside the living-room. He hugs me, saying. If you need me alert the bots immediately Ill be here in a flash. And I will always worry about you. I love you, Starra. I sigh with true love.
I love you, Rann, we kiss. He back steps towards the double doors, smiling and nodding. I blow invisible kisses, giggling and acting really silly like a love sick teen. Wait, I am a love sick teen being 17 years, 7 months, 7 days, 7 hours, 7 months, and 7 seconds (Earth time). I sigh with true love.
I watch Rann fly away then spin towards the side door. The four Lbots block my view when I two-step right. I see. The interior likes the same large and sparely decorated in painted chartreuse wall colors. There is a sofa and two matching chairs. No wall paintings or artwork only a small shelf of glass figurines in the corner. I giggle. Rita took the furniture, too. I sigh with delight.
I race up the stairs behind Hbot when it opens the door. The bedroom interior likes the same, large and chartreuse, the Bonita theme color. I giggle, when Hbot flies backwards from the archway. I slam the door then twirl around.
I close my eyelashes then open my eyelashes. I see the Lbot. Two-step right, Lbot, when the Lbot hovers a little more over from my narrowed eyelashes. Then I see the closet is filled with gowns, shoes, accessories, and jewelry. I sigh with beauty.
I need a dress for tonight the first Jubilation Ball with Rann, my future prince. I sigh with true love.
I giggle, skipping off the boots then striping into nakedness towards the bathroom. I bath and change into the black gown: v-neckline to belly button in front and butthole crack in back; a bow at waist; a straight skirt with four-foot dress train. That train is going drag behind my butthole for miles and miles and miles. I laugh hoping I dont trip over the plant bushes again and again.
Well, Rann will have to save mynawmy dress.
I prance to the jewelry box opening the tiny doors. I see every shape and size of jewelry from Rann: bracelets, necklaces, finger rings, earrings of pearl, diamond, ruby, emerald, sapphire, jade, gold and silver. I gasp. I sigh with danger.
I stare at the small wooden box on the flat bottom then lift and study it. I feel vibrations, sensations, and aliveness. I place the box carefully upon the bureau and then pry open the lid. I cannot believe my eyes. A single gold bracelet lives inside the box. I lift the bracelet feeling the smooth gold of the band then see. A black gem stone. I really did find another 500,000 year old black diamond.
I mentally flash back into the fourth alien time line, when Dirk held a maser to my freckles. I dove down into the depths of the Bonita Ocean collecting a black diamond. Then, I got ate by a hairy earthworm the size of a whale.
I careful re-wrap the stone in the velveteen cloth then place inside the box, closing the lid. I hid the object in my undergarment drawer. I sigh with worry.
The overhead light go out when I stand in the lightness, yall. The window curtains are open showing the sunset. I exhale, pondering. The time line events are not occurring in previous order of death. Then, I laugh my girly bow off. Rita forgot to pay the electricity bill.
I mentally flash back into the seventh alien time line, when I conned Empress Rita out of Bonita mansion I could not get access to my curr account to pay my bills. I did not have a min-bot. Therefore, the electricity and water utilities were shut off.
I nod using my unconventional method of energy. Tele power! I slap my hands together creating heat then apply to the wall. The heat radiates each wall glowing in pretty bright illumination. I giggle. Im a princess in five more days.
I shiver feeling odd inside an empty castle of dead Dirk. Stang, spins towards the archway. I wander down the hallway following my Tele-powers, leading to another private suite. I sense. Empty! I gently tap on the door frame then open the door, seeing. Empty! I step towards the sofa extending my shaky hand then pull the blanket off. A golden talisman!
I mentally flash back when into the first alien time line when Lady Rosa gave me the golden talisman from her father. 
I touch it. No sensation. I whip my hand back then touch it, again. No sensation. I frown then grab it with two palms. I receive nothing. It is dead, a simple gold ornament. I sigh with mystery.
I flip it back upon the blanket then spin around, exiting the room.

Baron Bartholomew and Baroness Anns castle. starry night. 68F. evening.
This is our first official date since being engaged at the Jubilation Ball this morning. I giggle. The gownnawthe gal glistens and glitters in the bright overhead lights which are attached to my bedroom mirrors. I giggle.
My long hair covers my bare back when I touch the door knob.
The door swings open with Rann standing and staring at the Lbot.
Two-step left, Lbot, when it hovers out of my view. Then I see and smile.
He frowns then smiles. Starra!? You arent supposed to leave your castle, without me. You arent supposed to be, here with me. Im your official escort. I was coming to pick you up.
I hug him, pouting. I hug, first then reprimand, last, nodding.
Rann chuckles, cuddling me. I sorry. You are, here. You look divine like a princess. In four more days you will be my princess. So, get used to the title and my worry about you all the time, kissing my lips. And, please dont leave anywhere, without me by your side. Agreed? I nod, giggling. Dont start with me, my young princess! Rann is so preciously paranoid and lovingly overprotection. I like it, totally. I sigh with security.
We walk through the castle then enter the air limo with Gbots. Two robots are perched on each side of the rear panel guarding with armed masers. Pbot drives to the same green-colored Agri mansion precisely at four in the afternoon. 
We stroll up the steps when the pair of bots in green bowties opens the double doors. I giggle, smiling. So charming!
Rann snuggles into my neck, whispering. You are indeed, charming.
I giggle, The bots, silly.
He smiles, not stomping on my naked baby blue toenails. What bots?
We waltz into the open lobby veering towards the staircase leading to the upper floors. The stairs drape with couples. Children dance up and down the stairs carrying Food. My appetite tingles with delight, not food, either. I ate dinner at my noble castle, before coming here. Im too excited to leave Ranns hand gripe for one second. This is my first official date with Rann, since I cant remember.
I mentally flash back into the tenth time line, when we didnt date much as a social couple. Rann was running for King competing with Dirk and Bartholomew.
We move slow and graceful while hand shaking, face kissing, and back slapping on citizens hanging onto the stairwell. I try not to stumble over my black train of my elegant gown or trip over the beautiful people, who talk with us. Rann holds my gloved hand very tight remembering I trip, too.
We meet a handsome green-robed BA and an emerald jeweled-Ann on the second floor. She wears her brown straight hair in a bun behind her neck looking healthy and fit not pale skinny and skeletal frail. She dresses in a green satin gown, emerald earrings, necklace, one bracelet with white gloves, and an emerald sparking tiara. I dont check her ankle. There might have been a bracelet or two around each limb, also.
I exhale, giggling and smiling. I nod my curls for dram and fund. Im trying to be good, yall. This is the eleventh time line for me. I know these nobles and noblettes front and back and front and back stabbing.
BA shakes Ranns hand, chuckling. Rann!? I mean, Your Highness, welcome to my palace fit for a baron. Ill glad the competition ended, without losing a leg, winks at Rann.
Ill always be Rann to you, buddy. Rann slaps his back.
BA shakes my hand then kisses my glove, smirking. The portrait of a princess, welcome to palace, Lady Starra! I am Baron Bartholomew and my wife Baroness Ann, fingers the top level. Our dinner-hall is open. You can grab a seat before the entertainment of the evening. Enjoy your stay, Starra and Rann, nodding. They stomp down the staircase, leaving us. 
I mentally flash back into the first time line, when I fell in love with Baron Bartholomew. He gave me a diamond engagement ring for our upcoming marriage that didnt happen.
Rann grabs my hand dragging me along the tile. I tap the Tele-air waves for Dirk. I dont see, feel or sense Dirk. Dirk is really dead and gone. I sigh with contentment.
Rann fingers the room on the right. BA added a new dance hall, a new banquet room, and a new recreational wing. Anns idea! And, I can read your mind, too. Im like you, full of surprises. You know every noble and noblette. And no one remembers you but me. So, we continue to walk and talk then leave, right out this door, he opens a side door. I view the lighted stairs, frowning.
Were leaving!?
This is the Jubilation Ball. If I remember correctly, jubilation means fun and celebration. Were leaving the boring dinner. I got food and drinks at home, too, winking. I giggle, cuddling into his chest as we stomp down the back steps of the Agri mansion. 

Day 223. Starras castle. cool. cloudy. morning. 70F.
The door sounds with a piccolo ting, when I dash downstairs. Rann is very early at seven in the morning. He is supposed to arrive at nine picking me up for the royal noble committee meeting. I sigh with surprise.
I dash into the wood then slam open the door. A tall robot hovers before my eyelashes holding an arm bouquet of red long stemmed roses in one metal limb and a wrapped box of gold paper in the. I giggle. I sigh with shock.
The robot floats inside the living-room, while I back step, frowning with puzzlement. The robot halts then sings in baritone harmony. Good morning, Sweetheart! Good morning, Sweetheart! Sweet morning to you, I love you, a lot. Your devoted, loving, and jealous Prince Rann. I giggle accepting the flowers and box of chocolate. I love chocolate. Chocolate loves me and so does Rann. I sigh with true love.
Whats your designation? I tear open the box of chocolates for breakfast. I dont cook but eat.
Vbot! I am a love robot, the golden metal machine drones.
I chew, frowning at the golden metal. Vbot, what is your designation number?
Vbot sounds just like Ranns baritone when I giggle. Vbot drones. I have no designation number. I am an original. I am the property of Prince Rann. I am programmed to bring his princess bride gifts of love. Therefore, I am the love robot, Vbot. Good day, Lady Starra! A special robot model built just for me! Ill have to reward that boy with something special, today. I sigh with true love.
At nine in the morning, the door chime pings. Ranns here. I gallop the staircase in an elaborate pink gown sleeveless at the shoulders wearing a pink diamond necklace and a matching tiara. He cracks the door open, calling. Good
I rip the door knob from his hand then slam the wood against the wall. I catch Rann before his face hits the flooring from my lovely attack when he wraps his arms around me. We twirl and swirl in circles around the empty room dancing, while Rann chuckles and smiles. Then, Rann stops, still smiling. I smile and sing in soft soprano, hugging on Rann. Good morning, Sweetheart! Good morning, Sweetheart! Sweet morning to you, I love you, a lot. Your devoted, loving and jealous princes, giggling then kiss him.
I love you, more. Rann kisses me. Hey, yall! I like this kissing stuff. Turn the page, if you want other action! I sigh with true love.
Rann cuddle me and my ruffle dress towards the limo. We enter, meet in the middle then kiss. We hug then kiss, more.

Ranns castle.
Rann swings my gloved hand back and forth when the Honor Guards open the palace doors, then the conference doors. We sit at the front of the table with the nobles and pregnant noblettes. Rann sits, smiling. Good afternoon, yall! Starra and I arent selecting any particular theme. We encourage you to plan your noble float as desired. This wedding is for a real enjoyment, not a royal decree.
BA nods, smiling. Im going to provide for your wedding three rows of my finest horses for the wedding parade. The first row will be small brown ponies, followed by medium-sized black Morgans, and finally tall white and black Appaloosas, when Ann whacks his arm.
Our gift is from the both of us, Starra and Rann for your wedding ceremony, Ann smiles. Bartholomew seems to forget that Ann is beside him.
Three rows of pressed and iron blue uniformed Militia officers including land, air, and sea guards are ready for the parade with weapons, compliments of Mar and me, when the royals chuckle with Rann. I dont chuckle, frowning at Rann. I dont want weapons, only kisses at our wedding. I sigh with suspense.
Marquis Tok nods, smiling. Planet Resort will provide booths for the younger children to play and entertain themselves during the ceremony with a clown set, elephant and pony rides, a monster mini-stage play from us, he sips the water then hugs on Ivy. Rann nods.
And, Ill provide all the children Governor Jon laughs with nobles.
And, Ill provide Bbots for all the sick upset and healing patients on Bio. Priest Ito laughs with the nobles, too. We dont want them missing the Wedding of the Universe. 
Rita and I will provide sky ships with large trailing painted banners and sky writing messages announcing the wedding of Starra and Rann. Lad nods, while Rita fakes a smile.
Rann nods, patting my hand then says. Starra and I would like to ask Ty and Joy to accept our greatly role as Matron and Master of Honor for us.
Ty nods to Joy. She smiles, nodding. Then Ty bows to us while patting on Joys hand, nodding and smiling. We are both most honored to serve as Matron and Master of Honor for you and Starra, when the nobles clap.
Rex clears his throat, smiling. Last, but not least, Rosa and I will take great pride in officiating the wedding of the future couple as Prince and Princess of the Universe, standing and clapping along with the nobles. Rex says. And with that, the wedding bride and groom are dismissed from their royal duties for the next five days. The nobles and pregnant noblettes exit the room.
Rann cuddles me, saying. Im finally getting married to the love of my life. And for the next five days Ive cancelled the appointments, rescheduled the staff meetings, and hired a substitution King, when Ty and Joy step into the room. They chuckle, smiling at us, when I frown. Tys substituting for me this week on the throne. My best friend in the universe is doing this as a great big favor jumping feet first at the chance to be King for a day, well, for a week. The experience could come in handle later on, too. So, we can be together before our wedding for five whole days and nights. You and me just the two of us. This is our time together, a dating ritual like on Planet Earth, I giggle, nodding. This is fun playtime before our official Royal duties begin, cuddling and walking towards the docking deck. Are you interested in getting a suntan? Rann grins, nodding. The noble private island in the Resort Ocean, yes, we can spend the afternoon in the sun and the evening in the sand then fly back tomorrow morning for the Game, nodding. Today is the Festival Day. The citizens are stunning at the noble loss. So Ive cancelled all sport, school, and work activities for the next two days. The Game will be played, tomorrow afternoon. Well return and enjoy the Game as spectators rooting for the Commerce Royalists, of course. Rann chuckles.
I toss the arm, not wrapped around Rann. Go royal team! Are they any good? I laugh when Rann frowns.
He views the wall, nodding, softly moans. Of course, the royally inherited team is the best team in the universe. I trained and whipped the little players into shape for the upcoming Championship of the Universe competition, views me, chuckling. The Sahara Warriors team is the best in the universe owned by Ty and Joy of Planet Sahara.
I giggle and view the wall then him. Im so glad I am on a winning team.
Rann nudges my neck. Stick with me, kid! Youll always be on a winning team.
Earth humor.
Right on, baby! Rann chuckles with me.
More Earth humor!
I be swift.
I be swifter, always and forever, Your Highness, giggling. Rann is so preciously protective, supportive, kind, loyal, helpful, caring, compassionate, encouraging, and accommodating to me. The perfect man. The perfect husband. The perfect King. I sigh with true love.
Thats my princess. Enter my flying chariot! Im most eager to race ya to the sand barge, not back, he winks slamming the hatch shut, when I giggle.

Planet Resort. Resort Ocean. Noble Island. Sand. Hot. Heated. 91F. afternoon.
Im so excited about the sun, the water, the sand, the king, and my pink bikini. I sigh with true love.
I feel his hand in my hand, the sunshine on my naked shoulders, the salt air on my tongue and the rough wind on my face.
I mentally flash back into the seventh alien time line, when I lived on the Noble Island for three days before Rita found us.
I walk to the edge of beige-colored shoreline dipping my toes into the warm water, giggling. The ocean waves rush and wash over my neon green-painted toes up to my ankles. The ocean salt water is warm, feeling good to my cold toes. I view with naked eyeballs horizontal miles of blue and green colored oceans, then view vertical miles of bright blue skies. I hear with my Tele-eardrums the music of the marine life in the water from whales. I T-see the splash prints of seal lions then spot the deadly pursue of a pod of hungry sharks, the cycle of life. Beautiful, whispering.
Rann comes from behind, wrapping his arms around my waist. Yes! You are beautiful, always and forever
I giggle. The whale songs are pretty, too
just like you, Rann kisses my shoulder, when I giggle.
I T-view the sea turtles, dolphins, starfish, jelly fish, sea horses, and gold fish playing, feeding and dancing around the pink reefs. I giggle. Flattery gets you more kisses.
What does flattery, compliments, and food get?
A wedding, I giggle, when Rann smiles. He kisses my hand then elbow then my shoulder. I dont see any nobles, markets, airships, citizens, bot, war, conflicts or Dirk
Rann swings mea round. Dirk is dead. No more talk of the noble. Its just you and me, always and forever. In four more days, well be married. I sigh with relief.
I finger around his body blocking my advancement, giggling. What about our competitive sand race?
He grabs me arm stumbling us into the soft sand and warm water. What sand race?

Luna Island. Full moon. 75F. starry night. evening.
I hold his hand walking and giggling towards the coral reef natural bridge. Rann stops then I lead on the coral stone pathway. I carefully step with a touch of Telekinesis my right five naked toes then my left naked toes onto each pink rock covered with salt water. The mounds are kinda slippery.
Rann follows behind in case I purpose fall back onto his face. I giggle. I dont really want another bath, without the bubbles. The salt water is cool in the evening temperatures. I T-leap then land on the cool rock. I swing around, seeing.
Rann leaps into the air like a tiger, growling then daftly lands two naked feet onto the cool rock right in front of me, when I present an ugly set of duck lips. Rann chuckles, grabbing my hand. Your face is going to freeze with that ugly sneer, if you dont giggle, Starra, he swings me to the picnic tablecloth.
Howda ya, I frown at him then look behind my collar bone at the far distance. 
Rann stops at the dinner table on the rock, fingering. Wbot packed all our food stuffs. I dumped the contents over the tablecloth. So we can pick and choose the food item. Sit, Starra! he assists me to sit on the tablecloth then selects a piece of shrimp. He holds the seafood, when I scan the islands. Rann says. This is my favorite island. Luna translates into the word moon. Luna Island is for lovers. The island is carved in a geometric shape of a heart. 
I mentally flash back into the seventh alien time line, when I got an of a heart moon using my Teleclairvoyance then I tracked down the rebels including Prince Rann.
I frown at the starry night, fingering the nakedness. I am not seeing things.
Rann nods, selecting another shrimp. I removed the statutes made from granite and rock minerals. They looked kinda like, when I nod, seeing the full moon light in Ranns smile. I feel his heat from our closeness. Youre so breathtakingly beautiful in the moonlight, Starra.
I hear his heart beat, smell his cologne, and feel his wicked smile. My heart beats faster. My pulse races. My mind clicks with wicked thoughts. Rann kisses my lips. I love you, Starra.
I love you, Rann. I sigh with true love.

Day 224. Commerce. game stadium. royal skybox. light rain. partly cloudy. 72F. morning.
At seven in the morning, the door chime pings. Rann is not out there. I gallop down the staircase in my pajamas, robe, and naked feet. I rip the door knob then slam the wood against the wall.
Vbot hovers before my eyelashes holding an arm bouquet of red long stemmed roses in one metal limb and a wrapped box of gold paper in the. I giggle. I sigh with non-shock.
Vbot floats inside the living-room when I back step from the tall shiny heavy metal but smile with my present. It halts then sings in baritone harmony of Ranns voice. Good morning, sweetheart! Good morning, sweetheart! Sweet morning to you, I love you, a lot. Your devoted loving and jealous Prince Rann. I giggle accepting the flowers and the box of chocolate. Vbot drones then flies backwards from me. Good day, Lady Starra! I sigh with true love.

Game day.
Substitute King Ty had decided to eliminate the Noble Parade on Game day. Good decision! He should be Ruler of Universe then I can have Rann all to myself for the rest of my life. And, my life is feeling and looking pretty good now. Rann and I ride inside a two-seater airship towards the Game stadium while waving and smiling at the happy citizens. There is no war, no conflict sand no more Dirk. I sigh with relieve.
And Im the first ship in line, not last. About time, honey? Pbot slows the speed. The game stadium looks the same, nine-stories high, four city blocks wide holding 500,000 men, women and children.
I mentally flash back into the second alien time line, when the Game was attacked by a fleet of ram ships. Thousands of citizens were killed.
Pbot parks when Rann assists and drags me and the dress out of the carrier ship. We take the convenience elevator up towards the royal skybox. We giggle inside the cozy elevator for our queue from the Master of Ceremonies (MC) hearing the nosily citizens behind the metal.
The Master of Ceremonies says. Presenting, the Commerce noble and noblette, Prince Rann and Lady Starra. Im not a princess, yet. Three more impatient and gut wrenching hurry-up days and night, then I will. He shuffles like a prince in his open vest and shiny knee-high boots, when I waddle in my gray off the shoulder ankle-length gown from the skybox, not the dark tunnel into the bright yellow sunlight and blue skies. We wave and smile like a royal couple, yall, when the citizens clap and cheer. The band plays a rousing fanfare with trumpets and drums.
The Royal sky box is located on the sixth level at the 50-yard line of the manicured field, providing an excellent view of the trimmed grass field, bleeding and dying Game players, and the well dressed nobles and noblettes inside their theme-colored sky boxes. 
I mentally flash back into the ninth alien time line, when I was a Game-kicker for the Bonita Loyalists and Dirk was my coach.
The MC says. Please sit, let the game begin! The band plays. The citizens cheer. The players grunt and run chasing the round ball.
I waddle my dress hemline towards the chair when Rann pulls me close, whispering. Im kidnapping you from the game, today. We did our part showing up and smiling. Now, we leave. I got food, drink, and a comlen at my palace just for two people, when I giggle.
I love you, a lot, cuddling into his chest.
I love you, more, Rann swings us towards the elevator. I swoon with true love.

Day 225. Planet Resort. Marquis Tok and Marquise Ivys hotel. Bright. Hot. 85F. morning.
At seven in the morning, the door chime pings. Rann is not out there. I gallop down the staircase in my pajamas, robe, and naked feet. I rip the door knob then slam the wood against the wall.
Vbot hovers before my eyelashes holding an arm bouquet of red long stemmed roses in one metal limb and a wrapped box of gold paper in the. I giggle. I sigh with non-shock.
Vbot floats inside the living-room, while I back step, smiling with my present. It halts then sings in baritone harmony of Ranns voice. Good morning, Sweetheart! Good morning, Sweetheart! Sweet morning to you, I love you, a lot. Your devoted, loving, and jealous Prince Rann. I giggle accepting the flowers and the box of chocolate. Vbot drones then flies backwards from me. Good day, Lady Starra! I sigh with true love.

the Wall. cold black outer space. minus 1000 degrees.
Rann zooms across black outer space in his new zipper, when I see the Wall. The big massive object is made of space rock, space debris, and space stuff that I cant penetrate, without my awesome Tele-powers plus a zipper. Rann doesnt slow down either, when I finger the Wall. I see
Rann nods, A small opening on the low end of the Wall. Ill take it. Or Ill take it, later, winking at me, when I hold my breath. Rann hasnt display any Tele-powers in this new time line, when I grab the door handle for a quick evacuation into the outer space. He accelerates, not decelerates the engines then fires the three afterburners into maximum light speed. We violently plunge through the hard rock and dense space debris then roughly travel and then fly out into other side of Wall. He chuckles. Good show! Did ya think?
Howda ya, thumbing behind my left shoulder, dropping my mouth.
You would have been faster. I concede. I admit your Tele-powers are awesome, Starra. You can fly on the return trip home. Hows that side car driver? he chuckles then angles the zipper towards Resort. He nods, turning the volume of the speaker from the Controller. He smiles. Were going to play in the Conqueror Tournament. Todays the first day of the competition. And, I will win
I giggle, singing in piccolo music. Hmm! Maybe, the best noble will win
Me!
Me!
Im the boss. Its me, darling! I wink at Rann when he chuckles.

Hotel.
We walk arm and arm into the orange auditorium consisting of yellow tables, mumbling citizens, and anxious players. Marquis Tok and his wife Marquise Ivy stand together arm and arm on the purple stage.
I mentally flash back into the first alien time line, when I entered the Conqueror Tournament with a bag of stolen currs.
Each table holds a set of player plus a Conqueror robot or Cbot. Cbot is dresses in an indigo glittering bowtie looking cute. Cbot acts as a card dealer, an announcer, and a referee. It deals the cards, handles the currs, and distributes the jackpot to the Conqueror winner of each match.
The player number, not name is displayed on the electronic board. The Conqueror rules and regulations allow only one game and one winner from each table, who advances to the next round, tomorrow evening. This is a high stake, risk taking, one-shot deal, where the winner takes all and the loser gets nothing. I sigh with competition.
The casino uses a standard fifty-six card deck, including four wild cards, the Conqueror cards. The wild cards can represent any value but must be called before a players card hand is turned up in the metal tray for auditing. Each player is dealt five cards. Player in seat number one starts the betting. 
Rann and I two-steps into the wall allowing the rest of the player to settle into their seats. He winks at me when I giggle.
I win. I connect, link, and Tele to Rann then laugh for fun. Rann cant hear me but not respond.
I win. Rann connects, links, and Teles back to me then laughs.
I drop my mouth, when he waves at Tok. Tok and Ivy wave at us when Rann elbows my rib cage. Be a good princess, wave to Tok and Ivy! I wave with my free hand when Rann drags me into the archway. Shall we go, sweetheart? Were done our thing! I got a reservation on the penthouse suite. You arent afraid of heights. Are you, princess? He kisses my lips when I giggle. I love you, a lot.
I love you, more. We swing towards the hallway then pad to the elevator, entering.
I hear the voice of Tok say inside the auditorium as the elevator doors slide shut. Welcome to my home Resort.

Day 225. Planet Uni. Governor Jon and Governess Jos temple. Cold. Crisp. 63F. morning.
I plant a thigh-high leather boot into the brown soil from the zipper holding an arm of rose long stemmed roses, without the stinging thorns from Vbots personal delivery of Ranns gifts, this morning. And, I wear the latest gift from my love, a one piece outfit: gray and diamonds.
I and my outfit glitter and gleam in the dull sunlight on Uni. Rann designed this outfit for me.
A single shoulder band of gray fabric runs from my right collar bone across my chest, displaying a big diamond brooch sewn into the fabric. The shoulder band flames with a small cape fluttering and flapping against my edge of my straight skirt like a princess of the universe. The waistline is pulled fabric with a diamond-stubbed belt. Wow! I love my outfit and my man. I sign with true love. 
And a new pair of gray leather thigh-high boots housing a silver blade and hilt diamond encrusted dagger. I hope that I dont need to use my new toy. Dirks dead. Im alive. Ranns safe. Were getting married. I sigh with true love.
I fall into Ranns bicep then he kisses my pink-painted lips. He smiles. You are beautiful, sweetheart! He pulls back swinging me like a dancer. He fingers. I have a surprise but I think you might guess it before I announce it, when I halt, seeing. 
An orange temple lies 3,000 feet away, perpendicular to the grand stands on my left and a seventy foot high stone orange wall on my right. Over the wall is a forest of overgrown trees, numerous plants, bushy bushes, assorted wild flowers, flying insects, chirping birds, jumping squirrels, running rabbits, and hunting foxes. I smell their animal fur lingering the air.
I mentally flash back into the second alien time line, when I was kidnapped by Dirk and brought to the temple for target practicing on me.
Rann and I stroll along the grass. He chuckles with an evil sound. This is the perfect spot to house and train my new Tele-warrior army just in case of another War. The warriors come from the Sickness patients morphing into newbie Teles. They average four per week lying with fevers inside the Bio Medical Center. Ito personally observes then graduates them to here for their personal Tele-training. I have taught Jon and Jo along with their staff. Were here to inspect the troops, princess, he laughs when I drop my mouth then close it. Rann halts, snapping his fingers. Four muscle bound Honor guards strut and stand between us, looking over six feet in sparking orange body armor. Dont worry, yall. Rann is supposed to snap his fingers then every single citizen jumps three-feet or less in height. This is the new secure for the new almost there princess of the universe. Rann is acting like Dirk well and alive. Or Dirk is injured and alive.
I sigh with kitty-cat curiosity.
I grit my teeth then snort with invisible air smelling the Honor guards overwhelming cologne then exhale. I view Ranns nose profile. Rann, why do we
He smiles and nods, cuddling me. We will the Prince and Princess of the Universe in two days. This is only semantics, Starra, winking at me. I gotta get the Honor guard unit trained for the wedding ceremony. I dont them messing up our royal ceremony. I will not be forgiving, growling. The Honor guard stops when we sit inside the middle of the grand bleachers.
The gong sounds with a dull thud. I blink my eyelashes close the open then finger. I growl, seeing. Three rows of children ranging in ages from five to seven years old wear orange jumpsuits and hold a rock.
Rann nods, saying. Every one trains in the Tele-army including children. Everyone here possesses one or two Tele-powers. The Tele-powers must be both contained and controlled, Starra. You understand the importance of any and all Tele-powers used under a calm and controlled environment. The object on the other side of the field is a batch of stuffed dummies made of straw and grass, when the gong sounds for a second time ringing inside my eardrums. My mind clicks with wild thoughts. The children lift then toss the rocks. Some rocks hit a dummy, the other hit the grass. The gong sounds for a third time. The children march off the field. Rann stands, nodding to the nobles. Jon and Jo nod, waving back to us.
Excellent. He connects, links, and Teles to them.
I drop my mouth hearing the mental exchange when Rann drags me from the bleachers. We quickly scoot down the stairs. The gong sounds for a fourth time. I see rows of school children around nine, ten, and eleven years old. He says, walking towards the zipper. This group of children uses small tree branches as their weapons. Pre-teen and teens use darts. Young adults use spears. Middle-aged adults train with arrow. Older adults used daggers. Advanced adults use swords. Once the Tele-warrior has advanced to the last stage, then the Jon and Jo use their defensive weapons on an individual warriors Tele-shield, he raises the hatchway, frowning. I know that you dont approve at the moment. I have lived and re-lived too many reinvented time lines, where the enemy has dominated and conquered me and the universe, exhaling. Ive been selected and elected as the king by the citizens for both their protection and security. Im not letting any more citizens die under my royal reign, including you. We can discuss this matter, later, if you wish, sweetheart. Right now, Ill kiss your lips, kissing me. He smiles. Now! Were off and finding lunch, winks then assists me into the seat. He slams the hatchway.

Planet Agri. barn stables. cool. slight breeze. bright sun. 68F. morning.
I hold Ranns hand walking among the beautiful flower gardens behind the ugly Agri castle. I smell the floral, grass, plants, trees, and fresh cut hay. Then I see the twin Appalachian horses Athena and Apollo are saddled neither are Boe and Doe, their parents. Apollo stomps his hoof then prances to Rann inside the pasture. Rann leans into the wooden railing, smiles while rubbing Apollos forehead then shoulder. You remember me, when Athena stomps her hoof strolling beside her brother. I stand beside Rann petting and stroking her long silky white mane then produce an apple. She snatches it from my palm when I giggle. Rann says. Apollo and Athena know the valley pathway into the secret getaway woodland spot. So theyll lead. The ranch hand lifts the gate, when Apollo rears then leaps into the air galloping out the pasture then stops. He waits for his sister. Athena arches her neck letting her white mane fall to one side. She prances behind her twin brother. They trot into the open clearing then halt, grazing the grasslets while waiting for us. I frown with confusion, fingering the escaping horses when Rann grabs my arm. He kisses my elbow then my hand then each knuckle, when I giggle. He uprights, cuddling me. Boe, Doe, Athena, and Apollo are wedding gifts from Bartholomew and Ann. However, well be flying on that, when I follow Ranns fingernail. He chuckles. A hover cart. Its packed with our delicious lunch for an afternoon of exploring the mountains and streams, before we begin our royal duties in two more days. And, I get to snuggle into your arms, without the smelly horse hair, chuckling. I scoot inside, when Rann slides next to me, bumping my hips then he chuckles. Then he kisses every body part while the cart trails behind the galloping horses, instead of chatting. I sigh with true love.

creek stream.
The programmed machine halts before the twin trees, the creek stream, and the two-person picnic table. The horses quietly nibbling on the fresh baby grass. The sun light sneaks between the green leaves missing a cooling spot of shade. We walk hand and hand then stop at the cooling spot of shade. 
I mentally flash back into the first time line, when I visited here.
Rann and I giggle, spread the blanket then munch on the food. Rann scans the woodlands, smiling. A foto of calm beauty serenity! After were married we clear a hiking pathway for horse riding towards the rear of our thickly wooded property. Well build a wooden bridge across the stream then build a covered gazebo under the shade trees with a picnic table like here on Bartholomews ranch. We can go there, every evening for our suppertime, dinnertime and our anytime, licking my dirty hand with food.
I giggle. I like when you change the universe for me, sips on my drink.
Rann clears his throat, breaking his bread. May I ask how did you change the universe here?
I tongue the soggy bread from my teeth then smack my lips. I nod, saying. When I entered the universe as the catalyst I changed one citizen in this universe, Dirk. He was able to see who I really was, an alien. Being Rosas brightest Tele-student along with his talented Tele-powers, he recalled all the events, incidents, accidents from all the previous time lines that I created as an alien. Dirk remembered me. I remembered Dirk and all the events, too. Then, he started our catfight tossing my butthole into a starship for a one-way journey back into the wormhole. Then, my final destination was supposed to be home on Planet Earth. However, I never got that far into the wormhole. I was always vomited back out into this galaxy. So, I decided to eliminate Dirk in the first time line then finally did in the last time line, being with you always and forever.
Rann licks the food from lips then kisses my wet mouth. My precious, thats the reason you are her with me. I find that, intriguing. No other citizen recalls your past movements within a new time line, except for me. You are endowed with the catalyst charm. Rann mentioned.
I giggle flipping my dirty hand of food. I was endowed the catalyst charm. Dirk had endured the catalyst curse. He said the curse allowed him to flow with me back and forth in all the time lines attached to the universe but you and the other nobles however remain fixed in time just riding it out like an ocean wave. I added.
Rann scratches his growing beard. I must admit. Thats an interesting quantum theory. How did Dirk figure this out?
Dirk got all his information from that big nasty smelling red Book. Dirk was the catalyst curse. I was the catalyst charm. Good citizen. Bad citizen. Rightness. Wrongness. Goodness versus badness. I guess all that can apply here.
Rann frowns, shaking his skull. Something else is missing. Something else is wrong with that sketchy theory. Dirk left something out, on purpose like always.  I believe we need to study and consult the Book for more information.
Dirk said that I had to die too for the catalyst charm to be broken. Thats it! This is the missing link in solving the puzzle. I must die. He must die. We both must die to end the warped time line and restore it back to the original space continuum, not consulting my Tele-powers for an exact answer. Im too emotion with his serious conversation. I sigh with worry.
Rann grabs my hands, squeezing them, shaking his skull. No! Dirks wrong. Dirk misinterpreted the written text from the Book. You live. I live. Dirk is not. You and I are getting married. You are not going to die for any reason, Starra. Dirk was wrong and dead. Now! The wobbling space continuum is both intact and stable. You are I are proof of Dirks wrongness.
I frown. But, Dirk mentioned both fixed and variable time elements along with the word, Observer. The Book had forecasted, the catalyst appearance, but another citizen would be selected as the observer. The observer recorders of the future change events to detail inside the red Book. That person is Dirk, nodding.
Rann frowns. He is not the observer. I disagree. Dirks dead. The universe selected you based on all your Tele-powers, being the best student of Tele-powers. Rosa selected and trained you to replace her as the new observer. You belong here in this universe and in the new time line, not Dirk.
I shake my curls. I have intervened way too much and too often within your universe while upsetting the delicate balance of the planets, nobles, citizens, events, and you, exhaling and nodding. Rann has a major role in the universe. He has proved and showed his growing Tele-powers way too many times, without really knowing what he was doing. And he had been successful in each occurrence. Dirk was the known element. Rann was the mysterious variable. I was the connection. Now, the connection is broken. Dirk knew something else about Rann. He was not going to divulge that to me either, before I got him with the electricity bolt of the exposed remote control devise in the tenth alien time line. I need to get my greedy little hands on one of those Books, before its too late for me and Rann. I sigh with true love.
Rann shakes his skull. Youre hypnotizing your theory based on wrong data from an insane madman. Dirk lost. You won. He wanted you dead from the start, because he was jealousy of your Tele-talents. Dirk was the alien in our universe. Now! Hes gone, Starra, smiling and hugging me. I take great delight in my rightful destiny to be Emperor of the Universe along with you, my Empress of the Universe. Thus, you will live with me forever and ever. Well be very happy, together have children, together and finally meet our demise at a very, very old age together, princess, kissing my lips for a long time. We surface with goofy grins. Rann stabs the chocolate cheesecake then feeds the sliver to me, smiling. The end of a perfect evening with my perfect dessert, winking at me.
I giggle, chewing. Chocolate cures everything. Colds, viruses, diseases, sadness, and disappointment you name it and chocolate will cure it.
He shakes his skull. Theres no more sadness in our lives, Starra. You and I will marry and take on many, many royal duties, obligations, and pressures of the Crown. However, a small bowl of good fashioned chocolate pudding might just help us through the working day, winks at me.
I giggle, saying. How old are you, Rann? I never got a straight answer about the age range of folks here during any particular alien time line. I sigh with intrigue.
Rann smiles, nodding. Im a hundred and seventeen years old. I sigh with surprise.
I drop my fork and mouth, softly saying. Youre hundred years older than I. I sign with worry.
He chuckles, nodding while licking my fork of chocolate. He winks. I hope you like an older man.
I shake my curls, sobbing.  Thats means, gasps. That means. I will not live to be that old, Rann. Ill die before you die.
He chuckles, slicing another piece of cheesecake. Ah, naw, winks. You have died several times and always return back to me, sweetheart.
I shake my curls. Naw. No. Nope. This is totally different. Were getting married. In my Earth year time, Ill grow older and gray, giggling. Okay, I got the gray hair down pat now. But Ill die with more wrinkles and the same amount of gray hair and younger than you. No one on Earth lives to be 117 years or older, Rann. No one! Not even me, my Tele-powers cannot, when a single tear rolls down over my freckles. I sigh with sadness.
Rann cuddles me, saying softly. Has your Tele-power of future seeing told you? I shake my curls. That particular Tele-power is very moody sometimes giving an invalid vision. However, my Teleclairvoyance is always correct. It tells me that you will live as long as I do, hugs me. And I can prove it, he closes his eyelids, exhaling.
I quickly T-probe his mind when he slaps a T-shield around his brain cells. I frown then close my eyelashes. I T-view my own destiny as the princess of the prince. I see my red swollen face with steams of wet tears during a rain storm.
He cuddles me, whispering. I see. I see you, exhales then opens his eyelids, swinging me around, smiling and nodding. I see you smiling every day at me while we grow old together. I fake a smile then exhale.
He and I both see more. My future prince is not telling the truth.

Day 278. game stadium. wedding rehearsal.
My eardrums ring from Ranns comfone blast echoing from the comlens while I lounge inside the hovering dais under the cool shading of the building awing, giggling. He orders at the wedding party, pieces, and places, not me. I sip on my cold drink from the hot sun. I dont take orders. I give orders. Rann betta not think about ordering me around after we marry. Rann stands on the hovering wedding platform with a set of shiny metal guard rails waving his hand side to side holding the comfone. I want the flag of the red fox over more to the left. Keep going! Keep going! There! Stop Sbot! There. The flag is perfect. You can fly down
An individual flag of an animal design from each noble world whips left then right made from the flexible tough fabric standing 50 feet high almost covering up the Game goal post.
Red fox, Viscount Lad and Viscountess Rita, Planet Tech World.
Brown otter, King Rex and Queenetta Rosa, Planet Bonita.
Orange monkey, Marquis Tok and Marquis Ivy, Planet Resort.
Green horse, is for Baron Bartholomew and Baroness Ann, Planet Agri.
Golden snake is for Ambassador Ty and Ambassadorette Joy, Planet Sahara.
Purple dragon, General Ira and Generalette Mar, space station Militia.
Yellow dog, Priest Ito and Priestess Las, Planet Bio.
Silver owl, Governor Jon and Governess Jo, Planet Uni.
Ivory bear is for Count Dov and Countess Bea, Planet Ice.
Black panther with bloody fangs, Prince Rann, Planet Commerce.
The nobles have created a fabric sash with a crest of their royal animal design to wear over their clothes at our wedding. I sigh with royalty.
Rann shouts. All the wedding pieces are in place. The banners are fluttering in the air. The flags fly. The balloons float. The streamers stream. And the bands are playing. Please send out the children. he fingers the Obots or orchestra robots. A cheery march song plays. Rann fingers the Sbots attending the tunnel entrance. Then two rows of four-year old little girls and boys stumble from the dark tunnel rabbit hopping and frog leaping onto the grass. So cute! I giggle with the rest of the adults. Rann fingers the Sbots. They release two rows of five year old little girls and boys jump and bounce from the darkness covering the grass faster while running into the four-year old children. Then the six year old little girls and boys sorta form a straight line with their hands at their sides, giggling, belching and coughing.
Ya got the mental foto!
The other children and teens strut or dance row by row taking their position in front of the archway. The children face the wedding ceremony, seeing the hot action. Every kid wanted to be in our wedding begging Rann for the honor, not their parents. Of course, he approved. The citizens love Rann.
I mentally flash back into the ninth time line, when Rann instrumented a coup taking out the evil King Dirk where all the nobles, noblettes, and citizens followed him.
Rann waves his arm shouting through the comfone. Very good, yall kids did a good job. Please sit on the grass while we watch the bots march onto the field. We have children in our wedding. Theyre here to learn the routine, too. He snaps his fingers for the action, since the Sbot can hear his soft pop.
The robots started with the Abot, an agricultural bot from Planet Agri. The bots float in a perfectly straight row from Abots to Kbots, because the letter L is known as the Lbots. The Lbots are my lady killer robots protecting my precious butthole inside the castle, the bridal room, and the wedding march. Then the rows of Nbots to Zbots make up the other hovering rows. The finally row is the really tall and fully armed Gbots hover perfectly straight line. So tough! I giggle.
The next line up of objects(yeah, baby)the miniature horses form the first row of their animal attendants. So cute! BA insisted upon supplying all the different breeds of livestock. Rann nodded, when I giggled. Ponies stomp in the second line then mares, geldings, camels, and finally elephants. The animal attendants dress in hunter green.
Rann says via the comfone. Okay, Starra. Here comes the princess bride and prince groom. You can start your engines and putt-putt towards me. Ill be putt-putting from the other tunnel, fingering the objects while explaining.
Dont sweat fire ants! Im riding in a pre-programmed hovering motorized mini-cart two feet in the air easily clearing the smelly green glowing shit on the ground. Cool ride! It has a long bench seat for me and my puffy fluffy new wedding gown by Su. The machine is set to advance slow and steady to the middle of the field where the wedding arch is built for the bride and groom. I lounge hitting the go-button with my naked big toe. The pink toe is too little. I lean into soft leather, giggling and grinning. Im getting married, tomorrow. Yee-haw.
I say, Stay, Lbots! The Lbot lands on the grass. I dont know their protection with Rann by my side. I float along the grass into the sun, giggling.
The wedding arch is a horseshoe-shaped pretty flower-covered structure on Ranns hovering platform where Rex and Rosa act as the ceremony ministers. Im so excited and nervous and happiness all at the same time. I finally getting married to the man I love since the second time line. I sigh with true love.
Rann says via the comfone. The princess bride and prince groom carts simultaneously emerge from the opposite tunnels then travel above the grass of the field, pausing and waving at me. Youre doing good Starra. Stop, sweetheart! We meet at the 50-yard line and wave to the citizens, I flip my hand up then down, when Rann chuckles. Not good enough for tomorrow, but satisfactory for now. The twin carts fly towards the wedding arch. Im timing you Starra, viewing the comlen with the minutes and second. I putt-putt towards the platform inside my cart. Rann winks, when I land next to him. The cart docks to the laser bolts to keep us from dropping onto the soil, when I hear the boom of the mechanics. He assists me out of the cart, cuddling and kissing my cheekbone. That took four minutes and eight seconds! I cuddle inside his naked chest on my bare feet, giggling. Rann says, smiling. Rex starts the ceremony.
Rex nods, smiling in front of us. Welcome to the marriage of Prince Rann and Lady Starra! Please exchange your personal vows of marriage.
Rann smiles, shoving me in front of him. We hold hands, facing and giggling at each other. He says. I take Lady Starra as my princess for the rest of my days, always and forever. I love you, Starra, he kisses me, when I giggle. We surface.
I hold his hands, smiling. I take Prince Rann as my prince for the rest of my days, always san forever. I love ya, man! I rise on my tippy toes then kiss his grin. Rann chuckles, nods.
Rosa nods, smiling. You are married in the eyes of the citizens and nobles as the princess and prince of the universe. Please welcome the princess and prince of the universe, when the children clap and cheer for fun. I turn to them, bowing. Rann chuckles, releasing my hands. He cuddles me as we wave to the children and animal handlers. Alright! That was perfect. Tomorrow, we do the same thing in the same order the same way. You are dismissed from the rehearsal. Everyone go to the auditorium for food and dance. Thank you! Told ya! Rann is a take charge kind of guy. He has designed, planned, and directed the wedding party and pieces. I giggle, just showing up in my bare feet, today and my wedding gown, tomorrow. The platform lands on the grass. We walk among the soft game field. Rann whispers into my face, smiling. Once our announcement as the princess and prince of the universe then we jet our carts 400 feet into the air for both fun and surprise for the nobles and citizens of the universe. We board the ram ship then zoom away into the heavens, my princess, kissing my lips when I giggle. We surface with wet mouth spit. Rann nods, cuddling me towards the zipper inside the field. Our royal wedding is concluded. Then me and you are an old married couple, sweetheart, kissing me when I smile, giggling. The first wedding reception is at the Royal castle then the auditorium, then on Planet Sahara then on Planet Agri and then
and then we finally get stuffed like a pod of baby piglets and fall asleep inside the royal carrier, giggling and winking at Rann.
He stops, frowning. We fall asleep. What about our honeymoon?
I walk towards the zipper, giggling. Ill be too popped for the honeymoon part after attending and dancing and eating and drinking at ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen wedding balls, giggling. There are not thirteen planets.
Rann dashes to my side, shaking his skull. Too pooped!? Then, we attend only about ten.
Eight.
Six.
Four.
I stop parking hands on my hips, frowns with frustration. We attend two wedding balls, ours and Tys. That is it, prince-groom, nods. 
Rann bows, smiling, cuddles me. Alright, okay, two wedding balls! No more! Then we start our honeymoon. We can eat supper with the rest of the nobles every night for ten days to appeal their honor for the new couple. Is that acceptable, princess-bride, when I nod, smiling. Im the real ruler of Rann and the galaxy, now. I swoon with true love.

Day 227. royal wedding: Prince Rann and Princess Starra. yellow sun, baby blue skies, no rain. no clouds. no thunder storms. 73F. morning.
I upright on my elbows inside my warm bed then smash my shoulders against the wall with the rising sun burning my eyelashes, smiling in happiness. I wiggle side to side with excitement.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I whisper. Am I getting married today?
Yes.
I whisper. Am I really absolutely positively getting married to Rann today?
Yes.
I blink and rub my sleepy crumb encrusted eye sockets, smiling and giggling. I believe that I am getting married today. My Tele-powers are never wrong.
I dress in a pink sundress with bows along the shoulders and pink high heeled sandals with bows on my toes. I sigh with cuteness.
The wedding gown is inside the newly constructed bridal room on top of the player locker rooms in the Game stadium hanging from the ceiling sofa and ready for me. I wait on Rann. He wants to escort, protect, defend, guard, secure, and take care of my safety, personally.  Hes so kind and consideration of me. I sigh with true love.
The door chime tings in piccolo music, when Hbot answers the door, downstairs.
Hey! Im almost about to be the bestest princess of the universe. I have bots, servants, citizens, and nobles to wait on me. So Im practicing my princess-thing. I dash from my suite into the hallway, staring.
Hbot opens the front door when I stand on top of the stairs. Rann likes to indulge me. He walks inside the living-room smiling at me then patiently waits at the bottom of the steps, winking. I slowly stroll down in my short sundress and high heeled sandals like a true noblette lady and a royal princess. He extends his arm then I jump the last three steps and fall into his biceps, giggling.
Good morning, sweetheart, a good day to marry, Rann smiles, chuckling and cuddling me.
I nod, smiling. Good morning, darling, a great day to marry. We pull apart then stroll like a happy couple out the door and then into the air limo, giggling and kissing.
Pbot whisks the air limo down the cobblestone street bustling with bots and citizens. They wear elaborate garments, capes, and bowties covered in glittering jewelry with stones, sequins, even the bots. I giggle. Pbot stops the transport when Rann assists me out onto the sidewalk of the vendor booths. 
The vendor booths are stuffed with merchandise from jewelry, clothes, shoes, art, books, dance lessons, bots, and currs. I whisper into his ear, smiling. Everyones enjoying their free stuff.
Rann nods, strolling with me along the sidewalk. He views the citizens, too. This is the Wedding of the Millennium. I want all our citizens to be happy, healthy, wealthy, and really impressed with our wedding. The re-programmed Cbot loses even for children with our currs. Everything I own is half yours, after we marry. Rann kisses my hand. We stop shaking hands, slapping backs, kissing babies, kissing old women, kissing young girls, and hugging children. I sigh with jealousy.
Rann and I need to discuss him kissing on them young teen girls. My new number one marriage rule: no kissing young girls. I sigh with jealousy.
Rann chuckles, tickling my waist, senses my green-colored jealousy. We stroll into the auditorium viewing the food tables, dancing children, eating citizens, and playing musicians. Rann whispers. Tonight, the soft music plays tones of piano, flute, and violin. We take the floor with the first dance as the royal newlyweds, grabbing my waist. Rann gently swing us around the empty dance floor, saying. I twirl, whirl, and swirl you all night long then we leave for the honeymoon, chuckling into my. I turn strawberry red with innocent embarrassment. Rann chuckles and cuddles me, strolling into the sunshine on our beautiful wedding day. I sigh with true love.
Rann escorts me to the zipper when Pbot opens the hatch door. The roof top is down. We slide into the rear seating then float down the cobblestone street, without fanfare of trumpets or drums. 
Im the princess-bride. This is my day! Im to get all the attention. Im riding in an open air ship the color is silver to match my hair. Rann thinks of everything. The prince-groom sits beside me, being the ruler of the universe. Im the alien of the universe. Then, the ruler and alien marry, today within the hour. The citizens of the universe all accept me. I sigh with acceptance.
There is no royal wedding parade, except for the four Lbots following us and four Gbots leading us towards the stadium. Children dash to the slow moving air ship tossing in candy bits and handing me flowers. I giggle.
Pbot halts at the rear of the stadium when we exit. We walk arm and arm crossing the fresh grass for the wedding ceremony, giggling and kissing. Im just across the field. Call me, if needed. You have my gift. Correct? I pull the sweet dagger from my leg hostler under my sundress, giggling. Rann nods, smiling. 
I giggle. Im ready for anything including marrying you, prince-groom.
Rann kisses me then twinkles with my pink lipstick, when I giggle. He nods, stopping at the mouth of the tunnel. And my new job is to worry about you, princess-bride, kisses me when I giggle.
I wink. Lets get married before the cake goes stale, giggling and kissing him. I swing into the darkness, back stepping and waving with both hands like a silly toddler. Rann stands, waving and watching me. The Lbots fly beside me for protection. I back step, blowing invisible kisses as Rann catches them, chuckling with me. Then, I back step into the darkness barely seeing his figure with naked eyeballs. I exhale, swinging in the appropriate direction, not wanting to trip and bust my nose for the wedding fotos. I giggle, skipping towards the side door on the right.
Lbot opens the door like Im a princess. I giggle and enter stomping into the room, viewing two long sofas, a table of food with two chairs, the hanging wedding gown beside the table, my tiara, and my flower bouquet, and a vanity with three mirrors for seeing me. I flip my right sandal off then kick the left sandal off, standing and exhaling in bare feet on the new soft plush carpet. I giggle, wiggling my numb toes from the high heels.
I strip off the sundress into nakedness, giggling from the cool breeze of the air-conditioning. The Lbot-number-one retrieves before it hits the carpet. I giggle padding to the mirror. Lbot-number-two grabs the dress assisting me with dressing.
Rann ordered no one else inside my bridal room, not even Joy. Joy is Tys wife. She and Ty are serving as the Matron and Master of Honor. She has her own room, a matron dressing room.
I bug crawl into the soft fabric of the wedding gown, smiling with excitement. The sleeves cover me from the top of my shoulder down to the tip of my middle finger on each hand. The shoulder to elbow area is composed of a semi-round puffed out stiff glittering fabric and from the elbow to the fingers. The arm sleeve is covered with tiny diamonds. The bodice is covered from throat to waist with satin and diamonds in the front of my breasts. Down my back, theres v-shaped netting from my neck down to my waist. The sash hangs diagonally from my right shoulder down to my left rib. The skirt is circular in one piece of fabric from my waist down to the floor then swings out left and right into a fifty-foot dress train of satin. The edge of skirt is embedded in tiny, tiny diamonds. At the base of the train theres a set satin bows. I dont have any jewelry but a pair of diamond studs in my earlobes. The wedding gown covers me from throat to wrist to toe nails. My toe nails are painted in rosy-pink but ya cant see them, only the wedding gown. 
Lbot buttons the back of the dress. I exhale from the tight bodice enjoying too many late night meals with Rann tooting around the galaxy. I fan with both hands from heat on my face from the high collar like my Grandma Starbucks old maiden fashion. Lbot gently pulls my long hair into a tight headache splitting bun behind my neck. The tiara gently guides on the center of my skull plastered with a million hair pins, tons of hair spray chemicals, perfumes, and four dull combs. I hope this thing comes off easy. Im going to need a bath to get rid of the chemicals and odors before our honeymoon event, giggling. I turn strawberry red with embarrassment.
Last item, Lbot ties the black sash. The design sets on the edge of the fabric at my right hip with a gray eagle with its wings spread out and legs bend with the claws holding a red dripping bloody animal. Its beak is partially opened imitating a hunting ritual. Cool design!
Every noble has designed an animal crest wearing the sash at our wedding maybe at each royal function. I sigh with power.
I exhale from the tight bodice enjoying too many late night meals with Rann tooting around the galaxy. I fan with both hands from heatness on my face from my bridal high collar like my Grandma Starbucks old maiden fashion. I stroll around circles dragging the fifty-foot dress train from side to side with excitement of my wedding vows in another 45-minutes. I scratch an itch between the tightness my hair strands and the combs of the tiara. I sigh with nervousness.
Then I stand in front of the three mirrors, appearing like an upside down triangle. The skirt is wide and puffy. My bodice is skin-tight with a pair of long-sleeves and high collar for the innocent look and the hotness feel. I sweat on my face when Lbot-number-three offers water.
Lbot-number-four stands in front of the door blocking the villains from me. Gotcha! Dirk is dead, finally. Yeah! Im getting married finally, too. Double yeah! I sigh with good riddance.
I stand in of front of the mirror, again my non-sexy wedding gown. I look like something that I dont wanna ponder. Im doing this for love. I love Rann. I wanna show my unconditional eternal love to him. The dress doesnt a bride make, only the man. I giggle. I sigh with true love.
Im the bashing beautiful bride from both heatness and excitement. I giggle. Im dressed in the gown, the tiara, the sash, and my four inched sandals. It sucks being short, sometimes.
My bouquet of tiny white rosebuds stands in an upright flower holder on the table, not ready to perform. I giggle. I smear bright pink lip stick over my kinda used pink lips from kissing Rann too many times. I sigh with true love.
I suntanned my skin tone to dark this week lying in the hot sun by the pool. So relaxing! My fingernails and toenails are candy pink to match my lip stick. The sandals are two stripes of leather with embedded tiny diamonds on top surrounding my hidden rosy-pink painted toe nails. I sigh with wedding girl.
I exhale, smiling then breathe into my hand, sniffing. Yucko! Lbot, mouthwash, please! Lbot-number-two flies into the bathroom then comes out with a paper cup for me. I drink the mouthwash then swish around my mouth then spit into the same cup. Lbot takes the cup then does something disgusting with it inside the bathroom.
I giggle, smiling. I used the bathroom before entering my dress. I just skipped that disgusting part, too. I sigh with marriage.
I flap both arms parallel to the floor like a sick bird creating more cool air inside the heated gown. Then I hear a sound. Relax! The wedding pieces of the ceremony are beginning. I dash to the window, viewing nothing. Im so excited then nervous, then excited, and then nervous. Im getting married to Rann. Yeah! I pinch my left arm. I cant feel it. Im too excited, smiling so wide. I might bleed my cheekbones.
I hear the multi-fanfares of trumpet, flute, and then drums. I see the little boys and girls aged four years old dancing across the field. They will stand in front of us during the wedding ceremony.
Each child had selected their own wedding outfit color and style. Rann didnt order wedding costumes for the children and teens. He wanted the wedding to be a representation of their home worlds and cultures. Great idea! Brilliant plan! I see the nine year old line of girls and boys. So cute! I sigh with loveliness.
I see darkness. Stang, frowning, without the overhead artificial lighting. The window provides natural light. In my wedding gown I could easily trip, fall, and bust my nose and then bleed all over my dress as I tumble inside the dark tunnel of the stadium. Lbot, whining like the lights have gone out. I heard music from the wedding ceremony while silence inside my bridal room. Double stang! Lbot! I slowly do not turn around, desiring to see the rest of the wedding pieces before my grand entrance. Lbot! I scream inside my stillness, watching the 12-years old.
Then I hear something then taste something and then smell something with my nose holes. The odor stink-o. I giggle, pondering if robot can fart. Then, I giggle, watching the fifteen-year old march onto the field, lights! I order, giggling. The smell increases within my nose holes. I cannot get the idea of farts out of my mind. I giggle standing at the window.
I hear music staring at the progression of my wedding ceremony. No lights! Power outage!
I bet Ranns mad. We practiced the ceremony perfect yesterday Hes cursing at the bots, the servants, the guards, and the citizens.
I smell a lingering odor when my active clicks. Someone took a big dumpy-dump in the royal bridal bathroom. I giggle then frown. I sigh with grossness.
Yeah! Someone dumped their inner guts into my newly built pink royal princess bathroom. Im telling Rann. Hell be very displeased and probably hang that citizen for upsetting my cute nostrils. Yeah. I giggle then snort. Thats funny, yall! I sigh with humor.
If Dirk was alive, Id blame this thing on him. But! Hes dead. Dirks dead. I giggle, again.
The music peaks with drums and trombones for the entrance of the animals. Then I hear a noise. Someone started the fire air in the blue skies over the flags. It barely looks beautiful. Hey! Its my wedding day. Everything is perfect, including me, except for the stupid lights. I yell for annoyance. Lbot turn on the lights, exhaling and watching the ceremony. I sigh with happiness.
I see the rows of Pbot shiny silver trashcans flying towards the wedding arch. Then I gently touch Ranns mind, just so slightly with a love tap. I get nothing from Rann, because Im so emotional charged that my Tele-powers dont work. I sigh with true love.
I know that we both share the same emotional bond, high, and buzz. I giggle. Were the perfect pair. Hes the perfect prince for me. Im the perfect princess for him. I sigh with true love.
The fireworks blast over the stadium interfering with the music playing and my eardrums. I smell that smell, again. The odor is lingering in the air waves above and over my tiara. I sigh with mystery.
I stare at the first row of animals, watching my wedding ceremony. I scan the darkness and dull lighting inside my bridal, not daring to shift my eyelashes from the rows of animal. Then I feel pain in the rear of my curls. That hurt! Then I see yellow, blue, and silver stars within my eyelashes
Then I see darkness.
Man, Im lying on the bridal floor. Someones pulling on my right arm then shoves me into the wall. I punch the new pink wall paint with my nose feeling heated liquid of my blood. My blood drains over my lips then my chin and hits my wedding gown.
I close my eyelashes then open. The room is dark.
I jump up, punching with my folded fists. My legs and feet are covered with the wedding gown. I hit nothing. A strike hits my right arm hearing the rip of the sleeve before feeling. My arm is naked. I gasp then swing my fist hitting nothing. A punch hits my left arm hearing the rip of the fabric, again. My left arm is exposed to the cool air conditioning. I hammer my double folded fists into nothingness, again. A smash hits my jaw line. Ouch, moaning with pain back stepping in the darkness from the dark shadow. I clutch my jaw line feeling the hot liquid flow over my finger tips. Im bleeding my blood, yall. I narrow my eyelashes. Lbots kill, hearing a swish. I bend my waist backwards feeling the rip of the collar. I hear the tiny loose diamonds fall then roll down my skirt. My throat and chest are exposed and cool in the cold air conditioning A punch hits my stomach flowing backwards then crash into the table. I exhale tumbling forward landing on my side. I roll flat on my sweaty face, grunting like a plantation pig.
Two hands grab my dress lifting me into the air then drop me. I grunt when hearing a swish around my ankles. The fabric falls exposing my naked heels.
My head aches from the sideways tilting tiara breaking a few hair strands. My face aches from the hot blood pouring from my busted lips. My right hand shakes touching the soft fabric while reaching for my dagger when I hear breathing.
Starra the faint voice from an invisible person whispers into my left eardrum as I close my eyelashes from ache, pain, dizziness and all out suffering. I force my eyes open, seeing darkness.
I hear footfalls then silence within my bridal room. Gone! My attacker had gone with his smelly odor. I lift my petite body into a doggie position on my small knees and tiny hands, breathing heavy. My blood falls over my eyelashes, nose, lips and then carpet. I exhale.
The overhead artificial light illuminate in brightness, seeing. The pink bridal room smokes of the Lbots destruction. Falling curtains from knife cuts. Yeah, knife slices into the thin fabric. Overturn chairs. A broken mirror, thats seven years of bad luck, not to me, yall.
I sniff some blood into my nostrils then blow out the blood. I wipe my nose with my ripped glove then sniff. The bad odor is gone. I sign with one good thing.
My head, arms, hands, legs, neck(okay everything)hurts and throbs with aching sensations. I close my eyelashes then open, still hurting but seeing the doorframe. The door is open.
I struggle to stand then give up. I bug crawled on my hands and knees dragging the sliced dress train of nothing. I sigh with another good thing.
I bug crawl inside the archway feeling the cool breeze of the concrete. I exhale then hold my breath crawling into the breezeway. I whisper. Rann, hear the cheering. The citizens are cheering the animals.
I exhale crawling to the rear of the hover cart, touching the cool metal. I exhale lifting my body then touch the exposed wires. I hiss like a snake then gently crawl down like a cockroach. The dark shadow has ripped the wires from the hover cart. I exhale, gasping. No, Im marrying Rann today, right now. I cockroach-crawl dragging my fanny in with sync pain with then heeled sandals towards the edge of the tunnel, hearing the music, not the bridal march yet. I exhale, gasping. No, Im marrying Rann today, right now, crawls to the wall then standcorrectionwobble. I wobble holding the wall. I see the Sbots are malfunctioned too. The dark shadow killed the robots after the animals left the tunnel.
I stand then wobble slightly side to side using my arms. Im hurt and worry and upset. My Tele-powers are useless. I extend my arms then step with my right sandal, standing and wobbling to the left. I compensate with my right arm. I stand, exhaling. I step with my left sandal, wobbling to the right then compensate with my left arm. I sigh with another good sign.
I stomp slow, slower, and then slowest with a wobbling but steady rhythm of my sandals. I dont have time to kick the sandals off or stop for nothing but my wedding ceremony.
I need Rann. I must have Rann. I whisper, Rann
I dart my eyelashes to the ground watching for rocks, seeing. My wedding dress is ripped and ruined. I dont give a shimmy. I want Rann. Im getting married, today, right now.
Blood is flowing down the left side of my face feeling hot then cool then sticky like honey. I really hate honey. It reminds me of sticky butter. And I hate butter. It reminds me of biscuits. I love biscuits, without the butter, only strawberry jelly.
Blood drains from my busted lips. I taste it. Blood tastes like blood. It is very hard to describe. I dont understand how vampires can drink blood. It doesnt taste the sugary colorful Fiss.
Im not going to repeat that every bone, organ, and tissue hurts. That would be redundant and ridicule. Im a Royal wedding mess. This is my wedding. The wedding will continue. Im not canceling my wedding. Im getting married, today, right now.
I limp twenty feet. Fifteen feet. Ten feet. Nine feet. Eight feet. Seven feet. Six feet. Five feet.
Four feet. Three feet. Two feet. One foot. Eleven inches. Ten inches. Nine inches. Eight inches. Seven inches. Six inches. Five inches. Four inches. Three inches. Two inches. One inch.
I feel the grass tickling my toe flesh, exhales. I see with my right eyeball without the blood the rumps of the elephants. Then I fall from exhaustion and blood loss. I only got eight pints of blood, yall. I fall on my knees. I see the rumps of the elephants, the hoofs of the horses between the rumps of the elephants. The legs of children wiggle side to side. The metal legs of bots still. The hover wedding platform doesnt waiver cause ya get sea sick. The rear of Rexs baldness shines. The flags wave. The balloons float. The banners flutter. The citizens rustle. The Nbots buzz around Rex and Rosa. I whisper. Rann, not seeing him. Hes inside the tunnel waiting for the bridal march song. Then I dizzy within my eyeballs falling forward. I land on my face into the fresh cut grass, smelling fresh cut grass. I whisper. Im getting married to., wiggling my hands, my earlobes, my buttonhole using all my Tele-powers. I whisper. Rann, when a hurricane wind storm blows over the game field from me. The music stops. The flags, the banners, and the balloons sail away from the stadium railing. The children and teens startle then run towards the opposite side of the field. The animals startle running over to the opposite side of the field. The bots react blasting off from the grass then hover over the game field. The wedding platform shakes side to side until Pbot drops it onto the grass. Rex and Rosa wobble then hug each other for safety. Some of citizens fall out of the seating. Rann exits the tunnel inside the hover cart, surveying the weird weather pattern.
I feel his warm touch on my face hearing his sexy baritone, Starra, Starra, Starra, Im holding you. Please, wake up!  I blink my eyelashes open, seeing his happy smile and worried eyeballs. I breathe hard then moan ugly like a sick dog. Marry
Youre bleeding, Rann frowns, sweet breathing into my face.
Marry pants with my extremely annoying pain.
Starra, Rann cuddles me, exhaling.
I wiggle my hand using my Telekinesis dragging Rexs face closer to us. I marry my prince, today and forever
Rann exhales, frowning then smiles. I marry my princess, today and forever.
Rex whispers, smiling. You are prince and princess of the universe. Bbot, take Starra to the medical center, then I pass out into darkness.

Day 232. Planet Commerce. Castle of me and Rann. T-storms. Rain. thunder. 90% precipitation. dark skies. 65F. afternoon.
I back step from the comfone, flipping my hand and smiling. Lad is on the comfone, darling. Rann cuddles behind me, smiling and nodding to Lad.
Can you come now, Rann? Lad smiles and nods on the comlen.
Yes. Were on our way. Rann, out! the comlen turns black Rann kisses my hand then elbow then shoulder and then my neck, when I giggle. He whispers into my eardrum, biting my earlobe, when I giggle. We must leave, immediately.
I thought we were going to visit Lad, immediately, twirling and smirking into his face.
He chuckles, shaking his skull. We will visit Lad, first then we will visit each other, second. Hows that play action? I swoon with true love.
I wink. How about we visit each other, first then we can visit Lad, second. I like that action play better, giggling when he pulls away. Rann spins towards his vanity, collecting his maser. I swing into my mirror. My official princess-outfit is white matching my husband. I swoon with love.
A one piece slip dress in white silk with a v-neckline trimmed in diamonds on the front lapel and back border. Two vertical slits flap open and shut on each side of my body revealing my tanned and toned skin muscles to the galaxy when I priss only for Rann. Sexy is the word that pops inside my mental mind describing my fashionista trend. My tight dress is belted with a leather strap holding a pouch for a maser. Yeah, a maser! My husband wants me to be prepared for anything. So I am prepared for anything and anyone. I smooth the thigh-high boot up my thigh when Rann grunts. I giggle. My spit and polished thigh-high leather boots holds a hidden pouch for my silver dagger with embedded diamonds. I swoon with true love.
I back step running into Ranns back muscles when he chuckles.
He swings around then kisses me. I kiss him. We kiss again. Hey! Im finally married. I like this marriage stuff. If you dont want to hear it then you turn the freaking page. We emerge the embrace then kiss and then kiss, again. I swoon with true love.
You look stunning, my husband smiles, cuddling me.
I look sexy, giggling.
I know, he smirks then kisses me again. We surface smiling goofy.
I touch his chest, giggling. Youre a gifted designer, Rann. But my little dress is almost too delicate as a uniform, rubbing his chest, giggling, again.
He cuddles me, whispering for our ears, only. You are a princess. You are my princess. You have three body guards, two Lbots, a palace, a planet, and an entire universe full of servants to perform any duty you need done. The Lbots are lady killer robots given to me as a personal wedding gift from my husband, the handsome and talented Prince Rann for my personal use along with embedded program for my personal safety. The bots exhibit the same cylinder-shape but painted in gold distinguishing from the common silver paint of a regular robot with a slight modification. Each metal arm holds built-in pockets with two masers, two Sahara spider venomous poison darts, and two flip knives for protecting me. The name is both elegant and delicate but the robots are designed to kill any one who approaches me, with or without a verbal warning within a three-foot radius. Too close! Too late! Too bad, yall! I felt bad if someone is stupid enough to do that. They, he, she or it would die fast and furious, with a little pain.
He raises my hand, smiling. I dont want you lifting your tiny pink painted pinky finger to do anything, then kisses my tiny pinky finger on my left hand.
Im going to get fat, if I dont do something, giggling.
He chuckles. And I like you looking as sexy as I can dress you, kissing my hand then my elbow then my collar bone, then my neck and then my lips when I giggle. I like this marriage stuff. We emerge smiling goofy. It pleases me, my princess. winks Rann, when I giggle. I swoon with true love.
I love to please you, my prince, giggling when we kiss again.
You will keep the uniform, my princess, Rann smiles.
I giggle, nodding. Yes, I will look as sexy as I can for you, my prince, smiling. I swoon with true love.
I have picked the right girl as my princess, cuddling me.
Just as long as everyone else knows, Im dressing sexy for your eyes, only.
Dont worry your pretty head about that? If some thing comes within two-foot of your precious body, the fools dead, Rann lifts his larger dagger with larger diamonds from his utility around his fit waist. I swoon with true love. Rann has recalled, not only the last alien time lines but all of ten of them. I swoon with true lovenawmystery. However Im very pleased Rann knows who I am, where I come from, and how now I am his wife, princess, and companion, always and forever.
He pulls back then slips his arms from my biceps. He drags my hand out the bedroom with two Lbots in tow. Are we under attack? I giggle. I sigh with princess.
In the past ten time lines, we were at War with someone or something translating into Dirk. I sigh with vengeance. In the present, Dirk is dead. I had attended his funeral memorial inside the Game stadium on my first day into the eleventh time line.
Rann cuddles me, saying. The science team is conducting an important scientific experiment. I want to witness the results.
Where is this science team? What is the important scientific experiment? I usually never attend a meeting with the science community. Odd! Rann is both thrilled and excited.
I mentally flash back before the first intergalactic outer space trip of earthlings, when I recalled my own scientific study at my former home Starbuck Plantation, on my former planet Earth, in my former galaxy the Milky Way. The poisonous weeds invaded my agricultural ecosphere.
Tech world. Rann says. I swoon with true love.
I did not know that experiments were conducted from Tech World or anywhere in the unknown universe. I learned something new today. I giggle. Being princess is very exciting and being the wife of Prince Rann is very busy. I sigh with toil.
I mentally flash back into the fifth alien time line, when King Dirk was losing the popularity contest with Rann during the War. I aided Dirk using my Tele powers. Then he started winning the War.
Im going to Tech World to observe a scientific experiment with Rann, my first official duty as Princess of the Universe. The pressures on. I dont want to blow it. I ran upstairs while Rann talks to Ty on the comfone. I swiftly change into my new uniform designed by my loving and devoted husband Prince Rann, co-ruler of the universe. Rann is my husband. I am his wife and princess of the universe. Were finally married and have been for six wonderful days and nights. I sigh with true love.

Day 232. Tech World. castle of Viscount Lad and Viscountess Rita. observation room. afternoon.
I happily stroll into the hanger bay with Rann at my side holding hands like high school kids then stop. Pbot opens the royal carrier ship belong to Rann and me. I do not enter then glance at the new sleek ship on my right. Uh, rudely finger point using my right manicured index finger of glittering royal purple, giggling.
Rann eye rolls then presents really fugly ugly duck lips at me, since I giggle at his nose prolife. He whispers. Starra!?
I jerk his hand towards the new sleek ship as he stands still. Our arms become long and lean as he doesnt move and I prance towards the new ship. I giggle and continue to finger the new ship making us look like a human city street. Its a short trip, I remember where the planet is located.
He follows me, being my new husband and my eternally soul mate. He wears his fugly ugly duck lips, whining like a little boy. Starra!?
I lead with him in tow then I gotta viciously jerk his hand even with my short legged stride. I giggle. Please I love to fly, darling.
He eye rolls then present really fugly ugly fish lips at me. I remember you are an excellent pilot, whines again.
I T-pull his tallness towards the new ship, giggling and grinning at the new adventure of the morning since I aint got nothing else to do but be a beautiful princess. I giggle, You said this is a scientific experiment, not serious war.
He follows me. Is this a debate in a debating boring meeting?
I stand in front the new ship near the hatchway. Please, Rann, admiring the shiny silver of the one-person zipper.
He eye rolls then presents pouted lips of non-conforming. Starra!? He stands behind me wrapping his arms around my collar bone tickling my biceps.
I giggle, studying the new ship. Pretty please, sweetheart, giggles with my new transport to Tech world. I swing around then kiss his lips, surface from our lovely touch, winking and giggling. I control this man, always.
He does not eye roll but smiles and taps my nose with his index finger. He nods. Alright! You win the debate, this time, today, not tomorrow
I toss my arms giggling and smiling. Yea!
Rann hugs me then orders to the bot hovering at his elbow. Pbot shut down the carrier ship. The princess and I are taking the twin zippers, twists to the right walking between the space of two ships. 
I giggle, shouting. Ill drive, darling.
Rann holds my hand frowning at my nose profile. You will not.
I nod and smile studying the new zipper. Im an excellent pilot. You say so yourself all the time in front of all the nobles and noblettes and commoners and
He hugs me, exhaling. You are an excellent fighter pilot, not pilot, pilot, chuckles.
I present fugly ugly duck lips at the new ship since Rann hugs me covering my hair roots. I whine like I have stepped my right thigh boot toe into a pile of moo cow dookie. I dont understand your silly sentence structure, Rann, exhales. I sign with miffness.
He laughs then exhales then chuckles then hugs me. Your take offs, landings, hovers
I stomp my boot toe in fury. I wanna fly the new ship, hugging his biceps around my shoulders.
He eye rolls then presents ugly duck lips. Starra!?
Rann. I bite and sting with my invisible fury since I could sting and bite with my invisible T-ray of Telekinesis at his elbow or kneecap or another selective hard bone.
He eye rolls shifting us from the two-seater zipper towards the new sleek single occupant star ship. The slick craft is equipped with five after burners located in the rear end of the tiny ship, the latest in state-of-the-art technology from the Tech world. Rann worked with the tech engineers to create, develop, and design this new version personal fighter star ship for his selfie, being the tough-man, king-man, and ruler-man of the universe with me.
I like to ease drop on the comfone conversations of Rann since I aint got nothing else to do but be a pretty princess. 
Lad bragged about the four maser controls, double comlens for indicate temperatures inside, outside, and around the ship and the alarm system in case of thief or attack.
I giggle. There is no thievery within the planets and villages of the unknown universe. Everyone lives in joy and peace including me and the prince for nineteen years now. so nobles and commoners spend our lives enjoying life and having fun, sometimes dangerous fun.
The eighteen billion curr star ship would self-destruct if physically touched by another hand or as Rann put it another fool.
I wiggle from his warm embrace then prance ahead to older design star ship sitting beside Ranns new toy. He walks then cuddles me, sweet breathing into my left eardrum. You can use my ship, smiles.
I gingerly touch the blasted painted on the old trusty star ship, exhaling. I nod. You are a very generous husband and handsome prince but I can fly this one. Im a fair fighter pilot, exhales then smirks.
Still hugging me, he exhales. Is this our first disagreement as prince and princess?
No. We avoided that first argument by letting me have my way, winks and giggles.
He smiles and nods. Your safety is paramount to me. You come first and foremost in my life, sweetheart. You take my ship, the very best fighter ship in the universe.
I smirk then exhale. I know. But
The ship, my personal vehicle is programmed for your fingerprints, he chuckles into my eardrum.
I giggle then spin to his smiling face. It is?
Of course, Lad reset the controls for me when we became engaged as princess and prince of the universe, he smiles and kisses my lips.
We surface. I wink. You think of everything.
He winks and smiles I think of only you, presses the button when the hatch slides upwards towards the hanger ceiling. I spin and stomp my right boot toe towards the seat when Rann swings me around. He kisses me then I kiss him. Hey, I love being married.
I swing and slide into the soft leather in pretty shiny silver colored, adjusting the console controls for my long legs and short torso. I giggle, I lead.
Rann squats at my chair, eye rolling, presents fugly ugly fish lips. Starra!?
I giggle. How about the first one to Tech world wins everything?
He eye rolls then presents fugly ugly duck lips. Starra!
I pout with disappointment at him. Dont you want to know what you win, sir prince?
He eye rolls then presents flatten lips. Starra!
I giggle touching the joy stick. Chill out, have some fun, old man?
He eye rolls then chuckles at me. I surrender thy love, dearest. You can lead but dont hot dog the ship. Its still my ship, winks.
I pout at him. I thought you cared for my hot sexy body, not some old metal cold ship, giggles. I sigh with fun.
He hugs me as best as he can inside the cockpit of the tiny ship. I do. Your new zipper will not available until next week. In the meantime, do not destroy my transport, kisses my lips.
I giggle caressing the smooth leather console. I want. Im an excellent pilot, remember, winking at him.
He frowns then chuckles. Excellent pilot!? In what time line did I told you that, smiles.
I wiggle my hands like Im about to zap him with my invisible T-ray of Tele-power. I sneer for fun. Watch it, old man, giggles.
Fly carefully, I will be right behind you, Starra. Rann stands leaning into my smiling face. He frowns.
Not beside me, pilot, I giggle and wink.
He exhales. I am old. I am gray. I am not as young as you are, alien, taps my nose when I giggle. He chuckles then kisses me. He winks then back steps as I slam the latch shut with the button.
He struts to the older zipper sliding inside.
I press the button igniting the five afterburners, feeling the roam of the engine and the burn on my rump of the heat. I giggle and wink at Rann inside his closed cockpit.
He links, connects then Teles to me. Lead the way, Princess.
I link, connect then Tele to him. Afterburners. Ready. Set. Go.
I slam the joy stick forward, not waiting for the official signal from the prince then zoom into the black cold outer space. The zipper soars almost into the heavens themselves. Yee-haw! I shout and giggle. This baby is fun to fly, angling the nose cone at 45 degrees.
My comfone sounds just like Ranns baritone timber when I giggle. The comfone says. Too steep, Starra, you will stall out. Be careful, sweetheart with your sexy body and my delicate ship, chuckles.
I giggle, I am, giggles then I press the button. The zipper flies towards the Wall about half-way.
My comfone says. Wait for me, Starra.
I hover the new tiny star ship in cold black outer space, giggling. I am, old man. My lady killer flying bots zoom up my tail pipe catching up with my fast flying then split and surround me. I dont mind. The robots are programmed to stay out of my way but to copy my maneuvers. Theyre computers, fast and precise.
I feel Rann coming up my tail pipe before I see his older zipper. He hovers beside me when I spot a small hole. I T-shove with Telekinesis expanding the tiny hole into a monster opening for two star ships, without scratching the new paint job off the new star ship.
We enter then slide through the opening.
Ugly silver and white Tech world fills my viewing screen, the raw and polished metals reflecting off the bright yellow sun causing a continuous rainbow in the sky of silvers, yellows, pinks, lavenders, and white. I land on the designated noble landing pad in the space dock provided by the bot controller. To access the planet below, you have to dock all star ships in the outer space parking lot. Its kinda like some real science fiction event. There is not room on the ground. There is no ground, grass or lawn with flowers. I dont think you could claim a speckle of dirt, a grain of sand or a petal of vegetation on Tech world.
The world is a manufacturing center for all hardware, software and equipment in the universe. Im talking about dangerous and biohazard products like coolants, tools, robots, chemicals, metals, and rocks. Rocks are the real habitants here which is owned and ruled by Viscount Lad and his wife Viscountess Rita. Yeah, Rita! Shes alive in this time line.
Naw, Dirk. Hes dead in this time line.
I have existed in this time line for nineteen years, without smelling or seeing Dirks fugly ugly face. I pinch my arm with the true fact, every morning before I pookie in the toilet, because the single thought of Dirk makes me puke.
I press the button lifting the hatch grabbing some poisonous air molecules. I hold my breath for a few more seconds waiting for Rann. The ground is poisoned and the air quality is toxic just like Planet Earth but not deadly, only dangerous.
Rann gallops from his ship jerking me out of my ship as we run into the docking station for some good breathing oxygen. I exhale my bad breath with Rann.
He cuddles me walking towards the second air lock door. I swoon with true love.

hallway.
We enter the sterile hallway of re-circulated fresh oxygen air then stop.
Female: tall, blonde hair, pale, blue eyes, pretty, red gown, five foot dress train, red tiara.
Male: short, fat, blonde curls, green eyes, pale, chubby, red velveteen tunic, pants, robe. 
Viscountess Rita stands in her pretty bright prime color on the freaking pin wheel in the eleventh alien time line. Her red glittering and sparkling bejeweled foo-foo dress makes her look like a red pregnant moo cow. I exhale and pout my lips, ugly. Rita is pregnant. All the noblettes are going to have little babies, tiny noblettes. I sigh with hope.
I want a child. Rann wants a child. We both want a child.
Rann cuddles me reading my Tele-mind of heart ache and heart wishes being both overprotective and understanding.
There is no war, only peace. There are hardly any living and breathing citizens on the three surviving planets: Commerce, Agri, Tech world. The rest of the planets are radiated or empty of wildlife or citizen life. Rann owns the rest of the two galaxies of nothing but soil and sand.
I flash back, mentally into the tenth alien time line, when Dirk did an excellent job of sabotage on the nobles and commoners. Before I fainted from electrical shock I clipped all the colored wires creating a cube microwave burst. The cube burst signaled Rita on Planet Commerce to activate all the hidden bombs inside the noble mansion. The hidden bombs exploded in each noble castle killing thousands and thousand of innocent men, women, teenagers, children, and babies at Emperor Rann coronation celebration party.
Rita was his accomplish, but I knew that historical alien fact. She was on Commerce when the bombs blew then captured, trialed, and immediately imprisoned by her father. When Rita learned of Dirks death she became very ill and then miscarried their baby.
I am not the only one who knows that fact.
Rita is a threat to me. I sigh with confusion.
I dont really believe that. In the eleventh alien line Dirk is dead. I repeat this, very slowly. Dirk is dead. I sigh with permanent.
Queen Rita married Lad unhappily living in total isolation on Tech world after the non-funeral and non-announced to the surviving commoners who do not give a darn it. Rita is carrying Lads baby. She smiles and bows to me and Rann. Princess Starra and Prince Rann, welcome Your Highnesses to our humble planet of Tech, lifts her smiling pretty face staring at the far wall. Rita is always the proper noblette in all the previous alien time lines but she does not remember the past like me and Rann.
And I aint touching that one, yall.
The medical knowledge and advancements in this unknown universe is greatly remarkable. The Bbot or biomedical robots can operate on any part of the human body, grow organs and skins, and reconstruct bones and limbs.
I flash back mentally into the fifth alien time line, when Rann re-grew a pumping heart inside his open chest cavity by Bbot. It was my heart sliver, being the unwilling donor.
I giggle. My heart literally belongs to Rann. We are heart to heart connected in love. I sigh with delight.
I read in the latest hand written note in the red Book at the castle that Bbots achieved some outstanding medical breakthroughs in brain charting. So Rita had her brain altered. I sigh with cold chills making goose bumps on my spine and arms.
I did not see the medical procedure, yall. Her father, the formal ruler of the universe but still named King Rex of the planet of Bonita had some of do with that decision.
Lad bows to us then grins and giggles with silliness. He hugs me then extends his hand to Rann. Welcome to the home of Viscount Lad and Viscountess Rita, the planet of Tech, Rann and Starra.
Rann shakes his hand, nodding. Thanks so much for hosting the meeting, Lad. Has everyone arrived, safely?
I frown at Ranns nose profile. Arrived safely from where, the wormhole?
Lad giggles and winks at me. You are last as usually, Rann. We are ready. Please follow me. Rann nods then kisses my forehead swinging us towards the opposite side of Rita, following behind Lad.
I look behind my left collar bone. 
Rita stands like a statue without dragging her five-foot dress train with us.

conference room.
The dang meeting room is located inside the tallest freaking building in the universe which happens to be on Tech world at 985 stories of glass and chrome metals.
I wobble with seasickness from the swift lift of the fastest freaking elevator in the universe holding my tummy with one hand and my mouth with the other. Rann assists me off the elevator before I tumble upon the hard tile in princess embarrassment. I sigh with nausea.
Rann cuddles me into the large space when my nostrils smell the sweat of male bodies and the perfume of females. I cover my mouth forcing the bile from my esophagus to settle back down my throat and inside my stomach. I sigh with nausea.
The room is filled with small, medium and large cylinders attached to poles. I recognize the design as telescopes. I sigh with nausea.
I flash back mentally in the ninth alien time line when King Dirk used a telescope to spy on Prince Rann on planet Agri with very bad outcomes.
Rann pulls the chair when I sit exhaling and inhaling feeling better more nervous than nausea. I study the old fashioned looking Planet Earth telescopes. Rann sits and scoots next to me patting my hand. This is an official royal thingy, not social thingy.
Rann needs to present his royal face, not happy face. He nods to the host.
Male: tall, slender, red hair, pale skin, brown eyes, scientist, lab coat. He pats the biggest telescope like a kitty-cat, tenderly and lovingly.
Prince Rann, Princess Starra, Viscount Lad, King Rex, Queenetta Rosa, Marquis Tok
Rann raises his palm, smiling. No titles please, just your vital and valuable information
I distort my face into pouted lips, a wrinkled forehead, wiggling my earlobes under my long hair then whine in princess piccolo. My new thing, whining in princess piccolo. I made that up just now. Vital and valuable information
Rann wraps his arm around my chair, mostly then whispers into my right eardrum. Princess Starra, this is your first official royal exchange meeting
Sorry, wearing my distorted face to the science team members.
The lead scientist does not bother to introduce his team, nodding and saying. I am very honored to present our new scientific discovery which has led to this new experiment. As you know we have explored our universe from one side of the solar sun system from the wormhole through the Wall and over to the second bright sun. We have mapped all planets, stars, and spatial phenomenon realizing that we are the only inhabitants of our galaxy. There are not other life forms anywhere else but on the existing planets of Commerce, Agri, and some citizens on Tech, nods.
There was. The second scientist nods.
Was? I wear my distorted face adding an ugly feature, crinkling my cute button nose.
Rann pats my arm, Princess
We are exploring the possibility of new life on a newly forming moon, the leader scientist nods.
What? How? Who? Where? Why? I shout when Rann pats my hand. I exhale with silence.
The leader scientist exhales then nods to the nobles. Allow me to explain, nobles and noblettes. A huge sunspot has been blasting the star with magnetic clouds for the past two weeks producing some of the most vibrant and visible summertime auroras in years, maybe centuries. It is a fairly large geomagnetic storm seen over the past twenty hours and it should continue for the next two days. The sky wide red lights have produced dancing bands of pretty color which displays as far as south to the asteroid of Resort. The shimmering green light sends a gusting magnetic cloud hurtling toward Sahara at more than a million miles per hour, nods.
What would happen if a citizen was on the star storm or in the band cloud of pretty dancing colors of light? Lad asks. I wear my new fugly ugly distorted face then frown it at Lad. That is a very good question coming from dense noble. I ponder how is the noble in charge of all the smart bots and sleek war ship. O! I just thought of war ships. There is not war here only peace.
The leader scientist nods and smiles at Lad. That is a very good question, Lad. It would be most unfortunate. The citizen would die instantly from the poisonous fumes of nitrogen and hydrogen. There is no oxygen component to form breathable air for the citizen or us or them or any person. Sunspots are planet-sized splotches formed by the suns roiling magnetic field. The sunspots become unstable and explode producing flares and propelling charges particles and radiation usually into outer space. In this case the beams are hitting and reflecting off the dark side of the moon into outer space and bouncing off stars
I wear my distorted face adding a new feature, tossing my free hand, since Rann pats the other one. How did you get this data if the probes were destroyed?
Leader scientist darts his eyelids at Rann then Rann clears his throat. He says. By other means which proved very reliable, nods and pats my hand. I sigh with sorrow.
Rann sent citizens, alive and breathing who composed a volunteer scout team. They did not come back from the dark side of the moon, because some thing or some one or some life form was there, waiting and watching.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe out. Breathe in.
I cannot see, feel, sense, taste or hear it, yet.
The sunspot activity will produce a gigantic geomagnetic storm that would eradicate any life form including citizens or wild life. The solar scientists on the space station of Tech said that Sahara sun is supposed to be in the quiet phase of its 121-year cycle with sunspot activity close to minimum. But the past six months have produced six severe geomagnetic storms and fifteen extreme flares. The scientific satellites, five in total, blasted off the marked pad from the single rocket zipper ship into a golden sunset on the planet of Tech on a mission to figure out the source of the powerful geomagnetic sub storms on the newly formed moon of Sahara. The zipper was designed to implode over the atmosphere of Sahara and launched the probes in close proximity of the moon without entering the gravitation pull of the living world. It took 20 hours before we can view the results. The scientists hoped the probe can unravel the mystery of the glowing and growing storms that can damage communications rays, disable power grids and shoot high levels of radiation down on the star ships flying near the Wall and in the atmosphere of Tech world. The planet of Sahara was radiated with little bits of the intensified heat and wind which created a spectacular light show in the northern and southern hemisphere. It was called the aurora borealis by the scientists. The planet of Earth had at one time the same lighting effects, nods and smiles at me. He said that for me. Rann squeezes my hand. The citizens like me even being an alien from the Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. He says. We have tried to understand and analysis data of what causes the onset of these sub storms for the past six months. We have not found out the origin. It is almost like the phenomenon is alive. The source has been elusive. I sigh with fear.
Everything aint fine. My Tele senses ping.
Tok laughs and tosses his hand. Elusive, then catch it and bring it before us for torment, the others laugh.
Leader scientist frowns at Tok then clears his throat. He says. Less than an hour, one of the probes exploded. About two hours after launch two running probes disappeared of the comlen screen
Another bites the dust, Rann chuckles with the others, patting my hand. I do not giggle but remove mad and silence at Rann, the nobles, and the scientists.
The leader scientist says. The ground station on Tech world monitored the signals from each probe with constant communication and feed back, if you look at this magnetic map of the asteroid. Every four days the levels peak in tandem with the ground stations. We should receive data from the probes in about four hours and continue receiving information for another two hours until the satellites disintegrated in the atmosphere of the moon.
What triggers the sub storms? Rann asks.
We do not know. The results are vague. One theory holds that the sub storms start about 50,000 miles about the moons equator. The moon has developed an equator which is quite remarkable.
I bet its sizzling hot there. Rann chuckles.
I show him my fugly ugly distorted face. Rann!?
He whispers into my earlobe. Sorry!
Leader scientist says. The distance is about a sixth of the way to the moon, when the electromagnetic turbulence disrupts the flow of the intense space currents ebbing in the air waves of outer space. The other theory is that the sub-storms are triggered about 100,000 miles above the equator with the spontaneous conversion of magnetic energy into heat. Particle acceleration then triggers the sub storm energy bubble.
Which theory is correct? Lad frowns.
We dont know. We have to run more tests and analysis of the data, Rann, nods to Rann. Rann nods, when the leader scientist smiles and says. Excellent decision, Rann, I would to describe our new thing, smiles and scans the table of nobles and noblettes. We have created a maser ray to collect data in the forms of signals and soil but not destroy matter on the new star. The newly created satellite will carry to the newly formed star two types of maser rays, a passive hydrogen ray and rubidium atomic frequency ray. The passive hydrogen ray will be the primary reference for collecting and gathering the navigation signals of the star.
Brilliant, Lad smiles.
Leader scientist nods and smiles. Thank you! The rubidium ray will be the hot permanently running backup collecting and gathering data and signals for the hydrogen ray instantly taking over should the primary ray fail and allow signal generation to continue interrupted to the Tech world observation center 20 hours per day, five days per week, and 300 days per year.
Excellent plan, Lad nods.
Why dont we just visit the moon? I wear my distorted face adding a cute head tilt as my curls fall into my pretty face. I giggle scratching the hair strands from my eyeballs to see him.
The leader scientist clears his throat, staring at me. No one travels pass the planet of Sahara since the accident. The radiation dosage is too intense and too contained in the outer dark space. You would die immediately, Princess Starra.
I wear my distorted face. Rann said no titles. I wanna know the answer. How do you know that I will die immediately, sir? I got some awesome talents...
Rann squeezes the hand, not gently patting. He knows, Starra. The scientists are intelligent and educated but I have my Tele-powers. My Tele-powers are sending me some butt-kicking painful silence hints. I sigh with doubt.
Have you analyzed all of the options? Rex frowns then the leader scientist nods. Rex exhales. Have you evaluated and assessed each and every single option? the leader scientist nods when Rex exhales. What are the options for us, sir?
Leader scientist scratches his sweaty forehead, first then views the report, second, then studies the telescope, third then views Rex, fourth. He exhales then says. Probe it. Ignore it. Destroy it.
Everything aint fine. My Tele senses ping.
Rex nods to Rann. Rann nods to Rex then the prince orders to the leader scientist. Destroy it.

Day 250. planet Commerce. castle of Rann and Starra. reading room. afternoon.
Rann stands inside the archway smelling up the dang room with his stinky sweat from golfing or hunting or swimming in a sewer pond. I do not view him reading my new adventure novel. My T-powers sense stunned, solemn, sadness from his emotions. I sigh with intrigue.
Everything aint fine. My Tele senses ping.
I frown at him. What has happened, Rann? I sigh with concern.
Rita, he whispers.
What about Rita, sweetheart?
She is dead. Rann whispers. I sigh with sorrow.
I gasp, standing. Something bad has happened. I dont like T-probing the mind with bad stuff. Dead. How? Who? When? I walk and hug Rann.
Poison. He whispers.
Poison!? I sigh with solution.
Lad, he whispers.
I back step frowning with deep worry, wearing my distorted fugly ugly face. I toss my hands shaking my curls and hips in angry. Poison is Dirks method of death, Rann grabs my flinging arms pulling into his chest.
I flash back mentally into the first alien first time when Ann and Rosa died. Dirk poisoned them slowly.
I say into Ranns naked chest. Dirk uses the venom from the spiders and snakes on the Sahara, Rann, pants. I sigh with mystery.
Dirk is dead. I cannot find him. You cannot find him. I have tried. You have tried lots of times. He is dead. Starra!?
What?
I am saying Dirk is dead.
I exhale. In the first
Rann suffocates my face not being able to talk. Impossible! Dirk is dead. Rita died from bad mushrooms.
When will Bbot know the verified laboratory results of Rita and the bad mushrooms? I jerk back from his chest, frowning. Is Bbot not examining Ritas body for verification of the poison?
No, he studies me.
No. I wear my distorted fugly ugly face then repeat with a nasty princess piccolo.
He exhales shaking his skull. Lad is quite upset. He found her. Bbot could not save the baby either.
The baby did not survive either. Rann, Bbot must test
No.
Dirk killed her by mistake, of course, I nod wearing my fugly ugly distorted face.
Hes dead, he kisses my forehead when I part my lips. Hes dead please repeat after me, Princess Starra.
Hes dead, Princess Starra. I pout. I sigh with doom.
He smiles. Thank you, hugs and kissed me. He does that princely behavior a lot.
Youre welcome, smiles.
I love you, a lot. Rann smiles.
I love you, more.
This is an accident, a tragedy nothing more.
When is the funeral?
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow, so soon?
A private ceremony on Tech World only family. No nobles. No citizens.
Are we going?
No. I am not a very close friend of Lad. Ty is my best friend.
I understand, when Rann hugs me, again. I enjoy his strong arms around me and warm touch, pondering too much. Dirk is alive and I will find him too. I sigh with duty.

Day 252. castle of me and him. dining room. hot. humid. 81F. morning.
I wrap both warm hands around my tummy then gag without the vile green spit standing inside the archway of the dining-room. The good smell of the breakfast platters with white vertical steam and hot horizontal fires under the pot and pan burners is making me sick to my stomach. I dont understand. Im never sick, always healthy.
Rann pads behind me wrapping his arms around me. He cuddles and whispers with worry. Whats wrong?
I gag then whisper viewing the floor, since the sight of the breakfast platters makes me sick to my stomach. My tummy hurts, well not my tummy. My gut hurts. No! I feel that I have heartburn. No. I feel that I have a sore throat. Yeah, swings into his worried face. I nod, faking a smile. Yeah, I got a little cold. Im developing a little cough. Cough. Cough then back step into the dining-room. I sigh with sickness.
I am so sorry you feel bad, darling! Why dont you try and consume one muffin if you really are developing a cold? You need the nutrients and proteins, he walks forward as I walk backwards. I dont hit the table when Rann shoves the chair from the wood. Then he assists me to sit. I sit at the table as the bots hover around placing piles of food into my empty plate.
I gag wrapping my hands around my tummy. I sigh with heartburn.
Rann scoops a forkful of meat, grinning at me. You eat too many desserts. I believe that it is time for you to practice more restraint, shoving the food into his parted lips.
I exhale feeling heartburn inside my heart valve then hup. A cross between a huff and gulp of air, not a drinking gulp. Rann chuckles grinning and chewing at me, since he is always the gentleman of the universe, being the prince of the universe, too. I hup with annoyance presenting a fine set of fish lips, which is sorta kinda close to a pout or a pucker. But Rann doesnt wanna kiss me with a cold or a cough. I hup with annoyance. Do not. I have not have any dessert, since the day before yesterday, swinging my two fingers into the air, hupping, again. That was two days ago. I sigh with heartburn.
I exhale touching my tummy with both hands, viewing the wall. I remembered eating two chocolate desserts last night, not one then it was three chocolate desserts the night before, right after shoveling down the delicious rice and turkey entre. I sigh with appetite.
And Im not accessing my Tele-powers either, since theyre jumbled with mixed emotions, not related to my developing cold. I feel heartburn sensation flame from my stomach into my throat then back down into my heart.
I hup with fear. Im having a heart attacknawheart burn from the desserts and a heart ache from the babies. You have heard the correct noun right, little infant Royalettes.
We visited with Ann and Bartholomew and their newborn infant son, last night in the hospital ward on Planet Uni. They are the last of the nobles and noblettes having a little tiny baby royalette. I sigh with jealousy.
The noble babies have come into the universe one by one. Tok and Ivy have a baby boy. Ty and Joy have a baby girl. Dov and Bea have a baby boy. Jon and Jo have a baby boy. Ito and Las have a baby girl. Ira and Mar have a baby boy.
Viscountess Rita and her baby died two days ago. The death was a mystical medical mysterious, food poisoning.
And I aint sighing on the dead people, yall. Forget it! I vow total silence like the rest of the universe.
So Im not sick or ill, just jealous. My nerves are raw with unhappy thoughts for my unhappy non-pregnancy thus my tummy hurts. I sigh with relieve.
You are very healthy. Rann says then shoves more food into his mouth, chewing and staring at me.
I curl my lip from another heartburn attack. Know that. I sigh with annoyance.
I have an idea.
I curl my lip, without the heartburn attack. Naw! I can, do, and have read his mind being the more talented Tele, sneering. Rann has called Bbot, the biological robot for sickness from Planet Uni to attend my heartache. I sigh with heartache.
Bbot is very talented for a robot.
Know that too, Rann. I do not need a hovering trashcan over me, scooting from the table when Rann stands then runs around to assist me from the chair like a gentleman of the universe. I cuddle into his arms, faking a smile from the heartburn. Ill lie down and rest for a few minutes then Im be peachy keen and other happy fruit flavors, snarling with another heartburn attack. I hup caressing my tummy.
Rann and I walk like one beautiful being into the hallway. He annoys me for his fun. Starra, you have complaining of a tummy ache for nineteen days.
Ya getting score like the game playoffs
Sweetheart, I am very concerned about your well-being, princess. It took me ten time lines to catch up with you, alien, kissing my cheekbone after the insult when I sneer. He chuckles, then five long agonizing solar days and four moon nights before we could marry as prince and princess. And then you were almost killed
Kidnapped, buddy! I can take care of my person, Rann.
He hugs me until I cant annoy with vocal cords anymore. He exhales. Starra, Im very concern
I  am fine.
Starra, Im very worried.
I cant talk.
I am the King. Rann laughs cuddling then kisses my cheekbone.
I cant escape from Ranns bug hug.
A Royal decree, Princess. Rann chuckles and strolls with me along the empty hallways, since the rest of the staff and bots are working, not me. I am a princess, now.
I hup then fume with words. Where. Are. We. Going?
He smiles, nodding. Ya know Bbot happens to be here today attending some of the other staff here inside the castle. I find that a convenience coincidental commonality. Rann nods cuddling me.
Say that three times really fast, without breathing, pal, laughing my fanny off then I hup.
He frowns with fish lips, not repeating my cute command as princess. Bbot just happen to be wondering the corridors of the Royal castle, today. I repeated.
Say that three times really fast, without breathing, pal! I am princess of the universe, slick, giggling then hupping with annoyance. I sign with heartburn.
Bbot can examine you and your aching tummy.
I am not sick.
He stops inside the archway as I fling backward trying to get away from him. He drags me into the archway, chuckling. We both admire the white sterile space when I hup the cold from the strong odor. He fingers the object. Bbot is here. You are here. Lookie, here! We have arrived at the medical wing of the castle.
Rann constructed a medical wing that day after we married for the Royal baby. We both want children. The rest of the noblettes were pregnant when we get married. So logically we thought that we would join the group. That was twenty-six days, ago.
The baby has yet to be conceived.
Im getting so worried being an alien the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy. Yall know! Im an earthling.
Yall know. Rann has part of my Earth blood in him, too.
I back flash mentally into the second alien time line when I transfused my blood into Ranns dying body, without my permission.
I flash past mentally into the sixth alien time line when I gave a sliver of my heart to Ranns dying body, again from Ritas maser.
Ah, yall! Ranns heart literally pumps for me with my alien blood in and out of his cardiovascular tissues. Now! Thats freaking true love, yall!
I flash present mentally I want a child. He wants a child. We both want a prince or princess child. I sigh with heartachenawheartburn.
I hup with air while stubbornly standing inside the archway, since I have totally absolutely positively avoided this wing, this room, and this purpose with my very deep emotional mixed feelings of non-pregnancy. Rann shoves me with love towards the pinky cloth draped medical operating table for my eventual baby delivery process, one day.
He assists me up the tiny step ladder like Im bloated with a baby. He smiles. This is a routine exam. Dont worry! Ill hold your hand the entire time with Bbot present, kissing my ear, cheek, hand. I hup then motor boat my lips with heartburn. My tummy hurts. My heart aches. I sign with heartburn.
Yall know. I must have picked up a baddie germ from the sterile hospital(yeah, babe)when I visited the first royal baby, Ivy and Toks youngun. I admit. I have been eating a lot since that stressful and depression moment of my non-baby birth. I sigh with heartache.
Rann holds my hand patting it like a purr kitten, nodding and smiling. Bbot hovers on the other side without sharp medical instructions.
Gotcha! The medical devises are built into its steel body that looks like a silver cylinder large trashcan where my trash is loaded on Starbuck Plantation.
I exhale then hup with sadness, not seeing Ming and Maritza since crash-landing here.
I have finished the first scan, Princess Starra.
I fake a smile and a symptom. Im not sick. I gotta cold. Cough. Cough. Sneeze. Sneeze.
What are your present symptoms? Bbot requires.
Ache
Tummy ache, Rann nods and smiles like he has won first place at the pie eating contest when I hup. 
The belly of Bbot blinks with pretty lights of blue, yellow, red, green scanning my dress and shoes. Interesting. It drones.
Whats interesting? Rann frowns with concern.
I hup. My colds interesting. Cough. Cough. Sneeze. Sneeze, then I giggle.
Bbot scans with the pretty lights on my dress again. Fascinating.
Whats fascinating? Rann sneers with worry. I hup with heartburn swinging my shoes under my dress. Im tired, hungry, and bored.
Bbot stops scanning with the pretty lights than doesnt frown. It has not face only teacups for eyeballs and a round hole for the mouth which is also the audio speaker. It has no nose, either only smooth metal. When did the pain start, Princess Starra?
I swing my thigh-high boots then exhale then stare at the far wall with deep thoughts going backwards in time. Then I part my lips when Rann frowns. Twenty five days, ago.
Naw. I hum in dull b-flat alto cord from my throat like a lioness.
Yes. Rann clearly utters an English word.
I shake my curls, Nope.
Yes. he nods.
Nu, humming in deep a-flat baritone from my throat.
Rann exhales patting my hand. He nods to Bbot. Starra has been complaining about her tummy ache for twenty-five days, nine hours, six minutes, and two seconds.
Naw, presenting duck lips, fugly ugly and humming in a dull c-flat alto cord from my throat like a tigress.
What happened twenty five days ago? Bbot doesnt blink, wink, or stink viewing Rann. Hes the King since all bots bow to the king of the universe.
I am thinking.
Rann chuckles, smiles, nodding then hugs me. We were married for twenty-six days, our wedding day.
The same day you were in the hospital. Is that correct, also? Bbot drones.
Well, I wasnt sick to my stomach. I was injured from the attack on my wedding day, reliving the event within my mind when Rann hups with annoyance too. I sigh with surprise. 
Rann never found the identity of my attacker making him both fury and furious. I was mad, too. My attacker went free without leaving a set of fist prints around his cheekbones from Rann. However Rann is still looking.
Your injuries healed nicely with no side effects from your rather unfortunate collision with something. Bbot drones without feelings or emotions when Rann growls.
What is causing the pain inside Princess Starra? Tell me, now, Bbot! Rann caresses his leg where his maser usually is tied, sneering then growling. I sigh with funny.
I exhale running my tummy from another heartburn blast. I sigh with somethings wrong.
There is no pain that I can diagnosis, Prince Rann for your wife, Princess Starra. Bbot drones.
Shes in pain. Starra has complained for weeks about stomach and the accompanying heartburn. Rann explained.
Heartache, I substitute while remembering the cute little tiny babes inside their cute soft blankets in the arms of their sweet beautiful mommies. I sigh with depression.
The pain will rescind. Bbot drones.
How long will that take before Starra feels better? Rann asked.
Precisely, 255 days more or less. Bbot drones.
I frown with duck lips then fish lips then motor boat lips. Theres a difference in the mammal lips. Then I exhale and hup at the same thing. It sounded really funny. But Rann is busy growling while I am busying hupping. Im going to be in pain for 200 more days of this heartache, whining like i have stomped my right thigh-high boot into a spilled milk from breakfast.
Rann releases my hand and body then whips his arms and hands killing the air molecules like a real king of the universe. He sneers. I command that you administrate medicine to Starra stopping her tummy ache, Rann decreed.
I cannot, Prince Rann. Bbot drones.
I snort then hup with entertainment. Rann doesnt carry around weapons at home. If he did Bbot would be a pile of silver goop. I giggle then hup mentally cheering my man of the universe for protecting me any my body parts.
I command that you perform an operation on Starra stopping her tummy ache, Rann growls then sneers then snarls.
I wonder if there are other mean mammal sounds that Rann can imitate. Hell be a great daddy humming the sounds to our little baby during pretend battle of the pretend foes of the pretend game.
I cannot, Prince Rann. Bbot drones from the royal dare when Rann hisses. Yeah! Hes talented, my man. He is hissing like a Sahara snake. I guess spiders dont make any type of sound. I sighed with danger.
I dictate that Starra cannot endure 255 days of pain, so do something or else for Starra, Bbot. Rann growls at the trashcan with no emotions or feelings but circuits. I giggle then hup then caress my tummy. I sigh with heartburn.
Princess Starra must. Bbot drones whipping around its metal limps.
I am decreeing you to heal Starra immediately, right now, this moment. Or something else is going to unpleasantly happen to you, Bbot? Rann growls the unnamed threat. This man loves me. I sigh with true love.
Prince Rann, I cannot. The process will finish in more or less 255 days. Bbot drones.
Princess Starra will not be in pain for 255 days. I command, I will not allow it. Rann sneers, tossing his arms.
I sneer and slap his wavering arm. Rann, Im fine. I can endure the pain for another 255 days. How long is that? I do not want any type of cutting-open-my-body operation. The biological robot has a malfunction if it cannot diagnosis my pain in my tummy. I dont want the thing touching me. I sigh with pain.
Eight and one half months, Princess Starra. Bbot drones.
Thanks. I sigh with heartburn.
Bbot, I am the king. I demand, command and dictate that you heal Starra. Rann growls like a tiger then hisses like a snake.
Princess Starra is not sick. There is no healing for her. The pain within her abdomen might possibly stop in another month or six weeks. This type of pain is very, very hard to predict even for a biological robot. Bbot drones, without feeling and facial expressions.
He tosses his hands, arms, and skull. Too long, too late, too tomorrow, I giggle at Ranns royal performance. He sneers. You must do something for Starra right now at this moment here in the castle, growls.
The baby will come within 255 days, more or less, Prince Rann. Princess Starra will not be in pain anymore. But I heard that the tiny Royalettes are very difficult and cause lots of emotional feelings among the Royal noblettes. Bbot drones.
The baby!? I drop my mouth.
Rann drops his mouth. The baby!?
Bbot drones, without emotion or express. Princess Starra is experiencing morning sickness with her first royal child. The condition is very common
Our baby. I smile, giggling, not kicking my boots into the air. I dont feel like bouncing around the room.
Our baby. Rann lifts me into his arm then cradles, first then hugs, second then swirls us in a circle, third. We laugh and sing on harmony key together. He stops then kisses me. I love you, a lot, mommy princess. Rann whispers.
I love you, more, daddy prince. I whisper, smiling.
Bbot, why didnt you tell us the pain was the baby? Rann touches my nose, smiling.
The baby is not causing the pain. Princess Starra is not in pain. She is having morning sickness. Bbot drones.
Forgot it! I smile and touch his nose tip with my nose tip then wiggle it back and forth.
Rann smiles into my face. Bbot, thank you for the wonderful news. Dismissed! Bbot flies backwards, while I ignore it.
I smile into Ranns happy face. Were pregnant, prince daddy, giggles with happiness.
Were parents-to-be, princess mommy. Rann kisses me, not Bbot. I sigh with extreme true love.

Day 5399. planet Agri. red dirt field. yellow hot sun. baby blue skies. no clouds. 82F. afternoon.
Watch there! Rann fingers the blue sky on Agri. I cuddle in front of his chest, watching the object. He says. Its smaller than a zipper for one person, a daredevil pilot like me, when I stomp his boot. He chuckles, and like you, my princess.
I exhale frowning with duck lips then sneer. What is that?
My creation, Rann chuckles, sweet breathing over my hair roots, being taller.
I T-scan the tiny vessel then gasp. Stang!
Watch your language and her, my princess, Rann hugs me. The single one pilot seat in front of five powerful afterburners flies in a straight line at an altitude of 500 feet(yeah, babe!)five and two zeros feet from the freaking crop rows of ripen green beans. Then the nose cone dives down 100 feet dropping within six feet of the green beans. I gasp not breathing. Rann holds me so tight that I cant punch my throat to quick start my breathing.
The pilot zooms over a short hayfield at 520 miles-per-hours pulling tons of loose yellow hay strands and millions of invisible air molecules from the poor scary hiding wildlife avoiding the 20-foot oak tree. I inhale then gasp then hold my sweet breath. I dance inside Ranns chest. he doesnt let me go or I might just beat the heck out of his fanny.
The pilot slows then paces taking a 180-degree turn to the right passing the crop fields, ago.
I narrow my eyelashes, frowning with fish lips. Whats she doing?
Spraying pesticides over food crops killing the little critters before they eat the pod and the pea. Rann exhales, releasing me.
Why made I ask? I T-scan the ship and the pilot with my T
It is an old-fashioned method of crop dusting from the south in the United States of America. The Agri-farmer shouts coming up behind my fanny.
I exhale, crossing my arms. Know that! Im a farmer from Planet Earth. I did not kill bugs using this risky operation either.
Jenn probes on the mini-bot at the electronic waves. Calm down, Mama! Its both safe and fun. Jess loves flying. Shes a very, very good pilot. Shes got excellent instincts and reflexes, my twin daughter Jenn nods and giggles moving beside me as Rann shifts away from me, swiftly.
I have repeated both mentally and vocally warned him about endangering my daughters in his experimental star ship designs, but he never listens to reason or me, again. I exhale then sneer then hiss then softly control my princess piccolo. Whos concept, this time? My nostrils inflame and eyes bulge at Rann.
Rann fingers Jenn, Jenn
Jess, Jenn announced.
Jess, Rann repeated and smiled, patting my right long arm.
Jenn giggles. Dads.
Rann chuckles. Jenn, Jess, and me, princess dearest.
Im the scientist. Jenn giggles and nods. Jesss the monkey, laughs with Rann, when I stream from my earlobes.
Jess walks from the tree orchard giggling and grinning. Get it right, sis! Or Ill turn you into a tiny furry black and white monkey, at least youll be speaking chimpanzees using our shared Telepathy, laughs with her kin, except me.
Im the pilot. Jess slaps her chest then bows.
She volunteered. Jenn giggles and slaps Jesss bicep.
Jenn?! I sour and frown at my only twin children.
Jenn giggles fiddling with the mini-bot. Mom, calm down, again! I know that Jess told ya the first, the second and third time Lookie! These tiny ships are not the rickety old barnstormers from your days on whatever planet in whatever universe. Our universe is progressive and advanced.
I beg your pardon, young lady. I frown with fury.
Jess fingers the ship, nodding and grinning. These are state of art high-tech highly specialized low altitude high speed performance ships. The ship wont stall in a steep dive.
I T-scan the metal and electronic design of the tiny star ship, quickly. I find the equipment and electronic very sound and safe. But I still frown and growl at Rann. Im glad to hear that scientific fact, sorta.
Rann slaps his chest then wraps his arms around his daughters so I do not attack and draw blood, his. He smiles. I designed them, personally.
The Agri farmer appears out of the tree lines, fingering the ship. He passes me walking to the ship, saying. This is a popular industry on Agri. All the young kids want to be top gun dust crop pilots, too, winks at Jenn. Jess is the first graduated pilot of the Crop Core, chuckles. We use only the latest new technology developed by Rann coupled with latest electronics. This design has a dusting material case on the underbelly of the ship. One seat for one pilot, no other crew is needed, when the girls and Rann follow him.
I stomp my boot high heel then exhale then stomp behind my family. A dusting material case for holding some dangerous chemicals, I presume, I frown at Ranns back muscles. He scoots around the side of the ship out of my eye view, not T-view.
The bots mixes the required hundred and fifty gallons of pungent fertilizes and pesticides and dumps the materials into the hopper, the ships holding tank. I promise no child touches the poisons. The holding tank only releases a pound per acre. No fumes, either, views me then smiles. He nods. Im a seer. I can read your mind, princess, fingers the ship. An excellent ventilation system, too boot. See the slanted panels, they open during the lift and close in a dive. No fumes, frowns at me. You keep thinking that, princess, when I cross my arms fuming at Rann. He stands on the opposite squatting and checking the slants of the equipment. He nods and smiles. I know that you used to be a farm girl. Im impressed with ya, Starra. I nod at him. He says. The navigation system is controlled by satellite feed directly to the pilots for their coordinates and marks of field to spray, fingers the sky of Agri. I couldnt see the satellite even with my Tele-sight, too far away into outer space, since I am too far emotional to try. He nods. Before, during, and after the pilots hit their targets, not in war either, chuckles. I mean hit the fields. All of their movements are recorded and guided by the onboard state of art navigational bot. this ship is very safe designed by Rann. The bot lines up each pass and shows them exactly which field to spray, chuckles.
So we dont collide with objects. Jenn winks and laughs with Jess.
What? I drop my mouth viewing the farmer then Rann. Rann drops behind the ship, again.
The farmer smiles. The pilot pulls the large lever for the hopper and a cloud-like yellow mist falls from the modified extended wings onto the field...
Dead bugs, Jenn laughs with Jess.
He frowns at me. No, princess, the ships engines dont cut out or off or stall on this baby. Rann built it to soar
with the unsuspected flying wildlife, giggles Jess.
Jess means dumb flying birds, Mom. Jenn giggles.
The famer nods. The ship has all sort of fancy high tech comlen enhancement features and a set of maser weapons.
Dead bird, Jenn elbows and giggles with Jess.
The farmer frowns at me. No, princess, the ship can avoid any type of tiny or big wind shear weather pattern on Agri. Wind shear is not really common here like on Tech world, thou. I and my cup of coffee are up at four in the morning calculating wind speed, storm preparation and cloud formation for the days dusting run, nods and views Rann. Im always open to great improvements, Rann. Rann nods and grins. The farmer says. The new technology makes the job easier and pilots are perfectly exact with the droppings just like Rann predicted and Jenn calculated. Bulls eye, girl, chuckles then smiles at me. This is a school science project for Uni. Didnt Rann tell ya, princess?
Jenn giggles and winks at Rann. I told her.
Jess giggles and winks at Rann. I told her too.
Rann smiles and nods. I told them to tell ya, princess darling, when I growl, not in affection at my husband.
The farmer says. I came to Rann when the Abots messed up the seedlings and the mature crops. He and the girls came up with an idea the state of the art technological advance aircraft holding our fragile citizens, scratches the sweat on his forehead. We dont have a lot of folks left in the universe, now days. We cherish the ones we got. I use land and water Abots to clear and plow plant gather weed and harvest crops and open farmland. The land is disappearing into the wilderness being eaten up by the overgrowth of the forest and wildlife. The robot malfunctions, break downs and halting slow our food planting, without proper maintained and updates since Tech world is busy, busy with business, none of my bees wax, either. I couldnt argue with the logic in the area of machines, robots, and bots. Im a farmer of crops and cows. The circuits and wires burn, break and bend, laughs. If broken, fix it. An ancient Earth expression, we like to say here too. The fixing flesh and blood really thinking and smart technicians on Tech world are rare too. They dont travel much to other planets like before. We need more citizens here. after lots of wars we pretty have ran out of folks, good citizens. This science project has been fun for the girls. They laugh and joke during the down times but work really hard, princess. Theyre good kids. This school science project teaches them fun and games in learning about quantum physics plus duty and responsibility to the land, the animals, the citizens, and the entire universe. I guess. This new operation enables pilots to work faster with greater precision than ever before; more acres are getting sprayed with accuracy. The Abots are too old, too hard to program even with a screwdriver, now days. Im too old, too. These high-tech gadgets make my stomach flip-flop when lift from the soil four inches or so. To me, the entire citizen work force has been reduced from the huge number of the three million or so in the past. Our universe has experienced wars, battles, fights, explosives, bombs, and other deadly stuff. A mama produces one child every nine months like on Earthlings. The child has to grow and learn before becoming productive in our society. Tech world is almost hundred percent automated. Robots need to be programming by hands. The programming hands needs to flesh and blood citizens. Yeah, I have seem too much technology and too less flesh, nods then drinks the coffee. I sigh with frustration.
The current time line is the same, not changing. There hasnt been a new altered time line. This is my new and old life in the unknown universe. Theres no stopping the time line. This one will continue forever and ever and ever and ever. Dirk is dead. He died 19 years ago. Rann and I have lived 19 years in peace with our beautiful twin daughters as the royal family on Commerce in the unknown universe. Citizens who died in the previous time lines are back to life in the eleventh one but have died from different events of accidents, murders, robbery and illness like a real society similar to Planet Earth. The final conflict created and caused Lord Dirk fizzled out without fanfare after I finally killed him with my bare hands and a jolt of electricity in the tenth and final time line. I sigh with finale.
The farmer clears his throat when I emerge from my mental thoughts. He smiles. That ends the crop tour for the morning time. Girls, come back, tomorrow. We can dust the east side of the planet probably take the entire day since your princess-mama approves, nods to me. I nod and smiles to him understanding the mechanics of the new ship with my smart neurons and Tele powers. He shakes Ranns hand.
Jess and Jenn nod then cuddle me as we swing towards my carrier ship. Jess giggles. I feel free as a bird when Im flying above the tree lines and in the bright sky without any limitations of gravity. I see for miles and miles everything. I feel calm, happy, thrilled, excited...
I cuddle my daughters in love and protection, nodding. Im glad the thrill is located at the end of your sentence, giggles.
Rann jogs behind me then shoves me, tenderly away from my daughters. I sail forward sopping with my T-brakes then spin around. I park hands on my hips, growling.
Rann chuckles and takes my mama-pose between my daughters with his daddy-pose. He says into each daughters smiling face. The A-ship works brilliantly from my brilliant planning and flight crew. Now! We fly from the skyline trapeze cube at Carnival. Carnivals in another two months, sweethearts. We have two months to plan, prep, and practice for your magnificent feat of daring aerobatics of the new flyosphere.
What!? Jess giggles. I sigh with danger.
Rann nods and chuckles, walking with his girls. Flyosphere craft is a new craft made from a portmanteau of flying and atmosphere like flying into the atmosphere with our new created flyosphere craft at Carnival.
I moan padding in front of him towards the carrier first. Creating words! Creating stunts! Creating danger! I sigh with doom.

Day 5400. green lawn. red building, orange auditorium, Royal Twins Princess Birthday Party. yellow sun. baby blue skies. white clouds. 85F. afternoon.
During our merry, long and peaceful reign as prince and princess of the universe, man and woman, and husband and wife I conceived and birthed two beautiful daughter twins named Jess and Jenn.
One is in personality close to Rann, and the other has a personality close to me. Both are smart, strong, self-reliant, daring, intuitive, optimistic, intense, and rebellious mischievous. The girls are tall like Rann standing at five feet and ten inches with long wavy gray waist length hair and silver eyes with dark complexions from me. Ta-da!
I elegantly stroll around the colorful commodities booths peeking at the numerous pretty merchandise: food, jewelry, house wares, clothes, robots, entertainment devices, star ships, not numerous citizens. I stop and giggle.
I finger the cowgirl boots in hot pink animal skin grown from boot toe up towards the inlay, not quiet completely touching the lip of the boot. I say. Whys the boot not completely pink-colored?
The girl exhales then frowns then lifts the pair into her hand. She shakes them side to side. The dye didnt take onto the unknown animal leather. I dont understand why. Over my decades of making boots this particular pair has a mind of its own like its possessed or stubborn or something.
I giggle reaching for the item. Ill take them.
The vendor female frowns at me. Beg pardon, you can take them after you pay for them.
I smile. I sorry. I will pay then take them, slaps the currs for the boots. She hands them to me when I swing and prance to the wooden bench. I slip my sandal off and the boots on. I stand tapping a dance along the sideway. I dont care if eyeballs see me or lips curl into a snigger. I giggle. I need some socks so I dont get any sore on my naked feet, scans the vendor booths then sees the clothing item. I dash for socks. I pay then slip them between my naked feet. I stand dancing and humming down the vanilla-colored sideway running into the balloons, dancers, musicians, slow moving cart rides and ponies. I couldnt talk Rann out of the ponies. He wanted all the children to have fun at the girls party. I giggle. The girls wanted the ponies also. I sigh with curiosity.

red building. orange auditorium.
I prance and dance with the invisible song inside my skull then stop. I survey the old red building with the rectangular shaped viewing windows and numerous gray doors on the sides of the structure. There are no gather citizens at the entry point. I exhale frowning with puzzlement.
There are no entry guards since it is peacetime, not war. I stomp up the concrete yellow-painted steps alone humming and dancing in my cowgirl boots.
I stand inside one of two archways, seeing. The stage holds Jess, Jenn, empty chair, Rann waiting to start the birthday party then cutting the tall birthday cakes, two tall girls. I giggle when my Lbots surround me.
I elbow the right limb, Go and hide behind the stage to the right and left, now, the robots float then spit on each side of the stage.
Our universe does not on the ancient royal protocol and format like Kings Rex and Dirk. I come and go as I please along with my daughters and husband. My daughters are seated together on the orange auditorium floor, not dressed alike either.
Jenn wears a pink-colored gown, gloves, bows, tiara, sandals, lipstick and nail polish on her dark skin.
Jess wears black of everything mentioned above. I am too lazy to mentally repeat.
I wear a silver gown and tiara with my new pink cowgirl boots. Rann was dressed in his white vest, pants and black knee boots. Hes so handsome. I swoon with true love.
Our citizens are our friends and family members to us. The two classes exist without rules and regulations. No harm will come to my girls. Theyre loved and adored by the citizens and I watch over them carefully and cautiously like an Agri tigress. I sigh with overprotection.
My precious baby twins are eighteen years old today. The royal birthday celebration is today. I sigh with excitement.
The universe is at peace. I am happy and married to Rann at age adult something. You figure out the math, yall.
Im young compared to Rex, Rosa, Rita, Rann(like my rs). The citizens celebrate birthday parties each week at Jubilation Day with candles, cakes, and curiosity, not ages.
Back to my royal princess twins Jess and Jenn
Night or day.
Off or on.
Zero or one.
Up or down.
Sun or moon.
You get the foto.
They possess good smarts, inner self-motivation and high energy levels expanding from the opposite sides of the Wall and beyond, sometimes without my permission. I exhale tracking them with my Tele-powers. I still reign as Tele-queen.
Jenn meets deadlines. Jess misses deadlines.
Jenn works alone. Jess works with others.
Jess likes public service. Jenn enjoys private gatherings.
Jess is emotional mature. Jenn is emotional immature.
Jess has a dark and wicked sense of humor. Jenn has light fun sweet comedy.
Jess is a good manager. Jenn is a good employee.
Jenn has an analytic frame of mind. Jess has abstract thinking.
Jenn is a problem solver. Jess is problem maker.
Jess is good in oral expression. Jenn is good with written abilities.
Jenn is the leader. Jess is the follower.
Jenn is organized, Jess is a slob.
Jess is a complex female. Jenn is a simple girl.
Jess is high maintenance. Jenn is low maintenance.
Jenn has a narrow focus of life. Jess has a wide view of the universe.
Jenn is daddys little girl at the age of two. She sat on the stallion clapping and hooting at the birds and squirrels. Jess cried and screamed with fear in her gray little eyes until Mama removed her from the saddle.
Jess is sweet, the dreamer and artist. She dances and draws visiting the schools, and the hospital.
Jenn is tart, the scientist and explorer. She uses logic and neurons. Her suite is organized, arranged and classified by color, size and style from small, medium and large.
Jess doesnt know where her clean lavatory is located then uses Jenns. She keeps her suite messy and cluttered twenty hours per day and night. The staff complains bitterly to me so I tell them to ignore her room unless it smells of something dead.
As a matter of fact last month it smelled of something dead. The uncovered item was dried steak bits scattered in a corner of her room. I sigh with disgust.
My twins do not share anything related to food, clothes or ideas. I have never seen a pair of different people in my life. I thought a blend of both our personalities and talents would make wonderful children but not in this case so distinction from birth formed their own personalities and characteristics. Jess enjoys eating meats, fruits and especially desserts in the form of any chocolate just like her mother. 
Jenn is the opposite only vegetables, breads, potatoes food with no sugar or sweet drinks like Fiss similar eating habit like her daddy.
I love Fiss, all fifteen favors and colors with my daughter Jess.
The color of silver or white clothing items drag loosely on scientist Jenn; pink and blue properly fitted attire elegantly fit on actress Jess.
Jenn likes hunting with Rann, Ira, Bartholomew, Tok and Ty or at the farm planet riding some wild mammal. She enjoys flying every ship and playing the math games with the Militia soldiers. Fighting and fitness is her priority.
Jess is elegant and graceful with her ballet movements and sings in the choir visiting the hospital ward and the school activities with Ivy, Joy, Ann, Rosa and I.
Last week, Jenn toted the maser rifle facing the floor into the kitchen, smiling. Were hunting moose.
Some of us will be having cow. I frowned at her.
Thats why were great twins. Jess didnt tote a weapon but slapped her sisters bicep. She kills it then I eat it, laughs.
I flash back mentally my first day of Tele-training on Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy I was insulted by Juan the co-pilot of the space shuttle when he questioned my role on the first intergalactic space mission to a new galaxy. I stood and said: She kills it. You eat it.
Juan was dead about nineteen years along with the Tele-crew. Planet Earth was destroyed as well. I can never go back home. There is no home for me to go. I sigh with sorrow.

One hour later.
I wiggle inside my throne princess chair since my buttocks are totally numb from sitting. My tummy has expanded from eating too much dang good food. I wanna catnap inside my bedroom with the air conditioning on high so I can sound in the cold weather under three wool blankets.
I exhale watching my new dancing feet with the hot pink cowgirl boots. I jack up my dress crossing my right boot over my ankle, not showing my bloomers to the public eyeballs. I tap the soft leather. What animal is this, Rann? I cant figure out the leather. Its soft like me and pretty like me and perfectly fits my foot like a size, pauses. Shit.
Starra, Rann smiles and pats my hand.
In the middle of the lousy magic show of flaming batons, the audience parts down the middle. The citizen limps into sight advancing to the stage.
Female: wrinkled pale faded washed out skin, mangled white and blond streaks of long waist length hair, teeth on her top gums, not bottom. She grins at me. Deep etched life wrinkles surrounds her eyes, chin, forehead, mouth, nose and ears with sagging skin. She walks humped back with a slight limp in her gait prominent on her left side from an injury. She smells. Her clothes are torn and patched in different places composed of various colored patterns of fabrics.
I slap my cowgirl boot to the tile making a big ugly boom when bend my kneecaps. Rann smiles and pats my hand. He likes to do that, a lot. Starra.
I T-whisper only to Ranns eardrum. The gypsys fugly ugly. How in the universe did one of our citizens become so improvised? Whos the noble in charge of her home world? Wheres she from? Cant tell? Can you tell, Rann?
He smiles and nods to her. She is one of many guests
From hell
Starra.
I sit and fury on my numb buttocks. I T-probe, very swiftly.
The gypsy has a Tele-bubble around her body and mind, not unusual. In the eleventh alien time line I help uncover and train all the newly unknown and discovered Teles with their one or two Tele-talents. I got four of them. Ta-da! Planet Uni receives each child, teen, and adult then re-teaches and re-trains their mental mind to live and function as a Tele-citizen.
When the Sickness occurs the comatose citizen is received and monitored on Planet Bio thus the Tele is formed.
The gypsy stops then slightly bows expanding her stinky odor of frog piss or gator piss or kitty piss. Piss smells the same in Mother Natures world. She croaks like a frog. See, its frog pissing odor. She croaks like a frog, saying to Rann. She stares at Rann, not me. Your Majesty, thank you for my visit. Please accept my best wishes for your good health and continued prosperity on the throne as ruler of the citizens, Prince Rann.
Rann smiles, nods then acts civil. Civil means to act courteous, not curious. Thank you, kind lady, then elbows me. Starra!? I grunt then exhale then act cur-turd-us too. I stand and growl leaning into her fugly ugly face protecting mine family. Rann jerks my arm in pain down into the chair. Sit down, Starra. I slap my butthole into the leather chair, not moving it but I could have if I really wanted too. I obey my husband part of the marriage thing, obey and trust. I sigh with marriage.
She still bows, not showing her fugly ugly pimples and boils and no teeth. She croaks. I have a gift for each noble. May I begin, Your Majesty?
Rann surveys the nobles and noblettes then her. He smiles. Yes, please begin disturbing your gifts to the nobles.
She uprights then nods limping in front of  Mar, the wife of General Ira. She croaks, smirking. Out of the frying pan and into the fire, Generalette Mar. This is your gift from me.
Mar frowns then smiles. O thank you, this is harmless and amusing, when the citizens claps, not me.
The gyspy two-steps to the next noble, since all the noble and noblettes are sitting along the bare wall old and tired between 200 and 300 years of age. Pick a math number, yall? No citizen will tattle to me, not even Rann. She croaks and smirks. Illusions and deceptions are rife, Priest Ito, he smiles and nods at the old fool when the citizens clap.
She two-steps and croaks to the remaining royalty. Floating on cloud nine, Viscount Lad. Practical, focused and centered, Ambassador Ty. Avoid all romantic and business entanglement today, Marquis Tok. Mind over matter is the predication, Queenetta Rosa. Idol hands made idol time, King Rex. Cut through the obstacles in your path, General Ira. Go with the flow, Ambassadorette Joy. Refuse to make major decisions that could land you in hot water very quickly, Marquis Ivy, Ivy nods and smiles at the gypsy when the citizens clap. She back steps then scoots to the stage for a second time. She limps towards the staircase holding one hand out. Prince Rann, may I indulge your fancy? he nods when I grow. Rann pats my hand. She smirks. Strike, when the irons hot, Rann, the citizens clap. She two-steps to me when I sneer. Rann squeezes my hand. She extends her single wrinkled and broken arm with nasty broken bones on her left hand without any nail tissues. Ya know the nail is a tissue like the skin. She croaks like a frog. May I touch your palm, Princess Starra? 
Naw! I snarl when Rann squeezes my arm. I sigh with danger.
She limps closer, curling her lips, touches the bottom step with her naked dirty covered toe bones. May I touch your palm, Princess Starra? Rann grabs my hand jerking it upright, when I sit inside my princess-chair, not standing. For her to touch my palm, I need to stand and move towards the smelly frog piss creature. I scan the faces of the citizens. This is fun entertainment for them.
Everything is fine. My Tele pings.
I exhale, whispering for my eardrums, only. Ridicule, shes an old woman, when the citizens stared at me. I am the princess of the universe, not afraid of an old defenseless woman, Rann lifts my arm when I stand, the citizens cheer and clap. I fake a smile and wave my other hand, since Rann holds my left hand. I sigh with caution.
I gather my fluffy silver gown into a ball with my right hand then jerk from Ranns gripe, sneering and snarling. I stomp down the steps, growling and hissing. I roll nervously the ten carat diamond ring of love between my fingers representing eighteen years. I stand on the bottom step being taller then her on purpose when the citizens clap and cheer.
She extends her crooked arm from her humpbacked poorly dressed and frog piss smelly old body. I sigh with vomit.
She cant reach me. I exhale then slowly extend my left hand with my big diamond ring ready to scratch her fugly ugly face with the hardest mineral in the universe. The old woman lands on her knees when the citizens cheer. She extends old withered bony hand smiling in toothless wonder. Her odor bombards my nostrils and burns my throat. I gag then gasp. She touches my extended right hand. I sigh with danger.
Everything aint fine. My Tele senses ping.
I scream then fall forward upon the hard tile. I faint in pain and darkness.

20 minutes later.
I blink open my eyelashes, seeing the worried freckled face of Jess, hearing her sweet flute timber.
Mom!?
I roll side to side in my vertical pose then struggle to stand when Rann lifts me upright bending at the wrist. He cuddles me, not allow me to move or dance. He whispers. Dont move or dance, Starra, chuckles after reading my mental mind. Let Bbot finish its examination.
I exhale, scanning the room. Im inside the living room on the sofa of our castle. Bbot hovers on my right side with its pointy metal limbs and pointy shiny instruments. I scream. Jenn, Jenn, Jenn, then sob. Wheres my daughter?
Our daughter, Rann exhales.
The woman is Dirk. He isnt dead. He has kidnapped Jenn, my baby girl.
Our baby girl, he hugs me.
Wheres she, Jess? I study her worried face.
Jess kneels holding my hand, slightly smiling. Jenn is on the moon that is about to implode, first then explode, second. The scientists have long range body heat scanners revealing a few life forms on the moon. The moon is composed of poisonous gases and radiated toxic clouds tracked for more than eighteen years, since our birth, Mom. The scientists verified that the moon cannot sustain life or life forms or us. Jenn is with Dirk on the moon. He controls it, somehow. Mom is correct. I can sense Jenn being the other half of the twin thing, she nods to Rann. First, before mounting a rescue party weyou, me, and Dad need to see a visual of the moon using the instruments on Tech world. This visual scan will reveal our future situation dealing with moon dust and dirt, nods and smiles at me.
I frown with puzzlement and confusion using my new ugly fugly distorted features. Whatwhats the second step of our rescue mission?
jess stands and giggles then shrugs her shoulders. Im making it up as I prance around the living room
Rann jerks me from the sofa into his chest, nodding. Very good, Jess, she and I will fly to Tech world now for a visual update. I want...
I struggle then escape from his bug hug then swing on one boot heel(not easy in four inched heels, darling)then stomp into Ranns nostrils. Forget it, buddy. No Bbot. No hospital. No sofa. Im fine. Im fury, mad, worried and seeking revenge immediately as soon as the dizziness and nausea feeling of vomit leaves my stomach, slowly shifts towards the archway then wobbles side to side.
Rann chuckles then cuddles me. You, too.
Me, three. Jess smiles walking behind us.
We wobble together out the archway. Rann whispers. We search for one hour then gas the space ship and gear up our Tele powers after pinpointing Jenns location. Then we attack and kill Dirk once and forever, exhales. But first, Starra needs to rest away her dizziness and nausea, pulls me towards our bedroom.
I fling in the other direction, frowning with annoyance. After the meeting on Tech world
He cuddles and kisses my forehead. Alright, after the meeting, you come back and rest. Promise me, whispers into my eardrum.
Yes, I promise, whispers into his face with my very controlled fighting fury then smirks. I promise to develop a quick and fast plan to rescue my daughter and kill Dirk with my bare hands on the moon in this time line.
Hello, remember, yall! Lord Dirk of Bonita has been after me for the last ten alien time lines. Dirk has failed and I have outfoxed him every dang time just like the mouse with the tomcat. Earth humor! 
Dirk has my beautiful, lovely and innocent daughter. He cant get me so he gets my child.  Im furious. Using the powerful telescopes developed by Dirk in the fifth alien time line, I will find him. I missed him and his ugly fugly gypsy magic trick causing Jenn to vanish from the auditorium. No matter but major! 
I connect, link, and Tele to him. I am coming for you, Dirk.
He knows Im coming. Hes waiting for me. This is the final duo dance between us. I will win like always. I sigh with victory.

Tech world. observation room. cool. mild rain. 58F. afternoon.
I follow.nawdrag Rann into the observation room walking inside, first. I sigh with death.
Rann parks at the head table when I stand behind him. This is my mission, my daughter.
Our daughter, Rann whispers, fiddling with the mini-bot. Please occupy the seat beside me as equals, Starra. I am worried and mad, too. We are co-rulers making decisions together. We are partners and married. I swoon with true love.
The table is filled with nobles and noblettes. Commoners huddle and hug around the walls, the doors, and the windows wanting to hear and help after eye witnessing Dirk at the birthday celebration party of my daughters
Our daughters, Rann whispers.
I am going to strangle Dirk with my bare hands once I pinpoint him with the telescopes for taking my daughter
Our daughter, Rann whispers when I frown at his nose profile.
He chuckles, Nobles and commoners, I will not allow any life to be sacrificed for our daughter. We are the bestest and brightest Teles in the universe. Starra and Iare retrieving our daughter. Thank you for your support and patience. Dismiss, nods.
Ty stomps forward shaking his hands and curls. No. Nope. Naw! This is our universe and our family, too. We all come to save Jenn.
The young scientist slides between Ty and Rann. Its so cool. The sunspots emitted super-cooled magna designed to focus streams of protons which collided together traveling at the speed of light. The resulting shower of smaller particles blown from the sunspots have formed with a loud bang and a cloud of dust life forms on the cold, dead and dark moon.
Impossible. Rann frowns.
I believe Dirk did it. He is going to be dead by my hand
Our hand, Rann whispers to me.
The observers think the loud bang, the cold moon and the cloud of dust are all related to life. I dont know how, sir. I do how that the moon is very special orbit in space and time, maybe a third dimension, nods when the citizens gasps. The heat of the particles is transferred into the atmosphere of the developing moon and heats the air like an upcoming big bang theory here inside our universe, nods when the citizens gasp. The imbalance in the atmospheres heat increases wind circulation. The positive feedback effect in which the surface changes strengthen produces dust storms that swamps the entire newly formed planet in this case, the dark moon. Once the dust storm subsides the smaller particles fall out of the air and re-distribute around the star forming a living moon, fingers the comlen. You can see the formation of the northern and southern polar caps, here and there. Impossible but true. Over the year we have used these old short and tall equipment devises called telescopes. Eighteen years ago, we watched the odd phenomenon created a dark moon of death with radiated fires and hurricane wind storms. Now! The dark moon is a light moon of life. To rescue Princess Jenn, you need to land on the moon. First, the star is rotating and orbiting. It is alive. The star moon shows a different face every fifteen minutes. There are no gravitational effects from the planet of Sahara on the formed star therefore the star rotates every fifteen minutes. Once your ship matched its orbital period you can land with the aid of a Pbot, easily and steady. I promise Lord Dirk is there with Jenn, fingers the second comlen. We have signs of pings of life with blue dots of life forms, nods, when the citizen gasp.
I plan to strangle his skinny throat with my naked hand then stab my sharp fingernails into his green eyeballs until he screams for mercy
We plan, Rann whispers to me.
The tech flips the switch. This telescope lens will show an image of the live moon illuminated with both light from the sun and night from the moon. Therere lots of colored sections. Red is sink holes, gold is toxic soil, pink is copper lake beds. There is a rapid rise in the level of carbon dioxide entering the water line creating a buildup of acid. Translation: the waters are poisoned including killing all the aquatic life forms. No problem with fishes! You will land the ship in a synchronize orbit between a perfect landscape spot of free of toxins here. This is the best place. As the star swings around like a merry-go-round there is a thin sliver of reflected sunlight seen through the telescope as a crescent shaped crater. The perfect landing spot is the crater rim near the lunar north polar point which is in constant sunlight and far from the suspected acidic waters. The rotation sequence is every fifteen minutes like a fast moving ball. You cant miss the big deep hole. The crater is 155 miles wide, nods. The weather is trended like resort-like temperatures for a blistering heated picnic and if ya wanna suntan, chuckles. He swallows then fingers. Then the landscape and the temperature changes, dramatically into an unfathomable cold. Brrr! The weather is excellent for snow skiing but do not eat the snow or suck on the frozen icicles.
The frozen ice melts into hydrogen and oxygen which provide breathable air and could be used for ram ship fuel for a trip to Bonita, chuckles with the citizens. He exhales. This is the finale for the dangerous, deadly, and digressing moon base. There is a tipping point for this moon to become both catastrophic and irreversible with a pretty explosion. Im warning yall here and now. The live lighted moon will explode with pretty fireworks then implode. Our best day estimate is one wee or five days find Jenn and get fudge outta of there, permanently. Good luck, Ran and Starra.
Ran stands and nods. Thanks to all of you, the brief tactic rescue mission has been completely so this is a piece of cake.
Piece of pie, I dont like cake, right now. I growl.
I like chocolate and you, princess sweet-tart, he pull me from the chair hugging me.

Planet Commerce. castle of me and Rann. living room. bright. starry. 68F. evening.
I stroll side to side from one wall to the other in my thigh high boots wringing my hands and wearing my distorted face. Rann struts side to side behind me sometimes we knock noses with worry. Then we back step and go around each other.
This is our final showdown between Dirk versus Starra. Jenn is my daughter
Our daughter, Rann says and paces side to side.
I stop then exhale. I start pacing side to side. This is the reason for her capture. He knows that I will
We will, Rann says passing me.
I stop then frown. This is it get him, end this and continue the time line. The end.
The beginning, Rann says passing me.
I stop and frown at his back muscles feeing annoyed.
Jess skips then stops inside the archway of the room, drinking the cold beverage and eats a bite of the sandwich. She chews and scoots in the chair beside the long sofa. She sips her drink then says. Stop pacing, biological family unit. Please come over here and sit on the sofa next to me, Mom and Dad. I can save her but not by myself.  We have to hike walk around half the moon from that crater landing of 150 miles lengthwise. Thatll take three weeks and two days. I just calculated the mileage within my brains after memorizing the pathway. Before ya threatened or disarm or fight debate or kiss me dirk is not going to harm Jenn. Hes very revengeful, not harmful. I cant explain that one since I dont know the monster but I know my sister. Its the tele twin thing, giggles. I was thinking we might use a weapon like that golden talisman thing you talked about one time. I read the object was kicked into the deep sands of the orange planet of Sahara. See, I do some homework assignments, the important ones, giggles. This is a big idea since Sahara is to unstable with the formation of the moon and only trained Xbots are used. Mama writes in the book that she found the talisman on her first day back of her second alien time line inside the Bonita mansion. You touched it. It was dead. The magical powers are gone. We might could use a second ancient weapon the venom from the spiders and snakes of Sahara, but I serious suspect that Dirk is beyond any physical pain or death.  I did a mind probe on Jenn, not Dirk. She tattled to me. He was created by the moon thing too then flew by invisible waves off the moon onto Commence. He dressed as the gypsy then captured Jenn, instead of Mom with some type of Tele-sack. He teleported from Commerce with Jenn onto the moon and he cannot do that cute trick a second time. Hes trapped there too. He told Jenn to tell me that he wants all the nobles and noblettes to fight him including Ira, Rex, Bartholomew, Ty, Joy, Rosa, exhales and nods. Thats pretty much the line up of all the old line of royal. He really does bad thing for them. First, we must bring the other nobles along for the space ride. Second, I can stop him. Third, we all travel and land inside the crater. The royals stay behind, Mom and Dad. He somehow has grown and accumulated more Tele-powers probably from the life explosion of the moon which was created by the sunspots from the Sahara sun, giggles. As long as we blow up the Sahara sun, he will not survive, Rann exhales and frowns. She eats and chews. We three go along and get control of the universe from Dirk, once and for all, nods and stands. She spins towards the archway. Get some rest, parents! Dont worry! Good night!

Day 5401. Militia. space station of General Ira and Generalette Mar. conference room. black cold outer space. minus 1000F.
I stand and finger the crater when the door slams with a boom. Rann struts down the empty aisle not smiling at me. I giggle pressing my new outfit with my hands, a cute white outfit with my dagger bouncing at my waist minus the maser. Rann has missed most of the meeting his assignment and role in the upcoming final war with Dirk since I plan to kill him, once and for all. I dont really need a meeting, a maser or a man. My role is the angel of determination plus death. Cute! I made it up, yall.
The Lbots hover on each side in the corner away from angry and annoyant Rann. He was not awake when I exited the castle from too much emotional, spiritual, psychology and physical charge, yesterday. Jess giggles sitting between an empty chair of the prince at the command table. Rann floats to me then smiles and kisses my cheekbone. He growls. Sweetheart, good morning, I am so sorry being late and oversleeping. I forget to set the alarm. I know you are busy. Please forgive me.
I giggle slide from the comlen when he clears his throat. He fingers the screen. Based on new information a flesh and blood pilot will operate the aircraft and command the other ram ships accomplishing our mission without combat. The primary responsibility of the pilot is the safety of the crew and cargo. To that end, the pilot must plan and prepare the mission through such measures as reviewing intelligence and weather information, filing flight plans and briefing the crews, and ensuring that the craft is inspected, loaded and equipped and manned for our dangerous mission. The pilot must possess extensive knowledge of flight theory, air navigation, meteorology, flying directives, craft operating procedures and mission tactics. As pilot and crew commander your duties also include operating craft controls and equipment, in-flight refueling, cargo and passenger delivery and training new crew members, nods. Dismiss to your assigned ram ship for immediately practice for our mission, tomorrow morning at dawn. Good luck, citizens, when the citizens scoot then scatter from the room.
Rann, Ty smiles and walks down from the tables.
I finger the comlen. Wheres my ram ship? Rann hugs me.
You are not going to pilot one of the ram ships. You are not qualified to fly one of the big vessels. I know you are a fast learner. You possess wonderful traits that your daughters have inherited, too. You can fly. I have seen and felt it, chuckles. Starra, I am king. My kingly decision is final. Im worried about you and our daughter
I stomp my boot. My daughter was taken from me...
.from us! He exhales. She is not in danger per her twin sister. I am the one very calm and controlled with this situation. You are mad, angry and infuriated banging, tossing and breaking and hitting things. The bots are scared of you. Machines do have emotions.
Im not invited to practice inside one of the ram ships. I demand. I proclaim. I am the princess of the universe. I rule beside the prince. At least I did yesterday before my daughter
Our daughter.
I want to be beside you during the invasion. You are king. I am queen. I love you. You love me. I know my duty. You know your duty, growls and winks. Please do not make me lock ya up in the tower prison, if I must, when my head hurt. I slap my hands into my face.
Rann chuckles. See your daughter needs some help. Please attend to her only because she is our daughter, not because I ordered you too. I do not order you around the castle, the planet or the universe, princess. I ask, very nicely. You might use your mighty Tele powers on Dirk, laughs. I must leave with the other nobles. Please obey me, because you love me, kisses my lips. He leaves my gray eyesight walking out the door with Ty, Tok, Ira and Lad.
I stood, alone. I sigh with angry.
I stomp up the stairs then slam open the doors as the Lbots zoom behind me then ahead of me and hover beside me for any and all unexpected intruders. I growl. I might try to re-program them for some hurting duty, tonight. Theyre too possession to me. I sigh with deceit.
Rann is too possessive of me. I nod. I should have been too possessive of Jenn then would not be captured by Dirk. I sigh with murder.

Commerce. Jesss room. hot. humid. 70F. morning.
I march into her bedroom then plop onto the bed cover. I grab the satin pillows then throw it across the room with my T-shove. Dad threw you out. Huh? Jess giggles and studies the latest information on the moon.
I wear my distorted face of duck lips, the screwed eyebrows, the crinkled nose and crossed eyes for fun. I nod. Yes. He did. Im very upset. I wanna
She studies the mini-bot. Dont be? Dad knows what to do. Hes in charge. You have to follow the ruler of the universe, Mom. You are the princess. You wanna help pilot a ram ship. Well, you needa to save your strength and your Tele-powers. Jenn is not in danger per Dirks nasty Tele messages. I can sense her well-being. Were twins, Mom. I can feel and sense everything she does. Its a tele twin thing, winks. Ya like my ts string, giggles. I know ya believe and trust me so you dont need to worry. Come on and relax for an hour or two. Youre in a nasty mood and might kill our purr kitten. I love my new purr kitten. Come and enjoy the spa with me. Get your fingers and toe nails painted, giggles then grabs my arm.
I slowly stand then exit her room for the spa.

Starras bedroom, starry. cool. evening.
What are you doing? Rann stands over my bend skull as my curls tickle my arms.
Painting my nails, flicks the puke green vomit onto my piggy toe that went to the market, giggling.
Painting your nails, he exhales. Were about to head into a dangerous situation looking for our daughter. I cannot believe this. Youre applying different colored coats of finger polish to your newly manicured fingertips. Starra, whats wrong with you?
Im worried about Jenn too. I love her. I cannot take my mind off her safety either. Painting my nails relaxes me and allows thinking of all the ways that I am going to kill Dirk, flicks baby blue paint on the piggy toe that went wee, wee home.
Rann exhales moving to stand in front of my wet toes. We discussed this, Starra. We are seeking Dirk. We will capture, detain, and kill him on Commerce. Do you understand, princess? I fleck the neon orange paint onto my piggy toe that stayed home, not referencing Ranns silly speech. He exhales and frowns at my cute colorful toes. Starra, you are not going on a wild goose chase about Dirk. I forbade it as your king and husband, nods and smiles. Good. That is all settled into the crib with the sleeping babe. I am going to meet Ty for the last minute details of our mission, darling, I nod when Rann walks towards the archway. Enjoy painting your nails! Ill be back, shortly. I love you a lot, Starra, exits our room.
I love you more, Rann, flecks the pink color on my piggy toe ate roast beef, giggling.

Day 5402. Militia. briefing room. black cold outer space. minus 1000F.
The plans ready. The crews ready. The days ready. Ty tosses his free arm, not holding Joys hand standing along the wall with the nobles, noblettes and the freaking surviving citizens of the universe.
I stand on the opposite wall between Ran and Jess, exhaling and worrying about the citizens, the animals, the insects, the flowers, the trees, the clouds
Rann views his boots then the nobles. I am not going alone to rescue my daughter. It is too dangerous for me to finally kill Dirk. Hopefully Dirk will not live to see the next sunrise. I invite everyone to join me, if your dare,
Ty nods to Joy then Rann. The nobles attend danger and fun, together forever. You are a highly respected noble in the universe among the citizens. I can speak for everyone. We all want to go on the rescue mission. The meetings are done and over. This is our final full scale war with Lord Dirk, nods.
Rann nods to Ty then the others. He raises his arm. War against Dirk, pilots, board your ships.

unknown universe. unknown moon. unknown time.
I stand along the slightly curved cold steel wall with the other nervous and silence citizens since all the chairs and counters have been removed for the mission. We sway and wave side to side in the bad waves nearing the moon. The comfone blinks into life the first foto, a round shaped planet. The second foto presents the atmospheric conditions: intense sizzling heat of red waves with dark black creepy sand.
Ty frowns and fingers the comfone standing next to Rann. This is so strange. The comlen has stopped ticking the chronological time of the hour. The comlen is not moved. Time has frozen. Time is standing still
The loud boom shatters the silence, when I jerk to the right with the wall with the other sweaty bodies. I T-scan feeling nothing of ram ship number two.
Rann says. Our pilots dead too from the close blast. Starra and Jess, come with me into the cockpit. We gotta land this vessel before we are disintegrated by Dirk. Time to kill!
I stand when the crowd parts for my new assignment .I slowly scan the worried faces then stomp towards the cockpit door in my new hot pink cowgirl boots and white skirt.
Rann sits inside the bloody cockpit seat while Jess slides the dead body to the slide. She sits at the navigator station. I scoot into the co-pilot chair. Rann links, connects, and Teles to the other pilots but verbal issues his commands with nervousness, too. Follow me down to the nice vacation spot!
A second loud boom shatters the window when I force it closed using my T-slam of Telekinesis.
Stang, Ram3 is blown into space dust. Thats two vessels gone right before my eyes, feels the high tension and deep emotions of the citizens within the ram ship. Dampers. Thrusters. Our ships tilted to port. Compensate, he uses his Telekinesis riding out the wave of energy emitting from the moon, the exploding ram ships and fighting the natural outer space rays. He grits his teeth. Thousands of men, women and children were on that big safe silver ram ships. I didnt want to leave anyone behind in case something happened on the surviving planets if all the nobles were gone. I know. Everyone wanted to fight and get Jenn back to us. Ive killed them, all of them, he jerks the sick side to side then says. Not me, he killed all the children, teens, parents, adults and seniors on the two ram ship. There are no survivors of Ram2 or Ram3. Stang! We will continue our mission without the other ram ships. Send Ram4 and Ram5 home. We go ahead, alone. Nobles inform your citizens. We are the nobles to take out Dirk, alone, when the ship descends with his stomach. He presses buttons. Powers off. Were dropping and falling out of control. Hold on! All Tele-movers grab a ship now. Help me land at the crater site, he feels and hears the yells and screams within the ram ship. We land as planned inside the crater.
Jess yells pressing buttons on the console. Trouble, Dad! Metal and mechanic parts are melted and malfunctioned all over the ram ship. The ships dropping on the unknown moon in an unknown place at an unknown time too hot and too fast.
Rann un-webs the netting jerking me from the chair. Abandon ship! Nobles, go to the escape pods saving your lives. Abandon ship! he slaps the button signaling the landing spot. Rann lifts me from the tile running to one of the unoccupied escape pods. Jess takes the second one beside us. Rann cuddles me, whispering. Allow me. Save your Tele-powers. Youre the stronger of us two. You will need and use and abuse them against Dirk. Hes growing stronger as well the moon swells going into its finally epic state. I nod when he tosses me into the seat then slams the hatchway shut. A loud pop releases the pod. He cuddles me letting the pod fall with gravity towards the moon. As the pod closes into the atmosphere he controls the speed and height. The escape pod is windowless for safety. I feel Jess beside us controlling her descend too with her T-powers of Telekinesis. Using Telekinesis, Rann floats us down then taps onto the hard soil.
Jess is beside us.
Rann lifts me from the seat cuddling me. We exit out the small hatchway into a new weird environment. The noble and noblettes huddle into a few groups whispering and fingering the sky and landscape. Jess steps between us scanning the land and the sky. She whispers. Hot! Heat! Sand! I see millions of miles of black sand of desert with serious drought conditions. The land is cracked and dry like a dead stump. I see no clouds, bones, birds, noise, rain with lots of sun, she lifts her finger over her skull measuring the atmosphere. Temperature is at least 120 degrees, surveys the fallen ram ship, shaking her sweaty face and curling hair form the humility. Stang, theres equipment failure, not working. Bots and bikes both are dead. The metal circuits are fired like eggs from the heated air, she kicks the packed sand then nods to Rann.
Rann nods to her scanning the landscape. We hike across the rich black, big sand box. I see tiny, medium and large tar pits blowing plummets of sand, a dull array of grainy and sharp little broken pebbles on the ground. I want the talented movers to lift all the survival packs into the air. Yes, I can read everyones mind too. This is going drain your energy. First rule, conserve body energy. Second rule, use a mover buddy system. Third rule, save all your Tele-weapons, he nods leading towards the new weird environment. Im glad that everyone understands. Move it! I hear grunts and mutters behind our single line. Rann whispers. Watch your step. We have over three miles of walking in blistering hot air and stinging sand, blinks his eyelids then slows. A water oasis, no, it is not. Theres nothing there but my imagination. Rann cuddles me shoving us towards a center building in the middle of the moon. I close my eyelashes listening and seeing images of Jenn. Rann shoves me. This way! he leads me, our daughter, the nobles, and the noblettes.
Ty smiles and shouts from within the single line of nobles with Rann leading. Can I quit the mission, Rann?
Too late, buddy! Rann laughs, smiling.
The nobles shed clothes and equipment sweating from the blistering hot dry heat. Ty carries fragile pale-colored weakly Joy. Bartholomew, a gifted mover sweats like a plantation pig is being carried by Ann.  He is used to the cooler mountains and valleys on Agri, riding on horses or in wagons or inside tractors for transportation, not walking in his shiny cowboy boots.
Ira is strong pulling both gear packs with his muscles. Mar is strong also.
Im impressed.
Tok, the big powerful guy from Resort is tough and carrying his pack along with Ivys. Ivy is doing a grand job of hiking in the heat, holding Toks arm. His real mistress Liz was on freighter number three when it exploded.
Rex and Rosa are supporting each other, panting and breathing. They stop to drink water.
I exhale wiping the sweat. The hot air has to be murder on their biological systems being about 300 years old or more upon their fragile and frail elderly bodies. Id help but I need to conserve my strength, all my strength physical and Tele. Im going to need every precious ounce of my energy. This is the final showdown. Dirk vs. Starra. Starra vs. Dirk.
Jess slams into my shoulder reading my open mind when I close my mind with a Tele-shield. I whisper, Now, she knows, she squeezes my collar bone. I hold her hand like mine. I sigh with prayer.
She is going to make it. Im not going to let her down. Jenn will make it out alive too. I know.
Jess is very strong metaphysically, not physically being young. As rumor lie, old age helps with more steady T-powers, not youth. Jess is doing a good job with her T-powers and the extra gear packs of junk and stuff including electronics, clothing, and food items. I follow behind Rann seeing the sweat balls roll down his neck then land on his soft T-shirt. 
Rann T-whispers allowing his visual information to float into the sky, then into the Tele eardrums. He plows ahead in the black sand towards the red scenery. Good so far, no deaths or weird creatures to report. No surprises, yet. I believe we have made it safely through the black sand. I see a jungle-like environment ahead between the blinding sunrays and black hard sand. This is a very odd place for a patch of thick green and brown woodlands, chuckles. I can hear your mind thoughts, Ty. Who the fudge cares? The second geographic climate change is a jungle with trees, leaves, vines, and dirt all dark red like blood, dense, strange sounds and deep screams of animals which are heard, not seen. Each noble stumbles from the black sand onto knees sitting upon the wet cool red ground of leaves, bushes and plants. Rann walks deeper into the red trees and leaves then kneels studying each noble. I kneel beside him watching the noble sink into the cool dirt, panting and striping off their gears. He T-whispers for all eardrums. This look likes heaven but could be hell, studies the foliage in the distance. The air temperature is cool and wet with a touch of moisture, high humidity. This is going to zap our energy even more. We rest for three minutes on this very strange and beautiful and dangerous moon. Sh! I dont hear any more animal sounds, ducks and cuddles me into his chest. He scouts the skyline of blue sky when the tiny buzzes invade our eardrums. Insects, he slaps the bugs with his hand, then zaps them with a T-slap. The insect disintegrate into tiny red dust balls. The nobles exhibit the same T-punch getting rid of the annoying insects. Rann drops his mouth, studying the nobles. Where are Dov and Lee?
Ivy kneels and pants, wiping the sweat from her body. Dov and Lee were lost in the heat. They are permanently gone, nods.
Rann nods and frowns. Thank you, Ivy. We use masers, not T-powers to cut a narrow path through the thick jungle of overgrowth of branch limbs, tree roots, flower vines and thick shrub plants. Yes, I can hear, yall. This is going to be hard physical work too. Starra will click into place a gigantic Tele shield from the annoying insects around the nobles and noblettes for comfort
Hows about clicking up some tasty brew of food and drink too, Starra? Ty laughs with the nobles.
I fire my maser wave nicely killing the red bark when it bleeds in bright red like Dirks bleed later today. I fire and burn the more tree bark, red over story leaves and branch limbs following behind Rann. I widen the foot path for the nobles.
Rann stops when Jess fingers and yells at the object. Mom?
I fire my maser at the citizen. He wears a bloody face and naked chest running towards Rann. The red wave merges with his red skin looking beautiful as he stops then stumbles. He falls on his face blending into the red dirt. I T-whisper to the other eardrums. Meet Major Tom, a crash survivor of Ram2, somehow and a new species of the moon along with Dirk. Poor dead Tom, he aint coming back, ever. Once dead, always gone!
Rann steps over the red spot in the wet dirt. Keep moving forward and watching out for any more native species or non-native citizens. I can see further ahead. The third geographical climate change is snow, the color of light green, very cold temperature. Everyone zap a T-bubble over your body. I can feel the freezing air below twenty degrees Fahrenheit, his left boot stomps into the soft snow. We have entered a blizzard with blinding snow. Rope each person to your waist with the physical cord, he ties the rope then tosses to me. I tie the rope around my waist then throw the excess to Jess. She ties the end piece around her waist. Rann T-whispers for all eardrums. Stang, I cant feel any limbs. Im numb from boots to hair roots, exhales. We stop and rest for third minutes because it is a number between none and hundred, chuckles with the nobles. He kneels into the snow cuddling me and Jess. I sniff smelling smoke when Rann yells. Save the weapons!
I narrow my eyelashes at the back muscles of Mar.
Mar stands at the edge of the red jungle and green snow firing her maser at the trees limbs then lifts, floats, and drops them at her boots. She stacks the tree limbs in a high pile. She tears cloth from her clothing then drop onto the wooden pile. She fires her maser at the pile of rags and leaves from the jungle producing a bright blue and yellow fire. She hostlers her masers tossing her gloves at the fire warming her body, saying and smiling. Nice beautiful heated warmth, without the hot chocolate, laughs with the nobles. They gather around the fire, flames and intense blue and yellow heat warming their bodies.
The small flame explodes high in the skyline with pretty red and blue fiery ashes touching the tip of one red extended tree branch limb inside the blood red jungle. The chemical reaction produces fire.
The fire ignites the red leaves, more leaves and other leaves on lots of tall trees. The hot blaze jumps from the first red tree to the second. Within seconds, the second tree on the outer edges of the red jungle is ablaze with red ashes floating up into the creepy purple sky. The fire jumps from tree to tree, branch to branch, limb to limb, plant to plant and leaf to leaf. Within three minutes, the entire jungle is lit with red, blue and yellow flames of heat and hot air.
Mar back steps from the fire, fingering the burning jungle with fear and regret. I cant stop the spreading of the wildfire. The flames are too fast and strong. The bush is dry in some places and wet in others. Run, nobles run for your life deeper into the blinding blizzard, swings towards me. Mar runs along with the nobles.
I exhale then view Rann. He shakes his skull, assisting me to stands. We three pad through the deep green snow. My left boot toe hits soft pink sand then the rest of my body standing in soft pink sand. I view Rann.
He studies the landscape and the nobles. The nobles are scattered around the soft pink sands, kneeling or sitting. Rann T-whispers for all eardrums, walking between the huddles. A beach scene with a pink ocean of tropical weather. We rest for ten minutes. The air temperature is 95 degrees. I see a single narrow reef bridge going across the calm pink water to the other side of the dry land, only one path, squat then touches the sand. He rubs between his fingers then sniffs the grains. He touches the grains. Acid content, the pink sand is acidic. The pink water is made an acid mineral too deadly to drink and touch. The other three geographical climates have been presented in hot, cool, cold and warm. This is indeed a strange moon being controlled by Dirk. I wished I could answer how, stands and orders. I am going to do some recon of the water. Ty, youre in charge, stay and watch over the nobles for any other danger signs. Jess and Starra, I need your eyes. I follow Rann and Jess to the edge of the shimmering pink waves and white foam. Rann chuckles and smiles. Water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink, an Earth nursery rhyme. I recalled that song when we traveled to the Noble Island on Resort Ocean. You spoke the same Earth tune, nods and smiles at me.
I frown with puzzlement. Howhow do you remember that?
He kisses me. We have a good time.
Jess frowns with puzzlement, parking fists on her waist, shakes her curls. A single reef bridge from the shoreline over the water then dumps on the side, narrows her eyelashes. The distance is one-fourth of a mile with to many creatures under the calm pink water, nods. I nod to Rann. He frowns pressing into his hot, temperature-wise heated bod. Jess exhales. We have no choice but to continue but the other nobles have a choice, swings towards the nobles leading us.
Rann gathers around the nobles and noblettes, nodding and thumbs the water. Listen very closely, the single reef is connected for a one-fourth of a mile towards the opposite shoreline on the other side of the pink ocean. The water is composed of deadly acid and unknown creatures living underneath the waves. If you fall off the reef..., nods. We know the risks. This is our daughter, not yours. We want her back safety. This is our fight with Dirk. If you lose..., nods and studies the nobles. Each noble wears a serious expression without galloping in the opposite direction. He nods. Move it. Step on the reef one at a time. Take your time. Hold your balance. This is not a race to the Wall, chuckles with the other nobles. He spins around towards the reef, stomping his right boot toe upon the pink hard reef. I will be first, stands on the reef. Nothing happens. He says. I am safe. Jess is second. Starra is third. Behind her there will follow the other nobles in any royal order, chuckles.
Ty stomps behind me following with his wife Joy, Tok, Ivy, Lad, Nat, Ira, Mar, Ann and Bartholomew.
My Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Ah! the female voice screams when I stop, twirling to the sound.
The male voice yells. No, the bottom half of Bartholomew lounges inside the fishs mouth of sharp grey and long teeth going under the pink wave. The monster is yellow in color, big, ugly and nasty with grey teeth, very creepy and scary.
I gasp. I cant help them. I cant go back. I cant use my limited Tele-powers. I have to help my daughter. Shes in danger, very real danger. Shes with Dirk.
Rann twirls then gallops into my back, whispering. Too late for both Bartholomew and Ann, they are permanently gone. Move it faster, folks! Rann spins us around as I lead then jump onto the blue dirt. Rann says. Bartholomew and Ann are dead. The fifth geographical climate change is mild. Blue-colored dirt landscape and a single hill covered with white thick weeds and grass to your kneecaps, this is a strange place. Move it faster hump over the hill, yall, he and I hold hands galloping over the blue hill then stop at the peak. Rann smiles and views the landscape. A meadow of pretty flowers shown in every color of the rainbow, sniffs. I smell, not the fragrance of roses, carnations, daisies, tulips or buttercups, we walk down the hill through the flat meadow of flowers then down into the dark soil. This is a valley, deep, dark color funny brown. Sticky? My feet are stuck in something, stops then lifts his boot toe. He drops his boot. Move it faster!
I stand in the brown soil frowning with disgust. Im stuck. Somethings gooey on my boots. And what is that stinky smelly odor? This is some type of quicksand.
Rann drags me forward holding my hand. Naw, this is more like animal manure. Everyone quit complaining and be quiet. Move it faster. I slowly plow through the brown soil, fingering the object to my right. He nods. That is a pile of rubbish or trash. This brown soil is the garbage dump for Dirks crap, slows then squats at the object. I am wrong. The trash is composed ot decomposed bodies of citizens, rotting corpses of our scouts. I recognize the uniform patches from months ago who disappeared without a trace. The bones are covered in maggots in the mouth and nose holes of the decaying cadavers. There are swollen body parts and organs of the stomach and heart, leg and arm body parts. This is the valley of the dead, exhales. Stay on the path. Do not stray. Walk one at a time through the brown muck. There is some patch of green grass ahead. I cover my mouth and nose with my jacket breathing the muck of fumes from the dead. Rann stomps his left boot toe into the grass walking further. I see a stream of water. Do not touch the water until it is confirmed as safe. I will adventure first, hovers his boot toe over the low stream of water, closing his eyelids. I am not dead. I am not detecting any fumes, gases or poisons, squats then hovers his hand over the water, closing his eyelids then nods. This is fresh drinkable water, scoops up a palm then gulps. I splash the water into my mouth, smashing my lips from the cold crisp taste. He views me. I dare not explain a stream of fresh cool water near a mountain of unpolluted trash. We rest for three minutes, Rann stands, exhales.
He extends both hands. Ladies, you can read my mind, Jess holds his left hand. I grab the right, nodding. Rann says. Ty, we are investigating the landscape beyond the stream of water. The grass is healthy green and safe. I see a pile of dull tan stones or a pack of dull tan rocks. I am not getting an image of either a temple or church in the far distance, walks towards rocks.
Jess jogs ahead, fingering. In the far distance, I see another high structure made like a mountain side, I nod following behind her. We stop and study the dull tan stone wall. She frowns with puzzlement. What is it a wall, a cave, a seam, squats and touches the tiny crooked vertical line within the tan rock wall. I believe this is a passage way, a secret entrance portal to a secret something, stands and swings to Rann. Do something, Dad?
I giggle back stepping from the rock wall, extends my arm parallel to the grass. Move back, yall, exhales then inhales. Open sesame!
Jess hugs me, giggling. That never works, Mom, laughs with Rann.
I shrug and giggle. It was worth a try. I sigh with amusement.
Rann hugs both of us. Wrong universe, my darling, kisses me.
I shake my curls. It could have worked here in this universe, the ground shakes, shifts and moves. The purple clouds darkened into a mean midnight blue. I giggle dancing around the pebbles. It worked. I created an earthquake, gasps. I sigh with trouble.
Rann grabs and drags each arm from me and Jess towards the pile of rocks. Get upon the pile of rocks quicker than I. The stones, the ground and I shake with freaking fear. Rann hugs me and Jess as I surround us with a T-bubble for protection. The fission opens within seconds composed of blue fire, red steam and an orange lava river. Rann shouts. Hang on to me!
Ah! the female voice screams as Ivy drops and disappears into the fission.
All the remaining nobles race from the water stream towards the pile of rocks then the fission closes. The clouds recede into the purple sky. The ground ceases to shift and dance. I exhale hugging his chest.
Rann shifts side to side when I jump from the rock pile hugging him. We see Tok squatting at the site of the uprooted grass and dirt, the grave of Ivys death. He tenders pat the dirt, bowing his head. Rann shakes me from the site and his shoulder then views the rock wall and Jess.
Jess gallops to the tan wall, fingering and dancing. See, see right there, the wall has cracked into an upside v-letter making a door opening. Lets go and find Jenn, nods.
Rann grabs her arm. Wait, lets examine the opening first for safety, spins to the nobles. He raises his arms. Everyone grab some of wall space then lean your face into the rock. I want to hear, see, taste, and feel with your T-powers for any sing of danger before we proceed. Does everyone understand? he nods with the nobles.
The nobles stand, squat or sit then lean their body parts into the dull rock.
I press my sweaty body into the cold stone, feeling the coolness. I hear nothing. I see rays of light.
Rann stands and nods, swinging and walking in front of the nobles. I see a mud structure, when I frown then he nods. I see no danger, only darkness, when I frown with confusion. He fingers the opening. The passage way is inviting and big enough for mighty Toks body to entere. If we are not afraid then we will enter one-at-a-time. I will go first in case, swings and squeezes between the tight lines of hard rock. I follow Rann in silence.
I emerge standing beside Rann. We walk around the space. An open theater surrounded by rows of stone seats with ghost(yeah, baby)built into the mountain side. A single bright ray of sunlight beams in the middle of the stone rock flooring from a single overhead sky light. The theater is semi-dark around the edges of the rounded wall with a box in the corner.
Rann walks towards the object then stops as the nobles emerge. They gather in a semi-crooked line behind Rann. He frowns, shaking his skull. That is a not a regular box
Lad strolls from the line studying the object. This is a tomb, not a box. There are two tombs, a pair of bodies. This is a dead crypt. The stone is carved with a face, two hands, two feet in the formthis is Dirks tomb. We should leave it alone and move forwards, nods. Tok pulls his maser with the other nobles aiming at the quiet still tomb. Lad nods, We shall ignore it, slowly walks towards the tomb, frowning with puzzlement. The carvings like as familiar to me. Who is in there? I should open it. I do not know who is in there, advances. I frown to Rann. He shrugs.
Okay, folks, this is the tragic fairy tale. Rita died from bad mushrooms. What a way to go, yeah baby! Anyways, Lad has been kinda weirded out since her death. He doesnt exactly do anything but sigh or sob or suck air to breathe. He walks around in a zombie state of nothingness. He squats at the tomb, not touching it. There is an inscription along the bottom in great big letters. It reads: Suffer my Wrath. I do not think we should open it.
Tok shoves the other nobles aside strutting towards the tomb then shoves the stone lid from the base with his monster brute strength from his great loss of his love Ivy.
The lid crashes into the wall breaking in several hunks of stone. The timber-lined coffin contains a long body wrapped in white silk wearing a mask made of gold. Inside the tomb there are dead and fossilized flowers, glass containers of petrified candy, and jewelry: diamonds, rubies, sapphires and emeralds, and other precious semi-stones. Tok laughs and winks at Rann. Rann, are you missing a chunk of gems?
Rann frowns and studies Tok and the tomb. I would not know. Move it forward
Lad squats and gently hovers both hands over the cold stone. This tomb is a female with a crown like a princess with a set of lovely exquisite detail of her feet, her legs, her breasts, her hands, her face, I gasp. He frowns. There is a foto of, grabs his throat. The foto is of Rita. But that is impossible, she is buried at my castle on Tech world, nods then says. The inscription at the head of the tomb has a name etched in gold. It reads: To my sweetie, Rita. Dirk must have robbed her grave site on Tech world. I am glad King Rex is not here not to see this. Dirk has permanently preserved her and our baby when they died, a long, long time ago.
I shove Rann towards the new opening, a bigger vertical crack in the far wall of dull tan rock. He nods, following me. Allow Lad to enjoy the moment.
Lad hovers his hands over the cold stone. She is dead. This is her shell, her biological body. Her spirit is in the afterlife. You cannot bring the dead back.
Tok stands over Lads hair roots, chuckling and smirking. Nice sword too, pulls the golden encrusted jeweled sword from Ritas dead hands.
Lad struggles to stand then frowns and fingers Tok. He whips the sword side to side, smirking.  Put the sword back with Rita now, Tok. She is dead. She will not need it in the afterlife, anyways. Rita did not own a weapon. Dirk is a sick monster for doing this to my wife. He has to be destroyed once and forever. I promise that I will be the one to rid our universe of Dirk, squats and hovers his hands over the stone.
The other nobles walk towards the new passage, staring at Lad with shock and pity.
Library.
I emerge first with my maser and sword readying for a fight as Rann slams into my bee-hind. He whispers. Move further inside, the nobles are right behind me. Jess gallops to my side. I walk between Rann and Jess.
Each noble exits with a maser and sword drawn and ready like me, studying the space.
Rann nods, walking around the room. An enclosed rock wall of lightness, a library, how intriguing, kicks the objects. The walls hoard ugly piles of books. Art pieces, clay pottery, bronze artifacts, currs, granites statutes, and precious stone. Dirk robbed my castle, chuckles with the nobles. There are no furniture items, not a single chair to sit to enjoy reading the book materials, views me. What does this all mean?
I snarl and kick the piles of stuff on the floor, scanning for him. Who the hell cares? Dirk is the target. Dirk is waiting. Dirk is watching. Im not playing his games anymore, mouth spit on the wall like a redneck then sneer. The end is near for Dirk. I sigh with triumph.
I swing towards the middle of the room, gasping.
There is an object, a single beam of sunlight. I sigh with puzzlement.
The single beam of sun light moves, shakes, elevates, bounces, leaps, jumps, soars up and down, side to side and around the walls. I sigh with frustration.
The sun light returns to the spot then shapes into a brain of gray matter of a once powerful man. The brain shifts.
I gasp holding both weapons on the brain back pedaling into Rann. He cuddles between each weapon in his arm on the brain.
The brain morphs into a brown sitting chair. The chair is a hard back seat uncomfortable for my precious bee-hind. I giggle. The chair morphs into a person with skull, torso, arms, hands, legs, and feet sitting upright in the chair all brown.
The person slowly morphs: long slender face, pointy nose and chin, small green eyes, long forehead, red hair, pale skin tone, green tunic, pants and shirt.
I gasp feeling the freaking T-probe attack temple. I quickly turn and star invisible fire balls at the young but dead Lord Dirk. He didnt melt.
Shoot, the maser, Starra. Shit, I tap the button when Rann steals my maser.
No, he whispers.
I gotta shoot him with my weapon.
No.
Dirk T-scans me up and down, not verbally commenting or not mentally communicating. I T-scan his mind, easily reading his thoughts, being no surprise. I giggle then present my ugly fugly distorted face. Surprise, mouth spit then sneers.
Not from Princess Starra, the other nobles. Yes, I am surprised and pleased that all of you have decided to join the fun. Dirk smiles and nods, sitting inside the hard chair. He immediately doesnt like this situation and questions why we are here on thishis planet. I sigh with good plan.
Your world, Dirk. Rann growls.
I am afraid this is the best I can do, Rann. Dirk nods.
You dont deserve this much, Rann laughs with the nobles, scanning the rock walls. since you have committed crimes against the Crown, Dirk.
Against me, chuckles Dirk. The Crown and the nobles have the crime of murdering my wife.
I exhale. The crimes are against you. Rita wasnt your wife. No one murdered her, Dirk. You killed her and your baby.
My baby? Dirk gasps and grasps the truth.
I nod. Dirk poisoned her by mistake, of course, then I swing sideways to the nobles, nodding. Dirk was targeting Lad and missed with his usual poor aim, giggles. You sealed her fate when you shot her during the Empress-in-waiting competition with the maser rifle in the altered time line. She plummeted to her death off the 250 feet cliff. Once dead always gone.
Dirk smiles. Starra, it is so refreshing re-acquainting with you in this new and final time line. This is your last time, sweetie. You will not be returning ever again.
I laugh. I cant tell you the number of times I have heard that nasty phrase, exhales, holding my arms with my weapons parallel to the stone floor. Kill me now. Rann stomps in front of me extending his arm protecting my precious body.
I was right with my Tele-prediction in the last time line, Countess Starra. You finally walked ran down that white runner aisle for your lovely wedding to the love of your life, Prince Rann. How many takes? Dirk smirks when I frown with fury. Too bad, you are going to be a widower so soon after the honeymoon, laughs.
Too bad, you will be joining your love soonest forever and ever and ever. I sneer.
Dirk waves hands and fingers when an array of sun light yellow beams dance and twirl.
I narrow my eyelashes, giggling. A great non-Tele trick, Dirk, you turned into yellow sunlight again. Your image grows ten feet high. That tall, huh, Dirk? The sunlight is creating a jury of yellow folksnawghosts only nine feet high. Jealous there, Dirk? A jury of yellow ghosts appears inside a yellow enclosed box, a jury box. I cannot believe my gray eyes. There are ghosts. Are these images really real? Does everyone see this too with me? I see yellow outlines of ghostly forms of formal nobles. Dead nobles, I see Rosa, Rex, Ito, Dov, Bea, Tom, Rita, Bartholomew, Ann, Nat, Tia, and Lee, shivering as Rann hugs me from behind. I exhale. Okay, I see a court room, a jury box, giggles. Wheres the judge? I finger the black dot in the corner, narrowing my eyelashes. Whats that, Rann? I see a small dot becoming a gigantic dot. O! Its a black shiny bot coming from the wall corner, nods and frowns. I feel Rann tense around my body. I sigh with doom.
Allow me to introduce Jbots. Dirk smiles and fingers the wall corner with a big crack.
Rann frowns with shock, whispering. The golden mechanical metal eight foot robots marching up and down the walls of this room, holds a maser rifle between its metal limbs. There are armament belts crisscrossing bands on its metal frame in the shape of darts, daggers, swords, clubs, spears and electronic stun cuffs, exhales. This is a Jbot. You have never heard of a Jbot. A Jbot is a jury robot as in a jury within a trial and court room. A jury robot executes punishment of a convicted and sentenced prisoner. Currently, prisoners are sentenced to live on Sahara until their life form ceases to breathe. This is a new law only hundred years old, before the ancient law. Prisoners received much more harsh and swift punishments by King Rex and executed by Jbots. That was sole purpose of the machine. Jbots are outlaw and illegal to use in the universe.
Stang! I spit.
Double stang, Jbots carry weapons too. The robots are designed to kill prisoners if found guilty on command by a default program built by Lads great-grandfather. Rann says.
Shit! I sigh with death.
Double horseshit! Rann says.
I do not want to postpone the fate of each one of you too to long, since your fate ends here with me today. I growl, when Rann hugs me tighter. Dirk says as he and his chair morph into a tall box, a judges bench. This is an inquest. For these of you needing educated, an inquest refers to the legal process for claims that someone or in this case some ones has violated criminal law. The judge, which is I, undertakes an investigation of the claim by examining the evidence of charges lodged. Then the judge, which is I, presides over the legal proceedings of the disputed resolutions of the accused, which is you. The prosecutor, which is I, provides the gathered evidence. The defense prepares arguments to be presented before the court, jury and judge, which is I
I toss my free hand as Rann holds the other one. Hold it, buddy. Youre both the judge and the prosecution lawyer.
You were always the smart one in the broad band spectrum, Starra. I am both
I object, giggles. The inquest hasnt started. Im arguing with the judge. Dirk is a judge now. This is just like in the ninth time line, darling. I debated with Dirk for saving the little kid punishment and then get tossed in jail on Sahara
Dirk frowns. Over ruled, since you insist on debating with me, I will assign you as attorney over the defendants. I like your fire, Starra, the nobles mumble.
I giggle and nod. I accept my wish to try and fry your rear, chuckles with the nobles.
Princess Starra is your defensive lawyer. Dirk smiles waving his hands and fingers. A yellow bench appears behind the nobles. They frown at the bench then sit and study Dirk. He smiles. Come! Come, defendants! You are going to have to do better than that you are accused criminals. Let us hear you speak, when a figure appears from the wall corner.
I gasp holding my mouth when Jenn runs then hugs me. I smile, not sobbing with happiness but I am happy. Jenn.
Jenn whispers. Im okay, Mom. Let make mashed potatoes with yellow butter for supper, tonight, giggles and stares at Dirk.
Rann scoots backwards dragging Jenn and me with him. He sits then I sit inside his lap. Jess and Jenn both sit beside Rann. He says. I speak for them. I know my words are true. Im going to kill you, Dirk. I promise, chuckles with the nobles.
Dirk nods and smiles. Very good, you truly are a sleazy attorney. You lie.
Youre dead. I yell.
He whispers. Not yet, sweetheart, I have a plan of action too to eliminate Dirk and save the nobles, noblettes, citizens, our daughters, you, and me. I sigh with victory.
Where shall we start? There are so many of you and only one of me. Dirk says.
Youre dead, Dirk. I shout then snigger. Dirk ignores me thinking he is the Tele-entity in charge of the situation. Rann is a very patient man and my husband with a brilliant plan. Good thing! My plan-A is to ram my fist down on his throat and then remove his tonsils. I smile. Tell me when Rann, stares at Dirk.
Dirk sits in the judge bench, nodding and smiling. I decree the royals are last. Excuse me, you are all royalty. I decree the ultimate royals are last. Therefore I will proceed in alphabetic order. Let us see! Ah! The letter-J would be the first case. Ambassadorette Joy, you have been convicted of the crime of omission. The nobles gasp.
Joy stands then walks on air towards the bench.
Youre dead, Dirk, Tok shouts and jumps from the defendant bench whipping the golden sword from Ritas tomb in the air. He fires the maser at Dirks skull. The maser absorb into Dirks body as I gasp. Tok stops. Jbot swiftly flies from wall then blasts the maser rifle in an array of red as Tok swiftly melts into pink goo of tissues and white steams of bones, without a scream. I sigh with sadness.
Dirk frowns at the pink goo puddle. Good bye Tok. I really enjoyed his company, an honest man in the universe, views me. No, Starra, you must defend Joys rights as a noblette before I pronounce sentencing.
Rann whispers. Tok was upset about losing both Liz and Ivy in one afternoon.
I nod, Yeah, jerk from Ranns warm lap then stomp a right boot toe towards the judges bench. I shout. Pronounce sentencing, Joy is not guilt. In law, the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant is guilty of the crime charged. The burden of proof is your thing, Dirk, not mine. You have not proved anything but that can talk with big fancy legal terms. Therefore I rest my case, crossing my arms as the noble chuckle.
I will not tolerate insubordination. I charge the defense lawyer with one count of contempt. Dirk smiles.
I swing hips side to side, giggling. Im shaking in my thigh high boots, Dirk, the nobles laugh. 
This is my court room. This is my planet. These are my rules. Joy is indicted on the charge of committing omission and I
I toss my arms and shake my hips. Okay, fine, Ill play pretend lawyer before I kick your ass. Whats omission? The nobles laugh.
Dirk exhales. You are a really dumb lawyer, Starra.
My Tele senses ping. Everything aint fine.
Dirk is not pretending to play a mental mind game. He is dead pan serious. I must play along then figure out his plan. I must save us too. I sigh with strategy.
Im flattered that you agree. What is omission, Dirk? I repeat.
Your Honor, would do nicely?
I glance at Rann. He shakes his head. Jess shakes her curls. They must have a plan too. I face Dirk, exhaling. Your Honor, what is omission? I sighed with annoyance.
Omission in criminal law is failure of duty to act. Joy did not act to save my love, Rita.
First, youre wrong. Second, I have had enough with the legal lecture. Third, my client is innocent. I have proved my case. Therefore let her go free, the nobles cheer. Im good at this law stuff. I faced the nobles and noblettes then bow and giggles. I face Dirk.
Thank you, Attorney Starra! After reviewing the poor evidence, I find the defendant guilty and sentenced to immediate death.
What? I stomp my booted feet.
Ty, Rann shouts.
Ty jumps from the hard bench landing in the middle of Joy. Hes faster than a bolt of lightning. Ty juts left of the platform from the armed maser carrying Jbot. The jury robot precisely aims and burns the maser and sword in Tys fists. Ty flings the sizzling melting weapon onto the floor then grabs the golden sword from the pink goo puddle of Tok then leaps into the air guarding his beautiful and loving wife Joy.
Jbot attacks.
I leap at nothing. My feet are glued to the rock. Shit!
I cant move. Rann sits on the long bench twisting and struggling to stand.
I couldnt move my legs either. I sigh with confusion.
I watch in both suspense and horror as Ty battles the metal monster with the maser waves. The bots are fast electronic impulses, quick with computer speed and composed to hard metal. It is impossible to fight them until you have a maser set on the red mark to burn to ashes. The metal limb jerks the sword from Tys double fisted grip. I sigh with concern.
Jbot thrusts the sword left. Ty jump to the side getting a slash mark against his rib cage. He stops holding his side. Jbot does not move.
Dirk sneers failing to control the machine with his mind.
Jbot plunges the sword at Ty hitting the right leg. He limps to the wall, breathing and blooding on the dry stone. I sigh with angry.
I cant move.
Jbot aims again. Ty jumps right hitting the judges platform, bounces against the jury box, then toward Joy. Jbot guides with its thrusters to her.
Dirk plans to hurt Joy since he cant hit Ty again.
Ty arrived three seconds before the bot. Jbot draws the curved sword high, down, then a sharp turn sideways. The sword and Ty connect. Ambassador Tys head is decapitated. Yuck-o!
I cannot believe my eyes because my eyelashes are closed then opened.
The human shell wobbles, and then falls to the ground. Joy screams.
The nobles yell.
Jbot uses the bloody curved sword then whacks at her neck with a second fluid move. Ambassadorette Joys head tumbles to the dirt ground and rolls then stops. Her body slumps behind the defendants podium.
Move them. Dirk orders. Jbot stores the bloody sword in the sheath around its metal frame. The two Jbots moved both bodies. The nobles moan.
I cannot believe my eyes, staring the cold bodies. Ty is dead. Joy is dead. I sigh with murder.
Dirk smiles at the dead body shaking his green baldness. I am very disappointment. I was going to indict Ambassador Ty of manslaughter but the outcome is the same for me, death, nods at me.
Youre dead, Dirk! I move my foot being free. I sigh with fury.
Rann grabs and cuddles me. Wait, Starra.
Two down, seven to go. Starra, you are not a very good lawyer allowing your client to take control of the court room. Dirk smirks.
Youre dead, Dirk. Do ya like my new battle cry, I pant then breathe. I sigh with angry.
The next indictment is Generalette Mar. She is accused of setting fires to my forest on my planet. Your crime is arson. Dirk nods. Mar stands then floats on air towards the podium. She was silence but fighting the motion.
I exhale, jabbing my finger at him. Noblette Mar did not start a fire. She provided a source of warm to the nobles when we were stranded in the blinding green freaking blizzard snow storm created by you Dirk. The fire sparks accidentally floated to one of the tree leaves without her assistance. She is innocent.
Dirk nods and smiles. Thank you, Attorney Starra. I find Generalette Mar guilty and sentenced to immediate death, the nobles gasp.
Rann is glued to stone again.
 I exhale shaking my curls. So this is the game. Everyones guilty. It doesnt matter what I say. Im glued to the dirt again by my boots. Every noble and noblette is going to die. I cannot stop it. Dirk is strong and powerful and unstoppable. I sigh with great sorrow.
I stare fireballs at him not being able to stop the deaths of the nobles and noblettes. If Dirk harms one tiny gray hair on one of my daughters he will become ashes instantly. I have a backup plan. Ill use it to save my daughters and my husband.
Ira stands then jogs in his fat jolly self at Dirk raising his sword, not yelling but panting heavily. He shoots off tow ray waves that easily absorb into Dirks body as I frown with puzzlement at that intriguing Tele-trick. Ira keeps jogging and panting towards Dirk. Too slow! Too heavy! Too late!
Jbots aims and fires with the maser rifle. The red wave hits slo mo Ira then scary cat Mar making two more sticky pink goo puddles of tissue and white steaming bone fragment.
Dirk chuckles. I anticipated his defense strategy. Ira was always a bull in a china shop, the nobles gasp.
I cant believe my eyeballs. Ira is dead. Mar is dead. I exhale staring at Dirk. I am losing the battle and the war, so far. My daughters are going to die because of me. I am going to die. I cannot win.
Rann touched my shoulder. Be brave, Starra.
We are rolling again. The next defendant is Viscount Lad. You are indicted with first degree murder of my love, Rita. Dirk smiles.
I toss my arm. Wait! Rita was married to Lad. He did not kill her. You murdered her with the poisoned mushrooms. You should be trialed and convicted of first degree murder then I will pass the sentence of immediate death, the nobles cheer. Well, the nobles left including my loving and devoted husband Prince Rann and my beautiful and intelligent twin daughter Princess Jess.
They cannot stand or talk.
Lad walks from the opening to the podium looking very sad. He is not himself since the announcement of Rita and her unborn babys death taking the blame. Lad picked the fresh mushrooms from their small garden within the castle walls.
Dirk poisoned them meaning to kill Lad. Rita would be widowed. She could leave Tech world and come to be with him on the moon. Rita did not know about Dirks ghostly existence.
I did not either. I looked high and low for that noble. I  did not find one trace, one fingernail of him so he hid very well from my T-powers.
Lad views the floor. I am guilty. I loved Rita and the baby. I want to die. Lad spoke.
Dirk gasps. What? No outburst from attorney Starra. So be it, guilty and punished by death, materializes a maser in his hand. The red ray fires and hits Lad directly in the chest. His heart explodes into a billions pieces of skin pellets, bone fragment and blood. Yuck-o. I sigh with sadness.
The pink goo boils into a flat puddle of tissues and bones. Lad is dead too.
The nobles and noblettes are gone. Now, time for the royals, I will start with Prince Rann, Your Highness. Dirk bows his chin then smirks.
Rann sits. My husband does not move but sits. I face Rann. He quietly sits between Jess and Jenn with a smirk on his handsomely face. I sigh with mystery.
Prince Rann. Dirk frowns. Rann sits and smiles. I face Dirk. He nods. I indict you with the crime of vicarious liability which applies to the ultimate one citizen who is responsible for my love Ritas death. Prince Rann, ruler of the universe is the criminal. I do not comment or move but watch. Rann sits and smirks. Dirk lays something on the top of the judges bench. I narrow my eyelashes at the objects. Five irregular geometric shapes reflect in an array of different colors of light sparkling red, blue, yellow, green, orange, pink, green, purple, gold and silver. Beautiful, pretty, strange, mysterious! Prince Rann! Dirk shout. Rann sits and smirks. Dirk touches the first object then purple light shoots into the air.
Move! Rann shouts. The beam hits Rann. Jess and Jenn abandon the bench then hit the floor covering their heads. I gasp, not moving. Rann falls on the floor, curling into a human ball then stands. He is not smiling, mad. Lucky shot, Dirk. Rann growls.
Thank you. Dirk bows and smiles.
Now, it is my turn. Rann sneers. I part my lips wanting to inject into the hot conversation, since I missed the royal office memo. Then I stomp forward, growling. Hold that thought, sweetheart. Rann slides to my side, kissing my lips, free from the glue stick of the floor. Then he floats and flies using his Telekinesis towards the Dirk. I watch with interest. The first object disappears from the bench. The energy is gone. The objects are solid forms of energy and matter. Dirk touches the second object. Watch out, Dirk, Ran chuckles when the purple light engulfs his entire body. He stops then drops to the stone floor. Then he stands, panting then slaps a T-shield blocking the purple ray. It is working. I sigh with hope.
I swing to my girls.
They do not stand from the bench, glued to the stone floor like me.
Rann is all alone without me for the first time. I sigh with prayer.
The second object is gone as Rann floats from the stone floor high towards the ceiling. Dirk smashed the third object when another purple wave streaks toward Rann.
Dad! Jess and Jenn stand and shout at the same time.
Rann absorbs the purple beam then falls to the floor, not moving.
I gasp without words, panting without breathe. I stare without tears. My love of my life does not move. I T-scan with my Telemetabolics Rann then gasp.
His lungs are not breathing. His heart is not pumping. His mind is not thinking. His eyes are not blinking.  My prince is dead. My love is dead. My husband is dead. My best friend is dead. My buddy is dead. My companion is dead. My soul mate is dead. Rann is dead.
Rann I scream then sob with tears.
Dad, Jess screams and stands.
Daddy, Jenn screams.
Once dead always gone! Rann is dead. Hell not return to the next alien time line. There will be no more time lines. I am not going to visit another time line, because I am going to kill Dirk. I am going to die with Dirks head in my bare hands. I will not return either. No one will return ever. The unknown universe will perish into nothingness without any nobles and few commoners. I jerk my boots, not moving being glued to the stone.
Dirk whispers as his voice echoes off the stone. Almost there, the little princesses, each of you have committed a crime. Princess Jess is indicted of assault and battery. Trying to kill the judge, which is I, is a naughty offend. Tsk. Tsk, laughs. I sigh with fury.
Dirks going to hurt my baby girls. Dirk, let her alone. I toss my arms at him, sneering.
Princess Jenn is indicted with perjury lying to, the blur of gray passes before my eyelashes fast, faster, fastest then lightning. The movement is quick showing gray flash of light.
JennJess, I scream and sob with tears glued to the stone floor.
Jess and Jenn both leap high into the air twisting, spinning and somersaulting while gaining speed, height and distance then land on Dirk or the outline of Dirk. He is an image of Lord Dirk of Bonita, not the flesh and blood Dirk. Jenn and Jess land directly on top of the yellow ghost image then zap and zap. They are gone.
I cannot believe my eyes. Jess is dead. Jenn is dead. I do not see on single gray hair strand on the dirty sticky stone floor. Nothingness! There are no bodies, head, hair, arms, legs, clothes, boots, bones or teeth. No
Yes. Dirk laughs.
My babies, no, my little girls, I scream then sob then scream again. Once dead always gone. I sob with tears of hurt, horror and help. My babies had touched Dirk. My babies had disintegrated into air particles. I sigh with deep sadness.
Dirk nods and smiles. You see I am indestructible, Starra. No one can harm me, princess. I sigh with deep sadness.
My babies are dead. My husband is dead. They are all in the afterlife but me. I cannot feel their live souls on the planet or in the universe or in the afterlife. I sigh with cold blooded murder.
I ball my fists, panting, sweating and crying with angry.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I clear my emotional charged confused and hurting mind, heart, and soul to think slow, slower then slowest. Suck it up! Time to act! Kill him! Right Now! Im finishing the end of the alien time lines stopping the space time loop.
Im going to kill Dirk. He will die then I will die. The alien time line will die. Yeah, I finally figured it out. I whisper. A day late and a dollar short, an Earth expression. I sigh with delay.
I am a Tele alien. We both must die. I kill Dirk then Dirk kills me. We both must die here today, together forever to create no more time lines. I am stopping it. I am doing this. I am the end. And I am glued to the dirt.
Dirk laughs. The end is near. I can see it. I can feel it. I am the ruler. All the nobles, noblettes, prince and princesses are gone but the one Starra Starbuck the annoying teenager alien of the Planet Earth inside the Milky Way Galaxy.
I blink open my eyelashes, snarling. You a prince
He laughs way too much. I am not a prince but thank you for the royal compliment.
You are not welcome. I promise you will be dead and gone.
He laughs way too much again. I believe you are missing the point of my discussion, Earthling Starra. Please pay attention. I will not be repeating that would delay your fateyour punishmentyour demise.
I exhale and frown with annoyance. I understand your discussion point.
He nods and smiles. You are not a very good lawyer, Earthling Starra. You have lost all your cases and all your defendants have been indicted, trialed, convicted and sentenced to immediate death. They are all gone.
I frown. I saw what happened to my family, friends, and foes in the new galaxy and planets inside the old alien time line, number eleven. Once dead, all gone! My turn, I have indicted, trailed, convicted and sentenced you to immediate death, Dirk. Free me, so I can give you your just rewards, sneered.
He laughs. I am always amused with your Earth banter, Starra. Your attorney duties are finished. The lack of defendants have expired, so to speak. I am indicting you for obstruction of justice.
Obstruction of justice, laughs. Free me, you can see how obstructive I can become.
That is the eighth contempt charge against you, Earthling Starra.
Punish me, rotating my fists, not moving. I sighed with murder.
I am a gifted and talented Tele who plans to take him with me, our last act of the play to finish the final. The end!
Im the last of the nobles and one of the few alive and breathing citizens of the unknown universe on a breathable planet. During our space trip to the moon, Dirk attacked and destroyed two of the five ram ships. The ram ships contained every citizen, man, woman and child from the universe. Rann didnt want to leave any one person behind. He felt that everyone would be safer in the ship rather than on a planet. Dirk killed two ship filled with 80,000 men, women, babies, children and teens. Rann ordered the last two ram ships turned back and headed home. So there are some citizens left, 20,000 citizens in the unknown universe for him to enslave.
Dirk smiles. Not yet, the enslavement is shortly. However you are required to defend your petiteness Earthliness against me the most powerful Tele of the universe.
I exhale shaking my curls. Defend me!? You killed everyone in cold blood, Dirk. Im glued to the dirt. Free me! I growl.
Dirk wiggles his finger and smiles. There!
I shift my feet forward then stop. I am deciding my options, yall. There are way too many: Attack? Run? Hide? Surrender? Dance? Sing? Joke? Play? Con? Yes, I choose the con. I love you, Rann, Jess and Jenn. My inner thoughts are singing to the heavens. Rann, Jess and Jenn are in heaven. I miss them but will seeing them soonest without Dirk. Thanks! I nod and grin.
I did not want you to defend yourself too well. I might not get to kill you with ease. Dirk smiles.
Dont worry! Im not running from this fight like you. I might not get to kill you as I defend myself, my mouth saliva hitting the floor with a ting from T-powers. I giggle. The ultimate challenge has begun, Dirk, winks.
Dirk nods. I like you, Starra. You always enjoyed the title of a noblette, not the nave play. You are more like one of the guys. Tough. Rough. Strong.
Then lets get this guy thing going on I dont have all dang day. I have appointments and death incantations to do, giggles.
He laughs. Ill miss your Earth banter. However I must warn you. People cannot be raised from the death. Period.
Think so! Ill risen eleven times, pal. You have risen zero, my stupid hero, I giggle.
You do understand the laws of the universe. Dirk wiggles his eyebrows sitting inside his safe judges bench.
I understand that youre very good with hiding but you cannot hide from me here. Im here. Youre there. We fight. One lives. One dies. I sigh with murder.
As you wish one lives. One dies. Dirk smiles with yellow teeth to match his green clothes he floats high towards the ceiling and then guides down to floor. The image shifts and shimmies side to side.
I swing my fist missing. Be still. Dirk moves up and down. Fight like a man.
Dirk stops then frowns. I aint a man.
Fine, fight like a
He smiles. Do you fence?
Fence?
An ancient elegant art form used by Earthlings for attack and defense with a sword or saber.
I know about fencing from reading books on Earth. No, I dance. I giggle.
A duelist always carries a sword in one hand and dagger in the other. His right hand transforms into a yellow long pointy saber. The left hand shapes into a small yellow dagger. 
Dancing is good for the heart and the soul, Dirk. I shake my curls whipping my maser and sword in the air hitting nothing.
We stand facing each other with weapon, without bleeding just talking.
Dirk says. The sword was used as another offensive weapon for cracking armor on the opponent and the shield was used as a defense tool. His left hand changes into a shield.
Armor. I sneer wearing my sexy white dress and matching thigh boots, not really armor. But I look good. Time to die, Dirk, waving my weapons.
You cant kill me, sweetie. Dirk laughs.
I exhale. I really hate when you use pet name. Its Ritas pet name, not mine, gritting my teeth.
He creates body armor over his green tunic. Starra, you should have completed your training with Rosa. You would understand the power of the black diamond, his weapons change into hands holding an object of pretty colors.
Black diamond!? I frown at the tiny odd shaped piece of rock fragment. O! The five objects on your bench were chipped tiny fragments of the black diamond with the pretty array of colors, nods and smiles. In the first time line we met, missed and messed up, I shattered the twin stones within the gold bracelets that Lady Rosa entrusted to me. I disintegrated them into nothingness. In the fourth time, I was forced to retrieve a newly developed and baked 500,000 year old black diamond from the Bonita Ocean by Dirk when he threatened to kill Rann in cold blood, pauses. O! You saved the black diamond. How come only fragments?
Pity. Dirk frowns twirling the fragment, not viewing me.
Pity you.
You are so nave and young, Starra. Earthlings are said to be that way. Thats very convenient for me. Dirk smiles.
I shake my weapons, hands, arms, and curls. Earthlings are dead. Earth is gone imploding many, many moons and sun lights ago.
Not yet!
Do your ears work? Mother Nature destroyed the pests called Earthlings about fifteen years ago. Earth is dead along with my earth family and friends and my new family and friends, scanning the room, seeing only pink dried puddles of goo.
I take it back. You do not understand the laws of the universe. Earthlings are alive. Earth is doomed. You are correct but the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy along with your precious home of Starbuck Plantation is very, very much alive.
I ponder the dang statement then use logic. The time lines are affecting Earth, the planets, the galaxy, the, smiles and nods. I am correct. Rann was correct. There was a missing piece of the puzzle. I sigh with confusion.
Dirk says. After eleven time lines you finally get it, dumb farmer blue. Better late than never as they say. Duh, darn, derp, chuckles. He is extremely fascinated with both Earth and Earthlings. I am extremely fascinated in Dirk and dirk dying. Earth is dead along with the Earthlings. He winks. I can read your mind. Welcome back to the living, Starra while you are living here I should say.
I will not live but neither will you, Dirk. Im taking you with me to hell, I T-probe with my Telemetabolics sensing his organs, blood vessels and bones and flesh are at rest so attack now.
Dont attack yet? He grins.
Shit! I drop my mouth.
I can read your mind. I can feel your actions. I can control your movements. I shake my curls. 
Shall I perform a simple demonstration for your entertainment as them Missourians say show me, chuckles then closes his eyelids. 
The room is devoid of citizens, bots and animals then turns cold.
My Tele senses pings. Everything is fine.
I feel funny then itchy then occupied then invaded and finally taste salt on my tongue. Then I taste sugar then bitter. Stop! I exhale. This is all inside my mind, a mind trick, Dirk. You have successfully intruded and invaded my mind
The black diamond has intruded and invaded your mind, Starra. Dirk twirls the fragment, smiling. Due tell the secret. Yes, I will. Starra, do you know this material comes from outer space?
I giggle and nod. Who is the true alien in this storyline?
You see the black diamond has powers that you can not see with the naked eye.
I feel strange then empty then void then toss my arms and shake my butthole. Got out, Dirk!
I thought you wanted to see the unseen powers of the black diamond. Alright, I will not do that thing again. I assume you are most interested in why I forced you to retrieve the black diamond from the Bonita Sea before your planned demise. The black diamond properties are life staining. Good, I have your undivided attention. I did not know that either. This is very good for me, not you. Yes, my gink creation in the sixth time line was a failure. I was practicing on the regular garden minerals which accidentally discovered gink form the ginkgo extract creating Fizz. After the pain and torture techniques of laboratory studies then I move to the human subject trials. My first ten patients did expire with really quite violent deaths along with quantities of very important collection data. But the next ten survived. They thoroughly enjoyed the benefits of the gink which become known as the sweet colored beverage called Fiss. Rann figured it all out. He is a very charming and intelligent citizen. He exhibited dominance over me in every time line but this one. Too bad, Rann will not be coming back here. Sorry, girlfriend, winks. Back to the black diamond I was forced to absorb some of the minerals enzymes which created the explosion on Sahara in the last time line, number ten. I was holding the stone in my hand. You attacked me with the magnetic electronic rays from the remote device. Part of the stone exploded and ingrained into my open wounds. I absorbed the chemical properties then it changed me. Yes. You did this.
I toss my skull then close my eyelashes. Shit, I did this.
Thank you, Alien Starra. You did this. I am most appreciative. The properties allow one of thy selfie to see everything including the heavens, planets and other solar systems. Wow, I am really impressed with the diamond and my additional talents like directly reading your mind through the Tele-shield. Therefore I am the creator, a god.
Good gawd. I frown.
He smiles and nods. I enjoy the divine compliment but I am not a god, silly girl Starra. I am
I giggle, nodding. Sick, mental, coco-coco poops
He frowns. Actually a deity exists on the hierarchical spatial plane. The method is similar to varying degrees of belts in karate, the more experience, the higher the color of the belt. I am another element like the moon, stars, planets, galaxies, sun, sky, land, wood, metal, flora, animals, humans, tetrahedron, octahedron, icosahedrons and cube, shakes his baldness. Did you ever bother to do your homework on Earth? I see a below average student.
What is a tetrahedron? I frown.
He nods and smiles. Fire. Your brain cells are clicking with Platos geometric shapes. The shapes form to represent the element of fire, water, air and earth. There are classical elements of heaven, earth and space too. You and I are composed of chemicals atoms, proton, nucleus, hydrogen, carbon...
Are you a heating element? I giggle.
Heating element? he frowns.
I giggle. Like a toaster.
I could become the symbol of a toaster.
Do it? I flip my hand. Dang, Dirk turns into a toaster, touching with my boot toe to the metal object then giggles. No heat, man.
You did not ask for cooked bread. The toaster wiggles on the floor with Dirks voice. Any more questions?
I giggle and shake my hands and curls. On yes, plenty of questions before my eventual demise, are you a land element like a valley or a hill, nods.
Hill!?
Can you turn in to dirt? I giggle. Dang, Dirk turns into a clump of red clay dirt, claps and giggles. Im impressive. Hows about an electrical element? A voltage, battery. Dang, Dirk morphs into a comlen, I laugh then touch the metal. Youre dead, metal head. O! The comlen is dead without power or life or energy, nods. Dirk morphs into his yellow and green self.  I exhale. I give up. What element are you?
He smiles. The absolute element, I am the total of all things, external and internal. Based on the laws of the universe, the nature of humanity, and the will of the fundamental source of infinity, indescribability, formlessness and transcendence of the cosmos and consciousness, consisting of morals, values, ethnics, principals, consequentialism, objectivism, subjectivism
Consequentialism is not one of my earthling spelling words. Im confused. Are you good or evil?
I am both right and wrong. Plotinus crafted this concept after Platos philosophy described me as the one. I am
an audacious ignorance of the one fact, Dirk. The one is going to die and become non-existence, you. Poof. Proof. Proved, giggles then breathes. If you are an element I am an icon. The bodily concept of a universal sub consciousness, undivided and incapable of being depicted through deities, partner to the individual souls of mankind, impaired by evil thought and deed, facilitated by altruism, share a general value system of that discourages worldliness and encourages seeking higher, more intangible principals, righteousness, justice, and good deeds done for mans own sake, not yours.
The black diamond gives me powers to disappear or teleport which is similar to looking like I am invisible, Dirk stands next to me then smiles. I am shape shift too, turns into an orange Kongo. He says. I can fly too, flies around the ceiling as a Kongo. I am water, changes into a puddle of water on the floor. He says. Fire, morphs into a free standing fire and flames. Wind, changes into wind blowing my hair. Hail, changes into hail.
I toss my hands. Enough, I got the foto. You can stop. You can become a sun, a star, a black hole, a hurricane, a tornado, lightning bolts, snow, ice, trees, frogs, insects and fleas on a purr kitten. I believe ya, non-man, giggles. So the diamond acts as a prism to manipulate the protons and electrons of the atoms for any live objects, nods.
He smiles. Very good, you are a quick study, Starra. I am sad that you chose to fight me instead of favor me. We would have made a dynamic duo, reaches for my freckles.
I back step. My fate is with Rann, not you. Your fate is not here I believe you Dirk keep missing that point of me, the alien, frowning with intrigue. Dirk is holding a magic stone. He has consumed bits of a magic stone inside his life weird form. I cannot compete with the object unless I know some of the properties and qualities of the mineral. The black diamond is powerful in the right hands and deadly in the wrong hands. I sigh with doom.
Alchemy? I change the stone into a patch of golden currs.
Can you bring back the dead? I frown.
Alas! Once dead always gone! I can die. Dirk falls to the floor, not breathing. His face turns blue. The blood drains from the brain and heart. I shoot the maser at his ugly head, missing. He morphs into his person, chuckling. Ya missed again, Starra. Now, Rann and the nobles are dead. And I have been transformed into a wonderful gift for lack of a better term, chuckles.
I frown with confusion, tossing my arm. You have killed all the citizens of the universe including the nobles and the commoners, Dirk.
Really, Ive been too busy to take a current consensus.
In the fifth time line you were king. Why didnt you let the universe intact and rule as king?
Have you forgotten what I explained in the time line of eight?
Your fate is not to rule. Your fate is death.
You are partially correct if not humorous, Alien Starra. Yes, Rann is destined to be ruler of the universe. His fate is destined all along even with your constant interference causing the paths to shift back and forth, up and down, side to side, chuckles. I am quite amazed that you did not figure all this out yourself. Alas! You did not read the Book, a wonderful manuscript of useful data to be used by good or evil ways, chuckles. Rosa tried to tell you giving you homework assignments. You failed that task. You seemed to keep pursuing Rann even when the odds were against you. In the sixth time line I made you my commander of my troopers. You were captured by Rann. Yet, he did not kill you. Rann does take live and dead prisoners. He was very informed of your murders of his people yet he did not harm you. He even fell in love with you again and again and again. Yes, I noticed and noted also. Yes, he did notice and note also. You can blame love for blinding your true duty. In the eighth time line I had the cataclysm curse. You had the cataclysm charm, exhales. Actually they are meaningless assignments. I could have been the charmed like you. I could have been the alien too. In the end it all means nothing. The Book is like a great puzzle of completeness. The puzzle is completed. The universe and the planets exist along with me like it is supposed to be. This is the final time line. I have black diamond. The curse will be removed on me. The charm will be broken on you. You will not be returning to Earth, Starra. I give your chance and you wasted them returning to be with you beloved Prince Rann. Also, another waste, he is dead along with the nobles. You will die and see you Creator. The black diamond has hidden properties, powers, and presence. Those were the lessons from Rosa, views the stone room. The moon is going to explode. One of my many ultimate full-prove plans without Rann, the nobles, you. I can read your mind, I exhale. He nods. She died in the snow. Rosa is dead and frozen
I exhale then frown with annoyance. My turn to lecture, sir. Dirk. you do not know the ramifications if the stone is detached or shattered. I found that out in the first time line. I possessed the bracelets in the first time line then shattered the stones against each other. I totally destroyed the stones, yall. The special effects caused the violent earthquake, the thunderstorm and one of bolts of lightning to hit me. Isomething then was whip lashed back to the space shuttle before the entrance of the wormhole into this galaxymy new home. I re-entered the wormhole. My Earth Tele-astronauts died the first time but I survived alone. All of this is not a metaphysical dream trapped within my psychic mind while sleeping inside my cozy bed. Yes, dead people do not come back to life. Everyone died over and over again, but you and me. The phenomenon happens in this universe over and over and over with some weird type of connection. There is not a connection here. We are not connected Dirk. The black diamond is the bonding agent. The stone has been underwater for millions of years growing and evolving with its own powers that only psychics can see, can use but cannot master the stone. It will master you, Dirk. No, that is not correct. It will destroy you, if you destroy it. Therefore we do not destroy anymore of the fragment. We need its power to gain our universe and our freedom from both the curse and charm. And the moon is going to explode. All the citizens are dead, but me and you. Dont you wanna at least one subject to rule and boss around? I giggle. I am not a citizen of this universe, you are. I am the alien. And I am very aware of the dramatic decreased population in the universe. You have dwindled, declined, and deaded all the citizens. You need to check the census, buddy. It is you and me and a few more commoner, laughs. 
He smiles. This is stage one. I will check it completed. There is a stage two which I am afraid you will not be participating in. I am quiet exhausted trifling with your sassy perky personality. Bow to me, Starra, flings the black dust into my face. My legs bend then buckle against my knees, without my permission from my brain cells as he invades and possesses my mind. He smiles. Much better, I have thoroughly enjoyed toying with you Starra but I have plans to implement and appointments to keep. Im a very busy, if youve prefer the super term god-kind, chuckles. 
I bow, not moving, shouting. Time to die, you godless, ill-mannered, stupid dork, giggles.
He flings the black diamond dust at me when I rise to face him. He frowns. Dork, I am not familiar with that term.
I smile and giggle doing my con job on the dummy deity. Earth banter, its a funny pun of your pithy personality on the hierarchy of nasty nouns, jock, geek, nerd, dork, wimp, jerk, creep
I moved up. Dirk laughs.
I wanted you to know from me what you really are in Earth vocabulary, I float the golden sword from the floor into my hands, growling.
No! Dirk jerks the sword from me flying into the wall crack. I retrieve a maser from the floor. No! He jerks the maser and the dagger from my boot. No! The weapons fly into the wall crack when he smiles. Youre full of energy, might and ambition, Starra.
I growl. Im full of guts, gravel and grit. Youre a dead man, Dirk.
Only if you can find a weapon of mass destruction to kill me, he and the jury box, jury members, and judges bench changes into a pieces of rock. The black diamond
I frown. The dead objects are all rocks again.
He morphs into a man. Precisely, youre very smart for a teenager alien. Its a real shame I have to finally destroy you, Starra. Youve been so entertaining for me throughout all the past ten time and space continuums. I really hate to see you go but there is a new time line waiting for me.
I stomp my boot. Impossible, Dirk.
He flings the black dust on the rocks, smiling. My new magic, you do not possess, cannot control and will not use.
I view the particles of black diamonds, frowning. Use!? How can you use diamond dust? I dont understand. A least, please answer my finale death question.
You will see on your own metaphysical plane how a real being works the magic.
I shake my curls. Man, youre looney tooney, Dirk. I probably suffer and die by your hand. But not before I seek revenge on you for killing my innocent daughters Jess and Jenn and murdering my loving husband Rann. By the way Ill be coming right back here, but you wont buddy, giggles. I sigh with over confidence.
He smiles and nods. I admire your tenacity, Earthling Starra. So sorry to see.what is that you are holding?
I pick at my object then lift for his eyelids. IED, an Earth term that ya dont know about. This is an IED, an ingenious explosive device, smiling.
He smiles, extending his palm like a fool. For me, so sweet! he uses his Telekinesis retrieving the colorful pink delicate tiny item from my open hand. This is my final, final end of the universe plan of action. I sigh with triumph.
Hey? I fake a smile then snort for my fun.
He studies the pink object. Interesting, I cannot figure out the purpose.
I giggle and wave.  Good bye, Dirk. Ill miss playing with you for the rest of my long and full filling life in the unknown universe. Dirk studies the pink object then his hand explodes and falls off his body. I had anticipated a gory mess. I sigh with vomit.
I rip another of my pink-painted nails, the index finger. I toss the dead tissue onto Dirks leg. Nails are made of extended dead tissue from the living body. It sounds gross. I sigh with smarts.
Dirk jumps then fall on his bee-hind, without the use of his left leg. Stang!
Dont like my secret weapon! I rip another nail from my right petite hand then aim and toss. The pink object lands on his right arm. Burning. Pink bubbles appear on his pale arm. Im burning.
Burning down the house, boy, laughs. I altered the chemical coating in the pink nail polish to absorb my proteins and enzymes in my body, not yours. And the potent chemical is gink, an herb You are experiencing an allergy reaction to your herb, giggles. Not true, I lie. I sorry. I exaggerate. I reconfigured the atoms for an allergic reaction to your flesh and blood body by adding a second element, zinc. Ya see I finally did find and read that dang red smelly Book after ten alien time lines. I learned that when you mix the compound they produce an element called arsenic. It is a poison. Actually a toxin if you are not exposed to the elements from the beginning of the mixture. The warning issued if swallowed can lead to vomiting, stomach pain and cancer but if touched by an alien, it is instantaneous death.
I will heal. The black diamond dust., Dirk crawls with one leg. I break another nicely manicured pink-painted fingernail from my hand then toss at another body part. His right arm burns then explodes. O stupid, youre burning and then exploding like an IED, improvised explosive device by me Princess Starra. Dont forget my name, sweetie. Ya must be duh, derp, and deaf as well as armless. I watch the cells of his skin, blood vessels, and muscles pop and explode like red popcorn. I sigh with hurling. Dirk screams creating a fake ghostly yellow limb over his missing leg and arms, back pedaling from me, his number one enemy of the unknown universe. Told ya! I would win this round, battle, fight and war. I yell chasing behind him. Im finishing you off one limb at a time. Dirk screams. He transforms from a humanoid form into a round yellow bright ball of light. I leap into the light ripping off the rest of my long pretty manicured round tipped pink-painted original fingernails. One by one tosses them at the former Lord Dirk of the planet of Bonita.
The ball pops then melts then burns then smells then cries then howls then barks then growls then sighs. The ball silences then morphs into Dirk: pale nose, pointy chin, ugly pale face, chartreuse robes. I sigh with deep revenge.
Dirk is missing body parts: an eye, teeth, fingers, toes, two arms, legs, kneecaps looking nicely gross. He is human again. I gallop like the wind running at top Tele-speed toward him. I leap the last five feet then dance in the air waves. I reach with my arm grabbing his throat holding on as he bucks like a bronco. I perform my girly fight moves.
I pull his red hair, yank both his arms, kick his torso into black and blue bruises with my boot toes and bite his earlobes. I grab his throat then squeezing tight, tighter and tightest
He gasps then whines then exhales then inhales for the precious mixture of hydrogen and oxygen to live in the universe like me.
I giggle then gag having trouble breathing too. Im losing both my physical and Tele-strength but clung to his throat while breathing the poisoned air on the moon.
Dirk drops to the floor, not breathing and finally dead.
I drop to the floor, gasping for clean fresh air. I fought the energy of Dirk, winning. I sigh with sadness.
Im alone dying again. They are dead. Everyone has died. I close my eyelashes seeing my family and friends in vivid colors like an old Hollywood movie: Prince Rann, my loving and devoted husband; Princess Jess, my loving and devoted first born twin daughter; Princess Jenn, my loving and devoted second twin daughter; Ambassador Ty, my life time friend and noble of the planet of Sahara; and the rest of the familiar and fun-loving nobles and noblettes of the unknown universe. Once gone, always dead! I sigh with deep selfishness.
The roof top implodes revealing the nasty ugly mean purple and angry red sky. The pink sun hits my freckles. I can breathe but study Dirk.
He isnt breathing, definitely dead. O no! Dirks life form feeds the moon, the elements, the atmosphere, the rivers, the soil, the trees, the seas and the air.
I guess I dont need to worry about air.
The moon shakes violently. I feel the cool wet muddy floor under my body then see the bright white and yellow stars in the night sky. There is no one to help me.
The moon starts to implode with a supernova explosion. The words were from the scientists on Tech world who predicted this, eighteen years ago. I feel the geological disturbances under my body then see the pretty white lightning marks of the geomagnetic storm. The storm creates a beautiful aurora of lights bright rainbow colors after a spring rain shower. I sigh with death.
My T-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling!
I circle the dusty room with my eyelashes, seeing stone and material debris from the earthquakes.
The lights go out, when fridge air bombards my body. I wrap my arms around my chest.
The lights come on, when hot sizzling stream surrounds me. I un-wrap my arms whacking the heated stream around my face.
I halt, narrowing my eyelashes. There arent wall fixtures for lights. I view the ceiling. The sun light flicks off bombarding me with fridge air. Then the sunlight flicks on attacking me with hot sizzling steam. I sigh with dizziness.
My head aches. My brain hurts. I see the naked sky of yellow, pink, orange, green, then purple. The arctic cold are fills the room when midnight black clouds hover over the temple.
Then the summertime heat displaces the air into the room with bright white clouds swirling over the temple.
Summertime then wintertime, I understand.
The seasons are changing from the rapid weather pattern of rotation. The moon is rotating on its axis faster than an eyelash blink. Just great, Im going to freeze or suffocate to death. I whisper into the dust, dirt, and dang twirling particles of imploring moon. Just pick a season! I sigh with distress.
I feel dizziness. My heads woozy. My stomachs upset. I vomit with a sickening splattering sound over the dust. I feel lightheaded then woozy. I cannot move gasping for air. Cold air. Hot heat. Cold air. Hot heat. Cold air. Hot heat. The room twirls before my eyeballs.
My throats tight. My lungs are tighter. My bodys numb, grabbing my throat with two hands. I close my eyelashes, not breathing oxygen.
I pass out into darkness.

day 13,143. Milky Way Galaxy. Planet Earth. Starbuck Plantation. green sky. pink sun. orange clouds. 135F.
I blink open my eyelashes, seeing a green skyline, pink sun and orange clouds under the clear dome. I lay on my back muscles in the cool wet grass of the horse pasture, rising upon my elbows. I frown with annoyance. What the fudge? My horse Thunderfoot nudges my arm with his wet soft nose, hearing my voice. I flip my glove. Fine, Im fine, struggling to stand then wobble side to side, exhaling. What the fudge?
I walk to edge of the ecosphere, seeing through the looking glass, not giggling. I observe the beautiful shining afternoon hot sun stomping my boot heels through the red ripen wild strawberry patch. Thats need picking. More importantly, I see the newest ugly growth of purple weeds and black flowers from the radiated pod seeds engulfing the solar equipment and climbing the filters of the ecosphere, itself. Not good, whispering for my and the wildlifes eardrums, shaking my curls.
I had been observing the deadly funky plants for six months from my bedroom window at four in the morning, when the sun rose to meet the sky line. An intriguing science project for the plantation school if I was not concerned about the results of my empirical study my findings indicate the nasty fungus is spreading fast and fine. Based on my mathematical calculations the fungus would overrun my ecosphere in three weeks. I shudder at my smart-hole scientific results. Yesterday, I had contacted the Hunts-Bama Agricultural Center inside the dome forcefully whining my shared mathematical data and my deadly dangerous conclusion. The Center politely addressed me with a fake smile plus a standard response. Dont call us, well call you.
Stang, whispering for my ears, only then frown with puzzlement. Stang, what is a stang, giggles. Im not a scientist. Im a farmer, nods.
As a farmer I also note other non-empirical data consisting of sick animals, sick plants, sick crops, sick wildlife, and sick employees. Im not blind, just hopeful for a miracle of Planet Earth and Earthlings. My final and complete scientific conclusion concludes. I sigh with utter gut wrenching doom.
My interior thoughts scream into my mind giving me a headache. Everything aint fine, baby!
I exhale, viewing the clear dome. My farm is dying. My animals are dying. My friends are dying. My city is dying. My state is dying. My country is dying. My continent is dying. My planet is dying. Im dead, totally, bowing my chin, sobbing with wet tears.
The reoccurring sounds dong in the far distance. The communication globe rounds the oak tree bright with a red blinking light. It stops. The flap lifts revealing the face of my overseer for my farm. He seems anxious. Starra, Ming greets.
I exhale, saying softly. Ming.
He exhales then darts his eyeballs to his left then back to me, not smiling. We have some unusual company here at Starbuck Plantation. Please come back now, cuts the transmission. I gasp making an ugly fugly distorted face. Ming cut me off. The screen turns black. The flap closes. The communication globe hovers at attention.
Scat! I shout at the black circle. The globe turns, aims at the oak tree, misses and goes around. We have company here at Starbuck Plantation. Who in tarnation is here as company? Who in the galaxy would be visiting my plantation? I walk to the horse viewing the grass then the bright sun then the worn saddles possessing a blank memory blank.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
Everything is fine, darling!
I shake my curls brushing off the grass, dirt and flower petals then climb into the saddle.
I kick Thunderfoot hard. He leaps into the rear towards the usually company at the ranch house.

Ranch house.
Male: tall, elderly, gray hair, slender, business suit, sweaty face, not smiling. He extends his hand, nodding. I am Peter from the Tele program, exhales. Dr. Starbuck, I do not have time or patience. You will come with me for Tele training
Go, Starra.
What? Im so sorry. I didnt catch your last statement. I shake my curls frowning with confusion.
Peter says. Tele training is
Go, Starra.
What? I sorry. Please repeat your last statement again. I shake my curls.
He says and nods. Mankind needs your help
Go, Starra.
I toss my arms then sour. Okay, alright, fine, Ill go
He smiles, grabbing my waving arm. Excellent, your overseer will be in charge of your plantation. Dont worry about packing any personal items for trip
He drags me towards the solar car still rambling about some farm conference as I study my home feeling strange, nervous and right. I am doing the right thing here leaving Starbuck plantation for the second time in my short life of seventeen years old. I wave goofy to Ming.
He nods and waves back.

Dall-Tex biosphere. golden sky, pink clouds, red sun, 95*F, morning
I stand at the wide window after the three hours, one minute and 23 seconds road trip admiring the colorful sky clashing with the pink clouds and red sun. I wipe sweat from my lips and nose. I hear faint voices then view other unlucky attendees to the Tele conference here.
Peter leads a gang of polished people with bright smiles and nice clothes.
I tap the dried clay from my worn cowgirl boot onto the clean floor, giggling. Then I comb my stringy hair with my fingers following the gang of pretty people into a gray side door.
The room is ugly color neon orange.
I pick out one of the many ugly red chairs sitting in my dirty blue jeans and dirtier leather boots, crossing my leg and thumping my foot.
Peter climbs the purple stage then smiles into the microphone. Welcome, Emissaries of Peace.
I frown then silently mouth: emissaries.
Male: tall, dark hair, dark skin, big mouth. He shouts in the first row. E-me-sure there, pal, chuckles with the pretty people.
I whisper for my ears, only. Im not an emissary. Im a farmer.
Male: short, dark hair, dark skin, low IQ. The stupidest guy yells beside me, A what?
Female: tall, blonde hair, pale skin, high IQ. She smiles. An ambassador.
The stupidest guy on Earth yells again. A what?
Female: short, queen-sized, gray hair, pale skin. She says. An envoy.
A what? The stupidest guy on Earth yells again. I sigh with lesson. 
I face the fool on my left then yell. A person who interrupts for the deaf, blind and dumb, my captured audience sniggers.
Are you calling me, dumb? The stupidest guy on Earth growls with his stupider question.
I couldnt resist answering, since I dont care. And Im not in a good mood. I really need to vent my angry and frustrations being here. I giggle. I dont know. Am I? my captured audience snickers.
Peter shouts. Please get comfortable, help yourself to refreshments on the side table. We are going to be here for a long time to discuss the mission.
I stretch my booted feet toward the space under the forward chair. Dried red clay clumps fall onto the orange carpet as I lean my head into the back rest closing my eyelashes.
Are you comfortable, ambassordumb? The stupidest guy on Earth growls at me.
Yeah, I am.
Male: tall, pale skin, blonde hair, high IQ. He bad breathes into my earlobe. Are you really from an ecosphere?
Yeah, I am.
Are you always this elegant and polished and sophisticated, farm gal? The stupidest guy on Earth sneers at me.
Yeah, I am.
Peter yells into the microphone. Everyone back to your seats. Your eyes on me, I am ready to begin, presses the buttons. The gigantic communication globe behind him blinks into life with yellow then red then blue streak across the screen.
I hear a rich deep sexy baritone timber.
Greetings, Earthlings! I sigh with intrigue.
I blink my eyelashes open sitting upright, studying the screen. The monitor image is very poor in dull tones of black and gray and dispersed with wavy lines across the screen.
I am Prince Rann. I am an alien. The emissaries and me laugh.
Peter presses the button. The fussy film stops wavering. This is not a joke. This is a very serious communication from outer space, presses the buttons when the figure moves.
He smiles. I am from your friendly neighbor galaxy across the street from the Milky Way, the emissaries and me laugh again. I will visit your planet in five Earth days. I come in peace, he smiles when the emissaries and me laugh.
This is rich. I giggle and nods then stare at the short queen-sized old lady. She burns invisible fire balls from her green eyes into my ratty jeans. I giggle and finger Rann on the screen. If this aint a joke its the funniest science fiction film Ive ever seen yet. I come in peace. Give me a freaking alien break, laughs.
People, this is not a joke, a science fiction show or a trick. Peter says.
Ya fooled me.
The special effects are great.
Weve been contacted and contracted by an extraterrestrial advanced race.
E.T, please call home, honey. We miss ya, darling. Supper is ready.
Theyre coming to visit.
You mean for dinner.
What are we serving?
Earthlings.
Peter shouts. Everyone calm down. Quiet, people quiet. I cup my snickering with a dirty hand. This is so funny. My mission is to entertain some wayward aliens from another far away galaxy. The United Earth government has selected you as part of the Envoy of Peace with the aliens. We will be joined by President Ken, vice-presidents of all the United Governments from around the world.
O joy
Joy to the world
And the aliens too
Delegates, aids, bodyguards, and guns, O my!
No matter how terrible the global situation is the infiltration of politicians complicates it three fold.
Peter says. The meeting will take place in three day.
The film said five days, Dr. P.
Two days have passed. He nods.
Would that be an earth day or an alien?
Peter nods. This is not the first message we received from the aliens. There were a series of greetings. The scientists spliced the best portions of the transmissions together for your presentation. I want to clarify your duty...
Alright, okay, lets fight against the aliens. I gotta a shotgun.
Go for it.
The aliens use Tele-powers. Peter nods. This is a strange term Tele powers. The concept of Tele-powers 
Male: short, dark skin, dark hair. He shouts. When do we eat?
Martin says. Tele abilities are classified as Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance and Telemetabolics. Telepathy or mind reading, thought reading and mind guarded conditioning is the means of communicating to individuals, human or animal in a non traditional method other than verbally, visually or auditory. Telekinesis or levitation is the ability to move objects, small, medium or large from point A to point B without interruption. Teleclairvoyance or precognition, post cognition and object reading is the ability to perceive people, places, objects or events that are not in sight, usually future outcomes. Telemetabolics is healing and body manipulation. It is the ability to cure or mend a wound, sore or other physical condition on a human or an animal to its original healthy state. Each emissary possesses some of degree of the four named talents. Let me begin with the lovely lady on the left side of the room. Miss Gigi possesses Telepathy. Gigi: tall and pretty. Lulu is gifted with the power of Teleclairvoyance. Kenya can use Telekinesis gifts. Saudi as a physician natural possesses the power to heal of Telemetabolics. We have our honorary Teles in pilot Tex and co-pilot Cervantes. Huntress is talented with Telekinesis and I am gifted in Teleclairvoyance
Did ya guess the alien encounter too, peter. 
Peter reads his notes, frowning. Starra is gifted in 
Youre not gifted. Cervantes leans into my face, drooling with spit from laughter. I sigh with fun.
I place my dirty hand on my forehead with my eyeballs open as the emissaries watch.
I closed my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I remove my hand then open my eyelashes. Youre a dipstick, Cervantes. I sigh with revenge.
The emissaries howled with laughed, clapped and cheered.
Kenya claps and chuckles. She told you, Cervantes. Starras a true Tele. I giggled.
You got that right, pal. I smile.
Peter yells, Attention, people. Starra is a unique lady. She is very gifted with Telekinesis and Telepathy. I sigh with VIPness.

Starras suite. red sky. blue clouds. pink sun. 103F. evening.
I walk out the bathroom naked after showering off the sweat from my first day of silly toot-toot training.
The communication globe stalks me.
I jerk the black one-piece polyester jumpsuit from the closet then dress. Peter said clothes provided in ugly itchy fabrics. I sit in the sofa, comfortable and soft. I sigh with homesickness.
I want to go home. I miss my home. I feel different, strange, and right. Im doing the right thing here nodding my curls for confirmation. My stomach acids dont agree when I burp out loud then giggle with silliness.
I study the dull space shuttle under the red tarp with my very good eyesight then the far away stars shine bright in yellow and white diamonds in the black night sky, a true romantic evening with a boyfriend. I sigh with disappointment.
Six hours ago, I was happily plowing the back field to plant a new crop of cotton. Now, Im hungry.
I stand then leave my room walking down an empty hallway feeling the cool air. I let my legs do the traveling following my guts. My guts say turn left at the corridor. The mess hall is there.
I turn left then smell food. I giggle with my toot-toot training.
I stop in the archway.

Recreation room.
The white clean and fresh smelling recreation room contained dining room tables and chairs in the wall corners, grandfather clocks, book cases, and kitchen appliances lining the wall. A refrigerator, a stove, a billiards table complete with pool cues and balls appears newly purchased.
I found the furniture, giggling.
Kenya stands at the corner of the dining room table, patting it, smiles. Its not really a play room. Its an exercise room for exercising your Tele powers. We must practice our special talents to fight with the aliens coming for breakfast tomorrow morning. We must start to practice now. We must be prepared ahead of time from the invasion of the aliens. Theyre an advanced uncivilized race of humanoids with weird powers. Ya saw the film, grunts then lifts the table a few inches from the floor with his Telekinesis. I sigh with amusement.
The prince on the movie looked very human and handsome to me. Gigi giggles with the other females. I grin at her correct  assessment. The film was wavy and fussy but the prince was nice looking and possessed that deep baritone voice, so sexy. I sigh with daydreaming.
I can do better than that. Tex, the pilot does not possess Tele powers. He grunts then lifts the dining room chair with one hand in the air as the emissaries and me cheer. I lean against the kitchen counters extending my arm wiggling my fingers over the food tray of sandwiches figuring out which one or two that I wanna eat. I select the high pile of white turkey, green lettuce, white mayo and white bread then stuff between my lips, chewing.
I watch with some serious intrigue and kitty-cat curiosity while chewing then swallowing then chewing.
Lulu stands near one of the empty wall then floats the oven stove out from the wall then guides over the tiles. She lifts it five feet from the floor using her Telekinesis in the air 1 second2 seconds..3 seconds4 secondsthen drops it. She catches it before it breaks the tile dumping onto the floor with a loud ting from the metal. The emissaries laugh, claps and cheer.
Gigi stands before the kitchen sink as I squeeze between the wall corners munching on the sandwich, half-way gone. She extends her arms before her breasts and parallel of the tile then wiggles with her manicured fingers. The single dirty eating plate shimmies right then left splitting off tiny pebbles of sharp ceramic fly up and then land into the sink. She bites her bottom lip wiggling her fingers when the plate slowly lifts from the dirty pile of dishes. The plate continues to climb up and straight towards the ceiling then stops. It shimmies right then left then falls into the pile of the dishes inside the sink making a loud pinging noise with other broken ceramic dishes. She exhales, smiling, drops her arms to her side. The emissaries cheer and claps. She curtseys when I finish the turkey sandwich. I reach for the ham, cheese, lettuce, mayo, and bread, chewing.
Saudi stands in front of the tall and slender wooden deigned ancient grandfather clock, exhaling. He shakes his body then slowly raises his upwards as the clock slowly lifts from the tile with his arm spam. Both arms and clock rise towards the ceiling then stalls three feet from the tile for 1 second2 seconds3 seconds4 seconds5 seconds6 secondsthen drops to the tile. The clock smashes into four to six large pieces of ancient wood and nine to twelve smaller pieces of metal and wiring. Saudi frowns then spins and bows to his fans. The emissaries laugh, clap and cheer.
I two-step towards one of empty book cases to show off my Tele-powers of something once I get there then figure it out then stop in front of the archway. The other emissaries are crowding the different pieces of the furniture with hands and shoes kicking, yanking, and grunting to lift the individual item from the tile.
I feel the hard folded fist punch between my shoulder blades when I stomp forward from the personal attack then swing around, sneering at him.
Cervantes sniggers and stands in the archway, nodding and smiling. He shouts over my hair roots being taller. I see the troops are in a good mood this evening getting ready for the invasion of the aliens, I grunt then two-step from his non-bleeding face.
Kenya grunts then lifts the dining room again, straining the words. Greatmindsthinkalike, drops the table then nods and sours. Were going to be invaded by the aliens. This is the reason for their visit to invade us and take over Planet Earth.
Cervantes fingers each person. You are the weapons to fight back against the nasty aliens. You possess these Tele stuffings to beat the stuffings out of their muffins, the emissaries cheer and clap. You will win. You are the championships, the emissaries cheer and clap. Cervantes leads towards the patio out of the sweaty stinky hot room. He raises his arms. We are earthlings. We are the stronger and meaner than other species..., exits the room.
I frown, shaking my curls. We are not stronger. We are dying form arrogance, slides towards the long and wide heavy wooden eight foot billiards table complete with the pool cues inside the green mat plus rolling loose balls. Someone played a game.
I exhale with my arms slapping my legs, staring at the big fat piece of furniture. I can do this. Im a Tele-thingie, giggles, hovering my fingers over the smooth wood. I slowly touch the wood with the tips of my finger pads feeling soft. I slide my palms over the edge of the shaped wood feeling silky.
I closed my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I feel the table rumble between my fingers, lifting from the tile, slides my palms from the soft wood. My wrists block the climb of the table keeping my eyelashes closed, concentrating. My wrists yield to the heavy table standing in the pose of bank-robbery. The table slowly rises towards the ceiling as the cool breeze shifts my T-shirt and hair curls. I still, not breathing then I gag. I breathe slowly and steady. I dare it. I blink open my eyelashes, slowing curling the left side of my lips since I cant curl the right side, a flaw of my face.
I see the billiards table almost touching the ceiling plaster as the plaster chips flakes drop on my hair roots, tiles, dining room table and other pieces of furniture. I exhale then hold my breathe, pondering how to get it down.
The table drops towards the tile when I catch it with my Telekinesis about two feet from the ceiling. The room is fifteen foot high being a recreational room for fun.
I exhale, standing still.
The table slowly descends in a steady pace towards the tile when I hear a scream. The table halts when I slow my heart rate from the stupid rebel yell of Cervantes.
I hear.
Whats it?
I smile then slowly descend the billiards table to the floor, exhaling. I smile gently touching the wood again. I nod and giggle, hearing.
Whats that falling in the night sky like a bright star?
A bird.
No.
A plane.
No.
A man.
No, Cervantes.
Cervantes says. Hey, I dont say that.
Look up into the sky. The clouds are red that means a storm is brewing. Well get rain tonight.
Whys it falling star falling sideway?
The stars massive, a chunk of an asteroid. However asteroids dont navigate in east and west coordinators. So thats not a star. The star is not falling its landing on our planet..
I stroll outside eating the yummy chocolate pie. The night air is nice like my dome at Starbuck plantation even if the planet is dying below my boot toes. I chew, seeing clear and sparkling water inside the swimming pool with no swimmers. I see the pretty set of yellow clothed lounge chairs with no loungers. I chew the pie then gulp my beverage in three swallows.
I study the horizon with no sunlight only bright moon light dances on the brown sand. My mind relaxs under the warm air inside glass garden patio under the beautiful romantic starry night.
I follow the darkness towards the bright stars twinkling then stop chewing.
I see a shiny outer space alien star ship. I sigh with nervousness.
No one breathes like me.
I, including the remaining three millions people on Earth have never seen a freaking outer space star ship or UFO, unidentified flying object. Im witnessing using one of my Tele talents of Tele-sight a UFO at this very moment. I thinknawknownaw feel it.
The ship is hundreds or thousands or millions (cant count) times bigger than the grounded ancient rust stained space shuttle. The vessel lands on the north concrete port serving as a planned drop zone. The ship is shiny silver in color containing an advanced race of men, women, animals, aliens or what.
I pull my gray eyes from the red sky and silver UFO scanning the crowded upright figures not swimming in the pool. The figures stand and stare at the aliens. I feel their breathing heavy with anticipation or fear.
Im going to meet another being from another world from another galaxy. Im going to meet an alien, really cool.  I smile.
Prince Rann, an alien from another galaxy is the being in the fuzzy television signal and I am going to see him, tomorrow.
The overhead lights spot light the ship then swing to the figure. I stood tall for a short person to get a better vision with my Tele-sight. Someone is stepping down the long silver ramp. A person has emerged from the ship. 
Look, something is emerging from the space ship.
Who is that?
No, what is that?
That is the alien
The aliens are here with us.
The aliens are here with us for five days.
There goes the solar train. Martin knows the aliens are here too
We go to bed.
Well see them tomorrow.

Alien day number one. Dall-Tex biosphere. red building. purple stage. orange auditorium. pink sky. orange clouds. purple sun. green rain. 100F. morning
I dress in the new black jumpsuit designed for my body form and comfort to the first contact meeting of the aliens. I giggle, Stang! I shake my curls of silver hair. I sigh with confusion.
I stand in the archway seeing and smelling the packed like sardines in the auditorium. I sigh with stinky-ness.
I scoot from the archway when other hands and shoes pull me into the room. I slide next to Kenya located in the rear seat of the auditorium against the wall in the last row and chair, out of sight, out of mind. Peter has made a very wise decision hiding the emissaries from eyeballs, eardrums, nose holes and other sensitive body parts. He shouldnt have threatenednawdrafted me. I view him. Didnt you bathe, Cervantes?
Shut it, Starra. Cervantes slumps into his seat crossing his arm, bows his chin at the stage of unfamiliar people.
I can read his mind. Kenya fingers and frowns. The ambassador sitting over there in the blue robe, exhales and nods. These are the dignities from across the planet of Earth representing the different surviving united governments coming here to greet the aliens.
I frown slapping his bicep. Stop calling them that.
Kenya winks and chuckles. theyre dignities.
I giggle. Theyreuhlife forms from another world since were talking logistics.
Over in the far wall corner is my delegate President Melinda Mombassa of United Africa with her vice president Asante Banti, secretary Tristan Khapoya, and General Abebe Togo and numerous obvious body guards. Body guards? he frowns at me. Why are there body guards here at all? I frown and shake my curls. He exhales then views Melinda. Our biospheres are the worlds second largest continent covering six percent of Earths total surface area and twenty percent of the total land mass with more than one million people, fourteen percent of the worlds population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, the Suez Canal and the Red sea to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The coast lines flooded creating the middle of the land mass of biosphere Cameroon which shrink to five percent of Earths landmass. The center of Africa only existed after the flooding, storms and radiation. The southern tip and western tip is underwater. The biosphere are listed as Cameroon, Zimbabwe, Chad and Ghana which produces yams, oil palms, coffee, teff, finger millet, peas, lentil, cotton, watermelon, gourds, wild animal population of goats, oxen and cattle, sorghum and rice and gold and copper in the mines and spices and no lions, elephants, tigers or hyenas and cheetahs, deer, camels and giraffes, apes and monkeys. Theyre wild crocodiles and amphibians living in the coastal waters, nods and smiles with the other emissaries.
I smile. Fascinating, youre lucky being from a great dome, scans the room. The auditorium holds all the world leaders including all the named presidents, vice-presidents, statesmen, aids, media, military personnel, body guards, and me. I sigh with intrigue.
Lulu leans from her chair, staring at me, sneers. This is the first contact meeting, Starra. We are the first Earthling to contact the aliens, Starra. This is great honor, Starra. You are supposed to be happy and honor our first contact, emissary.
I eye roll then slump into my chair, bowing my chin, views the dirty floor, hearing.
Peter stands at the microphone, Attention please, with another man: tall, pale skin, dark hair, slender, smiles. Peter says. Good morning. I want to relay our condolences to the President of the United South America. This morning at 4:09 am, a surprise volcano burst through the land mass. The molt and lava eruptions from the violent and deadly volcano have killed over 975,793 citizens located in a nearby biosphere and 823,549 people are homeless and foodless. The United Earth Government is sending aid to help the victims. Thank you for your patience and my announcement. I present the leader of our world Ken Freeman, President of the United Earth Government, drags his arm to the person sitting in the chair.
Ken smiles then slowly stands still. He slowly pads to the single podium, waving his right hand. he slaps both hands on the podium, nodding and smiling. I would like to express my sad deep condolences to Melinda. I am sorry. I would like to extend my happy salutations to all the other Earth dignities. Thank you for your help and great sacrifice. Your deeds will not go unnoticed or unrewarded. Good luck and Godspeed, folks, waves with his left hand, gotta exercise both the shoulder muscles. Ken ends his short speech then walks off the stage standing next to Peter.  Peter and Ken walk off the stage then pace towards the new faces in the crowd at the auditorium doors.  Each man takes turns shaking hands and bowing at the wrist to the single figurenawthree figures.
The entire party walks back to the stage area. The aliens consist of three individuals. I sigh with surprise.
Gigi leans into Lulus eardrums as my hearing picks up her words. I thought aliens were little green men. This guy is gorgeous, she and the other eyeballs stare at the prince: smiles, waves, tall, handsome, dark skin, black curly hair, brown eyes, sculpted bicep muscles, open white vest, peeks of naked chest under the solid black sash, white trousers, knee black boots,  prince from an alien city in an alien world from an alien galaxy. I sigh with giddiness.
The aliens and Peter sit on the stage when Ken stands at the podium. He smiles and views the prince and the two females. President, vice-president, ladies and gentlemen may I present his Royal Highness Prince Rann who is being accompanied with his twin daughters Princess Jess and Princess Jenn. Please note the aliens dont use last names like us earthling since it is not needed here on our home Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy, nods along with the prince, princesses and the other dignities. The prince and twin princesses stand and wave to the audience. Ken smiles and waves also then slaps his hands on the podium staring at the audience. The prince and princesses sit down. He says. Prince Rann, Princess Jess and Jenn, presidents and delegates watch as we open these festive historical events for our intergalactic first ever friendship meeting with jazzy and cheerful musical performance provided by the United Government of Africa. The government is represented by president Melinda Mombassa, vice president Asante Banti, secretary Tristan Khapoya, General Abebe Togo and aids...
and body guards, Kenya whispers then chuckles with other emissaries and me. I am feeling with my newly discovered Tele-powers that our president does not feel safe with the aliens here to conquest, conquer, and control us earthlings.
Melinda: tall, dark skin, dark hair smiles and says. Prince Rann, may I introduce my African culture to you and yours, claps.
The musicians form two curved line pounding drums, bells, lutes and trumpets with highly complex rhythms. The dancers hip and hop to the music dressed in colorful bright green, orange, red, and blue painted masks, feathered costumes, and body paint. They perform back flips, forward flips, cart wheels, then kick high and low with their semi-naked painted bodies to the music, a beautiful dance scene.
Tex grins and nods in front of me. These alien girls are really cute. I wonder if they are single. 
Lulu leans forwards frowning at Texs neck muscles. Quiet, Im trying to listen.
Saudi whispers. Use your Tele-powers, Lulu, chuckles with the other emissaries and me.
The guy is cute. Gigi smiles and stares at Rann.
Kenya frowns. Are there any more aliens coming to our party and on board that great big space ship?
Saudi smiles, Dont know. Lulu has the power. Lulu, use your Tele-powers. I stated.
Lulu leans forward frowning at Saudi. Quiet, Im trying to listen.
Melinda says. This dance is called the soukous. I hoped you enjoyed the moves and movements, Prince Rann and young princesses, nods then bows.
Rann uses the portal microphone sitting along the wall with his daughters, nodding and smiling. Thank you for your generous hospitality. My daughters and I deeply appreciate your kindness and thoughts.
Tex exhales, frowning with disappointment. The pretty girls would have to be his daughters. Cant touch them without daddys permission I bet?
Ken nods and smiles. Thank you, President Melinda of United Africa Government for the opening entertainment, very enjoyable. Welcome Prince Rann, Princess Jess and Princess Jenn to the great planet of Earth located in the Milky Way Galaxy.
Kenya frowns. He just said that statement while waving and smiling. Someone forget to give him the new note cards that states our great dying planet, snorts with the emissaries and me.
Ken tosses his arm towards the ceiling, nodding and grinning. Our galaxy houses numerous planets but only Earth contains life forms. Our world once housed seven continents before the fall of the stratosphere from the heavens in 2018 which was then named Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe and Australia. The great natural Earth storms caused the continental drift to shift the plate tectonics. Moving, dividing or colliding the land masses together. The large earth land forms become washed upon by the great world oceans, seas and rivers. The coast lines and land boundaries forming the edge of the continents flooded beyond the confines of the dry land. The sea level rose from thawing mountain peaks covering the Greenland ice banks, Antarctica shelf, and Italy and Greece islands. All salt water based islands became part of the ocean including Hawaii, Philippines, Caribbean, Panama, outskirts of coastal lands along the countries of South America, North America, Africa, China, India, Africa and New Zealand. The sun spots and radiation storms roasted the remaining southern tips of the world. Australia becomes a pile of fire and flame within days along with the country of New Zealand. When the solar heat could not reach the soil, bitter frozen ice frost prevailed in the lands of Canada, Greenland, Sweden, Switzerland, North America, Alaska, Russia, Japan and China. The large continent of Europe was bombarded with floods, radiation, disease, poverty, weather. United Europe consists of the Great Britain, France, Spain, and Germany descendants because some areas of the Earths crust are largely covered by the sea and submerged lands. United Asia is Egypt, Saudi Arabia which host not oil but fruit. The dry and great deserts house the multitudes of people from Russia, Sweden, Greenland and Denmark. In summary, the entire land surface of Earth deconstructed and re-constructed into quasi-continents and the people survived in man-made biospheres to this day. Thank you, my fellow Earthlings, nods and waves as the dignities, the delegates and the aids clap, cheer and hoot. The body guards dont not clap, cheer or hoot. The emissaries and me snort. Ken orders silence by shaking his hands. Prince Rann has offered to explain their visit and entertain any questions about themselves. May I present, Prince Rann. Ken announced.
The Alien of the Universe, Kenya chuckles with the emissaries and me.
Gigi smiles. Rann slowly stands then paces to the podium looking calm, royal and handsome, when I frown then lean over, sending my invisible fire balls into her nose profile. Her nose doesnt explode.
Good morning, Earthlings, Rann smiles then pauses as the room is silence.
Ken stands, dashing beside Rann, frowns at his nose profile. Why are you here? I sigh with annoyance.
Rann smiles and stares into Kens face. We have traveled through the wormhole from another galaxy, silence invades the room. I gasp with the reality truthfulness. He really is an alien from an alien world in an alien universe coming through a wormhole in the Milky Way Galaxy. Why didnt we plug that hole centuries ago with a black hole or dark matter or an exploding satellite? He smiles. We have brought you a gift as well, claps. Two large males dressed in crisp white uniforms with red sashes tied around a waist carry a large red box. Rann claps for a second time then the object is lifted out the box, a suit of hard armor. I gasp the aliens use battle armor.
Rann chuckles. An outer space travel suit weights approximately 281 pounds and nine ounces on the dirt ground. Of course, it weighs zero pounds and zero ounces in a space vacuum. You can stay in the pressure suit for a maximum time limit of 5 hours, 21 minutes and 18 seconds. Time is limited by the amount of oxygen, drainage of the solar battery power pack and the cooling water system which has to be replaced.
Ken frowns at the box and the armor. I dont know what to say about an ugly box of hard body armor.
Rann nods and smiles. You are most welcome as they say here and there. These travel suits will come in handy during the space trip. The safety suits are pressure suits designed for no gravity with detectable oxygen filters to block the poisonous gases from the radiated atmosphere on the planet of Earth, in case of an emergency, raises his palm when Ken part his lips to speak. Rann nods and smiles, I am sorry but I do not have any more travel suits but the three since the outer space ship is equipped with proper filters and tanks of oxygen for thousands and thousands of people from Planet Earth, raises his palm when Ken parts his lips to speak. Rann says. Our star ship is off limits for a casual tour until the appointed time comes, soonest. I have traveled to extend an invitation for Earthlings to live with us in our galaxy humbly coming from Rann, the alien of the universe as hot gossip has captured my eardrums, chuckles. He nods. yes, I mean stay, not visit within our planets in another galaxy. I believe Planet Earth is dying. I believe earthlings need a new home. I am prepared to house you on our planets. The significant word is in the plural context. I have nine planets for populating which is quite a lot of fine and prime real estate if I have say that earthling expression with humor and purpose, chuckles with the dignities, the delegates, the aids, the emissaries and me, not Ken or the bodyguards. Rann raises his palm when Ken parts his lips. He nods. I have great big awesome outer space flying ships, Rann waves his fingers when the gigantic communication globe behind Ken and Rann blinks to life being a neat trick. I study the globe screen, hearing the sharp mutterings with my highly sensitive eardrums. The image beams a large black screen with cylinder shapes of smooth lines in the color of silver. Rann chuckles and fingers the screen. These are ships. Our galaxy has been subject to civil war for the past months. Our population once numbered three million citizens, happy and peaceful. The civil war has reduced our people down to a forty thousand aliens, chuckles with the others. I do not have people but planets. You do not have planets but people. It is an equitable tradeoff, winks at Ken. Ken frowns at Rann then the ships then the audience. Rann smile at the audience opening his arms. I would like to exhibit my promise, maybe with a measure of my goodwill as aliens toward Earthlings with any means that you see fit for me. I am the official representative of the aliens, chuckles. I am open to measuring our alien goodwill. But I want to say is that this planet is a time bomb. Earth is going to explode. We are here to rescue you. You are welcome to travel with us back through the wormhole to our galaxy before the planet of Earth is doomed to dead and destruction. Therefore I suggest we all travel through the wormhole using our star ships, nods.
Ken sours. I do not enjoy or appreciate your harsh words about my planet, my people, my place, Prince Rann. We earthlings know of our final fate. We earthlings are planning of our future saving all Earthmen, women, children and animals. We earthlings are preparing to send an outer space travel team to investigate the wormhole using our talent earthlings called Teles with their Tele-talents. Alright, we will accept your measure of goodwill if the measurement is long enough. Therefore we earthlings will determine our fate. But first we earthlings are ready and have a set of tests for you to measure your goodwill in the format of a few tests. We earthlings will begin the tests tomorrow morning after a hardy breakfast inside the lunchroom of this facility, nods to the prince. Rann nods and smiles. Ken says. I will escort you to your chambers this morning for rest and recovery of your far away outer space travels. The evening dinner will served at four in the evening, Planet Earth time, chuckles with the others. Ken tosses his hands when a four-man guard unit marches from the archway to the bottom of the steps. Ken shoves Rann towards the guard unit.
Rann nods then walks to his daughters. He extends both arms when each girl takes a naked arm, giggling. They walk down the steps into the middle of the guard unit. The guards march and exit the auditorium.
I exhale watching the other dignities stand and exit the auditorium too. 
I flash back mentally yesterday when I was tested then passed a silly test of reading someones mind with the T-power of Telepathy.
I flash present mentally I am here to test the alien on his Tele-powers against my Tele-powers.
The United Earth Government has found and captured similar Tele to determine if these aliens are harmful or harmless, logically. I thought I was going to save my farm, my people, and my planet.
Aliens and I exist.
Gigi giggles and stands, slapping her hands on her jumpsuit. The cute alien is coming for breakfast. To think, I dont have a thing to wear, giggles. I sigh with annoyance.
Saudi bad breathes into face, grinning. Are you an alien too? The alien girls are beautiful with white heads of hair, dark skin and silver eyes. Does this pic remind you of someone familiar when someone looks into the mirror, Starra? I frown and swing prancing towards the archway. He chuckles. If I was a betting man I would swear that those princesses are your biological kids from another galaxy in another planet? I would like a sample of your DNA, Starra. I would need a sample of their DNA. Their skin ton, hair color and facial features are exactly identical to you Starra. The girls are very similar to my physical beauty and size. A coincidence? I am a scientists first. Have you not heard the expression that everyone has a twin somewhere in the world, an Earth expression. I do believe the expression should be extended out of the Milky Way Galaxy. The young girls are aliens, not earthlings. You are an earthling, not alien. Rann is their father. You are not their mother. This is all pretty much impossible, nods and smiles.
I swing around then sneers. Bug off. Bite me. Chill out. Go away. Stang me. Those are more Earth expressions, spins towards my private suite, grunting. I T-shove the door with fury stomping inside. Stang, stang, stang, stang, then stop, tilting my freckles. Where did that word come from?

auditorium. green sky. red clouds. orange sun. purple rain. 115F. evening
I bath then change into an elegant ankle-length skin tight silk gown and matching white gloves. I wear my long wavy gray hair down my straight back looking beautiful, pretty. I sigh with sexy.
After cussing Saudi out, my eyeballs found a pretty wrapped box on top of my bed covers decorated with a pink ribbon. I was shocked, intrigued and so excited.
I love getting presents.
I am required to wear the hot wool black jumpsuit issued by the United Earth Government and Peter the toot-toot training meeting tonight during the dinner. I sigh with fun.
I slowly sashay my hay bale into the auditorium strolling in the ankle-length skin-tight gown, smiling and waving at the room. No one is there. The room has been transformed into a banquet hall with food on the left side, musicians on the right side short and tall tables and chairs in the back and a dance floor in front of the stage. I love to wiggly my toes and hips, giggling. I sigh with excitement.
I elegantly as I can saunter to my assigned seat in the auditorium. My dress is designed of white silk with a plunging v-neckline front and back of the dress attached to a sweep train and four inch heeled white sandals with my wiggling lavender painted toe nails and matching finger nails. The entire assemble gives me the illusion of a fashion model. I sigh with loveliness.
All the dignities, the delegates, the aids and the body guards are dressed in elegant ankle-length dresses of sparkling sequins and diamonds or colorful jackets and capes tonight too. This is a historical event, an intergalactic party for earthlings and aliens. I giggle. Im keeping the dress as reminder of the first intergalactic party. 
I arrive at the rear of the wall near my assigned seat at my assigned table. The information was provided by the communication globe in my room.
The drums roll. The trumpets roar. The flutes toot. Ken walks in front of the line of bodyguards carrying pistols. He stomps up the stage then slaps his hands on the podium. He wears a sweater, a turtleneck, trousers, shoes in solid black like the villain of the fairy tale. He smiles and waves. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our first ever intergalactic party, fingers the male standing in front of the closed double doors. Mr. Announcer, please announce the aliens.
The drums rolls. The trumpets roars. The flutes toots. The announcer shouts. Attention, attention! Presenting our visitors from another world and another galaxy I have the honor of introducing King Rex and his sister Queenetta Rosa from the Planet Bonita, two guards open the doors.
The flag enters first person through the doors with a white background with a brown otter sewn on the cloth. Two elderly gray haired tall individuals, Rex and Rosa enter arm and arm, waving and smiling at the earthlings when a storm of colorful balloons fall from the ceiling. Rex and Rosa bump then bounce around the floor. Then bolts of colorful vertical paper streamers fall from the ceiling after the trailing dress train and long robe tail, very beautiful.
The aliens of noble society seem accustomed to the social treatment, flashing media devises with bright lights and the cheering crowd of moving limbs entertain them and me.
Rosa wears in an ankle-length brown silk gown with dress train, elbow length gloves, a great big diamond tiara on graying blonde hair and matching brown gem stones of earrings, necklace, bracelets and a paper brown fan looking like a queen. Rex wears a simple brown tunic, pants and robe with a brown gem stone crown on his bald head looking like a king. Rex and Rosa step onto the stage, shaking Kens hand then Petes then sitting in the far seats of the last row.
The announcer shouts as the dignities, the delegates, the aids, the emissaries clap and cheer for the aliens. Introducing General Ira and his wife Generalette Mar from Militia space station, the flag shows a purple fire breathing dragon on white fabric.
Ira and Mar wear identical jumpsuits of purple cloth with a diagonal sash across the chest filled with colored pins, buttons, medals and ribbons. The balloons and streamers fall over their naked skulls lacking tiaras and jewelry. They sit next to Rex and Rosa on the stage.
Introducing Priest Ito and his wife, Priestess Las from Planet Bio., the flag is a yellow retriever dog. The nobles are wearing yellow clothes and robes too as the balloons and streamers sparkling with their yellow gem stone crowns. The atmosphere feels like a royal parade. I sigh with royalty.
Presenting Viscount Lad and his wife Viscountess Rita from Planet Tech., the flag show a red fox. Rita: tall, sexy, blonde hair, red tiara, gown, robe. Lad: male, short, fat red tunic, trousers, robe, black high boots.
Presenting Marquis Tok and his wife Marquis Ivy of Planet Resort, the flag is an orange monkey. The nobles wear indigo robes and gown.
To save time:
A green horse covers the flag for Baron Bartholomew and his wife Baroness Ann of Planet Agri in green clothes and gem stones.
A hissing golden snake represents Ambassador Ty and his wife Ambassadorette Joy of Planet Sahara. The young couple is decked out in gold garments with every type of gem stone know to earthling and aliens. Wow, I am impressed with the beautiful and gleaming outfits.
The noble symbol of a silver owl is for Governor Jon and his wife Governess Jo of Planet Uni. They wear silver jumpsuits, without tiaras and jewelry.
An ivory bear is represented by Count Dov and his wife Countess Bea of the Planet Ice who wears ivory-tinted clothes, robes and gems.
The last noble flag is a black ferocious leaping panther with blood dropping from its sharp exposed pointy teeth. The announcer says. Prince Rann and his twin daughters princess of Jenn and Jess of the Planet Commerce, he strolls with a daughter on each arm, smiling and nodding to the earthlings behind the little earth children. The children wear clothes.
The princesses wear. I drop my mouth then touch my breasts then my waist then my dress. TheynawI am wearing the same ankle-length, skin-tight white silk gown. The v- necklace is covered in tiny diamonds, a pair of white elbow length gloves, and white sandals. I exhale. Were not exactly alike. Each girl wears a diamond tiara on top of their long wavy grey hair roots and an assortment of jewelry diamonds around their neck, arms, and ears.
I exhale, blowing the paper napkin off the table onto the floor. I view the naked table since the table doesnt have a pretty yellow tablecloth. I am in major trouble, scanning the audience. Someone had delivered the boxed gown to the wrong room, not theirs but mine. Eyeballs do not stare back at me. I sigh with relief.
I slap the naked wood, nodding. I enjoy the first fifteen minutes of cramming food down my hunger throat with a beverage and then gather a doggie bag for a midnight snack then exit the room and retire for the evening. I nod and grunt not feeling like socializing with earthlings or aliens. I scoot the chair from the table readying my exit.
Ken smiles and waves. Thank you, nobles and noblettes for coming to our first ever intergalactic event. So lets party until, the musicians blast the musical notes into the walls, the ceiling, the floor and my tiny ears. I giggle and stand.
Why are you wearing that dress? Gigi sneers behind my right earlobe when her mouth spit hits my neck. I gag then swing to her fugly ugly distorted face. I giggle. Someone has noticed my pretty dress, not the handsome prince as I snarl at her stinky black wool jumpsuit. She snarls without the spitting into my hair roots being taller. You are not supposed to receive any personal packages inside your suite. You are required to dress in the jumpsuit being an emissary. You can crawl your bee-hindie out this room and into your suite for the rest of the evening. You will not be dancing or eating or laughing tonight. And you do not look like either princess on the stage, exhales then back steps. She swings towards the stage hiking the dress to her knees, runs towards Rann. I sigh with amusement.
Saudi sneaks up behind my bee-hindie, chuckling. You look like Princess Starra. You and they are dressed exactly alike. Another coincidence, yes, they look like you. You look like them. I plan to pluck a hair from each princess tonight, including you. My results should be interesting, Princess Starra, chuckles then bows. Enjoy your evening, Starra. Im going to mingle, swings around me.
I swing to the stage. The prince and the princesses are gone. I eye roll then stomp towards the food table to finish my short evening. I pass the first group of dignities, delegates, aids, and body guards surrounding and attacking the food tables of meats, vegetables, fruits and desserts. I sigh with hungry.
I grab a plate and a beverage with lots of napkins acting like a southern lady. I make Grandma Starbuck proud of me tonight. I dont want to get my new beautiful evening gown soiled.
What is this intriguing white mushy but grainy food item called? Baron Bartholomew fingers the dish platter, chewing and nodding.
Grits is the name of the food item. Lulu holds a large platter of piled food items, nodding and smiling.
Bartholomew nods grabbing a new bowl. Grits are delicious tasting. I am impressed with the particular favor singing from my taste buds. I am impressed with his wife, her dress and her accessories. Ann wears green gems hanging from her ears, her neck, her arms and her dress called emeralds.
Planet Earth does not produce any minerals for harvesting as jewelry. All the earth resources are used to fuel the man-made biospheres for heat, air and water for earthlings to survive their radiation contaminated poisoned atmosphere. I sigh with envy.
The dress and emeralds are very pretty on pale glowing skin tone and light brown shoulder length hair. I fill my plate with different types of food without the beverage. I stuff my mouth with food, chewing and scanning the aliens and earthlings.
I mosey to the second group of aliens and earthlings laughing near the wall. Ira and Mar stand side by side when Ira chews then swallows. He says. I hired a personal body guard for the ruler of the universe as she worked as police officer. She exhibited wonderful bravery and courage fighting, beating, and arresting big tall Marquis Tok in a bar scene. This was her fist fight and first night of police duty. Tok was sentenced by the ruler spending the night in jail on Sahara, laughs with the others.
Go on!
Tell more!
A she?
A female?
Remarkable.
Was the ruler pleased with your selection of her as his personal body guard, Ira?
Ira chews then swallows, nodding. She became the official royal body guard living up to her dedicated title. She also defeated a gang of nasty ill-breed pirates who attacked inside the royal castle suite then captured our ruler of the universe as a hostage.
Bravo!
Well done!
You have mighty talented people in your galaxy.
What else did she do?
Ira chews then swallows, nodding. As a body guard, her first royal duty was to protect our ruler who lived within the Royal castle from anything and everything. She conquered some nasty uncouth citizens in both playing card game and an unfriendly game of table billiards. She was chosen as a pretend royal bridal candidate, the ruler was going to select one of the beautiful noblettes as a wife, co-ruler of the universe. She was the royal protector of the young ladies and allowed them to be kidnapped by a group of rebels who escaped in a ram ship to the asteroid of Resort but the body guard found them. Then I fired her, laughs with the others.
Good decision.
you should have fired her.
Why did you fire her?
What did the ruler do for a body guard then?
Ira nods. The ruler of the universe married her instead one of the noblettes.
Wonderful.
Who is this girl?
I chew then swallow, giggling. I nod. One day I would like to meet a strong independent woman too. I leave them laughing then stroll to a new wall of another group of aliens and earthlings.
Lad stands funny beside tall Rite. Overhead on the communications globe is the picture of the landed outer space ship, Lad fingers and says. The ship uses cyclic pitch to increase and decrease the lift thus allowing the craft to move laterally side to side as well as up and down and upside down. But I dont want to be a passenger when that order is given, laughs with the others. The ship is 890 feet long, 256 feet high and 185 wide. The vessel weights 13 tons when empty and carries max poundage of 35 tons. There are 5,783 horses which travel 732 miles per hour if full. Distance is unlimited since we crossed into another galaxy. Three cannons, twenty four bombs and eighty six guns are mounted inside hidden compartments on the hull of the ship, smiles and nods.
Ya planning a war, Viscount?
I do not approve of guns or battle.
Im planning a celebration party. Lad winks then laughs with the others.
I giggle then stroll to a new wall with another group of aliens and earthlings.
Jon smiles, hugging his wife, nods. We are in charge of the school called Uni along with the entire planet. The planet houses all children starting at the tender age of four years old to seventeen years of age to attend classes and prepare them for entrance into the universe.
Children live at the school, not at home with mommy and daddy.
He nods. The kids graduate at seventeen years old start work, start families and built their individual lives.
It sounds barbaric like a prison system rather than a school.
Jon frowns. Our children are very precious and special to us. They are not kids. They possess untapped and uncontrolled one or two power abilities of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance or Telemetabolics, nods. We reference the process as the Sickness. The symptoms began at age four but may not fully develop until adulthood. The parents could not control or instruct them properly. This rule has been in place for centuries in our universe to protect the child, the parents, the nobles and the citizens of the universe.
What is the Sickness?
Jon says. Sickness patients are citizens that fall into a deep sleep living coma when the psychic abilities emerge inside the biological head and connect with the living tissues of the brain causing the patients to morph into Teles.
Interesting?
What uhTele skills are taught at age four to a youngster at Uni?
Jon laughs. The kids lifted tree limbs and branches to their hands and suspend the objects in the air.
Not much of a threat with a tree limb.
Jo smiles, Teenagers can toss spears, arrows, daggers and swords simultaneous in the air at a given target with accuracy of .005 percent, nods.
Impressive.
Target practice.
Why do you train warriors?
An army of warriors have invaded our galaxy to me.
Jon smiles, On the contrary, the emissaries selected by your Earth leaders are true Teles with the same talents of Tele-powers. You can inquire with King Ken. Jon commented.
We call them emissaries.
Governor Jon is correct. These people passed some type of Tele-tests and graded at the exceptional level of Tele-abilities for the meeting with the aliens.
Excellent, we won the battle.
I giggle, chewing. I worry that someone might recognize me as an emissary. Then I must access then utilize my Tele-power of something to twist her or him into a plantation frog. I giggle and scoot to another group of aliens and earthlings.
Tok and Ivy laugh.
An earthling asks a question. What is your passion on your home world, Marquis Tok?
Tok hugs Ivy, nodding. My passion is the Game.
The Game?
Tok says. A professional sporting event using an oblong ball pitched back and forth with two opposing teams while trying to add points between two metal goal posts.
Earthlings call both your game and our game football.
Tok nods and smiles. I once witnessed a female win the Game with one kick.
You dont say.
Tell us the story.
Tok nods. The Bonita Loyalists, the game team won the toss and elected to take the ball and score, if possible against my home team, the Resort Bandits. The game time limit is one hour. After 56 minutes, the game was tied with the score of 20 to 20. If the game ends in a tie, neither team can advance to the championship game.
Some tough rules.
Tok says. There were 50-seconds before the end the game. The center hiked the ball. Suddenly, the quarterback was slapped to the ground, but lucky protecting the ball under his arms and with his hands and saving our possession. Third down, Bonita has the ball fifty-four yards from the end zone. The ruler instructed the kicker to jog onto the field. The ball is hiked. Pow, the kicker is hit by the defensive lineman. She also gets a bloody nose and lip. Then she stood and stayed.  She kicked and sailed the ball between the field goals with ease for the two points to win the game, laughs with the others.
Impossible.
Amazing.
Im impressed.
The best game Ive ever seen in my life. Tok smiles.
I walk from the laughing group toward the new wall. The girl has got spirit and spunk. I hope to meet her one day.
An earthling asks the question. What are your medical facilities, staff and treatments like?
We can save any one. Ito nods and smiles. We can successfully grow and transplanted a heart in a citizen.
Transplants can be categorized as autograft, allograft, isograft, xenograft, split or domino.
You are correct. Ito nods We used the autograft technique for vein extraction and storing blood to the new heart. I need the donor alive for this surgical procedure. The consensus of the medical bots agrees with the overall plan to use a living subject with renewable tissue and fluids from a live body that can provide blood transfusion to the patient cells for the rejuvenation organ process.
Cells for rejuvenation?
Ito says. Stem cell rejuvenation is highly successful and permanent for a patient with extensive biological damage to vital organs. Stems are primal cells found in all multi-cellular organisms that retain the ability to renew themselves through cell division, growth and transformation into specialized cells with characteristics consistent of various tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture rather than the traditional harvesting medical procedure.
 You grow a living organ then transplant a new heart in a person.
Is that ever possible?
We have the technology to repair a citizen better than before. Ito smiles.
Why did the citizen need a heart?
His heart died when the weapon discharge exploded the valves and arties. The organ storage on this facility does not include extra human hearts with an exact paired-exchange match to the patient with the donor organic tissues of the recipients biological criteria. The donor had to hold the correct proportion of proteins, enzymes and agents in her blood system to make this process possible for cellular structure to re-generate the heart, veins and muscles needed for a fully functioning organ to survive in his body. Ito says.
I understand. You are going to cut out the victims heart to place in the noble.
We were going to splice a piece of another artery valve from a second citizens healthy heart, then grow, feed and shape the sliver into a heart and implant the new functioning organ in the citizen. Ito says.
Youre joking.
Gentlemen and ladies, allow me to ensure you there is less risk for the patient and better recovery time with our newly improvised surgical procedures. The post-operative survival rate is hundred percent. The procedure will enhance his life without the standard rejection of the heart muscle and traditional side effects from the numerous pharmacy drugs and no infection in the liver, kidneys, spleen and intestines or stomach and no tainted blood in his entire biological system. Ito nods and smiles.
Can we do that as well?
No.
The new grown organ will be extracted from a donor using a small tissue of an existing healthy heart. The tissue will re-generate in this device within five minutes to become a fully functional working organ. Ito says.
Five minutes.
Can we do that?
No!
Bbot, the biological robot cut the incision into the muscle tissue covering the heart and finally into the organ itself. Bbot2 placed my heart sample in the middle of a round glass dish on the high cart beside the coffin. The sliver looked like a plantation earth worm. The undifferentiated cell found and extracted from her body will divide, multiply and replenish specialized cells into a working muscle Bbot flashed bright yellow and blue lights on the earth worm, I mean specimen. The asymmetric division is beginning from the one single cell, the progenitor cell will self-renew by creating rounds of millions of cells before forming a mature muscle. It jumped and danced many times in the clear dish to form a complete human organ, the heart. Ito says.
Excellent!
The specimen has formed into a heart with veins, valves, arties and muscles. Machine detached. Organ implanted. Heart attached. Blood flow started. Veins established. No rejection. Ito nods.
None.
None.
How do you know the patient lived?
Prince Rann is alive and breathing and standing right over there. Ito fingers the prince, grinning. I toss my free hand with happiness along with the aliens and other earthlings.
I lay my empty plate on top of an empty table wiping my hands over the napkins, chewing the last food item. I wander to the new wall of a new group of aliens and earthlings.
Rex nods his bald head beside Rosa, saying. I announced my retirement from the throne and before I could select my replacement. I was challenged.
What happened next?
I consulted the book for advice. I could be challenged by any male or female noble during his Royal sovereignty. Rex explained.
Do tell?
Rex started. When challenged I must accept. The challenge consists of five games from the list below which I Rex will chose as ruler of the universe. The first male or female participant to collect five hundred points will conclude the challenge. The winner will be crowned the next ruler of the universe. The loser will hang in the gallows until dead for defaming the Royal kingdom and citizens of the universe. There were three participants accepting the challenge.
Three!? Of all the youthful bucks in the kingdom, only three men.
Allow me to explain the challengers and see if you wouldve have accepted. Rex smiles. A king has to be wise. The first challenge was to answer to a riddle.
What was the riddle?
The one who makes it does not use it. The one who uses it does not see it. The one who sees it does not desire it no matter how pretty it may be.
Did any participate correctly answer?
One. Rex nods and smiles. A king has to be strong. This is a horse race consisting of the steeple, the river, the barrel, the tree and bushes with the flowers and finally the rescue of a lady. This event is set with a three minute time limit. If you exceed the time limit you receive zero points. If you miss an obstacle, hit an obstacle or destroy an obstacle you receive no points. If you trample the flowers, you receive zero points. Finally if you fail to retrieve your lady, you zero points awarded.
These rules are tough.
Did any participate fall?
No, but two received the necessary points for the challenge. Rex smiles. A king has to be graceful. This is a dance competition with partner. You will perform the same style of dance with the same music and same three requirements, a twirl, a dip and a toss with a partner of your choice. Each noble will receive a personal dance trainer with instructions on foot steps and body moves. If you miss any three requirements you receive zero points. If you and your partner falls, stumbles, or trips onto the floor you receive zero points.
Did any participate fall?
All the participants received the 100 points. Rex nods. A king has to be creative. This is a puzzle. You will construct an object with the tools and wood parts numbered from one to thirteen. The numbers do not signify an order. It is to count all parts of the wood were used in the construction of solving the puzzle. The goal is to complete the puzzle with all pieces. If one piece is missing you receive no points, nods. The wood pieces are separated by a pole which is placed in equal rows and lines on the table. The largest piece is the pole attached to a flat piece of eight inch wood which looked like a stand. Presented are a three five inch squared pieces, four triangles, five inch square with hole cut into one of the edges, a stick with a flag and a U shaped stick.
What is that thing?
Rex nods. Bird house!
So simply of a construction item.
One noble finished the puzzle and collect 50 points. Rex nods. These games you selected are to determine the new king of the universe as instructed in the book. However they also determined the new kings strengths and weaknesses. The riddle demonstrated book smarts, intelligent and over all experiences of a nobles life. Dancing is a natural gift for a person. You either got rhythm or you dont. The dance tested a nobles determination, dedicated and commitment from beginning to end of a plan. The horse race showed coordination, courage, flair, style, team work, sportsmanship and friendship with the animal and companionship with the lady. The puzzle tests math and geometrical skills along with common knowledge reflecting the planets and citizens of your universe.
What is the last test?
Rex smiles. A king has to be daring. This is a rescue. Your loved one or partner will be stationed at the top of a cliff on the planet of resort. The distance is 212 feet above the level ground. You will climb to the top of the cliff using natural tools such as ropes, leverages, poles, harasses, picks but not any bots. Your lady will be perched on the ledge safely waiting for you. Once you reach the top of the cliff, there is a pulley to lower you and your lady onto the rim to the ground.
Did any participates fall?
Is that the only question you can ask, James?
Yes, that is the only question I can ask, Jones.
Rex grins. All the participants received the 100 points. At the end of the challenge one participate received and reached the five hundred points.
Who won the challenge?
Rex smiles and fingers the prince. Prince Rann became the new ruler of the universe.
I drop my mouth following his finger. The alien of the universe is laughing with other earthlings. I cant get that rude commentnawcute prince out of my mind. Hes a charmer. I note his daughters have their own escorts dressed in blue uniforms with gold sashes. They are in the corner with a pack of younger aids, talking and laughing. Im too old for them. I push and elbow my way towards the front of the line.
I zigzag between some shoulders and fur capes of earthlings and aliens behind Ken, listening. I was too short to see every face but Rann but I have excellent hearing.
Are you the leader or the King? Rann nods to Ken.
Ken smiles and nods. I am both. I giggle when the woman turns to stare at me. He says. Our United Earth constitution in the original democratic tradition forbids bestowing titles of nobility upon government officials. Therefore I am the leader of the planet of Earth but you can call me King Ken, chuckles with the others. How will our free and brave people fit into a society ruled by a set of well-dressed and bejeweled nobles, Prince Rann? The word noble sounds like an elite club centered surrounded around a lavish lifestyle and a constant pursuit of perfection and psychological mind games. You also seem to be an accomplished diplomat of a sovereignty state, grins.
Rann nods and smiles, holding the half-empty beverage. Our society has been reduced down from three million to two hundred and sixty-four citizens. It is truly a democratic culture for earthlings. I can assure you we are civilized but our society emphasizes fun and games along with work and productivity. We live on four planets. We work on four planets. We travel on four planets. There has to be leadership. The leaders just happen to be royalty. I, on occasion, have utilized my skills for emissary duties time to time, swings and smiles at me then frowns at Ken. We are more than the numerous states like your former country of the United States of America. We are a ruling dynasty of nobles. We employ numerous nobles to rule over various planets of the universe such as the farm planet, technology planet, academic planet, biomedical planet, prison planet and royal planet. I nod liking the description of his universe maybe I can visit one day.
Ken frowns. Titles and regents once existed on Planet Earth a very long time ago then we grew out of our baby steps into big men boots. We called them such names as tsar, sultan, duke, empress, emperor, viceroy, prince, baron, count, king, marquis, earl, etc, etc, etc, etc, nods. However I was elected as the president and the king of the universe too. I do not want you to bow to me. Thats not our earthling style. Shall I bow or something? he grins and chuckles. No, not necessary, I am the royal official who governs the planets in the name of and as representative of the citizens in the universe. Rann chuckles. I might it has numerous duties including a regal position with administrative rank and royal privileges, winks at me then views Ken. My potential heirs, my daughters hold rank and title but will not necessary rule the universe. I was selected using my wits and manners, sometimes humor when I won the challenge for the Crown. Or as earthling said, I won the title of king of the universe. As aliens said, we call the title emperor of the universe for life. He is the emperor of the universe, not inherited, a charmer of his universe and ours. I sigh with intrigue.
I exhale then scan the room. Gigi looks in my directionnawhis direction. She looks at Rann, through Rann, inside Rann with her eyeballs, not mind. I sigh with envy.
I frown then exhale, scanning the rest of the room. Dov and Bea dance to a sassy spicy tango dance number. I love to dance with someone capability. I sigh with dance.
Ty and Joy dance cheek to cheek ignoring the jazzy tune like newlyweds as the shimmering gold matching outfits twinkle under the bright overhead lamps from the colored gem stones. I sigh with jealous.
Do you tango, Lady Starra? The sexy baritone voice sweet breathes on my right cheekbone when I giggle, back stepping.
He is talking to me, standing in front of me and here with me. He asked me a question. I giggle again then part my lips. I sign with nervousness
Do you dance, Lady Starra? Rann smiles with twinkling eyes extending his arm towards the dance floor. I sigh with excitement.
I finally find some wet sticky salvia on my tongue to answer then smile and nods. I love to dance.
I danced as a young child on Starbuck Plantation being taught by Grandma Starbuck and then swung side to side by Ming and some of his children. I can fling side to side the tango, rumba, polka, samba, folk, tap, ballet, jazz and the waltz.
Rann smiles then bows, Very good, Lady Starra, leans into my face. I am so glad that you accepted my invitation, chuckles then grabs my hand. He pulls me close into his sash under his naked chest. I feel his warmth. He wraps biceps around me. I feel his heat. He embraces me. I feel his hotness. He pulls back then swings towards the dance, cuddling me into his chest.
He stops in the middle of the floor facing each other. I lift my right petite hand in the air for dancing, not flirting. But flirting is not a bad idea. The tango dance steps require very close body contact. A couple dances in unison with their feet while forcing body motions of twirls, leaps, posing, and finally the dip. Maestro, please play. Rann nods to the live musician.
The orchestra plays a fanfare sequence for us to ready for the first step then repeats it. 
Rann gracefully and elegantly swing me around and around in the open room in the characteristic long strides matching our foot rhythm perfectly covering half of the dance floor, alone.
The other aliens and earthlings couple shuffle to the side of the floor.
Rann stops then we pose. You dance like an angel, Lady Starra, leans into my right ear.
Ditto! I whisper into his left ear.
 He chuckles then lifts me into the air on his left side into a forward then a backward twirl.
I stop then we pose. He whispers. You look stunning, Lady Starra.
Ditto! I whisper when he chuckles.
Rann lifts me to his right side leading into a series of whirling, turning circles and finally the finale of the tango. He dips me when I tilt my face and shoulders backwards into a graceful arch. We pose, foreverly.
The music ends when the aliens and earthling clap. I can dance and so can Rann. I sigh with delight.
I return into an upright dance position pulling awaynawstaying put. Rann holds my hands pulling me towards him. He smiles. I exhale then whisper. The music stopped.
Starra, he whispers and holds me tighter against his naked chest. I feel his heat. I sigh with hotness.
You can let go. I giggle.
Starra, whispers Rann holding my arms.
Rann, Ken shouts from across the room waving his arms.
Rann breaks his hold and concentration, dropping his arms. He bows his chin. Thank you for the most enjoyable moment of the party, Lady Starra, back steps then twists to Ken. Ken runs into my dress then back steps and spills his beverage on the floor as I slide sideways. Rann stares at Ken. King Ken, I would very much like to have an escort to tour the biosphere for the reminder of my stay tomorrow and the next four days until the end of my travels.
Ken smiles and nods. I would be
Rann views me, smiling and nodding. Thank you for your cooperation and assistance. I have chosen Lady Starra to represent the race of earthlings. She is most qualified being a selected and tests emissary, winks at me when I gasp.
Ken frowns at me then Rann. I guess she can be your tour guide of your second day hours of your visit. Then
Rann winks at me. Excellent, Lady Starra I will meet you after my task of goodwill is completed tomorrow afternoon for King Ken and the other earthling dignities, nods then exits the room with Ken running behind the guard unit.
The aliens see Rann then bow and exit also. I sigh with shock.

Alien day two. Starras suite. 98F. morning. red rain. orange sun. black sky.
I stand in front of the full length mirror, staring.
Last night upon retiring for bed time, I found another new box wrapped in pink paper with many satin bows. I ripped the paper from the box.
The high and bright artificial overhead lamps in my suite glitter the gems like tiny sun flares. I sigh with excitement.
I close my eyelashes.
Hes married, shakes my long wavy hair. King Ken sent the box of new cute clothes instead of presenting as the dumpy emissary of funeral black. I nod, smiling. Im the new personally hand pick emissary to Prince Rann, the alien of the Universe. So I am the new alien emissary. I nod, giggling. I sigh with delight.
The little outfit has two separate pieces of silver fabric matching my hair and eyes. The top is a turtleneck, without arm sleeves but embedded with tiny diamonds. The skirt is circular and tied with a leather soft belt outlined in tiny diamonds too. My new shoes are not shoes at all. I dance side to side in a pair of smooth thigh gray soft leather boots. I sigh with sparkle.
I remembered the nasty Cervantes rude comment, not elegant and sophisticated.
I am elegant, sophisticated and half-way alien, giggling. I twist towards the doorway for my new duty as Ranns girl, laughing.

Tele Training building. 3:01 pm. afternoon.
The delegates, dignities, aids, body guards, the emissaries, Ken, Peter, Rann and me transport by a solar train to Tele Training Building five. The white seven story structure on the outside is white inside the interior and sterile clean of germ and dirt. It is the size of three athletic football fields with separated eight cells accessed by a corridor. Three of the walls of the internal cell is white and bare measuring 82-feet and 7-inches from floor to ceiling, a width of 38-feet and 4-inches.
The white ceiling is covered in skylights allowing natural yellow sunlight to filter into the enclosed dark room. The only objects inside the room are antique cherry wood grandfather clocks, working. It accurately displays the current time, one in the afternoon.
I sit in bleacher biting on my lavender manicured fingernails, all ten of them. They hand inside my lips with worry for Rann and his Tele-test from vicious Peter and annoying ken. My eyeballs are glued looking down into the cell floor with the other aliens and earthlings. Rann stands alone inside the room. Kenya sits sliding his tall body side to side getting a better view of Rann and the objects, chuckling, says for all eyes and ears. The alien has been given one hundred sixty four grandfather clocks for the first Tele-test by Peter and approved by King Ken.
King Ken stands in front of the wide window overlooking the cell pit holding Rann. He speaks into the hidden microphone nodding and smiling. He wears a wool black jumpsuit too. Good afternoon, Prince Rann, Ken smiles and chuckles. The primary reason for conducting Tele test sessions is for Prince Rann to show off his Tele talents and promote goodwill toward us earthling before eating supper at six oclock this evening, if he can, chuckles. Your first of many tasks is to suspend the moving pendulum inside one of the grandfather clocks as long as possible. Peter, the head emissary is going to measure and evaluate your performance of time and endurance. This is a basis skill of the Tele-power of Telekinesis. Are there any questions? Good. You can start
I bounce my boot toes biting my nails staring at one of the grandfather clock, watching the gold plated pendulum swing side to side, counting the seconds of silence. Nothing happens. The gold pendulum does not stop swinging its merry dance. I sigh with worry.
Kenya laughs. The alien cannot do it. The test is too difficult for an alien. The pendulum stops moving in the first clock then the second clock then third clock then around the room. All one hundred sixty four clock hands still when the room goes quiet. Rann raises his arms when all the clocks lift from the tile floating towards the ceiling. Kenya drops his mouth. I cant believe my eyes. That is impossible. He will tire dropping the clocks back down to the floor then fail the first Tele-test by earthlings, gasps. A fantastic accomplishment, all clocks tap the glass of the skylights. The alien got lucky has passed the first Tele-test. I sigh with pride.
King Ken frowns. The second Tele-test is tomorrow morning. Everyone advance towards the solar train for supper. Thank you, swings towards the doorway.

8:05 pm. auditorium. evening.
I smile escorting Rannnaw.escorting me. Rann stood in front of my door for ten solid minutes waiting for me to finish dressing. He was early. I was late. Anyways, Im the official alien emissary. I giggle sitting next to Rann at the table.
The room is overcrowded with hungry stomachs and chewing mouths. Rann sits at Kens table with Peter, presidents and bodyguards. O my goodness, that sentence does not rhyme.
I eat and listen. Rann eats and listens too. Ken eats and talks, a very remarkable talent without spitting food particles on me. I sigh with annoyance.
Rann wipes his mouth, leans into my space, sweet breathing on my cheekbone. Thank you for your attention and companionship this evening to me and my daughters. They are having fun being entertained by some of the younger male earthlings tonight. I sigh with trouble.
I chew, swallow then hold the napkin in front of my food stained lips of red cherry pie dessert. Your twins are creating quite a stir among the young males in the biosphere, giggles.
He smiles. Their mother causes the same sensation when she enters a room.
I drop the napkin after cleaning my lips and teeth of food particles. When do I meet her? I asked. I sigh with intrigue.
Soonest, he chuckles.
Soonest, I frown.
He frowns. Lady Starra, do you believe me?
I nod and giggle. I believe you when you say I will meet your wife.
He sours. You believe me when I state the planet your planet is dying, Lady Starra. 
I exhale and nods then sour. Yes, I truly do believe you with my heart and soul. Before I was selected as a representative I recorded empirical evidence of growing poisonous weeds invading my ecosphere that is what my farm is called in Earth terms.
Im sorry to hear that terrible news, Lady Starra. You do want to come with mewith us to a new galaxy, a new planet, a new adventure, Rann nods.
I view my plate holding back the tears of sorrow, whispers. Unlike you Your Highness, I have lived one place, one planet, one state, one city, one home all my life. I dont want to leave but I dont want to die, cover my mouth with the napkin.
I do understand, Lady Starra, he pats my arm like a gentlemanly king.
King Ken stands waving his arms. Thank you for coming, tonight! We earthlings have accomplished a lot this day. Tomorrow is another try for prince Rann showing more of his good will. I compliment the chef and cooking staff and waiters for our excellent meal. I will retire until we all meet in the same place and time again. Good night!
I place the napkin on the table viewing my platters. The food is all gone when I feel my chair shift backwards. I stand as Rann moves the chair to the side.
He tenderly grabs my arm pulling me into his chest as his escort. He guides us out the door since the aliens and earthling respect authority. Ken leaves first then Rann second. I exhale viewing the clean tile floor, saying. I dont want any of my people, my friends, and my family to die, either. I want to live. I want to see another sunrise even if it is on a new world, nod and slightly smile at him.
He nods and smiles squeezing my arm. Ah, the sunrises are spectacular on Commerce, my alien home. You will not be disappointed, Lady Starra. I am very pleased to hear you express these feelings with me.
Would you not take me, if I disagreed with your opposite feelings and not take all the earthlings?
Lady Starra, I am getting the impression some of your people earthlings dont want to believe the truths that I have revealed.
I exhale and nod. You got that right, pal!
He smiles. An popular earth expression, I believe.
I giggle. Yeah, it is. Howda ya hear it?
He smiles. We have radio with microwave carrier waves, chuckles. Actually all aliens do when we receive wave echoes from Planet Earth, bumps my shoulder.
I giggle and nod. Yeah, earthlings like to broadcast their girly undergarments
He nods. I expected reactions of suspicion. Theyyou earthlings are suspicious of us aliens. After all, we are the aliens from another galaxy with space travel, big space ships and are an advance race of humannoyants. Rann laughs.
I stop and giggle. Humannoyants, laughs and nods. Thats clever, alien.
He winks, leading us towards my suite. Thank you, Lady Starra! I enjoy bantering human humor. However I do sense the same thingfeelings from you Earthlings.
I nod. I sense the same thingfeeling from my people. I sorry. I didnt expect the tests of goodwill either requiring your participation.
He chuckles and nods I missed that one, totally. Are they tests of goodwill or competence?
I cannot answer that question. I could inquire with Peter he created them, frowning with disappointment. I think I do not like the games our government is playing with the aliens. I wish I could stop them but I cant.
He squeezes my arm. I cant stop them either, Lady Starra but I can assure you that I will pass.
I exhale, nodding, stares at the floor. I was drafted to be here if that is any comfort.
He stops then stares at me then views the floor. He frowns at me. Drafted, you did not volunteer to be here during the Tele-trials and tests. I do not understand, Lady Starra.
I giggle flipping my hand. I was tested like you on a much more tiny scale of Tele. I later learned that I possessed the Tele-power of Telepathy, the freaking ability to read minds. I do believe that is one out of the four Tele-powers. So Im one-fourth of a Tele-thingie in the toot-toot training thingie, giggles. Can you read my mind? I sigh with friendship.
He frowns with puzzlement at me. Do you possess any other Tele-abilities?
Naw.
He nods. Yes, I do.
Naw, I dont.
He exhales. Yes, Lady Starra you possess other Tele-abilities.
Naw, I dont, prince Rann. I was tested and passed on T-power of Telepathy. Thats all and it and done.
He smiles and nods. I personally possess the four abilities of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Teleclairvoyance and Telemetabolics.
I drop my mouth, Wow, you do. Can you really see future event of Planet Earth like tomorrow or the next day or the day after that? What does it feel like to see the future?
He smiles. Yes, I can. Beautiful, I see a blue sky, a bright yellow sunshine on a green-blue planet filled with kind, compassion citizens, nods.
I frown then run to the window, scanning the nighttime. I see a funky purplish-red sky, dark green clouds, and pink rain drops from the radiated poisons in the atmosphere.  I shake my curls. that is an impossible future viewing of Planet Earth, exhaling.
He stands next to me scooting close to me. He sweet breathes over my hair roots looking at me, not the window. It is a possible future viewing on my alien world, I view him, frowning. He nods and smiles. I see you there in the blue sky, yellow sunlight enjoying life. Laughing, playing, singing, dancing, reading teaching and flying, chuckles.
I giggle with his teasing. Yes, I enjoy my life and the above mentioned activities.
Lying by the pool, he winks.
I giggle. I love the sun. Do I live on the farm planet?
No, the farm is run by bots or farm robots. You live in a grand castle with robot servants taking care of all your needs and desires
I giggle spinning towards my room, skipping away from him. I do that sounds awesome, Rann. I hope you can and visit me, some days. Your Tele-powers are very good. This private conversation is getting too personal and hot. Im drawn to this man. I have never experienced love.  But Im feeling it. It feels great. I sigh with confusion.
He dashes to my side grabbing my arm, folding it into his hands. Do you believe me, Lady Starra?
I nod. Yes, I truly believe you, Prince Rann, smiling for fun with his cute Lady Starra response.
Back to my general earthling question of the century, are you coming with me when I leave your galaxy?
I nod and giggle dashing on aching sandals to my suite. Yes, please save me a seat up front I get flight sickness, spins to him, smiling. We have arrived at my place, nods, have a nice evening, Rann!
He smiles and nods. Very good, I will save you the first seat next to the hatchway no motion. Sleep peacefully, Lady Starra, lifts and kisses my hand for 1 second2 seconds3 seconds...then releases my hand. I feel the warmth leave when the coldness of the re-circulated air hits my hand then my face. He smiles then bows at his waist. I giggle. He keeps calling me that cute name, a wonderful name with the joy of hearing the words from his soft pink lips. I sigh with infatuation.
He back steps away from me until the wall corner then swings and shows his nose profile. He swings his face to me, winking. Then he disappears around the corner.
I giggle then spin into the door. Stang! I hit the door with my pointy nose then back step, giggling. I open the door walking inside wearing a silly teen daze. I stop then frown. I am not a teenager, anymore. I exhale, shaking my curls holding my tears of depression. I am 36 years old, Earth years. I am an adult, alone and single. I sigh with adultness.

Alien day number three. Tele Training gym. 2:11 pm.
The self defense class is hold inside the Tele Training building ten, a large gymnasium containing a thick padded white mat covering half of the wood floor. Dan: average height, average weight, brown hair, pale skin, instructor.
The aliens and earthlings sit on the bleachers. I am next to Kenya being a good narrator of the Tele-events. He says. The self defense instructor is a talent man named Dan, the sword man. He got that name in a very special way with his swords, just watch and see the blood fly high into the sky, I gasp then frown at his nose profile. He nods and smiles. The alien goes down today.
Rann glances behind his collar bone meeting my gray eyes then winks. Kenya laughs. The alien wants to impress us with his charm and good looks, chuckles with the others. I giggle and blush knowing the truth in my heart.
Ken stands on the floor with the microphone. The real test is how good Rann is at hand to hand combat with Dan, the sword man, chuckles with the others, not me.
Dan advances to his opponent without speaking a threat. Rann, the alien of the universe shows no fear moving towards male. The instructor fingers the long and sharp sword on the floor in front of Rann.
Rann smirks then wiggles his finger. The heavy weapon swiftly flies from the fall into both his hands as the audience gasps. I see with my excellent eyesight the hilt is ingrained with jewels of sapphires and rubies, an instrument of beauty and danger. The long pointed blade is silver and the tip touches with gold. I sigh with prettiness.
En guard, Dan frowns and flecks the sword in front of his muscular chest. I sigh with trepidation.
Dan step one foot forward towards Rann holding his sword. Rann wears his open vest exposing his naked chest as his sword dancing side to side in a two-fisted gripe. Dan lungs, slicing the sword sideways at Ranns belly. Rann holds the sword vertically absorbing the energy with a loud ting of musical tones. The pretty weapons are sharp, pointy and thick bladed for harm, harm to Rann. I sigh with concern.
You must parry my attack with a counterattack or you will not live to see the next rebuff, Dan frowns and flecks the sword side to side as the gem stones twinkle under the artificial overhead lamps.
Rann smiles. Dan performs a flawless jab to the right shoulder. Rann counters the maneuver, blocking the opponent shot. Dan twists his arms, pivots then stabs at Ranns left shoulder, a beautiful execution but a little short of distance. Rann intercepts the thrust, stopping the motion, smirk then bows his chin.
I win.
I hear the two arrogant words when I frown at Kenyas nose profile then punch is bicep. He frown and rubs his bicep, chuckling.
I win.
I hear the word again. I understand. The words are inside my mind, not my ears being a Tele-power of Telepathy. Someone had used their T-power of Telepathy. I sigh with confusion.
I scan the room seeing Peter. He has Telepathy bragging on my first day of toot-toot training orientation. See I listen.
I win.
I frown and study Peter. He frowns at the sword duel. I view Rann. Rann smirks participating in the sword duel. I drop my mouth. Rann has Telepathy too.
Dan, the sword man sneers then snarls, snapping into a formal stance. He poses his saber in an offensive manner. Rann holds his sword upright to protect his naked chest.
Kenya says and nods.  Here we go again. Dan will elegantly cascade his advance with a thrust, a punch and then a stab right into the aliens naked heart using my T-power of Teleclairvoyance. This game is getting dangerously good now, laughs with the others but me. He says. The alien has demonstrated the T-powers of Telepathy and Telekinesis. I am not impressed with those minor talents. Lets see if he has the ability to create and defend his naked chest with a Tele-shield, Tele-bubble, or Tele-field around his physical body from Dan, the sword man. When you get thrust into an emergency, hurt or incapacitated you die or create protection, nods and chuckles with the others but me. I sigh with fear.
Dan attacks in a bold and quick frontal assault, yelling and waving the saber high in the air. Rann moves backwards from the commotion then trip. He stumbles then falls backwards on his back upon the floor. I hear the swish of Dans blade.
Kenya stands, shouting. Yay, finish the alien. The alien is defeated.
The sword of Rann dances in mid-air above his body without physical hands around Dan. Rann use his Telekinesis swing the blade against my assailant. Dan stumbles backwards in surprise from the swaying deadly sharp weapon. He frown then snorts attacking it.
Each heavy sword clash ripples as high tones from a musical instrument. Ranns sub-conscious mind is controlling every poke and prod of his saber. Dan grows tired sweat flowing from his face and arms. His thrusts are softer. His reaction times are slower too.
Ken tosses his hands, shouting. Checkmate, thank you gentlemen. Rann drops his sword on the floor with loud clang passing the second Tele-test. Thank you Dan for a thrilling show. The next Tele-test is scheduled tomorrow afternoon. Enjoy your day! I sigh with relief.
Rann stands still, smiling. Dan stands panting and breathing heavy from the Tele-test. His face is red and angry feeling the tension within his bones shaking the sword in his fighting hand.
Peter taps Rann on the shoulder when Rann turns and smiles. They shake hands then part, nodding and smiling. Peter swings towards the archway walking behind the other aliens and earthlings.
I sit in the bleacher not biting my hands. I smile and wave my hands. Rann swings to me smiling and waving. He slowly strolls towards my direction. I giggle playing peek-a-boo with Rann for silly fun. Rann chuckles, walking towards the bleachers, stares at me.
Dan arches the sword over his head then slices into Ranns arm.
I scream clearing the lower three rows of wood then land on my boot heels. I dash to Ranns side as he lands on the floor. Red blood gushes from an open three inch wound onto the clean tile. My hands shake not touching his serious wound. Heal yourself, please heal yourself with your Tele-powers, when Rann coughs then closes his eyelids from the wound. I scan the room. Empty. I stand then swing to the archway. I stop. No time. I swing to Rann, exhaling. He coughs and open his eyelids. I squat leaning over his body. He coughs from the lack of blood flow. I hover my hands over his chest. He feels cold, dying. I place both hands over the blooding wound.
I closed my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
I open my eyes then remove my hands. I study the wound, exhaling.
The cut was gone. The skin neatly folds over the wound looking pink and healing. I sigh with healthy.
He blinks his eyelids slapping his hand over the naked pink spot. He sits upright bending at his waist, smiles at me. You did it. You performed the Tele-power of Telemetabolics. I nod and smile then nod again. Im so relieved and happy that Rann is alive and fine. He struggles then falls onto the flooring. He coughs. Im a little weak from the blood loss.
I fling my arm towards the food table when a tray of cookie flies across the air then hits my back, giggling at my lousy aim. Some cookies stray and some stay inside the tray. I grab two cookies, handing to Rann. He eats and chews the sugary food item to replenish the loss blodd quickly into his veins, chewing and grinning without teeth or food particles at me. He nods. I grab his arm assisting him to stand. I cuddle him into my breasts slowly walking towards the archway of the gym building. I fling my hand flying a cookie into my fingers. I chew and giggle with two sweet things walking towards the solar train. Rann swallows then smiles. Youre very talented Tele, Lady Starra, eats the cookie.
I giggle and chew.

auditorium. dinner. 8:09 pm yellow sky. Pink clouds. blue moon.
I narrow my eyelashes staring out the window inside the dining room then giggle. I lean into his nose profile. I see your girls. Theyre outside playing with the space shuttle inside the launch pad under the red trap. Rann narrows his eyelids viewing the window too. I nod and smile. Im very impressed. Theyre lifting and loading the heavy equipment into the cargo bay for the earthling trip to survey the wormhole. Theyre helping the emissaries with our new Tele-task of lifting each piece of bag, crate, tub, box, carton, container and jar of equipment into the space shuttles cargo bay in which the emissaries are supposed to be practicing our Tele-abilities. By the way emissary Tex informed that there are 5,874 pieces to load before our launch date of sometime. I sigh with drudgery.
Rann smiles and views me. Im not impressed with my girls but with you, Lady Starra. You can see a great distance the girls, the equipment and the cargo bay doors with your beautiful gray eyes which shine like diamonds on a dark night. You are using your Tele sight, another Tele power to see objects or people very, very far away. You areare a very special Tele, Lady Starra. I sigh with blush.
He flirts with his nice and polite and handsome and royal way. I like Rann, too bad hes married to an absent wife during the first intergalactic dinner.
Thank you. I view and pick at my dessert.
He leans into my nose profile. I feel his heat. Tell me more about yourself, Lady Starra. I sigh with embarrassment.
I clear my dry throat even after drinking the milk then wipe my face. I view and smile at him. Alright, okay, Im a simple farmer in Earth terms, but in the United America Government Im a certified ecosphere administrator. Im required to pass a comprehensive exam which includes but is not limited to mathematics, science, language, first aid, Earth history, and computer programming. I always score in the 90 percent range. I have 3,000 acres of cotton, cows and corn that I care for on a plantation with grass, soil, and streams
He chuckles, standing then assist me from the chair. He extends his arm when I snatch it. I feel his warmth and sincerity from his energy life force. I smile when Rann leans into my ear walking towards my suite to end the perfect day and night. You talk about your productive work. Do you ever have fun on your plantation? Or travel on vacation to a distance place for adventure? I never have been on vacation from my farm but here for this silly Tele-work stuff. He wears a serious brow. Do you mediate, Starra? I frown with my new ugly fugly distorted face as he chuckles. I believe your non-verbal answer is no. Meditation is not sleeping. I would suggest that you sit on the floor, legs crossed, palms extended and breathing air slowly in and out when you practice the art of mediation. The session emphasizes skills for remote viewing of past, present or future events of people, places, things, objects or whatever your little mind could touch in the deep recesses of your psyche. It is not exercising on the floor either but sitting on the floor is a good start, chuckles. The act would seem, without purpose. Will you try it for some evening fun, lady Starra? I smile and nod at his handsome face for his silly suggestion. He nods and pats my arm. Good if you try mediation tonight then we can compare our visions tomorrow at breakfast, stops. He views my closed slumber suite then me. Good night, Lady Starra, kisses my hand then bows. He upright and smiles, back stepping from me.
I giggle and smile. Good night, Prince Rann. Have a good vision too, watching him back step then disappear around the wall corner. I sigh with visions of him.

Alien day number four. dirt field, 10:03 am. purple sun. blue clouds. pink sky.
Lift it, Prince Rann? Peter hollers from the tower building overlooking the dirt field and Rann. Rann stands at the nose of the grounded and dead ship. Peter says. The space shuttle is 201 feet long, weighs four tons when empty. It has been moved out from under the red tarp, this morning. The objective is the third Tele-test for you Rann lifting the space shuttle 355-feet and 7-inches into the air simultaneously, without dropping and damaging it on the dirt ground, chuckles. Gotcha, this is the second space shuttle, not the loaded one for the emissary trip to the wormhole. Lift it please, if not too heavy demonstrating your goodwill measurement? I frown with my ugly distorted face at Peters nasty comment.
Kenya bounces side to side with excitement hitting my elbow, other elbows and a few rear skulls. We sit along the make-shift bleachers that hold only small bodies of children, not large bodies of adults. He says. The alien cant do it. I dont trust him either. The aliens going to enslave us earthlings. Hes slowly brainwashing and bedazzling us earthling with his super Tele-powers. I can lift the space shuttle too like the alien of the universe. Aliens, you can live with them and you cant kill them, theyd know, laughs with the other earthlings, not me. He leans into my nose profile, bad breathing. And some folks spend too much of their free time hanging with the alien prince of the universe, Rann lifts then hovers the space shuttle into the air. I sigh with delight.
My Tele-powers ping. Everything aint fine, darling.
Peter frowns and sours. Stop arguing, children. Ill send all of you home for a nap. Now, lift the shuttle upwards by another hundred feet and four-inches I sigh with recall.
Last night, I sat cross-legged on the floor, closing my eyelashes, breathing in and out then fell asleep, a deep slumber on the nasty carpet until this morning. Between breathe six and seven of practicing the art of mediation, since I do posses the Tele-power of Teleclairvoyance of seeing future events I saw an ugly image of
Fire, I stand and shout fingering the illuminated blue and yellow colored rear of the shuttle. The shuttle, somethings wrong inside the ship. I saw it last night. I saw a fire, a wet fire, a chemical fire. The fire is a chemical spillage inside the storage area of the space shuttle from a blending of flammable not right gas liquids, when the far distance a series of whistles and bells sound from the dome structure.
Fire on board on the space shuttle, Peter gasps then shouts. Run. Fire. Hurry. An explosion is coming, back steps then runs towards the other edge. Peter leaps using his Telekinesis to roughly land on top of the soil then runs towards the solar train. Escape. Flee. Leave
Stang, I shout seeing the train jerk into the motion of light speed towards the biosphere. Double stang, studies Rann and the shuttle. Rann holds his arms upwards and hovers the heated space shuttle. The interior compartments are burning with a blazing fire. If he drops the ship the interior fire will implode then explode killing Rann, the aliens and the earthlings, and the entire structure of the Dall-Tex biosphere. I cant leave Rann hell die when the ship implodes. The hand tenderly touches my shoulder when I jerk my face to the twin princesses.
She nods and smiles. Yes, you are correct, Lady Starra. But we three can work as a team to extinguish the fire inside the ship. We can combine our Tele-powers then pull out the blaze inside then Dad can lower the ship, safely.
I nod then leap from the bleachers onto the soil. I race towards the ship and position behind the burning and smoke rear end of the afterburners. I feel the heat bombarding my body parts.
Rann stains his word. Built and connect a multi-layered Tele-bubble with the ship to contain the fire. Fire only breathes with oxygen. I will start, he glows in neon blue bubble then it surround the ship. I want each one of you to add your T-shielding around mine then we will layer after layer with the rest of the three T-bubbles. We can extinguish the fire by cutting off the oxygen flow in the biosphere. Jenn glows in neon pink T-bubble then surround Ranns bubble creating the color of purple. Jess glows yellow T-bubble morphing the purple into in brown. Tight. Tighter. Close. Closer. Good, one more pull to get rid of the fire, he exhales.
I close my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus. Heal.
I create a red T-bubble then surround the ship blending with the brown creating the color of maroon. The T-bubble look pretty around the ship when the blue and yellow blaze in dark green.
I gasp. The fire isnt extinguished. 
Rann pants with the words. Jess and Jennleave now. The fire is still aliveI must destroy this ship to save
Nonot leaving, I pant holding arms keeping the floating shuttle from falling on me and the ground.
Rann pants. Lady Starrapleasefor your safety
I cantthe official alien emissary stays too, I pant with pain form the heavy object
Daddy, my bubbles breaking apart, Jess shouts.
My shield is falling too. Jenn shouts.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I see the chemical fire spreading from the back of the ship through the cabin towards the cockpit. The fire will reach the oxygen tanks and explode. I shout. Water extinguishes fire. Theres a lake about sixteen miles north of the building. Sail the ship there for its final resting place, foreverly.
Rann pants. Good, toss the burning ship into the lake of water over towards the north section of the dome on my mark of three. One. Two. Three, when I bend my knees for drama.
I dont really need to move any body parts to utilize my Tele-power because it is all done with my gray matter neurons. I exhale. My Tele-powers rush towards my mind and then my arms with brutal invisible strength as I feel a rush of hot energy explode from my mind covering the entire space shuttle. I whip my arms towards the skyline away from the heat when the ship floats upward with T-powers of Telekinesis. The space soars towards the north as gooey whitish-red and silver sizzling parts and pieces of the metal fall over the brown dry dirt of the dome.
You hear the splash into the water with my excellent hearing as the ship disappears from the curvature of the planet within my eyeballs. I exhale viewing my boot toes, breathing in and out. A heated body attacks my shoulders, when I lift my face seeing the pretty smile of good teeth. Rann nods holding my arms then my hands then my body really close. He sweet breathes into my face. Thank you so much, Lady Starra. You did an excellent job of saving the dome of both my alien friends and your earthling friends. We make a great team. I sign with affection.
Jess dashes towards us, saying. Daddy Rann releases my hands then swings and hugs his twin daughters. He kisses each girl. I sigh with tenderness.
They are a nice loving family. Rann and the girls parted. The girls swing towards the solar train waving and cheering at the pilot. He turns to me. Thank you, Lady Starra. Because of your quick thinking and fast action, we are still a nice loving family, I part my lips when he cuddles me. We walk towards the solar train too. I sigh with affection.

swimming pool. hot. humidity. 125F. orange clouds. blue sun. pink sky.
After lunch I discovered a new tiny box wrapped in pink. Inside, I found a new tiny piece of clothing wrapped in pink tissue, a bikini swimming suit.
I sit on the edge of the long and wide swimming pool located on the far end of the dome with my feet, ankles and kneecaps enjoying the slightly warm water. The heat and light from the solar radiated sun and sky keeps the water intensely warm. Rann chuckles, scooting into my thigh and arm for fun. After that heated moment inside a burning ship, I am in need of some cold refreshment and cold non-dramatic event. I nod and giggle, watching. Jenn and Jess stroll around the swimming wearing tiny pink bikinis as the young males prance around and after them. I giggle watching the young does and bucks enjoying their simple sweet lives, before my planet implodes killing all. I exhale wishing for a family and a husband and a simple sweet life, before my planet implodes killing all. Rann nudges my bicep awakening me from my day dream. He hands the cool beverage to me then winks. May I entertain you with a fairy tale from my galaxy? I giggle and nod then sip on the cold beverage. He sips then smiles at me. She loves him, absolutely. She is a smart-sassy-single powerful Tele, pilots by Telekinesis, the levitation of objects sailing her zipper around to the different planets in the galaxy. She uses Teleclairvoyance, the visualization of future events finding a nice quiet home. Then she meets the bronze-bold-brave prince after crash-landing her zipper saving her bee-hindie with Telekinesis upon the dead world of Bonita. She steals and travels by zipper with her Telepathy, reading the mind of others towards the royal palace on Commerce disguised as a noble lady. She hides quietly among the innocent citizens as a surreptitious-sly-secretive alien. He loves her, maybe. He, the ruler of the universe possesses billions of currs, nine planets, the Wall, fleets of ram ships, hundreds of bots, is loved by millions of working class commoners, hated by snobby royal nobles and does not remember the lovely, lively vivid pretty lady. He has courted, cuddled and comforted her before previously. Within each time line she attracts his undivided attention immediately. She has great powerful Tele-abilities which accidentally has created an alternative time space continuum. Her bold entrance into the universe erases the nobles, the commoners, the bots and his mentally memories of her beauty and elegance, except for a villain, another equally powerful Tele user. She knows the villain and hopes the new time line will break the chain of looping space continuum within her confusion world. She falls from the blue sky, plummets back onto the brown dirt road of Bonita, directing her towards the palace of Commerce, ignored by snobby nobles, greeted by friendly commoners, welcomed by talking bots, fondly familiar by the villain. Finally, the villain dies by her hand, the final time line is incomplete for the lady and prince. The end. Do you like my fairy tale?
I blink my eyelashes frowning with confusion then exhale. It isis a unique
She is a very unique lady, Rann nods and smiles. I hope youre coming with me tomorrow, Starra. Tomorrow is my last day on Planet Earth. The end is very near for earthlings. The Earth scientists are wrong. I am correct. You know this too. You possess all four Tele-powers. You hear using your Telepathy the words inside your mind. You feel using your Telekinesis the heat of the burning space shuttle. You heal using your Telemetabolics before I died. And you use your Teleclairvoyance to see the total destruction of Planet Earth
No. I frown. I do, exhales. Youre a very rude, alien. Ive been direct and honest with myffreaking actions. I wanna come with you on the pretty ship, but I dont, exhales. I cant live and leave my farm, my family and my life on here on Earth. Im an earthling
He stands leaning over my hair roots, without me seeing his face. Please think about your precious life like I do. You can become a farmer in my world in my galaxy, Starra, back steps then exits the pool into the cool building.
I stare at the sparkling water then kick my feet presenting my ugly fugly distorted face. I hide it from Rann, his daughters, the earthlings into my palms. I sob with tears. Everything is too complicated. Everything is not fine even my Tele-powers ping with too much pain and bad vibes here at the dome. Im too emotional charged thinking about the bold bronze prince who is married. My heart is too hurt over him. Rann is leaving tomorrow from here, foreverly. I dont understand. I dont know. I do care about earthlings and Earth.
The gossip is too sizzling hot whispering around my eardrum. The earthlings are all staying behind. They do not want to leave their home either. They do not truth the aliens either. The Earth scientists say we have five years until the implosion. The prime reason, I am here to travel into and through some dang unexplored red and blue colored wormhole then check out a new home for the greedy earthlings. I have a new duty, saving my own planet and my people.
Rann and his alien friends must go home to their planets and galaxy without me.

Alien day number five. Starras suite. 9:02 am
The dang communication globe rings and rings and rings as I wait and wait and then static. Stang, the invisible microwaves are down, giggles. Thats the stupidest statement on the planet from the stupidest girl in the universe. The invisible radio frequencies are never down. It is the plummets of solar radiation that captures and then eats them for lunch. The radiation causes the communication globes to stop functioning. I exhale. Fine, Ill wait, press the button shutting down the machine. I walk to the window. The weather patterns are bad this morning. It is daylight if only you are an earthling. The dark purple mean sky is heavy with blue lightning and green rain of radiated toxins. The atmosphere looks like nighttime sleeping but it is from an approaching severe thunderstorm in the north traveling towards the south in a weird weather pattern coming towards the Dall-Tex dome. Normally the wind patterns flow east to west or south to north towards the frozen landscape of the North Pole where Santa Claus has died along with the dead reindeers. I stomp my boot heel in angry. Fine, Im a Tele-thingie. Ill use my toot-toot talent, giggles.
I close my eyelashes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I see something getting bigger then clearer then Ming. He stands inside the door frame, yelling and waving at something through the green hail, pink rain, and blue lightning. The image shakes ten disappears. I giggle. Not a very Tele-person, darling. Ming is alive and mad at the farm hands. My new Tele-power called Teleclairvoyance is pretty weak. Im a newbie at this Tele-stuff.
I smile and swing towards the sofa, sitting. I will be home tomorrow afternoon plowing the back field with cotton seeds. The aliens are leaving and returning home to their world, their universe, today without me. Im scheduled to depart upon the fully loaded ancient Earth space shuttle this morning to investigate the pretty heated wormhole. Actually Peter has decided to chase off all the alien star ships from Planet Earth though the galaxy towards the wormhole using our mighty Tele-powers. I giggle then frown. I have my answer for Rann. Im staying. Ming needs me. My farm needs me. My city needs me. My state needs me. My planet needs me. My galaxy needs me. I giggle. I need a psyche bed, because I am going loco with all the alien decision. I sigh with craziness.
The knock softly sounds at my door. I smile not needing my new Telepathy powers for my visitor. I dash flinging the metal against the wall. It dents. I frown with shock. Gigi!?
She smiles and nods. Hi, Starra, winks. Whats wrong, girlfriend? O! she giggles. You thought cute Rann would escort you into the auditorium like the last three days, honey. I did that already, doll. Peter sent me to fetch ya for the final meeting of the aliens. Its close to nine oclock. You must have overslept or something
Nine, I view the wall clock then her then the communication globe. I tried to call my farm
The communication globes are all down because of the intense weather, she back steps then swings towards the hallway. I overheard some of the aliens gossiping that Prince Rann lost his married wife during a bloody war. The prince is now both single and available. I plan to be his next princess, runs ahead of me.
I race after her.

9:14 am. auditorium.
I enter following behind Gigi. I see Rann on the stage. He smiles and shakes hands then bows to the females. Then he kisses his each hand of the female too with his alien royal manners. I eye roll then motor boat my lips prancing with a springy step towards the emissary row of chairs far away from prince alien and his alien friend. I am glad that they are leaving.
I scoot into the only empty chair in the wall corner when Kenya bad breathes into my face. You look stunning, Lady Starra. Are you wearing another new outfit from the alien? I admit he gots some good taste, I scoot closer to the wall. My outfit: thick turtleneck, without any embedded with diamonds; tight pants cover my legs; thigh boots. Kenya chuckles. Are you ready for the aliens to leave? Me and other earthlings do. I hope ya dont start crying, Lady Starra. Anyways, us earthling have our own outer space adventure this morning as soon as the satellites are working. All the equipment transposes are receiving a busy signal. I got no answer on the communication globe when calling my mom. The controller told me the lines are busy. The weather patterns are very rough this morning but theyll dissipate later this afternoon like always, frowns at me. Whats wrong? You look sad and lonely, Lady Starra, laughs with the others.
I gasp viewing the same black rectangular mechanic device. Nothings wrong with me, the image of Kenya invades my mind with my Teleclairvoyance as I touch the devise with wiggling finger pads. He stole the black rectangular devise from Ranns private suite. You stole it, when Kenya raises and rattles it when it pings. I gasp. Give it back to Rann.
Lulu leans into Kenya, fingering the devise. No, youre a smart Tele, emissary Kenya, winks at him. Theyre plotting the invasion. Ease drop on the aliens private communication conversation and listen to their secret messages. Hold the devise towards us, Kenya. And if you dont wanna listen, Starra then place a Tele-bubble around your face, laughs with the other emissaries.
I view Rann. He presses the button of one of his daughters devise then holds to his ear.
The tenor voice via the devises says. Rann, this is Ty. I am very worried.
The devise sounds with static.
Rann says via the devise. Ty, you are my most trusted friend and loyal nobleman. If you are worried, I am worried. We will be finished in thirty minutes then the fireworks will begin. Rann out. I sigh with mystery.
Kenya exhales and nods. The alien show is about to begin. This is not over for us earthlings. They plan the invasion in thirty minutes start whispering the word to the other dignities, delegates, aids, and body guards. We will fight them with our swords and blood before we become enslaved with alien overlords, nods. The alien passed all the required Tele-tests with both ease and style that Peter had developed then thrown. Now this is the best time for attack at the alien and his daughters. They are the only members to attend the final days event, views the ceiling. This auditorium is an excellent battle site since there arent any windows or sky lights. The other aliens can see us killing their leaders. And the change in the barometer pressure is affecting their alien bodies. The air pressure had dropped by thirteen points since seven oclock this morning. Im been following the current atmospheric changes which affects both the pressure inside our biosphere and their war ships. The hail, rain, and lightning storm will ground their war ships so we can kill the aliens not. When the other aliens come well be ready and capture them. Their advanced technology can save Earth and the earthlings. This is their prime visitation to Earth. You heard the alien prince on his first day with his intro speech. They dont have planets but people, when I stomp my boot heel then present my new fugly ugly distorted face, sneering like a dead wild wolf as Kenya grabs my wrist. Be quiet, lady Starra. You are with us earthlings or you are with the aliens. Sit down and be still, Starra until I give the fist signal to fight for saving our world.
I jerk my arm from Kenya crossing my breast then slump into the chair. I do believe Planet Earth is dying. Rann is leaving us. And Kenya is crazy with jealous insanity over the aliens. I stare at the stage.
Ken guards the podium for todays event. Rann is seated between his daughters dressed matching silver outfits like me. I cant stop thinking about crazy Kenya whispering words of fight with the aliens. Ken smiles and nods to the audience. Prince Rann has performed admirably all the selected Tele-tests from us earthling. Im very appreciative of your co-operation and patience with us earthlings during the past four days and nights while visiting our planet, Rann nods and smiles to the audience. However, we earthlings and the leaders of Earth require one more test. This is a test of good will since we have all the time in the universe. The world is too small now, chuckles with the earthlings as Rann frowns and shakes his skull. Ken says. We earthling heard and heed your generous warning, Prince Rann but our scientists concur with the demise of our planet has been calculate within another five years time frame until the ultimate destruction. Therefore five years is enough time for you to perform one more test of goodwill, nods Ken as Rann frowns and shakes his skull. We have developed this event to directly address the issues unique to Earth. It is designed to brighten to enlighten the issues, obstacles, skills, and opportunities surrounding us and them without more political poopie, chuckles. We present our role models of today who are leaders, rainmakers and professionals in science and life at this event such as a continuing shortage of food is anticipated over the next several years within our Earth resources. There are several theories on the influential factors that affect the planet not conducive into balancing out our conflicting priorities like food, natural landscape, the people and exiting our world for greener pastures, chuckles. This is not a senate committee meeting. Were entertaining aliens from another galaxy before the planet implodes. We believe that it is time to change and you can become a part of it if you are interested in our survival, Prince Rann. I praise you for your practical insights into work and personal realities of your own universe too being a practiced diplomat also. However we earthlings do not have the patience for this type of pookie poo. I like Prince Ranns tell-it-like-it-is-style which is both a stimulating and compelling delivery from a thoughtful leader. However we earthlings are curious like that mischievous tomcat that looks down into the dark hole. Why have you launched an initiative outer space visit exclusively towards Earth? How are you defining and designing your visiting program? How much money has been allotted or required for your outer space trip? What have you implemented that could help earthlings? What is working or nonworking here during your outer space visit? How are you measuring the results? This is your final chance to share and compare your initiatives with us earthlings before our planet implores, nods. I along with some of my fellow earthlings feel that this is a no-nonsense non-threatening discovery to move out and move up to a better life for all earthlings. However let us cut through the political horse patties confusing your true intentions for visiting Earth. I am lost if we earthling are winning or losing this debate. Is Prince Rann winning or losing the fight, flight or might here on Earth? Do you intent to leave us earthlings with a plan for the future and a smile on your face and accept our deadly demise without compromise? What are the implications for your life effectiveness with Earth? We earthlings are each different at our core. We all want the same thing to live and enjoy the life party, nods and chuckles. We want to display our strengths allowing us to express who we are and hold on to our most important values, intellectually and emotionally preservation of an earthling. But we earthlings still allow free time for a life, in other words to express our authentic selves in our life and personal lives or do our own thing, not become a slave or servant. This is a discussion of current trends and future directions by the United Earth committee for Prince Rann to address before we implode within the five year time frame, chuckles. We did not have time for debates, theories or postulates right now since we are going to do this our way or not way, nods and smiles. The political big debate will continue until the planet was getting hotter. Im getting hotter talking about our sizzling future, chuckles and rises the glass of water. I need a cold refreshing drink, gulfs the water. Ah, better, winks at Jess when she frowns. He views the audience. Where was I? Yes, understanding where Earth is headed will enable us to craft a solid strategy for each person and enhance the contribution to the fold of space. We will explore the areas of the biggest challenge and best opportunity and using technology to gain competitive advantage, trends, hottest niches and much, much more which is about new innovation and creations of a new path that separates you from your peers and defines you as leaders as earthlings. This is a long road toward success and the challenges of growth and development in experience. So share with us earthlings, you aliens overcome these same obstacles common current with our todays problems of destruction of dead. Let us earthlings focus on a set of specific vertical goals going straight up into the heavens of outer space, chuckles. This is the road less traveled but traveling with the right tools can make for a wonderful journey. We need immediate actions, not stretched out plans. What is the cost involved to us and ourselves? Do we progress and not have a life or have a life and not progress? Do we stay or do we go, laughs with the earthlings. Thats the earthling question, pauses and smiles. The global debate continues to elude us with any real answers. A prediction is that the number of storms will increase and continue to utilize resources in the biospheres. Government is responsible for home and family matters in the biosphere, thus affecting survival. Does this have to be the case? No, I say. We earthlings will discuss the work-life balance issues dealt with work, children and recreation. We earthlings will hear and see the first hand reports about the deadly weather patterns and upcoming planet destruction taking major risks to our bodies, slaps his chest. At no time in world history has so many different generations with such diversity in world views and work philosophies been asked to team up and work together side by side with differing values and seemingly incompatible view on leadership and life commitment, life choices. This is a galaxy milestone. Do we earthlings negotiate with your aliens? No. do we earthling invite you aliens here? No. He has a natural gift for bringing light to our problem, Prince Rann does that that with his cute daughters, big ships and bigger muscles, chuckles. So something bad is going to happen to Earth and all the earthlings can do is debate and argue and talk and talk and talk. I am so worriednot, laughs. Armed with a touch of humor, the valuable idea we can put to usage immediately is with you aliens. Are you very savvy about the generational differences between my people and your people looking at the differences in strengths and weaknesses, vision for the future, and etc? I am encouraging everyone on this planet to strive to take the invitation to the next level, to offer more than is expected and to always exceed expectation which is lifeto survive. Prince Rann is the one to lead us through the mine field? Prince Rann appears to be a rainmaker branding us earthlings as the new aliens in our planet. I have an Earth idea. Join us and effectively integrate your people into our society, our universe instead. How do we earthling balance your people with our people? Right? Right! Right. A good plan with lots of change for you aliens, since the first piece of sky fall down despite all our own meekly efforts resulting in we earthling dying out, existent. Lets come together and review factors that influence the situation that likely forces that will impact the future, nods. We earthlings need the help getting us off the ground sustaining a high survival rate here on Earth and you aliens are giants in the ultra-successful niche in our book shelf. I am currently the king of our universe, Prince Rann. We earthling take more than knowledge and technical skills to start and develop a successful escape plan understanding our needs and turning our needs into organic process like a tightrope while facilitating a retreat from Earth. Yes? Yes! Yes. Who is the Earth leader there in your universe? How will we earthlings grow there in your universe, Prince Rann? Who is going to manage us earthlings there in your universe, prince Rann? Ken, no not King Ken, he is needed on Earth, smiles. Prince Rann has offered his universe as a diverse menu of services and games. During our fun night of entertaining the aliens I discovered. General Ira is practical and functional and serves and obeys his ruler. Marquis Tok is seriously not fun. Ambassador Ty is fun loving. But the search to find the earthling light can be remarkably difficult. It is like she says, he says. We earthlings use language differently but eventually we earthlings speak the same words as you aliens like destruction, dead. You aliens might create misunderstanding and conflict within our earthling leaders. Your insight and humor provides a new game plan that enables Prince Rann to command the attention of the day or night or possibly the future. Therefore we earthling desire, want and accept your aliens and your terms, nods, smiles and waves his arms. Thank you dignities, delegates and aids for coming to the first intergalactic meeting between the aliens and earthlings. We earthlings concern with each and every assessment and analysis of the problem of Planet Earth today and tomorrow. I must warn you my next news blast will be rather shocking for the heart and mind. What is the next step for Earth and earthlings? I am so glad that each one of you are asking that serious earthling question. The United Earth Government has decided to present a candidate to Prince Rann for a swift visitation within his universe. The representative will learn the culture and bring back all the information for us earthlings for assessment and evaluation The chosen one!? he pauses then smiles, fingering the wall corner. Drum roll please, the musician taps his wooden sticks on the steel bands of the snare head. I sigh with intrigue.
Pick me, I want to go. I want to be the chosen one. I want to go back with Rann and see his home city, his home world, and his home galaxy. Im already the personally hand pick emissary for Prince Rann by King Ken. I giggle. Im going to be picked the chosen one. Me!
I close my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
The drum rolls stops. Ken inhales then exhales, smiling. The planet of Earth located in the Milky Way Galaxy has chosen Dr. Peter Martin of the United Earth Government and the talented leader of the Tele project as the chosen one. Please stand, Peter, claps and smiles at Peter.
No! I stomp both boot toes, whining, without the falling tears of disappointment.
Kenya laughs with the other emissaries, staring at me. Someone is a poor loser who might be in love with the alien prince. Suck it up, Starra. Peter is the chosen one and going to visit a far, far away galaxy
I study Rann. He bumps his heads with his daughters, smiling and nodding. The aliens are happy too.
Ken stands at the podium. Please come to the podium, Prince Rann. Will you or will you not take our chosen one of Peter Martin? Im so emotional from the alien visit, the earthling selection and movement of the weather. My Tele powers are not functioning. I sigh with the unknown.
Rann stands and strolls to the podium slapping his hands to the wood. He nods and smiles, exhaling. King Ken, presidents, vice-Presidents, dignities, delegates, aids, emissaries honored and distinguished people of the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy, I accept, when the thunder booms over the dome.
The heavy green-colored raindrops hit the glass windows flooding the tile floor. The dish cups and plates fall from the trays and tables breaking over the tile. The food spills over the broken dishes and floor. The chairs shake. The walls rumble. The overhead fixture rattles. The floor moves. The ceiling plaster falls over the tile and people. All faces view the walls then the ceiling then the floor then each other.
What the hell, Ken shouts and scans the room as the room violently shakes for six seconds. Then the sounds of bang, boom, ping, ting, crack, crash, ding, dong ring and echo over and over against my eardrums. The audience screams then the alarms, bells, whistles, horns, sirens blast.
Whats happening? O, no, the planet is imploding.
Rann grabs Kens arm then the microphone. Follow me! We must escape before the implosion of the planet 
I cover my eardrums then freeze inside my chair in the wall corner. Im going to die along with the planet. Ming and my family members are going to die too. My farm plantation and the horses are going to die too. I sit inside my chair, seeing.
Ken struggles from Ranns hand grip then flees the stage along with the presidents, vice-presidents, dignities, delegates, aids, emissaries, body guards, and mini-communications globes sailing out the open door of the crowded room. Save yourself comes first to mind.
The planet is erupting then will implode then will finally die in a series of prettily fireworks.
The eruptions are affecting the interior walls and floors of the biosphere, marking the destruction of Planet Earth. The end is very near. I sigh with death.
The communication globe blast verbal warnings throughout the hidden speakers in the ceiling not cracked by the storm. Red alert. Red alert. Earthquakes. Thunderstorms. Tornadoes. Acid rain. All the weather pattern have cracked the dome hauls the hallways and rooms are filling with poisonous fumes and gases inside the biosphere. Exit. Exitexit
Follow me, Rann shouts and scans the fleeing earthlings on the stage. Follow me to safety.
I see the chairs overturned, scattered, and flipped. I hear the globes shouting as they circle the room.
The aids shove the presidents and vice-presidents out of the room spilling into the hallway. The body guards pull weapons from their belts, firing shots into the hallway. The dome is going to erupt, releasing the poisonous gases and vapors from the contaminated sky invading the protective man-made glass sphere. But I dont have to worry about the volcanic or earthquake fallout the stupid body guards are going to kill me first.
I shiver from fear. The bad storms cant get me if I hide like a little child. I jump down onto the floor then crawl under my assigned seat in the wall corner. I fit perfectly being five feet, one inch short under the red padded chair, nicely. I fold both legs into my tiny chest then wrap my long arms around them. Im going to die. Tears flood down my cheeks. I wont see Ming or his stubborn wife Maritza. I wont see my horse Thunderfoot or my farm Starbuck Plantation located in the Hunts-Bama ecosphere on the planet of Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy.
The scientists are wrong. They are incorrect.  The planet is not going to endure five more years of volcanoes, storms and fumes. Mother Nature has surrendered to the elements of the sky, sea and land. Shes starting over again. Shes beginning, without the pests, earthlings.
I cry louder and heavy. I dont want to die. Im only 36 years, 6 days, 6 hours, 6 minutes and 6 second old. I want to live, get married and have children. I want my life to end with happy ever after like in the fairy tale I heard as a young child from Grandma Starbuck.
The other chair hits the wall above my chair. I duck my face into my arms for protection feeling nothing, numb, sad, sorrow.
The hand touches my kneecap, when I gasp feeling warmth. Starra, Rann whispers into my hair roots. I lift my red face staring into his worried eyes. He kneels in front of me then smiles. Take my hand, Lady Starra. he orders with calm serenity. I grab his hand without reservation then crawl from the floor, flinging the chair against the wall from my back. 
I scan the crowdednawempty room. Everyone is gone. No, I am not alone. I am with him for an instant the world, the destruction, and the madness stops. I sigh with calmness.
Follow me, he whispers.
I will, I sniff up the clear nose snot then he smiles. He pulls and hugs me into his chest. I feel safe, secure, and love. His daughters don the safety outer space suits using Telekinesis. Rann wears his royal outfit: open vest etched in diamonds, black sash covered in colorful pins and medals, trousers tucked in black knee boots. Your protective suit, fingers the box as the present from the aliens to the earthlings.
I dont need it. He exhales, watching his daughters finish dressing.
You will die. I frown with concern.
We must hurry. He lifts me in the air. I dash out of the auditorium, into the hallway, down the corridor into the pretty flower atrium. The passage way directly leads to the alien ships His girls lead us to safety. We pass earthlings in distress, when Rann says. No time, lowers me to the tile then jerks my hand towards through the flowers. They other earthling see and follow our pathway.
Martin, an earthling screams when I turn to see the gruesome sight.
Rann tightens the gripe on my hand, jerking me forward. Run, Starra, yells.
Blue tint toxic air blows out the window then over Peter. He inhales following us then stops. He folds over. S, Peter cries then dies on top of the rose bush.
Rann stops then swings me in front of him then grabs the bar mounted on the wall. He pulls us towards the bridge. Dont worry. I will not let anything happen to you, Lady Starra.
Ah! screams Kenya. He falls into the cracked red and blue fiery fission during the earthquake as a big seam splits on the floor. Hes dead.
I close my eyes shutting off my Tele hearing. This adventure is too scary for me.
Rann pulls us towards the bridge, Move, Lady Starra.
Inside the glass covered flower atrium, Lulu is struck by down a blue lightning bolt, when it penetrates the glass. Shes dead.
Saudi stops and helps the fallen earthling when Gigi extends her hand, yelling. Saudi, Gigi cries.
Go, my duty is to help the injured. Go, hurry, Saudi squats, helping the wounded. 
Rann jerks me forward. Save yourself, Lady Starra. The hurricane wind is furious and fast.  The suspended decorative purple and yellow vine covered bridge leads outdoors near the storage building, where a single alien ship is housed. The bridge, the dome, the storage building sway dangerous back and forth from the hurricane winds.
I sink into his chest, shaking my sweaty curls. No, Im too scared. Ill die.
Rann wraps his arms around me scanning the swaying bridge. Trust me, Lady Starra.
He connects, links, and Teles to me. Trust me.
I nod and whispers. I trust you, Rann.
Go! Rann shouts and waves to his daughter. They run then glide over the fragile wooden planks to the other side like silver ghosts using their Telekinesis powers. Rann lifts and hugs me off the floor using his Telekinesis. We fly through the air over the bridge platform. This would be a fun adventure if I wasnt so scared to death of dying. Without warning, the end part of the bridge disappears into the storm behind us. The tornado winds engulf parts of the loose wood with Gigi tearing from the dome. Shes dead.
Gigi, Huntress swings and shouts ahead of us at Gigi.
Rann shouts, Too late.
The acid rain pounds into the metal tarp between the atrium and the ram ship. Pockets of water fall through the metal leaving puddles of liquid. The tarp breaks. Acid water hits the bridge.
His daughters are safe at the end of the bridge, boarding the alien ship away from the poison and fumes.
I see Huntress ahead of us. She screams then falls onto the floor. She bleeds from different parts of her body as the acid rain melts her flesh then seeps the acid directly into her bone.
Rann hovers and stares at her then jerks me forwards. Shes dead. Leave her, Lady Starra, he soars ten more feet with me between his biceps. We land together on the wet mud then dash towards the ramp of the alien ship. I sigh with survival.

Ram ship.
I enter the ship as Rann skips ahead of me. He stops then skips backwards, chuckling. Welcome Aboard, Lady Starra. Please pardon me. I must take command of the ship. Im very glad you are with me, kisses my dirty sweaty tear stained cheekbone then surface. He smiles with a goofy grin.
I gasp without words. I watch Rann shift around the tall and small robots, tall and small aliens and taller and small equipment towards the front of the ship, the bridge. I two-step towards the metal wall, out of the way of floating and flying robots and crew. I hold a grand view of the entire cargo bay.
The interior hallways, ports, terminals, decks and chairs are bustling with muttering people, blinking instruments and flying robots. The ship is huge with the walls built fifty feet high crowded with equipment and monitors like the ancient colored television screens. The screen reads Comlen1; Comlen2, comlen3, etc.
The screens are active with moving, not still pictures of buildings, earthlings and animals. I recognize some of Earth biospheres shown as the Rome-ltaly, Venice-Italy, Milan-Spain, and Poland-Hungary. I see riots of earthlings and colorful weather pattern disturbances on the screens. The earthlings scream then run then die. Some of the military officers shoot bullets into the advancing throngs of people.
Lower the volume on the comlens. Ty orders as the noise of screaming, crying and shooting stops. He touches my collar bone, frowning with sadness. Im sorry, lady Starra.
Thank you. I nod. These aliens are kind and nice to take care of me but I do not see earthlings on the ship with me. Maybe, the other earthlings made to another alien ship. They are the aliens. I am the earthling.
I was an earthling. Earth is dying almost dead. I am not an Earthling. I am what. I am living on Earth. There will be no Earth in a few more minutes. I scan the aliens of the alien ship. I am leaving the planet to live in another world in another galaxy. Then I will be the alien in a new alien world. Alien, all... I giggle. I shake my curl viewing the monitors of horror, horrible attacks of Mother Nature. Im on an alien ship watching the awful destruction of the Earth, my home.
I see green fires, purple snow blizzards, black floods, pink tornados, and splitting earthquakes. However I feel safe and alive here. I survive again. I sigh with intrigue.
I feel within my bones secure, joy, relief, and happy, not worry, concern, danger, doom, destruction or death. My emotions are jumbled and confused, not feeling wrong.
Status, Ty? Rann sits inside a single chair in the middle of the cockpit. He presses buttons then view the monitors. 
Ty sits at a wall of monitors reading the numbers. Our altitude is 600 miles above Planet Earth. We have ascension completed. Bots, equipment and people are loaded with full gear for launch which has been checked, double-checked and triple-checked, Rann. We are ready for takeoff except we are wee little bit too heavy 
Jettison the equipment and bots, no aliens please. Rann chuckles with the aliens.
Jess motions me to the tiny wall corner. I pad towards her when she pushes me towards the smaller chair beside Rann. I stand at the chair when Rann fingers the seat. I sigh with confusion.
Rann views the monitors. Attention, aliens this is our escape from this mess. We are departing the Earths atmosphere in four minutes and 49 seconds and counting backwards. Nobles, check in
Comlen1 display the couple, smiling. Rex and Rita, in.
Comlen2 says. Bartholomew and Ann, in.
The next comlen says. Dov and Bea, in.
Ito and Las, in.
Lad and Rita, in.
Ira and Mar, in.
Jon and Jo, in.
Nobles, go. Rann nods.
I view the comlens. Is there enough time? Can everyone be saved, Rann?
Rann smiles and nods. Yes, everyone can be saved but we must hurry. The planet will explode in 18 minutes and 60 seconds.

outer space, cold. dark, minus 1000F.
The ship settles in orbit around Earth. The view of the planet is remarkable. I see the blue and yellow fires, the black and blue storms and the red and white destruction of individual biospheres. Biospheres are the man-made glass sandy substances with men, women, children, animals, plants, and insects. Earth communications satellites are dropping out the sky like metal rain drops. I sigh with sorrow.
I bounce inside the seat staring at the different monitors. One shows outer space. It travels for zillions of miles of dark, cold and untouched starry skies. Im on an alien ship in outer space. Outer space is pretty with the dark and light tinted color streaks of stars and light thinking of something else, not the destruction of my home, Earth.
Im leaving my home, my plantation, my overseer and my family. Im flying an alien ship from an alien planet in an alien universe by aliens. I sigh with apprehensiveness.
The comlens blast verbal and visual updates from the nobles regarding the status of the biospheres and evacuation of people.
Rann presses button, ordering. Wheres the evacuation bot?
The short cylinder of silver floats then hovers on the left side of Rann. It drones. I am here, Prince Rann.
Ebot, sound out all the most updated reports before the planet implodes killing out of us, Rann says.
Ebot hovers and drones. The first data set is for the city-state of Brazil-South America is gone. The noble couple of Viscount Lad and Viscountess Rita were at the biosphere assisting with evacuation efforts. The flood destroyed the dome completely. They are dead
Stang! Rann frowns with fury. I sighed with mystery.
Ebot hovers and drones. The second data set for the city-state of Rome-Italy is gone. Four percent of the citizens were evacuated before the earthquake hit. The noble couple of priest Ito and priestess Las are dead...
Stang! Rann frowns with fury.
The third data set for the city-state of Bogot-Columbia was twelve percent evacuated with the assistance of the noble couple of Governor Jon and Governess Jo. However, they are dead
Stang! Rann frowns with fury.
This fourth data set for the city-state of London-England with eight percent before the tidal wave. The noble couple of.
Rann yells. Bartholomew and Ann
Here, Rann. Bartholomew shouts before the screen shows his smiling face.
Rann exhales then chuckles. Launch your ship, pal, Bartholomew nods.
This is the fifth data set for the city-state of Yemen-Arabia which is gone in a sand storm. General Ira and Generalette Mar are dead
Stang! Rann frowns with fury.
This is the sixth data set for the city-state of Moscow-Russia with ten percent before the snowstorm blizzards. The noble couple of Tok and Ivy
Stang, that was too damn close, Rann. Tok laughs hugging Ivy.
Zak, her brother peeks and chuckles between the noble couple. Me too, dang too close, Rann!
Rann nods and grin. Good job, Launch the ship immediately, Tok nods then cuts the transmission for a fast take-off from the planet.
Ebot drones and hovers beside Rann. This is the seventh dome for the city-state of Vegas-Nevada with two percent before the tornadoes destroyed the structure. The noble couple of Count Dov and Countess Bea are dead. The city-state of Salty-Utah is experiencing a tidal wave
Rann yells and waves both arms. Rex and Rosa, get out! The tidal wave is 200 feet high. Get out now, when silence invades the comlen. Survivors? static attacks the comlen. Stang!

Ebot drones. The dome is
Shut is, Ebot! Rann yells slapping the arm chair. I sigh with sorrow.
Rann is losing his nobles and noblettes saving my people. I shouldnt be here. Hell lose more of his people. I must help them too.
I close my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I see red colored swirl patterns of radiated clouds, the polluted black oceans and the poisoned purple continents, the shimmering glass biospheres, the green meadows, yellow wheat fields, white cotton rows and the red brick mansion, my home of Starbuck Plantation.
Starra.
I see Ming hugging the bed post, hearing the breaking glass. I feel the shaking of the floor.
Starra.
No, Hunts-Bama, I open my eyelashes, scanning the active and colorful comlens finding the correct one. A shadow creates by a circle around the mountain the dark area inside the circle is the Hunts-Bama biosphere. The lighter shades are my farm being swallowed up by earthquakes. I jab my finger at the comlen. Save them, save my home I sigh with fear.
Rann shifts and hugs me. Tears flow down my dirty freckled face staring at the comlen. The comlen switched quickly to different geographical ports showing the destroyed land masses on Earth.
Open sea. I recognize the lands of United Europe highlighted by the shallow water represented the sunken masses of land containing people, plants, animals and life. The darker deep waters surrounds and engulfs the remaining city-states like a water dam.
Sand. Wave after wave of sand, silt and mud and debris bombards the blue tinted biospheres of the United Arab Government. I see the manmade fragile biospheres shimmering along the land surface, the clear glass twinkling in shades of bright yellow, neon blue and vivid red in the bright sun reflecting off the rays of heat and light. One by one the twinkling lights blink out from the intense weather and nature storms on the surface of Earth, my home. I sigh with sadness.
Water. The comlen shows massive gallons of rolling floods in the United America western biospheres creating massive destruction with monster thunderstorms of rain, hail, black tornados and twirling funnel clouds in the air.
Snow. Blizzards, ice and snowstorms bombard the northern biospheres in United Asia with extreme temperatures and layers upon layers of swirling and twirling snow drifts and mists.
Ty reads the comlen instruments. Rann, Im measuring a surge in highly intense gas build up of hydrogen, helium, radiated metals of uranium, thorium the building blocks of life. The building block of life Earth is regenerating with the destruction all life forms on Earth. The planet is about to implode, presses buttons. Look at the center comlen I am de-magnifying 200 times then 300 times. On the comlen Planet Earth appears lighted in red, yellow, blue, black, brown, pink, orange colors from fires, tornados, hurricanes, blizzards, earthquakes and other weather patterns bombarding the land, sea and sky. The most beautiful site is an image a blue and gold tinted ribbon around the planet like a bow. We are about to experience bow shock. Bow shock is created around a star, a planet, a moon or a black hole when two or more streams of gases are about to collide. The bow stream emits a vigorous stellar wind containing a stream of charged radiated and non-radiated matter particles moving rapidly outward from the detonated object. The stellar wind collides with slow moving gases evaporating away from the core or center of the imploding planet which are located here. Therefore, the surface where the two winds collide forms the crescent-shaped bow which called the bows shock. Ty fingers the center of Earth.
I drop my mouth in horror and beauty. This is real. Planet Earth isnt going to exist anymore. The alien crew is busy pressing buttons on the monitoring screens padding station to station and getting ready for takeoff. Ty says. The northern hemisphere of the planet is a pretty electric blue color as it lightens into a baby blue we will encounter the bow shock. The current percentage is 98.3 percent. The opposite end of the globe is a golden colored southern hemisphere which had increased to 98.8 percent. The core gases are measured at 98.9 percent. Three minutes and eighteen seconds to implosion. It is time to escape from Earth, Rann. And we are still too heavy for a swiftly take-off.
Pbot, dump and burn one half of our fuel tanks then well make away from the bow shock. If not, we go to plan-b, winks at me. 
Ty says. The posts are secured. The injectors are ready. The engines are reheated and set. We have ignition
Fire, Rann shouts. The ship jumps into light speed. My stomach stays behind in the orbit of Earth. I swallow air then cough with my hands shivers on the edge of the seat.
Ty says. We have no friction. No turbulence. I see the shock diamonds. No oscillations. No drag. Hang on, everyone.
I view the comlen. My heart skips a beat seeing Earth as a tiny dot of bright of neon vivid colors then hear a bang. I see no planet. I am an Earthling without a planet. I am a homeless person without a planet. I am an alien of new world. The collision of gases has formed a ring of light, medium and dark matter. The ring of multitude of pretty bright patches of clouds sparkle with blue, red, yellow, orange, green, silver, red and gold. I sigh with doom.
Ty says. The ring is heading directly towards the ship. The first objects from a cluster of semi-rounded geometric figures stripped from the ring shooting in a circular direction is rocks, when the objects pelt the ship as I slide sideways into my chair. Ty says. The energy being pulled from the ring jets out another formation with pretty three tails similar to a comet cone and enthralls is the second object which are the gases, when the ship slows from the formation of additional air pockets around the ship. I touch my nose, coughing from the strong smelly odor leaking into the mechanic air ducts.
Burn supersonics aft. Rann holds his nose ordering in a funny deep baritone as the ship leaps then clears a red planet. He winks at me. Mars. I smile absorbing the vivid colors and interesting dimensions of the other planets and stars inside the Milky Way Galaxy for the very the very last time as a native.
Ty says and smiles. We have flame out. All ships are gathering around and beside us burning thrusters at a pacing speed, Rann. Woo-hoo, tosses his arms, nodding to the crew then hugs Joy.
Prepare the ships for traveling back through the wormhole, we are going home, yall, Rann winks at me when the alien crew and one earthling cheers.
I stand from uptight and tense nerve endings, needing to circulation my blood into the tight veins. I move to the small window where the colored streaks of light indicate a pacing speed of the alien ship passing the sparkling ice attacked to the asteroids composing the belt of Pluto. I touch the glass with my four fingers feeling cold, hard, wet, water then tears from my eyeballs.
The tears roll down my fall hitting my extended hand. I am on a ship flying at hyper speed like in one of my favorite science novels as an alien of a new world.
Everything is happening so swiftly dead including the dignities, delegates, aids, body guards, emissaries, King Ken, Ming, and some of the earthlings from the earthquakes, fires, floods, blizzards, tornadoes. Then the ship escapes from the exploding planet and the final visual destruction of Earth, my home.
I feel isolated, alone, strange and kitty-cat curious. I swing from the window wearing my frown of serious mystery, staring at Rann. He pushes buttons on the console located within his command chair. How did you find us earthlings?
He stops then lifts his face, smiling, stands and walks from the command chair. This way, Lady Starra! I followed him towards the corner wall. Rann kneels opening a small door inside the wall toward the floor, a safe. He pulls an object from the inner chamber, a large binder red in color and very thick. He hugs the book, standing, nods to me. This is an old and ancient book that contains all the history of my universe from one day, the beginning of time as they say. The information about Planet Earth of the Milky Way Galaxy was all here, grins.
I view him then the book, frowning with puzzlement. Earth, I dont understand.
He nods walking towards one of the empty stations. He motions to the empty chair as I slide into the seat. He stands over me patting the book, smiles. I found notes hand written regarding directions to Earth, the dangers of the wormhole, the ice belts of Pluto, the Milky Way planets, the radiated atmosphere around the biospheres, descriptions of animals and people, and other exquisite and intriguing details, chuckles.
I study the closed book. Really, the book has written details of Earth from whom.
He nods. Lord Dirk, does that name mean anything to you?
I shake my dirty sweaty curls. No, I do not recall that name. Should I for some reason?
Rann frowns with puzzlement then views the book then me, when I scan the bridge with the alien crew staring at me. I sigh with mystery.
Rann smiles. During our parade did any of the noble or noblette names or titles or appearance remind you of something like a day dream?
I shake my dirty sweaty curls with an ugly fugly frowns. Naw!
Rann frowns with puzzlement. Does the ship seem familiar to you in any shape or form?
Naw!
He exhales. Do any of the alien things seem a tiny bit familiar to you?
I exhale with frustration. May I see this red smelly ancient ripped and tore book?
He frowns then smiles, nodding. Of course, take your time pursuing the contents as we prep the ships for entering the wormhole, hands me the book. I touch the torn fabric binding with my hand. The book is very, very old. I sigh with age.
I drop it on the metal surface. I flipped to the first page, The Beginning
I exhale then flip to the second page seeing the script and detail of the book contained numerous entries handwritten, or typed in different writing settings updating the text. I hover my hand over the black letters then press my index fingernail to the first letter of the first row of the first word.
Rann vanishes into darkness from my eyesight. I see darkness of nothing then lightness of shadows. I see vividly bright colored visions flash across my blurred eyes playing within my metaphysical brain cells like a play with moving and talking actors and actresses.

I traveled from Planet Earth as a drafted Tele astronaut for the first intergalactic outer space trip into a new galaxy. I was required along with other Teles to use my supernatural gifts of Telepathy, Telekinesis, Telemetabolics and Teleclairvoyance being trained by Dr. Peter Martin. The space shuttle entered the wormhole. My Tele mates were sucked out the ship into the wormhole walls. They died. I survived alone on the new planet finding adventure.

Alien time line number one, I lived the role as Lady Starra then I saved Prince Rann. 

Alien time line number two, I lived the role as Commander Starra for King Rex in the same galaxy then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number three, I lived the role as Bodyguard Starra for Prince Rann then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number four, I lived the role as Waitress Starra for Princess Rita then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number five, I lived the role as Warrior Starra for King Dirk then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number sixth, I lived the role as Prisoner Starra for Prince Rann then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number seven, I lived the role as Encryptionist for Empress Rita then something bad happened to me.

Alien time line number eight I lived the role as Empress Starra for Emperor Dirk then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number nine, I lived the role as Kicker Starra for King Dirk then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number ten, I lived the role as Challenger Starra for Prince Rann then I saved Prince Rann.

Alien time line number eleven, I lived the role as Princes Starra for Prince Rann then I saved Prince Rann.

I blink open my eyes, touching the book then smile. I stand and swing to him. I came back to save my prince of the universe, hugs him.
And I came back to save my princess of the universe, he whispers then kisses my lips. We pull apart chuckling and smiling.
I scan the bridge finding my twin daughters. I am back with my twin daughters too, they ran and hug me. I remembered everything all the time lines, all the events from Lady Rosa to Lord Dirk to you and my baby girls, nods and hugs them again.
I still am befuddled. How is this all possible for one person to alter then live in a series of different time lines? Rann frowns with puzzlement.
Jess grabs and hugs the book. The book recorded every single time line plus all the events that Mom created and then participated. The book is the key to unmasking her hidden path of Tele powers. Jess observed.
I nod. Dirk gathered the data from me about Planet Earth in the second time line. He wanted to travel here and destroy it but he could not get through the wormhole. How did you manage to interrupt Dirks notes inside the book?
Rann hugs his girls, nodding. I had a set of very special secret weapons. Our girls possess double set of Tele-powers. They found the notes, maneuvered the ships through the fiery passage way of the deadly wormhole then towards Planet Earth and found you in one shot, chuckles.
I smile and hug them. I am so proud and amazed at your extraordinary Tele-powers.
Jess winks at Jenn then views me. Yeah, our extraordinary power is love for our mother, our daddy, our friends, our citizens, our planets, and our galaxy. With that special power you can be anything your good heart desires, hugs me and Rann.
Jenn winks at Jess. And our mother is the mostest talented Tele in two freaking universes. That reputation doesnt hurt either, giggles with the others.
She is. I be dog-gone awesome, I giggle with the others. The book recorded all the time events that I had created. I dont recall any of nobles or citizens wanting to rescues the earthlings as part of the noble committee meetings, I frown with puzzlement.
Rann nods. The decision was all of us aliens to come to Earth, exhales. Starra, we dont come back to save the earthlings. We came back for only for you, my devoted and loving wife and mother of my twins with a positively, absolutely, hundred percent risk factor, not surviving the implosion of the Planet Earth.
I hug my girls and Rann. I am so happy and sad, views the comlen showing the wormhole towards my new home. My planet. My country. My farm. My overseer
Ty hands me the tore and wrinkled paper. Im so sorry, Starra. I didnt arrive in time to save the citizens on your farm. Your overseer did arrange protection for some of the animals with force fields before the weather overtook the houses and fields. I retrieved all the intact barns with cows, sheep, chickens, pigs, dogs, cats, and horses, nods and smiles. He left a note on your steed Thunderfoot.
I grab and read the handwritten message on a piece of pine wood in red paint silently. I sob with tears. Peace, hope, and happiness for you, Starra always and forever. Rann reads the note out loud for the crew. Tears flow down my dirty pink cheeks when Rann hugs me tighter. Ming loved you very much.
Ming and Maritza were my pseudo parents. I loved them very much. I miss them. I stated.
I am so sorry, sweetheart. Rann whispers and kisses my wet cheek. Thanks, buddy, nods at Ty.
Thank you, Ty. Im very grateful everything you and the nobles could do in this devastating planetary emergency for the earthlings. I will always hold each one that I met in my heart too, hugging my girls. The sensations and smells are so friendly and familiar. I frown at the comlen, shaking my curls. I was supposed to save Planet Earth all this time. I failed, sniffs with tears rolling down my cheeks.
Rann frowns. You were are the catalyst. Dirk was the tool for the catalyst. You and Dirk were connected in space and time from the first time line. Every time you entered and then exited each new time line he and you became both physically stronger and metaphysically connected. Dirk was the only noble aware of you and your origins as an earthling. You changed every thing regarding our universe, Starra.
I nod. Dirk tried to prevent me from changing the universe by unsuccessfully tossing me back into the wormhole towards my real home in each and every new time line. I vividly called these wild acts of pain and suffering, frowns with annoyance.
He wasnt supposed to try and kill you. Dirk was supposed to aid you. Rosa and Rex selected him personally for that paramount task for our universe as the Tele-observer being the first bestest Tele in our universe. Rann nods. As in his evil nature Dirk got greedy, jealous and ambitious. He helped create the mess you started when you entered the universe. Then you had no choice but to destroy the evil monster he became, because of his growing Tele-powers. Dirk acted on his threats of murder and malice. This is the purpose of the catalyst which is stated in the book.
I exhale, shaking my curls. I destroyed your citizens, your planets and your universe each and every time I re-entered the galaxy.
Rann hugs me. You did at that. it was supposed to be like that as the catalyst either, exhales. It takes two to tango. Dirk was the other half of the equation which didnt add up to his liking. He was supposed to possess a back seat role like his mentor Rosa. He refused, rejected, and rejoined the universe now when you sent his flesh and blood into the atmosphere on the moon then you disappeared from our universe. Jenn and Jess figured out where we had been hiding from me, sweetheart, chuckles. He kisses me. And the good part, you have created a new galaxy for us with your surviving people from Planet Earth. Earth was going to implode killing all plants, people, and properties. We saved some of people. You did not fail, you succeeded like always, Starra Starbuck, smile and hugs me.
I giggle, shaking my curls. Please dont tell me this is my destiny.
Rann shakes his skull, laughing. No, it is not your destiny. The catalyst could have been any person, citizen or earthling. Another person could have taken your place as the catalyst. You told me that you did not volunteer. You were drafted by the Earth leaders on this dangerous space mission. You just happen to come along for the ride on the star ship. You just happen to survive the star ship crash. You just happen to become the catalyst. You just happen to be an alien from an alien planet in an alien galaxy, chuckles with the others.
I frown with annoyance, grinning and nodding. It just happens to sound like fate to me.
Starra, you possess almost a perfect set of Tele-talents that saved you, not fate. Im very glad youre a gifted Tele who entered my universe, captured my heart and married me. Rann kisses me.
Ditto! Jess jumps into our huddle.
Ditto! Jenn jumps into our huddle too.
Rann pulls from us. Prepare all the ships we are traveling back through the wormhole to home, when the alien crew plus one earthling cheer. We stroll towards the command chairs.
I frown with puzzlement. How did you get through the wormhole from Bonita then survive the heat and winds of the wormhole. I entered many a time, not surviving.
Jenn slaps her chest. I solved the problem
Jess slaps Jenns collar bone, shaking her curls. Ty and the many smart scientists, me, and her and Dad solved the problem together, sister show-off, giggles.
Jenn smiles and nods. We created a Tele-bubble around the core fleet of ram ships. When we entered the wormhole traveling at light speed the T-bubble got burned and torn away from the fleet. We survived the heat and fire watching from the transparent T-bubble sack. It was so beautifully
Jess frowns with a new fugly ugly distorted face when I giggle. She sneers. And scary, sister-twin
I frown with confusion. How are we to get through the wormhole without burning up and melting like my grandmothers buttered biscuits?
Biscuits, I be hungry, Jenn giggles.
We fly faster than light speed using all the talented Teles on board the remaining ram ships. The fire will be whipping ahead then behind our afterburners. Well survive since your mom is the greatest Tele in two freaking universes. Your Tele-powers will pull the other Teles getting us through the 3,000 degrees of fire and heat
I exhale viewing the small colorful circle in space, the wormhole. Stang, really? I frown with worry.
Jenn and Jess hug and kiss each cheekbone. Double-stang, really, Mom. We all do everything together carrying our family forward for the rest of our days and night.
Rann shoves his girls from me than assist me into the smaller command chair. The happy and joyous family union has been fun and ended. Lets go home to continuous happy and joyous life, sits and says. The wormhole is ahead and very colorful at the moment. Everything is fine, Starra, touches my collar bone. I feel safe, love, joy and peace. He orders. 
Ty says. The fleet of ram ships ready as ordered, Rann. The flaps are checked. The fins are checked. The wings and afterburners are checked. Port and aft thrusters are checked.
The comlen flips to see the outer shell of the ram ship. I giggle. A flying fish with cat whiskers.
Rann says. The wires on the sides of the nose cone are external sensors for guidance. I stand corrected. The ship does resemble a large silver catfish with cat whiskers, winks then frowns. I can feel your nervousness. Im here with your Starra, sweetheart. Im not going to let anything happen to you ever another, kisses my lip. Im a Tele too, he is excited and eager to see the other side of the wormhole.
The nose cone burns with blue flames first then red, second entering the fiery wormhole. I stare at the vipers mouth. Rann is calm and controlled. I glance at my daughters at their duty stations working and concentrating with calm and controlled senses too. I love them so much. I swoon with true love.
The single line of six three surviving silver ram ships float silently in dark cold starry outer space. Rann orders. Everyone assume your posts on my mark of three we punch through towards the other side, our home, when I hold his hand seeing the terrible site of the dreaded wormhole in my gray eyes. The wormhole looms. I sigh frightened.
Rann pats my hand studying the instruments, A perfect day for us.
A perfect day for aliens. I smile.
He taps the comfone on the console of his chair saving his Tele-powers as his voice echoes against the walls. Beware. Be alert. Be gone. Launch.
Our ship leaps through the open hole like a cat pouncing onto a little gray mouse. The nose cone hits the outer heat band jerking the backward ten feet then instantly forward twenty feet. The ship is one third inside the fiery monster.
My physical senses hear, see and smell the ships, earthlings, citizens, the bots and Rann. Rann shouts vocal orders. Bots press buttons. Crew members scan monitors. The alarms sound.
The lights flash off then on. The instruments twitch red then green colors. The metal burn then smoke inside the cockpit of the ship. Rann shouts. Compensate for the veering aft thrusts. We lost the sensors. Stabilize the flips then the fins. Go forward. Pull us forward towards the sunlight get us to the half-way point.
I see the yellow sun, blue sky and white cloud and a green dot beyond the hole. 
Our ship hops towards the edge of the wormhole. I hear the 3,000 miles per hour super hurricane winds howl against the outer shell of the ship then feel the intense 3,000 degree heat burn through the outer skin. I smell the metal soldering eating though the thick metal walls.
Rann connects, links, and Teles to all. Forward. Forward.
I closed my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I join the Teles. Im an alien now one of them too. I push, haul and force the long line of ram ships farther into the heated wormhole. I see the light then the fire then light.
The exit is near. 
The burnt and steaming gooey ship pieces melts through the thick wall then falls onto the floor creating puffs of white stream and smoke. The crew members rush from the sizzling walls and huddle in the middle of the flooring.
The comlens explode from the intense heat into small floating fires. The crew tosses buckets of water calming the blaze. The instrument panels spark then blow up into tornadoes of gray ashes.
The aliens hug each other sweating in the heat and smoke.
I close my eyes. Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Calm. Concentrate. Focus.
I touch Ranns hand, not there.
I blink sweat from my eyelashes seeing Rann on the floor along with the rest of the crew. They have been overcome by the heat and smoke from the burning walls. 
One wall shows the red angry fires forming on the wormholes interior then growls at me.
I gasp. I cant do this alone. I stand dashing to the water station. I physically lift the pail of water then race to Rann tossing the fresh water into his face. Help, Rann. Wake up, Rann.
Rann rolls his skull then eye rolls with a weak grin. Help, I cradle him into my lap. We sit on the floor away from the burning comlens and sizzling instrument and the melting wall.
I connect, link, and Tele our minds with a T-bubble around the ship. The heat burns the T-bubble away as I cringe in pain. Stang, eat the metal then! I connect, link, and Tele our minds then push our T-energy out into the cold dark outer space and grab the winds.
I shiver from the coldness bombarding my mind and body pulling Rann closer into my breasts, keeping him safe and warm. Rann, push, push, whispering into his eardrum.
The sweet cold winds gently blow over the angry heat of the wormhole as the three ram ship hang like beautiful blood red roses from the bush. The cold air sweeps into the naked walls of each ram ship cooling the walls, the comfones, the instruments and the people. They shiver from the coldness in their heated sweat of smoke and heats.
I breathe heavy then pant. I push more cold icy wind into the wormhole as the heat fights with ice not giving up its domain.
I surround the cold wind from last ram ship rear end to our nose tip pushing and shoving the train of ship through the heat and fire. The ice wind settles down the fire storm slowly moving the ships forwards.
Then I shiver and pass out into darkness.
I sneeze then shiver blinking open my eyelashes. I see ice icicles spark like glittering diamonds over Ranns eyebrows then giggle.
I shake my boots, legs, hips, collar bone, arms, and hands then Rann from my body. I struggle to stand on my kneecaps seeing solid ice around the ship.
I press my shaking hand to Ranns mouth feeling his warm breathe then sob with tears of joy.
I gently shove him to the side then wobble to stand.
The cockpit is iced like wintertime picture with every metal panel twinkling back at me. I slowly wobble to Jenn and Jess squatting and touching their frown red raw lips feeling a warm breathe. I sob then smile. I am so thankful to be alive and an alien with my alien family.
I stand then slide to the right then bend my kneecaps for balance. We made it. How in the universe did we make it? Or we have died and are in heaven with the white icy atmosphere, slip then slide left then right over the ice. I hit the ramp button as the metal creaks and cracks dropping the ramp.
I slowly exit shading my eyeballs from the bright sunlight, seeing. I gasp. There are people sitting or standing or digging around the green soil. I slowly wobble to the nearest person, wiping the thawed water from my forehead and neck. 
The young female smiles then hugs me, saying. Youre Starra. I saw your picture on the communication globe on Earth at the meeting...
I gasp. You are an earthling.
She views the sky then me. I was an earthling. Im an alien too like you, now. This is our new home too, now. I nod when a young male approaches us.
He looks fresh and healthy, smiling and nodding. Thank you, Starra. We made it, jumps with lots of energy for my tired bones and red blood shot eyeballs.
The elderly female hisses then spits on the ground. Dont give the princess any credit. She passed out along with the other aliens on the command ship. We had to take over and do all the work ourselves, once the ice wind cooled the heated fire inside the wormhole. It was us that saved our bee-hindies and dont ya forget that girl, shaking her finger and curls at me.
I nod and weakly smile. Yes, maam, I will not.
The elderly male stands beside me, holding me upright with a warm smile. I bet youre confused, Starra.
I drip thawing water from my lips and face in new fugly ugly manner. Totally, sir!
During the pass eighteen years Peter Martin had been searching and training Teles on Earth. We be the only ones that have survived the destruction of Earth. Weve been waiting for your return for almost twenty years, darling. But ya showed up in the nick of time. I only wished more earthlings had heeded the news and believed our fate. That was their flaw. They didnt believe in anything but themselves. When the weather patterns started we had selected a central point for pickup by these great big ships that look like flying catfish with whiskers. I guess that theres about three million or so of us earthling that survived out of eight million. But thats all passed along with the destruction of our planet. We have a new home thanks to you, Starra.
I am happy for all of us.
The young child pulls my skirt. Do we live here, Starra?
Rann shouts from behind me, wiping the sweat from his forehead. He smiles and waves his hand. Welcome to your new galaxy, my new friends. This is not your new world. There are eight other planets for populating. You can pick any planet to live, hugs me. Good to see you wet and smelly like me, princess, we chuckle. Well get everyone off this world for food and a new pair of underwear immediately, winks at me when I giggle. Please enjoy the sunny weather and fresh air until we get the smaller star ships running. Thank you, he pulls me towards the building.
I gasp. I dont understand.
Rann hugs and twirls us away from the people. Earthlings all have Tele-powers, Starra. They just needed to be shown how to use them which has eons like my citizens. Now, our entire universe is a Tele population with peace and joy.

day 5406. my universe. my planet. my warehouse. blue sky. yellow sun. white clouds. afternoon.
Rann leads us towards the building as we enter the empty warehouse. I gasp dropping my mouth then view him. Ya painted it pink, the old Bonita warehouse is pink.
Rann walks to the wall, patting the paint. It was supposed to be a surprise, sweetheart. I painted it pink for you to enjoy our new home. I want to make Bonita our world. Jess and Jenn can rule the universe, without us. Everything is fine, darling, smiles then frowns with puzzlement. What is it?
I love you, a lot. I smile.
I love you, more. Rann smiles then kisses me then pulls back. Youre back.
Im back, foreverly. I sigh with true happiness and love.


The alien end
