The Lion and The Kirna 2002
The Legends of Arria 2002, Volume 2
Courtney Bowen

Courtney Bowen Books
Smashwords edition
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, events, and places either are the products of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously.

THE LION AND THE KIRNA 2002

Copyright  2014 by Courtney Bowen
Cover image: Interior of the Doges Palace by John Singer Sargent 

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced without written permission from the author, except in cases of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

First edition: 2014

Originally written from
(4/19/2003)-(6/6/2003)
Edited in 2014

Other Smashwords books by Courtney Bowen:

The Legends of Arria series
The Smiling Stallion Inn
Servants and Followers
Power Over Death
The Tiger of Light

The Legends of Arria 2002 series
The Knights of Arria 2002

Miscellaneous:
A Song of My Heart
The Sable Valley





Foreword
It was said that when Tichia, god of
Knowledge, first attempted to write a
History of the humans, he broke his
Pen and never attempted it again.
The Legends of Arria
There have been many changes to the land of Arria on the continent of Salarria throughout the ages, changes both good and bad for those who lived through them and would live after them. In the beginning, before Arria was realized, it was simply the land of rocky shores, dark forests, and lush valleys populated by legendary creatures and the small communities of people who struggled to survive against each other. 
Then newcomers arrived from the late, great civilization of Corrica, washed up on the shore and taken in by a small village before they rose to prominence protecting these same people and others like them. They gained the title of Knights of Arria and unifiers of the land against those that would prey upon the weak. 
However, not everyone was fond of this change that brought in the Golden Age, those displaced as rogues and fearful of the power of this new kingdom. But soon they received a champion they called their own to oppose King Corr and all that he stood for- a shadow known as Doomba, whose strength and ability to wield magic was unlike any they had ever seen.
So this too led to change as Coe Pidaria, with all of its treasure, was lost to the world and Doomba built his kingdom in the Wastelands. This ushered in a Dark Age where Arria was plagued with all manner of loss and woe in kings who could not protect their people, in the great creatures wiped out by the evil Servants of Doomba, and in ignorance of all that was past for what was now a present of despair. 
Yet even that chaos lasted only a little while as rulers of light and kings of war managed to collect the kingdom, bit by bit, and unify Arria once more. Doomba retreated to his Wastelands, still present yet absent from daily affairs. With the kingdom together again, though locked in a Dark Age, the rulers tried to advance through conquest of all of Salarria, but that empire lasted only a short while before it collapsed as well. That change brought them closer to understanding that Arria was what mattered most.
Kings of chivalry came into power, following the rules of justice and mercy as the Knights once had done. Then rulers of peace reigned in the ambition of bringing back wisdom and harmony to all of the nations, before honorable kings ruled in the privilege that the royal court gave them. 
However, even that fell apart with languid hearts, and so power returned to the people for awhile, and appealed to their natures and desires in governance. Yet in due course, the people lost their power to the reign of the lords that backed their heirs, the mighty and the grateful becoming the aristocrat and the underling to these courtly whims. 
In all of this time, centuries had passed by, a thousand years and then another. The cycles of monarchy and power went round while Arria changed, yet did not. It was still stuck in the past and unable to advance with the influence of Doomba still seeping in, underneath the surface of all that was right with the world.
Yet that would change and the repercussions of a New Age to come were felt as far back as almost 200 years before it finally occurred. It began when Queen Nina, the only child of His Majesty Japamwa, ascended to the throne upon his death in 2517 DA. 
A young woman who soon married to assure that the future would be safe, she was one of the first in this line that would look to the future, nicknamed the New Kings in a time when Doomba was only just learning of the Prophecy that would be fulfilled to destroy him. But she would bear two sons who would do more to promote the past or overlook it altogether. 
The oldest was King Tilo, who would be known as Terrible, and he would stray from his mothers steps. His younger brother Lord Lamartan would be granted the title of Duke of Coe Kiki and the position of Lord High Chancellor. Yet Lamartan still envied his brothers place. 
Tilo would have a son, King Jarkl the 2nd, the Justified, who would be kept away from his uncle. Jarkls son King Solan, the Slayer, would wreck such havoc in the royal court that not even Solan would know of his relations, much less the other officials.
However, Lord Lamartan and his son Augla, and the grandsons after, would not forget their relationship to the throne, not as long as they could hope to gain the throne with the end of the prominent line. Yet their goals could not work without the support of the only one who might have the power to ensure that change--Doomba. 
They swore to be Followers of Doomba, a family tradition that would continue with almost all of Auglas sons, the oldest Lord Ovla and the youngest Lord Joq, although the middle son Lord Rhia would shun his family and their evils. Lord Rhia even went so far as to intentionally leave his offspring in the dark about their familys history and their link to the throne. 
Still, Ovla would father Kotak and Pavga, before Joq would beget Fobata and Goga. From afar, Rhia sired Lagotaq and Zokla, and they were all raised in this atmosphere of secrecy and betrayal. Of these, while King Sonnagh, son of King Solan the Slayer, grew into a young prince, it was Lord Kotak, the future Duke of Coe Kiki, who would be the one most likely to take over from Sonnaghs demise.
Lord Kotak knew great loss from childhood when his mother Lauri died. His father soon remarried Lady Reni, who already had a son named Ikla that joined the family like one of them. Yet Kotak could not forget his mother; he swore his oath to Doomba under the nickname Crow at the soonest opportunity, still mourning her, although he usually went by the nickname Lord K.
Then, as a young man, he met his bride Lady Hunet and they married before departing on a honeymoon trip down the River Tau. Yet on this fateful trip, they met none other than the Oracle of Endings, the Oracle of the Tau Valley. 
She disclosed to Kotak that if this union should bear daughters, then the daughters children would sever his heritage and bring all to ruin. Despite such ill tidings, he hoped that Hunet would prove fruitful in sons, but three daughters were born in quick succession, the third being sweet Kala. 
When poor Peri was born 5 years later, his mother died, so the father braced himself to defy the Oracle and steer his girls away from all chance of marriages. The two eldest girls, Zanita and Cicu, proved susceptible to such control and never married in what few years they had. 
But when Kala was 10, she learned of her fathers involvement as a Follower of Doomba, which disturbed her. Knowing that he would never be able to influence her now, Kotak sent her to the abbey at Coe Wan, thinking that she would never marry. 
Yet years later, Kala met Sir Minnow at the abbey and when this young couple came upon the lair of the Oracle of the Tau Valley, she heard that any child she should bear would destroy her fathers legacy, thus sealing her desire to wed the young knight. Lord Kotak, angered when he heard that Kala, his once dear girl, had so betrayed him, stewed while she befriended Queen Dita and Lady Niobe. 
But when he was informed that her husband had been killed in a duel by a fellow knight, he was satisfied. For even though he knew that she was already pregnant, she had left Coe Kiki and he did not think the babe would last long when she was on her own.
Kala left Kiki, for it held too many memories of her friendship with the late Queen Dita and her life with her lost Sir Minnow. She set off on the arduous trip to Coe Baba, which she hoped would prove to be a safe home for her babe, her unborn son, knowing that he must have a great destiny. 
For in the abbey at Coe Wan, she had read the old books and had opened the tome of The Book of the Knights, which contained the Prophecy written by Wintha the Wanderer. Now she thought that she might make such words come true, that her son might be the oral or lion of light that would destroy Doomba and so destroy her fathers legacy in this way. 
Thus, Basha was born and when he swore to bring back Taus Cup for Jawen, he thwarted Fobata, Goga, Shama and Wilama. He and Oaka made friends with Fato the falcon, Monika of the Windbow tribe, Jobe the bard and Sir Pacaben, and these Knights of Arria freed the enslaved creatures of the Pits before Basha toppled Doomba with the Black Sword.
In Coe Kiki, power passed on as King Sonnagh fell at Gogas hands before Goga was killed by Prince Womba, who was only then twenty-eight. Womba was soon crowned king of Arria and met his future queen, Lady Mina of Mirandor. Yet Shama fled in the chaos and Lord Kotak evaded any suspicion, even gaining the role of advisor to the young king. Then Kotak was rejuvenated by Doomba and had the hermit known as Yaggee sent to him, all in preparation for his ultimate attempt to gain the throne in the name of Doomba. 
The first eight years of this New Age, as it is now known to be throughout all of the nations of Salarria, have passed and in the year 9 NA, Basha and Monika still live in bliss together in the Za Desert, despite their private woe. But how will the lion of light contend with the knowledge of his kinship to the successor of Doomba?
 
Part 1: To Own Taus Cup and Kiki

Chapter 1: Attack on the Windbow Tribe
As the torches in Coe Kiki were lit one by one in a nightly ritual that had lasted through the centuries, even when General Goga attacked, Lord Kotak descended down into the depths of the castle. He carried a torch of his own even though it did little good to light his way. 
His cold eyes stared into the darkness, the blankness that he knew very well from his connection to the creatures that lived there beyond his small circle of light. Despite being 75 years old, Kotak did not hobble down the stairs with old, tired legs. 
Not many years ago, he had dreaded such long stairs, straining his bones in the descent and even breaking them if he should fall. But with the strength given to him by Doombas fall, he felt that he had energy enough to last for many more years. 
Such energy was necessary for Kotaks future plans, but he wasnt ready yet to make his move. He still had much to learn about his magical powers and there was only one person in this castle who could teach him. 
The old man, perhaps over a hundred years old in truth, had come to him soon after he had gained his new strength and powers. Ever since then, Yaggee had been his wise teacher. At last, Kotak reached the bottom of the steps that led into a long, dark, damp hallway beneath the castles main floor. 
After a few turns, he walked up to a large, wooden door and opened it to a corridor lined with dungeon cells on either side of him. The prisoners in these cells stood up and stuck their hands between the bars, crying for mercy and freedom, but he ignored these murderers, thieves, mercenaries and all sorts of other criminals for now. 
One man reached out and yelled, Ill pledge myself to you if you save me! 
Kotak turned to shout back, Not yet, friend. I may get you out yet if you wait! Just remember that pledge. Youre in my debt! 
The voices grew louder, crying out their own pledges in exchange for freedom, but Kotak just nodded to them all and said nothing more. He knew that it was best to just leave one tiny tidbit and keep the others savoring for more. 
At the end of this corridor, there was another huge, wooden door much larger than the one at its entrance, but this time, the door opened into an enormous room that had been abandoned years ago. Strange wooden and iron implements, covered in cobwebs and dust, were scattered about. However, the dust on the floor had been blazed through, all the way to a wooden trapdoor, by the rooms new occupant, Yaggee. 
Yaggee glanced up from his meditations, glaring at Kotak. Youre late. You should have finished your dinner sooner so that I wouldnt have to wait. 
Kotak shrugged and placed his torch into a holder. Its not my fault. Peri wanted to talk to me, you know. He wanted to know when he should start planning my departure party from my duties as lord. He wants me to spend the rest of my years in silence at the manor or whatever the useless old men do when theyre forced to resign. Kotak rolled his eyes as he grabbed the bag slung across his shoulder and tossed it to Yaggee.
Really? What did you say? Yaggee muttered as he caught and unclasped the bag, glancing inside at the contents before he nodded to himself. Plenty of supplies for the next few days. He especially liked some of the books in there. 
I laughed in his face and lectured him for being such an idiot, of course! You know, Ive thought about disinheriting Peri in favor of my stepbrothers grandson Bolo. He might be a good candidate. Kotak said.
Yaggee placed the bag to one side as he gathered up the trash on the floor and walked to the trapdoor, lifting up the hatch to toss down the trash. He was glad that he had this hole for trash and bodily filth. He closed the hatch and sat down in his former position as Kotak also did. 
Yaggee shrugged and replied, That is not important to me right now. I would have thought that you knew well enough that your family problems dont matter, not when it comes to your plans. It has been roughly ten years since Doomba has fallen and in all of that time, you have done nothing.
Kotak grumbled, I have done plenty, old man, but you have been too absorbed in your own world to see it. 
 Oh, sure, you have taken your lessons, but dont you think that now could be the time to act? Yaggee asked. Everyone is idle and happy, not wary of any threats. Womba doesnt pay any mind to matters of state when he has his wife and child to entertain. What have you done to strike at this weak king? 
Do you remember a month ago when I snuck you out of the palace for a vacation at my manor, you went out to my gardens pick herbs for one of your potions? Kotak said. Well, while you were gone, I entertained a friend in the manors dining hall that had snuck his way into Arria just to see me after I called for him. 
That friend is Shama and although I dont know him as well as I should, I know that he was an old friend of Goga and was once the leader of all of the bandits in the Popo Hills. He still keeps ties with them, despite his forced banishment with a price on his head. He told me that he could gather all of the men I needed for my plan. 
Yaggee smiled and cackled. Oh, Shama is the most glorious name I have ever heard! Tell me, when will he attack Kiki? 
Kotak shook his head. My friend, he will not come to Kiki yet. He still has to take care of my business in the north and by the time he arrives here, he will have no need to attack Kiki! In fact, if my guess is correct, he should be there in the north already, just waiting for his chance! Besides, I have already placed loyal men within the palace walls and everyone else is so stupid that they cant see them, even when theyre hiding in the most obvious place! 
Yaggee frowned at Kotak, questions filling his mind as he wondered what this lord was planning in the north and what he meant by his loyal men, but he did not ask yet. His pupil would have to reveal all of his plans to him eventually, of course, and this old teacher still had to hold lessons.
 
The next morning, miles away from Kiki, Basha yawned and sat up in bed, stretching his muscles before he turned and smiled down at Monika, who had pulled the blanket up to her neck sometime during the night, probably because she had been cold. He chuckled a little, thinking of last night, as he stood up and grabbed some clothes to put on. 
Monika soon opened her eyes and yawned. Morning. Can you throw me those clothes? 
Basha nodded and threw some clothes at her, before turning to wash his face in a dish of warm water for a few minutes. He wiped off his hands and turned around as Monika stood up, fully dressed. 
Basha grinned and stepped forward, planting a light kiss on Monikas cheek, but then the tent flap was ripped aside as Jhia stepped inside. Jhia had been an advisor to Monikas father and uncles, all of whom had been the Kai, leader of all the tribes of the Za Desert, before Monika had been given that honor. 
Jhia quickly bowed as he realized that he had interrupted a private moment, but he straightened again. Kai Monika, a messenger just arrived with urgent news. A group of bandits are ravaging the land all the way from here to the Red Hammer. They burn any lone tent they find and steal any animal, no matter what condition it is in. We think they are outlanders, maybe from the east, but most likely from the west. 
Is there any way to know their numbers, their positions? Monika asked. Do they have any hostages, any member of our tribe taken?
Jhia sighed. There have been several men missing from our tribe, but they probably werent captured. It is believed that there are 100 thieves and that theyre about several miles from here, perhaps waiting to attack us at nightfall. 
Call out all of the men that are around, split them into two groups. Monika said. I will take one group to attack the bandits. You and the others must stay here to keep watch for an attack on the camp. Now, go! 
Jhia bowed and quickly raced off to sound the rams horn, the camps signal for a gathering. When the men arrived, they were counted out by Basha, Monika, and Jhia and separated into two groups, each around 150, perhaps enough to overcome the bandits, and then they rushed off to gather their weapons and their horses. 
The women would stay at camp, although most of them were trained to fight and would use their skills to defend their families if the bandits should attack. A boy brought forth a gray horse for Basha, since Talan was still too tired to go on a trek after only a nights rest. 
Basha was still also tired from his last trip, but in the past, he had gone without sleep for days at a time. As he mounted onto his horse loaded with a pack, a water skin, the Black Sword and bow and arrows, Monika approached him on top of her horse Deja. 
Monika glared at him before he could protest. I am going, Basha. I am the leader of my people and it would be wrong to send them out without fighting alongside them. 
Basha groaned and turned to Jhia. Please tell her that its too dangerous. She obviously wont listen to me! Monika playfully punched Basha.
Jhia chortled. She is my Kai. I can try to reason with her and give advice, but I cant stop her. Besides, she is capable of taking care of herself and if youre really so worried, you can still keep an eye on her! 
Basha gave up and glumly watched as a boy helped load Deja with Monikas supplies and weapons. Monika grinned at the sulky Basha and then signaled her group of to ride off while Jhia and his warriors surrounded the camp to keep guard. 

At that moment, a group of training privates marched in front of the guard barracks at Coe Kiki, watched over by a sergeant scrutinizing their feet. Finally, the sergeant shook his head and halted them as he bellowed, You should all be ashamed of yourselves. I have never seen such bad marching in all of my years!
Deep in the ranks, a fellow snorted. Thats because you dont have so many years!
The sergeant frowned. Who said that? I demand that slug of a private who insulted me must step forward now or every single private here will be punished!
The sergeant patiently waited as in the back of the ranks, a deep rumbling resulted in one of these privates stumbling forward, probably pushed by his fellow privates. But the private composed himself and stomped to the front. The private turned and saluted the sergeant, though glaring at him. The sergeant matched him equally.
You are a disgrace to this whole unit. You might risk the lives of your men and yourself in battle if you dont obey orders! Do you understand me? The sergeant asked.
The private smirked. I understand you loud and clear, sir, but I dont think my friends here think that I am a disgrace.
The sergeant guffawed. Friends! You all arrived here only a day ago. I find it hard to believe that you could have made friends with some of the privates already!
The private shook his head. Thats where you are wrong, sir. We may have just arrived here yesterday, but we all know each other! We have marched and trained together before at the barracks of Wana!
As one person, the privates nodded and started pitching in their own stories, boasting of how they had been the best privates in Coe Wana, that Lord Pavga had praised them quite highly, and had specially chosen them to be moved here. As the sergeant stared at them all, a sore feeling broiled inside his stomach. The impertinent private sneered at his superior. 
The sergeant quickly dismissed the unit and they all walked off together to the mess hall, joking and chatting with each other about the good old times at Wana. They were soon joined by more soldiers who knew each other. 
The sergeant shuddered and walked away, entering the barracks that was now only half full of men. He staggered towards his cot and collapsed onto it as another sergeant looked up from his seat on the opposite cot where he had been polishing his sword.
The other sergeant laid aside his sword and muttered, I bet youre also having trouble with your privates, Gnat.
Sergeant Gnat bolted upright. Oh no, Aman, please dont tell me that your unit is full of them as well!
Sergeant Aman shrugged. Fine, then I wont tell you that just about every private in my training unit is from Coe Wana.
Gnat shook his head. I just dont understand. Why are all of these men here? Who brought them all down here? I just have a bad feeling about all of this, even when theres no reason.
Aman sighed. Maybe there is no reason. Maybe we shouldnt worry ourselves so much. Besides, well soon whip them into obeying us properly.
Gnat nodded. Youre right, Aman. We cant let them intimidate or get the wrong idea about us! Tomorrow, well really give them a good dose of a soldiers life!

From a distance, the warriors spotted a group of tents too lopsided and shabbily built to be Zarien. They slowly approached, watching and waiting for any response. When it appeared that no warning had been given, perhaps because the bandits were asleep in their tents to reserve their energy to attack at night, they sped up, yet tried to remain as furtive as possible, clutching their weapons close to them. 
Thus they half-charged and half crept into the camp and attacked the tents. However, not a sound emerged from the tents, and suspicious, the warriors ripped aside the shreds of the tents to find no one in them. 
Monika raised her head and glanced around before she bellowed and pointed off into the distance. Basha and everyone else turned to see the horde of bandits mounted and galloping towards them, obviously having set up their tents as a trap. 
They grabbed their bows and quivers, choosing some arrows to unleash in quick succession to unhorse a few bandits, but most were still mounted. The sun glinted off of the bandits swords, daggers, and axes, although luckily the bandits didnt have any bows and arrows to pick off the Zariens as they charged at them. 
Monika organized the archers for more effective shots at the bandits and better chances as more men started falling off of their horses. Yet after what seemed an eternity but was nothing more than a minute or so, the bandits engaged the Zariens. 
Basha grabbed the hilt of the Black Sword, which had killed Doomba almost 10 years ago. The familiar surge of power inched up his arm, making him feel like he could do anything. He grimly smiled as he unsheathed the Sword and swung it round, ready to face any that came his way. He turned to check that Monika also had the Blue Sword unsheathed just before the wave of bandits overwhelmed them. 
Basha swept the Black Sword about, twirling the weapon and ducking in a complex dance that seemed to have no end as faces and targets blurred. He almost accidentally attacked a Zarien once, but he realized his mistake and quickly moved away from the man, ashamed for a moment until he forgot about it with the battle. Finally, the wave subsided and Basha relaxed, feeling exhausted as the rest of the Zariens took care of the remaining bandits. 
Monika glanced around at the remains of the bandits. Basha, are you sure that was 100 men? It seemed too easy. It didnt last long enough. Something is wrong.
They started to count the remains and someone announced, We count 40 men, as far as we can tell, but its hard to really know for sure. Still, I can tell you this wasnt 100 men! 
Basha smelled something on the wind and glanced up, noticing a strange cloud forming as he yelled, Everyone, back to the camp! 
They ran and rode back to camp, horses and feet urged to their utmost limits. It almost seemed like the trip back didnt last as long as it had before, but it was impossible to truly tell with all of their fears. 
Soon, the crew under the command of Basha and Monika arrived at the edge of camp and halted, dismayed by the horrifying scene. The tents had ignited and members of the group scattered about to help put them out, but cries were rising from the center of the campground and most of the warriors, including Monika and Basha, rushed over to aid their people. 
Some of the warriors under Jhias command and also a few women were still fighting in scattered groups, but they were losing to the bandits until the other warriors, Monika, and Basha joined the fight in a fury, despite their weariness from the last battle. Arrows soared above their heads as they fought for their lives moment by moment. 
There were many close calls for Basha and Monika, but they survived and watched as the remaining thieves fled, certain never to come back again after such a defeat. Basha took a look around at the charred remains of the camp and the dead as he quietly cursed the cowardly, yet crafty brigands that had planned all of this. 
Monika softly sighed. Well, we cant stay here any longer. Nobody could stand such a place of death. Perhaps, once all of our affairs are finished here, we will seek shelter with the Flying Lizard Tribe if they will take us. I must find Jhia. 
Basha nodded and the couple walked amongst the people, who mumbled amongst each other as they reunited with their loved ones and spoke of their battles in fatigued voices. The couple spotted the old and slightly bloody advisor and rushed over to see if he needed any help, but he lightly pushed Monika aside when she wanted to use the Blue Sword to heal him. 
Jhia bowed and reported, It was a bit of a shock for many when those bandits came out of nowhere. Im afraid to say that some hid, but we cant blame them since they had never seen such terrible things before. 
As you can see, some of the women bravely fought amongst us, but most had to save the children and escape. They will come back from their hiding places in the desert when they see that the smoke is gone. Quite a number of tents have been burned, but the families living in those ruined tents will be accepted into the other tents. The wounded will heal well enough and the dead--it could have been worse, much worse than this. 
Basha absently nodded and Monika said, I suppose so. What about plundering, how much did the bandits take? 
Jhia scratched his head. Well, that is part of the mystery. They didnt take as much as they should have stolen. Yes, they took some stuff here and there, but I just cant understand why the majority of the loot --Ive asked many of the people around here and they say that any goblet, bowl, and cup that they had was stolen. Copper, wood, silver or gold, any and all of those mugs and bowls were taken, absolutely no sense! 
However, when they heard this, Monika and Basha glanced at each other as the thought rumbled through their minds. Basha raced toward their tent, untouched by flames, and tore open the tent flap. Inside, he dug around in the bags, sacks, and blankets that had been tossed aside during the raid, but as he searched deeper, he knew that it was gone. 
Basha still kept searching, his heart pounding and his ears ringing at the horror and rage of what could have happened, what had happened, why so many men and women had been killed. At last, lying on the floor, he found the old rag that had been used to wrap up Taus Cup, supposedly the greatest treasure in all of Arria. But it was still a little hard to believe after so many had lost their lives for it. 
The Cup was gone and so much had been lost. The howl of cold nights drummed through his head while the blood of old hunters raced through his body, old hunters from the time before time that always sought out and kept to their trails.
Basha heard a footstep and turned around to face Monika as he muttered, They took it. They must have known. How did they know? Who were they? 
Monika shrugged and they stepped outside to find Jhia glancing at them. They tried to look casual and hide their guilt, rage, and fears. Jhia was one of Monikas oldest friends, but they had never told him anything about Taus Cup or that they were Knights of Arria. 
Basha went up to Jhia and said, They had to have left tracks. Where are they so that we can hunt them down before they get away? 
Jhia helplessly shrugged and replied, Basha, they have already gotten away. The tracks are at the edge of camp there, yes, but look at those clouds up there. A sandstorm is forming. It will come in about an hour or so, by the looks of it, and then nobody could ever find their tracks!
Its too late. Monika murmured.
However, Basha, if you really want to go through the trouble of finding them, there is a small chance if you are willing to believe in an old superstition come to life. Jhia said.
Monika and Basha glanced at each other, wondering what he meant, but Monika whispered, Any chance is worth it, Jhia, you know it. Weve seen plenty on our travels that might be impossible to believe. Come on, what is it? 
Jhia nodded and explained, To the west, where the River Mila meets the sea, is a small fishing village called Coe Ryn, which has been in the possession of Arria for the last hundred years, despite Pakkas desire for expansion. In any case of war or peace, the people go about their lives, mainly as fishermen, but sometimes there are travelers from that town who pass through here on their way to Pakka. The most recent traveler from Coe Ryn came through our camp a year ago with a strange tale about a man named Ringla. 
The traveler didnt say much about what he looks like, but from his vague descriptions, I believe Ringla is an old man. The traveler said that Ringla came from a distant place and settled in Coe Ryn awhile ago and supposedly if people have lost things, they can just go to him and he tells them the location of the lost object, which is always found. That is all I really know, but it sounds like he may be the only person on this earth who can help you. Do you think there is a chance of finding and punishing those bandits? 
Basha thought for a moment before he nodded. Perhaps there is a chance, if the traveler spoke truthfully. Monika, I think Ill head out in a day or two. Is it possible that you could leave here and come with me? 
Monika glanced around and replied, First, we both have to stay until the funeral ceremony is done. Jhia, if Ringla can give us the answer, it could still be many days before we find and punish the thieves for what they have done to us and take back what is rightfully ours. Are you willing to once more take up the duties of surrogate Kai while I am gone? 
Jhia patted Monika on the back. Ill accept the duty for now until your return, little one. Keep safe, both of you. Be wary and trust your instincts, they never lie to you. Ill make sure your packs are full whenever youre ready to leave.  
Chapter 2: Aftermath and Coe Ryn
Night came and the last wind of the terrible sandstorm from earlier that afternoon rushed by. A small fire burned, but due to the fear of pursuit, the men tending it used special methods to lessen its smoke. With such a small flame, the men gathered around it were still shivering as they scrunched closer to the flickering heat, not saying much as they ate their gruel.
However, a gruff man finally laid down his bowl, growling as he muttered, Wheres our share of the loot? We did all the work today and yet hes still looking at the stuff. 
Another man named Om harshly chuckled and exclaimed, What share could we get out of any of that stuff? Its all trash, nothing in there worth even a piece of copper! 
Something must be wrong with our bosss mind to make us take nothing more than that. We could have taken more food and water since our supplies are running low and some of the girls I saw were quite pretty for barbarians. Yet we couldnt have anything, couldnt touch anyone unless they meant to harm us. He said that he would beat us to an inch of our lives if we disobeyed him! 
A third man barely glanced up as he murmured, What are you trying to tell us all, Om? Are you talking about mutiny? You know that hes still a hard man, even if he is crazy. I wouldnt find it so hard to believe that our boss could beat us to an inch of our lives if he tried hard enough.
Om glared at the third man. Are you a coward, my friend? If you are, then you might get the wrong idea about talking and then I would have to resort to a nasty way of shutting your mouth! 
Quick as lightning, Om slipped his hand into his pocket and pulled out his knife as he lunged forward at the third man. The fellow hadnt even had time to grab his own knife, he just dodged Oms first stab and attempted to escape while the first man tried to calm down Om a little. 
From the shadows, a man yelled, Fellows, settle down! Tell me, what is going on here? 
The men were silent for a moment, but the third man piped up, Boss, sir, Om here, he was talking about mutiny! He called you crazy or implied it, sir! I tried to warn him against it, but he was going to cut my throat! 
Om raised his knife and screamed, Rat, coward, youre nothing! I should have the right to give you what you deserve! Shama, sir, give me that right! 
However, Shama snarled and raised his hand, scrunching it up into a fist as he coldly eyed Om. Om lowered his knife and tried to ignore the smug look on the third mans face since he was already in enough danger. It wouldnt do to anger Shama anymore.
Shama glanced at both of them before he finally told them, The punishment will be as follows. For the next two days, no man here will speak to Om under pain of a beating and he will have nothing to eat except bread in this time. Om, I strongly encourage you to think hard about your existence and try to understand how lucky you are that I wasnt harder on you. However, take heart, for the man who squealed on you will take a punishment similar to yours, although his will only last for a day. 
The third man looked up at Shama in shock, feeling that he had somehow been betrayed when he should have been rewarded. But Om felt a little happier at seeing the other mans obvious dismay, yet he was still enraged towards his leader. Still, Shama nodded in satisfaction that justice had been dealt to each man and he headed back to his tent, leaving his men to mumble amongst each other, yet they avoided speaking to Om and the other man. 
Inside the tent, Shama chortled to himself as he settled down by a pile, an assortment of all sorts of cups, bowls, and goblets, into which he submerged his hand until he retrieved the goblet. It was a golden chalice that still shined even though it was hundreds, thousands of years old, and he grinned at the glow of Taus Cup as he gripped it tightly. 
Such gold--perhaps the goblet really had been formed in the soil at the beginning of the earth, molting into its bright shine until it had been dug out by the gods to make man. Shama had thought it impossible that such glory could fall into his hands when he was an ordinary bandit, even when he rose as a leader amongst all of the hill bandits, until he had been hired by Lord K, Kotak, to capture a small group of children. 
His life had changed drastically from then on, leading up to his alliance with General Goga, the siege and capture of Kiki, but then it had spiraled out of control when Womba killed Goga out of revenge and Shama had been forced to flee for his life. Shama became a refugee, traveling in distant lands like Urgo and Pinal, yet he managed to keep in touch with the bandits in the Popo Hills and, more importantly, with Lord Kotak, who respected him for trying to fulfill his duties. 
Some time ago, Lord Kotak sent men to help him sneak across Arrias borders, giving little explanation as to why until afterwards, when the operation had been a success and they privately met with each other. Kotak told Shama that he was finally ready to claim the throne through certain means, but to do this he needed Taus Cup. He persuaded the bandit leader that the power it offered was well worth the risk to retrieve it. In return, the lord promised him a substantial reward that would make him one of the most important and richest men in all of Arria. 
Once Shama agreed, Lord Kotak went on to tell him the rumors that the boy was now living in the Za Desert amongst the tribes, probably making it quite simple to find the Cup and bring it into his hands. Yet the task had not been as easy as it seemed, for it took many tries and wrong turns in the attempt to find Bashas whereabouts. 
Even when they had gotten the information from a shepherd that they had attacked, they still had to track down the Windbow tribes route. Yet now that they had succeeded, Shama felt greedy about his prize and wanted to keep it. But he was cautious enough not to let his desire overcome him. It was well known among the former Servants of Doomba that Lord Kotak had been appointed as Doombas successor and had probably been given all of his powers. Shama shivered at such a sobering thought, yet he placed the Cup back on top of the pile, the better to look at it. Tomorrow they would still have to set off for home once more.

At that same moment and miles away, the Windbow tribe gathered around a roaring fire, chanting in high voices with drums and flutes adding to their eerie songs. The group swayed about the fire, moving slowly to the beat. Dust thrown into the fire ignited sparks that shot toward the black sky as the chanting grew louder and faster. 
A man stood up and motioned to a group of young men, who slowly nodded and grabbed a body from a pile of the dead. The man proclaimed the name of the brave person who had sacrificed his or her life for the tribe, with the relatives crying out in agony as the body was tossed into the flames. One of the women stood up and sang, 
Take your Windbow, Win Sidabo,
Take your Windbow 
And shoot this soul to the sky!
Shoot this soul to the sky!
Shoot this soul to the sky!
Shoot it high and Sidabo,
Take an arrow and dig a hole for this soul.
Take an arrow and dig a hole for this soul,
This soul of your Windbow tribe!
The flames hissed and crackled as other people took up this old tune that the Windbow tribe had sung at funerals since the creation of their tribe by Sidabo. Monika watched the remembrance from the threshold of her and Bashas tent, but then she sighed and stepped back as the flap dropped back into place, unable to stand anymore. 
Monika sat beside Basha and queried, Are you sure nothing will happen to the tribe while were gone?
Basha shrugged and responded, Monika, you know I cant say for sure and we certainly dont know what will happen if the Cup falls into the wrong hands. We have no clue about its powers, what havoc it could unleash. Its probably more likely that something bad will happen with the Cup than with the tribe, especially when Jhia is watching over things.
Well, youre probably right. My people know how to handle trouble. Basha, well do just fine together on this quest. Well soon find those bandits and the Cup. In fact, it might even be fun, if nothing goes wrong like it did today. Are you tired tonight? 
Basha sighed and replied, It has been a long day, my dear. Too tiresome and terrible indeed. Lets just wait until tomorrow night. Ill probably be better by then. 
Well, thats fine enough. I suppose I can wait for another day, especially when so much has gone wrong today. Good night. 
Basha tried to smile and softly kissed Monika before she rolled over with her back to him. He tried to close his eyes without trying to imagine how upset she might be with him and everything that had happened today. Still, sleep claimed them, although his was troubled as nightmares flashed through his mind, causing him to toss. 
Once, in the middle of the night, Basha opened his eyes and sat up, breathing a little heavily after a particularly strong nightmare that had seemed so vivid. He closed his eyes and tried to think about everything that he had seen. 
There had been birds flying, although he couldnt see what breed they were. A harp had been lying unused in a dank place, slowly aging until hands grasped it once more. A cat hissed at something before turning to face Basha with huge purple eyes. Four of the Swords of Arria were lying side by side, the Swords that he knew, but he watched as they were added on to one by one until all 10 were there and then 10 different hands gripped their hilts. 
In the nightmare, Basha heard a cackle in the darkness, then the burning of a fire coupled with screams. He saw a man rising, as if from slumber, with that familiar sight of Pidaria's towers behind him. In the last part of the nightmare, he saw an old, tall man dressed in black clothes with a black eye-patch covering his left eye as he held the reins of a black horse beneath a dusky sky. 
With such a dark scene, it should have been dismal and foreboding, yet he could not find such a dismal feeling of evil when this old man in black smiled at him, his face creased with laugh lines. Basha sighed and opened his eyes since that was the last image that he had remembered even though he knew that there had been more to the nightmare. Still, such a nightmare had been too confusing for him, too much to take in, so he lied back down and the dream images drifted away once more in his slumber. 

Kotak yawned as he waited for his 45-year-old son Peri to open the door, smiling at his father as he commented, Ah, father, I was wondering when you would get here. Pip and Pim are waiting for you to take them to the park, theyre so excited. 
Kotak nodded and waved to Plin, Peris wife, who waved back with a small, disapproving frown as she cradled Pala, their 2-year-old daughter, closer to her. However, the twins, the boy Pip and the girl Pim, each almost 10 years old, came running up to hug their grandfather, who chortled at the sight of them even as he wondered how his weak son could be the father to these energetic grandchildren. 
The park was a large garden in the main courtyard of Kiki where many nobles and their families took a stroll. A recent addition to the park was a small menagerie with some of the great creatures that had been freed from Wilama and Doomba. Most of the great creatures had spread out all across the land and multiplied quickly, yet their presence affected the environment. After all, many people didnt know how to cope with dragons attacking their flocks or with young, mischievous centaurs stealing all sorts of stuff. 
King Womba was still trying to calm the tension on both sides with tactics like sending a remittal to farmers that had lost livestock and using the menagerie as a sort of hospital and rehabilitation center for sick, weak creatures. Of course, Kotak didnt think that the king was doing enough to ease the adjustment process and might have suggested a different approach to him if it wasnt for the fact that, at the age of 37 years, the king was starting to ignore Kotaks ideas as his confidence as a ruler grew. 
In the first years of King Wombas reign, the lord had handled many of his affairs, but due to some small mistakes, the king had immediately taken control of everything. It was also no coincidence to Lord Kotak that this had happened so soon after the king married Mina of Mirandor, who was already a sensible woman with a good sense of politics. 
As queen, she helped her husband, especially on the matter of dealing with troublesome lords. The lord had no way to oppose her, especially after she gave birth to Wonan as heir apparent, so he just relented on some matters, yet he was still convinced that he could be a better king than Womba. 
Still, it was easy to forget about politics for a short while on the bright morning that Lord Kotak walked into the park with the twins scampering all around him, eager to enjoy the day and talking about all of the things they would see. A baron walking along the path gasped and quickly jumped out of the way of the lord, who, when the children werent looking, sneered at this baron that was no better than a hyped-up common person. 
At the menagerie, Pip and Pim raced up toward the bars of the lion habitat where the great feline snored on a gigantic cushion, old scars from a Trolla whip still deeply indented into his hind-quarter, but the twins grew bored and moved on. Kotak followed at a short distance away, watching as the twins glanced at a pond where a doctor was talking to a mermaid resting on the beach until they groaned and gave up on seeing anything entertaining. As the lord and his grandchildren walked out of the menagerie, they passed by a fat count. Kotak couldnt help glaring at this man that reminded him of Fobata. 
Of course, the former lord of Coe Eela had managed to lose some weight in the past few years and he was absent for the moment from Coe Kiki, but Kotak still hated him. Fobata was now 50 years old and he had settled down to live the rest of his life in Kiki, perhaps in the hope that he would be available to give advice whenever needed. Kotak still didnt trust him not to reveal his secrets from his former evil lifestyle and he would have to eventually gather up his courage to tell or else be branded as a traitor by Womba. 
Still, the lord knew that he might never have to worry about Fobata again if the assassination succeeded and then he would be able to move on and complete his plan. Kotak felt better with that comforting thought, sighing softly to himself before he smiled down at Pip and Pim, who were such exuberant children that deserved everything that their grandfather could ever give to them. 

Monika shielded her eyes as she attached packs full of necessary supplies like food, clothing, water, flint, blankets, weapons and a map of the desert and Arria onto Dejas saddle. Basha briefly rubbed the Black Swords hilt before he sheathed it and put it in the pack beside the Red, Blue, and Stone Swords and the books from the last quest. This morning was the first day of Juli and the season of Suma in the 9th year of the New Age or NA, yet it was also the first day of the Cups Quest. 
Jhia walked up to them and bowed. My friends, good luck to both of you. I hope you both come back home safe and sound with the bandits vanquished and all of the stolen items. 
Thank you for all that you have done for us, my old friend. Monika said. May your life be blessed with water! 
Jhia grinned and, as customary, replied, May you also find water on your journey through life! 
After that, Basha and Monika mounted onto Talan and Deja and rode off towards the northwest. The Windbow tribe followed them to the outskirts of camp, still waving and calling out farewell as Basha and Monika disappeared over a dune. 
Beyond the camp, the Za Desert seemed to continue on endlessly as they rode, halting only to rest. The days passed and sand whirled into the air as the two horses thundered up and down sand dunes, their legs pulsing and hearts pumping with the endless miles. Basha and Monika, feeling the energy propelling them forward, laughed at the freedom of it all, yet still impatient to reach Coe Ryn as soon as possible. 
As the 4th day of Juli arrived, the sand disappeared, replaced by short, stubby shoots of grass dotting a landscape that appeared to be either made of clay, dirt, rock or a mixture of them. With the fog rolling in and the seagulls soaring past on the brine-scented breeze, they reached the outskirts of a small town that, despite all odds, was even smaller than Coe Baba and gave the impression of being comprised of just a harbor and some buildings surrounding it. 
As the sun started to set with the fishing boats returning to the harbor, Basha glanced around at the buildings along the hard-packed dirt road until he finally pointed out the local inn called The Dancing Dolphin. Basha and Monika dismounted and removed their packs, handing the reins of Talan and Deja to a stable boy, a regular sight in all inns despite any rarity of guests. 
Inside the common room, complete with a bar, some tables, and a fireplace, there werent many people and it was easy to recognize that they were all locals as they joked with each other and talked about shipbuilding or fishing. Monika tossed some coppers onto the bar and the innkeeper soon returned with a couple plates of the evening meal, not top quality, but well enough. 
After they had wolfed down their food and purchased a room, Basha asked the innkeeper, Sir, do you happen to know where we might find a man named Ringla? 
The innkeeper blinked and stared at them for a moment before he slowly nodded. Yes, I know who he is and Im certain he can help you with whatever problem you might have. Qik, Eldo, these two want to meet Ringla! 
On the other side of the room, an old man and a young man of 15 years looked up from where they sat and made their excuses to their friends before they walked over. The old man shook Bashas and Monikas hands, his brown eyes staring evenly into theirs as the light reflected off of the flecks of white in his gray hair. The young man stood off to one side, his short blonde hair drooping across his lowered head hiding his cobalt eyes. 
The old man grinned as he told the couple, I am Qik and this is my grandson, Eldo. I am afraid you cannot meet Ringla until tomorrow morning since it is late and the boats have already come back. 
Monika frowned. The boats? Oh, I suppose Ringla lives on an island. I am Monika and this is my husband Basha.
Eldo lifted his head and smirked at them. I hate to be impolite, but how much do you know about Ringla? 
Basha shrugged. Well, we only heard about him from a second-hand account that didnt have many details about him, but they say that he can find anything. Is that true or is there something wrong?
Qik glared at Eldo. Yes, its true. Hell be able to tell you about anything thats lost. Thats the most important thing to remember. Come to the common room tomorrow at dawn. My grandson and I will be here to take you to the port and a boat. 
Basha and Monika shrugged and thanked Qik and Eldo before they gathered up their packs and retired to their rooms, not caring to look back when Qik and Eldo started muttering to each other. It was a simple room with a large bed stuffed with a mixture of feathers and hay that took up most of the space, a table with a basin of water in the middle of the room, and a chamber pot underneath the bed, luckily empty for now. 
As the young couple prepared for bed, Basha shook his head and inquired, Why do you think Qik hesitated? Why did Eldo act so smug about Ringla? Monika, do you think they were keeping something from us about him?
Monika groaned in exasperation. I dont know anything and you probably shouldnt worry so much about them or Ringla. I mean, we only want to hear about the location of the bandits and the Cup. Ringla is the only one who can give us this information. Besides, they seemed nice enough. Maybe Ringla is deformed or something and they think that we might be too rude if they tell us. But we wont let any little thing get in our way, right? 
Yes, youre absolutely right. Well just find out the truth tomorrow morning. Now, we should just get some sleep. 
Monika sighed. Fine, Basha. I suppose well have your way again for just one more night, but youre going to have to face it. We love each other too much to keep away from each other and I want to eventually have children.
Basha gasped and almost dropped his bag. He calmed down. My dear, theres plenty of time for us to have children. Maybe one or two, that would be simple enough, but Im a little tired right now to consider doing anything about it. 
Monika glared at Basha. Look, I understand your fear, especially with what happened to your mother. Yet that was years ago and Ive heard that doctors have discovered new, safe methods of childbirth since then. For goodness sake, it happens every day and all around us! You have to get over your fears or else our life together will become hopeless! 
Basha moaned. It has nothing to do with my mother. It is justnot tonight, especially with all of this traveling we probably have ahead of us to find Taus Cup and avenge those deaths! Now, lets just go to bed and not talk about it! 
Monika growled as she slipped into bed and pulled up the blanket. Basha was too stubborn to be reasoned with. She soon fell asleep, but Basha just sat on his side of the bed, staring at the blank wall as if he might find some answers there until he gave up and slid into bed with restless, dreadful dreams plaguing his sleep. 

The fog rolled in the next morning, as it usually did every dawn and dusk, full of moist droplets that stuck to fishermen heading out on their small boats and shipbuilders hurrying over to their workshops, chattering about deadlines, dimensions, and employers. Yet everyone knew each other and took time to greet each other as they walked or sailed along, breathing in the cool, fishy air. 
As Qik reined in his horses, he waved at a passing neighbor while Eldo stood up in the bed of their wagon, glancing around at his hometown and sighed. Eldo took care of the horses and wagon as Grandfather Qik went inside the inn and led out the couple. Eldo helped them up into the wagon bed, apologizing for the fishy smell, before he told his grandfather to go. 
The wagon rolled down the bumpy road, pulled by two old horses. The haze had dissipated by the time they finally reached a small pier where a fishing boat called The Sea Angel 2 was tied up. Eldo stared at the boat for a moment as everyone climbed down from the wagon. Qik whistled and a middle-aged man emerged from the small cabin onboard the boat.
Qik waved. Hello, Mik! Basha and Monika, this is my son Mik, who owns this fishing boat, though he works as a shipbuilder.  How are the ships coming along? 
Mik nodded. Never better, father. They keep asking for more every year now that they feel safer about traveling and trading aboard in this New Age! Dear nephew, I hope you might give me a hand on my next job. Ive always said that you could do wonders with your woodwork!
Eldo shrugged in answer to his uncles proposition as Qik shouted, Yes, that all sounds good, but dont forget that Ive got these two people here that want to be ferried to one of the islands! 
Mik straightened. Oh, thats right, Basha and Monika, you two want to visit Ringla. Well, I beg your forgiveness already. I dont get enough opportunities to steer boats due to my work, so bear with any clumsiness that I might have in handling The Sea Angel 2. 
They boarded the boat and Mik, aided by his two eldest sons, Eldos cousins, got them out onto the water. Eldo visited with his cousins for a bit before joining the others sitting on a wooden bench along the boats rail. According to Qik, the small boat was heading towards an offshore reef, close to where the island was located, and they would arrive at the drop-off within a quarter of an hour. 
Monika looked over the rail at the dim sea that rocked and swayed the boat. Oh dear, it feels terrible, but at least the ride wont last long. I cant stand it. Basha, are you faring well enough? 
Basha shrugged and mumbled, I dont know, I dont feel-- 
Suddenly, Basha choked and twisted around to heave over the side, though he tried to stifle the sounds of it. Miks sons laughed, but Eldo frowned and yelled at them so that the cousins were kept busy exchanging insults for the rest of the trip over to the island, forgetting about the cause of their fight. 
Basha groaned and covered his ears to block out the noise. He didnt want to board another sea vessel ever again. A few minutes later, Mik cried out and pointed to the island and reef. Mik and his sons scrambled to prepare for the landing, managing to stop and anchor the boat just before it would have grated against and stranded itself on the reef. 
It was low tide so that when Qik, Eldo, Basha and Monika climbed over the side, the water was only ankle-deep as they waded onto the island. Qik and Eldo took the lead as they traipsed past the beach towards the interior of the island, mostly covered by a thicket of trees and shrubs so overgrown that Eldo had to take out his knife and whack at the branches along the trail. They arrived on the other side of the island, facing the open ocean, yet there wasnt a shack or another human in sight. 
Basha looked around. Qik, where is Ringla? Theres nothing here. 
Qik raised his hand. Be patient, he sees us. Hell come once hes sure that everything is fine. 
Basha and Monika were doubtful, but for the sake of coming all this way, they decided to wait a little longer. The group stood together without anything to say to one another as Eldo sighed and kicked at some pebbles, bored already since he had met Ringla before.
Suddenly, Monika pointed out into the distance. Oh my, I think I see Ringla coming towards us.
Basha turned and saw a man swimming through the water towards them, moving quite fast despite his silver hair shinning in the rising sun showing his advanced age. Ringla reached the shore and pulled himself onto the beach as Basha realized that this man had no feet to walk on, just fins. 
Ringla the merman waved and shouted, Eldo, Qik, this is a glorious day! Who are these two friends that you have brought?
Basha managed to cover up his shock, seeing that it could be considered rude, and replied, My name is Basha and this is my wife Monika. We both hope that you can solve our problem. 
Behind the couple and out of their sight, Qik and Eldo smiled, delighted that the couple hadnt acted discourteous. They walked over towards Ringla and he shook hands with Basha and Monika, introducing himself to the couple even though they already knew who he was. 
At last, the formalities finished, Ringla said, Basha and Monika, tell me everything about the lost item so that I can give you its location, but be truthful.
Basha hesitated, not wanting to say that he was the oral or lion of light when that would take some time to explain and he was still uncomfortable about his identity. Then again, there probably wasnt any other way of explaining the Cups disappearance if he didnt mention that and there was Ringlas insistence on truthfulness. Could the merman sense a lie? It was too quiet now and it seemed to him like everyone was waiting for him to give the explanation, but he couldnt think.
However, Monika had also been thinking and now she stepped forward to explain, Well, Basha and I live in the desert with my tribe. A few days ago there was a report that bandits, possibly outsiders, were heading towards us. She explained the circumstances of the attacks, ending with, So many valuables and lives were lost. We must have justice with those thieves that managed to escape. That is why we are here, so that we may ask if you know the location of the bandits and our stolen possessions. 
Ringla stared at them and said, Yes, I know where the bandits are, but what you seek has been taken in a different direction. This is much more than about the thieves, yes? You cant fool me, you know. Many say that my kind can see like the oracles can, and I am no different. 
Eldo and Qik glanced at each other, confused by Ringlas words, but Basha and Monika understood perfectly well. It still surprised Basha how readily he could now accept such impossible ideas, just one of the many changes brought about by his quest. 
Monika sighed. Well, I suppose you know who we are and what we are looking for, which is all the more reason why you must tell us everything.
Ringla nodded. Yes, I know the tale, my friends, and it is not yet over. The fates, fickle with a strange sense of humor in some ways, are still in turmoil about its ultimate ending. But I can offer you two a simple solution without having to consider them. Follow the road to Kiki, the heart of the kingdom and of the new battle that must be fought. Trust yourselves to know when to stand and fight or sway the sword. Be merciful always and all may end well if the fates wish it so. 
Basha and Monika nodded, mystified, but now they knew that their goal was Kiki. Eldo frowned, jealous that these strangers could travel to Kiki without a moments hesitation while it seemed like he was stuck here in Coe Ryn. Then again, his heart was a maze of emotions about Coe Ryn, connected to his past and present obligations coupled with his desire for freedom.
The group was about to head back to the boat when Ringla suddenly called, Qik, may I have a word with you? The rest of you, go ahead, he will come back soon! 
Basha, Monika, and Eldo glanced at each other and wondered what this could be about, but finally they headed back through the thicket. Qik hesitated as he watched them go, yet Eldo was old enough to be away from his grandfather and he would be safe enough with the couple, so he sat down with Ringla. 
Qik sighed. Ringla, I do not understand what you know about that couple, but I guess it must be important. Still, why do you want to talk to me right now? 
Ringla turned to Qik, gazing seriously at him for a moment. Yes, they are important. This is a task that they must take since there is no one else who could accept such responsibility. I fear for what they might learn at the end, for what they might lose, but it must be done. They need help, Qik, any friend that they can receive.
Qik inhaled deeply, but slowly nodded in understanding. Yes, Ringla, Eldo is getting older, I suppose, and this little village isnt exactly enough for him in life. Still, Kiki is a long way away and it sounds like itll be difficult. Do you think he can make it?
Ringla grinned. I have known you for quite a while, Qik. When I was released from Coe Wilama, I traveled a long way down the Tau River and up the coast of Arria, searching for the perfect place to settle down. I was so tired when I reached the harbor here that I couldnt go much farther without drowning, but you and your son Mik on his boat led me to this island.
It was the least we could do to help. Qik said, recalling his first sighting of the marvelous, legendary merman.
The point is, Qik, I owe much to you and your strong family, bound by ancient blood. No distance could truly separate any family like that and the world is nothing for them, really. Eldo, who was so little, is growing up to be strong and powerful, you know. Besides, he may benefit from all of this. A future for him here would not be worthy.
Qik stared at Ringla. So you know for certain that this is his destiny? That he is so vital to these people that he must go? 
Ringla nodded and Qik smiled a little as he imagined Eldo becoming a hero. Meanwhile, the others waited in the thicket, trying to listen to the low murmurs that they couldnt hear, still not talking to each other. At last, they heard footsteps through the brush and Qik joined them, yet he was silent and didnt even say a word to Eldo as they headed back down the trail that they had blazed. 
They emerged on the other beach again and waded out to the reef with the tide rising as they clambered over the boat rail. Mik and his sons hoisted up the anchor and turned the boat around. On the way back, Eldo talked with his uncle and cousins, Basha and Monika quietly discussed Ringlas advice, but Qik still didnt say a word. 
At one point, Basha turned to Eldo and his family and asked, Why is this called The Sea Angel 2? Was there another The Sea Angel before this one? 
Eldo stiffened slightly along with the rest of his family and grumbled, Yes, we did have a boat called The Sea Angel so we named this The Sea Angel 2. The others nodded as well and didnt say anything more.
Basha blinked and shrugged. He had expected an interesting story, but with nothing more to be said, he turned to talk with Monika and ignored Eldo and the others. The young man glared down at the floor of the boat and then leaned against the rail, gazing down upon the black waters while his family avoided bothering him. 
Still, the closer to shore the boat came, the lighter the waters became and Eldo could see all the way down to the mucky floor by the time they reached the pier. The cousins tied up the boat and Mik said farewell to everyone, yet Qik just nodded and walked back to his wagon, soon followed by the rest.
Eldo sighed and turned to the couple as he muttered, I am sorry about my grandfather and my own rude behavior. I dont understand what is wrong with him, but please do not take offense. In any case, I suppose that you two have seen much of the world. Back at the island, none of you seemed fazed in the least about the idea of traveling to Kiki. I bet youre both always ready to leave at the slightest moment.
Monika chuckled. Yes, thats a pretty good assumption. Weve traveled quite a bit in our time, all over Arria in fact. Weve been to Kiki before. 
Eldo grinned. Oh, if I were ever to travel, Kiki would be my first destination! Of course, Ive heard about some interesting sights down in--I dont know what they call the Wastelands nowadays. Might be the Moorlands or the Sonnagh Plains or just the Plains or whatever else, what with the trees and shrubs growing again. Still, if I ever went down there, perhaps I might see Mt. Doomba or the ruins of the castle where Doomba lived. Have any of you seen them before? 
Monika winced slightly and turned away as Basha slowly rubbed her back to calm her from the old nightmares of Coe Doomba. Eldo gaped at them and closed his mouth, not knowing what bothered them, but perhaps he might have been inconsiderate in his remarks, although he did not know how or why exactly.
Finally, Monika managed to lie, No, we never saw them and I dont think we would ever want to see them.
Eldo slowly nodded. Youre right, theyre probably overrated and dreary. Mirandor is supposed to be beautiful and friendly. I heard--
Suddenly, Qik turned and asked, My grandson, are you or are you not almost a man?
Eldo gawked at Qik. I suppose I am almost a man, yet I dont know what that has to do with anything.
Eldo, a man should see the world, go out and find his destiny. This life in Ryn isnt for you, you deserve better, and I cant give it to you. 
Eldo gasped. Grandfather, what are you saying? Dont you want me to stay? Who would take care of you? 
Qik sighed. My boy, of course I want you to stay, I love you. Yet life is bigger than this town, like Ringla told me. Dont worry, I will be able to stay with your uncle in your absence. Basha, Monika, you could take Eldo with you, couldnt you? 
Basha and Monika blinked, staring at each other before they slowly nodded. Well, I suppose we could take him if he wanted to go. Basha said.
Eldo, do you want to come with us? Monika asked.
Eldo hesitated, now unable to think about all of the wonderful things that he had heard about the rest of the world. His mind was swamped by the possibilities of what could happen to his grandfather and home while he was gone. Yet from the corner of his eye, he could see that Qik had an eager, sanguine look to his eyes, perhaps imagining everything that his grandson would see and do, what he could become on such a trip to see the world.
Finally, Eldo weakly chuckled. Of course Im coming. I cant pass up a great adventure like this!
Qik nodded. Excellent, my boy, and tomorrow youll be seeing the world outside this sleepy little town! 
They headed back to the inn with Basha, Eldo, and Monika talking about what they might see on the trip, but Eldos fervor seemed subdued. As they were dropped off, Basha and Monika thanked Qik for the excursion and told Eldo that they were glad that he wanted to come with them, even though everyone was reluctant. So they parted with Eldo and his grandfather not saying a word to each other until they got back home.
 
Chapter 3: Plots and Prevention Methods
Shama stood in front of an inn in Dobila, inspecting his new, fresh group of bandits eager to serve him. When Shama and his old group had arrived in Dobila yesterday, the old group was at last given the chance to be paid a small share of the loot and allowed to leave without being killed for desertion. 
Before his foray into the desert, Shama had arranged for this new group to meet up with him in Dobila as soon as the old group had disbanded, a precautionary method to cover up his tracks. The old group could be a useful distraction if any pursuers, such as Basha, comng after him and Taus Cup made the mistake of following the old group instead of Shama and the real prize. 
Shama had another precautionary tactic as he passed up and down each row, handing out a pile of clothes to each man. Om glared at Shama when he received his clothes, angry that the bandit leader hadnt allowed him to leave. Yet Om couldnt try to desert, not when he would be chased and cut down by Shama. 
Om unfolded the top layer of the clothes. This is a soldiers uniform, from Pinal no less! Shama, how did you get these? Are we supposed to wear them? 
Shama turned to face all of the bandits. As some of you nitwits have already noticed, we will be traveling incognito for the remainder of this trip! I borrowed and paid for these uniforms through the government of Pinal, having performed great services for them during my exile. So dont get your uniforms too dirty! The bandits/soldiers laughed. 
Our alibi from now on is that were a troop of Pinal soldiers who are patrolling this area. This may not be favorable to the ordinary citizens who dont like foreign soldiers, but its not like theyre going to question us. If we should happen to meet officials or what not, none of you have to worry. As commander of this troop, I have the papers that will give us clearance. Eventually, at the other end of the Popo Hills before Kiki, I will pay you all off. You all will be allowed to go free then and the uniforms will be yours to do whatever you like with them. If thats fair enough, then lets practice some marching like real soldiers!
The bandits managed to salute and then attempted a few marching steps. Shama groaned as he compared them to his memories of real soldiers. They needed improvement to face scrutiny from any close observer who knew anything about real soldiers. 
Still, he hoped for now that there wouldnt be any such close observers, that they would only encounter stupid townspeople who would be impressed just by their fancy uniforms. Meanwhile, as the bandits practiced and slowly improved on their mimicry, the retainers that Shama had hired started to load up some wagons and carts with all of the armys baggage. However, only one special retainer was allowed to carry Shamas saddlebag and he approached the bandit leader, holding up the pack to be quickly grabbed. 
Shama shook the saddlebag and, once he felt the weight of Taus Cup banging against the bag, he attached it to his saddle. Shama studied his ranks, noting that they looked passable, yet he could spot the one man deliberately trying to disobey orders.
As Om marched in the opposite direction of everyone else, Shama shook his head. Om would keep being a nuisance for the rest of the trip, but the bandit leader couldnt allow him to leave when he still held a grudge and knew so much information. Shama sighed and waited a few more minutes to see if the group would improve, but finally he grew impatient. It was time to leave. 
Shama growled and bellowed, Halt and attention, men. We still have a few hours of daylight left, so we better move on out! Well be heading south now, so get your packs and hurry up or else youll be left behind! We have a schedule to keep, plans to make, and a package to deliver! 
The bandits had halted, stiffly snapped to attention, saluted, and now they were rushing all about. They gathered up their packs from the ground and juggled their belongings, trying to figure out if they should load them onto a horse, a cart, or themselves. 
Shama scratched his back and muttered to himself as his hand absently started to inch down towards the saddlebag, yet he checked himself. He couldnt bring the Cup out here, even though he longed to touch it and discover its powers. 
Everyone would see it and they would know at a glance that this was a valuable object. Even though he would fight anyone that tried to take it from him like a lion protecting its pride, he didnt want to deal with that right now, especially when he was thinking how horrible it was that he would have to give it up to Kotak. 
Shama sighed and dreamed a useless fantasy of keeping it for himself, but he didnt know how that could be possible. Shama felt glum as he kicked his horse into a trot. The caravan of wagons and then the bandits disguised as soldiers followed Shama. In ordinary circumstances, he would have enjoyed looking back and thinking how glorious he must look at the head of such a troop, but he was too depressed. 
As the bandit leader sighed, something seized his chest and a coughing fit erupted forth, yet it evaporated as quickly as it came. Shama gasped for breath and laid his hand on his chest as he wondered what had happened to him. 
But he had already recovered and it was probably nothing to worry about. He was just fine. He weakly smiled and straightened as he rode through Dobila, leading the bandits as they slumped in their saddles, unable to pay attention to where their horses were going as they coughed and wheezed. 
Despite his growing fever, Om kept just as erect as Shama, grinning as he looked ahead towards the back of Shamas head, imaging what it would look like with an arrow was sticking out. Still, it was just a dream for now, so Om settled instead for trying to think about Shamas odd business. It hardly made any sense to him. 
They had taken so little, yet it was obvious that Shama was frightened about some mighty force coming after him if he had gone to all of this trouble to make sure that an army was surrounding him. Plus, there was Shamas last speech about Kiki and a package to deliver, which they must have picked up during the Windbow tribe raid, but Om couldnt figured out what it was. It certainly must be quite special to go through all of this trouble, so perhaps he would have to find out for himself.

Several carriages that had traveled miles of forest, hill, and valley roads from Coe Wana to Coe Kiki entered the city. Most of these carriages were loaded with luggage inside the cabins, in the outside compartments, and on the roofs. There was even one carriage crammed full of nothing except paintings, vases, and small sculptures that was just a small part of a huge art collection left behind at the home of these noblemen. 
For in one carriage, which took the lead of all the others, sat two brothers in complete silence, staring out their windows at the streets and palace of Coe Kiki for the first, and not for the last, time. Hamil and Cica were the two sons of Lord Chihon, but first and foremost they were the grandsons of Lord Pavga, who still lingered on in life despite a ruined reputation. 
There had been an investigation into Pavgas affairs several years ago when it was discovered that he had provided many soldiers to General Goga, but the rest of the family had been spared from such scrutiny due to King Wombas kindness. Yet, Hamil, who was twenty-five, and Cica, who was twenty, had no high expectations for their welcome. 
Their carriages entered the palace gates and circled around the drive until they came to a halt. Servants rushed out of the palace doors to greet the guests. Hamil and Cica descended and Hamil immediately ran to the carriage where he had brought along part of his art collection. Cica rolled his eyes and followed his older brother, who ordered the servants in the unloading of the valuable pieces. 
Cica sighed. I dont see why our father and grandfather put up with wasting money on all of this junk for you.
Hamil swiftly turned towards Cica. Junk! Ill have you know, my little brother, that our father and grandfather have seen the light of reason in buying all of this for me. It is a good investment, a collection that will grow in value! Look, see that painting over there? It is by a new artist named DaVapo, but I swear that this man will become one of the most famous artists of all time! See how he painted that woman like shes moving. You can see the muscles contracting beneath her skin while her clothes are ruffled! Look at the cloth there, no one less than a genius could paint clothes like that!
Cica scratched his head. Cloth? Muscles? I dont see anything like that. All I see is just some woman holding flowers in a field in that painting! My goodness, I dont see how the value of all of this stuff could rise when the only people that could afford this stuff in the first place are noblemen who should be more concerned with paying for war than for art to decorate their halls!
Hamil chortled. Just you wait, Cica, for this will become the latest trend when all men embrace this New Age! Certainly there was a revival of education and the arts around 1500 DA when most of the chaos had died down with the borders solidified and the University built. But that revival will soon almost be accounted as nothing compared to this New Age! Why, there will be a rebirth in art and education that has not been seen since the Golden Age! I bet they will call it--the Reda, which means rebirth in the Old Language, or they may even call it the Ressanna, rebirth of glory!
Cica rolled his eyes and shook his head, yet he still stepped forward to help his brother unload the heavy pieces of artwork that would supposedly lead the Ressanna. Suddenly, Hamil and Cica heard footsteps approaching and the two brothers turned to see Lord Bolo descending the palace steps. 
It had been several years since they had seen Bolo, ever since their grandfather Pavga had sent away their cousin with the death of Ikla to live on Kotaks money instead of his own. Now it was easy for Hamil and Cica to see that Lord Bolo had enjoyed living in Kiki all of these years since he was fatter and smugger than when they had last seen him.
Bolo sneered and cried, Greetings, cousins, I hope you are both well after all of those long days of travel! I am sorry to say that I am the only welcome party arranged for you both, seeing as how everybody else didnt even know of your coming! Well, Kotak did know, but he was busy with some work and sent me outside.
Cica gasped. I cant believe it. Were the sons of lords. Were supposed to be welcomed here to Kiki!
Hamil growled. Oh, pipe down, Cica. The only reason why they dont welcome us is that theyre all prejudiced, especially when they know what Pavga did to help Goga.
The three men slowly nodded and remained silent before Bolo finally dropped his superior veneer to help carry the paintings. With a load of artwork among the three lords and the rest of the servants, the group trooped up the steps of the castle and inside, heading towards the room where Hamil and Cica would stay for their visit to Kiki. 
While walking down the halls, however, Hamil started laughing as he snatched a letter hanging out of Bolos back pocket. Bolo cried out in alarm as the two brothers chuckled, reading the letter from a count in Pinal singing praises of his daughter with the hope that Lord Bolo might consider courting her as a prospective wife. Hamil and Cica puckered their lips and Bolo nearly threw down the paintings that he was carrying as he stormed away, leaving behind the two brothers and the servants to carry the rest of the load.

That evening, Qik closed the shutters of his window, concerned that Mik had tightly secured The Sea Angel 2 in the midst of a harsh wind and churning sea that tossed about the ships tied to the docks. But finally he turned around to gaze at his grandson Eldo, resting his head on the table. 
Qik sighed. Its been a rough night, my boy. I hope you can sleep well enough. Im sorry it has to be like this, but I still hope that you will go. 
Eldo managed to wearily lift his head. I guess youve convinced me its for the best. What about you, will you be fine? 
Qik guffawed. Im as fit as a fiddle, Eldo, you shouldnt worry. Ill last without you.
Eldo groaned and asked, Why did Ringla want me to go with them? 

Your grandson is lost, Qik.
What do you mean, Ringla? Eldo is not lost.
Your grandson is lost, and he needs to find his way.
Hes just a boy, Ringla, growing up into a man. You should know how boys get when they grow up. Sometimes they dont know what they want to do, confused about all of the choices, so maybe youre just getting that mixed up with--well, being lost. Hell find his own way, in his own time. For a minute, you had me worried.
No, Qik, it has nothing to do with growing up. Eldo was lost long before, when he should have drowned in the ocean as a child. He was too young then to understand why he lived, or how it was possible, but it was because of this that he knew he was different. No one could explain it to him. He was lost, adrift without a purpose until now.
Now? What is different about now? Qik was nervous, glancing back toward the boat, until he realized--You mean these visitors that came today to see you? They do not seem so important, just a couple looking for something, and how could they give my grandson a purpose?
They need help, my old friend, more so than you can imagine, and this is Eldos destiny. He will be found, with all of his strength and courage within him if goes with them.

Qik shrugged and answered, Im not sure, but he said that you would be vital to them, had some future connected with them. He said nothing other than that, but I think it would be best for everyone if you still went. 
Eldo slowly nodded and headed to bed as Qik blew out the candles scattered throughout the room. But then the young man heard a scratching at the door. He rolled his eyes, but Qik was already heading towards bed and didnt need to waste any energy, so he turned away from bed and crossed the room to open the door. 
Eldo gazed down at the old hound with blond fur standing at the threshold, matching his masters gaze before he slowly crept into the house. The hound resisted the urge to shake off the rain droplets since it might make his owner angry. The hound crossed the room, stopped in the middle of the room over the rug, which he circled three times before he curled up and closed his eyes. 
Eldo shook his head and muttered, Lake, you old scamp, wandering off without even a bark and now stinking wet. Well, I hope you get a good sleep, because Im taking you with me on this trip so I wont be too lonely. Its not like Basha and Monika would want to keep too much company with me. 
The hound didnt hear this, already deep in slumber, so Eldo just sighed and walked back to bed while Qik snored in his own bed. The young man managed to close his eyes and sleep, yet it seemed like only a minute later, despite it being hours later in the heart of the night, that he woke up and immediately jolted upright. 
Eldo looked around and realized that his grandfather was gasping, coughing and curling up, yet still half-sleep in his bed. Eldo sighed, thinking that these attacks had been happening too often in the past year. He grabbed a wash rag from his bedside basin, walked across the room, sidestepping Lake stretched out on the rug, and squatted down beside Qiks bedside as his grandfather softly moaned. 
Eldo used the rag to wipe down Qiks forehead, just in case this was the only thing necessary to relieve his fit. Yet Qik was still groaning, so the young man simply placed his hands onto his grandfathers stomach, pushing slightly as he released energy. Eldo felt this energy flowing down into Qik. By instinct, he removed his hands when he felt that it was enough to help his grandfather. 
The old man sighed and settled back into a deep sleep, now completely relaxed without a trace of his small spasm during the night. Eldo shrugged and walked back to bed, although he stumbled several times across the room, exhausted from the energy drain. 
Lake yelped when Eldo accidentally stepped on his tail and then the old hound lifted his head to stare at his young master, whining slightly. Eldo crumpled onto his bed and feebly pulled up the blanket to cover himself before he fell asleep, the midnight incident forgotten as he dreamed. 

In the barracks at Coe Kiki, Sergeant Gnat also couldnt sleep as he sat up and rubbed his forehead, trying to alleviate the pain of a headache that had been plaguing him for days. He looked up and saw that Amans bed was empty. Guard duty, thats right, there was no reason to have imagined that some of the privates from Wana might have wanted to make sure that Aman wouldnt talk. 
Still, Gnat was careful not to make a sound as he stood up from his cot and walked down the barracks aisle before he exited out a door, finally able to breathe freely in the night air. 
After the fearful adrenaline stopped flowing, he glanced upwards at the walls until he finally spotted a sentry fire facing the city. He quickly crossed the main courtyard, kicking up clouds of dust on the carriage drive until he reached the stairs. Gnat clambered up the steps and reached the parapet, pausing once to salute a captain before he started looking around and spotted Aman.
Aman felt someone standing next to him and turned his head, frowning. Gnat, what are you doing up here?
Gnat sighed. I couldnt sleep, headache, and no wonder with all of this business.
Aman glanced around. Keep your voice down. Some of the privates were training are up here for their first sentry duty.
Gnat frowned. Thats odd, usually the privates have to train for a month before theyre allowed up here. I tell you, all of this stinks. You told me yesterday that you had some sort of a lead.
Aman shrugged. I dont know anymore. Im always so tired with all of the yelling. Youve been yelling at privates ever since you became a sergeant, but the last few days have been the first times that Ive ever had to yell at them. I bet my great-uncle Lupo would have known how to deal with them, may he rest in peace.
He was a good man. Gnat agreed. 
I mean, some of them really do know how to march. Makes me suspect that the real ranks of those men are much higher than private. However, its plain to see that they are refusing to obey my orders. They just keep breaking rank and going in separate directions and whatever else. Still, Im afraid to say that the lead was hardly anything, just some odd records here and there signed by a lord. I think the name started with a K or something like that.
Gnat blinked and shook his head. No, surely not. Then again, I dont really know anything about the man, so it wouldnt be right to assume that hes anything like his grandson.
What are you talking about? Aman asked.
Aman, perhaps you should tell this to someone. Have you seen Juna recently?
Aman sighed. Well, obviously I would have told him if he had been around the last few days, but hes been running around too much for me to catch him. Besides, hes only one man and if theres something going on, we would need more men to support our claims to Womba or a nobleman. Im just afraid it might be too late, that things have been in motion for so long that the other soldiers might be susceptible.
Gnat growled. Youre babbling too much, just spit it out. I cant understand what the others have to do with this.
Aman lowered his head. There are rumors going around, quite absurd, but the soldiers who havent been around for too many years or havent really received any attention from King Womba, they do believe. Its crazy, but I think that it might spread throughout the barracks soon enough.
Gnat glanced behind him, wondering if the soldier staring at him right now was one of the privates from Wana. Listen, Aman, we can handle this. We can talk with some of the others. Maybe persuade them to see reason. Well look through some of the sentry sheets, figure out which watch Juna is assigned to, then we can meet--
Suddenly, the two sergeants heard a shout as several guards pointed down at a dark figure on horseback knocking on the gate. Aman and Gnat glanced at each other before they followed the other guards down the steps, everyone forgetting about the dissention between the ranks as they pondered who would be at the gates at this hour. 
At the bottom of the steps, they formed a square round the opening as one soldier stepped forward to open the gate, a bold man to risk himself if the stranger meant to attack. The gate opened easily enough despite its weight and the horse stepped forward while the rider, momentarily blinded by the torchlight, covered his eyes. The soldier quickly closed the gate as Aman and Gnat craned their heads to see who the stranger was as he lowered his hands. They immediately recognized him, yet they kept quiet for now. 
Another guard stepped forward and saluted, recognizing who he was as well. Good sir, pardon our hostile presumption. It is quite late and we had no idea that an honest man like yourself would be traveling at such an hour! You are most welcome in Coe Kiki.
The man nodded. I am Sir Pacaben and my business is to visit with old friends, catch up with our lives and such. Please, I have had a long trip and I would like to settle down, but theres no need for any of you to linger and help me. I can take care of myself.
The guard slowly nodded and stepped away, yet Aman and Gnat noticed how he immediately joined a group of privates from Wana, probably to tell them everything he knew about Pacaben. Luckily, most of the guards had followed orders and dissipated, not paying any more attention to the knight as he dismounted and led his horse towards the stables. 
The sergeants took this chance to privately slip away and trail Pacaben for a moment before they whistled out of earshot of the guards. The knight immediately dropped the reins and lightly turned around, already taking up a fighting stance, but he relaxed and smiled at the sight of Aman and Gnat.
Pacaben shook his head. My goodness, you two gave me a start. I could have--say, you two probably know where Juna is. I got a letter from him a few days ago. He didnt explain much, but he said that it was imperative that I come here. I couldnt understand what he wrote, something about planted soldiers and false records or whatever.
Gnat gasped. Well, leave it up to Juna to be a step ahead of everyone else! Pacaben, was there anything in the letter about a specific meeting between you two?
Pacaben frowned and dug in his pocket, pulling out a scrap of paper that he squinted at using the light of the torches. Well, something about the lion cage at dawn after my arrival. Still, I dont know what he means by that or where such a thing could be.
Aman chuckled, Oh, thats right, you havent been here for a few years. Weve got a menagerie now with some of the mythical creatures. Well meet out here just before dawn and go over there together. Were also dying to meet with Juna and tell him everything even if he already knows all about it.
Pacaben groaned. Youre both not making sense. Whats been going on around here? Ive come all of this way and Im tired, but I still want some sort of an explanation!
Gnat sighed and explained, Look, things arent safe around here, even with the guards and I think Juna might ask you to contact Womba. We dont know everything and people might be listening right now, so let me just say a lord could be responsible for this business. Aman found some odd records signed by a lord with a name that started with a K and even after all of these years, we never took the time to find out anything about Kalas father.
Aman frowned and asked, What are you talking about? Whos Kala and why do you think its her father?
Ill tell you later, Aman, and goodnight to you, Pacaben.
The two sergeants hurried off, Aman, who had never heard what had happened at Coe Wan, still pressing Gnat for information as they disappeared. However, Pacaben stood in shock, wondering if the fates had worked some sort of cruel irony in the differences between a grandfather and his grandson. Still, his horse was nudging him and it was getting late, so the knight led the animal to the stables before he stumbled up to the palace with his packs slung across his back. All he could do was ask Juna about everything in the morning.
With crimson ribbons stretching across the horizon, one of the few times that dawn didnt come with a fog in Ryn, on the 6th day of Juli and the 6th day of the Cups Quest, Basha and Monika were loading their horses when they heard another horse neighing. They turned to see Eldo riding up to them on an old gray horse and were surprised by the old hound following close behind. 
Eldo told them, This is my horse Shadow and thats Lake, who used to be my fathers hunting dog. They arent young, but theyre loyal enough and they can follow both of you well enough. 
 Will your grandfather see you off? Basha asked.
Eldo sighed. We said our good-byes last night and he helped me pack. He gave me some knives as well as a bow and a quiver full of arrows. He said that they were good enough to face anything. 
Basha shrugged and mounted onto Talan, checking that everyone was ready before he kicked his horse into a brisk trot. He wanted to make sure that Shadow and Lake could keep up at such a speed. However, despite their advanced age, they had been well taken care of and still ran well enough and long enough to suit the pace that Basha had set. 
As they rode out of Coe Ryn, Monika tried to start up a conversation with Eldo about herself and Basha and then asked him some questions, but he gave only a few answers and never mentioned his parents. Coe Ryn soon faded away behind them and the smell of the sea evaporated as well, even though Eldo would try to flare his nostrils and inhale deeply to catch a whiff. 
They soon reached the swift currents of the Mila River, too wild to cross, so they decided to follow the river bank in search of a ferry. They knocked on the door of a ferry-house, handed the ferryman some copper pennies when he stepped outside, and the man pocketed the coins. 
Soon, they were all onboard the undulating and wobbly raft, barely able to stay above water even when docked. The horses, Basha, and Monika quivered with fear, yet Eldo and Lake showed no fear as the ferryman cast off the last rope. The young man and dog were certain that this raft was just as safe as any other boat in Ryn. 
When the raft was freed, it drifted into the current and would have immediately been swept downstream if the ferryman hadnt lodged his pole into the river-floor, anchoring the vessel. He pushed the raft across as Monika tried to meditate to calm herself, yet the boat was too shaky to concentrate. She groaned and tried to be satisfied that she had at least learned how to swim during her years of exile from the Za Desert. 
Monika didnt have to put her knowledge to the test since they somehow managed to reach the other side as the noon sun hovered above them. The ferryman tied up the raft to the dock as the humans coaxed the horses off of the raft and through the shallows before reaching land again. Lake bounded ahead and frolicked on the shore before they reached him. 
The group managed to relax and lie down on the ground once they were safe, looking up at the sky while the ferryman checked his raft. Basha stood up and walked over to the man before he left.
Basha held out his hand. Thank you for doing such a fine job, sir. Well probably do business with you again when we head back this way in a few weeks. 
The ferryman cackled, Dont count on it. Many get off the raft, but few ever cross the river again! Well, best of luck to you. 
Basha frowned and withdrew his hand as the odd ferryman cast off the last rope and started the long, arduous voyage back to the eastern bank of the river instead of staying with these travelers. Basha headed back to the others as Monika reached into her pack and pulled out a blanket, food, and other goods, laying it all down before her as a picnic lunch. 
Basha chuckled and sat down, grabbing a loaf of bread. Eldo gave Lake the old dog a slice of meat to quiet his barking. They sat close to the riverbank as they ate and relaxed, enjoying the sun even though they knew that they had a long trip ahead of them.

Faraway to the south, two lone men halted their horses and wiped off sweat from their morning ride as the wind whistled through the tall, golden grass of the Tau Valley. The heat shimmered, sometimes creating the illusion of a figure in the distance. Lord Fobata sighed and looked away from the illusory figure as he now glanced over at his steward Marlo. 
The old steward right now was just sitting in his saddle and gazing all around at the landscape bathed in the golden sunlight of the noon sun. Yet the lord trusted that even now Marlo would be ready to perform any duty given to him, being such a loyal man. 
After all, Marlo had accompanied him from Coe Eela to Coe Kiki when they had raced to warn King Sonnagh about Gogas coming. The old steward could have left at any time during that long trip or afterwards, yet here he was even after so many years. 
Fobata realized, however, that he didnt know much about Marlo, if he ever had a family or anything like that. He had always been just a steward, even in the time of Fobatas father Joq.  Still, Marlo probably would leave soon enough. The past few years had been full of anxiety over Kotak since the man probably saw Fobata as a threat and would eventually attempt to kill him. No one would rationally linger with a doomed man. 
Fobata had sometimes wondered if he should tell King Womba about his cousin Kotak, yet his mind and heart had never agreed with each other to do such a thing, especially when the heart was so persistent that you couldnt betray family, even if the man was evil. 
Fobata was too tired to try and figure it out. Sometimes he felt like leaving Kiki and forgetting about everything. Maybe he would get the chance to live in an abandoned cottage in a nook of the Mila Forest. Of course, that was just a dream and it really was the cowards way out. 
He had to stay to make sure that Kotak wouldnt pay any tricks. Still, he deserved some time to himself now and again and this hunting trip had been just what he needed to relax, even though there wasnt much game here in this area across the Tau River from Coe Jime and far to the south. 
Suddenly, Marlo groaned and muttered, Lets head back to camp, theres nothing here and I swear that there are lions around here. I hate lions, you know, theyre such a nuisance in the Valley since they can hunt anything, including humans. I almost wish that they hadnt been rescued from Coe Wilama and the Pits.
Stop saying such things. There are no lions in sight! Now, look ahead, can you tell me whats that? Fobata asked.
Marlo glanced in that direction and replied, Sir, it appears from here that its a town, surely you must have known that. Do you think we were heading east all of this time and are now looking at Coe Jaja?
Fobata rolled his eyes and exclaimed, No, of course not. We had our backs to the rising sun all of this way! Besides, even if we had been heading east, its not like we would have traveled all of those miles to Jaja in one morning! I dont like your attitude, Marlo, remember your place! Now, it is my choice as the lord that we should head over there!
Marlo rolled his eyes, but nodded and the two riders urged their horses to a gallop across the grassy plan, soon reaching the buildings that they had spotted from a distance, yet Fobata realized that it was too small to be a town or village. They halted their horses in the courtyard the complex while the door of the largest building opened and a middle-aged woman of 50 years, wearing a strange robe, stepped outside as she studied the men before she curtsied. 
Fobata and Marlo dismounted and walked over as the woman told them, Welcome, good sirs, I am Sister Foqwen, assistant to Mother Yamana. You are both welcomed to Coe Wan, a peaceful sanctuary for all women and weary travelers. 
Fobata stopped in mid-stride, his mind reeling back to half-forgotten days when a cousin of his, a daughter of Kotak named Kala, had been sent here. She had been a beautiful woman, even though he could not have told her that because she was his cousin, and she had also been wonderful as a young girl. 
In the past, Lord Joq often had attended Kotaks secret meetings at his estate and he was often forced to bring along his sons Fobata and Goga down to Kotaks estate. But he left the boys alone and almost all of Kotaks children ignored them. Yet, Kala had always been there and had vividly watched as they played many games, clamoring out for a part until she received one and played it perfectly.
Fobata emerged from old memories as he informed her, My name is Lord Fobata and I am deeply honored to come here, Sister Foqwen, but I can only stay for a few hours.
Sister Foqwen bowed and whispered, Thats fine enough, Lord Fobata, we are about to start lunch and we will be happy for company. Follow me, gentlemen, the dining hall is this way. 
Sister Foqwen walked off, followed by Fobata and Marlo as she pointed out to them the many fine details of the building, some of which Fobata vaguely recalled from Kalas letters, until she stopped and opened a door. The door opened into a large hall where the sisters of the abbey had gathered to dine, yet the sisters all paused in their meal and stood up to curtsy when they saw their guests. Fobata and Marlo nodded at the nuns as Foqwen guided them to the head of the table and placed them to the right of the old Mother Yamana as Foqwen sat down to the left. 
Mother Yamana handed out plates to the two men as she murmured, I am Mother Yamana of the Daughters of the Goddesses. I hope your stay is pleasant. Have you been here before? 
Fobata grinned and replied, I have never had the pleasure of being here before, but I hope to come back some other time. I cant see why I didnt come before when I once knew someone who lived here.
Foqwen glanced up from her plate and asked, Good sir, perhaps she is still here after all of those years, would you like me to ask the others? 
Fobata shook his head and answered, No, I know that she is not here anymore, because she left this place many years ago and traveled to the north or so I was told then. For awhile she lived at Kiki with a knight that she loved, but he passed away. Yet Im certain that wherever she is, she is well and happy even after all of these woeful years for her.
Yamana squinted at Fobata and queried, That story sounds familiarI think I used to know that girl, what was her name again?
Fobata sighed and responded, Her name was Kala and she was a relative of mine, daughter of Lord Kotak. 
Foqwen slowly nodded and explained, Yes, we knew Kala when she was here and we were all friends with each other, although I had thought that Kotak was a duke. Still, Im afraid to tell you this, but a few years ago, we received some news about her. 
Her son came back here, wearing the locket that we had given to her. Kala had made it as far as Coe Baba in the wintertime and at an inn, she gave birth to the boy and didnt make it. He had known nothing besides the name of his mother and so we told him as much as we could. But we didnt tell him about what had happened in Kiki, I think someone else told him that. 
Fobata was silent for a moment before he muttered, All of these years, I had almost hoped that her life had become so much more joyous. She had deserved happiness and tenderness. I cant believe she died in childbirth, not when she was always so strong. She was very brave to stand up against her fathers disapprobation and leave her home like that. 
Still, Kotak would have been glad if she had returned to him. But he was too stubborn to try and stop her from leaving, and now he wont ever see her again. Still, why did Kalas son came all the way down here if he hadnt even known anything about his mothers connection to this place? 
Yamana shuddered and frowned as she whispered, Oh, curse my bad memory, yet still I can try and rememberyes, now I recall. He had been on a quest, into the Wastelands. Kalas son was on his way to Pidaria so asyes, to get the Cup, it was his mission. 
He had thought that he lost a member, but later on, a group of soldiers came by with the lost member, who was only slightly hurt. The boy had some other companionsa knight, I think, very handsome and by the name of something like Sir Pacabean? Then there was the bard, a pleasant fellow, and a lovely young woman with long, black hairI think she looked like a Zarien, yes, that sounds like her. Wasnt there someone else? Oh yes, there was a talking falcon. 
Fobata blinked and frowned, the descriptions stirring up his memory, yet surelywait a minute, the talking falcon! No, it couldnt be true, all of those years ago at Coe Eela, he would have know if the young man was Kalas son and Kotakperhaps the news would devastate him, if he believed it, make him question all of his values.
Fobata leaned forward and hollered, The boy, the boy! What was his name, I must know his name! 
Foqwen gasped, slightly startled by such an outburst, but she told him, Well, the boys name wasBasha, yes, it was a lovely name. 
Fobata leaned back and groaned, trying to figure out--no, Kotak had no knowledge whatsoever or he wouldnt have told him to destroy the group of young people when they came to Coe Eela. Still, Fobata was going to tell Kotak. Even if he wouldnt believe that Kala had given birth to the lion of light, a doubt would linger, make him hesitate in using any plan that he could be forming. 
If the doubt was strong enough, perhaps Kotak would think about all of the evil that he had caused. It was a wild fantasy to think that he would reform since he had been evil for so long, but anything could be possible. Fobata blinked and glanced over to find Marlo meeting his gaze. Of course, the steward wasnt dumb, he had listened to this whole thing and had reached the same sort of conclusions. 
Fobata wondered for a moment about Marlo; he had served all of those years with Lord Joq and himself when he was evil, so surely the steward must have also been a Follower of Doomba? Then again, he hadnt even shown any signs of difficulty in reverting to Wombas side at the same time as his lord, so had there been any loyalty for evil? 
No, those thoughts were too distracting. Marlo was loyal enough and he had to leave as soon as possible. Fobata and Marlo leaned over their lunches and hurriedly chewed every piece of food and gulped down their drinks as the nuns tried to hide their looks of amazement and bewilderment at the rush. 
Once Fobata was finished, he inhaled deeply and informed Sister Foqwen, This has been quite an informative lunch and Ill come back to talk more with you, whenever I should have time, but for now I wish you good afternoon. Good-bye Mother Yamana, Sister Foqwen, I thank you all for everything. Come, Marlo, we have to get back to camp before sunset. 
Marlo the steward shrugged and stood up as the nuns nervously watched the two men leave the hall, but they didnt stand up. Fobata and Marlo walked down the corridor of the building for a few minutes before opening the door leading outside to the courtyard where their horses still waited, tied up to a pole. 
Fobata wheezed slightly as he heaved himself up onto his horse before pausing to wipe his face, cursing that he wasnt as slim or as young as he used to be. Why, in his fitter days of fighting battles with Goga in the name of their father Lord Joq, he could have raced all the way through the armys camp with enough energy to spare at the end to leap onto his horse. Still, those days were long gone for Fobata and yet he was still fighting, only now against his own family in the name of King Womba. It hardly seemed like he would ever get any rest in his lifetime.
Foqwen stepped outside and told Fobata, Good sir, I wish you a fair journey and you are still always welcome here even if no one else wanted to come out. Im afraid most of the other nuns are too mild to not take offense at a guest hurrying to leave, but you are a lord and I suppose you have important business to attend. 
Fobata sighed and whispered, Yes indeed, it is urgent business for the sake of Arrias future and I also understand that the nuns were too nervous to comprehend the exigency of my departure. To you, Sister Foqwen, I thank you for your compassion and understanding. I wish you happiness wherever you may find it in your life and a fond farewell. 
Fobata kicked his horse into a gallop, although the horse could barely trot with such a heavy load like the lord. Marlo rode close behind even as he wished that he could stay behind and convince a nun to change her mind. 
 
Chapter 4: Birds and Sacrifices for Love
It was mid-afternoon now and they had finished lunch hours ago so they were already on their way again as they felt the growing heat even though it wasnt anywhere near as hot as the desert. Basha shielded his eyes, glancing up at the canopy of the trees above his head for, just as soon as they had left the riverbank, they had been immersed into the depths of the Mila Forest. 
He lowered his hand from his face and frowned for a moment, wondering if he had imaginedwell, the sun had nearly been blinding him when he had looked upwards, so it probably had been just his imagination. Now Basha turned his head, listening as Monika rode beside Eldo and remarked upon the fine stitching of a patch on his shirt. 
Eldo chuckled and explained, Thank you, its my grandfathers handiwork. He had to learn how to sew after I came to live with him so that he wouldnt have to spend too much money on new clothes whenever the old ones ripped. Grandfather Qik even learned how to cook and keep the house tidy, although his biscuits were a bit hard and dust sometimes lingered. Still, it was a nice home and he tried his best. What about you, whats it like where you live? 
Monika grinned and replied, Well, we live in the desert with my tribe, which is nomadic and the people dont really like staying long in one place. I suppose our home is our tent and even if the ground is sand, there are soft, tasseled pillows that we use to make our beds. The Windbow tribe owns some prized possessions, although the bandits stole most of it, but well make sure that its all returned. Of course, well use theswords sticking out of Bashas pack, but they are dangerous weapons so be careful if you ever touch them. 
Basha nodded; the lie was sort of true since touching the Swords of Arria would cause sores for anyone besides their owners, and in battle, they were quite dangerous for the enemy. Of course, the Swords were acquired on the first quest, along with other items like the books given to them by the nuns at Coe Wan and Major Lupo. The nuns had given them The Book of the Knights, providing details of the quests taken by the ancient Knights along with information on the Swords and handy traveling tips as well as a recopy of The Prophecy in its entirety. 
Major Lupo had given them The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer, which contained other prophecies and also the original copy of The Prophecy since Wintha had been the writer. They had brought the books with them, but now Basha was starting to realize his uneasiness with the fact that they were withholding all of this information from Eldo. They would have to explain everything to him eventually if he was going to travel all of the way with them. 
Eldo suddenly pulled on Shadows reins and lowered his head as he mumbled, Excuse me, but lets just stop for a moment. I wont take long. 
Basha nodded and murmured, Its fine, Eldo, we understand. Youll be able to take your time, well just be waiting. 
Eldo quickly nodded, flushing red as he dismounted Shadow and headed off into the thicket while the couple halted their own horses and dismounted as Lake romped about. Basha opened up his pack and started to check on some things as Monika petted Lake before the old hound yawned and stretched. Suddenly, an ear lifted up and Lake howled as he dashed off in the same direction as Eldo. The couple relaxed, sitting on the ground and leaning their backs against the trees. 
Nearby, Eldo was startled when Lake barked, but he relaxed and nervously grinned at his hound dog before he pulled up his pants and started to button them up. At that moment, he heard shrieking high above and snapped his head up to see something spiraling downwards and falling straight towards him. 
Eldo didnt have any time to react as it collided with his head, causing him to fall and roll head over heels with the force of the impact. He made the mistake of gasping when his head was pressed into the ground and accidentally swallowed some dirt. 
Lake started growling and barking, the screeching growing louder as outside the thicket, Basha and Monika looked up at the noises and immediately rushed in there. After a few moments of searching and worrying about what had happened, the couple reached the spot. Eldo was managing to pick himself off the ground, although he was still coughing out the dirt. 
Eldo managed to point towards a darker, thicker part of the woods as he exclaimed, I saw Lake go that way. I think he was chasing whatever that thing was! I dont know what it was, but it was so loud! 
Basha and Monika slowly nodded and headed off in search of the hound dog as Eldo walked back to the clearing where the horses waited, feeling worn out by his encounter. At least he wouldnt have too face any more excitement. The couple hurried along, following the obvious trail of Lake since the dog had carelessly raced along without thinking anything about trails. 
A few minutes later, Basha was pushing back a branch in mid-stride, but he quickly skidded to a halt. Pushing aside the branch had given him a clear view of the face-off taking place in the clearing ahead. Lake was growling at a small bird that he had cornered, an astonishing cause for such excitement, but the little bird was still screeching and flashing his talons in an attempt to start a valiant fight despite the hopelessness of the situation. 
Monika raced up beside her husband and gasped as Basha hollered, Lake, get back here, leave that bird alone! 
Lake whimpered and gave a final snarl to the bird before he walked away, following the scent of his master Eldo back to the clearing. Meanwhile, Basha and Monika quietly crept forward towards the bird, which squawked angrily, yet the poor thing was quivering. Basha leaned forward and murmured softly, trying to calm the bird while it squeaked and tried to step back, yet he was pressed up against the bark of the tree. 
Monika shook her head and whispered, Poor chick, all alone in the middle of nowhere. I wonder if your mother is up in one of these trees somewhere. 
Basha squinted slightly and muttered, Maybe, but what type of bird is this? It could be a robin or a blue jay, perhaps even a cuckoo. I wish he could talk. 
The little bird frowned and yelled, You idiot, dont you even know what birds look like? Me, a robin? Ha, I bet I could eat them for breakfast! I am the noble falcon, the bird of kings, and not some lightheaded cuckoo! Wait till my father comes, hell mess you up real good, just you wait! 
Basha rolled his eyes and cried, Oh, Im sorry, noble falcon! Of course you can talk, who wouldnt expect the bird of kings to talk?
The falconet growled and queried, Are you making fun of me?
Monika stifled a chuckle as she responded, Of course not, great falcon, my husband wouldnt dare to do such a thing. In any case, were sorry about Lake, but hes a good dog and he probably wouldnt have hurt you. Come with us, maybe your father is over here. I am Monika and this is my husband Basha.
The little falcon ruffled his feathers and told them, I am Frigo, Frigo ofI guess its the noblest lineage of falcons, at least thats what my father always says. I could have handled that dog if he hadnt caught me off guard, but the next time he tries that trick, Ill use my sharp talons and piercing beak to give him a swipe that hell never forget! 
The couple was trying not to giggle, but then they heard a distant yell as Basha bellowed, That sounded like Eldo! Oh noFrigo, how angry would your father be when he found you missing? 
Frigo lowered his head and replied, Well, he would probably be angry enough to poke anyones eye out before he had time to think. 
Basha and Monika gazed at each other and groaned before they ran off. Frigo soared behind them, yelling that he would hunt for them the rest of their lives if his father poked out their friends eye. 
They hurried through the thicket a few moments before the trees cleared and they emerged back into the clearing where the horses were nervously prancing about. While Monika tried to calm down the horses, Basha watched in horror as Lake crouched on the ground and barked at the mess of feathers surrounding Eldo, who was managing to cover his face as the falcon tried to claw him. 
Frigo fluttered forward and screeched, Father, father, stop that! He did nothing to me, here I am! 
With a familiar squawk, the mass of feathers flapped off of Eldo as quick as a flash before colliding with Frigo, father and son greeting each other in mid-air. Basha gasped at the sight and Monika laughed joyfully as Frigos father turned and saw them for the first time. Fato guffawed and lunged forward, ramming himself underneath Monikas arms.
Fato grinned and exclaimed, Monika, Monika, its been such a long time! Hey, could you scratch that spot--ah, thats the place, you remembered! Oh, its been too long, both of you! Basha, Basha, youre looking good! Yes, you have a nice strong jaw. I always said that its a sign of strength! Did you meet my son here? This is Frigo--what? Oh, you already know him! 
Eldo still lied on the ground, but now he sat up and stared at the group talking to each other as Lake nudged him in the back. Eldo ignored his dog as he managed to stand up, frowning a little while rubbing his cheek, feeling the scratch marks that Fato had inflicted.
Monika glanced over at Eldo and cried, Oh, Eldo, I forgot! Fato, this is Eldo! Im sorry, Eldo, Fato just got a little excited and he didnt mean to do anything! Are you hurt? 
Eldo sighed and replied, I only have a few scratches, nothing really. I dont understand what is going on here, although I feel like nobody told me anything about what was going on. Its getting late in the day, so Im going to take Lake and Shadow with me to hunt some dinner for all of us. You all can visit while Im gone. Talk about whatever secrets you have with each other. Ill see you all soon.
 Everyone watched as Eldo mounted onto Shadow and whistled for his dog Lake, who yelped and eagerly joined up with his master in the certainty that he would get some food. The mid-afternoon sun was starting to fade, now dropping more steadily towards the western horizon as Basha and Monika sat around on the ground, waiting for Eldos return as the falcons grabbed a perch on a tree branch.
Fato shook his head and whispered, Ah, lets forget about this Eldo fellow, hes not friendly at all. He wouldnt even greet me properly.
Frigo rolled his eyes and hollered, Father, dont embarrass me. Of course he couldnt greet you, not after the way you messed him up!
Fato scowled and muttered, Watch your tongue, son. You owe me that after all of the worry you caused me. I was flying around for hours while you cavorted in the forest. I was almost certain that I wouldnt see you again. Besides, I cant embarrass you, because youre my son and thus youre just like me.
Frigo groaned and shouted, Oh, dont remind me! Its bad enough that youre likely to attack everyone you meet, but its another thing when you keep saying that you have noble blood!
Basha jerked his head up to glare at Fato. Fato! That is horrible. You shouldnt say such a thing, or attack people.
People as in humans, you mean, Fato said, rolling his eyes.
Wait a minute, Frigo. Monika said, turning to the young falconet. Didnt you say that you were a bird of kings?
Frigo grimaced. Thats my fathers influence, you know. Its his fault that I said that.
Fato groaned. Its not my fault. Its the fault of the medal that I received for my valor in the first quest! The other falcons just took one look at it and assumed that since King Womba had given me that, I was noble!
Frigo snickered. Oh, right! The fault of the medal, thats a laugh. I dont even know a thing about how you earned it, yet even I know that it doesnt make you noble! Mother told me how she met you. You were parading about the aviary, cooing about the medal and the title that you had earned! She said you called yourself Lord Fato!
Basha and Monika groaned, wishing that they could reach up there to shake some sense into Fato, but Monika murmured, Never mind him, hes just an idiot. Were going to have to talk to Eldo and tell him everything. We owe him that, after all of the trouble that happened to him this afternoon. 
Fato gazed down at them and said, Yes and while youre at it, youre going to have to tell us whats going on! Frigo here deserves to hear about the first quest and all of my glorious activities, but I want to know whats going on right now! Did you two get tired of the desert? 
Basha sighed and told them, Fine, well talk about everything, our first quest and whats going on right now, but not at the moment. After dinner tonight, thatll be the perfect time. We might as well start setting up camp right here, its getting late and it doesnt look like well be able to go anywhere else.
 
At that moment, it was also a hot day in Coe Wana and the streets were packed with carts trudging along, loaded down with goods, and throughout this mess, people and animals managed to find a way to squeeze through. However, on one of the streets, it was absolute chaos as the common people tried to scramble and move their carts out of the way of a carriage rolling down the street. 
Lord Chihon glanced out of one of the windows, glaring at the little people as he almost wished that the carriage would run over them. He knew they hated him and his father Pavga even when they owed all of their prosperity to them. Coe Wana had been little more than a village in the woods, but then, many years ago, Lord Pavga had chosen to build his castle here. It was perhaps one of the newest castles in all of Salarria. 
With the presence of a lord in that village, merchants had instantly flocked to Coe Wana and the wealth had just grown for the people until this became one of the greatest cities in Arria. Chihon leaned back into his carriage seat, thinking that his father Pavga was getting too old to properly run the city at the age of 70 years.
He was 50 years old himself, making him young enough to handle matters and old enough to have wisdom not to be foolish. Still, it wasnt like he could take over everything until his father passed away, but it seemed like Pavgas death was taking forever. No matter, he could still manage the citys problems by himself and one of the problems that he had to deal with was sitting next to him. 
Baron Jarbarr was roughly 52 years old, although he never really liked to admit to any real age. Roughly 25 years ago, Kotak made a contract with Pavga, giving him a yearly payment of enormous proportions in exchange for Baron Jarbarr to serve Pavga. Despite the rumors that Jarbarr was troublesome, Pavga signed the contract since he desperately needed the money at the time to finish his castle. 
When the castle was finished, Pavga attempted to send the baron back to Lord Kotak, but Kotak wouldnt accept any offer and just kept sending the money as per the contract so that it wouldnt become void. Thus, for all of these years, Pavga and then Chihon were stuck with handling Baron Jarbarr. It wasnt that Jarbarr didnt follow his duties. He did pay his dues and occasionally served Pavga as his champion whenever the lord fought in battles. 
However, in his private life, the baron was absolutely atrocious with gambling, bar fights, the accusations of women and occasionally some mysterious deaths. So much money paid out to silence all of these scandals and there never seemed any way to end it all. Then, not too long ago, Chihon took matters into his own hands and started rooting around in the old archives until he found the contract. He scrutinized it until he found the condition that Pavga or his heirs would be allowed to release Jarbarr from service at the time that the baron should wed and must therefore be given time to starting a family. 
At this moment in the carriage, Baron Jarbarr was trying to straighten out his clothes as he mumbled, I dont--Chihon, I respect your fathers wishes, but I enjoy my life. Tell me w-why were going--oh, I dont even remember the name of the place.
Chihon cleared his throat, wishing that Jarbarr hadnt drunk those 7 pints before he had arrived with the carriage, but he told him, The place is Wendols Weary Inn and Ive asked around about the innkeepers daughter. Absolutely beautiful, youll love her instantly. Then itll only be a matter of setting up the ceremony while you court her so that shell be ready to agree to the vows.
It was true that Chihon had set up investigations about the most beautiful young women of Coe Wana just as soon as he found the clause in the contract, although he made sure that these were just peasant women. After all, it wouldnt do to look for a noblewoman to marry Baron Jarbarr. Her family would be able to find ways of stopping the marriage and punishing those responsible for trying to create the union. 
Once some possible candidates had been nailed down, Chihon had personally studied the information given to him, checking to see that the women didnt have any problems that would make them unsuitable. Another factor was that the young woman chosen must have an education so that she would be able to realize that she was being dealt a good offer. 
Jarbarr was fat and unhealthy from his wild life. He wouldnt live much longer and then his widow would receive everything. Jarbarrs wife would probably receive some trouble and woe from her husband, but Chihon knew that it wouldnt matter in the end. After all of his investigations, he had finally chosen Ama, the daughter of Wendol the innkeeper.
A moment later, the carriage halted and Chihon glanced out of his window as he muttered, Well, Baron Jarbarr, here you are. Now come on, get out of the carriage, youre going to have to make a good impression on Wendol and his daughter Ama.
Jarbarr groaned and murmured, Im not ready. I dont want to do this. Yet it is Pavgas orders, so Ill do it. Come with me, you can at least give me some support.
Chihon shook his head and explained, I cant be seen, Jarbarr. Wendol might be too flabbergasted at the sight of a lord, but Im sure hell be comfortable with a baron like you. Besides, it would look like that you were being forced by me to ask for his daughters hand in marriage and we want to make a good impression for Wendol. Dont worry, Ill be waiting in the carriage for you and youll do just fine by yourself. Make sure to be charming and smile. Thats the best advice that I can give you. Ama will probably love you instantly.
Jarbarr slowly nodded and inhaled deeply before he reached over and opened the carriage door, stepping down onto the cobblestones. The baron cleared his throat as he entered the inn. It was a clean common room and Jarbarr had certainly seen worst common rooms on his wild nights of quaffing down ale and flirting with women, although there werent any guests in this common room right now. 
However, a man stood behind the bar, gaping at Jarbarr, frozen in position wiping a glass. The innkeeper placed the glass to the side and straightened, trying to maintain his composure, yet his fear and anger lingered and mingled behind his eyes, creating an intense gaze that Baron Jarbarr hadnt expected. Jarbarr smoothed his startled face and walked across the room, pulling out a seat from the table nearest to the bar. He eased himself into the chair while Wendol stepped out from behind the bar and sat down on the opposite side of the table.
Jarbarr leaned forward and asked, Do you know who I am?
Wendol sighed and answered, A man came by yesterday and told me to welcome Baron Jarbarr when he came. So, I welcome you to my humble inn, yet I must say that we arent worthy of your visit. Perhaps you should look elsewhere, sir. I do believe that there are better women for you. I bet you already know plenty of women who would want your hand in marriage. No woman could resist a man like you.
Despite his earlier reluctance to see Ama, Jarbarr now felt slightly irritated. Wendol was being demure, but it was obvious that he was trying to convince the baron to leave. Besides, the remark about the women who would want your hand in marriage--it was a twist of Wendols tongue. The innkeeper obviously knew the rumors about the women that claimed Jarbarr as the father of their babies, although no woman could resist a man like you was just falsehood.
Jarbarr growled and roared, No more foolishness, let me see your daughter! Ama, if youre around here right now, come out or Ill kill your father!
Wendol tried to open his mouth, but Jarbarr had pulled out his knife and leaned forward with the blade just an inch from the innkeepers throat. It was at that moment that the kitchen door opened and Jarbarr quickly lowered his knife before he turned around and gazed at the young woman standing there. He found himself speechless. 
Ama had long legs for her figure and her red hair was also long, although it was tied and pinned up into a ponytail. Yet in some ways, her beauty wasnt the best thing about her. She held herself with grace, not even trembling with such a powerful and dangerous man in front of her. Her green eyes were fiery as she glared at Jarbarr.
Ama raised her hands and screamed, Well, here I am, you got your look! Now get out of here this minute and leave my father alone!
Baron Jarbarr leered and yelled, Yes, what a wonderful thing Ive seen today! My heart is falling in love with you right now and, even if you hate me, I need you! Dont worry, Ill leave right now, but Ill return. You will linger in my mind!
Jarbarr stood up and crossed the room, opening and closing the door behind him while Wendol and Ama remained in their places. As soon as they heard the rumble of the carriage wheels outside, Ama sagged against the frame of the kitchen door, breathing a sigh of relief as Wendol stood up from his chair.
Wendol managed a weak chuckle as he exclaimed, Ama, you were marvelous. Thank you for getting me out of that tight spot!
Ama sighed and queried, It was nothing, father. Just tell me, is there any way to get me out of that? Could we leave?
Wendol groaned and responded, I dont think there is any way. Baron Jarbarr is powerful. He serves Lord Pavga, for goodness sake, and he didnt earn that sordid reputation for nothing. We could try to get out of here, but well be chased down. I dont want to risk being dragged back here and punished. Listen, Ill try everything in my power to stop or delay the wedding. Maybe I can talk with Jarbarr and convince him
Ama growled and turned away from her father, stepping into the kitchen and closing the door behind her. She left her father standing out in the common room, probably still trying to formulate some weak plan. She had known that her father was helpless, for if he had been able to handle himself and Jarbarr, she wouldnt have had to step out there and show herself to the baron to save him. Still, Ama hadnt expected him to be unable to stop this nonsense, yet she wouldnt dare give up hope with the feebleness of her father. 
There had to be some way to prevent her marriage to the old, fat baron. After all, Ama knew that her mother would have tried to save her. She would have done anythingthe young woman wiped away a tear. After that, she turned and opened up a cupboard door as she started taking out the plates that the guests would need for their dinners in a few short hours. She always had a lot of work to do to help her father with the inns upkeep.

A few hours later, Lord Zokla and his son Papia joked with each other about the paintings that they had seen earlier that day while visiting Hamil and Cica in their apartment as they wandered through the palace halls, heading towards the dining hall for dinner. As far as Zokla and Papia knew, the two brothers were just in Kiki to settle some tax affairs and learn more about court life. The lord and son had accepted the explanation and left the apartment, spending the rest of the day visiting other courtiers since they had been recently delegated as a greeting committee for visitors. 
It was just one of their duties, important in its own way since King Womba and the other lords had such busy schedules and couldnt welcome everyone. But they didnt mind when it gave them such opportunities at laughter like Hamils paintings. 
The pair was just turning a corner when they suddenly found themselves face to face with Lord Ompa. Ompa was now 34 years old and the past 9 years had aged him slightly, yet he was still quite young and jovial, except at such times like now when faced with Zokla and Papia. Ompa inhaled deeply and bowed before he sidestepped the lord and son, walking past as they stared after him until he disappeared down a different corridor.
Zokla turned to Papia and murmured, I dont really know what happened all those years ago when I was gone, but perhaps you two should think about making up.
Papia frowned and shook his head as he told him, No, father, I cannot do that. It would be shameful and you do not understand anything about what happened then.
Zokla threw up his hands and muttered, Fine then, Papia, I have tried my best to encourage this forgiveness, but I suppose such a thing will not happen in my lifetime. Now come, what do you think of Hamil and Cica?
Papia shrugged and replied, To be honest, I think little of them, considering their grandfather. I know little about their own character, as this is the first time I have ever met them in person, but for some reason they seem to remind me of Bolo. Are you sure they are not related to Bolo?
Zokla blinked and explained, You know, I dont know. Your grandfather, Lord Rhia, he had a book or so of the family trees of the lords. Your uncle Lagotaq and myself, we often tried to steal the book from him, but he kept it away from us and locked it up in some cabinet. He would tell us, You cannot look in there. It is embarrassing to see the family trees! You should not know of such things, just be glad that I am your only relative. When he died, we once tried to look for the book, but we think he might have burned it. Still, it doesnt matter, because even if they were related, it wouldnt mean much, especially since they arent in line for the throne.
Papia slowly nodded, but he was wondering about that a little. How could his father be sure of such a fact if he hadnt even seen the family trees of the lords? Meanwhile, down the hall, Lord Ompa swerved through the crowds to avoid jolting people as he tried not to think about his meeting with Papia and Zokla. 
For some reason, Ompa was ashamed that they had seen him, but he couldnt quite say why. He just felt that they were too far above him. Ompa sighed, when suddenly his eyes caught sight of a beautiful lady that he had seen several times before, but had never gotten up the nerve to approach. Yet he had to change sometime. 
The lord followed her for awhile and chatted with her a little about the ball that was being planned and would take place in less than a week. The lady just smiled and talked for his sake, although she made certain that she didnt promise anything to him about the ball, for she had no feelings for him. He just wasnt attractive, no real reason why this was so. 
However, Ompas heart was lifting every time the lady parted her lips to speak. He was certain that she was the one who would change his life and make things better, and that she would dance with him at the ball. The lord had always believed that there was a woman for him out there, waiting for him to save her. She would be a real damsel in distress. 
Lord Ompa had never told this belief to anyone, of course, not even to his late father Lagotaq or his late grandfather Malwin. He halted in his tracks and blinked. Now the lord was completely distracted as he tried to figure out if he had remembered to light a candle at Loqwas temple on the 20th day of Juna. 
Lord Ompa had been doing this every year since Goga had burned Coe Wina, lighting a candle on that day in remembrance, even though he didnt know if that had been the date of the attack, but now he couldnt recall if he had done it this year. He started to wander away from the lady, heading back to his apartment for a candle and some flint, wondering if the temple doors had already closed. Ompa hoped that he hadnt just lost the love of his life by trying to follow the vow that he had taken so many years ago, but in reality, the love of his life hadnt even come to him yet.

At that same moment, with the stars and the moon hovering over the entire landscape, the group ate their dinners in the clearing, part of it from the few rabbits that Eldo had hunted down. Eldo sat off to one side as they ate, picking at his food before tossing a few morsels for Lake, but then he moved closer towards them when dinner was finished. 
Fato and Frigo argued with each other for a moment before they finally quieted and leaned down from their tree branch so that they would be able to hear things better. The horses stood nearby, heads lowered as they slumbered, yet the humans and Lake moved closer to the fire as Basha threw another log into the flames. 
Finally, Basha cleared his throat and explained, Eldo, Fato, Frigo, you all deserve the right to know why we are here and where we are going. Its hard to explain and I have to start way back at the beginning for the sake of Eldo and Frigo to understand everything. 
Eldo, you were probably only 5 or 6 years old when the world started to notice a change, a tide of events that ended the Dark Ages and have now brought us to this, what people are calling the New Age. I was 16 years old at the time and living in Coe Baba, so bold and unknowing of what I was doing when I decided to take on a quest, along with Oaka, who could perhaps be called my brother. The purpose of my quest was to win the love of a village girl named Jawen, but how would I win her over? The only way I thought possible--by giving her the greatest gift in the world, Taus Cup. 
That was how Basha began the story of the Great Quest, which he tried to make as short as possible, but made certain to keep several important details in the story. Of course, he couldnt remember everything, but he was helped out by Monika and Fato, who could recall some events better than he could. He told everything about meeting new friends, the events in the towns, the battles, the escapes from bondage, the sorrows and the joys. 
Monika sobbed a little as she tried to tell what it had been like in Coe Doomba, but Basha told her that she shouldnt have to relive it while he brought out the Swords and the books as further proof of all that had happened to them. After telling about Doomba and Pidaria, Basha even went on to relate everything that they had heard about Fobatas troubles and renewals and the siege of Kiki that ended with the deaths of King Sonnagh and the evil General Goga. 
After Basha finished off with his homecoming to Baba, Eldo shook his head in amazement and cried, Oh, all of that almost sounds too good to be true, yet it must be true! Of course, I heard from old gossip and books about Sonnaghs death and King Womba, but none of it could come close to telling everything like you did! Even in such an isolated place, we have heard the whispers about Doombas death, yet nobody came close to recounting the truth! Youre a legend, the lion of light. Perhaps it was for the best that my grandfather made me come!
Frigo nodded and turned toward Fato as he told him, I must say that I never knew you could be so heroic, father! My goodness, you really did earn that medal, though I cant say for sure that you deserve the noble title that you made up. 
Fato growled and muttered, Just you wait, son, Ill prove to you someday that I deserve a noble title. Maybe theres something that I can do on this quest, although I assume that its a quest. I mean, this could just be a trip, but Eldo did mention that the Ringla told you two to go to Kiki so there has to be some special reason why you all are traveling that far. 
Basha and Monika slowly nodded and then they reported the tale of how the bandits had tricked the Windbow tribe and how someone must have found the Cup and taken it. When they had ended the short account, everyone was silent for a moment as they contemplated the seriousness of the situation. Lake whimpered a little, sensing that something was wrong with the humans. 
Eldo sighed and remarked, Someone had to know that you were the ones that had the Cup. Its common knowledge that it was found, but I dont think many people know the identities of the Knights. So, we might have to begin by asking who did know that you two had the Cup?
Monika frowned and replied, Well, there were the lords and ladies of Kiki that had seen us. Of course, we can rule out the townspeople of Baba, they wouldnt have done such a thing. So, our only clue is that it must have been someone from the palace court, perhaps someone that managed to gain information that Basha and myself were living in the desert. It was probably easy enough to learn what tribe we were connected to, seeing as I am the Kai and Basha is the only person living with the tribes that isnt Zarien. Basha, are we positive that Fobata really did recant his evil ways?
Basha shrugged and informed her, Well, I never have trusted him much on that account since he is a coward, although I dont necessarily think that he caused everything. Perhaps he just gave out information about us. That would be more like his style unless he wasnt working alone or had somehow gained power. 
Fato snarled and whispered, Well, I must say myself that this thievery was too evil for any ordinary lord, especially one like Fobata. Basha, are you sure that he-- 
Basha interrupted by yelling, Of course Doomba is gone. I used the Black Sword to fight him until he fell off the edge of the volcano!
Monika nodded and murmured, Basha, everyone at that battle saw him fall, so lets just forget about that possibility for now. However, there is the possibility that Doomba knew something like that would happen, especially with the way he tried to track down the lion of light. He would have been careful to ensure his safety, but its also likely that he didnt want his legacy to be forgotten. Perhaps there is someone out there, once a Servant of Doomba, who could have been chosen to be--the heir. I know its too horrible to imagine as true, but it could be likely.
Basha shook his head and grumbled, Youre right, I dont want to think about it. However, I must know why Fato and Frigo are all the way up here when they should be in Kiki.
 Fato glanced at Basha, but then he nodded and explained, Well, a month ago at Kiki, my wife Jari and I both had assignments, but she told me that I should take Frigo since we were just heading to Wana and she was going to Angora or so. At Wana, I recited some news and since they didnt have any news, I thought that Frigo and I would take a little trip into the forest. I mean, its about time that he should start learning how to hunt and such, because even though he will certainly become a royal messenger, itll help him if he gets in touch with our more natural instincts.
Frigo rolled his eyes and commented, Thats an odd statement coming from a falcon that spends most of his day snoring in a perch at the aviary. He wont get up for anything less than meals and his call to duty.
Fato and Frigo argued, Fato listing the abilities of wild falcons that his son had to learn while Frigo contradicted him, saying that it wasnt necessary when they werent wild or ignorant for that matter. Fato immediately countered that wild falcons werent ignorant, and that if his son would only learn the natural falcon language, he would find out wild falcons were quite intelligent. Down below, the humans grimaced and wished that somebody would change the subject. They just werent interested in the falcon debate.
At last, Eldo blinked and turned to Basha as he asked, Why are we going to Dobila? After all, I would like to see Coe Baba. We could get supplies there. Do you think we could ask Oaka to come with us? 
Basha sighed. Listen, it would be a bit of a detour to go to Baba and besides, Ive visited Oaka several times in the last few years and hes doing fine. Why, less than a year ago, Oaka seemed quite busy with his life since he and Sisila had to deal with a 5-year-old son and a 2-year-old daughter running about, along with the fact that another baby was going to be due.
Aw, good for him, the old monkey! Fato cried. 
I mean, he was just happy with the inn running smoothly. Basha said. Hes chosen the simple life of an innkeeper. He probably wouldnt think twice about going with us. Sometimes Im not sure what he sees about Baba. It now seems so small to me whenever I go back, but he loves his home and we shouldnt bother him.
However, Basha chose not to mention that if they went to Coe Baba, he would be too uncomfortable walking past Jawen and Hastins house, which he hadnt visited for all of these years. As far as he had heard during his visits, they had a lot of children and Jawen wasnt as beautiful as she had once been. She probably wouldnt want to be reminded that her life could have been different whenever she saw Basha. After all, Basha assumed that she would be feeling regretful about her choice if even half of Habalas gossip was true about Hastins problems with keeping a job, even the job that Jawens father had given him, and his fondness of going out at night. 
Monika nodded and whispered, Look, enough talk. Its been a long night and its getting late. Lets just sleep. 
Frigo groaned. Look, Im not even tired, just give me another hour! Father, you could give me another lesson about wild nature! 
Fato snarled. Frigo, dont anger me, using such an educational endeavor as an excuse! Come on, the sun set a long time ago and we have a big day tomorrow. I might even leave you behind if you sleep late because you stayed up late!
Frigo shrugged and tucked his head underneath his wing and his father quickly followed suit. The rest of the group soon put out the fires and walked to their blankets. 
Monika, lying down beside Basha, murmured, Frigo is sort of cute in his own way. Fato seems a lot happier now that he has a son.
Basha ignored her, knowing that her comments werent directed at the falcons, and he remained still until he realized that Monika had fallen asleep. He sighed and closed his eyes, knowing that eventually he would have to give in to the pleas of his beloved, but for now he was once more visited by strange dreams that disturbed him, twisting reality and yet showing a sort of truth.
 
Chapter 5: Injuries, Illness, and Servants
Silts of light peeked in through the curtains on the 7th day of Juli, illuminating a beautiful room with tapestries and pieces of valuable artwork hanging on the wall. A lovely rug made with the finest wool laid at the foot of a large canopy bed with the curtains pulled all the way around, hiding its occupants. 
However, awoken by the light that seeped in, the shadow of a man started to rise from behind the curtains and pushed them aside. King Womba of Arria stepped out of bed and yawned. He scratched himself and turned around to jostle the other sleeper as he murmured, Arise, my darling queen. Your knight in shinning armor awaits you along with this glorious day. 
Queen Mina of Arria, formerly a Lady of Mirandor and around 30 years old, yawned and smiled at her loving husband as she sat up, her long brown hair collapsing down her shoulders and back. Despite just opening her green eyes, her inherited grace seemed to erase all sleepiness at once. Womba grinned like he usually did at such a trick.
Mina grinned and cried, Oh, my knight in shinning armor! She plastered her hand against her forehead. I feel faint, catch me, my beloved! 
Mina pretended to fall and Womba grunted as he caught her, stifling his chuckles. Suddenly, a small boy of 5 years, with his fathers golden hair and mothers green eyes, rushed into the room. When he saw them in such a position, he immediately wanted to join in.
Prince Wonan shouted, Father, catch me! Catch me! 
Womba roughly grabbed his son and groaned as the combined weight of Mina and Wonan caused him to tumble down onto the floor, where they all lied laughing in their pile of tangled bodies. However, at the sound of a knock at the door, King Womba stood up to answer. Mina picked up Wonan and made sure that he was standing straight and that his clothes werent rumpled. 
The king opened the door to reveal Kotak. Queen Mina sighed and told her son to go off to the dinning hall, so the young boy ran out of the room as she warily eyed Lord Kotak, but the lord paid her no heed and stepped into the room without being asked. 
Womba cleared his throat and asked, Good day, Kotak, what are you doing here so early? I was expecting Fobata, is he still on his journey? 
Kotak sighed and answered, Unfortunately, there has been no word from him yet, but he will probably be here tomorrow or the day after. However, business cant wait for him, so I have taken the duty to help you with these business reports concerning the charities. Now, according to this document, an orphanage in the Popo Hills is demanding a certain amount of money to help take care of the children. Am I right to assume that well send the funding to them? 
Womba started to glance around the room for a pen, but Queen Mina snatched the report and quickly scanned it. Kotak rolled his eyes and felt like grumbling, yet he couldnt complain or else the queen might immediately accuse him of hiding something. Womba glanced over at his wife, uncertain if he should intervene or not, but he decided that he should allow her to pass her own judgement this time.
Mina frowned when she finished and glared at Kotak. Kotak, what is this? This paper doesnt appear to be the proper form for donations to the nonprofit organizations. According to the guidance used to make official documents, this is supposed to have black ink, not blue ink. The code of this organization is off the chart. An orphanage is supposed to be 91.4.01, but this is much higher than that. Plus, theyre asking for 1,000 gold coins. They want too much money, this cant be real! Kotak, do you want me to check out the information on this document or will you just drop it? 
Womba politely applauded Minas deductions as Kotak growled and snatched the paper out of her hand before he spun around and left. The lord stomped down the hall, muttering to himself as he passed by the hidden guards flanking the kings door, hidden even to the kings knowledge. 
Kotak had set them to keep watch on Womba for the past month so that they would be able to stop anyone that attempted to warn him about the plots contrived against him. Yesterday alone, these guards had twice faced and turned away a single loyal knight. It would have amazed Womba if he had known that some of his privates were doing this. 
Even now, it made Kotak grin at the genius of his scheme to bring down these privates from Coe Wana. There had been so many papers slipped underneath Wombas nose throughout the years to help fulfill it. The king hadnt even read them fully, he had simply signed them in his personal office before the lord managed to procure them again and send them on the long journey to Wana. 
Not even Mina had realized that such a process was occurring. Yet now things were starting to change, Queen Mina was interfering more and more with her husbands business as her confidence as queen grew. Yet it was already too late for the most part and soon, it would be time to turn the tables on all of them. 
Lord Kotak chuckled. Someday, Ill take the palace if I have to do it alone! I swear that on that day, her Majesty will not stand in my way ever again! 
Suddenly, there was a clatter and Kotak twisted his head, holding up a hand to warn the guards to hold steady. A few feet away from the lord, a servant was bending down to pick up a plate that he had just dropped from his cart. However, it was a plate amazingly clean of smears or crumbs, there wasnt even any food on the floor, and the servant seemed to have a natural poise even when he was bending. 
Lord Kotak sneered. He should have known that the knight would start to wear disguises. But then the lord started to whistle a tune, the signal for advancement, as he walked past the servant. The servant, after straightening, gripped the bar of the cart and watched Kotak before he started to follow him. The squeak of the rolling carts wheels obscured the soft footsteps of the guards flocking around the servant. Lord Kotak didnt even look back as he continued, heading towards the stairway to begin his long trip down to Yaggees room near the dungeons where he would have his lesson before breakfast. 
While Kotak considered the coming lesson and wondered if his assassins had already killed Fobata, the guards had completely surrounded the man wearing the servants uniform. Now one guard reached forward and tapped his shoulder. Pacaben sighed, wondering if this was a courtier asking for service, and turned around, frozen in place at the sight of so many armed men around him when he didnt have his sword. He should have known the guards would find him again.
Pacaben gulped and whispered, Men, I must say that this was a cowardly outmaneuver and you will be punished for serving a traitor.
A guard shook his head and explained, Sir knight, twice before we have thwarted your meeting with the king and on those two times we did warn you. Im afraid that were going to have to get a little rough on this third time.
The guards chortled and seized him as a group, lifting him off the floor. As he struggled, they carried him to the top of the servants stairs, hidden from the view of nobles in a secluded spot. The servants stairs were especially built so that servants didnt have to deal with any winding hallways or stairways and just had a direct passage from the kitchen to this third-level corridor that had most of the private apartments. 
Pacaben grimaced and closed his eyes as the guards hurled him down the steps with a momentum that kept him tumbling down three levels of stairs as his body crashed against the walls and scraped against the steps. Down in the kitchens, the few servants that were awake and cooking breakfast now turned their heads toward the stairs at the racket. But they didnt step forward to investigate, it was easy enough to tell that something was coming down and wouldnt be stopped. 
Gnat was also in the kitchens. He had accompanied Pacaben to cover this area in case any privates should attempt to attack the knight from this direction. But now the sergeant was quite aware that they obviously hadnt chosen this direction. He rushed over to the foot of the stairs and arrived just in time to catch Pacaben, who would surely have cracked his head if he had landed on the hard stone floor of the kitchens. 
The servants now surged over to find out what was going on, but Gnat pushed past them and out the door leading to the kitchen gardens. He heaved slightly with the heavy burden of the unconscious knight slung over his shoulder. 
The kitchen gardens contained the orchard, the vegetable garden, and the herb garden that supplied so much food for the courtiers. But the gardener and some servants were yelling and coming after them. He shifted Sir Pacabens weight and wished that everything could disappear. He hadnt felt this nervous since he had twice faced death at the hands of Trollas. Oaka and Aman had saved him at those times, but now it was left to him to save himself and the knight. 
Gnat inhaled deeply and tried to tell himself that this was just a game, which relaxed him enough. He dodged the servants that tried to jump out at him and maintained a firm grip on the heavy, slack bulk of Pacaben, dragging him along through the garden. At last, he reached the edge of the garden that pressed along the wall. For a moment, he regretted having to leave like this, sneaking out of the palace grounds through a side door like a criminal. 
But there was no way that he could return to the barracks. The privates were in control. If he returned there with Pacaben in such a condition, they would surely be killed and not even the few men loyal to King Womba could stop that from happening. No, there was no other choice, they had to leave. At least he knew where to go; when he, Aman, and Pacaben had met with Major Juna yesterday at dawn by the lion cage, the major had told them the location of headquarters. 
Whenever the privates should pose the question of loyalty out in the open, any staunch follower of the king would be led to a clandestine and private manor in the middle of the city, which had once belonged to a merchant years ago until the major had fixed it up. Of course, the manor wasnt exactly ready yet, but even now Juna was there and working to get it so. He would probably be able to welcome Gnat and get a doctor to check on Pacaben. 
So, knowing that Aman would understand and would follow them to the manor in a few short days, Gnat crept out of the side door and luckily found that the street on the other side was empty. He closed the door behind him and hurried over to an alley. The knight moaned on his shoulder, but the sergeant ignored him for now as he tried to recall the directions to the street of Junas manor.

When Kotak had been wondering if the assassins had already killed Fobata, he hadnt assumed that his plans could have gone awry, but such a thing had indeed happened. Yesterday, with the lunchtime delay at the abbey, Fobata and Marlo were too far away from camp when sunset came. So they unrolled a few blankets and settled down to sleep on the hard ground without shelter and hardly anything to eat. 
Still, Fobata was in good spirits, imaging Kotaks dismay at the news that would make him hesitate in putting any plots into action. But he was also trying to figure out if, the last time that he had met Basha, the young man had resembled Kala. Of course, it had been many years since he had seen Basha or even Kala for that matter, but the lord hoped that if he ever met the young man again, he might find some resemblance between mother and son. 
The next morning, Fobata and Marlo woke up and packed up what little they had taken out before mounting onto their horses to ride hard across the plains. Roughly three hours later, they reached their camp and halted, staring in horror at the tents torn down and the bodies of the retainers that Fobata had taken on his hunting trip. They were all lying scattered about in heaps while the buzzards circled high above.
Marlo managed to gulp down some vomit and asked, So, Fobata, what do you think happened? 
Fobata dismounted from his horse and staggered forward, trying to tell himself that it had just been some lions. The beasts could have knocked down all of the tents in their rush to pounce on their prey, but then again, none of the dead had been eaten. However, there were some paw-prints in the dirt, which was odd when he had just been thinking of the lion excuse.
But by now he had reached the jumble of the fanciful red tent that had been set up for him. Lord Fobata started rummaging past the tent material to find the pillows had been stabbed repeatedly, feathers scattered all over the place. He groaned and gently prodded about so as not to accidentally stab himself until he found a knife that had not belonged to him. 
Fobata shook his head and walked back to Marlo as he answered, It looks like that last night or so, there was an assassination attempt on me. But when they found out that I wasnt here, they just took out their anger on the others. Some of the dead are not familiar to me, so our men put up a good fight and brought down a few assassins. 
Marlo sighed. Thats the best you can come up with, a good fight?
I justwe shouldnt have left Kiki. Lord Fobata said. Im starting to suspect that Kotak has already started some sort of plot.
Marlo snorted. Understatement.
I should have seen it coming. I mean, he probably already has it all in place well enough so that he believes that he would have had control of everything by the time any news would have reached Kiki about my assassination.
Marlo shuddered and muttered, Well, looks like were not going to be able to tell him anything about Basha soon. From here, I count 4 assassins and 3 of your men, sir. We had more men with us, but the others probably decided to run away and not risk their own lives like the others did when they attacked the assassins. What should we do now? Are we even going to try and reach Kiki if Kotak has control or are we going to hide?  
Fobata frowned for a moment as he heard these options and turned to gaze across the lonesome expanse of golden grass, debating what to do. While he mused, the heat shimmered enough from the hot sun that he could almost make out a distant figure standing on the edge of his view, a vague person that appeared to have hair just as golden as the grass, and it made him think of Kala.
Lord Fobata inhaled deeply and replied, Well take as much of our supplies and money that was left behind and then well leave to catch the ferry across the Tau River and back to Kiki. I cannot hide now. I know that I will probably die, but these men stood up for me. Perhaps for once Ill stand up for something important, something bigger than myself. Youve been a loyal steward, Marlo. But I will dismiss you if you so wish due to the danger. Ill give you half of the supplies and money and you can head your own way, maybe even find peace and solitude at Coe Wan. 
Marlo blinked and imagined for a moment what it would be like, planting a garden at the abbey, peacefully reading a book in its library, maybe stealing away to some dark corner with a love-struck nun. However, Marlo couldnt help feeling a slight annoyance that Fobata as good as admitted that he would die for this cause, yet he also just assumed that the steward would desert immediately at the slightest sign of danger. 
Plus, the lord might become renowned, even if he did lose his life along the way, for trying to save the kingdom. Bards would probably want to create heroic songs about the lord who risked his life for his king, so why couldnt those same songs mention the steward who risked his life for his lord? 
Marlo jerked up his chin, wondering if an old man like himself could display a gallant pose, as he told his lord, Fobata, Ill just stay with you for awhile and theres nothing you could do to stop me. 
Fobata gaped at Marlo for a moment before he slowly nodded, thankful that he had at least one faithful servant even if that same man didnt treat him with the proper respect.

Around mid-morning they arrived at the town of Dobila and Eldo looked around in awe at all of the buildings and people he saw as they rode into the town limits, more than he had ever seen in his hometown. Basha almost felt like laughing, observing him. He had experienced a similar reaction when he had seen Anji during his first quest and had been unable to think then that there could be any town greater than that. 
Monika glanced around. Look, we wont be staying here too long. This isnt a trip where we can afford to stay for 4 days at any place like we did on the first quest. The bandits would get too far ahead. Well stay here long enough to buy some breakfast and new supplies before we leave. 
Fato and Frigo had swooped down and alighted on Monikas saddle, but now Fato groaned. Oh, thats just great! My goodness, well never get a chance to relax if we keep jumping about and get ourselves so worked up with stress!
Suddenly, Basha grinned and pointed out a building called The Lazy Loafer Tavern. Fato, this time we will get a small chance to relax if this place is truly as lazy as its name! Come on, lets go in and get a good breakfast to eat! 
The group agreed and headed into the tavern, accompanied by Lake, who faithfully followed them to the bar and curled up on the floor when the humans sat on the stools. Fato and Frigo landed on top of the bar, causing a few men to slide away from the group.
The barkeeper frowned at the birds and bellowed, Get your diseased-ridden feather bags off of here immediately! 
Fato snarled and screeched, Were with them and we demand equal service! I should pluck your eyes out for insulting me, but I feel charitable today. Give me something sweet to drink and give my boy a glass of milk immediately! 
The barkeeper was slightly startled that the falcon had talked, but he just accepted it and took their breakfast orders. They waited for the food as the tavern started to fill up, despite the fact that it was still morning. They tried to talk to each other, but their voices were drowned out by the raucous noise of the tavern patrons. In one corner of the bar, a trio of men argued with each other. 
As a waiter returned and laid down the groups plates brimming with a delicious breakfast that they ate, two of the men in the trio stood up and left the tavern in aggravation. The lone companion ordered one and then two and then three pints that he quickly gulped down before the group finished their meal. The man in the corner of the bar hiccuped and slammed his pint onto the bar with a clang that received a stern glare from Basha. 
The man turned and caught sight of Basha. Oh, sorry if I disturbed you. I just like my drink and wanted to make a toast. His voice slurred, the man grinned. But since I have no one to make it with, I could only slam this down. Yes, a toast to--our victories in the desert! 
Bashas ears perked up. He glanced over at Monika before he slid a little closer to the man. Sir, Ill pay for your drink since youre such a hero. Will you tell me about your victories?
The man nodded and watched Basha put down a copper on the bar for the pint before he replied, Well, we were riding hard like our boss told us to. We had never been in the desert before, seeing as how we lived out on the Popo Hills. The leaders a rich fellow from all of the years that he spent across the border, but he used to be a good hill thief like most of us. In fact, he was once the leader of all hill bandits! Of course, he left us behind here. Most of the fellows have gone home, but my two friends and I have somehow lost our money. We just quarreled about it, but theyll come back when they cool off. Can you buy me another? Now the man was getting moody, in need of support and money.
Basha tossed a copper on the bar and the waiter slid a foaming cup down the bar, which the man caught and gulped down, not noticing that Bashas friends were leaning in to hear everything. Monika tapped her fingers and sighed, wishing that Basha would hurry up getting all of the information that they could out of this disgusting drunkard. She didnt want to spend any more time here with this horrid man.
Basha tapped the man on the shoulder. Sir, were you just saying that your leader isnt here anymore? What was his name? 
The man groaned. Yes, I did just say that he left us behind. He went off with some fancy retainers and fresh bandits that had been waiting for him to come to Dobila. I think they were wearing some uniforms of Pinal soldiers. Of course, he took most of the loot with him and even though he gave us some, it seems to me that it wasnt enough. Not enough when I heard that he had some gold trinkets. If you want to know his name, thats easy enough. Hes Shama. I served with him and so did both of my friends. We were there when we almost took the palace until that brat of a king stopped us!  
Basha blinked and cleared his throat. Shama served with Goga? Really? Well, that certainly is odd. Did they know each other well? Did they have a common friend? 
Basha placed another copper on the table, trying to hide his astonishment. He remembered Shama, of course. The bandit had attacked them and would have killed him if Oaka hadnt stepped in. Behind him, he could hear the group mumbling almost each other, trying to figure out how he had reached such a conclusion.
The man frowned. Yes, they didnt know each other well, but they did have a common friend named Lord K. In fact, I think I once saw Goga talking to the man in Kiki during the siege. Yes, perhaps he was a nobleman and a traitor as well if--I dont understand. How could you know--Im confused, I need another pint.
Basha placed the last copper on the bar and stepped away to rejoin the group, all of whom were trying to ask him what this was all about. He just shook his head and tried not to think about Lord K. Yet Gnat had told them years ago that an old man had visited Fobata and warned him about the group. 
Was that man Lord K, who had ordered Shama to attack the group and who had been Gogas friend as well? Could he have also been the one that tried to poison everyone at Kiki where he lived? No, Basha didnt want to contemplate that there could just be one man behind all of those schemes. But the loose pieces were coming together too much to deny it. Yet who was Lord K?
Monika leaned towards her husband and whispered, I think we have gotten as much information as we can out of this fellow. Youve befuddled him. Come on, we better leave, were done here.
Basha slowly nodded before he paid the waiter for breakfast and the group started to leave, silent in contemplation while everybody else in the tavern cheered and drank, unaware of all that had happened. However, before the group reached the door, the two other bandits returned and halted in their tracks at the sight of Monika amongst the group.
One friend gasped. I remember you, Zarien. You were at the head of the warriors! Its just like those barbarians to make a woman their leader!
The two bandits surged forward to attack, but Basha, Monika, and Eldo repelled them and a couple other tavern patrons were knocked out, causing their friends to attack and now a bar fight had broken loose. The falcons screeched as chairs started flying through the air and they soared out the door, Lake racing after them. 
But Eldo, Monika, and Basha were stuck in the middle of the brawl as they tried to duck and dodge thrusting fists and legs. The couple spotted an opening and dashed forward as Eldo followed close behind. He saw the drunkard hurling himself at Basha and Monika, long knife extended with rage in his eyes. 
Despite the inherent danger, and the fact that he had only met the couple a few days ago, the young man launched himself at the drunkard. They tumbled down onto the floor and Basha and Monika, now aware of how close death had been with the combined roars of Eldo and the drunkard alerting them as they collided, immediately turned around and managed to pry the drunkard off of the young man.
Eldo was seriously wounded and bleeding, losing consciousness fast. Basha shoved the drunkard off into a fight before he turned around and helped Monika pick up Eldo before they rushed outside. They were surprised to find that Fato and Frigo had gone to the stables and released the horses after they had escaped from the tavern, but at least the falcons had helped out. 
Lake yelped at the sight of Eldo, but the couple ignored the dog as they secured the unconscious young man onto Shadow. With the falcons soaring ahead, the group rode out of Dobila as quickly as possible, certain that they would have been accused of starting the bar fight if they had lingered. 
However, as they kept riding for the rest of the day, they hardly slowed and never looked back. Not even Monika whenever she kept glancing towards Eldo to see if his wound had improved or looked any better. They never considered that they might be pursued. 

Shama groaned and clutched his stomach, the only thought in his sluggish mind being glad that he had pushed his sickened army to its limits, marching all throughout the night before they had collapsed at dawn, just a few feet from the gates of Wana. At least they had gotten this far to civilization and help.
Doctors had rushed out of the gates and seized the men, or so he had heard since he had been enveloped in delirium at the time. They had taken the soldiers to the best inn, paying for the rooms out of their own pockets. Shama was vaguely thankful that he wouldnt have to waste any money himself.
 His stomach complained again and a doctor hurried towards him, mumbling something about rest and probably rancid meat. Could meat have really caused all of this chaos in his stomach? Oh, he could hear his men--the walls were paper thin and they were all throwing up. They had been so brave to keep marching even when they were already feeling the first pangs of illness. 
Shama tried to cover his ears and the doctor shook his head. The doctor tried to give Shama a glass of water, but he couldnt accept it. The doctor left the glass on top of the bedside table with a pitcher and vanished. Shama helplessly stared at the glass before an odd thought entered his mind. 
He didnt like the glass, it was too dirty to drink out of. He glanced around and spotted his packs, managed to bend down and grab one of them. He rummaged through it before he grinned, glad that he had picked the right one. Shama pulled out Taus Cup and unsteadily poured the glass of water into the legendary chalice, but it still looked too empty. 
So he poured in the whole pitcher of water. Even that only filled the Cup to either half-full or half-empty, which should have puzzled Shama since the Cup was only the size of any regular goblet. However, he didnt think about it as he swallowed a big mouthful. 
Shama was starting to feel better. Life was inside him again, even though he was tired. Suddenly, the door opened and Om staggered in, sagging against the doorframe. His breath heaving with difficulty, Om slid down towards the floor, eyes starting to close as he reached out. 
Despite his animosity toward the other bandit, Shama was so aghast at the possibility of seeing a man die in front of him, whose ghost would probably haunt him for allowing such a thing, that he immediately rushed forward with the Cup. 
He held it up to Oms lips and luckily, Om managed to swallow as the water oozed down his throat, easing his stomach. Oms breathing steadied and he drifted off to sleep. Shama managed to stuff Taus Cup into a pack before the heaviness of his eyebrows caused him to collapse and fall asleep on the bed. 
They lied in a comatose state until around sunset when Shama and Om awoke, miraculously able to sit up and completely healed of their illness. A doctor approached them and murmured, Now listen fellows, dont take this the wrong way. We dont want to start a war with Pinal, but I dont understand what happened to you two. Maybe you just werent infected with any complications or something, but all of the other soldierswe just couldnt save them. Captain, sergeant, Im afraid to say that you two are the only ones from your troop who are still alive.
Shama gaped at the doctor, confused before he remembered that they had been wearing the Pinal uniforms when they were brought in. He nodded and said, We understand, doctor. I know that all of you have done your best to save my men and I salute you for your efforts. Please, Im still fatigued. Whatever funeral arrangements your people make for my men, I trust will be fine enough.
The doctor slowly nodded and closed the door behind him when he left so that Om, sitting on the table and leaning against the wall, felt secure enough to mutter, I remember, Shama. Dont try to deny it. I may have been on the brink of death, but I saw it. The reason for the desert, the switch-off of the men, and now their deaths. Perhaps Taus Cup with all of its power is worth this effort if the buyer will pay you enough for it.
 Shama growled. The only reason why I allow you to live after such an insult is that we need each other now. You owe me your existence, for out of all of the infected men, I chose to save you, to restore your life. In fact, Ill be generous enough to erase such a debt without having to erase your life. All you have to do is raise your left hand, put the right hand on your heart, and swear me an oath that you will serve me for the rest of your life and never dare touch Taus Cup. 
Om wished there was some other way out of this, but he still pledged, I, Om of the town of Giga, do hereby swear by the gods and my own life to keep this oath. I will pay my master Shama the greatest respect that his humblest servant can offer and serve him as long as he lives. For the span of Shamas life, I will never dare touch the glorious goblet known as Taus Cup and I will see it safely into the hands of his employer. So now I ask him if he will accept my apologies. 
Shama considered the oath before he nodded in acceptance and patted Om on the head, telling him to pack up. Om bowed to Shama and quickly walked out of the room, careful not to show his smirk since the oath would only last as long as his leader lived. Quite likely that wouldnt be a long time.
After all, Shama was right to have gone to such trouble to hinder pursuit since nobody in their right minds would have allowed Taus Cup to escape from their hands without trying to retrieve it, especially since these people obviously had to be Knights of Arria. Om nodded and hoped that whenever Shama died, he would be there to grab Taus Cup when Shamas last breath had escaped. 

As the sun disappeared and twilight emerged, Basha reined in Talan and groaned, exhausted after such a long, fast ride. Of course, his horse needed a rest more than he did. He rubbed Talans mane before he turned around to see Deja trudging into the clearing
Monika dismounted and tried to comfort her horse as Fato and Frigo flew in, roosted themselves onto a tree branch, and yawned as they inquired about dinner. Basha ignored them for now as he walked over to where Shadow had just halted and lowered his head. 
He sighed as he undid the ropes that they had used to secure Eldo. He attempted to wake the young man, who was still unconscious, and then checked his wound. Lake sat on the ground beside the horse and brushed against Bashas leg, whimpering slightly as the man bent down to pet the hound before he straightened.
Basha shook his head and turned to face Monika. Are you sure that he woke up this afternoon?
Monika looked up from rummaging in Bashas pack. Yes, he did, just for a few minutes. I was still eating lunch, so I was able to give him some bread to eat. At least he wont be starving, just a little hungry. Oh, I dont see it in here.
Try that other pack, I think thats the one with the Swords.
Monika shrugged and moved to the other pack, rolling her eyes as she pulled out the Blue Sword. Basha started gathering wood and soon ignited a fire as Monika stood off to the side, lightly pressing the Blue Sword against Eldos wounds to channel her Water energy to heal them. But finally she shook her head.
Basha glanced up and murmured, I suppose it wasnt a success, but dont worry. We can try again later. Lets get dinner ready.
Monika sighed, stowed away the Blue Sword, and spent several minutes helping Basha prepare the meal. When it was ready, Basha passed out the plates and cups, the falcons and dog coming over as Monika walked back to unload Eldos packs from Shadow and lay out Eldos blanket on the ground. She was turning back to lift Eldo off of Shadow when she spotted a face in the bushes just across from the horse, the face of the drunkard.
At that moment, the three bandits stepped out of their hiding places surrounding the camp, advancing towards the group. Basha swore softly as he saw the bandits long knives while he and Monika were too far away from the pile of packs to reach their Swords. There had to be some way of distracting them. 
Suddenly, Lake howled and charged at the drunkard standing so close to his helpless master while the falcons started squawking and yelling insults at the other two bandits, who tried to attack the birds. The drunkard accidentally slapped Shadows rump before the hound pounced and tore into him, avoiding his knife. Shadow panicked and galloped off into the forest, the unconscious Eldo jouncing on his back.
But Basha and Monika didnt notice this as they rushed towards the pile of packs, thankful that the animals distraction had worked. Monika found the right pack, pulled out the Blue Sword, and tossed the pack to Basha, who pulled out the Black Sword. They dealt with the other two bandits when the falcons appeared to be in the most danger and then raced over to check on how Lake was doing. Basha pulled the snarling dog off of the man and Monika finished the drunkard.
Basha and Monika collapsed onto the ground, moaning and unable to move, but then they heard Fato exclaim, Shadow is gone! The horse ran off with Eldo still on his back!
Monika gasped and cried, When did that happen? I cant believe we didnt notice! Now what are we going to do?
Basha, panting, turned to the falcons. Fato, I remember you took a nap this afternoon on my saddle. Did that rejuvenate you enough so that you think you might be able to find him?
Fato sighed. Yes, it was a refreshing nap. I suppose Ill put off dinner and sleep for a little longer to find Eldo, but Frigo will have to stay here.
Frigo shook his head. Im young, father. You always said a chick like me has a lot of energy! Come on, let me come with you. Ill be able to put off dinner and sleep for a little longer, too!
Fato frowned. Yes, you do have a lot of energy, but only after you eat and sleep, so youre going to stay here, Frigo. See you soon, everyone. Im off to save the day and bring home the lost horse and boy and all of that heroic stuff.
As Fato flapped and flew out of sight, Monika managed to sit up. Well, it looks like Fato probably wont be coming back anytime soon. Come on, lets find another place to camp, away from these bodies. Then well sit around, eat dinner, and wait for him to come back with Eldo and his horse, even if it takes all night long.
Frigo shrugged and grinned. Thats fine enough with me. Ive always wanted to see if I could stay up all night long, but father never would let me. Now Im sure that hell feel silly when he comes back to find that hes the reason why Ill be able to try that tonight.
 
Chapter 6: Old and New Friends
Eldo groaned and lifted his head. He cried out in alarm and frantically gripped Shadows mane, trying to hold on as trees rushed by him, occasionally parting to reveal the stars coming out and the moon rising. 
Yet the young man couldnt pay attention to his surroundings as he tried to hold on and reach out for the reins. Pain arched up his back, but Eldo still managed to grab and pull on the reins, slowing Shadow down to a trot.
The young man sat up, grimacing slightly at the pain and glanced down at the wound bleeding again. He placed his hands onto the wound and energy surged forth, flowing into the wound to cleanse, heal, and close it up, leaving a slight scar. Eldo sagged and leaned against Shadows neck, wishing that he could sleep after such a heavy loss of energy, but there was a light ahead and he couldnt close his eyes. 
The young man blinked and straightened as he peered through the darkness. Yes, it was firelight, perhaps from a fire set up by the group. What had happened to them? Eldo couldnt figure out how he came to be out here, riding alone in the middle of the night, but something must have gone wrong.
Still, he would probably find out soon enough since this was likely their fire. However, as Shadow trotted within sight of the fire and the young man pulled on the reins, he slowly started to realize that this wasnt the groups fire.
For one thing, there was only one figure sitting in front of the fire with a lone tent pitched up nearby. The man glanced up from the fire and stood, Eldo assumed that he was staring in astonishment at this horse and rider that had appeared from nowhere in the middle of this deserted forest.
But before the young man could speak, he toppled over. Eldo lied on the ground and sighed as he managed to sit up, still so weary from the energy drain despite his exasperation at being so helpless.
 The man stood over him and leaned down. Sir, are you feeling well? Young man, it isnt a good idea to be wandering so late at night. Any number of bandits could be out here!
Young man? Youre not that much older than me, I believe. Eldo said before he gasped. Bandits! Oh, I bet thats what happened. Those fellows from the tavern must have attacked us. Thats why Im here!
The man blinked. Really? So was this bar in Coe Dobila or Coe Wana?
Eldo managed to stand up, wobbling slightly. In Coe Dobila, Ive been knocked down since then. Perhaps it was this morning, I dont know. Dont worry about me, my friends will probably come by here in search of me soon enough. Theyre the type of people that can fight off any attackers.
The man reached forward and attempted to support Eldo. I suppose they might be that type, but listen, youre in no state yourself to try walking just yet. Lean against your horse, and keep talking to me so that you wont lose consciousness again. Whats your horses name?
Eldo shook his head. His name is Shadow, but you dont have to worry that Im going to faint. Im fine enough right now. Besides, I want to know what a nice fellow like yourself is doing out here all alone.
The man sighed and was about to open his mouth when suddenly, they heard rustling, zipping noises all around and above, causing them to glance in every direction, thinking these were arrows. The man wished that he had brought along a sword on his travels, even if he wouldnt know how to use it. At least some bandits might be intimidated just by the sight of it. Still, a sword was too cumbersome and how could he afford space for such a weapon when he sometimes had barely enough room in his packs to stuff in his harp. 
However, Eldo wasnt worried anymore as, based on a hunch, he looked up and yelled, Im over here! The fire, go towards the light, Im there!
Fato squawked as he alighted on a branch right above Eldos head, with the man hidden in the shadows cast by the fire, and he shouted, Eldo, there you are! Oh, Eldo, you should have seen the fight. We were great! I dont know what happened, but I bet that nasty drunkard startled your horse into running! Hey, who lit that fire?
The man took a step out of the shadows, staring up at the falcon. I did, you nasty bird. What are you doing out here?
Fato gasped and hollered, You good-for-nothing bard, its good to see you! Did you have to burn your old harp to get the fire lit?
Eldo turned around and whispered, Youre Jobe, arent you? I heard about you, Basha told me-- 
Jobe interrupted. Basha? Hes here as well? For goodness sake, I never expected--hes supposed to be living the good life out in the Za Desert with Monika! Of course, I would understand if they got tired of all that sand, but what is going on? I just--still, it is really good to see you again, Fato, all joking aside. Come on, lead us back to their camp and give them a surprise for the sake of old adventures! 
Fato chuckled and nodded as he fluttered off the branch. Eldo grabbed Shadows reins before he trailed Jobe after the falcon through the maze of trees. The young man grinned as he watched the bard attempt to brush off his clothes and smooth down his blonde hair so that he would be presentable enough to greet his old friends. In time, firelight was shining ahead of them and a few moments later, the horse and the two men in the lead were at the edge of the clearing as they watched Fato fly into the camp with Lake barking, Frigo yelling, and the couple asking questions.
You changed camping sites! Fato cried out. 
We sort of had to. Now come on, wheres Eldo? Basha asked.
Fato landed on the ground and bowed as he proclaimed, Well anyway, dont worry, Ive returned with Eldo and a visitor!
Fato flourished a wing and Eldo and Jobe couldnt help laughing as they entered the camp, the falcon really was too dramatic, and Shadow trotted alongside them. Eldo dropped his horse's reins as Basha, Monika, and Frigo ran forward to greet them, the couple happily hugging their old friend, who couldnt help marveling that Fato was a father. 
They settled down at the fire and finally ate dinner, managing to chat as much as possible about their circumstances and the events of the last few days. Jobe was astounded that Taus Cup had been stolen and Basha was able to relate some of the suspicions that he had gained from the drunkards information so that soon enough, the bard was swearing to join up and help them with this new quest.
Jobe chortled and remarked, After all, I have nothing better to do since I wasnt heading in any particular direction. I bet I can get some good tales out of this quest. Im still working on the tale of our Great Quest. I might even ask you three for help to recall as much as you can.
Monika nodded and informed him, Of course well help you, whatever you need. Its wonderful that you were here to help Eldo. Still, he seems fine, although I could have sworn that the Blue Sword didnt work on his wounds. No matter, what with everything, I guess I didnt even notice that it healed them.
Jobe frowned and whispered, Huh, interesting, how bad were his wounds? I mean, he did seem a little tired when I found him, but there werent any signs of bleeding.
Eldo fidgeted and shrugged as he muttered, Oh, Im sure they werent that serious, although I dont remember much before I met Jobe.
Basha gazed at Eldo and wondered why it seemed like the young man was lying or wasnt explaining everything. Still, it was late and everyone was tired and needed to sleep after such a fine meal, so perhaps it wasnt best to ask questions right now. Jobe stood up and told them that he would sleep in his own camp for tonight, but they insisted that he stayed for the night and they handed the bard some extra blankets. Soon, with the stars shining, the group fell asleep in the clearing with the blankets as their only cover from the sky.

The dawn rose on the 8th day of Juli and in a special inn room in Coe Jime, Witta unhooked the latch on his pack and gingerly pulled out the instruments that had been given to him, studying them as he recalled their uses. He sighed and threw most of the instruments into a corner of the room since he already had his own personal tools to perform these same duties. What use had he for weapons?
But he raked the rest of the instruments back into the pack and hooked it close. Witta tidied up his sleeping area and then draped the packs strap over his neck before he turned around and left the room. He lumbered down the hallway, wishing that it could be wider when he seemed to brush up against it on both sides. These places were supposed to accommodate him and others like him according to the new laws, but there had not been many changes made beyond the superficial room arrangements.
When he reached the stairs, he considered his options, yearning to fly, but then just decided to clamber down the steps. Even though it was more awkward and slow for him, people would be warned of his approach by the sound of heavy thuds down the stairs whereas they might accuse him of being stealthy if he just glided down. Witta went up to the innkeeper, indicated his pack, and the innkeeper reached in, careful to avoid touching his guest, Witta noticed.
Witta growled softly to himself as the innkeeper pulled out a gold coin. Another problem Witta had noticed was that these accomodations were often more expensive for him than for other guests, even though his room was often barer than the others. Perhaps next time he would complain, but for now, Witta ignored the quivering innkeeper and left, breathing in the fresh, damp air blowing off of the nearby Tau River, which looked quite serene when seen from the air. 
He always felt better outside. No pile of grass in an inn room could really make him comfortable. But at times it was necessary to stay in these inns, when a job required him to be in a town or city for awhile and there were not any outdoor parks or areas nearby where he could rest. And sometimes he just needed the shelter these buildings could provide. Besides, he always felt that it was necessary to interact with and remind humans that he and his kind had returned.
When his mother led him and her other fledglings out of the compound at Coe Wilama years ago, she had told them that life would be better now. Of course, the humans had created their own world over thousands of years, never thinking that they would ever have to share it again with griffins or other creatures, and they certainly hadnt budged much yet to change it. But Witta would make them see that such change was necessary. He would force himself into this world, and be part of it.
Witta the griffin unfurled his wings, his lion tail wagging in anticipation as he flapped into the air and glided over the rooftops of Coe Jime, not caring that his takeoff and flight would have delighted any that had known to look up. At the moment, he cared only to do his job, which he did not really like, but money was necessary to live in this human world and so he would earn it.
His wings, though having a great span and continuously needing to flap to keep the hulk afloat, were absolutely soundless. Dragons with their leathery wings werent so silent. Of course, all birds pretty much had quiet wings, but no bird was ever completely equipped to be an assassin, except for a griffin, which was perfect with its sharp beak, massive weight, lion paws at the rear for powerful kicks and piercing talons at its front. Again, Witta did not really like his job, but it suited him well enough.
Witta used his eagle eyes to scan the streets below for several hours, sweeping over the town again and again, searching for the man described to him by Kotak. Finally, the griffin spotted the man around noon emerging from a tavern, waddling down the street towards his inn, swaying slightly and belching, this man known as Lord Fobata. 
Witta shook his head, amazed that this pitiful blob could be considered noble or royal, but he didnt give in to any contemplation or philosophical debate as to why humans had an elevated concept of royalty and nobility that did not match the reality of it. He observed the lord while making sure that the road was empty. 
At last, the griffin swooped down and up again, grasping the wriggling human in his talons before he glanced around and swerved into another direction. He followed the rest of his instructions as he searched for the two-story building. 
Witta spotted it and, again wary that there were no humans in sight on the street, he coasted down to the window, thrust in Fobatas mass first, and them managed to wiggle in afterwards. Inside, the three henchmen had managed to step out of the way when the lord had careened into the wall of the room and Witta entered.
Fobata groaned as he managed to stand up and glance around, trying to figure out what had just happened. The three men had closed the door and then the window, locking both entryways as Witta observed their actions before turning to glare at Fobata, who instantly recognized the griffin.
 Ah, I remember youWitta, one of the deadly Gryphon Gang. Lord Fobata cleared his throat. I had seen lion paw-prints in the dirt when I was investigating the ruins of my camp. They were yours, werent they?
Yes, they were. You recognize me because of the cage, dont you? Witta growled, advancing towards Fobata. At the palace menagerie. My brothers and I, when we were captured and arrested for our crimes against humans, justifiable though they might have been--
I know more than that, I know the details of your crimes. Fobata said. I know you killed innocent men, women, and children, who had done nothing wrong to you, your gang, or your fellow creatures.
Innocent people do not exist. Witta sniffed. Humans are capable of the worst crimes.
Fobata scoffed. Thats your excuse. Those crimes werent justifiable. They were designed to terrorize humans, provoke a riot or rebellion amongst your fellow creatures, and make a statement about how powerful you and your gang were. But all you really did was incite rage against your fellow creatures. You made things worse for them than ever before.
Witta shrugged. I cant help what happened. Like I said, humans did it. Its their fault.
You really dont care who you hurt. Not everybody is like you, Witta, or Kotak. He hired you, didnt he?
Yes, he did. Witta growled. Womba is a terrible king. When my brothers and I were captured, we were caged in the palace menagerie before and during our trial. We were treated fairly enough, but it was still a cage! No griffin, or any other conscious creature, should ever have to suffer such an indignity like that cage, scrutinized by any person wandering past! Kotak agreed with me. He told me that I wouldnt have to suffer in there ever again and that he would fulfill all of the old promises of equality when he was king!
And you believe him? Witta, youre a worse fool than I ever could be. Fobata said. If you truly believe that innocent people dont exist and humans are capable of the worst crimes, then you never should have trusted any promise that Kotak made to you. He is the worst human of them all. He is betraying his king and country, is he not? Organizing a mass duplicity, sending you out to kill me, and then once he takes over Coe Kiki, he will kill King Womba and the prince. If Kotak can do all of that so easily, dont you think it would be as easy as breathing to break his promise to you?
Do not anger me. Witta turned against Fobata. I could slice and tear you limb from limb right now, rip out your innards, and eat you. In fact, I might do just that.
Before Witta could act, the door slammed open and knocked out a henchman that had been standing to the side. Old Marlo strode into the room with one sword in a sheath and another sword in his hand, which he threw towards Fobata as he dropped the lock pick that he had used to get in from his other hand. 
Lord Fobata managed to catch the sword as Witta roared and charged, but Lord Fobata stabbed him and then managed to shove the griffins sagging body out the window. Marlo was struggling with the two remaining men, but soon joined by his lord, they managed to deal with them. They caught their breaths, Fobata thanking his steward profusely before they raced out of the building and back to their inn where they quickly paid for the room and left the town. 
Shortly after the stabbing, Witta regained consciousness, moaning softly as he lied bleeding in the middle of the street, blocking a cart with a dog sniffing him. It was the worst indignity he had ever suffered, even counting the cage. Witta sniped at the dog, which ran off, and people and horses shied away from him as he managed to stand up and shake off glass and wood. 
Covering his wound, which had not severely injured him, though it still pained him, he managed to limp off. Normal life resumed on the street with the great creature, the monster, out of their sight and way. It was the way they preferred it, was it not? Not to be reminded that there were greater, maybe even nastier, things out there that could tear apart and change their world forever.
Witta sagged against the wall of an alley and groaned, unable to believe that he had failed so miserably at his job, all because of a fat lords big mouth, his sword, and an old steward. He never should have allowed Fobata to talk for so long. He should have ripped right into the lord as soon as he possibly could. 
But even now, the griffin couldnt help wondering at the question that had been posed to him. Would Kotak truly fulfill his promise to him, or would this be just another one of humanitys numerous betrayals of him and his kind? Witta did not know for sure, but he planned to find out.

At sunset, after so many long days of dissent, whispers, and secret formations, the opposition finally felt secure enough to raise the ultimate decision of loyalty in the barracks. All of the soldiers delayed their duties to meet in a cleared space of the barracks, aimlessly standing about as they quietly chattered with each other. The clamor died when one of the privates stepped forward, obviously their chosen orator, and placed a box on the floor. 
The orator stepped onto the box and faced them. Men, I cannot stand to remain silent anymore. Our royalty is so corrupted with power that they are starting to think too highly of themselves. The rituals and ceremonies that have persisted for thousands of years have led to constant expenditures to keep up their lavish lifestyles. For goodness sake, once they wear a necklace, they throw it away! If things get any worse, perhaps Womba might build a temple to himself and insist that we worship him! 
Accusations of falsehood, deception, and exaggeration were levied at the man and the privates scanned the crowd for their sources, but they couldnt pick out any individual. On the other hand, the orator didnt appear fazed by such accusations and the crowd shifted slightly, aware that the man felt comfortable enough with his words, perhaps because he thought that the truth couldnt be silenced or denied. 
The orator nodded. I know that some might find all of this hard to believe, but it has been going on for years. Surely all of you werent stupid enough not to notice it. The soldiers protested the insult. 
Still, we cannot completely blame Womba. The orator shook his head. His father and then Lord Fobata fed him lies for years, but even they were nothing compared to the influence that Mina brought to the king. A few men argued against him. 
He roared, She is a foul temptress, no question there. She clouds the kings mind in an attempt to strengthen Mirandor. She makes him pass resolutions that favor trade and business with her country above all others. And she encouraged the rejection of laws that could have helped us all!
Here, I have the papers for these rejected laws, look at them! The orator gathered up piles of paper that he had hidden near his box and started passing them out to the soldiers in the front row. Its a crime that some of these laws werent accepted, a crime that Queen Mina is perpetrating each and every day that she monitors Wombas business. 
The papers were passed back throughout the group. A few men tried to stop the flow by stuffing as many papers into their pockets as they could. But even then, other men shared papers amongst each other and started reading all of the details, which looked quite bad. 
Of course, if any of these readers had some knowledge of Kotaks involvement and deception with these rejected laws, they could easily pick out how the lord had forged whole paragraphs, changing the meaning and intent of these laws, which were rejected before such changes were made. Still, it wasnt like they could tell the others about this deception; if even one word reached the privates, no matter how innocent the source, about these changes, the loyal man would probably be found and destroyed. 
Sergeant Aman, standing by himself in the middle of the crowd, softly moaned and wished for a moment that they could have warned Womba about this plot or accomplished something before now. But it was too late, the soldiers were growing restless, arguing what they could do to stop this corruption, if they should just deal with Queen Mina or find a way to restrict King Wombas powers. 
With such debates, no one, not even the privates, noticed that a few members of the crowd were moving towards the back of the barracks, already trying to remember the route that they would have to take to escape. The orator grinned as he gazed about his crowd, convinced that they were accepting his tales.
Listen, settle down, The orator said. Im just a simple man and its up to all of us to agree on a way to deal with this information. However, it should be obvious to us that Wombas powers must be restrained. 
Perhaps we might give him the option of abdicating in favor of Prince Wonan to take the throne with a regent. Of course, the regent will be our choice, a good man that we can trust, maybe even a nobleman. Perhaps by examining these documents, we might decide to choose the man who had tried to get the king to sign them. And of course, the documents would show that Kotak had proposed all of these great laws that had been rejected.
After all, you have read these bills. They could have been made into laws that would have greatly helped our military, our trade, the education of our children, the equality of the creatures and so much more. Still, I hardly feel that we can afford to wait any longer. The orator said.
We must act immediately on our plans or risk losing all opportunity. Think it over for a day or so if necessary, but eventually each one of you must decide if you will join with me and others to confront Womba with the crime of abusing his powers.
Aman, who had been walking towards the door, paused long enough in the hope that they might immediately disapprove of his offer, but most were already cheering and crying that they would be glad to join. He quietly sighed and turned away, following the few solitary men that took this last chance to sneak out of the barracks. 
They crept along the perimeter of the main courtyard and, making sure that it was safe, set off along a garden path towards the side door of the wall. Once outside the palace grounds, feeling like they had left it behind forever, the soldiers stood around, not saying a word to each other. They had never really met with each other before, didnt know each other well enough to trust anyone, but they recognized that they were in the same situation. 
Eventually they set off down alleyways, crossing streets only when necessary, traveling through the city until they reached a rich neighborhood full of manors. The soldiers kept to the shadows until they found the right house. Aman strode forward and knocked, having taken up a leadership position. 
The door opened and a man stuck his head out, scrutinizing Aman and the rest before waving them inside. They slipped in, the door quietly shutting and latching behind them as they cautiously treaded into the house towards a dining room, where a long table was already set up with Major Juna, Gnat, and several others sitting down. 
The men started to relax and converse easily with one another, freed of their fears now that they were out of the reach of the privates. The conversation died down when Major Juna stood up and raised his hand for silence. They recognized his authority here.
When Juna had their full attention, he said, Gentlemen, we are indeed living in dangerous times when a man can flaunt lies about in such a way that he can be believed and when terror is enforced to convince men to accept a viewpoint. The others nodded. 
We may be small in number and there might not be others coming to join us for now, but surely we are enough as long as we work hard enough together. I will not say that we can stop this rebellion from happening, not when it was so deeply rooted that we couldnt stop it from the inside.
But if we work together, we can prevent it from getting out of control and spreading to the rest of the city and Arria. Remember that as of now, we are not fighting just for the lives of the royal family, but for our own lives as well.
Some of you will not survive. If there are some here who dont want to risk their lives in countering this rebellion, we will not force you to stay. We will allow you to leave without any insult and with the understanding that you have already risked plenty just by coming here. Still, for those that do stay, I thank you for taking such a risk. I do hope that you know our cause is honorable and you will not be alone in this fight. We will be together. 
There was silence for a moment and no one stood up to leave. No one protested that they couldnt possibly win or that Juna wasnt the right leader for them. 
Instead, when it seemed certain that everyone was resolute to follow this course, everyone stood up and applauded, cheering Major Juna before they called for some refreshment. The soldiers raided the large kitchen and then scattered throughout the large manor to eat, drink, and find a place to bunk. Sergeant Gnat and Sergeant Aman joined Major Juna, talking about old times before Aman asked after Pacabens whereabouts.
Gnat pointed to the wall behind him. Hes resting in the next room. The privates really messed him up when they found him.
Aman blinked. Hes hurt? Oh, I had wondered why you two had to leave. What happened?
Gnat sighed and told the story. Hell be fully healed in a couple of weeks and there wont be any long-lasting problems after that. He finished.
Juna slapped his forehead. Oh, Gnat, I forgot about Pacaben in all of the excitement! I bet hes starving right now. Can you just go into the kitchen and make up a plate for him?
Gnat nodded and left Aman and Juna alone. They didnt really talk to each other as they ate and drank, until finally, Aman cleared his throat. Well, this looks to have been an enormous effort on your part, Juna. Must have cost you a fortune to get all of this food, bedding, clothes, weapons and whatever else is necessary to support an army. He didnt mention the manor itself.
Juna shrugged. The truth is that I raided some of this stuff out of the barracks supply room whenever possible. At least they might be a little short on supplies while this revolt is going on. However, Ive saved my money over the years. I never had any real use for it when I spent most of my time in the barracks or on battlefields. It just helped me out for everything else right now.
Yes, Im certain you earned plenty of money, especially when you were instantly promoted to captain when you arrived here in Kiki. Have you ever wondered why that was? Aman asked as he sipped his drink.
Juna grinned. Oh, they probably thought that I had done a good job with leading all of those servants from Coe Eela to Coe Kiki. But then again, I suppose you dont believe that anymore.
Aman nodded. Thats true. I dont believe anymore that you were just some servant who just happened to know how to help them rebel and who just happened to become a captain when he came here. Now I hope this manor is safe enough for us to stay here, and not be discovered by Kotak and his men. But I suppose it is fine enough for our cause, just as long as the deed doesnt have the name of Juna on it.
Juna shook his head. No, the deed is under the name of Hart, who inherited it from the merchant that previously owned this place. I must say that youre quite intelligent, Aman. I suppose I have your family to thank for that.
Aman sighed, I suppose youre right about that, but Im afraid to disappoint you. You cant thank my family anymore.
Juna stared at Aman for a moment. Im sorry, I didnt know.
Aman lowered his head. Its old pain, sir. They died a few years ago and they had lived long lives. In fact, it would probably be just like them to tell me that I should move on with my life, enjoy it as much as possible, maybe even find a nice woman to marry and continue the family. Of course, I cant do that right now, but when this is all over, I might find someone. If you want to know, I wont tell Gnat about you. He has never doubted you before. I wouldnt want to be the one to tell him.
Juna slowly nodded and sighed as Gnat returned to tell them that he had given Pacaben his dinner and the knight had been most pleased. The night deepened and the soldiers finished their meal before they were assigned to cots or were given some blankets to sleep on the floor. 

A day passed with Jobe entertaining the group with tales of his travel, but the next day, the 10th day of Juli and the Cups Quest, Basha was loading packs onto Talans saddle when he spotted Eldo sitting near the ruins of the fire, reading one of his books.
Eldo, you better pack up soon or well be leaving without you! Basha cried. Whats in there that can be so riveting? 
Eldo held up The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer as he replied, Ill pack soon. Its just that Ive been looking at these old prophecies in here and I found one, placed right after The Prophecy. It amazed me. Its called The orals Curse and it says:
I hearken to thee fair sir,
To heed the warning and hear the tale.
The glory is taken from him,
A chase is set to task to fetch it back
Suddenly, Basha yanked the book away from Eldos hand and slammed it shut. He resisted opening up the book and finding the page again to read the prophecy for himself, when he knew that it was about him and this quest that they were currently on. 
I just dont want to know right now. Basha said. Its not right for a man to know about his future. Its probably unnatural. Did you read anything more than that?
For his part, Eldo just sat there and gaped at Basha for a moment before he understood what he had been reading and why Basha seemed so frightened. Eldo shook his head and Basha nodded as he carried the book over to his packs. He stuffed it deep inside one as he hoped that neither he nor the young man would get the urge to read it. 
However, Eldo pondered the prophecy and hoped that he might get the chance to read it for, despite Bashas claim that such knowledge was unnatural, he still wanted to find out how the quest would end. If they would find Taus Cup and glory. 
They soon set off again, with Jobe now part of their group, and rode on for several hours through the forest. Once during this trip, Eldo thought that he saw a centaur cavorting amongst the trees, but it was just a fleeting glimpse. 
Finally, they reached Coe Wana some time before noon and entered the city with the towering form of the castle that had been built by Lord Pavga in relatively recent years dominating the landscape. After crossing a bustling square and heading down a random street, they came upon a small market filled with the sound of music from a long line of brightly painted wagons gathered in a circle. But despite the color and music, the townspeople hurried about their lives and ignored the wagons and the people grouped around them. 
My goodness, what is all of that? Eldo asked, gawking.
Jobe sighed. They call themselves the Windfollowers. Theyre a new group around here.
Fato nodded. Ive seen them now and again while flying around, although they probably havent penetrated as far as Coe Ryn or the Za Desert yet. Personally, I dont know what to make of them. Yet its not my problem. Theyre not going to bother me since Im just a falcon.
 Jobe frowned at Fato. Well, I dont know what to say myself. Personally, I suppose I have to sympathize with them a little since theyre just like me, wanderers on the outskirts of society, but I dont know much about them to trust them.
Well, what do you know about them? Monika asked, annoyed by the townspeoples behavior, the sort of ostracism that she had dealt with before.
Ive heard that most of the group formed up in Angora or so, roughly 8 years ago. Jobe said. Theyve been touring Salarria ever since. They dont believe in the gods. They say that they believe only in the wind, which will lead them to wherever their fortunes lie. Most ordinary people are quite nervous about these wanderers, their beliefs, behavior, dress and everything about them. There have been some nasty rumors that the Windfollowers force children to follow them. Personally, I dont believe these rumors, but I still dont know enough about them. 
Basha grimaced at such terrible treatment as a tall man with black hair, holding a tambourine, stepped down from one of the wagons. The crowd continued to move along while the tall man started to beat out a tune, although Basha noted how the people quickened their steps and averted their eyes, hoping to get away and not attract the Windfollowers attention. 
The Windfollower continued to strike his tambourine as he cried, People of Coe Wana, do you wish to know the ways of the Wind? The Wind goes on without end, my friends, through the desert, jungles and mountains! It cannot see, so it does not know differences between people, man and women, child and adult, Zarien or Islander or anyone. The ways of the Wind are many and often mysterious, yet eventually all can have a purpose. All can have a purpose! 
Someone in the crowd yelled out a curse and threw a tomato, forcing the Windfollower to duck and return to his wagon, yet he didnt seem angered by the act. Basha growled and glared at the crowd walking in front of them, searching for whoever threw the tomato. The others were riled up as well, but Fato said, Oh, lets just go. We dont need to get into another fight.
Come on, father! I want to fight, just like the other night! Frigo cried.
Monika sighed. Maybe youre right, Fato. Lets find an inn. 
She pointed out a quaint building with the sign of Wendols Weary Inn, painted with the image of a weary man smiling at a bed in front of him. They agreed, and after leaving their horses at the inn stables, entered the establishment with Wendol himself greeting them. 
Youre all in luck for coming here today! The other inns in this city charge outrageous prices! However, my prices are quite reasonable even though I have some of the best rooms in town with bug-free beds, plenty of space, and perfect views of the street below! Still, well talk about that soon enough. You all must be hungry, but just wait patiently and my daughter will be along soon enough to receive your lunch orders.
The innkeepers daughter indeed, came up to them, a thin young woman with long arms and legs and red hair twisted into a braid down to her shoulders. Her green eyes was far too mature for her fourteen years. She sighed. Welcome to my fathers inn, supposedly the best one in town if all of his boasting is for real, which I seriously doubt. In any case, you all have chosen to stay here, so will we have the special with chicken, the beef broth, or the pork. However, I seriously advise against the pork unless you want that to be your last meal. 
The group stared at her, wondering if she was joking or not, but Basha placed his order, shortly followed by almost everyone else, none of whom ordered pork. The innkeepers daughter took their orders and didnt even seemed fazed when the falcons talked. However, Eldo couldnt make a decision.
The young woman groaned, tired of waiting. Come on, make your choice. Its not that important a decision!
Eldo frowned at her. Be patient, I like beef and chicken. Ill make up my mind soon enough!
The young woman shook her head. Too late, youre getting chicken and thats that! 
Eldo gaped at her as she walked off and then he muttered to himself, resentful that she had taken such liberties. The rest of the group ignored the feud as Wendol came by and they purchased two rooms from him. 
They only had to wait a few more minutes before the young woman returned with their lunch. However, as she turned to leave, Eldo knocked over his glass of cider, which had been perched on the edge of the table, and the cider spilled all over her dress. The group gasped and shook their heads in embarrassment at his act, while the young woman stared down in horror at her dress and then glared at Eldo. 
 Whats your name, boy? The innkeepers daughter harshly queried.
He frowned. Eldos my name, although I dont see why you should want to know.
My name is Ama, Eldo, and I only wanted to know so that I could properly address you whenever I get my revenge for your childish trick! Ama marched away from them.
Monika leaned over. Eldo, she might have been rude to you, but you know that she didnt deserve to have her dress ruined.
Eldo shook his head. Ama did deserve it. I bet shes always gotten her way since her father is such a rich innkeeper. She should learn that she couldnt control others. 
Jobe rolled his eyes. Well, I cant say for sure if your assumption about her is correct, but just taste the chicken and see if she made the right decision for you! 
Eldo growled and stuffed the piece of chicken into his mouth to prove that Ama had been wrong. However, when he tasted it, he blinked at the surprising goodness of it. He slowly continued to chew, savoring it. 
Wendol walked by the table as they finished and asked them how everyone was doing. 
Eldo chuckled. This chicken is especially good. Send my compliments to the chef. 
Wendol smiled. Oh, yes, thank you. Ill be certain to send your compliments to my daughter. You will be happy to know that every meal we serve is made by her with loving care. 
Eldo nearly gagged as the group snickered. Fato sagged against a glass, trying to suppress his laughter. 
In the distance, Ama had been spying upon the group from the kitchen door and now she giggled at the sight of Eldo gagging. But her laughter dissipated when she caught sight of her fathers bewildered face. 
She turned away and closed the kitchen door, frowning as she recalled her fathers weakness when Baron Jarbarr had confronted him. The baron would come again soon, she knew, but she wanted to avoid him. 
Ama softly muttered in frustration, barely glancing at the tall pile of dishes that still had to be cleaned. It would be just perfect if her father could clean them. 
Still, he was so distracted with his guests and handling bills that he never could help while she always had to cook and clean for everyone at this inn. Business had suffered so much since her mothers death that they couldnt afford to hire more people. 
Of course, Ama would still have to marry the baron, despite how valuable she was to the inn, and she would have to live the rest of her life with him. Or at least until he died and left her a tarnished, though rich, widow. 
Her future was right in front of her, easy enough to see that it wouldnt be any sort of fairy tale like she had read as a little girl. Surely there was no way to change it. 
But then again, it was plain to see that the group outside lived happy, wandering lives, not including Eldo, and Ama was starting to consider what it would be like to leave here with them. 
Perhaps if she was out of sight, Jarbarr would eventually forget her and fall in love with another woman. Her father Wendol probably wouldnt even suffer any sort of wrath from the baron. 
Of course, he would miss his daughter, but at least her disappearance might convince him to hire others to help him or at least do some of the work himself. That would spite him for his weakness. Ama smiled.
 
Part 2: The Enemies and Allies Emerge

Chapter 7: The Affairs of Lords
A few streets away, a pair of stable boys emerged from the back of what was truly the best inn in Coe Wana, each leading a horse to where Shama and Om waited for them. The bandits received their horses and mounted, still a little unsteady after their illness. 
What do you think theyre going to do with the armys horses? Om asked.
Shama shook his head. Its not our problem right now. We already have enough to deal with and I dont want to dawdle here selling a few haggard horses.
Om frowned, but he didnt protest since he had sworn that oath to serve his leader. They passed by Wendols Weary Inn and the Windfollowers wagons on their way out of the city.
Is there any reason why you havent gone to ask Lord Pavga or Lord Chihon personally to supply you with more soldiers? Om asked.
Shama rolled his eyes. I cant see where you got the idea that I was involved with them.
Om growled. Its quite obvious, Shama, that since you have such a connection with Lord Kotak, it would be easy enough to persuade them to meet with you.
Shama sighed. Fine, I might as well explain, seeing as how Ive already told you enough about this business. Kotak never told them anything. He didnt tell them that I was going to get Taus Cup simply because he didnt want them to intercept the delivery, you understand? You should have been able to guess that yourself. I would have thought that you were smart enough to understand the workings of noblemen.
Om scowled. I am intelligent about most things, but noblemen really are a mystery to me. Its a bit of problem, I see now, considering how Im about to become involved with all of their plots. Are they really different from ordinary people?
Shama chortled. Let me just say that when they fight, its over petty things, like most of us, but often makes a bloody mess thats almost impossible to believe. Most of them are like ordinary people, except theyre more greedy and powerful.
Oh, I see. Om nodded. 
Power can be cruel to men who are weak enough to subject themselves to all of its wiles and whims. Shama said. So you must control power, be it in politics or in magic. 
Are all noblemen corrupt? Disloyal to the king? Om asked.
There are one or two noblemen that are kind and completely loyal to King Womba. Lord Zokla is one of them, actually. Shama said. Still, theyre in the minority, for the rest of the noblemen dont really care about the king too much. He wont matter when the time comes.
Om understood what he meant since Shama had told him everything about Kotak and his plans. Once outside the city, Shama and Om were traveling along the southern road and could see the shadowy forms of the Popo Hills in the distance.
 They had known these hills and mountains all throughout their lives. In their youth, they had grown up with their poor families in these hills, yet such a lack of material wealth hadnt bothered them then when they had the hills to explore and tramp all over. 
Still, they had grown older and realized how harsh their lives were and how such lives wouldnt change unless they changed it themselves. As young men, Shama and Om had become bandits, which wasnt difficult for them since they knew the terrain so well and could run and find a hiding place after robbing merchant caravans. 
Now they were no longer just simple hill bandits, but had become involved with bigger things than petty thievery. But they still felt that they would be visiting their old home just by passing through the region. 
Shama grinned. Its a lovely day to set off. The sky looks so clear.
Om shrugged. Well, I suppose, but I still think that I see some dark clouds ahead of us. Rain is coming. I actually like rain, you know. When it falls, could you collect some raindrops in the Cup? 
Shama shook his head. No, I dont want to use Taus Cup for such a petty task and I dont trust you. The rain may fall on us, but I say that the wind is strong and itll blow the rain away. Of course, the rain will struggle, but it will lose since the wind is supreme. 
Om sneered, understanding Shama referred to himself as the wind and Om as the rain. He retorted, Perhaps that is the way it seems to the wind, but I daresay that the rain has some tricks up his sleeve, even though it seems like hes nothing more than a servant to the wind. In fact, when the time comes, hell pounce on the wind! 
Shama and Om glared at each other as the horses continued to trot along, both knowing that their conversation had been about far more than weather. However, when Shama snarled and twisted his head aside to kick his horse into a gallop, Om kicked his horse into a gallop after him. He couldnt lose his leader yet when he hadnt gotten his revenge yet.

Queen Mina wheezed as she tried to sit up and get out of bed, but King Womba gently pushed her back so that she would lie down again. Her cold had weakened her so much that she didnt resist.
Womba patted her cheek. Dont worry, everything will be fine. Im just handling some papers and theres no need for you to look at them when you should be resting. 
Mina sighed and sniffled. I suppose youre right, but please dont sign anything if it seems suspicious to you or if Kotak sent it. I never trusted that Kotak, especially when he almost embarrassed you as your advisor. Hand me some handkerchiefs, dear. My nose is still stuffy and Ill be sneezing again soon.
Womba grinned and handed the handkerchiefs to Queen Mina before he leaned down to kiss her. She pushed him away slightly since she felt a sneeze coming on. 
King Womba nodded and left, closing the door behind him just as he heard her sneeze. He was worried about her, but he had work to do here in his office that couldnt wait. He sat down and examined some of the documents before him, but he saw nothing wrong with the first paper requesting more funding for weapons and supplies for the soldiers and guards stationed in Coe Kiki. 
He signed it and grabbed another document, but this time it was one of Kotaks requests. He scrutinized it, checking each word to see if there was anything suspicious, any subtle meanings that could be used to reinterpret the document and benefit the lord. 
However, King Womba could see nothing sinister and the document plainly stated that the lord wanted permission to hire another servant, harmless enough. So he just signed it and hoped that he hadnt done anything wrong. 
The king sighed and reached for a third document, concerning a few soldiers who had deserted and asking permission to find and punish them. Womba nodded as he scanned the first part, but when he read the list of deserted soldiers, he was just stunned and his disbelief grew with each name he read.
All of these soldiers had served him for years. Most deserters were just young men that couldnt stand the training. Even worse was the fact that some of the men listed here were acquaintances, even friends of his that he knew and had awarded for all of their bravery over the years, men like Juna, Gnat, Aman, Sir Pacaben and so many more! 
It was so odd and it just wounded him. But King Womba just couldnt see any other choice, all deserters eventually had to be found and punished. Still, he laid the paper to the side for now to delay such a thing for as long as possible. 
Of course, he would have to inevitably sign it whenever the soldiers started to ask him about it. But he ignored it for now as he spent the rest of the evening signing documents. 
Finally, dinnertime arrived and he was able to leave his office, slightly worn out from the whole business. But there was still a big pile of papers that would be waiting for him in the morning, some of which he would probably have to check with the old law books. 
Meanwhile, in his private study, Lord Kotak swallowed the last bite of his blueberry pie, the dessert to the dinner that a servant had brought up to him. He burped and automatically opened his mouth to utter the customary pardon, but then ruefully shook his head as he realized that there was no one else in the room to take offense at his burp. There was hardly ever anyone else here, except for a servant. 
Kotak stood up, setting aside his plate, and stretched before he started ambling about his study, occasionally bending down to randomly pick up and scan one of the books lying all over the place. Kotak hummed softly to himself as he flipped through a few pages of each book before tossing it aside for another, feeling quite bored with such literary research, but it was a necessary project. 
Despite the fact that he hardly had time to regularly read books with all of his lordly duties, he understood that most books held the keys to secrets if the appropriate authors wrote the right books on the most befitting subjects. For even though Kotaks plans were almost complete and he had gathered up enough supporters with King Womba suspecting nothing, the scheme still wasnt perfect yet. 
He knew that if he really wanted to arrogate the throne of Arria, it would be best to do so while possessing the correct symbols for the role. Even though he had the bloodlines, the common people would better understand and accept his kingship with symbols. 
Shama would succeed in getting Taus Cup for him, which was the most potent symbol since it was on Arrias flag and that would work in his favor. But now he was looking for clues in these books to find the location of another symbol that would aid him. 
After a while of this random search, Kotak collapsed onto the chair behind his desk, frustrated by all of these books and writers with every book seeming to contradict the other and every author having different ideas about the location of what he needed! The lord inhaled and exhaled a few deep breaths, trying to calm himself down, when suddenly there was a rapping on his window.
He groaned and twisted his head around to look out the window, gasping, Witta, what are you doing out there? I didnt hire you so that you would be showing yourself here!
Witta just shook his head and kept flapping hard to keep himself aloft outside so Lord Kotak quickly stood up and flung open the window, allowing the griffin to get a supporting grip on the windowsill and squeeze into the room. The lord had to back himself up against the wall with the bulk of Witta and cried out whenever the griffin accidentally stepped on a book with either his talons or lion paws, but finally the beast cleared a spot and managed to sit down. 
Kotak walked back to his armchair and sat down, exhausted. Talk to me, Witta. Did you deal with Fobata?
Witta shifted and lowered his eagle head, staring down at the bandage covering his wound as he answered, Well, at first we attacked his camp and killed most of his servants, but he wasnt there. Later on, I did capture him at Coe Jime, but Im afraid that me and the other men didnt have time to destroy him before he was rescued. I was wounded, and the others were killed.
Kotak shook his head. I am disappointed in your performance, Witta. Two failed attempts to kill a harmless man, although maybe hes not entirely harmless if the others are dead. It couldnt have gotten much worse than that, even if the rescuer had been an old man.
Witta groaned and mumbled, Well, actually, you know that steward fellow? Well, he is very loyal, even though his lord isnt so great--
Kotak rubbed his forehead and said, Please dont upset me any more. I cannot stand failure. As it is, you should be pleased that Im still paying you, although your fee will be slightly less than we agreed.
Witta frowned and extended his wings. We agreed on the fee. You swore to pay it to me, the entire amount. You are backing down on a promise, just like Fobata said you would.
Kotak stared at him for a moment before he explained, Fobata twists his words. It is true that a promise has been broken, but there are laws about oaths and I am still well within those laws. In one of these laws, it states that a party of an oath doesnt have to uphold an agreement if the other party did not rightly fulfill the terms of the agreement.
What? Do you mean its my fault that youre breaking our agreement? Witta asked.
The agreement and the fee involved you dealing with Fobata and since you didnt fulfill it, Im within my rights and Im being gracious by giving you a portion of the fee. Kotak said. However, if you are willing to wait a little while longer without money, you can finish off Fobata by yourself as soon as possible. Then Ill pay you the fee in full and I will also offer you my friendship. Itll be quite valuable soon enough when I am king.
Witta hesitated a moment, not wanting to give in, but finally he told him, Fine, you can withhold my payment and Ill finish the job alone. Ill track down Fobata again. However, I need some time to rest. Is there a place on the palace grounds where I can hide?
Kotak nodded and gave Witta directions to an abandoned tower. Soon the griffin took flight out of the window, leaving the lord alone in the room again as he now restarted his literary search. Finally, Kotak found what he had been searching for. 
The books cover was ruined, so he didnt know the title or the author. But the discussions in the book were quite rational and gave plenty of arguments and historical evidence for the authors theory about the symbols location, which seemed correct. Still, perhaps Lord Kotak was more attracted by how convenient it would be if the authors theory was correct. So now it seemed as if the final piece was in place; if all went well, the takeover of the throne would take place very soon.

The sun was nowhere to be found on the gray morning of the 11th day of Juli, also the 11th day of the Cups Quest as the group finished breakfast. Wendol stopped by their table to bid his guests farewell. After that, they stepped outside into the inns courtyard and walked over to the stables where they rounded up their horses. 
They led the animals into the clearing and loaded on their packs. Basha leaned over and gave Monika a light kiss on her cheek. Fato and Frigo, perched on Eldos saddle, argued with each other over some criticism that Frigo had given his father. Lake was barking, but Eldo ignored the hound. 
Meanwhile, the inns door opened and Ama marched outside. Clutching fully loaded saddle packs, she slammed the door shut and strolled to the stables, disappearing for a few minutes as the group mounted their horses. She came out, leading a horse that she had just saddled and now halted in the middle of the courtyard as she loaded her packs onto her saddle. 
Monika asked her, Ama, what are you doing? Surely youre not thinking 
Ama continued adjusting her saddle as she answered, Im not thinking, Im doing this. Im just going to leave and thats that. I had been thinking that it was about time to leave this dump. Then you people came to my fathers inn and finally I was convinced that Im going to do it. As you can see, Ive already packed everything and my horse Yoi is just as ready as I am to leave. Im coming with you all since you all seem nice. Still, I must admit that I have my misgivings about traveling with Eldo. Is it possible that we could leave him behind? 
Eldo glared at her and was about to open his mouth when Basha quickly asked, Ama, what about your father? Does he approve of your decision?
Ama chortled, My father? Forget about him, I dont care if he would approve of this or not! Hell just get someone else to cook his nasty food. And I dont want to stay when hes going to give in to the demands of some rich, fat baron! 
Eldo growled, So what if theres a baron involved in this? Listen, everyone, she cant come with us. Either she stays or I go. Im not spending all day listening to her! 
Eldo stuck out his tongue at her and Ama scowled at him. Oh, youre real mature, Eldo. I expected you to do something like that. 
Basha sighed. Stop it, both of you! Im sorry, Ama, but we just cant take you with us! I mean, your father needs you and loves you. And if you just disappear, he might think that we forced you to come with us! Now, please just go back inside and take some time to consider what you were going to do. 
Ama frowned as the group turned and rode away from her and Wendols Weary Inn, down the crowded streets of Coe Wana. A few minutes passed as their horses maneuvered through the morning crowd of people heading to the market and they were distracted by the obstacles in their path, not looking behind them. However, when Jobe turned his head slightly to glance at a building, out of the corner of his eye he spotted Ama riding Yoi just a few feet behind them.
Jobe turned his head back around. Basha, everyone, were not alone. Amas following us! 
The group twisted their heads around and moaned at the sight of Ama, who was slightly put off by their negative reaction to her presence. However, she stiffened herself and managed to smile and wave at them, eager to prove that they wouldnt be able to discourage her from following them. 
Youre not coming with us! Basha shouted.
Ama shrugged. Im not part of your group. I would never want to be part of your group! Im traveling by myself and I dont know you, so its not my fault that Im following you and the others! 
Basha grunted and turned away from her, facing the others. Were just going to keep moving and were not going to look back at her. Shell eventually turn back when this huge crowd separates us or else when she is a few miles out of the city. 
Jobe sighed. Im tired of this argument. If shes so persistent, maybe we should allow her to come with us.
Eldo shook his head. No, we cant let her win. Lets just follow Bashas advice and see what happens.
The group agreed and continued to look straight ahead, not daring to look back to see if Ama was following. However, from their perch on Eldos saddle, Fato and Frigo were wagering how long she would stick with them. 
Meanwhile, after Wendol had made his morning rounds of greeting his guests, including the large group that was about to leave this morning, he had left his inn to purchase some more fish at a nearby market. The innkeeper hadnt worried about leaving the inn, thinking Ama was mature enough to handle the business, but now as he walked back towards the inn, he saw that a carriage was stationed outside of it. 
Wendol groaned softly, the basket full of fish slapping against his chest as he rushed to the door, worried about Ama handling an aristocrat and then realizing that this could be Baron Jarbarr, come to take his daughter away or do something horrible to her! However, Wendol managed to breathe again when he saw that it wasnt Baron Jarbarr, but it was another nobleman nonetheless and Ama was nowhere in sight to tend to his needs.
Wendol, irritated with his daughter for neglecting such an important guest, stepped forward and bowed. Good sir, Im sorry that youve been kept waiting. I just dont understand why my daughter hasnt come out yet to greet you. Sit down and tell me your name. Ill get a drink for you and Ill round up my daughter to cook some breakfast for you, the best we can offer.
The man shook his head. I am your Lord Chihon and no, I dont want any food right now. You need not disturb your daughter until Jarbarr arrives. I dont understand whats taking him so long, but dont worry. Hell be here shortly and Ill bear witness to his proposal.
Wendol had steadily grown paler at the mention of Jarbarr and now all he could do was speechlessly nod before heading into the inns private quarters. The innkeeper sagged against the door and groaned, shaking his head before he walked towards Amas room.
Perhaps if he told her to leave now, she might be able to escape and get away before they suspected anything was amiss. Wendol opened the door to Amas room and found she wasnt there. He almost left to look for her elsewhere, until he caught sight of the note on her bed.
The innkeeper felt light on his feet as he picked up the note and read it before laying it aside. He walked back out into the common room.
Lord Chihon looked up and frowned. You have a strange grin, innkeeper. Is there any reason for such an expression?
Wendol shrugged. No reason, Lord Chihon, although my Ama looks so sweet when shes sleeping that I didnt have the heart to disturb her.
Chihon yawned. Whatever, you can wake her up when the baron arrives here. You know, I believe I am hungry. Whip me up something to eat while we wait for Jarbarr. He should have been here by now, but he was going out for a ride. Ah, never mind, hell eventually remember to come by this way.
Wendol slowly nodded, took Lord Chihons order, and then went into the kitchen. Inside, he fumbled slightly at tying an apron, but he didnt mind doing the work since Ama was at this moment leaving the city.
If he delayed long enough, not even Chihon or Jarbarr would be able to catch her. He did wonder why Lord Chihon was here, if the lord was somehow involved in Baron Jarbarrs courtship of Ama, but that didnt really matter now. All he could do was hope that she would escape. 
Perhaps since the death of her mother, Ama had been much braver than he had been. She had been the one to suggest that they could just leave the city and escape Jarbarr together. He regretted now that he hadnt agreed to her plan, forcing her to leave on her own. Wendols mind was sort of muddled as he blundered about the kitchen, thinking that at least his daughter could manage on her own without her father. He didnt even notice that he was still grinning with a slightly pathetic twist to his lips. 

A few miles away from the gates of Coe Wana and heading towards the Popo Hills, the group found it a bit hard to ignore Ama whistling as loudly and disharmoniously as she could. Soon, Basha directed Talan off of the road and the group followed him, knowing that they would be holding a meeting. They dismounted and sat down on the ground, glancing behind them to see that Ama had also dismounted and stared at them with a smile. 
Fato shook his head. You humans are being ridiculous. We cant ignore this girl for the whole trip. Were already going crazy here and weve barely traveled more than a few miles.
Monika nodded. Hes right. We might as well make some sort of peace with her. Someone has to go over there and talk to her.
Frigo frowned. Well, Im not going to do it. Im too young to have to deal with her! Father, you should do it. I bet a real noble falcon would be able to negotiate with her!
Fato and Frigo quibbled with each other, Fato saying that it was an insult that his son would question his nobility while Frigo kept insisting he wasnt noble in the first place. The rest of the group glanced around at each other, wondering if someone else would volunteer. Of course, they knew for certain that Eldo wouldnt go talk to Ama since he hated her too much, leaving just three people to deal with her.
Basha rubbed his forehead. Look, Im tired and I cant deal with anyone at the moment, especially Ama.
Jobe sighed. Fine, Ill volunteer. Its not like anyone else wants to do it. Im a bard, Im peaceful and eloquent. Maybe I can convince her to leave or something.
Monika patted him on the shoulder. Thank you, dear friend. We appreciate what youre doing and Im sure it wont be too much of a bother for you. Shes a reasonable enough young woman. Youll probably be able to persuade her to go back. And if you cant do that, you can calm her down so that shell be friendlier with us on the trip.
Eldo frowned, but Basha shot him a look that quieted the young man before he caused a dispute. Jobe stood up and walked across the clearing towards Ama. She gazed up at him and her smile disappeared as she assumed a more serious countenance. She knew that now was the time where she would have to defend herself so that she could stay with them. 
Jobe sat down, crossing his legs and leaning back as he figured that he might as well relax. You know, youve really gone to a lot of trouble with us. I suppose you felt that if anyone would accept you, it would be us.
Ama slowly nodded. Yes, thats the truth. You all seem nice enough, except for Eldo. I suppose I have been a bit blunt and rude with you all, but I just want to join you all. It seems to me that you all have such exciting lives. You can wander the world on a whim and enjoy your lives with such love and friendship.
Jobe groaned and muttered, Well, Im afraid to tarnish your imagination, but sometimes our lives arent that easy. Our wanderings can take us to lonely, rough places where we struggle just to survive.
Surely its not that bad? Ama asked.
Sometimes I wish that I could resist the wandering urge so that I could just settle down and rest at a random town. Be satisfied with a simple life where people will greet and talk with me. I mean, you have a life like that, but you probably just take it for granted. Your father loves you very much and he is quite proud of his daughter. I could tell when he complimented your cooking.
Thats not much of a compliment. Ama grumbled.
He probably already misses you and if you go back home, Im sure hell appreciate you more andyou mentioned a baron? Who is this fellow? Jobe asked.
Ama scoffed. Hes nothing more than a fat, old baron, but there have been so many awful rumors about him. He gambles, drinks, and treats women like his playthings. Ive even heard that hes murdered people! If you ever saw him, you would be so disgusted!
Jobe blinked and was about to ask her more, when suddenly, a horse galloped into the clearing. The animal leapt into the middle of the pair, kicking Ama to the side.
The bard suddenly found himself lying on the ground, tangled amidst the stallions legs. The group had been observing the conversation from a distance, but when the rider so quickly appeared and the horse started thrashing about, they immediately rushed forward to save the pair from the raging beast. 
However, the middle-aged rider roared and threw a flask at them, which Fato quickly dodged in mid-air or else it would have clobbered him. The baron unsheathed his sword and flailed it about, agitating the stallion more. They could barely catch a glimpse of Jobe and Ama amidst the whipping legs of the horse, althought it was hardly likely that they hadnt been trampled already. Frigo squawked and attempted to attack the man, but Fato blocked him and swatted him back with his wings, yelling that he wouldnt let his son risk his life.
Basha growled and yelled, Stop your madness and leave our friends alone!
The middle-aged man pointed his sword at them and bellowed, Kidnappers! Vagabonds! Bow before Baron Jarbarr!
Suddenly, from the mesh of the horses legs, they heard Ama scream, Youre an idiot and a barbarian! I hope never to see you again, you slug of existence!
Suddenly, the horse squealed and reared before it twisted about. It hurdled back towards Coe Wana as Jarbarr barely managed to hold on, still screaming curses and threats. The group gasped at this turn of events before they hurried forward to pull Ama and Jobe back onto their feet.
Monika cried, Ama, who was he, what happened? That horse just left so suddenly!
Ama brushed some dust off of herself, shakily panting. Of c-course it d-did. Any h-horse would leave so suddenly if a rock was thrown at it.
Jobe shuddered. Good job she did. Maybe we should let her come with us. I owe her that much for saving my life. Besides, itll be horrible if she goes back with that man around. How did you get involved with him?
Ama sighed. Baron Jarbarr just walked into the inn, pointed a knife at my fathers throat, and took one look at me. Apparently he was going to force me to marry him. We probably should leave now. Hes powerful enough around town that he could cause us trouble. He might even send some men out to stop me from leaving.
The group gawked at each other and then slowly nodded as they mounted their horses, slightly stunned by all that had happened. Monika recovered enough to steer Deja close to Yoi so that she could talk to Ama. Occasionally, Basha glanced back to see his wife hugging the young woman as she wept. Eldo kept his head lowered, ashamed of how he had despised Ama. 
Basha growled softly at the thought of Jarbarr, an evil man who cared for no one. And he had thought that Fobata and his brother Goga were the only evil noblemen he would ever meet. He wished that he could deal with Jarbarr and rightly punish him for his crimes, but now he hoped that there were not any other corrupt noblemen out there.

An hour later, Wendol still attended Lord Chihon in his common room, trying to dissuade the lord that anything was wrong. Lord Chihon glared at the innkeeper, wondering if the man was telling lies about his daughter. But he didnt feel like questioning him when he was so irritated that Baron Jarbarr hadnt arrived yet. However, the door slammed open just then and the baron stumbled into the room, gasping and garbling nonsense about Ama being kidnapped.
Wendol blinked. Kidnapped? Are you certain?
Jarbarr growled. Yes, I am certain. If there was any other reason why she has left with a bunch of strangers, I might be very angry with you, innkeeper. However, I know that it was out of your hands, so I wont hurt you.
Chihon nodded. Well, I am glad that you can be so merciful to Wendol, Jarbarr. So lets just leave and Ill send out a man to save her if you deem it necessary.
Jarbarr shook his head. There is no reason for you to send a man after them. I know who these strangers are, I can recognize them, and I am the only person who will be able to deal with them properly. I do not trust you to send out the right man for the job. I feel that you are seriously trying to undermine me, both of you!
Chihon stood up and yelled, How dare you accuse me of that! For goodness sake, be sensible. I was the one who suggested you should find a wife. I have no reason to undermine you! If you want to accuse anyone, go ahead and accuse the innkeeper. Its fine enough with me!
Jarbarr rubbed his hand through his hair. Fine, its nobodys fault. But Im doing this on my own! If any one of you tries to stop me, then I will have a legitimate reason for dealing with you! Never fear, Wendol. Ill bring her back even if I have to drag her back!
Chihon and Wendol watched in horrified fascination as Baron Jarbarr stomped out of the inn, limping slightly and cursing his confounded horse that panicked too easily and wouldnt stop running. Chihon shrugged and went out to steer the baron toward his personal carriage and depart. Wendol told himself that Jarbarr was too crazy to ever find Ama. Still, it was nice to know for certain that she had made a good getaway from Coe Wana and he hoped that she would find a better life far away from here.
Meanwhile, Ama had recovered enough to enjoy a good lunch with the group. Monika then suggested that since Ama was now a part of their group, she should know everything about them. Ama was perplexed by this as Monika stood up and grabbed a pack, laying out some books and swords onto a blanket as Jobe tuned his harp and started telling the entire tale, sometimes aided by the others. It was such an extraordinary tale that Ama did need to reach out and touch the objects in front of her to make sure that it was real, although the Swords of Arria did cause her to flinch. 
When Jobe finished, Ama cried, Its amazing and yet its true. I would just love to join you all! Do you think that I could help out?
Basha shrugged. I dont know, but if theres ever a chance where you could be of assistance, we would gladly accept it. Come on, lets start cleaning up. We still have a long day ahead of us.
The group started cleaning up, although Ama and Eldo were left to themselves for a few minutes. So Eldo took this chance to grab The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer. Ama frowned and shook her head as he clutched the book close to him and opened it up, flipping through the pages until he found the right one. 
Ama sighed and glanced around. You know you shouldnt be messing with that book of prophecies. Basha explicitly forbade us from looking at it.
Eldo rolled his eyes. Shut up. Youve got no right to talk like that when youre just as curious as I am about reading this.
I am not, dont you dare say-- Ama said.
Here, listen, it says
 From the desert to the forest they come,
Seven heroes will ride and fly, yet will they return?
Some are old friends and some are new,
Yet all are set on the quest, the final quest of the oral
Eldo blinked and frowned as the final words settled in, causing his eyes to widen. He quickly shook his head and slammed the book shut, dropping it onto the blanket as he stood up and walked away. 
Ama gaped at the book for a moment before she stood up and followed the young man off to the side. It wasnt any mistake, right? It really did say the final quest of the lion of light?
Thats what I read. Eldo said.
Maybe you skipped a word or something. Or maybe it doesnt mean anything. Ama said, glancing over at Basha gathering up the Swords of Arria and the books and placing them back in their pack, unaware of what the young people had read. 
Still, we could just interpret it to say that he wont go on any more journeys. Ama said. Its possible. We cant say for sure that it really meant the final 
We are not to speak of this to anyone, not even to each other, do you understand me? Eldo hissed. Basha was right. We shouldnt have read the book. But now that we have read it, its not like we can change it. Im afraid itll probably happen whether we want it to or not. 
Ama sighed and turned away to walk back to Yoi, frustrated with Eldo. Eldo shivered and petted Shadows mane as Lake the hound loped over and whined softly, sensing his masters discomfort. The young man could only think about the future. 
By rights, most young men shouldnt have to think about the future, but Eldo had read too much and now he was fearful of what might happen to Basha. Yet he had to prevent it from happening. Even he could tell that this might be an impossible task, but he felt like it was his duty.
He had saved Basha once before, after all, knocking a drunkard off balance so that he wouldnt stab Basha and Monika. Eldo thought that perhaps the prophecy could be prevented, if he guarded Basha with his own life. If that didnt work, then he would use own special skills to cure any harm. 
He nodded and felt pleased with his swift decision as the group rode off, admiring the scenery around him. Now they were moving closer to the Popo Hills and some of these distant peaks glimmered with snow, despite the heat of the season, while the lower slopes and smaller hills were speckled by small groves. In all, a spectacular view lied in front of Eldo and in that peaceful moment surrounded by nature, he felt satisfied with his life and the charges that he had taken up, even if these duties would lead to his end.
 
Chapter 8: The Usurpers and the Resisters
A few hours later as the moon shone in through a window, Kotak sat in his room reading a book of spells for his lessons with Yaggee. Most of the books he had used in his research about the symbol were back in the palace library, although he had kept the book that contained the symbols location. He needed the beneficial map that had been drawn on one of its pages so as to navigate his way through the many rooms in the basement that contained the royal armory. 
Most of the armory was a jumbled mess with piles of old weapons and armor, some of which dated back hundreds of years. But it was good enough for him to know just which room had the Sword of Arria he was looking for. He could look through the piles himself. 
However, he was finding it hard to concentrate on his spell book since, despite being three stories above the ballroom, Lord Kotak could still hear the music and the noise of hundreds of people talking to each other below him. It seemed like almost every other week they would hold a ball without any apparent reason except for their own pleasure.
But luckily he could avoid getting involved with these balls most of the time, leaving him free to enjoy himself. Kotak turned the page and frowned as he found himself staring at one of the most difficult spells he had yet seen. He concentrated on it, trying to understand, but snarled when he couldnt and so he hurled the book off to the side. 
The lord stood up, thinking that he would hassle his son until he realized that Peri was down at the ball. Peris children would already be asleep by now, leaving Peri free to go to the ballroom with his Plin and dance away the night with her. 
Kotak shrugged and thought that maybe he would call on one of his servants to bring up some food. Of course, most of the servants didnt like to be bothered during these balls since they wanted to watch the dancers from a distance, but Kotak didnt care. He would go to the kitchens himself even if it was beneath him, but suddenly his mind was flooded with the image of Kala as if she was right here in the room with him. 
Kotak gasped and stared around the empty, lonely room before he sighed in relief and quietly muttered, No, shes not here, not now. 
The last time that he had seen her had been here at the palace, years ago when Kotak stormed into her room to talk with her alone. He hadnt yet had a moments privacy with her when that wimp Sir Minnow was always hovering over her. 
Minnow knew very well that there was some tension between his wife and her father Kotak, although he had no idea how deep the extent of their feud was. But nevertheless the knight had made sure until now that he would be present during their conversations so that everything would remain polite. 
Kala glanced up when the door opened, but she frowned at the sight of her father Kotak standing there. She murmured, Good morning, father. I am happy to see you, although my husband is not here. He had to suit up at the barracks, seeing as how he must be present in the royal parade of King Sonnagh and Queen Dita meeting with their subjects.
Kotak snarled, There is no need for your manners, young lady. Theyll just infuriate me into dragging you back home! How dare you marry some silly knight and then come live here at the palace. You know very well that Sonnagh is our enemy! 
Kala slammed her fist onto her dressing table. HE IS OUR KING! Thats what it comes to in the end. For despite the fact that were related to him and our family is supposed to hate him, everything we do is treacherous!
Whats the big deal with that? Kotak asked. 
She managed to calm herself down. Still, I dont care about any of that. Why should I when all of this, about your grandfather being the second-born son of King Tilo, is supposed to be ancient history? I mean, everyone else has forgotten about it while you and the others are the only ones that want to keep it alive. You all should know by now that its useless. So why keep participating in useless, ancient treachery that has lost all meaning by now?
Kotak chuckled. Dont think you can warn me to stop this. How can I stop this when there are so many members of our family involved? Besides, your words would mean nothing to them when its so obvious that its impossible for you to keep your allegiance to anyone, be it family or the nunnery. Will the next broken vow be towards your husband or your king?
Kala glared at him. You will not make me angry, especially when our family is breaking apart. All of your efforts will be for nothing. Everyone from Pavga to Chihon is ruined. The failure of this family began all the way back when your uncle Rhia separated himself from the rest of us and now it has come all the way down to the bickering between Fobata and Goga.
 Kotak frowned, but then he just shrugged. Oh, so what if they are fighting? You cant really use such a pointless feud as an example of our failure. Well win in the end, even if the descendents of Rhia try to stop us. After all, Doomba is on our side. 
Kala pointed her finger at him. Dont you dare say that name, not here! It is a wonder that Peri managed to escape your hatred and evil, simply because mother wasnt strong enough to survive you, his birth, and the name of Doomba!
Dont blame me or Doomba for your mothers death. Kotak said. 
Kala cried. Oh, I have hated the name of Doomba ever since I learned that you were one of his Followers when I was only 10 years old. I was so young. You dont know how such knowledge about my own father aggrieved me! Worst of all was that you insecure fool sent me off to that nunnery simply because you thought that I would tell everyone!
Kotak rolled his eyes and sarcastically said, Oh, yes, it certainly did you a lot of good, right? Look at you, so silent and humble, doing nothing but praying to the goddesses! Oh, dont even let me talk to you about your chastity. You know more than I do about it! 
Kala sighed and sagged. Please, you have no right to insult me like that. Minnow and I, our love goes beyond all of that. It was more important. I mean, we were fated to be together. This I know for sure, because once we went to the Oracle of the Tau River. I do not know what she told Minnow, alone in the cave. However, when I went in, she told me that you had also come to her all of those years ago to learn that any grandchild born of any of your daughters would bring ruin upon you.
You know about that? Kotak asked, stunned.
That is my fate and I love Minnow so much and you had already done too much to me that I went on with it. Kala said. You are my father and in a way, I pity you. You can never know love. Perhaps it is best for you to leave and become a hermit somewhere. Father, I warn you now that I am pregnant and I know in my heart that it is a boy inside me. Abandon everything, all of the plots and Doomba, and my son will not ruin you. What will you do now, father? What will you do? 
As Kotak stared at her, he did not know what to do. His fist was clenched at his side as he realized that he wanted to hit her in the stomach, here and now, so that perhaps the baby inside her would not live. 
He shook his head and growled, turning away from his daughter for good. In the hallway, Peri looked up at him, but Peri must have seen that his father was in a fit, so Peri must have decided not to bother him then. At that moment, Kotak had been so angry that, without considering the consequences, he headed down to the stables, knowing who he would be looking for. 
Sir Jarbarr was cleaning the stables as part of his punishment for wounding a fellow knight in a drunken brawl when Lord Kotak met him. Kotak left Coe Kiki soon afterwards, dragging Peri behind him, without any trace left of the cause of the duel that Jarbarr had challenged Sir Minnow to fight. Sir Minnow lost and was killed by Jarbarr, just as Kotak had ordered.
Sir Jarbarr had been a loose end afterward, but that was taken care of when Kotak made Jarbarr a baron and arranged a contract for him with Lord Pavga. The troublesome Jarbarr would be a permanent burden for them up at Coe Wana, since the contract could never be voided when no one would ever want to marry the baron as per the exit clause.
Kotak was brought back to the present when he heard a knock at his door. He shook his head, ignoring the sound of the ball downstairs as he answered, knowing that whoever it was, it wasnt his son or long-lost daughter.  When he saw Yaggee was outside, he quickly pulled the old man into the room. He checked to make sure that no one had seen Yaggee come in before closing the door.
Yaggee, you shouldnt be here. Someone could have seen you and started asking questions! Kotak exclaimed.
Yaggee sighed. Dont fear, only a few aristocrats saw me. But I think they just assumed that I was a servant, or at least an old one that cant do any work. Food was running low down in the basement, so I had to come up to steal more from the kitchen. But those servants wouldnt let me in simply because I wasnt wearing a uniform.
What a night you must have had. Kotak said.
Listen, Kotak, I am your teacher and I cant stay in the basement anymore, even if itll only be for a little longer until the revolt. You told me about that form you gave to Womba about hiring a servant and he did approve it. Yaggee said.
Kotak groaned. Yes, he approved it, although I had wanted to use it to get another assassin. Witta returned last night, but he hadnt succeeded in killing Fobata, although he wishes to try again. Still, it would have been best to have another assassin available to make sure that there wont be another failure.
Kotak, please help me. Yaggee said.
Kotak sighed. Yet I suppose it can wait for now. You are my teacher and I owe you for all of the work youve done to help me. You deserve more freedom of movement around the palace and that will be easy enough if you are perceived to be a servant. Im afraid that I never considered such an idea before now. 
Yaggee nodded. Its fine. You dont have to apologize. Perhaps I should apologize since I interrupted your evening. 
Kotak shook his head. No, it wasnt much of an evening. Just sitting here, reading with the music echoing throughout my room, thinking too much about the past.
Yaggee shrugged. Well, theres noting you can do about the past and it gets in the way of what youre doing. Never forget your ultimate goal, always make sure the path is clear, and nothing can get in your way. Now, what can you give me to prove that Im a servant and have access to the kitchens?
Kotak sighed and walked across to open a desk drawer and shuffle through the papers inside, thinking that Yaggee was a little overly dramatic in giving advice. Yaggee took the opportunity to look around the room, noting the richness of the decorations befrore Kotak returned and handed the old teacher a cloth patch with a crest embroidered upon it. 
Kotak pointed down at the crest. This is my family crest, passed down from Lord Augla, who had received it as the second son of a king. The dragon is in a circle, biting his tail, surrounding a golden sun with two white bears hugging in the middle. Of course, there have been variations on this crest throughout my family. 
When my uncle Rhia disassociated himself from our family, he only kept the golden sun for his crest. The crests of Fobata and Goga both have different bears, with Fobata as a large white bear and Goga as a small black bear. Anyway, thats just a little family history. Sew this patch onto a shirt and that will be your official uniform for me.
Yaggee bowed and stuffed the patch into a pocket before he shook hands with Lord Kotak and left. Yaggee walked down a hallway and several flights of stairs before pausing at the foot of the stairs near the ballroom to check if everything was clear here before heading down to the basement.
Inside the ballroom, a musician pounded on a drum and a few others strummed stringed instruments of various sizes and shapes. One or two blew with amazing force on their horns as the courtiers waltzed in the middle of the room or stood off to the sides and chatted. 
There were very few soldiers present in the ballroom, and whenever King Womba walked by them, he knew that they were glaring at him. Still, the king ignored them for tonight. They couldnt force him to sign the document to chase down the deserters, and he tried to enjoy the ball as much as possible as he danced with his queen. 
The musicians finished their piece and the dancers parted, politely clapping as Womba took this unheeded moment to steal a kiss from Mina. She softly giggled and wished that she could have a more private dance with her husband. On the other side of the room, Lord Ompa craned his neck to see over the crowd, but he could barely see the king and the queen. More often than not, he had to duck down to avoid being noticed by Lord Zokla and Papia. 
Finally, Ompa sighed and finished off his glass of wine before wandering off through the crowd, thinking that he might try looking for the lady that he had met almost a week ago. He paused to watch a huddle between Lord Bolo, Hamil and Cica since their secrecy seemed intriguing. The three noblemen were just parting when they halted at the sight of Lord Ompa, flustering them since they hadnt known that he was there and didnt know if he had been listening to them.
Finally, Bolo gathered enough courage to step forward and smile. Good evening, Ompa. You look like youre enjoying yourself at this ball. Is it relaxing for you?
Lord Ompa shrugged. Its relaxing enough as a diversion from all of the paperwork that Ive been doing recently to deal with the taxes and maintenance on Coe Wina. I havent returned to the place since I came to live here, but Ive been reassured that the reconstruction is going along nicely and my stewards will be able to take care of the castle and people living there. Still, I suppose Im sort of blathering and it seems like I have interrupted a private conversation between the three of you.
Oh, its not as private as all of that, my good man. Hamil cried. Youre welcome to join us! Actually, we were just planning a hunt that were going to take in a few days. You know, a jolly romp through the Valley. Maybe we might even chase down a lion, a stag, or something like that! Ompa, do you think you might be able to pry yourself away from your work to come with us on the hunt?
Ompa fidgeted, uncertain about what to say to these men. He recalled how, soon after Goga had been killed, King Womba and others had investigated the prisoners of war to find that quite a number of them were from Coe Wana. These were soldiers that had been under the command of Lord Pavga, the grandfather and great-uncle of these three men. 
Of course, Lord Pavga had been investigated and found guilty of such treasonous activity, yet no one had ever felt any imperative to interrogate his other relatives. Chihon and Ikla might have been involved in that affair, but Hamil, Cica, and Bolo had all been too young at the time.
Yet they were still related to the wrong sort of people. Then again, their environment and family might not have had that much influence on them, if they could break away from such factors.
Ompa couldnt really hold any grudge against them for what their elders had done. Nevertheless, he didnt trust them, but he didnt seem to have any other alternative since he was so alone here at Coe Kiki. 
None of the women were attracted to him and his uncle and cousin barely acknowledged him. Perhaps Ompa might have made more of an effort to socialize with others, but he had been so caught up in his grief for years now that he hadnt tried to make any connections and no one had wanted to be with him, it seemed. And after all of that, here was Hamil, Cica, and Bolo wanting to be friendly with him.
Ompa sighed. I suppose Ill take you up on the offer. Im certain that Ill enjoy the recreation. And while were at it, fellows, I must say that I am free at any reasonable time to entertain company. Ive heard plenty of good jokes in my time and I know that you like a good laugh, Cica. Hamil, my chess board has hardly been used and I would like to try my intellect against yours. Bolo, Ive seen you with your hawks and theyre wonderful. I hope I can borrow one of them for the hunt.
Hamil, Cica, and Bolo blinked in surprise that Ompa could know such things about them, but then they managed to grin despite themselves. Now they were thinking that it might actually be a fresh breath of change to have other companionship besides themselves. 
The three men shook hands with Lord Ompa and clamored their agreement at such fine ideas before they all parted. Each side thought that things had been settled well enough between them without any of their secrecy put under question.

With sunrise on the 12th day of Juli, the soldiers in the manor awoke and worked on the organization of their forces, gathering supplies and men in preparation to face the approaching rebellion. Sergeants Gnat and Aman watched the other men rush back and forth across the main room before Major Juna joined them, exhausted from his first few days of leadership. 
Gnat whispered, Its amazing, major, that you managed to accomplish all of this on such short notice. I almost wish that you would have told us about the privates a lot sooner so that we could have helped you out here.
Juna shook his head. Well, I only learned about the mess a month ago when I noticed the irregularities in Kotaks records. I had been sort of curious about the lord for a long time now after learning that he was Bashas grandfather. I couldnt tell anyone then. 
I knew that I would need more evidence before I could accuse him of anything and I would have to do it in absolute secrecy so that he wouldnt try to stop me. By the time there was enough evidence, it was already too late. They had too much control. All I could do was start preparing the manor and distance myself from political affairs so that it might be harder for them to track me down. 
For awhile, I pinned my hopes on one last attempt to gain Wombas attention. I sent the warning to Pacaben so that he could help, but that was a failure. I dont know, maybe I could have done things differently. Maybe there had been a chance that I had miss that would have avoided all of this.
Aman patted Juna on the back. Dont fret, sir. Youve done more than enough. Its all a good job and when we rescue Womba, Im sure hell thank you as well.
At that moment, a private rushed into the room and halted in front of Major Juna, giving him a quick salute. Sir, our scouts out in the streets have spotted activity in the air, a griffin flying towards the city gates. A few of them even recognize the griffin as Witta, having arrested him for his crimes as part of the Gryphon Gang.
Major Juna groaned. Of course, Kotak would pay off any man or creature to handle his job and obviously a griffin, especially one who is used to killing, would be perfect as an assassin. Sergeants, you two go round up any spare man and take the alley shortcuts to the gate. Hopefully Witta will face some delays from our scouts. 
The private nodded and went off to inform the scouts to stop the griffin before he reached the gates. Sergeants Gnat and Aman saluted Juna before they raced out of the room and started banging on doors, yelling for soldiers to prep. A few minutes later in the entrance hall, Gnat and Aman inspected the soldiers they had selected for the raid and when they were ready, they rushed out of the manor and quickly darted into an alley mouth. They sprinted down its length, turning corner after corner before they traversed across a road to reach the next alley. 
While the soldiers dashed through the city, Witta flew through the air about a mile behind them, often having to swerve to miss an arrow. The griffin kept glancing downwards, trying to identify the men that kept firing at him, but the scouts were too well disguised in the crowds. 
Plus, the soldiers always had a good hiding place at hand to stash their bow and quiver, only firing up at the passing griffin when nobody else was watching them. Still, despite the arrows, Witta still kept steady on his course towards the gates. He had rested long enough and now he was heading forth to find Fobata, wherever he may be, and finish the job. However, the griffin had no idea how close Fobata was to him, for even now, the lord and his steward Marlo were riding up to the gates of Coe Kiki, observed only by the guards at the gates. 
Lord Fobata dismounted from his horse and walked up to one of the guards. My good man, I must say that Coe Kiki is a welcome sight to me, the greatest city in the world and my dear home. I am Lord Fobata and I want word sent to King Womba that I must meet with him immediately.
The guard shrugged. Right, youre LordFobata, was it? I suppose Ill have to talk to my superiors about you, just to check that were all clear. However, I hardly think it likely that we could get an audience for you with the king.
Fobata frowned and exclaimed, Guard, youre being ridiculous, look at my clothes! Over here, thats my steward Marlo, my crest is on his clothes! Listen, a man with a job like yours has to recognize that when another man approaches the gate and looks like a lord, chances are he is a lord! Oh, I know, you can send word to Major Juna. Hes your superior and he would recognize me!
The guard softly chuckled and stepped inside the gates, yet Lord Fobata didnt dare follow him in case there were other guards just waiting for an excuse to attack him. The lord walked back to Marlo and shook his head, trying not to wonder what the guards rude behavior to him meant, what could have happened while he had been gone. 
Still, Marlo bluntly remarked, You know, Kotak is clever in his own ways if hes managed to so efficiently take over the palace from the inside by influencing the guards.
Fobata groaned. Please, dont talk like that to me. Were going to get in there and meet Womba somehow even if all of the guards oppose him!
Suddenly, they heard a grinding sound and the two men turned to see that a side door was opening with a group of soldiers sticking their heads outside. Fobata grinned as he recognized Sergeant Gnat and quickly waved at Marlo, although the steward was already grabbing the reins of the horses so that they could rush forward to meet the group.
Fobata breathed a sigh of relief. Gnat, its good to see a familiar face, even if weve had our bad times in the past! Listen, the guard wouldnt let me in and theyre acting strangely. Has something happened while Ive been gone?
Gnat slowly nodded. You could say that, but we dont have time to explain. The horses cant fit through the door, but theyll probably be fine enough out here. Just grab all of the bags you can save. Come on, move closer to the wall, itll offer us some cover.
Everyone squashed against the wall. Marlo and Fobata struggled with untying and leaving behind packs on the horses saddles as they realized that something was wrong with the way the soldiers were looking up at the sky. Suddenly, the air echoed with a shriek and everyone held still, trying not to move as a shadowy figure flew over the wall they were leaning up against. Its wings stretched out as it soared towards the open plains of the Valley. 
Gnat exhaled. Right, good job, nobody panicked. Remember, fellows, just take everything as it comes and keep yourself calm. Thats the best way to do things, objectively.
Lord Fobata shuddered. Oh, I couldnt do that so easily. I had enough trouble just then to keep myself from screaming. Thank goodness that Witta didnt see us. Come on, Sergeant Gnat, order your men back inside and lets get as far away as--
However, his voice died away as the guards yelled and a few of them ran outside the gates, calling out for Witta to come back. Fobata and the soldiers could see in the distance that the figure was turning around, the griffin heading back for them. 
Sergeants Gnat and Aman quickly shouted out orders as the lord, his steward, and the rest of the soldiers surged in through the side door, emerging into an alley. All of the soldiers immediately surrounded Fobata, who was hyperventilating, and Marlo. 
Another deafening command and the soldiers were marching, nearly running with their charges in the middle as they headed down the alley and then crossed a street, moving faster with Wittas approach. People walking along these same streets now had to stop or swerve to avoid jostling into the soldiers. 
At the same time, these people looked up and screamed at the sight of a griffin diving down from the air. Aman organized the archers to turn and fire up at Witta as they ran along. The griffin dodged arrows as he shrieked and stretched out his talons to reach for the lord so that Fobata and Marlo had to duck. The claws came so close to them. 
Witta snarled and roared, Step aside, soldiers. You are foolishly risking your lives here!
Aman bellowed, Archers, form up and keep firing. Someone give me a bow and a quiver! Gnat, go on ahead, well catch up with the rest of you!
Gnat slowly nodded and urged Fobata and Marlo on ahead. Most of the soldiers stayed behind and continued firing on Witta, distracting the griffin so much that he couldnt see which road the lord and the others took to their hiding place. 
An arrow pierced Wittas wing and he cried out as Aman lowered his bow, breathing heavily from the concentration it had taken him to get a good aim at the griffin. Finally, after all of that aggravation, Witta gave up and turned away, his flight slightly ragged since one of his wings was sorely wounded. The griffin cursed the soldiers that had wrecked his job. It seemed like he would never finish it.
A private grinned. Aman, that was a good shot. Youre really handy with a bow! Should we take care of the griffin?
Sergeant Aman shook his head. No, weve already taught Witta a valuable lesson. Theres no point in finishing him. Still, thanks for the compliment, although it was my great-uncle Lupo who helped me to perfect it quite a few years ago. Men, lets hurry back to the manor. Gnat and the others are probably worried about us and I am curious to hear why Witta was chasing after Fobata.

Around mid-morning, the group rode along a path at the foot of the first hills of the Popo region, the horses trotting at a steady pace. Lake loped alongside the riders, although one time, the hound had to scramble out of the way of Talans hooves, causing the falcons to laugh. Lake paused once or twice to chase after a rabbit, but he would abandon his quarry and hurry off after the group to avoid getting left behind. 
Suddenly, the old dog sniffed the air before he started whining and growling at the same time. His eyes roved towards a copse a distance away from the road where, if the group had been looking in that direction, they would have clearly seen smoke rising. 
Lake tried to catch Eldos attention, prancing beside Shadow and barking, but the young man was distracted by his own thoughts and didnt pay any attention to his dog. Finally, the hound howled and raced away from the group and the road as he headed into the thicket and disappeared, causing them all to immediately halt.
Eldo groaned. Oh, that stupid dog. Whats the matter with Lake? He usually never runs off like that! You all can stay here and wait for me. Ill go catch him by myself!
Ama shook her head. Eldo, you must be as stupid as your dog if you think we should stay here! Look at that tangled thicket. Itll take hours for you to search for Lake by yourself and we dont have the time to wait for you. Were coming!
Basha shrugged. Well, shes right, Eldo. Well separate and spread out through the thicket to look for Lake.
Eldo slowly nodded, although he didnt like to admit that Ama was right. They dismounted from their horses, leaving them to graze at the roadside before they started walking over towards the thicket. At the edge of the grove, each member of the group chose a different direction and stepped into the embrace of trees, trudging along through the underbrush. The falcons glided back and forth amongst the maze of trees. 
Their cries for Lake echoed throughout the thicket and in the middle of it all, Om lifted up his head and glanced around at trees, wondering if he had heard something. But the bandit just shrugged and continued packing. Shama and Om had delayed their departure from the copse, still recovering from their illness despite the cure they had received from Taus Cup. But now they both felt as fit as they had ever been before they had been stricken. 
On the other side of the camp, Shama had already finished packing his belongings, including the Cup, and now was mounting onto his horse. He would soon have to purchase new clothes since his Pinal soldiers uniform was getting dirty. 
It was at that moment that Lake rushed into their camp and skidded to a halt, firmly planting his paws as he started growling, barking, and howling at the two bandits. Both of them froze at the sight of the fierce dog. Their horses started bucking and prancing and Om quickly jumped onto his horse to calm down the beasts restlessness. Yet the man also fumbled at his pack. 
A short distance away, they heard a young man shouting, Lake! Everyone, I hear him, hes over there!
Shama moaned. Thats the last thing we need right now, curious little peasants! Come on, shut up that dog. Take out your bow.
Om rolled his eyes. What do you think Ive been doing? This silly bag--just give me a moment to string it.
Lake gave one last snap in the direction of the horses before he turned around and joyfully howled, glad that his master and the other humans had followed after him. The hound stepped closer to the edge of the clearing as he continued to bark repeatedly so that they would be able to follow his hue and cry to this camp. 
Now, closer than before, Om and Shama heard the young man yell, Hurry up, the trees are clearing up ahead. I think I see two men! Lake!
Then, perhaps just a short distance behind the young man, Shama and Om clearly heard Basha bellow, Eldo, please slow down! Oh, curse that dog! Come back here, we dont know who those men are!
Om gasped and nearly fumbled with the bow, but Shama hissed, Fire, you fool, we have to get out of here now! That was Basha, I remember his voice! We need to make good our escape!
Om instantly fired at Lake, who collapsed in mid-bark, and then quickly unleashed a wave of arrows into the thicket. He slapped his horse into a gallop and the two bandits raced out of the clearing. 
A few minutes before, the entire group had been converging and moving towards the clearing and the direction of Lakes clamor. Basha and Eldo were in the lead when suddenly, they couldnt hear the dog anymore. 
The two of them halted and just a bare second later, an arrow thunked into a tree trunk just by their heads. They immediately screamed and ducked as more arrows whizzed by over their heads and all around them. 
A few minutes passed and when Basha and Eldo were certain that they couldnt hear any more arrows flying, they stood up and called out for the others. Monika, Jobe, Ama, Fato and Frigo appeared, looking none the worst for wear despite having to dive for cover from the arrows. When Eldo was sure that everyone was fine, he immediately ran into the clearing.
Basha groaned and leaned against a tree trunk. Oh, my headwas that Shama I just heard? That would be just great if we lost him just then. Did anyone see him or his army?
Ama frowned. Actually, before the arrows, I did catch sight of two men. They were dressed in the uniforms of Pinal soldiers and I remember hearing rumors that several days ago, a unit of Pinal soldiers stopped at Coe Wana. They were rushed to the care of doctors as an illness had just about wiped them all out. However, supposedly a pair survived. Was that them?
Monika slowly nodded. The drunk at Coe Dobila, I think he mentioned that they had been wearing such uniforms. Its odd that Shama and just one other man would have survived such a devastating illness. There must be some reason why that happened.
Jobe glanced over at the clearing. Everyone, its so quiet. Do you think something is wrong with Eldo and Lake?
The group glanced at each other before they slowly walked over towards the clearing, not really fearful that Shama still remained, only fearful of what they would see. When they stepped into the clearing where the bandits had made their camp, their fears were justified.
Eldo sat on the ground, cradling the weak, wounded body of Lake as the hound weakly whimpered. Ama inhaled sharply and lowered her head, feeling ashamed of the arguments between herself and Eldo with his Lake dying now. It had no relation to the petty strife between them, but still, she knew that she would try to be nicer to the young man from now on. 
The falcons perched in a tree and Fato murmured, Poor Lake, it doesnt look good for the dog.
Monika squatted down next to Eldo and told him, Well, perhaps we can save him. Eldo, it was helpful that you removed the arrow, but I need you to cover up the wound for now. Ill head back for Deja. The Blue Sword is in my pack. I hope itll work on animals. 
Eldo moaned. Dont worry, you dont have to go to all of that trouble. Lake is used to what I do. I saved him once before when a boar gored him. Watch, this is something that you all need to know about me.
The group was struck speechless by his strange words, yet they watched as Eldo placed his hands on Lakes chest and pushed his energy into the old dog. Lake twitched and Eldo grunted with the effort, but finally, the wound was patched and completely mended. The hound jumped out of his masters arms and started to run about the clearing, barking at the falcons. 
The group gasped and Monika barely managed to catch Eldo before he nearly fainted. She lifted him up onto his feet and shook him a little until he gained enough sense to stabilize himself. Eldo blinked a few times before he glanced around at the rest of the group, all of whom were trying not to gawk at him as he helplessly shrugged and flushed.
Basha stepped forward. You dont have to be embarrassed. Its just so amazing to us. I dont really have much knowledge about magic, except what Ive been exposed to over the years. Still, I know enough to realize that your talent is extraordinary, maybe the only talent of its kind. Did someone in your village teach this to you?
Eldo shook his head. No, it was never taught to me. I somehow learned it all by myself a few years ago. Its hard to explain, but it started when I was a child. 
My father was a fisherman and my mother was the village midwife. Perhaps it is possible that she had the same ability and used it for her work, but I never got the chance to ask her. 
In any case, my father and Uncle Mik were too poor to own their own boats, so they combined their money and bought the first The Sea Angel. Sometimes they would be gone for a week at a time on their fishing trips, but at least they earned good money. When I was 6 years old, my father decided to take all of us, my mother, Uncle Mik, the other crewmembers and myself, out on a small cruise on The Sea Angel to celebrate another successful harvest. 
It was a joyful event. We explored some islands and had a picnic lunch, but as the sun descended, we headed back to Coe Ryn. Even though the waves were a little choppy, my father and the others thought nothing of it. Soon after, it became apparent that something horrible was approaching as the surf undulated even more, the waves cresting higher over the side of the boat and tossing it about.
At that point, Eldo had to pause to clear his throat. The group, in the midst of the story, had sat down on the ground and now they fidgeted slightly. Lake loped over and started whimpering for some attention from them, so Ama reached over to pet the dog, which lied down on the ground at her feet. Eldo stared at them for a moment, thinking that the young woman and his dog made a lovely scene.
 Eldo suddenly recalled his story. He shuffled his feet as he continued, The clouds grew darker and meshed together as lightning flashed in the distance and thunder shortly followed, the brightness and the rumble coming closer. I cant exactly say how The Sea Angel broke apart.
It wasnt a strong boat and yet boats dont really collapse or anything like that. Yet some boards must have been scraped off and it overturned as everyone fell into the ocean. 
Somehow, in the midst of all that mess, Uncle Mik grabbed me and we sort of swam or were tossed onto shore. Nobody else survived. Afterwards, since Uncle Mik couldnt take care of me when he had lost his only source of income, long before he had ever gone into the shipbuilding business, he gave me into the care of grandfather Qik. 
That was when my talent first surfaced, for my grandfather would sometimes get sick. I would stay with him until the healer came, only to find each time that nothing was wrong with him any more. It took awhile, but finally they started to realize my powers in healing and after that, they tried to make my life as ordinary as possible, despite such oddity. Then you all came and now Im not normal anymore. 
The group protested that he was just like any other young man, but Eldo shook his head. It was getting late in the day so they walked back, emerging from the tangle of trees as Fato and Frigo wheeled and sailed about in the open air, free of the groves confinements. 
The group mounted their horses and set off, followed right behind by the falcons and the hound. The group started eating their lunches on horseback, though Basha wished that they could stop and eat properly. But they had wasted enough time in the thicket with Shama. However, Eldo hadnt even opened his pack yet to get out his lunch.
Basha sighed. Eldo, you have to remember to eat something. I know that you feel terrible, after having to relate such a harrowing event, but its not healthy to dwell too much on the past. Believe me, Ive been through such spells before. Im sorry, maybe Im being too callous with you. 
Eldo glanced over. No, its fine. I understand where youre coming from after all of the stories about what happened to you. Dont worry, Ill eat. I know its not like I can change the past. 
Basha stared at Eldo as he quickly leaned over, grabbed his food out of his pack, and started eating it, despite the discomfort of riding and eating along an uneven road. But when Basha rode away towards the other end of the group and wasnt watching him anymore, Eldo stopped eating. He shook his head and gazed up at the blue sky for quite a while as Shadow managed to keep up a steady trot with the other horses despite the absence of his riders guidance.
 
Chapter 9: The Assault on Coe Kiki
Back at the manor, Sergeant Gnat left Fobata and Marlo in the entrance hall to report to Major Juna. While he was gone, Sergeant Aman and the rest of the soldiers returned. Fobata tried to ask what had happened to Witta, but Sergeant Gnat and Major Juna entered the room. The soldiers saluted their major before he ordered them to relax and then dismissed them. The men rushed out of the room, patting themselves on the back, although Gnat and Aman stayed behind and the major didnt object.
Fobata strode up to Juna. Good morning. I apologize again for my bad behavior to you as my servant, so please tell me whats happened so far. Kotak has been trying to kill me and youre all out here and I dont know whats going on. I hadnt thought he would do anything so soon. I had thought that any plans he had were just in his mind. 
Juna sighed. Well, my lord, Im afraid to say that its progressed right towards the brink. He will take over within a few days, maybe even tomorrow. I was lucky enough to first notice what was going on about a month ago. 
There were some odd forms regarding soldiers and guards, all signed by Kotak. Apparently, most of the privates that have been moved here within the last month or even longer came from Coe Wana. They display skills far beyond their supposed rank and once they came here, they started spreading rumors about Womba. 
Most of the other guards either believed the rumors or else were too afraid to try and leave with us, although we didnt hang around to find out just how many men were afraid. In any case, theyve received plenty of supplies, including weapons, and here we are--outnumbered and out-armed and all we can do is hope. What about you, why were you coming back here?
Fobata rubbed his forehead. Nobody ever told me and nobody ever told Kotak. I just came back from Coe Wan. Wheres Pacaben? He knew about Kala being Kotaks daughter and Bashas mother. Surely he would have thought to tell Kotak. It might have made Kotak doubt his reasons for any plots.
Gnat blinked. Yes, he did know and we knew, Juna and myself. Still, I suppose we never considered that such a tactic could be used with Kotak when we first learned hat he was up to evil deeds. Oh, Pacaben is still confined to his room. Some privates pushed him down three flights when he tried to warn Womba. The poor man wants to fight, but it might be a few more weeks before his bones are strong enough.
Marlo shuddered. Try giving him goats milk. Ive heard from women in the past that its good for strengthening bones. Three flights of stairs. Hes strong to have survived that and quite brave to go through such lengths for his king.
Fobata slowly nodded. Yes, I agree, and in my own humble way, I want to add my efforts to this endeavor to stop Kotak. In my youth, I created strategies that helped win many battles. Such knowledge hasnt faded from my mind.
I know that this wont be like any normal battle. We wont be fighting in open fields when were probably bound by these city walls, but I want to help. Perhaps I would have volunteered as a spy inside the palace, but such an option isnt available to me since Kotak is already so anxious to get rid of me.
Juna shrugged. Well, I suppose Ill accept your help, since it is so freely given. But you must not regret that you wont be able to serve as a spy. We dont know for sure about what will happen, if Kotak will either try to arrest or kill Womba. But we hope that before then, we might be able to contact Lord Zokla.
Can Lord Zokla help us here? Fobata asked.
He has always been our last hope. Juna said. Perhaps it will be easy enough to reach him, but we dont know for sure. Or maybe we can reach Papia or so. If things work out, Zokla will serve as our spy and he might be able to save King Womba or Queen Mina or Prince Wonan whenever Kotak usurps control. 
That is perhaps the most important thing. Juna added. We must find a way to keep at least one of them safe so that there will be a link to the throne and Kotak will be precarious in his position. In any case, when he does arrogate the throne, he has no real legitimate claim. Surely others will contest him, not only the king but other lords. With luck, he will not last long.
Fobata groaned. Youre wrong and thats what is so horrible about all of this! Lord Kotak does have a claim to the throne. I even have a claim to the throne, curse our bloodlines!
Aman gasped. Lord Fobata, surely you must be talking nonsense. Dont say that its true! How can that be possible? I mean, whats the connection?
Fobata sighed and explained the family record of King Tilo having two sons, the eldest being King Jarkl the 2nd, and the youngest son being Lord Lamartan. He described Lord Lamartans jealousy, desiring the throne for himself, and how he had even pledged himself to Doomba. 
He described how Lord Lamartans son Augla and two of Auglas sons, Ovla and Joq, continued this tradition with Rhia disassociating himself from the family, revealing the familial connnections between himself, Kotak and Pavga, and then Lagotaq and Zokla. Then he mentioned an inheritance.
Fobata inhaled deeply and said, Doomba once sent an emissary to the Oracle of the Tau River, who revealed that his days were numbered. For years, Doomba tried to find the lion of light and then when time started to run out, he put Kotak in charge of trying to stop his approach. 
In fact, Kotak was the one that came and told me that I should imprison any travelers that arrived at Coe Eela on a certain date. Still, Doomba knew that there was a chance that such efforts wouldnt work. He needed someone to carry on his evil traditions, preferably someone high up in the ranks of society. 
For many years, my family has been the most likely candidates, being so close to the throne, to inherit all of Doombas powers. At the time of Doombas death, perhaps Kotak was the one most readily available and perfect enough to receive the inheritance. 
Gnat shuddered. Does that mean Kotak has all of Doombas powers right now? Will he use them in the usurpation?
Fobata shook his head. No, I dont think he has all of them. He might have some, but supposedly there was some sort of secret prophecy that Doombas heir would receive his full powers only on the full moon of the 34th day of the 9th month. According to all the star charts that I have read, the next time that will happen is in about 25 years. 
However, perhaps around the time of Doombas fall, Kotak could have been given a small dose of Doombas enormous power to keep himself healthy and active. A normal 75-year old man would hardly have been fit enough to even consider taking over a kingdom. 
Juna slowly nodded, slightly relieved that, despite all of the trouble they were facing, they didnt have to worry about Kotak being as powerful as Doomba. Fobata sighed and walked out of the entrance hall, feeling uncomfortable about the situation now to ask if there were any spare rooms, while Marlo followed right behind his lord.  
Major Juna turned his head and faced Gnat and Aman. You both may retire for the day, sergeants. You both have done well in rescuing Fobata. What happened to Witta?
Aman cleared his throat. Well, we fired at and wounded him, frustrating him enough so that he flew away. I didnt think it was necessary to kill the griffin.
Juna shrugged. Well, in due time, well learn whether or not you made the right decision. But I commend your kindness. Still, for now, all we can do here is sit and wait for Kotak to make the first move, much as I hate the idea. Hopefully, he wont get the upper hand.
Gnat stepped forward. Sir, you mentioned trying to contact Lord Zokla. Could I be in charge of that effort?
Juna chuckled. I give you the day off and yet you still want to work and risk your life! Fine, you can go ahead and make the effort. I hear that his son Papia sometimes goes to a tavern around mid-day. Ill take you to the lieutenant that knows about the place. But if you do manage to contact Papia and thus Zokla, promise me then that youll give yourself a break in duty.
Gnat rolled his eyes. Fine, Ill accept the terms. Dont worry, Ill have a good talk with Papia and hopefully, if he gets a chance to talk with his father, our odds against Kotak will improve.

Gnat managed to contact Papia. By dawn of the next day, a crimson sun rose on the 13th day of Juli as young Prince Wonan rushed into his parents bedroom and woke them up as usual by jumping on the bed. The royal couple sat up and Queen Mina played with her son. King Womba was just stretching when they heard a knock on the door, causing him to smile.
Mina absent-mindedly rubbed Wonans head. I dont want Kotak to disturb us now. Tell him to go away.
Womba turned around and told her, I know its not him, darling. Last night I ordered that breakfast should be brought up to us around this time. I thought it would be a nice little surprise for you. I know how much you value some time to ourselves.
Mina grinned and nodded as Womba answered the door to a servant standing outside with a cart piled with breakfast dishes, cups, and an odd pile of clothes. The servant wheeled the cart into the room as Mina and Wonan stood up and hurried over to serve themselves, while the servant held out the pile of clothes to the king.
The servant bowed his head and explained, Your Majesty, while I was heading up to your room, Lord Zokla met me in the hall. He gave me these clothes to give to you. He asked me to tell you that he apologizes that he did not receive the news sooner. But this was the best he could do on such short notice from Hart.
King Womba blinked and asked, Hart? Are you sure that was the name he used?
The servant nodded. I have good ears and a good memory, your Majesty. I clearly heard Hart. Please, enjoy your meal.
The servant bowed and left as King Womba slowly walked over and deposited the clothes on a pillow. He sat down and ate along with the rest of his family, but couldn't help thinking about the message. 
Queen Mina wiped off some crumbs. Dear Womba, you seemed quite shocked about that name Hart. What was the meaning of that?
Womba sighed. Hart is the real name of Major Juna, my sweet.
Mina frowned. Yes, that is a little strange, especially when he has supposedly deserted with so many others. When you told me about them, I couldnt even begin to understand why they would do such a thing. 
Yet now something must be afoot if Zokla sent you those clothes. Theyre peasant clothes. And he apologized for some obscure reason related to news from Juna. Something must be wrong. Do you know anything that could possibly explain this?
King Womba shook his head. I know nothing that could explain all of this, but perhaps something I heard yesterday might deepen this mystery. Reports came in of a griffin swooping down from the air to attack a group of men. I dismissed these reports as gossip and lies, perhaps derived from ale. Yet if such stories are true, it still doesnt connect with everything else or give us any explanation.
Mina shrugged as Wonan jumped off the bed stood at the window, looking down as he exclaimed, Mother, father, come see the soldiers! Theyre my soldiers and theyre marching for me!
Womba and Mina joined their son at the window, looking down at the privates marching in the courtyard. The queen whispered, Thats right, Wonan, theyll be your soldiers. Still, that wont be for years yet. Womba, youre too hard on those soldiers, having them drill at this time of day.
Womba stared at them. Honey, you know that Im not harsh on them. It isnt my doing to have them march at such an early hour, its the troop leaders who assign drill times, although this isnt usual for them.
King Womba and Queen Mina glanced at each other, both feeling that something wasnt right, yet they still couldnt figure out this bad feeling or if it had any connection with all of the other mysteries that they were confronting. Just then, Prince Wonan raced away from the window and called out that he wanted to play. So the king and the queen turned away from the soldiers, distracted by their desire to focus attention upon their sweet son, the future of Arria.

At that moment, Lord Kotak had been using the map inside his book to navigate his way through the basement rooms that contained the armory. When he reached the room indicated on the map, he stepped inside and started digging around in the piles. 
The lord threw aside some of the old weapons and armor before he found the perfect lode, a jumble of rusted swords in the middle of the pile. He eagerly pounced on them and started tunneling in earnest, thinking that he would recognize the Sword easily enough. Kotaks hope was fulfilled. 
He smiled and reached down to clutch the hilt without feeling any shocks or sores before he pulled it out and blew off the dust to see that this was the Yellow Sword, the Sword of Air. Perhaps the rest of the Swords of Arria were scattered elsewhere, maybe there were even one or two more here in Coe Kiki, but for now he was satisfied just to have found this one.
He thanked the mysterious author of the book that had led him here. He dug around in another pile until he pulled out an appropriate sheath, which he attached to his belt before sliding the Sword in. He turned and left the room, walking down the basement corridor until he reached the foot of the stairs. 
Lord Kotak walked up the stairs and met a pair of guards at the top, who escorted him down a side hallway and out to the courtyard where the guards were marching. The lord paused for a moment to admire them, thinking how curious that, by not signing the form that permitted the search for the deserters, Wombas actions had finally convinced the doubtful guards that he wasnt fit to be a ruler. 
A few were still talking about just arresting Womba and Mina, making their son Wonan king with a regent to guide him. But in good time, Lord Kotak knew that he would force them to realize that no member of the royal family should rule. At last, the lord straightened and stepped forward into the courtyard. The soldiers halted as one of the guards hurried forward, carrying a wooden box that he placed on the floor in front of the assembled crowd. 
Kotak stepped onto the wooden box. Soldiers, your training and your efforts will now be needed to fulfill our designs for this day. On this day, we will prove to the world that we cannot stand for a leader who does not utilize our talents, who abuses their power, and has caused so many other problems. Now is the time that we show all of Arria what abilities we have within ourselves and what we are capable of doing! He shouted.
The soldiers cheered, although Lord Kotak knew that they didnt quite comprehend everything he uttered in his vague speech. Still they turned about and started tramping towards the palace with the lord taking his place in front of them. Meanwhile, Womba swore softly and spun about to face Mina, who was covering up Wonans ears.
Mina glared at him and hissed, Dont use such language when your son can hear you!
Womba sighed and muttered, Im sorry, but Kotaks down there and it looks like hes riling up the soldiers. Some odd notions are starting to come to my mind about him and the guards.
Queen Mina frowned as King Womba turned back to the window, squinting down as he saw Kotak reaching down to unsheathe a sword, glinting at the sunlight. Kotak pointed the blade at the door and suddenly, the door and the wall surrounding it just collapsed. Even from his room, the king felt the blast wave of air that had caused the collapse.
Wonan cried and Mina shrieked, Womba! What is he doing? 
Womba shuddered and moaned. It must be a takeover or something like that. I dont understand why. He started pacing and fretting. I dont understand how so many guards could be with him. Oh, there must have been signs. The desertion, I should have realized that they wouldnt have left unless something was wrong. But I just didnt see anything. Still, its too late, were stuck here.
Mina glanced over at the pile of clothes. Not necessarily, sweet husband. Zokla has already apologized that he didnt find out about this revolt soon enough. But at least he has sent us a way to get out of here.
They changed into the peasant outfits, all of which fit perfectly. The royal family tossed aside their wealthy clothes before they glanced at each other, feeling slightly odd, but they shrugged off such feelings and left the room. Womba and Mina hoped that they would be able to escape unobserved. 
At that moment, Kotak was marching through the palace. He held the Yellow Sword straight out in front of him, occasionally chuckling whenever he let loose a blast of air to fling aside the panicked noblemen in his path. 
Following close behind the lord, the guards protected him from any attempted attacks by men who had quickly recovered from the blast. Still, most of the courtiers werent willing to fight and once news started to spread that an invasion was taking place, almost all of them started to run off and hide, terrified. 
In the midst of all this, Lord Ompa staggered through the halls, dazed and confused by the noise and chaos surrounding him. Women screamed, men fell, and children cried out for their parents. The lord passed by such scenes many times and he saw other variations of the disaster as he searched for a peaceful place where he could recover from the shock of this attack. 
Even when Goga had attacked Coe Kiki, he had never seen such death. Suddenly, Ompa caught sight of Bolo, Hamil, and Cica walking along calmly through the corridor as if they knew where they were heading. Without thought, he followed them as he hoped that their direction would lead him to an escape from the horror. 
Nearby, the guards protecting Kotak were set upon by a group of knights attempting one last stand against the invasion. The guards almost fell back from the force of these experienced knights, but the valiant knights still couldnt succeed when they were so outnumbered. 

Peri had been talking to Plin as the twins and Pala played when the first explosions were felt. Plin and the children started screaming, but Peri calmed them all down. He gave the children a toy to play with and told Plin that they were going to have to gather some baggage since they might have to leave soon. 
However, as he helped his wife gather up supplies, he realized that he hadnt seen his father all day long. When Peri told Plin that he had to go find his father, she exclaimed, Peri, no. Forget about Kotak for now! We dont know whats going on, but it sounds like theres a battle right outside these doors. I cant let you go off and leave us alone, even if your father is missing! 
Peri shook his head. I dont care what you think about it, Plin. But he might need my help, especially when he is an old man. I know you dont like him very much, even if I cant understand why, but we have to take care of him. 
Plin sighed. Fine, I can see that youre convinced, but your father isnt as weak as you seem to think. Hes been acting strangely lately. I cant describe it, but in any case, you can go on and find him. The rest of us will find a safe place outside to wait for you two. Good luck. 
Peri hesitated, not wishing to leave his family, but he kissed his wife and children good-bye before setting off in search of his father. He raced through the crowd of fleeing courtiers and servants whenever possible, the only person moving deeper into the palace and towards the source of the havoc. Yet he hardly noticed the crowd as he worried about his father and the rest of his family. 
A few minutes later, as Peri passed close by the throne room, he saw an oncoming group dashing towards him, intent only on escaping something behind them. Yet it was too late, for the air seemed to be sucked away from Peri and the others. They collapsed onto the ground and gasped for breath, the air sucked back towards a distant point before it was blasted forward at them. 
The intense gust hurled them into the air before it dispersed and dropped them on the floor, although Peri managed to avoid getting crushed by the other falling people as he scrambled away from them to see what had caused the wind. There, standing a few feet ahead of him was his father, holding out a sword in a fencers stance, the tip pointing right at him. But still he couldnt make the connection between the blast and Kotaks appearance. 
Peri sighed in relief. Father, thank goodness I found you. We have to get out of here! I mean, just look at this. I dont know whats happening, but someone powerful must have caused this! 
Kotak slowly nodded. Yes, someone powerful. Now let me pass, my son, just step aside. 
Peri blinked. Actually, I came for you, father. Did you not hear me? I mean, we shouldnt dally here. We should be leaving right now to meet up with my family or else we might get hurt. Everyone is panicking. People are getting wounded and its quite likely that somebody has already gotten killed! All of this must be some sort of invasion. Soldiers and mages might be coming this way, were in danger! Why are you still standing there?
Kotak sneered and took a step forward, keeping the Yellow Sword pointed at Peri as he explained, I am standing here because I am in no danger. Power is everything and I feel it coursing inside me, so I am safe from any harm. I must find them for the sake of Doomba. The king cannot escape and nothing can get in my way, Peri. So just save yourself by letting me proceed.
Peri gaped at his father, stunned at what the man had said. Yet it had to be true and now he couldnt stop himself from trembling. But he wouldnt step away. Perhaps throughout all of these years, he had seen the signs of Kotaks evil. Yet he had probably dismissed them as part of the eccentricity of the old man. Still, now that Peri was so confronted, anger, fear, and all sorts of feelings rushed through him just standing in front of Kotak. But he had one last hope that he might be able to reason with his father and end his evil before it was too late.
Peri took a step forward, not caring that this brought him closer to the swords tip. You are my father and I cannot allow you or any other man to commit murder and treachery. I place myself in your path, no matter what you try. So put down the sword and I will speak for your honor in trial. I will protect you, but you must understand now what Im willing to do to stop you. I am your son Peri and I am asking my father to recant the designs he plotted against Womba. 
There was a moment of hesitation when the world still seemed full of possibilities for Peri, chances to make everything right or at least as right as possible. But then Kotak flicked the Yellow Sword and power pulsed into air that lifted up his son and tossed him aside. 
Peri slammed into a wall and his leg cracked as he slid down onto his stomach, groaning as he looked up. But Kotak had already turned away and was running down the corridor, disappearing around a corner to continue his mission without caring for his son.
 Peri winced and reached down to gingerly touch his leg, which seemed as fragile as a stick now, before he slammed his fist hard on the floor in his rage. He reached up and rubbed his eyes, wondering for a moment if his father had been running to escape his own guilt about what he had done. But he really had no idea on the matter when it now seemed like the man wasnt human. 
Peri inhaled and exhaled slowly as he used his arms to push up his upper body, grimacing at the screaming pain from his broken leg. With those same arms and the one leg that still worked, he managed to crawl down the long corridor, focused on the main palace doors despite the burden and pain of his broken leg dragging behind him. 
He would call out for help whenever people ran past him. However, they ignored and bypassed him as they either left the palace or headed towards the throne room where Kotak was probably waiting to welcome pledges of loyalty. Then, one of the main palace doors opened and Peri heard a wail. He managed to lift his head and see the distant form of Plin, framed by the sunlight, hurrying towards him. Now he wouldnt have to struggle on alone.

When Kotak finally reached the royal apartments, there was no trace of the royal family. He tried not to think that he might have just missed them because of his son, but his new method of hunting for the royal family by going from one room to another, breaking open doors and frightening the occupants before checking all over for any hiding places, often ruining the rooms in the process, was really just a way to dispel his pent-up rage and distress. 
Lord Kotak was so immersed in his search that he ignored the occupants and their servants, who would often take their chance to rush out of the room and down the hallways to depart the palace. In such chaos, hardly anyone paid attention and in this way, Womba, Mina, and Wonan managed to escape, close to invisible in their plain clothes. 
Even Yaggee overlooked them when he strode past them on his way towards Kotak. The lord was ripping aside curtains when Yaggee knocked on the doorframe, startling Kotak as he spun about with the Yellow Sword withdrawn. But he quickly sheathed it at the sight of his teacher.
Yaggee glanced around. Well, if youre not busy at the moment, I think that its imperative you should head to the throne room. Some courtiers are already gathered there to pledge their loyalty to you, although I doubt theyll linger for too long if you dont show up. Have you had any luck?
Kotak growled. I dont know what went wrong. It seemed to be perfect, yet I havent found Womba or any of them. If I dont get rid of them, how can I keep everything steady? Still, Ill worry about them later. Theyre bound to turn up eventually. Ill go face those courtiers and accept their vows.
Yaggee slowly nodded, wondering if he should tell Kotak to pay no mind and keep on with his search when destroying the king and prince would cement their success. But Yaggee was too rusty in his political skills to deal with the courtiers himself and it was important that the lord should make the connection with his subjects, now that he was ruler. 
The two men left the room and wandered down a few hallways and flights of stairs, occasionally nodding at the guards finishing up the last of the resistance, before they reached the throne room. Yaggee held the door open as Lord Kotak stepped inside, one hand gripping the hilt of the Yellow Sword as he riveted his gaze upon the few dozen men and women waiting, all of whom quivered as they bowed and curtsied. 
Kotak smirked and strolled over towards the throne, his progress watched by the courtiers. Lord Ompa tried not to flinch at the sight of the Yellow Sword that had caused so much damage. Still, it was sheathed and Ompa wasnt afraid yet, although he was starting to worry about his situation. He shouldnt have so blindly followed Bolo, Cica, and Hamil. 
The three men stood near Ompas right, probably eager to swear allegiance to Kotak, and on the other side of the room, he spied Zokla and Papia, although it was odd that those two had stayed when they were loyal to King Womba. And all of these men were so calm. Why werent they afraid?
The lord couldnt help wondering if they had received some sort of prior knowledge about Kotaks usurpation. But it was difficult for him to speculate, especially when Kotak turned about to face them, certain to call on someone now. Lord Ompa had to admit that he was afraid.
Kotak guffawed and shouted, Step forward, Lord Zokla and his son Papia. Both of you will now be rewarded for your cowardice! By my usurpation, all titles were stripped, but now I make the titles and you two will be my first lords!
Lord Zokla and Papia scurried forward, bowing their heads in acceptance to Kotak before they stepped away. However, the two men observed and memorized every aspect of the next lordly promotions so that they would be able to report back to Major Juna and eventually King Womba, if he had managed to escape. 
A few others were called up and given back their old titles by Kotak, although both Hamil and his younger brother Cica were the next ones to be called Kotaks lords. Papia noted their smug looks. A minute later, even as Hamil and Cica had already started another argument in the middle of the crowd, Kotak called Ompa forward. Zokla and Papia leaned forward to watch the man hesitate before he took a step forward and tripped. 
The ceremony was delayed for a few moments as Ompa, mumbling to himself, slid, staggered, and lurched his way towards Kotak. Zokla sighed in sympathy for his poor nephew while Papia growled and muttered to himself, somehow convinced that his cousin wasnt as innocent as he seemed. 
When Ompa reached Kotak, Kotak hurriedly dubbed him lord and sent him back, not even waiting for him to step off the dais before he called for Bolo. Bolo acted nonchalant as he ambled over and bowed to the usurper. 
Kotak chuckled and declared, Everyone, behold Lord Bolo, my heir to Arrias throne!
People gasped and Hamil and Cica each attempted to take a step forward to protest when they felt like they deserved the honor more than their step-cousin did. However, they retreated when they didnt want to risk Kotaks rage. 
When Bolo backed away from the throne, no one could see the expression on his face, but Zokla and Papia were certain that he had expected such a title to be given to him. After the rest of the courtiers received or were given back their titles, they bowed once more to King Kotak. 
With that, the guards marched in to accompany the courtiers back to their rooms. If a courtier did not live in the palace, they were housed together in the guestrooms since none were allowed to leave the palace. When they were gone, Kotak and Yaggee set to work ordering the guards to secure the doors and gates of the palace complex for security was now their top priority with the completion of the invasion. 
However, the usurpation could hardly be called complete when the royal family was still missing, but at that time they could only spare one troop to send out into Kikis streets to pursue them.  By noon, things had quieted down enough for Kotaks thoughts to revolve back to Peri. But there was no sign of his son and since he couldnt deal with family matters when there was so much else to do, he didnt send anyone out to look for him. 

Despite the invasion taking place hours ago, there was still plenty of chaos in the streets. Refugees from the palace rushed about the city, seeking shelter and escape, especially whenever they encountered the troop that Kotak had sent on patrol. However, Major Juna and a force of his men were also present on the streets, carefully disguised as members of the crowd. However, they had concealed weapons with them just in case they were confronted by the troop. 
Most of them hadnt expected the usurpation to take place today and so they had not been ready to fight the insurrection at first, but now they were working on damage control. For the most part, they would pick out a sensible evacuee and separate that person from the crowd to question them about what they had witnessed in order to receive any valuable piece of information. 
Some of these witnesses even volunteered their medical, covert, or military services for the Kings Servants, as some nicknamed Junas loyal force after his previous troop. But no one had any hopes of finding the royal family. They had found some courtiers earlier and Peris family as well, although they hadnt been convinced enough that Peri wasnt a spy until he had sworn an oath and told the story of his broken leg. 
Major Juna had just sent Peri and his family to the mansion when a scout rushed up to him and reported, Theres a family of servants I want you to see, sir. My group was still trying to round them up when I was sent out.  
Juna sighed. Right, Ill go check them out, although I must say that I never realized before that so many servants had families living with them at the palace.
Major Juna and the scout headed down a street and found a mob blocking their path, so they headed down an alleyway. They had to wait for Kotaks troop to pass by before they crossed to the other side of the street. Some children were playing in front of a building and close by a crowd of Junas plain-clothed soldiers parted ranks for Juna to reach the family. 
Major Juna had only stepped around the first soldier when he caught sight of the family, the parents sitting on the ground while the little boy stood and gazed around at everything, but he instantly recognized them. The major bowed his head as Womba and Mina stood up and rushed forward to shake hands and hug their friend.
They parted and Womba smiled. It is good to see you, Juna. We should have known that something was wrong when you all deserted. There was an odd account yesterday about a griffin chasing a crowd of men. Was that an agent of Kotak? 
Juna nodded. Yes, that was Witta, you remember him from the Gryphon Gang. He was chasing Fobata, who had only just arrived, but some of my soldiers ensured that Fobata survived.
I see, Kotak was after Fobata. Womba muttered.
Im sorry we all had to leave like that, your Majesty, but Kotak had implanted some privates from Wana that gained influence with the other guards. Juna told him. We were quite in the minority and it wouldnt have done any good if we had been snuffed out then and there. But now with some of the new additions from the palace, our numbers are growing. My king, we are at your service to help you contest Kotak and reclaim your proper throne.
Thank you, Juna, you and your men have done well. Womba nodded. 
The soldiers surrounded the royal family before they all walked back to the mansion. When they arrived, they were greeted by a flurry of people, but Womba took charge and ordered them to go back to work. Queen Mina kissed her king and then gathered up Wonan, thinking that she would have to entertain him. But then the twins Pim and Pip rushed into the room. 
The prince shrugged out of his mothers arms and went over to play with them. Plin walked into the room, clutching baby Pala in one arm as she helped her Peri get used to a crutch that a nurse had given him to walk with. However, the couple paused at the sight of the king and queen and bowed their heads. 
Womba was surprised to see Peri here, but on a hunch, he asked him, What happened to your leg? 
Peri softly sighed before he answered, My father did this to me, your Majesty. I had not realized until then that evil was in his heart. Then again, perhaps its just insanity, especially since he still follows Doomba even when hes dead. 
Womba slowly nodded, knowing that he could never guess at the magnitude of feelings plaguing Peri about his father. But then he turned to face the work in front of him. The king sat down with Juna, Fobata, and the other leaders. Pacaben even managed to come out of his room, as they all made and discarded plans while the hours passed. 
After dinner, the children went off to bed and the adults stayed awake a little while longer to come up with some realistic strategy for facing Kotak. But they couldnt come up with anything before they were also forced to retire to their rooms from sheer exhaustion.
 
Chapter 10: Duties, Love, and the Avalanche
The next morning, the 14th day of Juli, the group awoke and prepared themselves to face the day when they would reach Coe Giga. While they ate breakfast, they debated over which supplies they would need to purchase at town to refill their packs. After breakfast, everyone had to pack up their stuff once more and Eldo felt the urge to satisfy his curiosity again. 
So he used that chaotic time as an opportunity to grab The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer from Bashas pack again. He sat down on the other side of camp and, as Lake the hound sat on guard beside his master, he found the place he had left off at to read:
As the lord in exile comes back to save the Wise One,
The Kirna reveals himself.
The Servant Lord of Doomba takes the Fortress,
So the Wise One is forced to flee.

The heroes come to the City,
As the Hart bows to the Wise One.
Yet not even the small bug,
Can save the Hart from his fate.
Eldo closed the book at that point, too mystified and frightened by the prophecy to continue anymore for now. However, he was starting to realize that perhaps some terrible things were ahead for them with such an ominous title of The orals Curse. He quickly placed the book back into Bashas pack, but now he found himself with a question, the meaning of an odd word that was probably from the Old Language. 
So he approached Monika as she finished packing and asked, Can you tell me what kirna means? 
Monika considered the word for a moment before she replied, In the Old Language, it means something like a bodyguard or a protector. Where did you hear that word? 
Eldo shrugged and mumbled, Oh, I dont know, although it has been on my mind for awhile now. 
Monika slowly nodded and mounted onto Deja. Eldo walked over towards Shadow and clambered onto the horse, all the while reflecting that perhaps he was the Kirna. After all, he had saved the lives of Basha and Monika once before. Even then, he had sworn to himself that he would protect them with his sword and healing powers. 
It was his destiny and Ringla surely must have known that he would be of great use to the lion of light. The rest of the group was already mounting their horses and Eldos mind soon returned to the present. A moment later, the horses set off at a gallop and Lake managed to lope alongside them as Frigo and Fato soared above them for a few hours. During that time, Eldo and Ama rode beside each other. 
There was a slight uncertainty between them at first, but then Ama sighed and murmured, Eldo, I must apologize to you since I suppose I started our quarrel back at the inn.
Eldo glanced at Ama as he told her, Huh? You mean with the chicken? Really, it isnt necessary. I had been a bit rash to take such insult at your choice. After all, your chicken was quite good and--I dont know. Maybe our maturation has been so uneven with our losses that we dont know how to react properly.
Ama blinked and remarked, You know, I havent really considered such an aspect. But I dont think it really is anybodys fault or any one thing exactly. Anyway, what was Coe Ryn like?
Eldo smiled and spent some time explaining the uniqueness of his town, poised at the rough edge of the world and yet connected to all parts. Then Ama had to tell him about Coe Wana and what her life had been like in such an active city. In this way, their conversation whiled away the hours until Fato gave a shout that he had spotted Coe Giga.
Then they all spotted the town, as well as the distant outline of Old Ft. Na a few miles away. Giga had been built many years ago to supply and house the soldiers in the fort and the miners that dug out the rich minerals of the hills. In any case, it was a welcome sight for the group and they cheered at this sign of civilization.
Soon they were riding into town and booked a couple of rooms at the local inn before they headed out to several stores to replenish their supplies. After stuffing their purchases into their packs, they rode back to partake of the inns offerings for lunch. 
When they had finished, Jobe patted his stomach. That was marvelous, although I must tell you, Ama, that wasnt as good as what you served at your fathers inn! Well, a full stomach certainly wears me out. I suppose Ill head upstairs for a nap.
Most of the group agreed, although Frigo insisted, I dont feel tired just yet. Im 5 years old, thats 10 in falcon years. Im too old to take naps. Come on, father, youve been telling me for days now that youre going to show me how to hunt or are you going to back out of that promise?
Fato frowned and replied, Well, I meanno, I cant do that. I wont back down on a promise to my son, especially since it is my fatherly duty to show you the natural way of life for falcons like ourselves.
Frigo rolled his eyes and muttered, My, what hypocrisy from a noble falcon.
Fato blinked and mumbled, Yes, hypocrisyyour mother certainly has been teaching you quite a few words, I must say, expanding your mind. Never mind that, were off, everyone, see you all later!
Fato and Frigo took wing and soared out of the window. After that, the group trooped upstairs to their rooms, Basha and Monika in one, Eldo and Jobe in another, leaving Ama with a room to herself. Then they all settled down for an afternoon nap. 
However, barely more than an hour later, Basha started tossing in his sleep, restless dreams stirring his mind. He finally woke and sat up, rubbing his forehead as he wondered what to do now. He sighed and slowly slid out of bed, careful not to disturb Monika since she looked so peaceful in her slumber. Then he crept out and headed downstairs. 
The common room appeared to be completely empty as he headed towards the bar, planning to sit there until the innkeeper returned. But then he paused as he saw two men sitting at a table in the corner, their backs to Basha as they talked to each other. But still he reached down to make sure that he had a knife in his pocket, for he had seen these same backs riding away from him in the thicket. 
At that moment, Om was describing a heist that he had once made to Shama when he caught sight of Basha out of the corner of his eye, recognizing him as one of the leaders of the Zarien warriors in the battle. Shama growled when Om told him and spun around to face Basha, who glared back. Om tried to snap up onto his feet like Shama had done, but he was a little unsteady and knocked over his chair. Shama rolled his eyes and slapped the man when he tried to bend down to pick up his chair. 
Shama turned back to face Basha. Good afternoon, Basha, its been a long time since weve had a chance to talk to each other. My ungainly companion here is Om, loyal enough to me, as a bandit, to fight for me if you should get any ideas.
Om had straightened himself and his chair, scowling at Shama, but Basha paid no mind to him. Basha smiled coldly. Ah, Shama! I must say that even though we havent spoken much, you already understand me! However, I know that there are only the two of you left. We have heard of the most unfortunate plague at Coe Wana. I have six companions with me to outnumber you both. And we are fueled by vengeance for your slayings of Zarien warriors. So return what you have stolen, surrender, and we might be merciful enough to send you two to prison instead to pay for your crimes.
Shama shook his head. This is not just about those dead warriors, this is about Taus Cup, and we will not surrender. As for us being outnumbered, I can assure you that we have allies in high places. They were the ones that hired me to steal the prize and if you mess with them, they are powerful enough to destroy you. If that means nothing to you, since you seem so ready to throw your life away, consider your friends. If you do not wish to see them come to harm, my advice is to turn around and not look back. 
Basha stiffened. Threats will not work. I can assure you also that we will not turn back and we wont back down as long as there is good in this world. 
Shama and Om automatically reached down to withdraw their swords and Basha cursed as he realized he only had his knife with him, having left the Black Sword behind. Basha dodged and avoided getting stabbed, flinging silverware and anything else he could find at them to throw them off, but he still didnt know how he was going to fight them alone.

Meanwhile, Fato and Frigo were returning from their hunt, Fato lecturing Frigo about his technique when Frigo cried, Father, Basha seems to be in trouble!
Fato looked through the open common room window as well and recognized the men that Basha was confronting as the two men that had raced away from them the other day. It was at that moment that they attacked Basha, who appeared to be unarmed.
Fato gasped. Frigo, go get help from the group, maybe I can give aid here! 
Frigo hesitated, wishing that he could help his father, but the young falcon nodded and flew off upstairs. Fato screeched loudly as he swooped in through the open window, talons extended in flight until they found a purchase on the back of Oms head. 
Om screamed and jumped onto his feet, reaching around as he dropped his sword in an attempt to grapple with the invisible menace. But Basha hardly noticed the cause of Oms distress as Shama tried to attack him. 
Meanwhile, Frigo franticly glided from closed door to closed door, shrieking for help when Eldo and Jobe stirred first and opened their door. Frigo stuck his head into the room and cried, Bashas in trouble downstairs! 
Eldo quickly armed himself and jogged down the steps as Jobe went to fetch Monika and Ama. The young man quickly inserted himself into the fight to help defend Basha from Shamas attack. However, Om had by that time managed to rip Fato off of the back of his head and fling him against a wall. Now he rushed over to help Shama deal with the two men as a small crowd started to gather to watch what was happening, uncertain and unwilling to intervene.
Despite the speed of Jobes response, the rest of the group found themselves at the back of the crowd, only able to hear the spectators cheers and the brawl itself, too far away to aid Basha and Eldo. Frigo cried out for his father, but the crowd overwhelmed his little voice and he couldnt guess at the state of Fato as the fight continued with enough force to knock over a few tables, including one with a candle. 
The cheers turned to screams as the flame caught on the curtains and spread to the wooden walls. The crowd immediately turned about to stampede out of the place. With the spread of the smoke, Shama and Om were able to abandon the fight and sneak out with the stampede, soon riding off on their horses with Taus Cup in Shamas pack. The two bandits now swore to protect each other from any further attacks by the group. 
Meanwhile, Basha and Eldo picked themselves off the floor, coughing at the spreading smog. Basha spotted the unconscious form of Fato and scooped up the falcon into his arms before they left. They managed to get outside where the others were anxiously waiting for them, unable to stay behind with the onrush of the crowd and the conflagaration. They all flocked to the stables where the packs were still on their horses. Monika unpacked the Blue Sword to heal the battle scars of Basha, Eldo, and Fato, causing the falcon to stir from unconscious to the delight of his son Frigo. 
When they left the stables, it was to find that the inn had completely collapsed and that the locals were busy extinguishing the smoking remains. So there was nothing much for them to do except head out, leaving behind Coe Giga and the inn, especially when they might get into trouble for brawling and accidentally causing the fire.
Around mid-afternoon, with camp set up miles away, the group finally was able to relax after the long crisis. They lounged on the ground or in their tents. Eldo chose to sit on a spot beneath the overhanging branches of a tree, leaning against the trunk until Basha walked up to inform him, Thank you for helping me earlier. I probably should never have done that, challenge Shama and Om without my Sword. It was foolish, I could have been killed for nothing at all than to satisfy myself. 
Eldo shrugged. At least they know you wont give up, Basha. Anyway, it wasnt too much trouble for me, but I do hope I can help you again in any way possible. 
Basha smiled. Well, at least I know I have a loyal friend in you. 
Basha turned away and headed off to find where Fato and Frigo were perched so that he could thank them as well. Eldo sighed as he looked up at the branches. Suddenly, someone thumped down on the ground beside him, causing him to lower and twist his head about to see Ama sitting close beside him as she glared at him. 
Ama cleared her throat. I cant believe you men! I heard you talking to Basha about getting yourself nearly killed and yet you just said that it wasnt much trouble! What do you have to say for yourself? 
Eldo stood up. Im tired of you always yelling at me! You sound like my grandfather, worrying over me like that! 
 Ama sighed and pulled him back down to sit beside her again. Well, who else would do something like that? You should care if someone likes you enough to tell you that! 
 Eldo blinked, opening and closing his mouth several times. You like me! I cant understand how you could keep yelling at me because you like me! Thats an odd way of showing me you! You know, Ama, I might even go so far as to say that Baron Jarbarr really was ensnared by your charms andlook, forget what I just said, Im an idiot to say such things when Jarbarr was a barbarian to you!
Ama gasped. Yes, you are an idiot! You dont even care how I would have felt if you got yourself killed! You almost fainted while caring for your dog and you dont even talk about what happened to you as a child! Look, Im tired of all this yelling and now I dont think that this is the proper way to do things either. But what would you suggest?
Eldo grinned. Do you want to know the proper way? If a girl likes someone, she kisses him, and thats the proper way! Thats the way it should be done!
Ama sheepishly shook her head. Fine, if you want it that way, youll get it!
With that said, Ama wrapped her arms around him and kissed him hard as Eldo lightly grasped the small of her back. Their lips lingered together for a moment before they parted, but they still held each other as they leaned against each other and the tree. 
Eldo sighed. That was wonderful. I never thought that a kiss could come out of arguing. 
Ama helplessly shrugged, blushing red, before they kissed again. Meanwhile, the rest of the group took the chance to quietly chuckle at the young couple for they had all heard the loud conversation, although Frigo made disgusted faces about the kissing. 
Basha glanced at his wife and asked her, Did you see that coming? 
Monika slowly nodded. I saw it coming a mile away. But I guess most girls have that ability. 
Basha shrugged. Well, its a lovely day for love, I would say, and the night will be just as perfect. He glanced up at the sky, still bright, but already fading. The moon will be high in the sky, the crickets will be singing, and its already pleasantly warm at this time of the year, not too hot. It makes you think, doesnt it? 
Monika looked at him and asked, Have you reconsidered? I still wish we could have a child before Im too old. 
Basha sighed and told her, Youll never be too old and maybe well have a child. But a kiss between us, underneath that high moon as the crickets sing, a sweet kiss in the middle of a long embrace as we fall asleep together. Surely that can be enough for tonight?
Monika rolled her eyes and muttered, Fine, I suppose thatll be fine enough for me, but this whole trip doesnt mean that we have to suspend our life. It doesnt mean that we can restrain our passions. It hardly seems healthy to me, especially your fears about me. Ive always been strong enough to face anything, you know that. Childbirth and raising a child wont be different.
Basha slowly nodded and leaned over to kiss Monika, who responded warmly, but he knew that she was punishing him. The hours passed by and dinner was served as the group sat together, chatting and laughing while Eldo and Ama held hands and leaned against each other. Monika carefully chewed her food and tried not to look at them, this young couple that was just as innocent as she and Basha had been when they fell in love in the midst of dangerous times.

As Kotak stood there, looking up at the moon, he couldnt help thinking that the brightness of the celestial orb mocked him in the reminder that two days of eternity had gone by without any sign of King Womba and his family. Perhaps this whole rebellion would be for nothing if they continued to live, but he wasnt bothered just by that. Despite Yaggees previous advice not to allow family to get in the way of his work, he was starting to regret what he had done to Peri. 
Kotak turned away from the moon and walked over to the leader of the privates and told him, Send out messengers across the country to report that the king and queen are momentarily incapacitated and that I am in charge during their seclusion. 
The private leader frowned. Sir? Are you certain that the people will believe it? I mean, there have been so many survivors. They could leave the city and spread the truth of your takeover! 
Kotak smiled. Then close the gates, lock them up tight. Nobody gets out, although food and visitors will be allowed inside Coe Kiki, as long as the guards keep a watch on the gates so that they wont be able to leave again.
The private leader cleared his throat and murmured, Sir, the guards are spread thin enough as it is. Couldnt you use your griffin Witta to guard the gates for us? 
Kotak frowned. How did you hear about him?
I mean, weve all heard about him, you didnt really keep him a secret when he went out in broad daylight to attack Lord Fobata right in the middle of the city. The private leader said. However, we havent seen him since, not even when we overthrew Womba. Whats the point of not using your most valuable fighter?
Kotak rolled his eyes and replied, I suppose he is my most valuable fighter, but you must remember, he failed me in capturing Fobata. I didnt think he would be capable enough to help me succeed in the takeover. 
However, that was a failure when we didnt even capture the royal family. The private leader remarked. Perhaps Witta would have done us some good then.
Kotak growled. Dont talk back to me. We cannot change what happened. For now, though, I am preparing Witta for patrol sweeps across the city. I have given him maps so that he might orient himself with the layout.
Thats excellent news, sire. The private leader said.
Soon enough, he will be ready to go on sentry duty, but he will not be available for the beck and call of every guard. He knows the special task that is assigned to him. Kotak said.
What is that? The private leader asked. 
Not for your ears just yet. Anyway, if anyone has made it outside the city, we will have to eventually find a way to deter any rumors that might start to circulate. Kotak said. So for now we must be discreet, especially in the disposal of remains. If anything should happen in the maintenance of the gates or the spread of rumors, I will personally hold you and all of the Wana privates responsible, since you all are now the officers of my army.
I understand that, sire. The private leader said.
Of course, you and the others should make a bit of a show in going to Lord Bolo and asking him for more men. Kotak said. Hell agree immediately, since he wont have to do anything, and the other noblemen will see and know that Bolo should be respected. Now, go on with you, I wish to be alone to finish this work so that I can go down to the dungeons. 
The private leader nodded and saluted before left the private office of the new king. Kotak sat down at his desk and signed a few papers before he left for the dungeons. It took him awhile, but soon he was once more walking past the familiar cells with all of the inmates yelling at him.
Beyond that, he stepped into the large room Yaggee had once occupied before he moved upstairs into the servant quarters. Several men were now cleaning large devices of different shapes and sizes, with different purposes but a common cause. In the days of King Solan the Slayer and his ancestors, it had seemed fitting to use torture devices on unwilling prisoners. However, the late King Sonnagh and Womba had despised and ignored these machines, but on the other hand, their ingenuity and frightfulness fascinated Kotak, even though they were quite poorly made for his standards. 
He was having them repaired, improved, and prepped for their first torture, although he had yet to decide who that first person would be. Perhaps if things went well and he was caught soon enough, Womba would be the first. 
In the far corner, however, Kotak couldnt help liking what he considered to be the most curious thing of all in this room. There was only a hatch in that corner, which he now opened to gaze down into its dark depths. Flickering shadows and the sound of a distant reverberation would have been mysterious if he didnt already know full well the terror that laid down there. 
He sighed and closed his eyes, imagining the helpless prisoners that had struggled as they were shoved into the hatch and fell, arms and legs flapping to the bottom. He closed the hatch and left the room in satisfaction. Kotak marched through the dungeons, back up to ground level, and bumped into Yaggee in the middle of the hallway. 
Yaggee grinned as they shook hands. Ah, I bet you were just down in the dungeons torture chamber now. I almost miss the place, it reminded me of the cave I used to live in up in the Popo Hills. So, tell me, have you been practicing outside of lessons? I dont really want to yell at my king right now!
Kotak chuckled. Ah, you dont have to fret about me being your king. You can still insult me in lessons! Its the least I can allow you to do when I am gracious to you for being my teacher! 
Yaggee cackled and walked away as Kotak headed off in the opposite direction to his private quarters. The old teacher spent some time wandering around the halls, grinning at the servants fearfully racing away from him, basking in the power he now held amongst such lowly people, power that he had not known in a long time. 
As Yaggee walked along, a duke came up to him and cried, Come here, old fellow, I need you to run an errand! 
Yaggee sneered. Sorry, sir, Im on an errand already for my master, King Kotak! Do you wish to anger him by calling me away? 
The duke yelped and dashed away as fast as possible, making Yaggee cackle even harder! The old man then sauntered into the servants quarters, which was almost empty with all of the servants that had run off during the overthrow. 
However, a maid and a butler standing nearby gasped at the sight of him, but they recovered quickly enough to bow their heads to the personal servant of the king before they rushed off. Yaggee happily sighed as he walked over to his feather bed that the others had brought in especially for him, where he lounged as he waited for those two to return with some food for him. 
When he had first appeared in the servants quarter with Kotaks patch on his clothes, he had been less than slime in the eyes of the others as an old man that supposedly had no use as a servant. But then it all changed when Kotak finally took over! 
After that, special treatment came to him from the other servants that were still around, although Yaggee never cared to mention this wonderful treatment to Kotak. After all, he knew better than anyone that Kotak was a jealous man. He might take away such preferential treatment just on a whim! Yaggee smiled as the two servants returned with a ton of food and he sat up to eat it all, a feast to celebrate his good fortune as the night wore on.

At that moment, the members of the Kings Servants gathered together for a late night meeting. Yet now it seemed that their nickname was justly manifested as Major Juna gave up his seat at the head of the table to none other than King Womba. The king motioned for the major to sit to his right before he delivered a small speech, thanking them all for their efforts and sacrifices to preserve the throne of Arria, before the meeting moved on to review and consider the matters of their resistance. 
When the meeting adjourned, a group gathered about Womba as he shook hands with everyone, moving through the crowd until most of the men were satisfied and wandered off to their rooms. The king sagged down into a chair. Only a handful of men were left in the room, among them Sir Pacaben, who had recovered enough from his injury to get out of bed and walk around the manor, although such efforts caused blistering pain. 
King Womba turned his head to face the knight. So, Pacaben, I hear you have a family? 
Pacaben slowly nodded. We have an estate out in the country, simple enough for a knight and his family. My wife is Lady Lika and we have a small boy, Liam, around Prince Wonans age. 
Womba smiled and commented, My goodness, that sounds wonderful. Im sure my son would have been interested to hear that if he and Mina hadnt already retired. He hardly gets any chances to play with other children. Who knows? If things work out, maybe our two boys could become good friends whenever its safe enough for you to bring your family here to Kiki. 
Sir Pacaben sighed and sat back in his chair, closing his eyes as he pictured the last time he had seen Lika and Liam in front of their home. He couldnt dare imagine what the world would be like for them if Kotak remained in power. Meanwhile, Womba turned his head to watch as Juna dismissed Sergeant Aman and Sergeant Gnat for the evening. Once they had left the room, the major glanced at the king. 
King Womba looked at Major Juna as he queried, We have some of the finest men here, Juna. Do you think we can handle a raid? 
Juna slowly nodded. Just give me a day or two to arrange matters, your Highness, and then we can start a short raid. A light attack whenever a force passes through the streets and then well fade away into the alleyways, thats all we can afford to give to any effort.
Womba sighed and glanced around, but Fobata had already headed off to bed, so he felt safe enough to murmur, Major, youve been a good man throughout all of these years. Still, you know that you dont have to keep using your code name.
Juna rolled his eyes. Im well used it to it now, your Majesty, and besides, all of the men know me by that name! Now, please dont mention it again! 
King Womba shrugged and at last, they headed off to their separate bedrooms, although Juna kept pace with Pacaben for awhile to make sure that the knight wouldnt collapse in the corridor. Meanwhile, the king slowly crept into his room, careful not to disturb Mina and Wonan as he slid into bed with them.

The sun crested over the horizon on the 15th day of Juli as the group awoke and started to prepare for departure, although Eldo paused to look towards Giga in the distance, glad to be gone from here. He turned his head and Ama was standing beside him, closing her eyes for a moment and shivering, despite the warmth of the season.
Is something wrong? He asked her.
She whispered, I wish you hadnt mentioned Baron Jarbarr yesterday. It seems like I had forgotten him until then. Now Im worried that if I ever go back, hell be waiting for me. What happened with his horse was fools luck with me. I just managed a good kick in the midst of all those stomping hooves. Perhaps such luck wont be with me next time. He may be old and stupid, but hes still vicious. Everyone in Coe Wana knew that he was Lord Pavgas warrior.
Eldo sighed and told her, Im certain everything will probably work out at your home while youre gone. Perhaps Jarbarr wont even be there by the time you return. Although are you sure you would want to go back? Its beautiful out here, beyond everything normal that weve ever known. Sometimes I could almost think about doing nothing except traveling through all of the lands, far from our families, with just the two of us as the only world we need. 
Ama arched her eyebrows and smiled as Eldo leaned down to give her a small kiss, then several more kisses ensued. He sighed happily, glad to know that what happened last night had not been some dream, but real love. 
About an hour passed by as the group ate breakfast and finished packing, making sure that nothing was forgotten or left behind. They mounted onto their horses and set off once more, Coe Giga disappearing from sight as their path sloped up into the foothills, the weather getting cooler with each passing minute. 
Basha and Monika were in the lead, the falcons circling above their heads. As Basha looked towards the distant mountains, he noted that their peaks were still covered in snow despite the fact that it was Suma. He lowered his head, focusing on just two mountains and the narrow pass between them, the pass they would take out of the Popo Hills and into the Tau Valley. 
As they approached the pass, the road narrowed so they had to ride in single file. Behind Basha, Lake the hound paused to howl, the echo coming back deeper and harsher than the real sound and he couldnt help thinking about the Black Wolves from all those years ago, even though they were surely all gone forever.
Basha shook his head at his irrational fears when suddenly, Fato swooped down and cried, Basha, hey, were not alone! My eyes caught sight of a man up on the peak ahead! I couldnt get a good look at him from such a distance! Do you think I should check him out?
Basha frowned. Well, I suppose you should, although it doesnt make sense for any man to be up there and were in the middle of nowhere. It could be Shama or Om, but still there would be no reason for it. Hust go look, thisll be plaguing me until we find out who he is.
Frigo, who had heard everything, inquired, Father, can I come with you to look at this man on the mountain?
Fato shook his head and answered, No, Im afraid it would be too hard for you. The winds will be picking up so close to the peak. You wouldnt be able to keep up with me and then you might be blown away! Listen, just come down here and hitch a ride on a horse until I come back. Ill tell you all about it and someday, Ill teach you how to handle the rough wind currents.
Frigo sighed and fluttered down to alight on Amas saddle, muttering to himself while his father Fato circled upwards from the group. Once he had reached the right altitude, the falcon soared forward and struggled against the wind, tipping himself one way and then another until the winds died down a little as he reached the rock face of the mountain. 
Fato skimmed through the air, circling around the contour of the mountain and its slim ledge as he approached the man struggling to keep his footing on the ledge, his hands reaching out with each step to find some firm grip. The falcon slowed to a halt, hovering over the man as he looked down and gasped. He recognized him, even after all of these days, with his bald head and the bulk of his stomachthis just wasnt possible.
Fato blinked and screeched, Baron Jarbarr, you villain! How did you get here and why are you going through all of this trouble?
Jarbarr grunted and lifted his head as he hissed, I got here by traveling through all the wilderness trails that I had found in earlier years, although I admit that its harder for me now to trek along them. Still, its worth all of that trouble to rescue Ama! Thats right, its my duty to rescue her and I always do my duty, no matter the cost to myself or to others! You can go back down, you flying rat, and tell her that Im coming!
Fato rolled his eyes and yelled, Youre a delusional fool and a monster to boot, Ama doesnt want you! Why cant you just accept that and leave us alone? Go back to your home and go find some other girl, if shell have you without you threatening her family, or just retire! Youre too old to do any of this, youll kill yourself and it would mean nothing!
Baron Jarbarr glared at Fato and bellowed, Fine, have it your way. If Ama doesnt want me, then I dont care! However, youre wrong, my death would mean something if I destroyed all of you kidnappers!
Fato gasped, but before he could try to pacify Baron Jarbarr, the man had hurled himself on top of a nearby snow-bank that had gathered on the mountains slope, thus disturbing the tottering balance of the snow layers. The snow trembled before crumpling into a wave that surged down the mountain, enfolding the baron into its smothering blanket that was growing and couldnt be stopped by any force as it rushed towards the pass that the group was heading into.
Fato cried out as he glided downwards, Avalanche! Everyone, look up, run away! Avalanche! Can anyone hear me? AVALANCHE!
The group, hearing a distant echo and a strange vibration, looked up and saw the white cloud almost above their heads, rushing down from great heights. The humans were all so stunned by the sight, unable to imagine the reality behind this falling cloud, that the danger didnt register until they heard Lakes howl, the horses neighing, and Frigos screeching. 
Basha attempted to kick Talan into a gallop, but even his old, levelheaded horse wouldnt budge in the middle of his fright, the horses all rearing. So Basha and most of the group jumped down from their horses, although Jobe tumbled onto the ground. Frigo took flight and Lake loped forward, although the hound paused now and then to turn back and bark at Eldo. He was running alongside Ama, the young couple holding hands in the middle of their escape. 
The first drops of snow started to fall as Jobe scrambled onto his feet, clutching his harp close to him while his mind reeled. He regretted the mess he had made of his life, especially in regards poor Clakan. A short distance away, Basha yelled at the others to hurry, but it was no use when the overwhelming avalanche was too fast and too huge for them to escape. The only thing left for him was to reach out and grasp Monika, pulling her close to him before the breath was knocked out of them. The whiteness without end rammed against them before it started piling up, covering everything in the pass.
Meanwhile, far below the group and at the very border of the Tau Valley, Shama and Om heard a rumble and turned their heads behind as fear filled them for a moment. Yet the fear disappeared as they saw snow and rock falling, truthfully part of an entire mountain, falling down upon a nearby pass with a crash, but still quite far enough away not to harm the bandits. 
Still, from this distance, they could feel the power, the strength of the avalanche. They knew that there was hardly a chance that any human could have survived such a crushing weight. The avalanche finally ended, settling down with one last rumble, as the two men now found themselves gazing upwards at the still drifts that now completely covered the pass.
Om chuckled softly and queried, Do you think they were back there in that avalanche, sir? 
Shama grinned and responded, Well, avalanches dont fall without any reason. Its likely that they were there, but nothing could have survived that. Now that theyre out of the way, we can concentrate on getting the job done. Kotak has probably already taken the city with all of the time that we wasted with them! 
Om glanced at Shama and asked, By the way, could you let me take one little look at Taus Cup?
Shama frowned and replied, Fine, one little look, but remember everything that youve sworn to me. I will not stand for you trying to grab it from me.
Shama reached down into his pack and dug around until he pulled out the Cup, holding it forth. Om leaned forward and slowly inhaled deeply as if he could actually take in the power of such an ancient relic of Arria. They remained still for a moment, lingering in their admiration for a sorely won prize that would soon leave their hands for another man. Yet such a thing could not spoil this moment now. 
They were together in this moment, not hated enemies full of spite even with all of their oaths, but allies that had fought side by side and had survived because of their united efforts. Yet when Shama slowly replaced Taus Cup into his pack, such an alliance faded for now. 
Shama and Om rode off again, not speaking to each other, perhaps afraid that they might start arguing loud enough to start another avalanche. However, they would probably feel safe enough to debate who had spared whom when night came and they reached the valley floor. But each man couldnt help thinking, at that moment, how simpler his life would be if the other had been in the middle of the avalanche that had destroyed the group.
 
Chapter 11: Recuperation and Lonely Hearts
Juna rubbed his forehead as he skimmed over a plan that had just been submitted to him by Fobata. At the end, he added his own notes, mainly to point out that though it was a good idea, but they just didnt have enough resources for it. He laid the plan aside and sighed as he glanced over at the large pile of papers on his desk. 
He had never learned how to deal with such paperwork in all of his years of training. He had never thought that he would need to. Still, even though King Womba was here, Major Juna was still in charge of the soldiers for the most part and there was just too much for one man to deal with. Perhaps he should ask for help. He had made excuses over the past few days about why he couldnt hand any papers to Pacaben or Fobata or Womba or Aman or even sneak some to Papia. 
However, the truth was that Juna didnt feel right about giving them any burdens, not when he felt that he had failed at stopping the rebellion before it even started. Perhaps with all of this work, he could relieve himself of that remorse. When he finished for the time being, he sat back in his chair and watched in amusement as Gnat and Aman argued over the outcome of a card game before Aman gave up and walked away to talk to some other friends, thus forfeiting the game. 
Sergeant Gnat turned about to see King Womba and Lord Fobata now shaking hands with Major Juna and inquiring about his examination of the plans. So the sergeant hurried over so that he wouldn't miss witnessing this impressive meeting.
Juna picked up a piece of paper and told them, So far, this is the best plan. There are a few with better strategies, although we only have enough resources for this one. All in all, Fobata, I must say that some of these plans are amazing. I hope you wont mind if I ever borrow them for a future battle once this rebellion is demolished. I cant believe I never knew you could create such stratagems. You never did anything like this back at Eela.
Fobata nodded and explained, Well, I only had to use my talent years ago when I was young, thin, and robust, if you can believe that, and leading battles alongside Goga. Still, all that changed when I had to become lord of Coe Eela with my fathers death. Then the life and luxury of being a lord sort of got to me, as you can see. Anyway, Juna, Ive been wondering something for several years now. You were just a servant at Eela, still a fairly new one when you all left me, yet you still managed to lead the servants against me in a rebellion. Not only that, but I heard that when you came here, you were instantly made into a captain. Is there any reason for such strange occurrences? 
Juna nervously chuckled and cleared his throat, uncertain what to say now, as Gnat glanced at the major to see how he would answer the challenge of Fobatas words. However, Juna had no need to answer as Womba sighed and placed his hand on the lords shoulder. 
Womba sighed, My father knew that you were somehow involved in some plots, that you were a little too powerful in some circles. We needed a way to learn more and perhaps destroy you, in some ways. 
Gnat glanced at Juna as he queried, Juna, does he mean that you were a spy? Were you already a soldier when you came to the castle? 
Juna slowly nodded and responded, I was a lieutenant when I was chosen for the assignment about 2 years before the servant rebellion. I was young and promising, so they thought me a likely choice, especially since I had done some spy work in the past. I was given some fake papers, fake characters of previous situations. Fobata hired me on the spot with such good characters and put me on his staff as a footman. I gathered what information I could and sent it back. I even had garnered several hints that Fobata was involved with the Followers of Doomba. 
Fobata sighed and asked, Did King Sonnagh suggest that you start a servant rebellion against me? 
Juna lowered his head and answered, He didnt necessarily suggest it. He only asked if it was possible. I mean, your servants probably would have rebelled eventually with the way that you were treating them. All I did was to quicken the rebellion by assigning myself as its leader and then I tried my best to make sure that it didnt fail. I even had several backup plans in place, just in case true force had to be used or anything else failed. All I can say now, Fobata, is that I hope you wont hold it against me. It was a different time then and how could I have ever guessed that you would switch sides and we would end up working like this? 
Fobata shook his head and informed him, Im fine enough with it. I should have expected them to do something like that, but I guess I just kept telling myself that they werent smart enough to suspect anything. Anyway, Im just going to rest. Marlo, would you prepare the bed? 
Marlo the steward slowly nodded and headed off, soon followed by Lord Fobata as he stared off into the distance, distracted from his surroundings at the thought of his former glory, all laid to ruin with the servants rising against him. Still, the ruin of his glory would have only been delayed if the servants hadnt rebelled. There had been Goga, of course, who had destroyed most of Coe Eela in his attack. 
Sometimes Fobata went to visit Eela and look upon the ruined wall while he checked on his stewards, but he never wished to linger at the castle for long. After all, at the castle of Eela, it was easy enough for him to remember that he hardly had any servants and there was no money left in reserve, since Goga had stolen it all to supply his army. Still, as Fobata lied down on his bed, at least in Kiki, he had the palace servants and could live comfortably enough without a cent to his name. Meanwhile, Womba walked off to talk to some other soldiers, leaving Gnat and Juna alone with each other. 
Gnat scowled at him. Juna, why didnt you at least tell us servants about yourself? 
Juna grunted. Would you or any of the others have trusted me if I had told them the truth, even when I was working so hard to ensure that you all made it out safe and alive? Im sorry, Gnat, for all of the lies that I told, but it was necessary to protect myself and the others. 
Gnat sighed and looked away for a moment before he slowly turned his head around again. Juna, who are you exactly? 
Juna gazed evenly at him. I was raised by my father, a merchant, and my mother. This manor was their home, which I have kept as best as I could. In my youth, I received a good education, yet I knew my future would be as a soldier. I became a private at 16, a sergeant at 20, and then I became a lieutenant at 23, about a month before I was chosen to be a full-time spy. However, I had been a spy once before then, when I was much younger at the age of 13. I had gathered secrets behind enemy lines. In any case, when I was at Coe Eela, I knew that my mother was still well and had taken over my late fathers business, but when I came back from the mess in the Wastelands, it was to find that the business had collapsed and my mother was now ill. I managed the business into a graceful dive so that there would be some money left over, which I used to make her comfortable for the rest of her life. She died about a year ago. Oh, yes, and my name isnt Juna. My real name is Hart. Juna was just the name on the fake papers, although Hart is the name on this house so no one in Kiki will know we are hiding here. 
Gnat slowly nodded. Yes, I see. Thank you for telling me everything. Hart, may I still call you Juna?
Hart/Juna nodded and Gnat walked off, still slightly overwhelmed by all of this. But at least he could tell himself that Hart was still the same man as Juna and just as dedicated to his friends and his king. On the other side of the room, the soldiers had walked off from King Womba and now Sir Pacaben came up to him, still moving stiffly.
Pacaben winced. Sir, Ive been out of commission for awhile now and Im still trying to get used to the situation. So please excuse my silly question when I ask you if we have any spies inside the palace? 
Womba nodded and responded, Dont worry, Ill excuse you, and we do have a spy in the palace or as far as we know. Just before the revolt, Juna managed to contact Papia, you know him, son of Lord Zokla. In fact, the very next morning, Zokla sent us a package of peasant clothes that came in handy for us to sneak out of the palace. 
Pacaben gasped and exclaimed, Yes, that surely must have been handy, especially consideringIve heard the talk about the family tree. I mean, it seems so amazing that youre not only a distant cousin to Zokla, but to Fobata and Kotak as well! Still, that hardly measures up to the strangeness of Kotaks evil heart when his own grandson is the lion of light! If I ever see Basha again, I dont know if I could even tell him about what his grandfather did.
From the opposite corner of the room, a voice inquired, Excuse me, but are you joking about his Majesty and Basha being related to my father?
Womba and Pacaben slowly turned around to face Peri, who was sitting in the corner beside his wife Plin with his crutch leaning against the wall. They had been watching their children play with Prince Wonan until they overheard the conversation. Everyone was silent for a moment, uncertain about what to say as Juna placed his papers down to watch and as Fobata chose that moment to return from his short nap, only to realize that something was wrong.
 Pacaben cleared his throat. Uh, Womba, Fobata, Juna, surely one of you did talk to Peri? I mean, Im sorry I was so abrupt, but I didnt know that nobody had told him about his cousins and his nephew.
Fobata sighed and walked over to tell Peri about Lord Augla and all of his descendents and Peri slowly nodded as for the first time, he realized the claim behind his father overthrowing Womba. Plin, after having sent her children and Prince Wonan away to play somewhere else, held tightly onto her husbands hand, wishing that she could find a better way to comfort him.
Peri inhaled deeply and murmured, I understand that, though it still isnt right, what my father did. Never mind that for now. Now tell me about Basha, was he the son of my sister Kala?
Pacaben and then Fobata took turns in telling the entire tale about Kala and Basha as they had learned it. Fobata even mentioned that he had thought about telling Kotak he was related to Basha. Perhaps the lord would have doubted his purpose at all and hesitated in implementing any of his plots, although it had been too late by the time Fobata returned.
However, Peri shook his head and told him, Actually, Fobata, Im afraid that even if he had known, it would not have changed anything. It wasnt like this rebellion was against Basha and he was just too ruthless in carrying out his own plans that he didnt care about anything.
Are you certain? Fobata asked. 
Look at me, Im his son and when I stepped in the middle of his path, he didnt hesitate to throw me off to the side! Peri cried. Besides, it isnt like he knows Basha. The idea of Basha being his grandson probably would have meant nothing to him, even though Basha is Kalas son.
He loved her? Womba asked.
Peri nodded. My father once had a soft spot for her. Yet she did something to him, maybe when she married Minnow, that made him lose his affection for her. Sometimes, over the years, I had hoped that she was doing well up north. At least now I know what happened to her and that she had contributed something to the world. 
The others slowly nodded and, as Peri stood up and left the room with Plin, they patted him on the back and tried to give him a few words of consolation before the door closed behind the couple. 

The sun started to rise to its zenith as soft swirls of snow still continued to fall from the mountain, agitated by the wind and the avalanche that had taken place roughly an hour ago. The heavy cloud of snow layers still covered the mountain pass, the landscape as silent as graves. In the distance, Fato perched on top of a crag of the opposite mountain, mournfully glancing downward as he hoped that he might see something. 
Down below, a brief ripple passed through a small part of the surface, as if testing if it could be broken. Then suddenly, a harp pierced through the surface before lodging itself as a support while the other hand pushed up Jobes body. 
From high above, Fato squinted and tried to figure out if he could see something, but his question was answered when he heard music, a solemn harp tune caught by the wind. He immediately took flight and swooped downwards. 
As the falcon soared through the air, he realized that Jobe was also singing along with the tune. Either the wind was playing tricks on his hearing or else the bard really had improved his voice over these last few years since the singing was in harmony. Fato thought that he heard Jobe sing,
Lamina sang to me on a cold morn many years ago,
Sweet memory it was of a long ago day,
Long lived in the heart despite its shortness.
Why did you go, Lamina? You treaded,
Treaded lightly from my bright noon to my gloomy night.
Old memories, lingering in my mind,
Should I forget these sorrows of mine?
We danced in the oak grove, so young and carefree,
Now I am old on this cold morn as her dying note ended,
Surprisingly, it was as sweet as her songs of yesteryear.
Why did you go, Lamina? You treaded, oh,
So lightly, but your lovely steps remain with me still.
Old memories, lingering in my mind,
Should I forget these sorrows of mine?
Perhaps not, if I also forget the old joys shared and left behind.
Suddenly, Fato heard a shout and swiveled about in the air. He had been so engrossed in the song that he hadnt seen the approach of Frigo, who had been lost in the middle of the sky until he heard Jobes singing. 
The father and son squawked happily at each other, glad to have found the other while down below, Jobe quickly had to step aside as the snow moved beneath him. Soon enough, Lake the hound had burrowed his way out of the snow, followed right behind by the rising snow lumps of the horses Talan, Deja, Shadow, Lam and Yoi.  
The horses hadnt been harmed, but they pranced about for a few moments in a fright. However, Lake had immediately raced off, barking excitedly as he halted and started to dig at the ground. Jobe dropped his harp as he hurried over and started digging alongside the hound for a few minutes until a hole had been uncovered and he could reach down to help pull out Ama. 
She gasped for air and coughed a few times before she brushed the snow off of her clothes. At last she noticed the aimless horses and the falcons landing nearby before she turned back to glance at the bard. 
Ama cleared her throat and murmured, Thank you, Jobe, I heard something down there that sort of woke me up.
Jobe slowly nodded and glanced down, but then Fato and Frigo started clamoring that Lake had found something else and so they rushed over to help dig alongside the dog. Several minutes passed by as they burrowed downwards, hands scooping and brushing aside the cold snow when Jobe felt a wisp of hair. They concentrated their efforts on that area as they uncovered an ear and more hair, Bashas brown hair. 
They rolled him over so that he could get air, uncovering Monika, who instantly opened her eyes since she had been kept warm by the snow layers and her husband. She sat up and turned around to shake Basha by the shoulders. He groggily opened his eyes, but finally fully awoke when she leaned forward and kissed him on the lips, passing into him a warm breath. 
Basha wheezed slightly and slowly managed to sit up as he mumbled, My headoh, it was a nightmare, such a horrible catastrophe.  It just appeared so suddenly and without any reason. Its lucky that were all alive.
Fato sighed and told them, Actually, there was a reason. If you recall, you sent me up to check out the man crawling along the mountain face and when I went up there, it was Jarbarr. He was still delusional about what had happened and he was so crazy. I suppose I didnt help matters there. I told him that he was a delusional fool and a monster and that Ama didnt want him. That it would be best if he just went home and left us alone. I see now that I went too far. He said that if Ama didnt want him, then he didnt care and he hoped that his death would destroy you all. Before I could do anything, he hurled himself down onto a pile of snow and disturbed the whole mountain, causing the avalanche. If the weight of the snow didnt kill him, it was the fall.
They shivered at both the death and ghastliness of such a man while Ama shook her head and whispered, I had hoped that Jarbarr wouldnt haunt me anymore. But perhaps the curse of that awful baron will linger if he has succeeded. Eldo is still missing. We were holding hands during our escape together, but the avalanche overwhelmed me and our hands slipped apart. Eldo could be anywhere around here, in any condition, at any depth. 
Basha slowly nodded. Then well just have to spread out and probe the ground. Ama, you can take Lake with you on your search. With any luck, well find Eldo. Now lets go.
Time passed by as they stamped about the area and occasionally bent down to start digging for awhile before abandoning the spot. There was no other method available to them when it appeared that Lake had caught no scent of his master. 
After a time, they had to pause to eat, but after a fast lunch they returned to their seemingly hopeless work. The afternoon advanced on and the white expanse was full of empty holes. They strained and struggled harder, knowing that it had been too long, that Eldos chances of survival were growing slimmer. 
Basha groaned and wiped sweat off of his forehead, slightly surprised that sweat could form at such a high, chilly altitude, yet the labor still continued. He glanced over towards Ama, who was frantically digging at another spot while Lake sat beside her and whined. The labor still had to continue for her until she could discover what had happened to her love.
Meanwhile, whiteness turned into blackness and colors swirled about as Eldo drifted in and out. His body felt weak after the avalanche that had fallen on him and separated him from Ama. Pictures swirled into his mind, strange shapes and forms. He saw fire and arrows fly through the air, banners waving in the wind as young men rose up and fought hard, with one young man at the forefront of it all. 
A shadow was cast over a fortress, and there was an opening into darkness, a fall into an unending bleakness that could kill him, yet the exigency of the situation compelled him to jump down into the trapdoor. His eyes started to roll over. He didnt want to face that trapdoor, yet a voice told him that he still had a purpose, a job he had to finish; a job that could only be given to him in these dire times. 
At last, Eldo managed to open his eyes and found himself lying in an ice cave. He could hear the snow creaking high above. A heavy layer of snow covered his icy roof with no sign of daylight above. He moaned softly and the blackness came back to reclaim him, yet he had been heard high above, though faintly. 
Basha paused as he heard a strange sound close at hand, perhaps nothing more than the wind, but he changed his position to another spot and started excavating. He whistled for Lake. The hound padded over and then paused as he snorted and pressed his nose into the ground before he started barking and howling, causing the group to flock around Basha as they lent their efforts to his scooping. 
Fato and Frigo couldnt use their wings or talons to help, but they kept cheering their support while the horses grouped a little closer to the humans, interested in all of the activity. With Basha, Monika, Ama and Jobe giving their best, the hole went down and down and hit ice, hard and unforgiving to their hands, yet it gave a smoky view of Eldo lying at the bottom of the small cavern. 
They slammed their fists against the ice, but it wouldnt budge, so Ama stood up and rushed over to her pack to grab her knife, thinking that it would be more delicate than a sword at cutting away the sharp shards of ice. She handed it over to Basha and he went to work slicing, causing the ice to crack and carefully break apart piece by piece as they brushed it aside. Monika hurried off to retrieve the Blue Sword so that it could be used immediately. 
Monika returned with the Sword just as Jobe and Basha reached down and pulled out Eldo. When she placed it on his chest, his body received a shock of life, causing him to groan as he dazedly opened his eyes. Ama laughed in relief before she embraced him. While daylight remained, they mounted onto their horses and rode farther on down into the Valley so that they could escape the chill of the mountain pass. 
When the sun started to set, they had found a fair campground on the lower slopes next to a bush. Eldo and Ama immediately dismounted and sat down together so the group decided not to bother them. They tore off a few branches from the bush to ignite a fire, which everyone gathered around to dispel the last frigidity of their harrowing experience. 
Dinner was cooked and served, which they ate quickly before they started to lay out their blankets for sleep. The falcons nested themselves on the branches, clumped close together after their long separation. Basha and Monika extinguished the fire before they curled up together in their blankets, his arm wrapped around her as they closed their eyes, blissfully sleeping with each other in the warmth of the evening. 
Eldo and Ama laid out their blankets close to each other and smiled while doing so, although they hadnt said a word to each other for most of the day since exhaustion had drained the entire group. Eldo sighed as he fell asleep, yet he was plagued by the memory of horrifying visions, still knowing that their importance could not be forgotten, especially if these visions had shown him his duties as the Kirna. 

On the 16th day of Juli, the group slept a little longer than usual and didnt rise with the dawn. But they managed to rouse themselves roughly an hour later and eat a hearty breakfast. They replaced the few supplies that they had taken out back into their packs before the group mounted their horses and set off once more, the falcons flying ahead while Lake loped alongside them. Their pace was slow at first and even though Basha knew that they did deserve to take their time after the traumatizing events of yesterday, he still felt a little impatient about the delays that they had taken when they were losing ground to Shama and the Cup. 
However, Monika spotted his anxiety and, guessing at its source, she leaned across from Dejas back to pat her husband on the shoulder. Dont worry, well start urging the horses into a gallop later on today. Just relax for now. Shama shouldnt be too far ahead; probably just barely two days ahead of us after all of the hours we spent in the pass. And here we are in the last foothills of the Popo Hills; the Tau Valley is right below us. Were so close to our final destination. Kiki is just a few days ride ahead of us and even if Shama hands over Taus Cup to Lord K by then, Im sure well be able to gain it back even from that mysterious fellow. After all, King Womba will surely be glad to help us and use his full powers. 
Eldo, who had been listening to Monikas words, suddenly felt a void in the pit of his stomach as he recalled
As the lord in exile comes back to save the Wise One,
The Kirna reveals himself.
The Servant Lord of Doomba takes the Fortress,
So the Wise One is forced to flee.
The words were slightly cryptic, yet he could somehow guess at their meaning. Had Kiki already fallen to the mysterious Lord K? Still, it was too frightful to consider and he couldnt tell them that he had been reading the prophecy, not when Basha had explicitly told him that it was too dangerous. 
Even as he hesitated to believe in the possibility, he could imagine the opening into darkness, how it would surely come from all of this. Ama, who was riding Yoi right beside him, heard a whimper. She turned her head to see that Eldos horse Shadow was slightly skittish, detecting the apprehension of his rider, who was whimpering as he clenched his hands and closed his eyes tight from the sight of an unseen terror. 
Ama cleared her throat and leaned over towards him. Eldo, you look terrible. Is something wrong? Are you ill? She half wondered if it had something to do with The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer, but she wasnt ready to jump to any conclusions yet.
Eldo sighed and opened his eyes as he relaxed his hands before he responded, Ama, no, I am not truly ill, or so I think. Its nothing much, really, I am just a little worried about Lord K. Monika was just talking about him, Im sure you remember what we told you concerning the little we know about him. We dont know who he is, we dont know if he is doing anything else besides stealing the Cup, but surely all of his plots over the years show that he is powerful. He may want more than Taus Cup. Do you think we should worry about this Lord K?
Ama frowned, but shook her head. Oh, Eldo, Im sure he cant cause trouble, especially right now when he hasnt even received Taus Cup yet and thus hasnt done anything yet! Besides, he may be mighty, but I hardly think that he really is a lord. Im certain they would never allow such an evil nobleman to be that powerful.
Eldo slowly nodded, but he pursued the subject. I guess, but the night I first learned who my companions were and we were trying to figure out whom might have known about the Cups location and would have wanted to steal it, someone mentioned Doomba. We started to wonder if Doomba had known that he would be destroyed, would he have chosen someone to be his heir? Of course, we left it at that since the concept was too horrible to comprehend, but what if Lord K could be that heir?
Ama shuddered and tried to change it into a casual shrug. Well, even if Lord K is Doombas heir, Im sure Basha will be able to deal with him. After all, he did destroy Doomba when he was around our age and Lord K certainly wont be that much of a problem. We probably shouldnt worry ourselves needlessly.
Ama glanced away from him and urged Yoi to move ahead. Eldo sighed and petted Shadows mane, wondering for a moment if Ama had seemed ill at ease, but he had probably just been imaging things. Perhaps she was right, that they really had no need to worry. 
Yet there was the prophecy, which did say that Basha would need the Kirna, but what could be so serious that he would need protection? As Eldo considered these thoughts, the group stepped up their pace and soon the last hill was behind them. 
Now they were truly in the Tau Valley, the sun shining warmly down on them as the horses trotted along a dirt road flanked by rows of high, golden grass. Small creatures scurried through the grass and Lake the hound often raced off after them. However, the hound never caught any as Ama and Eldo rode close beside each other, holding hands, and listened to Jobe lazily string out a tune or two on his harp. 
Monika was also riding beside her husband, who smiled to see her long black hair waving in the breeze, so unbound and flowing, as her skin seemed to glow in the light. Yet Basha had a sense, a feeling that these pleasant times couldnt last long and trouble was just within their grasp. He ignored it for now as the pleasant day stretched on.

Yet such a day couldnt be enjoyed in Kiki, for as the heat escalated, so did the tempers of both sides. They competed to achieve control over the common people themselves since neither of them could succeed without popular support. Fights broke out in the street, ranging from fists to swords, while rumors ran rampant about what was happening. For even though Kotak had tried to mask that he was sitting on the throne, it was impossible for him to hide all of the fighting that was still going on. 
The rumors, occasionally hinting at the truth, speculated that Womba was dead or in exile. They questioned the identity of the man sitting on the throne, if he was a monster or a savior. Other rumors predicted that the kingdom and the world would be destroyed. Different opinions sometimes caused the arguments that fueled fights, but most of these fights really had a purpose for the rebels and the Kings Servants.
Junas men stirred up resentment, sometimes persuading urchins to throw stones whenever one of Kotaks soldiers patrolled a neighborhood. Of course, the urchins were able to easily dodge into hiding after such activities, but others couldnt escape the street battles where they fought and sometimes died to gain or maintain control of each street corner. 
Earlier that day, Major Juna had managed to go so far as King Orama Square, just a few blocks from the castle. Yet by noon a force of guards had beaten his men back, finding shelter only in barricades made up of overturned wagons and uprooted paving stones. Juna lingered for awhile behind such a barricade, hoping that he might be able to lead his men into a charge should the guards relax. 
But he soon saw that such a thing wasnt possible and so he headed back towards the mansion. On his route, he was forced to race across the narrow King Hakim Street, meeting of the fiercest fighting, and he had to duck as rocks, arrows, and even the occasional javelin flew through the air above his head. 
One time, Juna shook his head in shame as he passed by the broken window of a store where blatant looting was taking place, but he was alone right now and the thieves were too wild in their attempts to defraud both sides of the fight. Yesterday, the major had purchased some clothing for his men before he discovered that the material was too flimsy, yet the vendor had already vanished by then. 
At last, Juna reached the mansion and entered to find the place in turmoil, messengers racing in and out of the doors as soldiers tried to figure out what to do next. However, King Womba had apparently been waiting for the major and now he marched straight for him with a furious look on his face. Juna regretted that he had come back. 
King Womba threw up his hands and bellowed, I cant make heads or tails about the information thats coming in from all over the place, but it seems like the whole kingdom is being destroyed! Cant we stop it? 
Juna helplessly shrugged and cried, Its out of our hands. All we can do is just watch it happen! Please, as soon as we finish, we will remember all those that have lost their lives, but this is necessary! 
Womba sighed and turned away as he mumbled, Necessary, necessary, what is that anymore?
Meanwhile, Kotak had gotten bogged down with so much work that, so as to have leisure to visit with Yaggee for lessons and with Witta to train the griffin, he had to pass on the burden. But hardly anyone, especially Lord Ompa, wanted to help. 
At the end of it all, a pile of papers appeared on Lord Zoklas desk. Now Zokla was scanning through them, sometimes scrawling out his signature in the appropriate places while his son Papia paced back and forth, angered that his old father had to work like this. 
Finally, Papia paused in his pacing to roar, I cant believe Kotaks giving you all of his papers to sign! 
Lord Zokla shrugged, laying down a document as he turned around to tell his son, Now, Papia, do not get yourself in such a temper over me. I can handle some work, especially if itll help Womba. Kotaks belief in my loyalty to him will enable us to be better spies, to learn more information! Look to these papers as an example of Kotaks careless certitude of our allegiance. He hides nothing in them! The supplies, the number of his units, the shortages, the names of all these people tied to him, he reveals all to me when I work through these documents! This, my son, this is all for Womba and I could work like this for many years if it would support him.
Papia sighed as he muttered, I guess, father, yet I still dont know. King Womba does seem nice, but I dont know if I would have done all of this for him. Is it just because he is the king that you are doing this?
Zokla gazed up at his son. Papia, my work is about more than keeping Womba on the throne. It is simply for the good of Arria. Womba is a better king than Kotak would ever be, because Womba considers the needs of Arria first of all. Besides, it is our duty to keep Arria safe since we are the lords and I would have thought that you, of all people, should have known that. After all, you share your name with some of Arrias greatest kings. The three kings named Papia were all good in their own ways and when you were born, I knew that you would serve their memory well by serving their heirs like Womba. 
Papia stared at his father Zokla for a moment, but at last he slowly nodded and turned away to gaze outside their window, which was three stories above the streets of Coe Kiki. From up here, it seemed quite peaceful; there wasnt any sign of fighting. A few moments later, when Papia turned around to ask his father some more questions about his duty, he realized that his father was now fast asleep, his head lying on the papers as he snored. 
Papia sighed and shook his head at the idea that such an old man would force himself to such extremes before he walked over and managed to move his father onto his bed. After covering up his father with the blanket, he glanced back at the paperwork on the table and, for the first time ever, started to regret that he had always ignored his fathers attempts in earlier years to teach him how to handle a lords management duties. 
Papia threw up his hands in frustration, feeling desperate and despairing. His father had told him that all of these papers had to be filled out by the morning and, personally, he feared what Kotak would do to his father if that deadline wasnt met. What could he do to help? 
Suddenly, a thought came to Papia, something that he would never have considered doing in ordinary circumstances, yet this situation was too urgent. So for now, he knew that he would have to suspend his old grudge. 
He sighed heavily and gathered up all of the papers, juggling them in his arms as he left and walked down the hall, trotted downstairs, and then headed down another hallway. He hoped that he had correctly remembered the location of Ompas room. 
When Papia reached the door, he hesitated, recalling the last conversation between them, although the truth was it hadnt really been a conversation when he hadnt said a word while Ompa yelled at him from the other side of a door. Still, perhaps the feud could be forgotten by both of them and Ompa could help him with these papers. He slowly nodded and knocked on the door while on the other side, Ompa lifted his head from his book.
Papia shouted, Lord Ompa! Come on, cousin, please open up!
Ompa blinked in surprise and almost stood up to answer the door, but he quietly reprimanded himself. He shouldnt give in so easily to Papia when Papia had been the first one to stop communication between them. On the other side of the door, Papia rolled his eyes as the silence stretched on, knowing this silence very well since he had used it himself so many years ago. Yet he still knocked again and muttered softly to himself.
Finally, Papia groaned and yelled, Ompa! I cant stay here long, its getting late and someone might see me. Im probably already putting myself at risk! Just listen to me if you dont want to talk to me. My father still had some work to do, but he was so tired and couldnt keep himself from falling asleep before finishing all of these papers! Ill slide them under the door for you to sign, because I know you would want to help your uncle even if you dont want to help me!
He glanced up and down the hallway, checking that nobody was around before he kneeled down and pushed the papers through the slot beneath the door, hoping that Ompa wouldnt ignore them. He couldnt tell what Ompa was doing on the other side of the doorway, unable to hear or see anything. Papia stood up and stared at the door, perhaps thinking that it might be possible to look through and see what was happening. At this moment, he started to feel the same anger that Ompa had felt when faced with such a closed, silent door years ago.
Now, Ompa, its very important to us that all of these papers should be filled out. Papia said. We need to keep on Kotaks good side, although I just cant explain everything to you right now. Still, I must say to you that the other fellows, Hamil, Bolo, and Cica, they can never be truly trusted, even if they are friendly to you. Oh, Im tired of this, just come on and say something, tell me that youre listening! 
Ompa sat in his chair and stared at the opposite wall, although he shuddered slightly, certain that Papia and Zokla were risking their lives to spy for Womba with what his cousin had implied. He also was stunned to realize that he had known all along that the other lords could never be trusted, even without Papias warning. 
But he still knew that, even after this, he would go visit and talk to them. For after all, Lord Ompa couldnt help feeling that in some way, he was similar to Hamil, Bolo, and Cica simply because the courtiers were just as unfriendly to them as they seemed to be to himself. Plus, he also had a sort of foolish hope that maybe someday he would be able to convince at least one of them, possibly Bolo, to do something good. 
A few more minutes passed by and Papia was starting to consider walking away since Ompa seemed so unresponsive. He was even thinking about taking the blame with Lord Kotak when suddenly, the papers were slipped back through the slot underneath the door. Papia squatted down and gathered up the documents, standing up as he flipped through them and smiled to himself. They were all signed in the right places. It was a marvel of Ompas skills that he could have completed them so quickly. 
Papia tucked the papers beneath his arm and walked off, slightly amazed that just a moment ago, he had almost apologized to his cousin. Behind him, the door opened slightly as Ompa peeped outside. Still, there was nothing to see except Papias back and so he closed the door and leaned against it. Ompa sighed heavily at his certainty that this hadnt changed anything between them. Maybe their feud would never change.

The sun was starting to set and crimson rays touched the golden grass, a fire of brilliant light as the group rode off of the dirt road that had been created over the years for the use of farmers and travelers in the Tau Valley. The grass was trampled beneath the horses hooves and Lakes paws, the hound barking as the group pulled on the reins and dismounted from their horses. The falcons glided down to alight on top of a rock. 
They pitched up their tents as Lake pranced around, snapping at flies in the air while Fato and Frigo needled him on. Eldo and Ama left camp for a few minutes to gather up bushels of twigs and dry grass for tinder to ignite a high, roaring fire, surrounded by stones so that the blaze wouldnt get out of control. They roasted dinner as they laughed and chatted with each other. 
One time during dinner, Eldo managed to slink away without the others noticing and crept across their camping area until he reached their pile of saddlebags. He dug through the pile until he pulled out Bashas bag and then pulled out The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer, wondering all the while why he was doing this, yet he still opened the book. 
Eldo flipped through the pages until he reached the page that contained The orals Curse. Then he inhaled deeply, steadying himself as he lowered his eyes to the page to read the final passages of the prophecy. 
When he was finished, he sat there and stared at the words until they swam out of focus, listening as the group chuckled at a joke Basha had told. He almost wished that he could have been just as oblivious as them to what the future held in store. 
Eldo stuck the book back into Bashas bag, lacing it close as he wiped the sweat off of his brow. He wondered if he was coming down with a fever as he threw the bag back onto the pile and hurried back to the fire. Ama noticed his arrival, and frowned when she didnt remember him leaving.
A few minutes later, with dinner finally finished, Jobe brought out his harp and inquired, So, is anybody in the mood for music?
Monika rolled her eyes and teased, Will you be playing?
Fato cleared his throat and muttered, Well, you know, maybe we could stand to hear him for a moment or so. Its been years since we heard him and his voice might have changed since then.
Basha blinked and stared at Fato, wondering why the falcon would think such a thing, but soon everyone else was clamoring to give Jobe a chance. Thus, the bard was able to sing along with the music, something that the group had forbidden him to do during the last quest when his voice had been so poor.
Yet now his voice was more in tune with the music and so everyone started clapping before the couples stood up and started to dance. Ama reached her hand up and brushed Eldos cheek as they sashayed to the beat, yet she couldnt help noticing how his face was so pale in the light of the fire, his eyes distracted and focused on some distant point. She worried now that something was truly wrong with that book.
Nearby, Basha and Monika danced slowly together, their arms wrapped around the other, as the heat of the fire seemed to seep into their hearts. The music was the spirit of their life and love together. When the last harp note was played and Jobe stopped singing, Fato and Frigo squawked happily as Eldo and Ama parted to applaud the performance. 
But Basha and Monika hardly noticed as they ambled towards the tent, leaning against each other as they stepped inside. Jobe placed his harp on the ground and glanced towards the tent before he turned away and stomped off to grab his blankets that covered him if not warmed him, a thin substitute to arms that could wrap around him. He felt left out amongst these couples.
Frigo stretched his wings and yawned as he murmured, Im tired, father. I dont like sleeping on rocks. Can we sleep inside the tent?
Fato cleared his throat, thinking of Basha and Monika together, and replied, Not tonight, Frigo, some other night. The tent will already be filled up enough. Here, Ill gather up some grass to make us a sort of nest on this rock. Would that be comfortable enough?
Frigo shrugged and Fato quickly fluttered off to gather some grass, glad that his son had accepted the excuse. Nearby, Ama extinguished the fire and looked up at the forlorn harp that Jobe had left behind as she now realized that a wandering life was one with little comfort and solace. But then Eldo glanced at Ama, and she turned her head to smile at him, forgetting about Jobe for the moment. 
They averted their eyes from each other as they separated to grab their blankets and sleep, not ready yet to consummate their love like Basha and Monika, but they still couldnt forget the passion they had for one another. It might happen to them someday. Soon almost everyone slept while Basha and Monika lied side by side beneath the cover of a blanket inside the tent. They grinned at each other before they leaned forward to kiss.
 
Chapter 12: The Groundwork for the Arrival
The sun rose on the 17th day of Juli and the Cups Quest while the group woke up, thoroughly rejuvenated from the celebration and the good nights sleep. Even Eldo felt more resolute about performing his duties as the Kirna in the prophecy. 
Basha stepped outside of the tent and stretched his arms as he gazed towards the western horizon. He wondered if he could see a distant speck of Kiki as the sun rose behind him, casting his shadow on the land ahead of them. He heard a rustle in the tent, but didnt turn around as the tent flap moved aside and gentle footsteps moved across the ground before Monika gripped his hand. 
Basha turned to face her as he lifted up and kissed her hand. I must apologize, my love, for the way Ive been acting during the trip, thinking that anything could happen and that if it did, you would be like my mother.
Monika slowly nodded. Yes, you have been underestimating me. But I understand you cannot help feeling frightened after your mothers death. Still, life is what it is and we must live it and love it even when such troubles can plague us. We will have a child someday, but that doesnt necessarily mean that we will have one now.
Basha slowly nodded and leaned forward to kiss Monika on the lips, yet as he did so, she strangely could feel an odd pressure near her stomach, so light as to be almost nonexistent, but it was still there and it felt a little warm.
Meanwhile, Eldo noticed Ama seemed agitated and asked, Ama, is something wrong with you?
Ama glanced around to make sure that no one was listening and when she was sure that it was clear, she leaned over to answer, Yes, something is wrong with me and its because of you. Youve been reading that book, Eldo, even when it hurts you to know so much. Which is a proper response, because it is wrong to know so much! Ive told you again and again not to read the prophecy, but you dont listen to me. So tell me, why do you read it? What is in there that is so interesting to you? 
Eldo shuddered, Ama, please dont ask me. You would just try to stop--never mind.
Never mind what? Tell me! Ama cried.
 Eldo said, You just have to understand that its necessary for the quest and if it doesnt go well, who knows what will happen to us all? Please just promise me you wont read the book, promise me if you love me! 
Ama growled, Its not fair, its emotional blackmail. You shouldnt ask such a thing of me when I know this is wrong.
Im sorry, but please, Ama, for me at least, just dont read it. Eldo begged.
All right, I wont read it for now. Ama huffed. But someday, Eldo, I will find out whats in there, especially if anything should go wrong. 
Eldo sighed, still not believing that he had fallen in love with such an implacable woman, but at least he knew that he could trust her for now. So they continued packing and even started conversing amicably to each other, but Eldo and Ama were still tense with each other during the days journey. The hot Suma air hung heavy and uneasy between them as they felt the tightening boundaries of their relationship. 
In any case, the day went on as they all traveled along the winding road of the Tau Valley, constructed to circle close to every single farm without keeping to a direct route to Kiki. Basha felt anxious as he wished that they could leave the trail and set off at a straight line across the grassy plain. But they could get lost in the flat landscape of tall grass without the trail, or be caught trepassing on someone elses land. He now figured that the trip would perhaps run longer than he had figured, but at least the weather was pleasant enough that he could try and assure himself that the Cup would probably be easy enough to regain. 
That evening, Monika could only manage a few bites of dinner before she laid aside her plate and walked away from the fireside. Later, before they slept, Basha rolled over and asked, What is the matter with you, my darling? 
Monika shook her head. Nothing is wrong, you dont have to worry. I dont think Im sick. Now please, lets just go to sleep, we have a long day ahead of us.
Basha sighed and lowered his head as he mumbled, Look, you dont have to pretend that nothings wrong. I mean, its not like we couldnt do anything for you if you are sick. After all, theres the Blue Sword and Eldo. Im sure it could be cured in a snap. Just remember that if you start feeling faint or any have any other symptoms. 
Monika slowly nodded and closed her eyes, choosing not to respond when she had her own private suspicions. Time passed by as the moon rose in the sky, casting a faint, shimmering glow on the slumbering, fragile, curled up bodies wrapped up in warm cocoons. 
Yet even in this peaceful environment, Bashas sleeping form was tortured by secret nightmares, causing him to toss and turn. With all of his inner turmoil, one dream seemed to prevail in his unconsciousness of a creature squatting in an earthy, enclosed darkness. The creature mumbled strange words as it struggled against the chain holding it to the wall. But then it looked up and he could see clearly that it was a woman, at least, and she was wearing a silver collar around her neck. 
The woman, long greasy hair covering her face, reached a hand out and hissed, My collar chafes me, it hurts. When will we all be released to know or tell the truth? But I will still tell the secrets, then the truths. Secrets are everywhere here, no reason for knowing why. Its just because we must find the few truths. Youve got to do what is needed to find the truths that are available to you and the others. I am here, waiting for my chance to tell all, the Oracle of Mila is waiting. 
The dream faded and Basha continued to toss and turn while nearby, Eldo was also rolling over in his sleep as he mumbled, No, snow, water, help. It hurts, no more, just stop it. I cant help you, forgive me, I cant help at all. What is the matter with me? I see someonewho are you, kid? Whats your name? Are you lying to me? Who are you, my apprentice? 
Eldo groaned and shivered in his sleep, so chilled despite his blanket and so frightened and sorrowful despite the lax air of the night, blowing so gently that it only stimulated the crickets to sing.  In any case, everybody else slept relatively peacefully and daylight would cast all darkness away so that all nightmares would be forgotten, but perhaps the daylight was too negligent to cast such a light of forgetfulness when some of these dreams would bear heavy weight on them in later days.

Days flashed by for some, but in Kiki, every moment was a struggle and every day was agony as both sides fought for ultimate control and to destroy their enemies. Brave men lost their lives, yet this had almost no effect on the larger scale of the battles happening all around them in the streets, with everyone choosing sides and fighting for their cause. 
Rain and thunderstorms passed across the entire Tau Valley, but in Kiki, the fighting still went on, slogging through muddy streets with blood falling in the rain, a long, weary, rough time for all. Meanwhile, Basha and his friends kept on riding through the unbroken landscape of the Tau Valley and the rain. 
Very rarely did they see people nearby since it appeared that every living being in this land was a shadow in the distance, working in the fertile fields even with the storms. Occasionally, the road would wind its way along the border of a manors estate and for a time they marveled at the wealth of some obscure nobleman, but they never felt like stopping to ask for hospitality from such intimidating personages. 
The seasonal thunderstorms rolled across the plains, lightning flashing in the distance as they were drenched and the poor horses still had to trudge onward for such weather couldnt deter them when they were so close and had been through so much. In the midst of these storms, Basha couldnt help wondering if they were falling farther and further behind Shama and the Cup, if the pair of bandits was far ahead of the storm clouds and racing onward. 
However, throughout all of this time, Shama and Om still remained only a day ahead of the group, also plagued by the same rain cloud that covered the group and the bandits couldnt move any faster. Still, when the rain subsided, there was a touch of cool air in the Suma heat and everyone in Kiki and on the roads could feel the land sighing with relief for it had experienced several months of drought before this huge storm. 
All over the valley, creeks that had been dug to irrigate the fields were now overflowing their banks with all of the rainwater. They were now surging rapidly onwards, raging torrents heading along their once harmonious routes to the Tau River, its tributaries swelling it up. 
Meanwhile, the group members were tired of traveling and stressed. Monika seemed to be plagued by sickness and moodiness, but no matter how much Basha fretted over her, she wouldnt dare accept any of his suggestions for a cure. Eldo and Ama were also disquieted in their relationship. Hardly an hour passed by without them fighting, often over the secret prophecy and Amas promise not to read it. 
Even Fato and Frigo were arguing up in the air, the son reeling away from his fathers authority when he hardly had any respect for him. Fato fumed and wondered how he could regain Frigos admiration. All except for Jobe, the horses, and Lake the hound were unsettled, not knowing that they were heading towards the ultimate finale in Coe Kiki, although perhaps they could sense that something was wrong.

Shama and Om arrived at Kikis gates on the 28th day of Juli and sagged against the horses once they were inside, relieved to have made it after all of this time and exhausted with traveling. The horses were lowering their heads and snorting heavily, also exhausted as they ignored the way their hooves sank into the muddy road and the insects buzzing around them. The insects were the only creatures to have grown in number in Kiki within the last couple of weeks due to all of the corpses for them to feast upon. 
Shama patted the mane of his horse, too dull to think of anything except that at least he had the Cup in his pack and Oms word that he wouldnt take it. Yet he was still unable to move or consider that he would soon have to give it up. 
Suddenly, there were screams in the street ahead of them and the two men looked up and paled at the sight of the griffin hovering over them. It glared at them and menacingly flapped down closer towards them. Without any other thought, Shama and Om immediately jumped into the saddles of their horses, prepared to flee, and the griffin finally halted his slow descent, but now he turned around and glided away. 
Come on, Shama! This way! The griffin cried.
The thieves were shocked that the griffin had apparently come to fetch them, but they were at least intelligent enough to start following the creature. They guessed that they would be in trouble if they did otherwise. 
He led them through a winding tour of the city and Shama noticed that he purposefully avoided certain streets. Once, Om saw something glistening and heard a faint bellow, but he turned his head around and focused on the road ahead, afraid of what could possibly be happening off to the side of his vision and hearing. 
At last, the griffin swerved around a street corner and the palace gates were now ahead. The bandits glanced at each other as they wondered just how far Kotaks plans had progressed since they had set out for to the Za Desert. The guards recognized Witta flying overhead and immediately opened the gates for the griffin and the men following him. Once inside the walls and in the courtyard, the two thieves dismounted and the griffin spiraled downwards before alighting his lion paws and eagle talons in front of them, face-to-face for the first time.
Shama frowned and asked, Say, were you one of the members of the Gryphon Gang?
Witta slowly nodded and answered, Yes, I was. My name is Witta and I was hired by Kotak for Fobatas assassination, although I failed at that. Yet he has been good enough to assign me to patrol sweeps. Witta grimaced, still not satisfied. You, Shama, were one of the people that I was to keep a lookout for. I recognized you from the description he gave me.
Shama blinked and muttered, Interesting, it seems that Kotak has been hard at work within this last month or so. Obviously, I can tell that the revolt went along very nicely. Did everything go as he planned?
Witta scowled and replied, There will be time for your questions to be answered, Shama, as long as you have succeeded in gaining what you were sent out to steal. Come, I will lead you two to a private room to wait until Kotak has the time to spare for his visit. Better grab your bags before the stable boys lead your horses away.
Meanwhile, Kotak presided over a meeting of the courtiers in the throne room, although none of them liked the thought that he was their king. Lord Bolo stood to the right of the throne throughout the entire course of the meeting, although he would often shuffle from foot to foot, glaring with envy at the courtiers who could sit. 
Lord Zokla was among those sitting and whenever he noticed Bolos scowl, he just shook his head and marveled at how Bolos supposed turn of good luck wasnt quite perfect with Kotak in charge. Womba always allowed his highest lords to sit down. 
For Zokla personally, everything had been going well the past few days, a real turn of good luck that had apparently started when he woke up to find a completed pile of papers on his desk he couldnt even remember signing before falling asleep. Still, everything had been in order and Kotak had accepted them well enough, even giving him a compliment on his diligence. So he just gave up trying to figure it out and would just allow the good luck to continue for now. 
At one point, when most of the courtiers were distracted by a debate between two dukes, a messenger approached Kotak, bowing once to the usurper before hurriedly whispering something into his ear. Hardly anyone saw this, yet Zokla witnessed it. 
Kotak slowly nodded and waved away the messenger, who raced off while Bolo helplessly glanced at his overlord, waiting to be let in on what was going on. Yet Kotak didnt say a word to his reputed heir for the rest of the meeting. 
At last, when the heated words simmered down and it appeared that all business had run its course, Kotak stood up and dismissed the meeting, causing the courtiers to stream out of the throne room, glad that their work was finished for now. Lord Zokla removed himself to the wayside of the jostling crowd, falling back as he glanced around to make sure that no one was paying attention to him. He kept his eyes open to Kotaks movement. 
Soon Kotak stepped out, closely followed by Bolo prattling on about some matters that had to be considered, but eventually Kotak sent off the young man to run an errand. Kotak hurried off alone to his private meeting, or so he thought. 
For Zokla hounded his trail, following just a few feet behind Kotak as he treaded down a long hallway, turned down a short corridor, and then tramped up the stairs at the end of it. As Zokla hid at the bottom of the stairs, he watched as Kotak, at the top of the stairs, immediately entered the first door to the right, a private study as Zokla recalled. 
Once this door was closed, Zokla instantly clambered up those stairs as quietly as he could and bypassed the door to the study. Instead, he entered the door immediately to the left of the study, for in this empty room, there were holes in the wall. Many years ago, the private study on the other side of the wall was the secluded reception room of foreign ambassadors whose countries werent always on the best of terms with Arria. This secret closet had been used to spy on them. 
Of course, only a few knew about this room, Zokla one of them since he had been one of the men to look through these holes located in the shadowy corner of the study, thinly veiled to maintain an illusion of solidness, but still see-through and, if people spoke loud enough, easy enough to hear through. He leaned towards one of these holes, his vision adjusting to the odd strictness of space as he now observed Lord Kotak and two other men sitting down at a table and sipping tea. He could faintly hear them through another hole. A steward stood nearby, juggling paper and a pen in his arms. 
Kotak glanced at the steward and shook his head as he murmured, Fine, fine, you can put the papers down. I might as well give up with you. The duties of a scribe are hardly suited to you, though were so short of good scribes for recording. Go away. The steward nodded and left as Kotak turned to one of his guests. So, Shama, did you bring me what I asked for? 
Zokla blinked, surprised to hear the name of an infamous bandit once allied with Goga, yet he still watched as the eldest stranger set down his cup of tea and leaned over to pick up his saddlebag and rummage around inside to slowly pull out a glorious object. Zoklas eyes nearly popped out of his head as he focused through the eyeholes in the wall, riveted upon the golden chalice with the radiant shine. 
Shama held Taus Cup in his hand for the last time, a moment mixed with sorrow, relief, and adoration for the relic that he had kept for so long. He now truly saw his obsession for what it was. It was not a meaningless, insane fixation as seen from the surface. No, it was more of a passion for the beautiful thing that had been gained and kept by all of his efforts, even if those efforts were evil in their ways. 
Then again, it was an obsession since it was something that he didnt want to lose, a little difficult to let go. But if the mind knew that it was essential, it could be done. He could let go of Taus Cup. The actual value of the Cup was moot, both in the mind and in coinage, for though it was always said to a magical relic, Shama had never really seen its magic except for that one time with his illness. Otherwise, it only had its age and its precious metal to commend it. 
Still, there was no real reason why he should tell Kotak this when all the old man wanted was an instrument of power. Now that Shama considered the idea, it really was a true instrument of power with all of its wiles and whims. Such a thought made it easier for him to set Taus Cup down on the table in front of Kotak, who lightly grasped it to himself. Om sulked in his seat, unable to realize just what had been exchanged. 
Kotak stared at his cup of tea and Taus Cup before he cried, Shama, you have truly done it. There is no praise worthy enough for you! Here it is, Taus Cup in front of me. However did you do it?
Shama leaned back and relaxed in his chair as he simply replied, Well, at the very beginning we followed the rumors about Kai Monika living in the Za Desert with her husband, the oral or lion of light, otherwise known as Basha. We headed out there and looked around for awhile until we found out the location of the Windbow tribe. After luring away Basha and some fighting men, we attacked the camp, snatching away some plunder and the Cup.
Lord Zokla gasped in his hiding place, knowing full well the story of Basha and his quest. He shuddered now to learn that Kotak had stolen such a great treasure for himself, but he still had some small hope that perhaps fate would entwine for Basha to come reclaim Taus Cup and destroy the usurper.
Kotak slowly nodded and queried, Well, that was all very good, but surely something else must have happened? Did he follow you two? 
Shama growled and responded, Yes, he did follow us for awhile. We encountered him twice in the Popo Hills. We even grappled against each other in the last meeting, although there was an interruption and we were able to escape in good time ahead of him. However, there is nothing more to fear about him. While we were in the last foothills of the territory, there was an avalanche in a mountain pass behind us, thus ending forever any involvement of Basha and his friends. 
Kotak chuckled. Ah, the last well ever hear from Basha! I had hoped that he might be taken care of sometime during your whole adventure, Shama, but I had never really expected it to happen. Yet now I shall be able to rest easy again. Imagine, almost all of the Knights of Arria have been destroyed!
Zokla backed away from the eyeholes, moaning softly to himself at the horrible things that he had heard. Basha and his friends, the Knights of Arria had been destroyed, the last hope they might have had. What were they going to do now?
Anyway, tomorrow is going to be the big event, for its about time we crushed those rebels once and for all! Kotak said. All of my privates and Witta are being reserved so that they can be in top shape to fight. Itll be the Feast of Strawberries, so the attack will be unexpected. Shama, whenever you should head to the barracks, tell the men there that they must not give an inch. They must fight with vigor so that they will be plentifully rewarded when all of this is over! As for myself, the only problem is that I need to get a good scribe. A steward just wont do, but where could I find a scribe in an accursed, war-torn city?
Zokla didnt hear the rest as he had to get out of the palace without being seen to deliver his precious message about Basha and Kotaks planned attack. After all, a messenger could hardly be trusted anymore, and it was also time for Zokla and his son Papia to leave the palace before Kotak could discover that their true allegiances laid elsewhere. 
Lord Zokla crept out of the secret closet, past the private study door, and down the stairs before he strode off in search of his son. At last, the lord spotted Papia from a distance and noted that his son had halted to gaze at his cousin Ompa in a crowd of people. 
Zokla paused, wondering if either Papia or Ompa would take the first step forward, leading to the final reconciliation between these two cousins that had been ignoring each other for years now, for reasons Zokla little understood.  However, Ompa kept on walking through the crowd. Perhaps Ompa hadnt even seen Papia, and Papia hadnt made a move as well, so the scene faded away without any resolution. 
Zokla couldnt take the time to create one between them. He stepped forward and grabbed Papia by the arm, leading his son off towards the front doors of the palace without explaining anything to him. Papia sensed that his father was planning for them to leave right now, which suited him just fine since then he could fight out there in a pure battle instead of spying out dirty secrets here. 
As the two men walked away, Ompa watched them from a hiding place a short distance away. He figured out what they were doing, but he did nothing to stop or help them. He didnt go with them, and just wished that they would make it to King Womba, wherever he was. 
Meanwhile, Zokla and Papia had made it outside of the palace and trekked across the courtyard to the palace gardens, heading towards the hidden door in the wall that first Gnat and then Aman had used for their escapes. Once outside the palace grounds, they lightly treaded through streets and dark alleyways wherever they were available, always making sure that they were on the right course to headquarters, Junas manor. 
Papia halted a short distance away to keep a lookout for suspicious strangers as Zokla walked up to the manors door and knocked. Once Zokla whispered the password to the guard, Zokla and Papia entered the manor and soon met with King Womba and the resistance leaders to tell them everything he had heard. When Zokla was done, the silence was absolute as Papia slowly crept away, uneasy about staying when all of these people were so somber and he had no connection to their loss. He wanted to go outside and train for battle, not linger with this depressing scene. 
At last, Juna unsteadily inhaled and muttered, They were brave people, all of them, for trying to do so much. Basha was a true and noble hero in my opinion. 
Pacaben winced slightly at an ache from his old wound before he cried, We shouldnt talk so morbidly. Shama didnt even see their deaths! I mean, they came so far. Destiny wouldnt end their lives up in some lonely, narrow mountain pass! This cant be coincidence. He was coming now when were fighting for our lives, and hell still come any day now!
Womba groaned and pulled out a chair, sitting down as he rubbed his forehead and told them, Look, let us just consider the facts that we have right now. Basha and the others could have survived the avalanche, I agree. But we cant do anything about him yet, dead or alive, when he isnt here. However, if Kotak has the Cup, it is quite likely to be disastrous for us when that relic is reputed to have such enormous powers. Plus, we cannot forget the other news about the planned surprise attack tomorrow. Well have to figure out how to handle it. Does anyone have any ideas? 
They spent several minutes privately discussing what options were available to them as King Womba slumped down in his chair in defeat. Lord Fobata hurried over to his desk, accompanied by his steward Marlo, and rifled through dozens of plans. They each read out plans that the others dismissed as too absurd, too wasteful in lives, or with too few resources to implement. 
At last, Lord Fobata dropped the plans and remarked, I guess there really isnt anything we can do except stick to fighting with all of our forces street by street, block by block. 
King Womba slowly nodded and murmured, Fine, if that is all that can be done, then we shall do it. Yet I am coming with you all this time. I have to be out there with my men from now on. My men swore their oaths to me, and well march and die together. 
Queen Mina gasped and bent over to urgently whisper in her husbands ear, but he kept making dismissive gestures until he stood up and left the room. His wife followed closely as she hoped that she could talk some sense into him. Prince Wonan, sitting on the floor and playing with Pip and Pim, frowned at his parents leaving and forgetting about him until he was distracted by Plin, clutching baby Pala, creating a game for the children to play. 
While the children were absorbed with their game, Plin wondered if she should check on her husband Peri, but he probably wouldnt respond. Marlo hurried off to seek out a bottle of wine for his tired lord, Zokla walked off to find Papia, and Juna, Pacaben, Gnat and Aman sat down to discuss their plans for tomorrow. 
Juna unrolled a map of the city and examined it for a moment before he informed them, Now, as I see it, there are exactly three points right now that would be advantageous for them to strike. Based on my most recent reports about their advancement, they would strike here at this eastern street, here at this western street, and roughly somewhere on this street that leads directly to the palace gates. Of course, there are some battles occurring right now, so their territory might shift, but this is good enough for now. Pacaben, are you still sore?
Pacaben shifted in his seat and replied, Well, I would be lying if I told you that I wasnt. But its not too bad. Its easy enough to ignore and it only hurts every now and then.
Juna nodded. Good, you can take the eastern street here with a force, Aman will take the western street with his men, and Ill handle the main route. Now, Gnat, I have another task to assign to you, an important one to ensure that no more civilians will get involved with all of this.
Gnat scowled. Let me guess, gate duty? Come on, Hart, Im too old to get stuck with the useless jobs. I can fight just as well as Aman here and you made him a leader in tomorrows battle! Ive already done enough to earn respect, recognition, and promotion, yet you still treat me like the drummer boy!
Juna/Hart shook his head. No, thats not true, Gnat. I know that youve done your duty before and so earned your title of sergeant. Ill admit that it is gate duty, but let me just say that your work could save civilian lives as you observe gate activity and decide when people should stay outside. Remember, Kotak has issued an edict that allows people to enter the city, yet wont allow them to leave. So your task is to send away any innocent travelers from the gates so that they wont be caught up inside the walls. If you spy any enemy activity of soldiers or supply movement, you report to any nearby superiors. Oh, and dont forget that I am a major, sergeant, meaning that you have to follow my orders and not protest against them.
Gnat rolled his eyes, but slowly nodded and didnt say another word against his assignment for the rest of the meeting. Afterward, everyone stood up and left to contact troop leaders for placement before lunch began. 
Juna, however, paused long enough to glance back at Gnat, leaning against the wall and glaring at everything in sight. Juna couldnt blame him, but he also couldnt help himself. Gnat had grown up into a man throughout all of the years that he had known him and he couldnt help thinking of him as his pupil, his son. They both didnt have any living family members and all they had in life were their friendships. 
Gnat could take care of himself, but battle could be so unpredictable and deadly. Juna didnt want anything to happen to him if he could prevent it and gate duty would keep Gnat out of the action for now. Personally, Juna wasnt worried so much about what would happen to himself. There were two fates available at the end of battle, and with the worst one, at least he had a will written up already to provide for his friends and Gnat. 
Suddenly, Junas thoughts were interrupted by Zokla coming up to query, Excuse me, but is there still space here at the manor for living quarters?
Juna blinked and responded, Yes, theres plenty of space left, but are you not going back to the palace?
Lord Zokla nodded and replied, I will soon enough so as to keep an eye on Kotak. But Papia has already told me that hes staying and I cant stop him. Hes a good fighter, major, I am sure he will aid his fellow soldiers in battle. His absence probably wont be noted at Coe Kiki.
Juna sighed and said, That sounds good, Zokla. I appreciate that Papia wants to join us. That takes a lot of dedication and Ill keep my eyes on him for you. Still, my lord, does it not frustrate you that your son has taken on such a heavy burden and you cant stop him from doing so?
Zokla shrugged and murmured, It does frustrate me a little, but its his decision and his responsibility. I know hell follow through with it. His life may be at risk, but I cant worry myself too much. It would be useless and I know my son well. He is capable of handling himself and so the risk probably wont be that great, really. All I can do is adjust my sensibilities to what he considers the right thing to do.

Kotak sat at his desk, staring at Taus Cup upon it while the wind moaned outside and the sun dipped beneath the horizon, surrendering its brightness to twilight. Ever since he had retired to his quarters after meeting with the bandits, he had attempted to use the Cup as an instrument of power for various magical experiments that had been written off as defeats in all of his books of magic. 
Immortality, lead into gold, and so many more problems that magic had attempted to correct throughout all of Salarrias recorded history, he tried to use Taus Cup to perform these spells, but none of it had worked. He could sense the great power residing inside the ancient goblet, but it was impossible to harness. 
Doomba probably would have been able to make all of these spells work, but even though Kotak had been given some of his powers, it was obvious that these were not his most powerful abilities used in his dark schemes.  Kotak stood up and paced the room, muttering softly to himself as he reviewed everything that he had done to make sure that he had used all possible resources available to him. 
He had to figure out why Taus Cup wouldnt surrender any of its forces to his spells, how it could contain life and power without visibly displaying such properties. Yes, that last question certainly could pose an eternal debate for, even though he wasnt a student of philosophy, he definitely understood the concept that life was too mysterious to ponder for long. 
He knew that well from his own experience, the years working both for Doomba and to claim the throne, his pain and anger at Kala and all that she had done, and the bitter feuds in his own family that separated them all. Life was mysterious, hard to understand and control, just like the power inside of that Cup.
Kotak shook his head and turned away from the Cup as he left the room, thinking that he might have a walk in the garden or somewhere, just to get away from that room he had spent so many long hours in. He traversed the long corridors, mainly lit now by the moonlight streaming in through the windows, and clambered up and down stairs, with his footsteps mindlessly treading onward to no real destination, when suddenly he almost collided with Yaggee on a ground-floor corridor. 
Yaggee took a step back and frowned at him. You look pale, my student. I like to see people working, but I certainly dont like to see them create such a burden about it. Ive met Shama and Om, so I know about the Cup. Nothing worked?
Kotak rubbed his forehead and replied, Thats right, Ive done everything possible and still nothing. Although I must say that it certainly does hold life and power.
Yaggee slowly nodded and murmured, Yes, very interesting. I think I would like to examine it myself someday, quite a phenomenon. Of course, we may not be able to use it, since I trust you in saying that you did everything possible. But it may be a source of knowledge in any case. Oh, yes, I was just looking for you. Apparently, the others are anxious about the plans for tomorrows attack and right now Shama, Om, and Witta are down in the torture room, awaiting you to join in on the discussion.
Kotak scowled, piqued that strategies were being discussed without him and that everyone was so worried, but he admitted that he certainly didnt have any legible plan for the battle just yet. He had been spending all of these long hours uselessly working on the Cup. So they walked down into the dungeons, grabbing some torches off of the wall brackets that had been lit awhile ago, according to the ancient ritual of moonrise lighting. 
Suddenly, Kotak recalled a night like this almost a month ago, long before the revolt, when he was heading down to visit his teacher. He glanced at Yaggee now, his face blankly set as he stared into the darkness. Kotak wondered if his own face was as emotionless as Yaggees face. He wondered if he had always known his way in darkness or if Doomba had done this to him.
He paused and exhaled heavily to flicker the flames light, just checking that he could still breathe like a human being. Kotak turned and glanced up, towards the distant light at the top of the stairs, and contemplated that he could turn back now, that somehow he could keep his power on the throne without heading this way. At last, he shook his head and told himself that it was just strange fancies overtaking him and continued on after Yaggee until they reached the foot of the stairs and the dungeon level.
 As they continued down the long hallway of cells toward the torture chamber, a prisoner stuck his hand through the bars of his cell and shouted, Kotak! Are you Kotak? Shama and his friend and a griffin, they just went past me a few minutes ago, through those doors. Shama paused long enough to tell me that I could speak to you about a release. Ive seen you before as well. You used to come down here all of the time. Are you a lord?
Kotak slowly nodded and replied, I suppose you could say that. I thank you for telling me about Shama and the others, although now you have intrigued me. Who are you that he personally spoke to you about appealing to me?
The man grinned. My name is Hava. Shama knew me because I was the scribe hired by Goga to write his history. I just got caught up in everything and here I am. Now let me tell you, my good sir, I wasnt a supporter of Goga. I hardly received any money for my trouble and now Im stuck here for the rest of my life.
Really? That sounds awful. Kotak said, playing with him.
Hava leaned in and conspiratorially whispered, Listen, I dont know what Shama told you about himself, but hes a bandit, sir. He was the most powerful ally Goga had and he should be in these cells! Its true, I will swear an oath to you that Shama is a criminal and must be punished! Peace to the soul of King Sonnagh! Long live King Womba! 
Yaggee sniggered, then snorted with laughter before he cried, Ah, Hava, you poor, babbling fool! I suppose Shama forgot to mention that Womba has run off like a coward and now Kotak has taken the throne! 
Hava paled and exclaimed, Oh, great King Kotak, yes, that is a splendid name! I see Shama has made an excellent choice in serving you, for Womba was a hideous man, truly, and so was Fobata! You are the greatest king ever, good sir. Please find mercy to forgive me and free me from this wretched place! 
Kotak chuckled and informed Hava, Your words are good enough for me to forgive you. I may actually free you soon enough since I will need a good scribe to write my history like you were going to do for Goga. Oh, you can also work on that history of Goga as well since the general wasnt such a horrible man. I met him once, you know, just before the end of his life. He was suspicious of me since I was his cousin and just as much a favorite for Doombas power, a correct suspicion. After all, Goga had grown too wild to be trusted as an absolute supporter of Doomba. But still, he was useful enough for my plans when I told him about the hiding place where they were keeping the wounded King Sonnagh. He was the perfect instrument to murder the king. What do think of all of that, Hava?
Hava gasped, stunned by such a cool declaration of horrible conniving, but he just nodded. Kotak accepted it as he followed Yaggee into the torture chamber. The conversation held there that night with Shama, Om, and Witta was not really important, just a discussion of tomorrows stratagems, but Kotak was still excited by all that had been done as he retired to his chambers.
 
Part 3: The Battle for Taus Cup and Kiki

Chapter 13: The Arrival
When the sun crested over the horizon on the 29th day, the dew dripped down the grass stalks. The Tau River thrashed along its course, brimming as it was fed by hundreds of little creeks and big streams that had increased as well after the Suma storms. 
In Kiki, the streets were silent for the first time in days, ominous rumors having been passed amongst the people about the upcoming battle by Junas soldiers so that innocent citizens wouldnt be caught unaware in the midst of the warfare. Women and children were kept indoors behind locked doors to protect them if anything should happen on either side.
The homemade barricades on many of the streets were full of young, strong men with taut strings on their bows and grim looks on their faces. Patrols of Kotaks privates paraded down the main street, expressions blank as they marched in perfect form with perfect uniforms. Suddenly their colonel in private uniform realized that wave after wave of plain-clothed men were entering the square ahead of them. 
He signaled and the soldiers halted, slinging out their weapons as they stretched out into position. Now the Kings Servants were following the same procedure on the other side of the square until both sides were frozen in wary stances as they faced each other. 
Major Juna stood amidst the vanguard, feet spaced apart as his arms reached up to shield his eyes from the bright Suma sun. He glared about until he spotted the stern visage of a lone man on the other side, possibly the leader. Sweat dripped down Junas forehead, a portent of the torrid day developing even now with the sun barely risen. 
He wiped some of the sweat away as he speculated if the other sides leader was also pinpointing him out. On the other side, the colonel had indeed identified Juna as a possible leader and was analyzing him as well when a breeze stirred behind him. The colonel spun around, startled to see Witta there, hovering just a foot above the ground. 
Witta bowed his head and murmured, Good sir, Kotak has ordered me to be at your service during the battle. I assure you that I will be at my best. Where will you have me?
The colonel cleared his throat, hoping that the griffin hadnt noticed his bewilderment as he replied, There is a man over there, roughly around 35 or so. You see him? Well then, he should be your main objective in the course of this battle.
Witta slowly nodded. Yes indeed, he must be a very important leader to them. I will set myself fully upon this task, have no doubt of that. I will get him by battles end.
Witta ascended while the Kings Servants cursed that griffin that was going to fight against them even as they marveled at its grand form. Juna raised his head, wondering if Witta had taken off from a point close to the other sides leader. The major heard a whimper behind him and turned around to see Lord Fobata and Marlo gazing up in horror at the sight of Witta. 
Juna sighed, almost wishing that Aman had taken care of the griffin when he had the chance. Juna had been depending on Fobata to stick close to him during the battle so that the lord could organize spur of the moment strategies should the current ones fail. But now there was no point in keeping Fobata around when he was scared witless. 
Juna shook his head and told them, Well, gentlemen, as you can obviously see, we have stumbled upon the full force of the surprise attack as well as Witta and were slightly outnumbered. That is why I need you two to perform your duties to the king as of this moment. Marlo, slip away and head west to Amans force and Fobata, you will head east to Pacabens force. Once you reach them, immediately report that Kotaks men are on my street and that they should come immediately. Now go, both of you, many lives are counting on you!
Fobata and Marlo slowly nodded, eyes still riveted on Witta as they crept off their separate ways, escaping both the notice of enemy soldiers and the griffin as they slipped along alleyways and side-roads to fulfill their missions. Juna groaned, already dispirited by the way things were shaping up here even before the start of the battle. He was doubtful that reinforcements would arrive in time or even at all, as they were limited in movement and how many men could traverse the streets.
Juna inhaled deeply and, to the men closest to him, whispered, Remember to wound and capture the enemy whenever possible. Some of these men were once our companions in arms before the Wana 'privates fed them lies. Focus only on dealing with the privates, and as for Witta, well only face him whenever he attacks us. 
Papia heard these words and grunted, finding it hard to accept that they should be so sparing to such hostile forces. But Juna was a superior when it came to the battlefield and so he had to obey him, even though he was a nobleman. 
At last, Juna raised his hand and the colonel immediately swept his arms through the air as both sides wordlessly roared and leapt across the square. Swords swung and clashed in savage style. The major twirled to face a foe with his sword, arrows flying overhead as he dispersed with the man and dashed across the square to find other challengers. 
Nearby, Juna spotted that Papia was in good shape, taking on his adversaries with plenty of dexterity and only a few elementary errors, all in all showing great promise as a warrior. However, Major Juna soon forgot about Papia with the escalating heat of the battle and the day. Yet Junas force advanced quite a distance across the square, though the opposing soldiers regrouped for the next clash. 
Meanwhile, Witta the griffin observed the fight, sometimes spotting Juna only to lose sight of the major, frustrating occurrences that made him take out his anger on low-rank soldiers. He fumed about failing again, never gaining his money and never getting another job from Kotak or anyone else. Yet he had been working so long to gain respect. 
The whole mess with the Gryphon Gang had been the wrong approach to make humans respect him. They might respect other humans, who had used such approaches, but they only saw him as a monster and he had lost his siblings as well. Working for Kotak had seemed a slightly better method. It might have been the same type of work, but some professional human assassins had procured power and respect through such a profession. 
Yet it wasnt working. Witta had never caught his prey and he hated that even more than not getting paid by Kotak. That man below was now his obsession beyond any human respect, beyond anything he knew. Thus, when the swarm seemed to part and the man was right there out in the open, the griffin hurled himself downward, talons outstretched as he fell with only his wings to curtail his descent. Animal fury and unconscious madness fueled his body now. 
Dozens of blocks away from the square where the fighting took place, Sergeant Gnat leaned against a wall and glanced around the empty street before he sardonically muttered to himself, Well, here I am. Any enemy troop movements? No, nothing suspicious, just that dog who looked at me about an hour ago with his head aslant. Yes, I might even surmise that dog belonged to Kotak. He certainly looked evil enough with his crooked eyes. This is just great, Im the only one guarding the gate. Even Kotaks guards have run off to fight! 
Gnat yawned and pushed himself away from the wall before he ambled towards the gate. He slid aside the viewing cover so that his eyes could scan the road leading out from the gate. Yet it was still quite empty with the only movement from rustling grass. 
The sergeant sighed and closed the cover, wishing again that Juna or Hart hadnt given him this assignment. He would have been more useful in the battlefield. He couldnt bear waiting around here when all of his friends risked their lives. Gnat growled and clenched his fists before he spun around, thinking that he heard a sound, but his irritation was making him hear things. It would probably drive him crazy if he didnt do something. 
Perhaps he should just give in to his desires and disobey Junas orders so that he could dash through the streets, burning off his anger until he stumbled upon the battle. But no, he would just hold out a little while longer here and keep watch. Yet Gnat didnt want to keep peering out of this little viewing cover. He needed to see the whole vista of the plains and since the wall was unmanned for now, there was nothing stopping him from ascending to the parapet. 
The sergeant clambered up and treaded onto the escarpment, past the system of pulleys and levers used to open the gate before stopping at a point directly above the gate. He shielded his eyes and leaned slightly over the parapet, staring towards the vanishing point of the long, dirt road. A trail of dust was building up, just masking the figures traveling on it. 

Fato and Frigo alighted themselves on Monikas saddle. Frigo turned to his father and told him, Look, you know your eyes arent what they used to be. Thats probably why you didnt see that big blob flying in the distance over Kiki. 
Monika moaned and covered her ears as Lake halted in the middle of the road and started barking up at the sky. She murmured, Frigo, please dont argue with your father right now. Im too sick to tolerate such noise.
Fato nodded and informed her, Dont worry, Monika, well try not to bother you and please accept my condolences on your poor state. Besides, an argument would be useless since my eyes are just fine and there wasnt a big blob flying over Kiki.
Frigo glared at his father, but kept his mouth shut as Basha grinned at the imposing sight of Kiki. Basha cried, There it is, our final stop, the end of this long trek! Here, well finally find Shama and hopefully, Taus Cup as well! Monika, tell me, are you starting to feel at least a little better? 
His wife shook her head and slowly rubbed her stomach as she replied, Oh, Basha, Im afraid its not getting any better. It might even be worse than before. Theres no reason, I suppose, yet Ive also been thinking that I look different. Do I seem a little more plump to you? 
Basha shrugged and remarked, I dont think so, especially when you hardly ate anything this morning and then vomited. Well, it just wouldnt be logical for you to get plumper when youre so sick. 
Monika cleared her throat and blushed slightly, still slightly nauseated about vomitting behind a bush just after breakfast this morning while her husband held back her hair. Still, she couldnt help shaking off the thought, no, more of a feelingshe mindlessly rubbed her stomach again, hoping that she might feel better soon. Ama studied Monika, and a thought occurred to her that both frightened and wearied her, for the amazing yet scary possibility it brought.
Eldo turned his head and stared at Ama as he queried, Whats wrong with you? Youre not sick as well, I hope. 
Ama weakly grinned and sadly shook her head. You dont understand, do you? My, I suppose men can never make the connection about these things until its pointed out to them. 
Eldo frowned at Ama and shook his head as he rode away from her. But Ama ignored him as she stared at Monika, wondering when she might get a moment alone with her to discuss the possibility behind her illness. Meanwhile, Eldo steered Shadow towards Jobe and the two men rode side by side for a moment, not saying very much as they watched Lake romp about the side of the road, occasionally pausing to scratch his ears.
Eldo glanced up at the edifice of the walls ahead of them before he turned to face the bard. Jobe, youre very lucky to be a bachelor and not bothered by any women.
Jobe gruffly chuckled and notified him, Ah, Eldo, Ama has been giving you trouble? Please, its probably just a little thing that shouldnt bother you and besides, you dont really know about me, about the women that I have met in my life.
Eldo blinked and hesitated, wondeirng if he had any right to inquire about Jobes personal life. But now they were almost at the gate and his questions could probably wait until later. 
Basha stared at the closed gate and wondered why it wasnt being used, why it wasnt opened to traffic, but the gate was already slowly swinging open, powered by a mechanical system. So at least there were guards at hand to operate it, reassuring any fears Basha might have about mysterious doings. 
The group rode through the gateway and glanced around at the silent buildings, yet they could sense that they werent empty. The absence of sound hinted at the holding in of breaths. 
As the horses cantered onward, Frigo turned his head around and shrieked, Hey, everyone, theres a fellow coming after us!
They halted their horses and turned around as Lake started barking at a man jumping off of the last stone steps alongside the wall, probably just come down from opening the gate for them. The man jogged towards them and skidded to a halt, panting heavily from his run. 
The stranger lifted his head towards them and shouted, Its so good to see you. We had thought the worst had happened to you. But quickly, Ill have to take you all to the others!
Basha frowned and asked, What are you talking about, who are the others? For that matter, who are you?
The stranger blinked and straightened as he answered, Basha, its me. I know its been years, but well, I suppose I have changed.
Basha gazed at the mans face and squinted before his eyes widened and he gasped at the realization that this was Gnat. He still couldnt help thinking of the man as 10 years younger, barely more than a boy of 13 years. The rest of the group gaped at each other in bewilderment, not noticing two shadows slipping away down a side street. But when Jobe, Monika, and Fato gained enough sense to scrutinize him, they all smiled as they finally recognized Gnat. 
Monika chuckled. Oh, Gnat! Its good to see you after so long! Yes, well come, lets go! 
Sergeant Gnat nodded and set off, striding towards a street as the group followed close behind. Frigo, Eldo, and Ama listened to the others chat about old times fighting together. Basha kept asking Gnat about what was going on, but the sergeant managed to sidestep answering for the moment. 
They continued down the street and then Gnat cut through an alleyway and they followed him, thinking all the while that he was taking an odd route. As they went through this alleyway, a steady rumble that they had faintly heard before in the background grew loud enough so that they knew something was happening at the far end of the alleyway. They could sense Gnat faltering in his steps until he stopped.
Sergeant Gnat turned around to face them, inhaling deeply. I hadnt expected everything to shift this way. But perhaps the enemy managed to break through. Well find out when we make it to the mansion.
Basha gaped at him. You mean to say that theyre fighting ahead of us? Whats going on, Gnat, who is the enemy and how did they get in Kiki?
Gnat rubbed his hand through his hair. Theyre usurpers, Basha. The leader was here all of this time and his force just managed to slip in. Its complicated, please dont ask anymore of me until we reach the mansion, Wombas there and hell help explain everything. At the alleys mouth, well just slip past the fighting and keep to cover all the way to the mansion. However, you all should be prepared to defend yourselves, just in case somebody on the other side attacks us as weak prey.
The group winced at such grim words, but took them seriously since Gnat obviously knew what he was talking about. So most of the group reached for the hilt of their swords, although Jobe, Fato, and Frigo had no such defenses. At the end of the alleyway, the horses balked at the scene in front of them and Lake whined, with men yelling and clashing with each other, so the group dismounted and grabbed the horses reins. 
They managed to tug the horses along into following them, although the hound continued to accompany them out of sheer loyalty for Eldo, despite the fact that he still kept his tail tucked between his legs. They all kept in step with Gnat. 
They stayed close to the shadows and kept their eyes focused away from the battle on the other side of them, away from the sight of injured and dying men. Fato glanced upwards and squawked in horror. The falcon frantically waved his wings until everyone else looked up to see a griffin soaring away from the battlefield, his back facing them as he headed towards the towers of the palace.
Gnat breathed a sigh of relief and told them, That was Witta. Just be glad he wasnt facing us. Come on, we better keep moving.
Frigo shook his head and turned to face Fato as he muttered, Yes, father, you should be glad that you werent facing that griffin. A real noble falcon wouldnt have acted the way you did.
Fato frowned and hissed, Dont worry, son. When I see him next time, Ill live up to my nobility.
Lake still growled at the disappearing form of the griffin, although Sergeant Gnat had already lowered his eyes from the sky to glare at Fato in annoyance. Still, the sergeant shrugged and gave up trying to understand the falcon as they kept moving until the battle was behind them.
The noise started to fade, the battle vanishing as they found themselves once more traveling along an empty street. However, this neighborhood was made up of finer, larger houses than the ones situated near the gate and it appeared that Gnat was leading them towards the largest house of them all, a sprawling four-story building. 
Monika pointed at the building and asked, Gnat, who loaned out this mansion as headquarters for Womba and his men?
Gnat glanced down at the ground for a moment, not answering before he lifted his head and suddenly cried, Look, theres someone coming this way!
The group turned their heads and saw a man emerging from the mouth of a nearby alleyway, his steps slowing down from a long jog. His momentum faltered and he halted, panting as he leaned heavily against the wall, weary and dejected. Gnat dashed over to him and Basha, Monika, Jobe and Fato soon joined the pair. Eldo, Ama, and Frigo remained perched on their horses as they watched the reunion between the old group members. Lake pranced about between the groups, barking in a joyful randomness. 
Sir Pacaben clapped Basha on the back and turned to face them all as he bellowed, Oh, its so great to see you all. I knew you all still had to be alive. Not even an avalanche could stop Knights like us!
Jobe blinked and exclaimed, Oh my goodness, thats what Gnat meant when he greeted us! How did you all hear about the avalanche?
Sergeant Gnat gestured in frustration and curtly replied, We had a spy in the palace. He came and reported to us about Shama bringing the Cup and news about all of you dying in an avalanche. Now come inside. The sooner we talk with King Womba and get everything explained, the sooner we can handle the usurpers and get the Cup back.
The group rolled their eyes at Gnats rush, but they dismounted from their horses and followed the sergeant and the knight around to the back of the mansion and to the stables. They placed their horses into the stalls and Lake the hound settled down on a pile of straw. While most of the group left the stables, Eldo lingered to pat his dog and noticed Sir Pacaben leaning against a stall, clutching at his side.
Are you wounded? Why didnt you say anything? Eldo asked.
Pacaben lifted his head and answered, No, I wasnt wounded in battle. Its just that all of this action aggravated my old wound that I got from falling down three flights of stairs. Gnat saved me then. Its a long story and it didnt work to stop any of this from happening. But Ill be fine after a few days of rest.
Eldo shook his head and muttered, Dont worry, you wont be out of commission for that long. Youre too important.
Pacaben opened his mouth, but Eldo had already crossed the room and suddenly pressed his hand against the knights chest. Sir Pacaben doubled over for a moment before he straightened, gasping in shock at the rush of energy that had entered his body. The young man had already turned away and was walking out the door, staggering slightly after using his power. His amazed patient followed close behind as they managed to catch up with the group before they entered the mansion. 
Immediately inside was an entrance room with a pair of armed guards who backed down at the sight of Sergeant Gnat and Sir Pacaben. They headed into a large room, mainly void of furniture except for cots for the soldiers to sleep on. The falcons alighted on the back of an empty chair placed against the wall. 
A crowd of people, mainly soldiers dressed in plain clothes, rested on their cots, although a few women and children sat about the room, living in this mansion with their husbands and fathers. Basha noticed one particular family sitting in the corner, looking like they could tell a story with a ruffled mother clutching her baby as she watched her twins tiredly play with a 5-year-old boy who didnt appear to be a family member. 
However, the most intriguing family member had to be the father, a middle-aged man with a grim despondency about him seated with one leg set to the side at an odd angle that suggested lameness. At that moment, the door slammed open and Basha forgot about the family as they turned around to see a group of people entering the room, surrounding a man he vaguely recognized as King Womba, although slightly more aged since he had last seen him.
A woman, obviously his wife Queen Mina, tugged on his sleeve and hollered, Dont go out there. Youll get yourself killed and then well be nowhere! What will your family do when youre dead? What about our poor Wonan? Youre not being fair to anyone! 
King Womba spun around and roared, I am being fair to my soldiers, my darling. They are fighting and dying for me and they deserve to receive any aid that my fighting prowess will give them!
Mina rolled her eyes and shrieked, Fighting prowess! Listen, my sweetheart, those soldiers were trained to have more fighting skills than you do. You couldnt give them much of a benefit except as a martyr! Even then, being a martyr wouldnt help them much. What would help them would be the firm pillar of fighting to keep their king alive!
A fatter, older man, yet still recognizable as Lord Fobata, nodded and piped up, She is absolutely right, your Majesty. They were all trained as best as possible to keep themselves alive and strong in the face of such adversity. Please, the battle is ending even as we speak and whether or not you go out there will not affect the outcome in any way, be it good or bad. The men will--oh, Sir Pacaben has returned and--Basha! Oh my goodness, youre here, and with friends!
Basha bowed to Womba, not noticing that Peri and his family were staring in awe at him as he murmured, Your Majesty, I am honored to be in your presence and I offer my aid, especially when it seems to be such a trying time for you all. However, I have yet to understand the circumstances of the usurpation. Gnat wouldnt explain anything to us. Who are these usurpers and are they the same ones that now have the Cup? 
Womba sighed and glanced around at the group as he whispered, First of all, they are the same men that hired Shama to steal the Cup. Let me just say that I know you have come all of this way to retrieve it, perhaps going through great struggles. Thus, I cannot yet receive your aid until everything has been told and you all have decided whether or not you want to fight or remain at the side until we bring Taus Cup back to all of you. However, I am afraid that I am at a loss about where to begin. 
The group stared at each other, unable to comprehend such a strange speech that seemed to reject Bashas offer. Everyone stood there silently until Fobata mumbled, Well, I guess Ill start. Uh, Basha, this is a little awkward, but may I see your necklace? 
Basha gasped and stared at Lord Fobata in shock, not wanting to give that man such a valuable possession. But Fobata stood there with such a serious, imploring countenance that Basha reached into his shirt and pulled out his mother Kalas locket, removing it and giving it to Fobata, hoping the man wouldnt drop it. 
Fobata reached forward and grasped the locket by the chain, gazing at the pendant as it dangled in mid-air. The name etched upon it conjured up innocent childhood days of play and bliss. Wonderful days for Fobata, before his lordly duties, before the evil plots on behalf of blood and Doomba, and before the betrayals that he had experienced from his own servants and brother Goga had ruined everything. 
Yet even with all of the terrible things that had happened to him, the name had remained with him, within those sweet memories and his secret hopes of redemption. For Kala had escaped evil and known a good life. Even though Fobata now knew that her good life had only lasted for a short time, he still wanted to take his turn at truly escaping such an evil life. 
Before he had only fooled himself into believing that he had shunned all evil by working with Sonnagh to destroy Goga. Even then he hadnt been prepared to release all of his evil by informing on Lord K. Now only Kotaks defeat could erase that evil from his life. 
Meanwhile, Basha frowned at Lord Fobata, still standing there with a strange look on his face. But Fobata handed back his mothers locket and so he grabbed it and turned to Womba, who finally decided to talk since no one else would. 
Womba sighed and told Basha, Well, several months ago, as far as we can figure, strange documents passed underneath our notice with an upsurge of privates from Coe Wana coming into the city, and inordinate requests for money and supplies from the barracks. About a few weeks ago, just before the usurpation, a document passed into my hands that amazed me, requesting permission to go after quite a few deserted soldiers, some of whom had been my best and most loyal soldiers, like Pacaben and Gnat.
Gnat nodded and explained, There had been whispers of discontentment among the soldiers and the privates certainly had been noticed by the sergeants like myself training them. Soon afterwards, Aman and I learned that Juna had been setting up this mansion as a safe headquarters and some of the soldiers retreated here when the others started swearing oaths to one of the lords.
Jobe gasped and cried, Juna got this mansion for all of you! How could he have done that?
Womba cleared his throat and replied, Well, the truth is that he really wasnt a servant for Fobata, but a lieutenant that my father Sonnagh and myself sent to spy on the lord. It was an added bonus that he arranged a servant rebellion, good enough that we instantly promoted him to a captain on his return.
The group gasped and turned to Fobata, who held up his hand and informed them, Im fine with what happened in the past. I deserved it then and its not like I could change what happened. Besides, I know the rebellion probably would have started even without Junas influence on them.
The group slowly nodded, appreciating that Fobata had indeed mended his ways with such a display of peaceful understanding. King Womba continued, Well, the usurpation took place about 16 days ago. He described his familys experience and how they escaped, but once more neglected to mention who had taken over.
Monika rolled her eyes and queried, Well, thats all fine then, but since youve all avoided it so much, who was the lord that took over? 
The people in the room grew silent and twitchy as they looked at each other, knowing what this would mean to Basha. Finally Pacaben sighed and decided that as a former member of the group, it might be easier for Basha to hear the words from his mouth. 
Pacaben stepped forward and murmured, Well, when I first came back here years ago after traveling with Basha to Coe Baba, I finally started paying attention to what was happening in court. After awhile, I noticed his name being spoken amongst the other courtiers. At first, I didnt feel inclined to learn anymore about him, especially when I had my own family to think of. But then Juna wrote to me that he needed my help and it was urgent that I should come. 
It wasnt until I arrived here that I learned about all of the trouble that was happening. I even saw and heard traitorous acts taking place right in the heart of the palace. I tried to warn Womba, but I failed quite miserably. It was a dishonor to myself as a knight of the realm. Im just babbling about my own problems with this mess. Basha, I dont really know how to say this, but the usurper is Lord Kotak, Kalas father and your grandfather. 
The group gasped and gazed anxiously at him, numbly standing there since the news hadnt hit him yet. When it did, Basha groaned and felt a headache coming on as he leaned back against the wall. Monika rubbed his shoulder, not thinking about her own condition with concern for Basha. Her husband had never met Kotak, yet he was Bashas grandfather and pure evil, simply put after what he had done. Yet Basha was the lion of light, it didnt make any sense. How was any of this possible in the first place? 
Fobata coughed and inquired, Uh, actually, that isnt all of it. Do you want to hear the rest?
Basha sighed. Go ahead and say it, Lord Fobata, we need to know everything.
Fobata slowly nodded and informed them about Lord Kotaks claim to the throne as a distant cousin to King Womba, startling Papia and Peri who had never learned that they were related to each other, Fobata, Basha and the king. Papia recalled how his father had told him about grandfather Rhia keeping the family tree a secret from his sons. He now understood what Rhia had meant when he had told Papias father and uncle that it is embarrassing to see the family tree.
Basha grimaced at the thought of Fobata being one of his distant cousins as well. Fobata mentioned the possibility of Lord Kotak being Doombas heir. I mean, he probably doesnt have all of his powers. Lord Fobata said. Those supposedly can only be granted quite a few years from now, twenty-five to be exact, but he must have been given a little to keep an old man like himself fit for all of this. 
Monika shook her head. Look, lets talk about something else right now. Why was everyone running and fighting when we came into the city? Where are Juna and Aman?
Pacaben helplessly shrugged. It was an hour or so ago, I suppose, when Fobata came running up to me from a side street and told me that Juna requested aid. We had learned from Zokla that there was going to be a surprise attack today, but we didnt know where it would strike, so we had to split our forces three ways. 
This morning, Kotaks men bore down on Junas force in full strength. Sergeant Aman had been designated the leader of the third force, positioned on the opposite end of the city and Fobata here said that his steward Marlo had been sent to Aman with the same message from Juna. I tried to reach Juna and help him out with my men, but I couldnt break through Kotaks forces. Since Marlo hasnt returned yet either, I suppose Aman and his soldiers are still fighting, perhaps alongside Juna. I hope theyll all be back soon enough.
Basha sighed and declared, Please excuse me, I need to be alone. Tell me when Juna comes back. Maybe we can talk about any plan he has. 
Basha headed out of the room with Queen Mina directing him to a private room. She returned to kiss her son and allowed him to run back and play with Pip and Pim, although she lingered to watch them and wonder what the future could hold for her son when so much depended on Kotaks defeat.
Finally, Gnat interrupted the silence. Perhaps we shouldnt have told Basha about all of this. Perhaps we should haveI dont know. 
The man in the corner growled. Its better that he deals with these things now instead of later! Let him have his peace for now. It may be the only peace he gets. He must remember what hes doing! 
His wife groaned. Peri, please calm yourself. Dont upset the others! Itll be fine, darling, we just have to trust that, though its been hard on us and everyone else, itll get better.
Eldo felt the urge to check The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer, to see how any of this could get better and come out just fine, yet he was fearful as well that the prophecy would foretell the failure of this effort. Ama noticed how he squirmed and correctly guessed that he wanted to read the book. So she turned to Gnat in the hopes that distracteing her beloved with idle conversation would make him forget about the future.
Ama turned to Gnat. So, when do you think this Juna will be here? 
Gnat smiled and explained, I havent seen him since the battle, but he should be fine. Major Juna is a good soldier and a great leader, although his name wasnt Juna. Its Hart. Say, Eldo, whats the matter with you? 
Eldo managed to sigh and wipe away something in his eye, knowing now that to understand the future was in its own way a curse. Ama eyed Eldo suspiciously, wondering if his discomfort stemmed from something he had read in The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer. But she decided not to pursue the subject with Gnat so close by, especially if it had anything to do with Juna or Hart.
Womba sighed and nodded, Yes, I suppose Peri is right. Well let Basha have some peace. For now, I think I have a new plan to take Kiki from my own memories. Fobata, do you think its possible that we could find Molok? 
Lord Fobata looked up in surprise, but then smiled and told the king, Last I heard, he was in Kiki digging latrines to finish his debt to society and that was only a month ago! Hell be around and Ill find him well enough. Marlo! Were going out for a walk to find a prisoner! 

 
Chapter 14: Life and Death
Kotak was satisfied, observing the battle from a high window in the palace, that his tactics were working. However, he was too busy to think, for Yaggee had come to his room to practice magic and Yaggee was driving Kotak crazy. Though Yaggee was too valuable to cross or lose, even though he pretended to be one of Kotaks servants, still Kotak didnt care if he fired or killed Yaggee at the moment. The old coot was making him wilt flowers! He was usually friendly with Yaggee and some of their lessons had been interesting with levitating and throwing objects. Yet now they were moving on towards a new subject, causing pain, but Yaggee seemed to be starting him off as small as possible.
Yaggee sighed and growled. Concentrate on the flowers, bozo. Dont look at me! The flowers are the enemy, destroy them now! 
Kotak sighed and roared, Im trying, but flowers arent exactly the type of people I would call the enemy. Im fighting enemies far worse than this! This is too slow, Yaggee. All I want to do is speed things up with my magic lessons! Cant you go back to teaching me how to move things, to at least satisfy my need to use more power than this? My power is so strong that it could move mountains. I know this, let me at them! 
Yaggee screamed, No! Not yet. We still have to finish these flowers and advance onto human subjects before we can even think about moving mountains, much less rocks! You still think that you have strength, but your body and mind are too weak! Doomba might have given you some strength to survive the years ahead before you can truly become his heir, but it still didnt do much good with your muscles or your brain!
How dare you talk to me-- Kotak growled.
If you tried to move a mountain, the strain would overcome and destroy you! Yaggee shouted. Do not weaken to temptation. You must be resolute in your task! Now, wilt the flowers or I will take you on my knee and spank you! Dont think I wont do it, for you are a child to me, not a great king! 
Kotak sighed in frustration and wilted the flowers using the power of his mind. Yaggee finally smiled, glad that his pupil was finally learning not to question his teachers knowledge. Perhaps he should advance Kotak more in his studies.
However, Kotak ruined such pleasant thoughts for Yaggee as he looked up and arrogantly proclaimed, There, I wilted your flowers, thus completing this tedious and irrelevant task. Now, what shall we do next? Heal someone? 
Yaggee rolled his eyes, for he still couldn't believe that Kotak could act like this. Maybe the power of a throne could go to someones mind! Yaggee shook his head, angry at himself for thinking that he could change Kotak for even that one moment, but most of all he was angry with Kotak.
Yaggee yelled, I am going to spank you for your impudence. You deserve nothing more than that! Think next time before you show me such lip, for though you may be a king, I still have more power than you could ever guess! 
Kotak grimaced later on, his bottom sore. Despite his slight discomfort from Yaggees harsh words and punishments like just now, Kotak would not abandon his almost daily walk across the castle towards the dungeon and he did not care if anyone did notice. Actually, unbeknownst to Koak, a lot of people did notice his travels to the dungeon in recent days. 
Mostly they avoided him around this time, not wanting to upset him, although Lord Zokla often followed Kotak to the top of the dungeon stairs, hoping that he might overhear some conversations down below. However, one messenger did not know not to interrupt Kotak on his way to the dungeon. 
The messenger bowed his head. Good day, my King Kotak. I have recently returned from Pakka to bring you news that the old king has died and the new King Regar has sent his greetings, wishing peace between Pakka and Arria with a bright future of friendship! 
Kotak slowly nodded, not really caring, but he murmured, Such a shame, really, the old king was a good man, but the new king shall probably be the perfect man to rule Pakka for many long years. I will respond likewise, although be certain he knows this comes from the new King Kotak. He probably meant those greetings for Womba, didnt he? 
The messenger winced and muttered, Well, he didnt know what happened to the horrible Womba. I hope you will still accept his greetings, King Kotak. 
Kotak frowned and gruffly nodded as the messenger sighed in relief, scurrying off in case Kotak might change his mind. After descending into the dungeon, Kotak walked past the long line of cells with prisoners shouting for him again, but he ignored them with his own dark thoughts. Hava was prominent among the crying prisoners.
Hava cried, Kotak! Come on, do you or do you not need a scribe? Let me out, I can do anything for you! I can organize papers, settle your accounts, and any other type of desk work! 
Kotak smiled as he told him, Well, thats all very interesting, I guess. However, I am not much of a man to stay at my desk right now. Ill see you when I really need you!
Hava screamed in frustration as Kotak passed by him and entered the torture chamber, thinking that it was looking nicer than it had earlier this month. Shadows near the wall moved and reveled themselves to be Shama and Om. 
Kotak sighed, rolling his eyes as he muttered, I cant believe I am that predictable for you two to realize I would come to the torture chamber now. Shama, do you think Im sticking too much to the same routine? 
Shama nodded, sneering as he replied, Yes, you are, and a man in your position faces too much danger. Routines just make it easier to find you when necessary to put a sword into your back. Still, you have nothing to fear from us. We just wanted to tell you something we found out. Om, you tell him.
Om glared at Shama and cried, Me, why me? You were the first one to spot them during the battle. Youre the one thats supposed to know them so well from the past!
Kotak growled and roared, Oh no, dont you dare tell me that Basha and his friends made it all the way here!
Om fell onto his knees and pleaded, Please, King Kotak, dont harm us! Its not our fault. We thought nature had done the job of killing them when the avalanche came!
Shama snarled at Om and yelled, How dare you do such a thing, groveling before him! Youre a coward, Om, and besides, Kotak is not a king yet! There is no proof, no bodies yet for King Womba or his little family! Kotak cant be king until theyre killed. I suggest you stand up now and start acting like a real man, Om! 
Kotak glared at Shama, angry at him for bringing such a fact to light, but it was true and he had to get rid of King Womba and his family before he could turn against Shama or Om for their insolence. Kotak pointed at Shama. You can recognize Basha and his friends?
Shama frowned and nodded, Of course, you know me. I always keep the face of my enemies within me. Thats how I recognized Basha at that inn after all of these years. Do you want us to kill them?
Kotak shook his head. Not just yet. I want you two to search for the group with my assassin Witta assisting you two, and capture one of them. I do not exactly require you three to capture Basha, but any member of his group will satisfy me. Now, where are the repairmen? I want to ask them if these torture devices will be ready soon.
Om smiled and informed Kotak, They were leaving when we came in. Everything is done. See? Look at how they sparkle and shine, like brand-new. I bet the repairmen must have cleaned and polished them like mad! May I inquire if the group, or one of them at least, will be among the first to try out these devices?
Kotak nodded. Yes, I want them to be the first, although that hatch in the corner does interest me. Weve had a lot of rain recently, I gather. 
Shama and Om bowed as Kotak went to look inside the hatch, nearly cackling with glee when it was even better than before. Maybe Basha would be the first one down there! Kotak passed by the hatch and moved on among the devices, his enjoyment growing at every step. He almost felt glad that the group had survived the avalanche to face this torture ahead of them. Soon, he headed once more down the corridor lined with cells and again, Hava returned to his pleas, louder than before, overshadowing the other prisoners shouts. 
Hava hoarsely bellowed, Drinks! I can serve them to you. I was a waiter once when I had to earn money for the University! Oh, yes, I can cook a little, you know, Im a bachelor! I had to learn to cook to survive on those cold nights when theres no wife or mother to take care of me! That reminds me, kids! I once took care of all of my nieces and nephews at my house, while their parents were away!
Aw, thats nice of you. Kotak said.
It almost made me want to kill them, Ill admit, but I managed to calm myself enough to take care of them for the sake of my siblings! Hava cried as Kotak rolled his eyes. Kotak, Im sorry I got angry, just let me out! You dont know what it is like to sit in solemn silence, in a pestilential prison with a life-long lock awaiting the sensation-- Hava shook his head, feeling like he was quoting something. So get me out of here before I go INSANE! My goodness, I may even be INSANE now, help me!
Kotak rolled his eyes and at last shouted, Fine! Guard, release Hava over here. Prisoner #190, okay? These guards should at least learn names, instead of numbers. You know what I mean, Hava?
Hava slowly nodded, but he didnt pay much attention as the guard unlocked the door and the scribe took a step towards freedom. The scribe looked around relieved, not caring that the other prisoners were screaming their hate at him. He stood there enjoying the moment until he remembered that he had a job to do now. 
Hava quickly turned to Kotak and queried, Your Majesty, what can I do for you now? Do you still wish for that history? I will need a proper study or library to conduct the interview and writing, you know. 
Kotak nodded and told him, Follow me, I have a private study in my apartments. Its quite lovely, close to the kitchen whenever you want a bite to eat. A Lord Zokla suggested that I should use the room 
Hava bowed and followed Kotak like a puppy up the stairs and into the light far above the dark dungeons. Zokla and the other noblemen were surprised to see Kotak with a dirty man following him from the dungeons, but they did not care to mention it. However, Zokla smiled when he saw the men heading in the direction of Kotaks private study. He was going to get some good information, he could already tell.

Molok was soon found and brought to the headquarters. The former convict started to nervously quiver. Everyone gathered around again to hear the interview of this odd convict, except for Aman and Juna, who were still missing, and Basha, who was being left alone in a room. Most of the people were curious since Molok looked so odd, a short man that could be called a mole in some ways, even without the work he had done before for Goga.
Womba paced back and forth in front of Molok as he murmured, Many years ago, you were in charge of a tunnel, digging underneath the command of the late General Goga and Shama. The tunnel collapsed during a battle, where you were caught and chose labor over prison. What we want from you today is simple, really. Where is that tunnel located, did it reach the castle, and could it be used after any repairs? 
Molok nodded and sighed with relief. It started behind a pile of rocks to the southwest of main gate, a very good tunnel dug with help from Gogas men, he was very evil. We made it to the castle an hour before the battle, we think between two sheds. Then in the battle, many men fell with the tunnels collapse, and Molok was taken. I always thought Shama used what remained of the tunnel to escape when you won. He is very crafty and sly, yes indeed. I think I could repair the tunnel, a long time with no men to help, but a fairly reasonable time with help, maybe two days versus fifteen with no help. If you give me a good offer to help restore the rightful king, all hail Womba! 
Fobata was satisfied and told Womba, Molok sounds like a reasonable fellow. Im certain hell give us what we want. 
King Womba said, Yes, Ill agree to Moloks offer and give him his help to repair the tunnel. Ill also make sure that if he cheats me, Ill chase him to the ends of the earth and wring his neck. 
Molok paled. Papia bowed to King Womba and murmured, I will take care of Molok, Your Majesty, and I will also find the manpower he needs if he comes with me. 
Womba nodded and thus, Molok was sent off with Papia and several men, armed with shovels, out of the city and towards the rocks. Fobata and Womba were about to move on to some reports when the door flew open and in came Juna and Aman. 
Juna was in a terrible state with sores and wounds all over his body, the worst made by an arrow several inches from his heart. Gnat and the others rushed forward to give aid, but Juna waved them aside and when the major saw King Womba, he pushed Aman aside. Juna stood up tall and bowed to his king before his body collapsed.
Womba managed to catch him, so the king helped Aman carry Major Juna/Hart to another room, followed by a field doctor and a worried Gnat. Eldo groaned and sat back into his chair, while Ama sighed and wandered about the room, pacing before she walked out of the door. Eldo got up and raced after her, knowing where she was going. 
She was heading to the stable when Eldo grabbed her and yelled, No, Ama, you cant read it! The book is dangerous, dont you see? You cant! 
Ama roughly pulled away from her love. I deserve to know what is going on here! You knew that this would happen to Juna or Hart, didnt you? And its not even that, its just that if you could have done something to stop it, I know you would have done it! Eldo, I want to make a difference. I want to help them and that prophecy is the only way we could know what to do, how to help--
Eldo sighed and told her, Its just that we cant do much from here on! What happens next is out of our hands. It is up to Basha from here on if he realizes that he has to face Kotak. Althoughwell, its nothing anyway, just something that not even Basha can do. Still, it will happen, I swear. 
Ama growled in frustration and leapt towards the stable, wanting to find out more and squash or confirm whatever fears she might have. Yet Eldo grabbed her again and they were rolling over each other in the dirt of the yard. Ama screamed, bit, and kicked him, causing Eldo to wince slightly that his beloved would do this to him, yet it did not thwart him one bit as he tried to restrain her and keep her away from the book, which she couldnt read if she might prevent it from happening.
Suddenly, the door banged open and they looked up at Monika hollering, What are you two doing fighting like that? It looks like youre both trying to kill each other! 
Eldo got up, trying to brush the dirt off, and Ama surprised him when she shouted, He read that book! 
Eldo gasped and then pointed at her as he bellowed, Shes obsessed with it. She shouldnt read it!
Monika groaned and rubbed her forehead. This was just going to make her sicker. I dont even know what this is about, but whatever it is, it can wait, okay? Come back in, we have to go see Juna now. 
Eldo and Ama slowly nodded and lowered their heads in shame, knowing that their fight about this book of prophecies was perhaps meaningless compared to the present. So they headed back in to sit by Junas bedside, to wait for him to wake up and see if there was anything that might save him. 

Basha sighed as he stared up at the ceiling in his room, thinking about a lot of things, but mainly about the pains of the past. After losing his memory for awhile because of Wilama, he had almost lost Oaka and thought that he was gone forever, his foster brother and best friend. Luckily, Oaka was well and they soon found each other, but not before he heard the tragic story of his birth mother and father.
Even though he had never met them, it was distressing. Then Monika was taken away from him and when he saw her again, she was so pale and thin, yet she eventually got better. Then there was all that time in the Pits, the darkness, bitterness, and torture, and even now, he sometimes still had nightmares about that time. Jumha the unicorn died in the battle against Doomba and now, if something couldnt be done, Juna would be next. 
Basha had heard all of the commotion outside his door from the doctors running back and forth quietly, yet urgently talking about Junas situation. These good doctors tried to keep his condition secret so as not to alarm the others, but here as he stared up at the ceiling beyond their sight, Basha heard and despaired.
Suddenly, there was a knock and Basha stood up, wondering for a moment if it was some doctor, but he opened the door to see the strange man with the crutch. Basha couldnt help but stare at this obviously bitter man, wondering what could have happened to this stranger, yet also hoping that it would never happen to him.
The man gazed at Basha, searching his face and eyes. My name is Peri and you are Basha, right? 
Basha nodded as he studied Peri as well, before he asked, Peri, when were you injured?
Peri sighed and answered, A few days ago, my father did it to me. 
Basha looked at Peri again, curious until he realized what Peri meant and sighed, glancing down at the floor, uncertain about what to say here and now. Finally, Basha whispered, Well, I guess youre my uncle. What was my mother like? 
Peri slowly nodded and entered, sitting with a sigh on Bashas soft bed, before his face grew still as he thought for a moment about what to say. Peri turned to face Basha as he answered, A sweet girl, about 5 years older than I was. She ignored our older sisters teasing and didnt mind playing with younger kids, like her only other brother and sibling. Sometimes our cousins Fobata and Goga visited us whenever our fathers were busy with their meetings and we used to play games together with Kala usually some damsel in distress. Strange it was for me to learn of Goga fighting against Fobata, they used to be friendly with one another.
It was strange for me to learn that they were brothers. Basha muttered, listening.
Our father used to call Kala our little princess when she was very young until something did happen between them, around her 10th birthday or so. Maybe she found out the truth about him, about Doomba, I dont know. I only learned about it when he did this to me! He indicated his lame leg before sighing. Oh, I remember the few times that I visited her at the abbey, she was very happy there. She loved the library and had a pretty garden there, her favorite flowers were violets. During the brief meetings at the abbey, her manner with our father was slightly cold and he never cared to talk about why she had been put into the nunnery.
You should have known something was wrong. Basha remarked.
Maybe I should have. I tried to understand, but I couldnt. Peri said. The meetings stopped for several years, but then father dragged me along with him to Coe Kiki when he heard of her marriage to Sir Minnow. I saw her here with her fianc, Sir Minnow, and he seemed like a nice fellow. He was very dashing, very charming indeed, seemed quite concern that Kala was comfortable. He had been on several quests, fought in a few battles and was from a very rich family. Our father visited her once, privately, although I dont think that meeting went off very well.
What happened? Basha asked.
I was out in the hallway, in front of her door, and I could hear their screaming! I am not sure, but I think she might have learned of her pregnancy not too long before that meeting, perhaps she had even mentioned it to father. I think he was upset by that, though I dont rightly know why. But not long after my father and I left, the challenge came. There were many rumors that Sir Minnow had been killed by a stable boy in a duel, but the truth is that Minnows killer was another knight, Sir Jarbarr, who was being punished at that time by cleaning out the stables, due to his rage. 
Basha cried, Jarbarr! Are you certain that it was his name, was he from Wana? I want to know, because the girl named Ama is from Wana and she was going to be forced to marry this old man named Baron Jarbarr! 
Peri frowned. Well, he was from Wana, but I never learned that he had been made into a baron! Quite curious, I would have sworn that he should have been punished all of those years ago for that duel. Anyway, the two knights were equally skilled and it was only luck that caused Sir Minnow to lose the fight to Jarbarr. Kala could have stayed at court afterwards, when Minnow died of his wounds. There were many people who would have seen that she was cared for.
But no did. Basha said.
I even suspect that our father would have helped her in that time, if he truly cared for her still. Peri said. But for some reason she decided to find another home. She had thought that heading north was the best thing for her, still within the borders of Arria, but as far from Kiki as possible. So, I lost connection with her. My other older sisters were old maids to the end of their days, something that I think our father encouraged, for some reason. Well, that is about all I can recall at the moment. 
Basha nodded and asked, Peri, what do you think I should do about my grandfather, your father? 
Peri sighed and told him, Well, I dont know. He is evil, I truly know that now. He has tried to assassinate you several times, according to one of your friends. However, I dont know what he would have done if he had known you were his grandson. Then again, I got this bad leg because of him, although he never liked me that much. Perhaps if we can make him surrender, we could give him a trial and put him into prison for life. Then again, he probably wouldnt surrender without a fight, as he is stubborn in that way. You might even share that trait with him, although you should be careful not to be totally stubborn.
Im not as bad as he is. Basha said.
Then, there is also the fact that prison isnt right, because what he has done is treason against King Womba. Peri frowned. Then again, there is also the fact that what he is doing is something that has been drilled into his mind by his father and grandfather before him. They told him that his main purpose in life would be trying to take the throne. Oh, bother, could you ask me that later? Im sorry, but this is a tough question and sometimes, the answer could be even harder to give. Perhaps you could try to reason with him before trying to fight him, but I dont know if that would work. Do you think theres anything else you want to know? I know I havent met you before, but youre still my nephew, if you want any other advice from me. 
Basha shook his head and Peri nodded as he stiffly got up and left. Basha watched him go and thought that Peri was a good man, maybe a bit uncertain of himself, his brains, and his bravery, because of all the insults and abuse from his father. He also thought that Peri might be going to see the dying Juna, despite the pain of his bad leg and fathers betrayal, while his nephew just lied about here, feeling sorry for himself because of Kotak. 
Basha groaned, closing his eyes at the thought of Kotak and the whole mess he had caused, but he sat and stood up, gazing upon the door as he thought of Juna dying. Basha sighed and left the room, thinking that no matter what choices he still had to make, he should take this chance to see Major Juna now before it was too late. 

Juna moaned and the group around him started pacing back and forth. Eldo had fainted on the floor, since he had already tried to use his powers, but for some reason, it hadnt made much of an impact on Juna. Ama was busy trying to revive Eldo, yet she often paused to watch Juna in anxiety. The Blue Sword managed to ease some pain for Juna, but nothing had been solved and Monika threw it down in bitterness. 
The doctors were fairly helpless, saying that at this point, the wounds were too deep and jagged to repair. If they had found Juna earlier, they might have been able to save him. Yet it had been three hours after the battle that Juna was found and the doctors couldnt come quick enough to save him. Basha came in at this point, looked at the gruesome scene, and then sat down by Junas bed, which was more like a deathbed now. Moments went by and silence, and the smell of death, prevailed over the scene. 
Suddenly, Juna/Hart stirred and muttered, Hello? Oh man, what a day, everyone. It was great, wasnt it? How did we do? 
Womba, standing nearby, whispered, Were now only about four streets from the castle and we think that we might be able to dig underneath onto the castle grounds. Do you remember Molok from several years? 
Juna nodded and murmured, I think I do. Is everybody here? Of course theyre all here, I even see--Basha? Yeah, I guess you came in earlier. Does he know--oh, he does know about Kotak. Basha nodded as Juna continued, I guess a lot of stuff has happened while I was out, thats the way it is. I know that I probably wont make it. I felt the swords slice and the arrow and I knew I wouldnt see dusk.
Dont say that. Gnat said.
Its true. There are probably other brave men who deserve as much honor that Im receiving now and I guess theyll get it, when all of this is over and Womba has his place back on the throne of Arria. Well, when Im gone, I suppose someone should take over. Gnat, Aman, Fobata, are you all here as well? Good, good, I see all of you now. Gnat, Im making you a temporary captain, but itll last as long as this crisis. Aman will be the major, Basha will be the colonel and Fobata will be the grand general.
I cant accept this. Basha said.
Yes, of course you can. Juna insisted. All of you together and King Womba as well and youll all be able to do things a whole lot better than I could have done. I was only one man in charge of an army and it would have been better if I had allowed others to help like Fobata.
You did a good job, Juna. King Womba said. The best that anyone can do.
Juna smiled and relaxed. Yeah, it was great. Battle, it gives you adrenaline, yet it also gives you danger, but the menall of them are larger than life, yet most of them were too big for life. All battle is like that and everyone think they are on the right side, but who knows? The only way well ever know is when the right side becomes the victor of the war. Im sorry Im ranting. Wish I could have been a husband, a father, but at least I came close. After all, youre a good kid, Gnat. Say, I think I see-- 
Suddenly, Juna died and everyone bowed their heads as the covers were pulled over his head. Gnat closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, wishing that he could just run off somewhere to privately grieve.
After a moment of silence, Womba sighed and muttered, Hart, who has just left us, will always be known to most of us as Major Juna. He will always be remembered as a great leader and a loyal friend. 
Basha looked up in surprise and Fobata told him, I just learned several days ago that he was actually a soldier named Hart sent to spy on me. Still, he was a good soldier, and he forgave me for treating him badly and I forgave him for leaving with most of my servants so that we could work together now. Very intelligent on the battlefield, very kind is all I can say. Does anyone else have anything more to say? 
Basha slowly nodded, still shocked to learn who Juna or Hart really was, as he whispered, He was a good teacher. He taught me many things during the battle of Mt. Doomba, on the ways of war. Ill make sure that his death wont be in vain. 
Gnat sighed and murmured, I guess he was like my father and like he said, some men are larger than life, and Juna was one of those men. 
Everyone nodded and Jobe started playing a ballad, an old one from many years ago about one of the great heroes of Arria, a stirring piece of music with a touch of sadness. Eldo groaned and sat up from his faint and took in the scene. He lay back down and groaned again, feeling miserable with himself, as Ama patted him gently. The group slowly got up one by one and left to contemplate the scene in peace, while the doctors started to preserve the body that had once been a man.

The morning dawned clear and bright on the 30th day of Juli and the Cups Quest. Despite the loss of Major Juna/Hart, everything had to keep moving, and the war room of his small mansion was still in motion, soldiers running about with all of the leaders, elected by Juna, already at work on the new plan. Fobata stood behind his desk, mumbling as he glanced through his maps and figured out the direction that the distraction troops would take through the streets.
Molok came by and told Fobata, My men are good diggers, very fast and strong! The tunnel could be ready tonight, maybe earlier. Papia has been a good leader with these men, I suggest you keep him! I thank you for the work, sir 
Fobata nodded and declared, Its all good, Molok. I believe we can go through tomorrow morning. Make sure not to show yourself on the other side, exercise caution. Is the space between the sheds wide? 
Molok replied, Its about two men abreast when close to the wall and same measurement when going between the sheds. Not a speck of dirt will leave the hole on the other side, nothing to hint at our activity, this I promise. 
Fobata congratulated Molok again and the man soon left as Gnat hurried over clutching some papers. He had been a bit surprised to learn that Junas will had left this house to him, although he supposed Juna really did consider him his son. Even though Gnat wished to sell the mansion, as he couldnt live in this place he associated with Junas death, he still knew that it would be the best headquarters until this war was over.
Gnat carefully laid the papers on Fobatas desk as he exclaimed, Awaiting signatures, sir, mainly concerning supplies! 
Fobata nodded and informed Gnat, Thank you. There are some men outside that you will need to get to know, Captain Gnat. They will be under your command during the battle, part of your company, the Laurel Troop. 
Gnat nodded and headed out to meet his men, while Fobata went on looking at his maps, before he sighed and glanced up to see what else was going on in the room. Major Aman was discussing several ideas with an army strategist before dismissing most of them. 
Finally, Fobata called over Colonel Basha and asked, What part of the plan has been worked out so far? 
Basha nodded and told Fobata, Aman and Gnat will lead half of our forces into an attack, a distraction while you and I take the other half into the castle by Moloks hole. Thus far, our main goals will be to recapture the palace and find the Cup. Anything else to add to that? 
Fobata shook his head and murmured, It all sounds well. I dont think its possible to improve it, since its the only chance we have. Well, carry on. 
Basha nodded and walked away from Fobata, gazing about the room to see if there was anything else to for him to do. However, Basha gave up on finding anything and he was about to retire to his room when Monika came into the room, moaning and groaning. 
Basha moaned and cried, Dont tell me it hasnt gone away! This isnt normal, perhaps I should send for a doctor! 
Monika shook her head, sighing softly, wishing for a moment that she wasnt causing so much grief for her husband. Nearby, Queen Mina and Plin came in, happily chatting without the children, since Pim, Pip, and Wonan were busy playing elsewhere. The only sign that these two women had other things to worry about was a cradle in the corner where baby Pala slept soundly. However, the two women looked up at Basha and Monika, frowning as they realized something was wrong here.
Mina glanced at Monika and inquired, Are you fine? You look sick. How long has this sickness lasted?
Monika groaned and responded, Its been roughly 13 days. I dont understand it! It hardly ever goes away, and--why are you all looking at me like that? 
The other two women were wiping away some tears. Basha worried for a moment that they were tears of sorrow, but these were tears of joy.
Plin sighed softly and exclaimed, Oh, how adorable, its wonderful! It couldnt have happened to a better woman! 
Mina smiled and cried, My goodness, I hope I didnt look like that when I first found out. She looks really shocked! 
Basha yelled, Whats going on? Whats wrong with my wife? Nothing makes sense! 
The two women frowned at him and turned back to Monika as they softly whispered to her. Monika paled as she listened and then baby Pala started to cry, causing her to flinch. Plin rushed forward to pick up Pala and rocked her back and forth, carrying her towards Monika. Suddenly, it all made so much sense to Basha that he was shocked he hadnt realized it before. The sickness, Monika growing plumper, the mothers smiling at the sight of them and now the baby Plin was holding out to Monika. 
Monika suddenly couldnt help giggling. Oh my, Basha, do you think Im pregnant? 
Basha laughed and clutched Monika as she started to cry, then she started to laugh and Basha started to cry. The people in the room looked on in shock as Womba came in and stared at Monika and Basha jumping for joy even when they were supposed to be planning a war here. 
Womba looked around and queried, Whats going on here?
Mina went up to him and answered, Well, they had no idea, so we simply told them that it looked like Monika was expecting. 
Womba blinked for a moment before he laughed and joined in the merriment, and soon all of the friends had joined in. Fato cackled, Frigo giggled a little, Lake howled and Jobe tried to make a toast, but his wine glass always emptied before he could finish the words. Basha occasionally glanced over at Jobe, who seemed to be crying for some reason as he drunk down his wine. But Basha tried not to wonder too much about it. 
Pacaben lightly slapped Basha on the back, Plin allowed Monika to hold Pala to get the feel of a baby, Fobata roared with laughter, Gnat cheered and Aman saluted for some reason. When the merriment was done, everyone came out slightly frazzled and gladdened, none more so than Basha and Monika. A doctor came by and took Monika into a separate room to check on her and the baby, and everyone went off on their way. 
However, Plin shook her head and said, Oh, I just wish I could check on Monika. Could someone take care of Pala for a moment? 
Jobe hiccuped and looked up, staring at the baby for a moment. Then he sighed and stood up, walking over towards her. Plin stared at Jobe, surprised and nervous, as Jobe looked around for a moment to see that no one was looking or could hear them. 
Jobe leaned close to the woman and murmured, Dont worry, Plin, I can handle Pala. I have held a baby once before, because his mother wanted me to. His name is Claken. 
Plin frowned a little at Jobe in some disapproval, but she allowed him to take the baby girl. Jobe glanced down at the baby and softly sighed, wondering for a moment why life for him had to be so rough, why he always felt like wandering as a bard, no matter what else was out there for him. Meanwhile, not noticing the scene behind him, Basha sat down with a sigh as a messenger came in with a paper requesting more meat rations for the men. 
Eldo saw this and exclaimed, I bet you could get a ton of meat out in the Valley! We saw a lot of animals on the way here, you know, rabbits and such! Permission to gather a hunting party? 
Basha nodded and told him, Permission granted, take a few men along with you, soldiers should be fine. Make sure to be careful when youre leaving through the gates. You know about Kotaks proclamation. 
Eldo nodded and went off to gather some men, ending up with 10 in total, not counting Lake, himself, and Ama. Ama had hunted once or twice before with her father, so she was certain that she could catch some animals. Basha smiled as he saw Eldo and Ama holding hands when they left, thinking that they made a lovely couple together, a better picture than Ama and Jarbarr would ever have been. That would have been too creepy. With the hunting party gone, Basha got up and checked in on Monika and the doctor.
 
Chapter 15: The Capture and Torture
Meanwhile, Hava sat on a comfortable armchair, happily sighing as he experienced the top in luxury. He accepted a glass of ale from one of Kotaks maids, nodding as he sipped it, thinking it was the most wonderful glass he had ever tasted in all of his life! An old man walked into the room and the maids eyes bulged out, but she quickly stepped aside as the man advanced towards them. Hava assumed he was a servant of Kotak, wearing Kotaks family crest on his vest.
Hava shouted, Sir! Hello, may I have some food? I hope that it wont be much trouble, old fellow, if you could get me a plate of ham and such. I am famished! 
Yaggee glared at Hava. Who are you, crazy guy? Kotak! Who is this idiot you brought in? Hava blinked in surprise as Kotak walked into the room, wincing slightly at the sight of Yaggee standing there. 
Kotak muttered, Sorry, I have not told him about you yet, Yaggee. Hava, you might as well know that Yaggee is my magic teacher. 
Hava gasped and cried, Oh, sorry, Yaggee! It is just, you know, that crest you have sewn onto your shirt. I suppose Kotak used it to hide your true abilities, right? 
Yaggee smiled, cackling as he told him, I suppose it was nothing, Hava, but I could tell you that I have not really tried so hard to hide my abilities! Yes, that maid over there, she could tell you all about it. She and the others are all frightened of me! Hava and Kotak glanced over at the maid, who quickly nodded and shrieked when Yaggee took a step towards her. She ran out the door as quickly as possible.
Kotak frowned and cried, Yaggee, I cant believe you! No wonder some of the noblemen are complaining their servants are acting strange. Youre the one causing all of that trouble! I was trying to make sure you kept a low profile, thats why I placed you with the servants! Oh, that is it, youre coming to stay in one of the rooms in my apartment.
Yaggee growled. You cant do this to me.
Unless you want to leave here for good, you will stay in my apartment. Its out of sight of the noblemen and I can keep my eye on you! Kotak insisted. Hava, youll be sharing your room with Yaggee now and you old geezer, tell me what brought you up here in the first place! Hava paled and Yaggee threw a smirk his way, glad enough to have someone left to torture to compensate for his lack of freedom as he turned to the stern Kotak standing over him. 
Yaggee sighed, rolling his eyes, but finally he said, Ah, that Witta grifffin sent me up to tell you that he, Shama, and Om were leaving the palace. Theyre out by now, looking for any member of Bashas group inside the city walls. So we might have to go down to the torture chamber in a little while. 
Kotak sighed and told him, That is all well and good, Yaggee. You can head down to the dungeon chamber now. Dont worry, its much cleaner now. Hava and I will join you in awhile. Now get out of here! Yaggee bowed to Kotak and left the room, as Hava started to relax again. 
Yet business couldnt wait now, and Hava sat up in his chair as he inquired, Now, Kotak, you want me to write your history? Then talk to me about it. Dont mince any words! Kotak stared at Hava sitting there, grasping a pen and paper, and then softly sighed as he wondered how he was going to do this. 
Well, it started a long time ago, as you should very well know. Kotak said. I was born in the year 2616 DA to Lord Ovla and Lady Lauri, my younger brother Pavga born five years later. Ever since I can remember, Ovla pounded into me the belief that I deserved the throne in the name of Doomba, although Im afraid I never did such a thing with Peri. My mother died when I was 10 years old, due to a fall from a horse, but my father married Reni soon afterwards, bringing in my stepbrother Ikla, who was around my own age.
How did you feel about-- Hava started to ask.
Please dont ask me that yet. Wait until I finish. Kotak insisted. Not much happened in my adolescene until I went to the University for about six years and met a young woman named Hunet, who would become my wife and life. Our marriage took place soon afterwards. Still, a fear plagued me as we visited the Oracle of the Tau Valley and she predicted that any child born of my daughters to come would bring ruin upon me. 
That sounds awful. Hava murmured.
Yes, indeed. By this time, I had become seeped in with the Followers of Doomba in my family, including my brother, cousin Fobata, and cousin Goga. Kotak said. Of course I was worried, frightened that if such a thing happened, it would ruin me and perhaps Doomba as well. So thus I made sure to prevent it. The first two girls, Zanita and Cicu, were no problem, as they died years later as old maids. Yet little Kala, my youngest, betrayed her vows to Coe Wan and myself by wedding Sir Minnow and conceiving. Hava, could we stop for today? Im tired.
Hava nodded. You have given me a lot, your Majesty, but what I really want to fill the pages of your history are your feelings, how you felt during all of these events. Jealous of your stepmother for taking your mothers place, maybe angry towards Ikla and your father? What about your happy feelings, your love for Hunet?
Kotak growled. You can make up my feelings, since youre so good at finding the sore spots. Go away. Hava nodded, thinking that a lot of time had passed, so he left King Kotak alone and set off towards the kitchens.

The sun rose towards noon as Eldo and his group returned from the hunt. They had bagged many rabbits, several raccoons, some pheasants, a boar, and most of a deer. They dropped off the game at the cookhouse behind the mansion and most of the men headed off, but Ama and Eldo decided to take a look around the city on foot. Lake whined when they took away the food, but soon followed his master and forgot all about it. Ama and Eldo looked in dismay at all of the damage caused by yesterdays battle and searched for some place that was untouched. 
They soon found a lovely public garden and walked down the brick path, before veering off to smell the flowers and splash water on each other at the pond, laughing. Lake barked and happily pranced about, occasionally tripping them. However, they didnt know that they were being followed. Witta, Shama, and Om managed to remain several steps behind the couple, having caught sight of Ama and Eldo on their little outing. 
Shama pointed to Eldo. That boy there, he was in the fight with us and Basha, very fierce. Look at the girl, you can tell that theyre together. Im certain Basha will pay any price for the two lovebirds.
Om frowned and muttered, Do you think we really ought to anger that Basha too much? Hes powerful, you know, that whole lion of light deal. He did destroy Doomba.
Shama turned to Om and hissed, Oh no, I am not going to let this deal go, just because youre so scared of Basha. Hes just a man! Besides, I bet Kotak would pay us big money for them and maybe Basha will be an even bigger pay-off! Witta, can you catch them? 
Witta nodded. Nobody else is in the gardens today and it is close to the castle, easy to get the captives over there. This couple won't be rescued by anyone and thats the good part. Now, lets get started.
Ama and Eldo sat on a bench, Lake settled down by their feet. Ama smiled as she reached down to pet the dog, when a bird started whistling from a tree nearby. 
Eldo whispered, The birds must be singing, because theyre very happy to see you. 
Ama laughed and didnt notice a couple of men sneaking up on them, not to mention the griffin. Lakes ears perked up and he growled, but Eldo ignored his hound, thinking that the dog had seen one of those birds and was quite hungry, with all of the hunting done earlier he had received no food from.
Eldo was about to say something, thinking to compare Ama to the birds, when suddenly Witta snatched him up! Ama tried to scream, but a man grabbed her and covered her mouth. Eldo wrenched against Wittas talons, crying out as they tightened around him, piercing him. Witta pressed Eldo against his feathery chest, smothering him and his cries until he passed out. 
Ama kicked, bit, and struggled as hard as she could as Om and Shama both had to restrain, gag, and carry her off, punching her a couple of times to subdue her. Lake barked and nipped at their feet, trying to stop them as Ama was thrown over Shamas shoulder. Lake snarled and bit Oms leg hard, causing him to scream. In a fierce temper, he kicked Lake hard and the dog went flying to land hard on the stone path. 
With Shama flying ahead with an unconscious Eldo, Om and Shama snuck off down deserted streets with hardly a soul in sight as they carried Ama. If anyone saw this scene, they decided that it was for other people to deal with. When they reached the palace and Witta had landed, a messenger impatiently stood by the gate waiting for them. 
Om cried, Hello! Have they already found the location of their headquarters? 
The messenger nodded. Yes, as far as we know, its on Maple Street, but none of our soldiers can cross all of the barricades or get past enemy forces. However, they might allow an unarmed messenger like me to pass. Can I leave yet? Daylight is wasting, and I want to make it back here before sundown! Those peasants are a worse bunch of thieves then anyone I know! 
Wait a moment now, before you deliver the message. Shama said. I want to give them something that they can take as serious proof of what weve done. 
Shama took a look at the young people, trying to figure out what would be the perfect proof, before he ripped off a few pieces of cloth from Amas and Eldos clothes. The messenger received the pieces of cloth and bowed to Shama before he left. The rest headed to the dungeon to deposit Ama and Eldo in a cell. 
However, some servants observed the procession, and the news quickly spread about the captives. In the privacy of his apartment, Lord Zokla shuddered, supposedly these were Bashas friends, but he knew that he couldnt do anything now to save them, not if he might still be needed around here as a spy. Ompa paled and dashed into his rooms. Some servants speculated that he spent an hour or so throwing up. 
Bolo, Hamil, and Cica barely acknowledged the news as they wandered along the halls, quietly talking and feeling quite smug about how everyone feared them. The two brothers laughed a little when they saw Bolos eyes still pouring over the letters sent in about prospective wives from their fathers. He wondered if he should decide based on the rank of the father or by the greatest praise directed towards the daughter, as indication of her beauty. 
Finally, Bolo sighed and stuffed the letters in his pocket. Whats the use of looking at this stuff right now? I cant be looking for a wife, not when it seems like Kiki will be closed off from the rest of the world forever. No self-respecting woman would want to marry a man living in a war zone!
Hamil shrugged and muttered, Maybe you should have thought about that before you followed along with Kotaks plans.
Bolo frowned and turned to Hamil. Oh come on, you dont really think I was in on all of this at the beginning? I mean, sure, Kotak is my guardian with my grandfather Ikla dead, but that hardly means anything when I am 20 years old! We hardly associated with each other. No, Kotak told me nothing about this whole mess before he took over!
Thats a shame. Cica remarked.
Besides, even though I am supposedly his heir, I have started to think it odd that you two arrived so soon before the rebellion took place. Bolo said. I mean, when all three of us learned about Kotaks takeover that morning, you two just calmly accepted the knowledge and immediately agreed to go to the throne room! Plus, you both seemed so angry when I was announced as his heir. I wonder why unless you two thought such an honor should come to one of you?
Cica shook his head. Bolo, we were just as shocked as you were about Kotaks plan on that day. But we knew there was no way to argue against him! We know he has power, even if he is old, and we can guess at his temper if we didnt go along with him! Now about our arrival, that was just coincidence. We were even planning on leaving here the day after the attack! However, with everything that happened and Kotaks edict, it was just impossible. Now as for his announcement that you were his heir, we just didnt expect it, thats all. We just automatically assumed that you would be passed up for the chance.
Bolo growled at such words as Hamil thoughtfully murmured, Say, if none of us knew anything about this, do you think Ompa or Zokla could have suspected this? I mean, we hardly acknowledge the two men, yet it still seems odd that Kotak placed them among our ranks.
Bolo, Cica, and Hamil glanced at each other before they immediately burst into laughter at such an outrageous thought! The threesome clapped each other on the back and walked along the corridor, enjoying their high ranks and their friendship that had never seemed possible before Kotak had made them so powerful.

Basha finished the reports and stacked them into a small, neat pile, wondering for a moment how battle could require so much work. He sighed, deciding that the work should be a deterrent to warfare, and went in to check on Monika, who was just fine according to the doctor. However, he doctor cautioned them about taking care of Monika and the baby, what to avoid and what would help, as well as the difficulties that lied ahead of them. He told them approximately when to expect the babys birth, based on how far along she was. 
The doctor wished them luck and ran off as Basha held his stomach until it calmed down after hearing about all of that. He took a deep breath and told himself that the worst thing was that this would be happening to Monika, but she was strong, she would get through this. The baby would be just fine and they would survive. He just had to keep telling himself that.
He went up to Monika and smiled as he asked, How do you feel, my darling? 
Monika sighed and answered, Nothing like Im going to feel if that doctors right. I heard everything he said. Everything ready? 
Basha nodded and told her, This may be our chance, my dear, to reclaim the throne for Womba. Im afraid that youll have to stay here with Mina, Peri, Plin, and their children. 
Monika sighed and muttered, If you say so, my dear, but I am not so certain you can persuade me to stay if I feel well enough to fight. For now, I am feeling poorly, so I will take a small rest. 
Basha sighed, knowing that he should have expected some protest from her. All right, I understand. Itll be a big day and I wish I knew what to do about Kotak, but until then, I probably shouldnt think about it too much. My fraction is large, of course, but I met some of the men Ill be working with. Theyre pretty good-natured and theyll follow orders with some respect, so I know I can count on them. Fobata is a fine fellow, I see now, sort of good with military matters because of his past. So dont worry, everything will be fine, just rest.
I hope youre right. Monika murmured, turning over on her side.
Basha left so that Monika could have peace and quiet. Basha sighed, looking around the busy room as he wondered if there was anything else to do right now besides paperwork. He decided to sit and get some work done when he heard a tapping on a door nearby. Basha ignored it, thinking that they could just open the door if they knew well enough to find the headquarters.
 From outside he heard a muffled voice screech, Basha! Hello! Is somebody in here, we need some help! Ah, how come falcons dont have thumbs? Open the door! Basha groaned, rolling his eyes at the thought of Fato distracting and delaying his work, but he got up and answered, staring at Fato and Frigo hovering close to his eye level. 
Frigo squawked, Look down, Basha. We found the poor animal collapsed here! 
Basha blinked and glanced down, gasping at poor Lake sprawled across the carpet, whimpering softly. Basha leaned forward to take a look at him. The dog had a wound on his left leg, bleeding from the long walk he had taken to get here, and possible a couple of broken ribs. There was no sign of Ama or Eldo around, and it seemed like something terrible must have happened for Lake to arrive here like this. Fato and Frigo flew in, and with Basha in a state of shock, Jobe came to the door to see what was wrong.
The bard cried, Lake! What happened to him, did he get into a fight? 
Basha shook his head as Gnat came up towards them and saluted before he declared, A messenger just arrived at the back door, saying he had something for you. We didnt recognize him, so were keeping him isolated next door to make sure he doesnt find out too much. Is that Eldos dog? 
Basha nodded and stood up, a dull ringing in his ears as Lake whimpered again, and Basha empathized with the dog. Basha turned to Jobe and said, Take care of Lake, please? Maybe theres a doctor around here who might be able to treat an animal or get Monika to use the Blue Sword. 
Jobe slowly reached down to gather up Lake in his arms, as the poor dog continued to whimper. Gnat quickly turned about and Basha followed him out the door and into an old house that had been empty for years until it was reconverted into a storage area for their headquarters. They headed down to the basement, to find several men gathered around the messenger. 
One of the soldiers told Basha, He wouldnt tell us anything until you came. 
Basha nodded and stared at the nervous messenger, who had lost his earlier confidence when he had been seized and seen as an enemy despite being unarmed. However, he still had some hope that he might be released if they didnt focus their anger towards him.
Basha frowned, knowing what message this man brought, but he still whispered, Hello, I am Basha, as you know. You have a message for me? 
The messenger slowly nodded, starting to lose hope now, as he handed over the letter and two pieces of cloth fell from his hands as well. Basha picked them up and scrutinized the cloth, recognizing the strips from Amas and Eldos clothes before he read the letter. He threw it all down in anger and stalked off a corner to think as Gnat snatched up the letter and cloth, reading:
Dear Basha, 
By the time this letter reaches you, some of your friends will be in the dungeons of the castle. Im certain that this piece of news will interest you and I look forward to hearing your response concerning their well being. I expect a good exchange for their lives.
Your dear, dear friend,
Lord Kotak, soon to be King Kotak
Gnat growled and threw down the letter as well while the messenger cowered a little. The impudence! Gnat cried. Dont worry, well get them back. By Tau, theyll come back safe and sound!  What should we do about the messenger? 
The messenger nervously looked back and forth as Basha growled and bluntly answered, Nothing. Hes no help and hes not serving Kotak anymore, right? 
The messenger nodded and answered, I wont take another job from Kotak. In fact, Ill go right now if you want me to! 
Basha waved his hand and the messenger was released. The man immediately rushed off to leave Kiki as soon as possible, though he would be fruitlessly banging on the gate before he was chased off by guards because of Kotaks edict. Meanwhile, Basha returned to the mansion where Lake had already been taken care of, healed by Monikas Blue Sword.
Womba nodded and patted Basha gently on the back as he muttered, Well find Ama and Eldo in tomorrows raid. So lets hurry up and plan this battle out. 
Fobata assigned directions to each member in the committee, who accepted their positions, although Basha paid little attention since he knew full well what the directions and positions were, having been involved in the early stages of planning out this attack. Monika suddenly joined them and declared, Basha, Im coming with you. Ama and Eldo might need some medical attention, especially if Eldo isnt well enough to heal himself. I am in charge of the Blue Sword. 
Basha sighed and murmured, Well, I would say no, but you would keep insisting that you were fine enough, even though youre pregnant with our son or daughter. Then I would worry about the baby and you would convince me that you would take every precaution to protect yourself and the baby. Then it would escalate into a huge fight between us until you trick me into allowing you to go, am I right? Might as well just say yes to save us time. 
Fato squawked, That speech lasted as long as that whole fight would have. You didnt save time! Frigo and I will be the scouts, of course. Youll need every one of us. Hey, Jobe, you want to fight in the battle? Ill give you good odds that you wont win any duels! 
Jobe sighed and told Fato, It is not in my nature to fight, but what else can I do? I cant compose the ballads and epics for this battle without seeing it for myself to know they were accurate. And at least the falcons will be too far away to bother me. 
This produced some piqued shrieks from above, but they ignored the falcons while Sir Pacaben moaned and murmured, I suppose this is all we can do now for the good of Arria and for all of our children, here with us or soon to come. I hope this will not be fruitless. Anyway, dont fear, Jobe. Ill keep my eye on you during the battle to make sure you get out in one piece. King Womba, I still think you should stay behind, but you can come as long as you dont endanger yourself. 
The group nodded and went back to business then, the king discussing how they would proceed down the tunnel. Luckily, the falcons kept relatively quiet for the rest of the meeting, Fato sketching out a flight plan for himself and his son by scratching in the wooden rafters with his talons. He pointed out key points to his son on where their forces and the enemy forces would be, how they would scope out the battle and where to turn around to relay any information back to the commanders. 
He warned Frigo that they would have to keep an eye out for Witta the griffin, who would probably be patrolling as well, and the best ways to evade that creature or hide. Frigo slowly nodded and repeated key instructions back to his father to show that he would memorize the plan. He wanted to be a good flyer and able to keep up with his father. The falcons were still talking when the meeting was dismissed so that everyone could go to sleep and be well rested for the battle.

Eldo groaned when he woke, wishing he could go back to sleep. They were in a dank cell with a thin layer of straw covering the hard, stone floor and water leaked down from above them for some reason. Ama came over and checked his wounds from Wittas talons before Eldo easily healed himself. He managed to get up and walked just a few paces from the wall to the bars of the cell. All he could see were more cells, some of them full of prisoners and some empty down the long hallway stretching to the far left, while there was a door to another room to the right. 
Ama murmured, Thank goodness youre awake now. I think weve been captured. 
Eldo turned to her, arching his eyebrows. You think weve been captured!
Ama sighed, rolling her eyes. Well, I just wanted to say it, in case you didnt take the hint or had some brain damage. Anyway, these are the palaces dungeons. Very clean, dont you think?
Eldo chuckled, but sombered. Look, we cannot joke now. I bet theyre holding us for ransom or something like that. Its probably just like Kotak to do a hideous thing like that!
Ama shrugged. Well, at least they didnt kill us. I guess you might be right. Eldo, what if we tried to tell Kotak about Basha, about their relationship?
Eldo shook his head. No, Kotak probably wouldnt believe us. We have no proof Basha is his grandson. He would think we were trying to save our own skins. Basha, though, has his mothers locket. Ive seen him touching it while on the trail, in privacy. If Kotak is ever going to believe the truth about Kala, then the truth should come from Basha and the locket. 
Ama slowly nodded, nervously looking around their cell, and they waited a long while as Eldo gazed out into the corridor before him, gripping the bars tightly. Suddenly, shadows stirred and their fellow prisoners came up to the bars, yelling and jeering at someone coming up the corridor to the far left.
Shama appeared and stopped in front of their cell, smiling as he bellowed, Ah, youre awake. Now the real business can begin! Ill pick you, boy, since you seem so eager to get out of here! Guard, take prisoner #220 to the torture instruments! 
A big hulking guard came to the door, brushed Ama aside when she tried to rush towards Eldo, and heaved Eldo out of the cell before closing the door. The prisoners all around them hollered louder and louder, trying to shake their bars as Eldo was practically dragged towards the room on the right.
Ama now gripped the bars of her cell and screamed, Come back here, you cowards! Eldo! Keep strong, well get out of this together! 
Eldo couldnt respond as he was prodded forward into the other room and he suddenly paled in horror at the torture devices! As well as Shama and Om, there were guards and three other men inside, Yaggee, Hava, and Lord Kotak. 
Kotak eyed the young man up and down. Boy, what is your name? 
Eldo growled. Eldo is my name, usurper! 
Kotak sighed. That phrase is so superfluous, its used over and over again. Its so beyond clich I dont know what to call it. However, I consider that remark an insult and you better be careful. Lift the hatch. Let him see what could happen to him if he angers me again! 
The guards took him over to a hatch in the floor, lifted the lid, and Eldo looked down into rushing water, an underground stream that was brimming right now due to days of rain. It was like the hatch in his vision when he almost died on the mountain and that frightened him more than anything did right then. 
Kotak chuckled. Thats enough, hes scared silly! Come on, how about we take him to the wheel? Hava, take notes on the prisoners reaction to the treatment! 
Hava quickly nodded. Yes, Kotak, I have wondered for awhile now about the effectiveness of some of these machines. After all, with you as king, were going to be using them quite often on those foolish enough to oppose you!
The guards seized Eldo again and strapped him down to a wheel mounted onto a strange-looking contraption with a lot of gears, rigging, pumps and even pistons to energize it, possibly powered by the underground stream below. Kotak nodded, a lever was pulled, and the wheel started to spin faster and faster. 
Eldo gasped at the speed of it, which took his breath away as he spun round and round and suddenly his lunch was lost. Yet the wheel kept spinning and gaining speed. Eldo moaned as it felt like his insides would be ripped to shreds and then he passed out. At last, the wheel slowed to a stop and Eldo was detached and dragged off the machine as Hava scribbled some notes and examined Eldos condition to gauge his reaction. 
Yaggee grimace and rolled his eyes. Kotak, why do we have to use these things? Here at last is your human subject to test out your power of inflicting pain on! Come on, I remember that whole argument we had over wilting the flowers. I know how much you want to use your power and I think I will allow you an exception to hurt this boy! 
Kotak frowned, shaking his head as he roared, Yaggee, you may be my teacher, but I am still in charge of how I use my powers! Besides, I was too impatient, you were right. I should practice more on plant and animal subjects, perfecting my powers before turning onto human subjects, especially when I am saving my power to use on Basha! Im satisfied enough for now with capturing and torturing such worthy hostages with these machines! Now take him off to the rack and remember your notes, Hava! 
Eldo had regained consciousness when he was dragged toward the rack, which proved to be more excruciating as Shama and Om operated the device. Eldos arms and legs were stretched to their limits and beyond. Pain gripped him and he screamed and cried for what seemed like forever before passing out again. They unlatched him and he nearly fell off of the machine before they caught him. 
Havas pen practically flew across the paper as they gave Eldos unconscious body several lashes with the whip for good measure. Kotak guffawed and told them that it was enough, so they picked up Eldo and took him back, throwing him into the prison cell. He hit the ground with a sickening thud and Ama rushed towards him, crying as she examined him. Shama slammed the door shut and growled at the pitiful sight, thinking that such weakness should be contended with in all of its forms.
What about the girl? Hava asked. Shouldnt we try out the devices with her?
Let her wait until tomorrow. Yaggee said. We have more important things to discuss.
Hava waved his paper about. It was quite educational, I must say. There were so many different effects on the body! Maybe I should send this off to some sort of scientist at the University. I bet he would pay me a lot if I helped him create a definitive work on the causes and effects of pain! So, tell me, how was the reaction in the cell? 
Shama growled and muttered, Ah, that girl is sweet on the boy. Who knows what shes doing in there now? Maybe shes crying, maybe shes trying to clean him up, who knows? 
Om shuddered and whispered, I dont know about all of this. Kotak, what if Basha learns that youve mistreated them? Dont you think he would be absolutely furious?
Yaggee snarled. Om, you coward, I dont believe that Basha could come so far into the palace! No matter what they do, this palace is absolutely secure from all dangers. Not one person could get in here without the guards falling upon them! So even if Wombas men throw themselves against the walls, they will not get through, it would be impossible! 
Kotak and Yaggee cackled at that, although Shama paused, recalling the tunnel behind the sheds. Still, he was certain no one knew of it now. He had used it so long ago to escape from the castle grounds after Goga was killed. It would be almost impossible that anyone yet lived who knew of it. 
Meanwhile, in the cell, Ama wept uncontrollable as she rocked Eldos unconscious body, trying to place his hands on his chest so that he could heal himself. Yet he was senseless and could not summon his power to help himself. She tried not to think too much about the condition he was in as she snuggled close to him, hopeful that help would come with mornings glory. 
Ama, as the darkness grew all around them, continued to whisper, They are coming, Eldo, dont fear. They will be here within a matter of hours. Just stay with me!
 
Chapter 16: The Beginning of the Battle
On the 31st day of Juna, a mass of men marched through the streets of Kiki for the final battle. Children and women hid as their men marched onward towards the castle walls. Angry shouts rose, rudely awaking Lord Kotak and he assembled his generals and ordered them to march out with all of their forces. The soldiers saluted and headed down the drive, disappearing beyond the gates. From the palace windows, other noblemen kept silent watch over their departure as they wondered if they wished for these soldiers to win or lose. 
However, not all of the soldiers left, for Kotak kept a full troop behind at the palace, inside and on the palace grounds, to protect him in case their forces fell on the streets of Kiki. After dismissing the troops to defend against the oncoming attack, Kotak set off down the hallway to his private study, thinking that he would stay here and do some paperwork until news came of victory or that it was time for one last defense, one last siege. 
In the study, Kotak sat behind his desk and lightly rested his hand on the Yellow Sword, lying sheathed upon the desk as, within easy reach of his other hand, Taus Cup shined brightly next to it. Soon after, Yaggee, Shama, Om and Hava entered the private study and bowed to Kotak, who ordered Hava to lock the door. Yaggee glared at Kotak for a moment, thinking that his pupil was being too wary when he had already assured him that none of the enemy forces could invade the palace grounds or beyond. 
Yaggee sank into a comfortable armchair, the only one in the room beside the one that Kotak sat on, while the other three men sat on wooden chairs. Shama and Om in particular shifted uncomfortably in their seats as they treasured the thought of leaving Coe Kiki at that moment for the insult of having to sit on such wooden chairs when they deserved more respect. 
However, the two robbers had chosen to stay with their lord, not because they wanted to protect Kotak, but because they did wish to protect their valuable booty. They had earned a lot of wealth raiding the Windbow and other Zariens and the reward they had received for bringing back Taus Cup was nothing to sneeze at either. Yet even as Shama and Om sat there, Kotak glared intently at them, for it would be just like these two bandits to steal the Cup now with a battle just a short distance away. 
However, Hava the scribe finally pressed Kotak into telling more of his life story and, mainly to pass the time, the thieves and Yaggee listened to the story, though they acted like they werent paying attention. Kotak lightly played with the hilt of the Yellow Sword and recited his story, sometimes glancing at Taus Cup nearby. 
Hava murmured softly and scribbled on a long scroll in the small, private study where they were all gathered together, deep within Kotaks private apartments. Kotak sighed, thinking that this was one of the most peaceful moments he had known since he usurped the throne. He wondered if there was a spell to freeze time so he wouldnt have to face whatever force of men might come on this day. 
At that time, down in the streets, Captain Gnat and Major Aman marched in full array with their men stretching far back into the distance as they reached the gates. Arrows started to fly down from the guards stationed at the palace gates and the soldiers quickly lifted their shields to block the barrage of arrows pouring down on them. The men in the streets also fired arrows, stones, and a few javelins upwards, toward the guards, but most of the missiles barely made it over the walls. 
Gnat ordered another barrage from his archers and narrowly avoided return fire as he held his shield high up to block. He took a deep breath and lowered his shield when it seemed clear. Glancing around at the arrows lying near his feet, he marveled that he could have survived so many. Gnat turned his head and shuddered a little as he saw some archers lying nearby that hadnt been so quick to take cover. He ordered one of the soldiers to drag the bodies away. 
He wiped off some sweat from his forehead and walked away from the gate a few feet before he leaned heavily against the wall of a brick mansion. Gnat briefly nodded at Aman, who was still holding strong at the gates, but personally, he needed a rest. The captain, who was hardly more than a sergeant, sighed and wished for a moment that Juna was still around. For whatever he was called, he still had been quite knowledgeable about what to do in battle, what tactics to try next. 
Gnat shook his head and murmured, Well, whatever else, I suppose Ill still try. I am a soldier, even if this is roughly the second battle Ive ever fought in. Maybe someday Ill get used to being a leader or so, whatever that may mean in some cases. I guess Ill go back, since not even Aman could handle all of these men by himself.
Captain Gnat slowly nodded and walked back to the gates, although he had to halt once and hold up his shield for another return barrage. Gnat lowered the shield and glanced around. He was glad that every soldier had been quick enough to take cover this time as he issued more orders for the soldiers underneath his command. Meanwhile, half of the men loyal to King Womba were following Colonel Basha and General Fobata in the plains of the Tau Valley just beyond the city gate, almost all of whom had to crawl along the ground. 
The large force had made it outside of the city limits by the secret passage where Gnat had led in Lord Fobata. Now the soldiers halted for a moment, just a few feet away from the rocks southwest of the gates, to briefly glance back at the walls to make sure that no guards had observed them. However, most of the guards had already gone into the fray on the city streets. Basha gripped the Black Sword and beside him, Monika clutched the Blue Sword close to her as they gazed at the city walls, knowing that soon beyond these walls and the palace walls, they would emerge from the tunnels darkness to fight. 
Fobata groaned and muttered to himself about all of this crawling, but he glanced to his right and felt a little glad that Marlo, his faithful steward, was accompanying him. Marlo turned and smiled at his lord, bowing his head as he presented to Fobata the lords sword, which the steward had managed to polish while they were crawling, something that amazed Fobata a little. Anyway, the leaders and their force made it to the rocks at last. 
There, Molok met them and pointed out the large tunnel entrance, smiling a little as his mind yet lingered on this labor to repair his masterpiece so that it would truly be perfected. By the cave entrance itself, Papia and some of Moloks diggers stood tall and proud, covered in dirt yet similarly smiling like Molok. Papia and the diggers did think the tunnel was a fine thing, though they now held swords with their shovels thrown aside not long ago. They would be fighting as well, the main thing they imagined as they smiled. 
When they were all assembled, Molok nodded and headed into the tunnel entrance first, large enough for only one person to go in at a time. Then Papia and the other diggers followed Molok, prepared to shore up and enlarge the tunnel if necessary and warn the soldiers to vacate if the tunnel was going to collapse. Finally the crowd of soldiers followed close behind their guides so as not to get lost. 
These soldiers, brought along by Basha and Fobata, nervously headed one by one deep underneath the earth, many fearful of the strange underground world and their superstitions that this was the kingdom of evil demons. However, Basha and Monika were not frightened like some of the other soldiers, strong in their will to free their friends as they moved on in darkness and for awhile were as blind as moles. 
Basha and Fobata, as the leaders, pushed the soldiers forward from the end and at long last, daylight came from a small hole ahead of them. It still took awhile longer for the soldiers to race out of the tunnel, since as soon as they reached the slope that led out of the tunnel, Molok halted the soldiers. 
The principal digger led Papia and his assistant diggers first into the small space between the two sheds where the hole emerged. There these scouts scanned the grounds beyond the sheds to make sure that there were no guards. They also glanced above them, where the wall leaned quite close to the sheds, leaving only a small alleyway between, to ensure that there were no guards or even Witta flying high above up there to look down upon them. 
At that point, Molok stuck his head into the hole and muttered, All good up here, good sirs. No one is expecting us. Now we charge one at a time between the two sheds at the shout. 
Moloks head of disappeared and the soldiers waited for one more second in the darkness before they heard Molok, Papia, and the other diggers shouting. Thus, Basha and Fobatas forces ran up the slope leading out of the tunnel one at a time and then between the two sheds one at a time, all the while pulling out bows and arrows. 
In the courtyard, they turned to face the wall, where Kotaks guards stood high above and these guards had no time to turn around before the soldiers immediately fired their arrows into the enemies backs. They met with little resistance as they crossed the palace grounds and continued firing at the guards on the wall, Kotaks guards surprised by this attack when and where they least expected it. 
Basha and Fobatas forces reached the palace gates to let in the rest of their comrades out on the streets. Now the forces beneath Gnat and Aman and the forces beneath Basha and Fobata were united as all of these soldiers swarmed all over the grounds to fight the remaining guards and try to enter the palace.
As the battle raged on the palace grounds, the soldiers on both sides destroyed the gardens and falling soldiers splashed the water in the fountains. Duels that started in the menagerie, with a lot of quick steps back and forth, ended in the royal cemetery. As battle cries rose up in the courtyards and beyond, all of the friends were scattered across the palace grounds. Sir Pacaben and Jobe fought beside each other at the gate, while Aman and Gnat fought in a rose garden, and so on. 
However, none of Wombas men had yet to enter the palace, for though they had the advantage, Kotaks guards were firm in defending against any of their enemies from coming too close to the main doors or any other doors. Fato and Frigo flapped high above the battlefield, dodging missiles from arrows and javelins that flew high enough to reach them. Yet they kept their eyes glued upon the battle. 
Frigo moaned, flapping his wings. I want to be down there, I want to be down there! I feel useless, why do we have to be scouts? 
Fato frowned and squawked, Because I volunteered us, thats why! Besides, scouting isnt so dangerous for you, my son. I can still make sure that our friends arent hurt from this good vantage point. Pacaben! Look behind you! 
Below, Sir Pacaben heard the shout and narrowly dodged a sword-cut, though he did not know who had warned him. Meanwhile, some of the guards had lost the struggle to hold fast the main doors as Basha, Monika, Fobata, Marlo and a few dozen soldiers managed to squeeze through the gap to quickly enter the palace. 
Though the hallways seemed to be a maze for Basha and Monika, they set off to find Kotak, the Cup, and their captured friends with the small group following close behind them. Other guards met them in the hall and the fighting grew rough and wild. Noblemen ran around everywhere, until they felt compelled to rush to the safety of their rooms when more soldiers entered the palace to assist the small fight. 
Yet Basha and Monika were still alone in some ways, without their friends as they fought. For they had been separated from Fobata and Marlo soon after the first wave of guards charged them in the corridors, and Gnat, Aman, Pacaben, Jobe, Fato and Frigo remained outside the main doors.

Yet far from the struggles of our friends, some lords remained safely ensconced in their rooms, trying to find their own ways of escaping from the reminder of battles beyond their doors, yet still they waited for the outcome. Lord Zokla sat in his room, reading a book or occasionally eating a snack that a servant had brought to him before she fled into the servants quarters. He felt assured for now that his son would make sure King Womba and the others were fine with his hardened battle skills. 
Yet Zokla sighed and for a moment, he wondered what it would be like if Papia had been raised to be more peaceful and diplomatic, not as impatient or stubborn as he was now. But he knew it was too late to change the man. At that time, Ompa fearfully paced back and forth, wondering if he might someday prove himself innocent of compliance in accepting Kotaks rule. However, he had no time to think when he was forced to surrender a moment later to some soldiers entering his rooms. 
However, other lords were farther away and couldnt be captured yet. Lord Bolo sat in his room and continued reading some more letters about perspective brides. Bolo picked up a letter and blinked as he recalled that he had read this letter from a count in Pinal before, yet he couldnt exactly remember what had been the name of the counts daughter. 
Lord Bolo scanned the letter, then slowly nodded as he murmured, Genette, what a lovely name, I must say. Lady Genette, wife of Lord Bolo. He smiled. That actually sounds quite pleasant. Perhaps I can take that as a sign she may be my wife. Hey, she can sew, thats always good. Sweet-tempered, always a great quality. And shes quite beautiful, according to her father! I must admit that all of this could be a little biased, but perhaps when all of this is over, I can go to Pinal and talk more with this count, maybe observe Genette from a distance. What elseoh, shes smart, but thats fine. I dont care about that, just as long as she can love me and be my perfect wife! 
Bolo smiled, picturing himself and Genette as a lovely, adoring couple, unable to imagine any other vision besides this. Meanwhile, Cica lounged about on his couch and hiccuped as he took another sip of wine, a little giddy as he tried not to think of the sounds of battle a few corridors away, coming closer. Another sip, as he heard a distant scream, and then laughed when he hiccuped. On the other side of the room, Hamil managed to shut off the distant sounds by staring at his art collection of paintings and sculptures from all over Salarria, old and new. 
The painting that soothed him the most was from Mirandor and showed a lovely garden, surrounded by old stone walls. A pavilion in the center of the garden, flocked by marble statues, showcased the classical forms of perfect soldiers, women, and kings. Hamil sighed softly, wishing that the painting could come to life and he could enter this serene place, far from the battle outside and his own dark thoughts. 
Yet Hamil frowned for a moment as he stared at the painting, noting for the first time that, though the painter had created a perfect garden, he had still painted shadows in certain areas of this canvas. Hamil saw part of the irony in a way, that perhaps this painting could represent both sides of a human, a perfect garden that still held many shadows to mar this wonderful place. 
Hamil stared at the shadows of the painting in silence, smiling for he also thought that though the shadows were dark and mysterious, they could hold much reward if you succumbed to them. But then that was his own personal opinion. Cica continued to sip his wine and Hamil continued to stare at his paintings, in the same room yet in different worlds then. 
Yet while the lords waited and did nothing to fight against the forces entering the palace, Kotak and his greatest allies knew that their final siege was coming. For at that time, beyond the sight of the lords, the men gathered around in Kotaks private study finally heard the sounds of battle upon them. Kotak snarled in anger as his grip tightened on the Yellow Sword. 
Kotak turned to Yaggee. Yaggee, you were wrong! You said they couldnt come in and now we hear them in the halls nearby! You should consider yourself foolish for trying to dissuade me from being so wary! 
Yaggee shrugged. Well, I do admit I was wrong for now we know that they were strong enough to find a way in. Shama, how do you think they managed to invade the palace, any guesses at all? 
Yaggee smirked at the thief and Shama groaned, fearful that Yaggee somehow knew that Shama kept silent about the old tunnel. Even though it was damaged years ago, Shama should have realized that it was a possible weakness and Kotak might yet blame him, the cowardly bandit, for not revealing its existence. However, Kotak, distracted by his anger at the enemy and not at his allies, was not aware of any dissemblance amongst them. He was still trying to come up with a plan for their survival.
He nodded and roared, Right, men, we better find a place to hole up in this siege! The dungeons should be good as the last place to hold our battlegrounds, when it is so narrow. But we might not get out of there. The others grimaced as Kotak turned to his teacher and thought of all Yaggee had done for him, and what he might yet do if given a chance. 
Yaggee, however, you're too old to be useful in this battle ahead. Kotak declared, shocking the others. Even with all of your power, you dont have any agility left in your old bones to dodge arrows and swords. Besides, when youve leaving the palace, Basha and the others might not notice you, as you will just be considered some innocent old servant. However, do remove my crest from your shirt. Some people wouldnt let you go if you were wearing that, even if you did look harmless. Kotak smiled. Good luck.
Yaggee laughed and nodded. He did not need to be told twice as he ripped Kotaks crest off of his shirt and raced out of the room. He disappeared down the twisting corridors and as if by instinct, managed to avoid all of the fights. Shama, Om, and Hava moaned at the injustice of it all, that the most powerful man amongst Kotaks allies would be allowed to get away while they would likely be punished alongside Kotak if Basha and the others made it through. 
However, the three couldnt voice their opinions about being let go to Kotak, who soon led them away, toward the dungeons as their final stand against the forces of Womba and the Knights of Arria. Kotak and the trio, despite all odds, managed to travel through the corridors to the dungeons, gathering a loose herd of guards to protect them. Kotak clutched the Yellow Sword in one hand and Taus Cup in the other hand, ready to use them as weapons of power. 
A while later in the dungeons, the prisoners started screaming with the sound of thundering footsteps. Ama looked up from where she hid in the shadows of her cell with Eldo still lying unconscious in her lap, as he had not revived since being returned here. She hoped for a moment that their friends were coming to rescue them. 
Yet she pulled Eldo closer to her, fearful that some horrible punishment might await them, maybe the torture promised to her, as Kotak and his men raced by. But the enemy took no notice of her and Eldo in the cell. Ama was shaken by the sight, terrified as she started to doubt that rescue would come even though she could clearly hear the sounds of battle, swords clashing, screams, and loud thuds, high above her. 
Suddenly, Eldo groaned and Ama gasped, wondering if he was starting to awake. She tried shaking him again, but Eldo was still as motionless as before, despite his groan. She moaned softly, thinking that he looked so weak, just lying there without any life, and she was helpless to do anything. Yet Ama could not see what was racing through Eldos mind in his fevered dreams. At that moment, one such dream haunted him, a dream where he still had to find his part to play in the events all around them that he could not guess at.
Voices called out from darkness, from his mother, from Basha, and from dozens of others he could not name as he raced along a path. Qik, his grandfather, stod beside his path and urged him on now, yet Qik soon faded into a shadow, a memory, leaving him alone. Eldo still did not know what was making him move faster, if something pursued him or if he was pursing something, but urgency seemed to be the cause of his panic. 
Time was passing him by, he felt that all sorts of events were happening and going by without him and he was missing everything. Thus his feet were moving and he was breathing heavily, but still there was no exhaustion or sweat, because he was making no progress and going nowhere as the world continued on. Then Eldo felt the path turning around a corner of darkness, the easiest way to explain it as the path looked as if it was heading into darkness without any sight of the end. The darkness was just a wall. 
There was no fear as he continued to follow the path, although it seemed to be taking such a long time. When he turned the corner, he halted in his steps as the path was branching, twisting, up hills and down hills with no straight path to follow! Eldo tried to count all of the branching paths, but he lost count after a few dozen.
Confused about what to do, he cried, Which way? I have to get out of here!
A voice declared, All paths will get you out of here, eventually, but there is more to that. No end is in sight for you here, the future is yours to choose. Part of it is out of your hands, but many paths mean many decisions for you still.
How can I decide? He asked.
Eldo, despair not. Keep a steady path for what you want and it will be yours, but do not get confused. A path that looks good can turn out terrible. That is the way of your future, of all futures in truth. The way is up to you and you alone, with no help nowno help now. Eldo softly moaned, staring at all of the paths, a maze without end. He wanted to learn more, but he knew that this voice would not answer him now. He had to find the best path all by himself.

Meanwhile, Kotak, his allies, and the herd of guards went into the torture chamber. When all were gathered inside, two men pushed against each of the two huge wooden doors and barred them, the only solid defenses left to them in this final fortress. Kotak, Shama, Om and Hava huddled close together at the back of the torture chamber with three score of guards between them and the door as their last line of defense. 
So far inside the palace, their forces outnumbered Basha and his allies, as so few of them had penetrated the palace doors. The majority of Kotaks forces were still on the offensive, but who knew how long that would last if more people broke through the palace doors? In the torture chamber itself, weapons were passed around, with many more hanging up on the walls around them, enough to satisfy the guards staying down there that this wouldnt be a deathtrap. They could survive and fight. 
Kotak once glanced at the hatch in the corner, and he could distinctly hear the sound of rushing water coming from there, resonating louder with him than the noise of battle beyond them. Yet he just shrugged as he assumed that the water was soothing enough to make him fall asleep. He placed the Cup on a wooden table where he could see it and clutched the Yellow Sword in the back of the torture chamber.
Up above, Basha rushed about like a whirlwind, whipping down men in all directions with the Black Sword as a fury gripped him, trying to save his friends and protect his next. Monika was cautious to preserve her energy as she defended herself and her unborn child, never attacking yet managing to make her way forward through the throng beside Basha. 
Meanwhile, separated from the couple, Fobata managed to defend himself as a small knot of enemy guards armed to the teeth came closer. Fobata had only a small sword with him and even then, he wasnt the best swordsman. Marlo only had daggers with him and was wary of the enemy soldiers coming closer. 
Suddenly, Fobata was wounded from a sword cut and Marlo barely managed to distract the enemy soldiers as he pushed himself and Fobata into a room, barring the door with a couch. He made Fobata comfortable on a lounge chair and grabbed Fobatas sword, waiting for the door to break open. They were pressed against the door, pushing the couch inch by inch, as Marlo tried to figure out how many men were out there, five, ten, fifteen?
Fobata muttered, Marlo, what is going on? What are you doing over there? Is the door rattling a little because of the wind?
Marlo shook his head and replied, Dont think about it, and please dont ask me. Just go to sleep, youre hurt. 
Lord Fobata groaned as he felt pain on his right side, wondering for a moment how he had received it, but he slowly nodded and accepted it. Fobata closed his eyes, not caring to think now about what was going on, while Marlo held steady by the door as the couch continued to move. 
As the battle raged on, Fato and Frigo were racing through the air above the palace, delivering several messages, yet still watching the battle in search of their friends. Fato spotted Aman and Gnat making their way through the castles courtyards towards the main doors, trying to make another run to get all the way inside, before the falcons circled about. 
They occasionally had to avoid Witta the griffin, also observing the battle and occasionally attacking King Wombas allies. Fato and Frigo screeched out a warning whenever they could so that Wittas targets wouldnt be caught off-guard. 
But personally they could do very little to fight against Witta themselves, especially when Fato wanted to protect his son from harm. Frigo was annoyed at times that he was such a small bird when he wanted to bite and slash at Witta himself. Fato privately felt the same way.
Meanwhile, Sir Pacaben was keeping good on his promise to protect Jobe. The bard felt sick as soldiers fell around him, while Pacaben remained grim in the face of his least favorite part of battle, yet he did his duty faithfully. That was his way, now, to serve King Womba and his friends. The knight sighed and wished for a moment that he could see his family again, but he had more important work to do right now. 
The falcons circled round again and tried to find a way for them inside the castle at ground level, where they had seen Basha enter not too long ago. Yet close to the ground, they were threatened by arrows and other weapons, so they were forced to climb back up again towards the spires and battlements, keeping out of reach wherever Witta was. There were hardly any windows up here and if there were, they were just thin enough to allow arrows to go through, but not Fato and Frigo.
Frigo spotted an open window just large enough for them to go through in one of the highest towers, when suddenly, Witta launched himself at them. Fato screeched and pushed his son aside, rolling Frigo through the air.
Fato whipped about to avoid getting his wing shredded by Wittas beak. Fato launched himself at Wittas head, digging his talons in deeply. Witta shrieked and thrashed about, losing concentration on flying as he crashed hard against a spire, piercing and killing himself. 
Fato had managed to hold on with Wittas fall, though the impact of Wittas crash shook him off and sent him sprawling against a sloppiong roof slate. Luckily there was a ledge beneath Fato, or he might have slipped off of the roof. Frigo had recovered from his fathers shove and regained the ability to fly, heading straight for his fathers side to see if he was all right. 
Fato groaned as he regained consciousness and reassured his son that he was fine before he tested it out for himself. Once he was sure that he didnt have a concussion and could fly again, he and Frigo headed for that open window.
Frigo marveled over how brave his father had been. Fato couldnt help smiling about his sons admiration, though he still worried what might have happened to him and Frigo if Witta had caught them. 
Still, once inside the castle, Fato knew that they would have a long flight back down flights of stairs and many corridors before they reached the dungeon level where Ama and Eldo were probably being kept. And there would probably be humans fighting along the way that he and his son would have to swerve to avoid being casualties. 
But he didnt mind that so much as long as he could protect himself and his son and help their friends. After all, he had a reputation as a noble falcon to hold up to. Frigo smiled and followed his father as they soared in through the open window, now in the palace as they started to twist and turn through the halls in search of the group and any stairs leading down. 
Inside the depths of the castle, Basha and Monika, alongside their slightly smaller force, made it to a hallway, panting heavily as they paused to take a breath since no guards were in sight now. A private moved up the hallway to scout ahead. Several servants ran by, but they ignored them, not knowing that one of them was Yaggee, one of Kotaks most important allies. 
This force had pretty much been running about the palace, fighting any guards and searching for Kotak or his prisoners. One kindly servant told them, as he was escaping, the location of Kotaks private apartment and study, but Kotak had not been there. After that, they pretty much gave up on finding Kotak or any of his allies and set off for the dungeons, the private leading them now as he remembered where it was located. He was scouting ahead, searching for the dungeons steps. 
Monika looked around during this interlude. Basha, have you seen Fobata anywhere since we came in that first hallway? 
Basha shrugged. Hes probably here somewhere. 
Monika nodded and the private returned, crying, I found it, at last! Im glad they made me do guard duty with the prisoners now. But be careful down there! Dont get too close to the bars. Some of these prisoners are murderers and they might choke you if given a chance. 
Monika shuddered as she tried not to imagine the horrors that Eldo and Ama might have witnessed down in the darkness. The troop moved along the hallway, now wary of guards as they approached the dungeon steps and heard muffled shouts below. The soldiers lit torches and headed downstairs, the noise growing louder with their approach. The dungeon guards met them at the last step, four men for all of these prisoners. 
But Basha and Monika knocked them unconscious, not caring for any more bloodshed if these men were innocent. Basha quickly found the keys on the wall and the prisoners reached out towards him now, crying, pleading, and praising him as they saw freedom within his hands. Yet Basha ignored them for now as he went cell to cell, searching for his friends, squinting in the darkness of the cells beyond his torchlight, or peering through crowds of prisoners in their cells. Except for the most crowded, packed cells, most of the cells appeared to be empty without a closer look. 
Ama heard numerous footsteps approaching and dragged herself and Eldo into the corner to hide, afraid and thinking then that none of their friends would come to save them. Amas heart pounded, with fear and adrenaline seeming to be the only things keeping her heart beating now. She was concerned for what might happen to Eldo if he didnt wake, if she couldnt protect him because she was taken. 
Someone was looking into the cells, she could tell, and so she covered her and Eldos faces so that any light wouldnt reflect on them. She wanted to make sure that whoever was out there couldnt see her and now wished that her heart didnt beat so loudly or that Eldo wouldnt wake up at this moment. But she realized that these thoughts were fueled by fear. She didnt really want such things to happen.
Basha paused at one cell as he thought he saw some movement and called out, Hello, is anyone in there? 
Ama gasped, recognizing his voice when she couldnt see him clearly, and waved her hand when she was still so terrified that she couldnt speak. Basha quickly got out the keys and unlocked the door. The prisoners reversed their praise and cries to jeers when someone else was freed, but everyone outside of the cells ignored them. 
Ama dragged the motionless Eldo from the corner into dim torchlight as Basha and Monika opened the door. They examined Eldo with the torches, Basha wincing at the familiar sight of the red welts from the whip on his back, just like the old scars on Bashas back. But they couldnt tell how else Eldo had been injured with dislocated, sprained, and even broken bones. Ama sighed when they asked her how he had received them. 
Ama told them, I dont know, but Shama mentioned torture devices when he took away Eldo last night, to that chamber on the right. Oh! Kotak, Shama, and a few others, theyre in there! Yes, I bet they thought nobody would come down here or maybe they wanted to make this their last defensive position! 
The soldiers turned about to try knocking down the doors between them and the enemy, and even half considered burning down the doors, although there was a chance that they could burn themselves as well. Monika gently used the Blue Sword on Eldo to heal his wounds and broken limbs. Eldo gasped as he woke up and Ama fussed over him while Monika and Basha headed off to help out with the door. Basha took out the Black Sword and Monika the Blue Sword as they started to use the ever-sharp blades as axes to chop it down.
Behind them, Eldos mind sluggishly churned as he looked around, yells echoing about the corridor, while he tried to figure out what was going on. Then he recalled the dream of many paths and what he had read in The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer and gasped in horror. Eldo glanced towards Basha and Monika, trying to cut at the door while the rest of the soldiers stood to the side and realized that time was running out, that the turning point of the future would be upon them.
Can I borrow a sword? Eldo called out to one of the soldiers as he tried to get up. Can someone lend me a dagger or--
Ama pushed him down and cried, Are you crazy? You were unconscious for hours. You cant just get up and fight! I dont know what youve been reading in Winthas book, or what youve been going through while you were sleeping, but this is not the time for you to fight! 
Eldo pushed her away. Youre wrong, this is the time for me to fight! Ive got to help Basha! If you love me, youll let me help him!  
Ama growled. Fine, you can go and ruin yourself, but its so unfair that you can just say that to me so easily! If you loved me, you wouldnt leave. 
Eldo grimaced, wishing that he didnt have to do this, but he ignored her and got up, shocking her just as Basha and the others finished with the door. Suddenly, Kotaks forces rushed out of the torture chamber, swords waving as all of the noise and activity outside had alerted them to the presence of their enemies. Still, despite this unexpected onrush of soldiers, Basha managed to pass them all and entered the torture chamber alone while Ama, Eldo, and Monika were separated from him as they fought the enemy soldiers.
 
Chapter 17: Battles End and the Kirnas Gift
At last, Basha stepped into the torture chamber and shivered as he saw the devices, wondering how Eldo could have survived all of that. Yet he forgot about it as soon as he saw the old man, halfway across the room, none other than Kotak. Basha smiled at the sight of Taus Cup on a table nearby, but now was not the time. Basha glanced around the room, realizing that it was almost empty except for himself, Kotak, and what appeared to be a scribe scribbling away in the corner on a piece of paper. Kotak held the Yellow Sword as Basha held the Black.
Kotak eyed Basha. So you must be the lion of light. I assume you freed your friends? No matter, Basha, I will still get what I want. Even if I lose a throne, I will gain Taus Cup and Doombas palace. He raised his Sword.
Basha raised his hand. Lord Kotak, I must ask you to surrender and then I might forgive you for what you have done.
Kotak laughed and cautiously lowered the Yellow Sword as he queried, Surrender? Why would you think I would ever surrender to you or ask for your forgiveness? 
Basha sighed and slowly pulled out his mothers locket, which he lightly tossed at Kotak. The man caught it and eyed it with contempt at first, not wanting to be distracted from this fight, until he saw the name engraved on the locket, which filled him with horror and disgust. 
Kotak growled, holding out the locket. Where did you get this? How dare you do this to me, no matter what I have done to you or your friends! 
Basha sighed. It was given to me by my foster parents. They told me it was from my mother, who died giving birth to me. 
Kotak slowly eyed Basha and the locket, calculating for a moment Bashas explanation. Kotak thought that the boy didnt look like Kala, but then again, he had seen her husband Sir Minnow once and the boy did look like the knight, as far as he remembered. Still, that wasnt much of a comforting thought to Kotak, as he recalled what he had done to his daughter and her husband by calling upon Jarbarr to fight the duel. Anyway, Basha had her locket close to his chest, and it must mean something to him to keep it there. Perhaps thats why Kala had looked so sad in the dream--wait a minute, perhaps that dream meant nothing. Kala surely knew nothing about his betrayal of her.
Kotak, what are you thinking of? Will you answer me now? Basha asked.
Kotak muttered, Not yet, I just have to think. Do you know everything?
Basha slowly nodded. Pretty much. I know about uncle Peri and that you were angry at my mother Kala, perhaps because she discovered you were a Follower of Doomba. You sent her to Coe Wan where she met Sir Minnow and my father died fighting Jarbarr. Why do you ask? 
Kotak hissed, Are you so certain you want to forgive me? You hardly know everything. You know of Sir Jarbarr, all those years ago, but I actually met him before his duel with Minnow. It was after my last meeting with Kala, here in Kiki. We had been so angry, yelling and arguing with each other about Doomba, and at that meeting, we revealed what we both learned from the Oracle of the Tau River, that any child born of my daughters would destroy me. Kala told me then, with a smile--no, a sneer, that she was pregnant! I was so enraged that I went to the stables, where Jarbarr had been sent as punishment for his violence, and I told him that Sir Minnow had insulted him. Jarbarr had been terribly angry and I set him loose to kill Sir Minnow. I secretly made him a baron later on to keep him quiet.
Basha blinked and stared at Kotak, horrified that Kotak had gone so far to ruin the chances of his parents Kala and Minnow. Yet Basha knew that such a betrayal might have troubled Kotak, for him to reveal such a secret so long after the events had occurred without any trace that Kotak had ever been involved. 
Basha murmured, It was a mistake born of rage. You never truly thought that Sir Jarbarr would have killed Sir Minnow then, right? I could forgive you still, perhaps, if you want to surrender here and now.
Kotak slowly nodded, yet he wasnt truly considering surrender. This young man was a threat to any hope he ever had of taking the throne, this young man that destroyed Doomba! Plus, Basha was still an heir to the throne and Kotak didnt want to risk having him around, in case he might usurp Kotaks throne in turn. Still, Kotak couldnt help thinking that Peri was weak, but Basha was in his prime. In a way, it was a shame Kotak had never met the man when he was young and couldve influenced him to join Doomba. 
Basha shivered slightly at his grandfather, how they were so different with opposite beliefs of right and wrong, yet something about both of them seemed so much alike. Who knows what would have happened if his mother had stayed with his grandfather, instead of heading north to Baba? Kala might have disagreed with her father being a Follower of Doomba, but she still could have become desperate enough to go back to him. Perhaps she would have survived and Kotak could have seduced Basha into serving Doomba. His mother might have stopped it, but who knows? 
Kala certainly loathed her father after she had learned that he was a Follower of Doomba, if Kotak had told the truth about how Kala was so pleased that her pregnancy would anger and threaten her father. It still unnerved Basha, thinking of the past in such a way. Most people he knew of never even thought about what their parents had been like, so long ago. Yet here he could still see how the past was connected to his present and soon to his future. 
On the other side, Kotak looked at Basha and decided that though they were related, it was already too late to forgive each other after all that had happened between them. He had caused too much pain for his children, Basha, and other innocent people. No matter what Basha said, it seemed impossible that his grandson would ever forgive him. After all, Kotak could not see how he could personally forgive Basha after this, if Basha would now truly destroy all chances he had for the throne, Doombas legacy, and Taus Cup by his surrender. 
Come on, Kotak, Basha said. Only you can make me destroy you after what I have learned and only you can ask for my forgiveness.
Kotak growled and hurled the locket onto the floor as he told Basha, Whoever you are to me or whoever I am to you, this changes nothing! Its too late to change our ways. I want to test out the Oracles prophecy to see if you can truly destroy me. He raised the Yellow Sword, prepared to fight.
Basha gazed at Kotak and his mothers locket, knowing from experience that all prophecies turned out to be true, even if you were bold enough to test them. Yet Basha still nodded, angry at Kotak, and glanced at the corner where the scribe, Hava, was scribbling away as fast as possible, probably having recorded the whole conversation. 
For a moment, Basha wished that this conversation could have been more private, that nobody would ever read this scribes account years from now, thinking of Kotak as nothing more than a villain. Standing here, facing Kotak as he breathed and shifted about, it was almost difficult to realize all of the horrible things he had done, that he was barely human in some ways. 
Basha tightened his grip on the Black Sword and sighed as he raised it up. I still wish things could be different, but I suppose this is the only way. Youre too dangerous to live, even if you are my grandfather. I will give you a fair fight. 
Kotak sneered and laughed, thinking it quite a joke when he knew that he wouldnt give Basha a fair fight without tricking him. But he just shook his head and charged at Basha, lashing out at him. Basha countered that and they circled round, trying to find a weakness. In the distance, despite their long conversation and secret thoughts, the fight had continued on the threshold of the torture chamber without anyone able to come in to interrupt the duel. 
Shama, Om, and the other guards had fought to keep Bashas allies at bay, yet Monika and the others had advanced a few steps during the fight. No one besides Hava had heard of everything spoken between grandfather and grandson, yet others could now glimpse the duel starting between them. Eldo gasped as he saw Kotak and Basha fighting, then he tried to push through the men ahead of him to reach them, yet the other soldiers didnt move as they kept on fighting their opponents without noticing him. 
Suddenly, behind him, a cheer went up and Eldo realized that Gnat and Amans men must have finally made it into the castle and were now heading down into the dungeon to fight. Word must have spread throughout the palace by now of Kotaks hiding place. Eldo even thought he could hear familiar voices and falcons screeching behind him. The prisoners in their cells didnt scream anymore, probably distracted by all of the bloodshed and fighting in front of them, perhaps the only entertainment they would receive for the rest of their lives down here. 
Eldo used such a distraction to advance through the mob, now fully armed with a sword he had taken from a dead soldier, and prepared to aid Basha. Suddenly, Shama stepped in front of Eldo and blocked his way, one of the last men standing between him and Basha! 
Eldo growled and attacked him hard and fierce, while Shama fought back just as hard, sword clashing on sword. Soon, Eldos impatience and worry erupted into a fury and he cut upward to pierce Shama. Shama screamed as he dropped his sword and his hands flew up to cover his bloody left eye, which would never be the same again. 
Fato and Frigo gaped at the sight. Wow, that is awesome! Frigo cried.
Remind me never to cross Eldo again. Fato shivered.
But Eldo ignored them and went onward without a glance back. He forgot about Shama then, but Shama would remember it for the rest of his life. Still, that is neither here or there now, as Eldo moved on to fight the remaining guards between him and the duel. The falcons reported back to Pacaben, Jobe, and the others about what was happening.
Meanwhile, the duel seemed like it would never end to Basha and Kotak. The two men were equal in skill, their talents having been passed through generations from the old Knights of Arria to the kings of Arria to Kotak and then his grandson Basha. They slashed and parried blow after blow, with the Black and Yellow Swords often locked together. They sliced and wounded each other as sweat poured down their cheeks, yet none showed weakness or faltered as combat continued. The Yellow and the Black Sword clashed again and again, sparking and blazing with an inner fire as they fought against each other in an unnatural manner when once they had been wielded together by allies.
Kotak swung the Yellow Sword, causing the Black Sword to fly from Bashas hand. Basha quickly ducked and crawled for it, as Kotaks Sword rose to deliver a fatal blow to his grandson. Havas pen halted, the scribe in awe of what he was witnessing, especially as Eldo screamed and ran forward to raise his sword and block Kotaks blow. 
Time slowed down, seconds turned into hours as a minute felt like eternity. Out in the hallway, men fought and died, Monika and Ama tried to reach their lovers, Kotak reveled in his glory, Basha trembled and Eldo was frantically glorious. Hava did not know that this young man Eldo had changed into the Kirna the moment he finally took control of the situation to try and change fate. 
Kotak roared as Eldo slashed him and the Yellow Sword fell from Kotaks hand. Eldo raised his sword, about to finish Kotak once and for all, when Basha leapt at Kotak and the two of them fell to the ground, brawling, beating, kicking, and rolling against each other. Eldo couldnt see where one man began and another ended, so he stood there with his sword bared for fear that he would accidentally stab Basha. 
Eldo wondered if Basha had deliberately done this to stop Eldo from killing Kotak, if Basha still thought that there was a chance to change fate as well for his grandfather. Suddenly, they rolled over towards the table and knocked hard against it, causing the Cup to totter and fall onto the floor. It started to roll towards the open hatch. 
Basha and Kotak screamed as they both realized they were about to lose Taus Cup, the glory and the great prize they had both long searched and fought for. They jumped up, kicking and biting each as they hurled themselves at the Cup, their savage natures revealed as they played a tug of war with the Cup at the edge of the hatch. Eldo gasped and rushed forward to help Basha, knowing what was down there and what would happen if Basha fell. 
Suddenly, Kotak lost his balance, but he didnt let go of the Cup and neither did Basha. They fell into the hatch, plunging into the rushing water, which swept them along the course of the underground stream. Eldo was already taking off his shoes when Monika and Ama reached him and stared down into the hatch as they realized what had happened. 
Before Ama could say anything, Eldo yelled, Ama, dont go in after me! If you love me, take the Swords of Arria, find yourself and the others a horse, find the nearest creek or river, and look for us! Please! 
Ama screamed in frustration, yet after grabbing the Black and Yellow Swords, yanking the Blue Sword out of Monikas grip, and wincing all the while when it hurt for her to touch them, she headed back down the passageway. Monika took off her shoes and tossed them aside. Eldo hesitated, wanting to send Monika away, but he knew he couldnt when Ama might love him enough to follow his wishes, but Monika was bound to Basha and he knew that she would try to keep that bond now.
Did you really think that would work again? Monika asked.
Eldo sighed and responded, I wasnt sure, but she is wonderful, even though she is a little stubborn, just like me. She may have a temper about every single thing I do, just because its dangerous and she is probably right. But I still think she is wonderful. Perhaps we will marry each other when we get out of this, but I dont know what her father would say when he wanted her to marry that horrible Baron Jarbarr. Do you think youll be fine, swimming like this? I dont expect you get much practice swimming up in the desert and you are pregnant.
Monika arched her eyebrows, but she just informed him, I admit that I dont get the chance to practice swimming much, but I do know how. Besides, you should not have to worry about the baby. Its not like it is really going to be the one underwater here. 
Eldo chuckled a little as Monika approached the hatch to lower herself into the water, and inhaled before she submerged. Eldo sighed and followed suit, still uncertain about the outcome. 

Water covered him and Basha couldnt breathe. In one hand, he held the Cup and in the other he somehow had managed to grab onto a motionless Kotak. Bashas brain sluggishly moved, telling him to hold on to both of them. Suddenly, there was light ahead, above his head, and Basha tried to swim up towards it, yet the weight of both Kotak and the Cup kept him down. He hit a couple of rocks and his blood flowed into the river as his brain slowly deadened. 
Frightened, Basha released Taus Cup, yet held onto Kotak. His grandfather might yet survive if he could only surface soon. His heart cried out as he watched the Cup float away, yet at least he knew that no one would ever die for that thing again. It would be lost in the Tau River forever. 
The current picked up speed as he tried to surface again and he was pummeled against more rocks, not even getting the chance to breathe. Suddenly, Basha realized that Kotak had been gone for a long time. He was holding onto a dead, empty body without any purpose left. 
Basha groaned and let go of Kotak, whose lifeless body sank down to the bottom. Basha realized that he should have let go of these things a long time ago. Fish of all sizes, colors, and stripes floated and swam by as he wondered if these were his companions for all eternity now. Basha even suspected that a few were consuming the blood flowing out of him when he was not even dead yet, but he did not really care to find out. 
He wondered about all of the mistakes he had made, but now it was too late, for darkness was coming. Basha wished that he could have done something more, that Monika wouldnt have to be a widow before their baby was born, that he could have somehow saved Kotak, that Juna hadntsuddenly, his thoughts slipped away and all was lost.
Colors swirled and mixed, never ending or ceasing, until they all suddenly disappeared into the light. It covered everything, it was everything, and it blinded yet thrilled him. Basha took several steps toward the light and then several shadows multiplied into millions of shadows walking by, stretching back through the ages. One shadow stepped forward from the darkness and Basha stared in horror at the tall, ghastly, cold man that stared at him with chilling eyes. His dreams came unbidden to his mind, especially one that seemed to be a meeting of the gods, yet he had forgotten about all of that. 
Basha nervously inquired, Are you Loqwa, god of death? 
The tall man, or god, or whatever he was, frowned down at Basha. Loqwa, what a strange name to call me. Perhaps that is one of my names, although I dont know. I have thousands of names throughout hundreds of worlds. You seem familiar. Perhaps I have spoken to you before, in another time or in another place. Many such souls make me wonder about such things. Anyway, I believe this is the path you must take now, whoever you are. Keep going towards the light and farewell for now. 
With that said, the god known as Loqwa to Basha walked off and disappeared into the shadows. Basha frowned, wondering what Loqwa meant, but he shrugged and went on towards the light. If he truly had been a god or something like that, Basha thought that it would be too much for a mortal like him to understand. 
Suddenly, Basha realized that all around him the shadows gathered, having come from the light or heading towards it, they stopped and idly stood about, conversing and laughing with each other in various languages, many of which he could not recognize. Could it be possible that there were other worlds, all connected only here in death? The unknown darkness made him question everything he knew and made it difficult for him to set any sort of beliefs upon.
He barely noticed that he was being followed by several spirits drifting away from their groups as he pondered his beliefs until an ordinary-looking fellow came up to him. The fellow said, Good day, you must be Basha. Mino sesha oral, am I right? I am Corr, I wish you luck. Basha gaped as the man walked by him, and wondered if he had just met the first king of Arria, one of the original Knights of Arria and the first wielder of the Black Sword.
Then Basha turned around and found himself looking at a young couple, yet he knew who they were, even though he had never met them before. Basha whispered, Mother, father, its me, Basha. Im sorry if I wasnt-- 
Kala shook her head and hugged him as she murmured, Oh, dont worry, Basha, its just so good to see you, even if it is like this. Im sorry for what happened to you, but I know you did well. Perhaps I should speak to my father soon. It has been awhile and I do not think such feuds should last for all of eternity. 
Basha slowly nodded, his mind full of questions when he wanted to ask her about the past, but then his father stepped forward. Basha nervously turned to him, for even though Basha knew quite a bit about his mother Kala, he knew next to nothing about his father. The man seemed to be imposing, though he was as old as or perhaps younger than Basha was now when he died, but Sir Minnow was still Bashas father, no matter what age he was.
Minnow patted Basha and smiled as he remarked, Well, my boys a real fighter, isnt he? Well see you soon. 
They walked by and Basha went on walking, wanting to talk more with his parents, yet he felt that now wasnt the time. Perhaps whenever he got back from wherever he was going, on the other side of the light. As Basha went on, he saw many people and animals as well, including Lagotaq, Sonnagh, Goga and Jumha pass him by. He waved to them and they nodded or paused to talk to him for a moment before they continued on. He halted at the sight of Juna and saluted him.
Juna laughed. At ease, soldier. I wish it could have turned out better for you, but oh well. Its a nice place, youll like it. 
Basha nodded as Juna passed him by before he stared at an old man he vaguely recognized and waved at him, despite the fact that Basha didnt know his name. Marlo, Fobatas loyal steward, waved back at him, but then Basha was distracted as he spotted Kotak. He slowly approached, not sure what to expect from his grandfather, who had died fighting him. Kotak looked up at Basha for a moment, angry and upset as Basha felt like apologizing, but then Kotak looked down and regretfully sighed.
Whats done is done, Kotak said, I couldnt change what happened when it was meant to be and you were only doing what you felt was right, I suppose. Maybe we both could have done things differently, but we will never know.
You could have changed. Basha whispered, gazing up at Kotak. Years ago, you could have prevented any of this from happening. I wish--
Dont regret what you did or I did, because I spent most of my life regretting the things Ive done and its a poor way to live, take it from me. Kotak told Basha. You regret it, yet you still do it. Well, I have to go. 
Kotak got up to disappear into the shadows and Basha continued to move towards the light, miserable about the way his grandfather had lived, when suddenly, he felt a pull back, away from the light. Basha turned and tried to ignore it, striving to go forward, yet it was calling him back. What was happening? 
The shadows gathered about suddenly cried out in surprise, before they quietly murmured, occasionally glancing towards Basha. Suddenly he realized that an important, simple, yet complex decision was being made, should he stay or should he go? Basha glanced towards the light, shimmering brighter than anything that lived, yet he was being called and pulled back in the opposite direction.

Ama carefully ran down the corridor as she lugged several unsheathed Swords of Arria, which stung and blistered her when she wasnt one of their wielders. Even finding a few empty scabbards to sheathe them in didnt help. She met up with Pacaben, Jobe, Fato, Frigo, Aman and Gnat and told them all about what had happened before they raced off to fetch some horses and head outside of the city to find a river or creek where Basha and the others might emerge. 
However, Ama asked them to stop by the manor to fetch Bashas pack, which they did with Gnat running in, grabbing the pack, and bringing it out to Ama before they continued on. Ama first put the Blue, Black, and Yellow inside the pack, relieved to let them go. She then took out The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer, flipping through it in search for The orals Curse to finally learn what Eldo had kept from her. She quickly scanned it and suddenly gasped as she read the last passages:
Thus comes the battle of the glory,
between the oral and the Servant Lord of his blood.
During the fight, all control is lost,
As they both take the plunge.

The river will take the life,
Unless the Kirna gives one in return.
Heed the warning and the tale,
This is the price and sadness of the orals curse.
Ama snapped the book close and cried, Weve got to hurry, as fast as possible! They quickened as much as they could, but it wasnt enough for Ama as she feared what they would find. 

Eldo gasped as his head managed to break the surface and he inhaled before swimming on, dodging rocks, often at the mercy of the water as he searched for Basha and Monika, who had also vanished. He went on for several miles like this, surfacing whenever he needed to and crying out while occasionally submerging as deep as he could to see if he could spy anyone or anything below. 
Eventually, he realized that he was getting weary, a bad thing in the water, and so he struck out for shore. The underground stream had taken him out of the city and into the plains, all the way into the Tau River, he realized. 
Finally, he made it to shore and crawled out through the shallows and onto the riverbank, lying down for a moment in exhaustion. He looked up at the sun, not knowing much about how long he had been in the river, how long the battle had taken, or even when he had awakened. Still, he was a pretty good judge of time, and he could tell that it was just past midday. It almost seemed abnormal that so much could happen before noon. 
Anyway, Eldo managed to get up after a moments rest and started walking slowly down the riverbank, eying the water as he searched for any signs of his friends, who still had to be ahead of him. Finally, he started moving faster and then jogging as he regained his strength, hoping that he would find them in time. But when he turned a bend and spotted them together, he stopped at the sight of a drenched Monika crying over a motionless Basha lying in the sand, deathly pale and swollen with numerous cuts and wounds.
Eldo stumbled forward, slightly stunned as he headed towards them and fell down upon his knees beside Monika. His breath heaved and gulped, after the jog and his own horror and sorrow, choked up as he stared down at Bashas pale, scratched face, surreal yet real at the same time. Was he already dead?
Monika looked up, teary eyes streaming down to join the riverwater on her face. I found him, floating. I tried to shake him, to wake him, but he wont move. The water wont come out of him and there was so much blood. Oh, I cant do anything! And my baby, what will become of the child without a father? 
Eldo leaned forward to check on him, hardly any pulse with a heartbeat so faint that it seemed likely to die out soon, yet maybe there was still a chance. Eldo nodded and took a deep breath before he placed his hands on Bashas chest and pushed his power down as hard as he could, more than he had ever given before. Monika reached forward in an attempt to help Eldo heal Basha, maybe by giving him some more magic, yet she wasnt sure what would happen, so she helplessly waited. 
Eldo grunted as his energy started to give way, yet he had to keep pushing power down into Basha, everything he had left, just a little bit more, there would be life, Basha would live! Suddenly, Bashas leg jerked, his eyes twitched, and then he coughed up water and inhaled, breathing steadily again as he slept. And Eldo collapsed, gasping for breath as he convulsed and his eyes rolled back, dying. Monika gasped and tried to tend to Eldo, as in the distance, she heard horses hooves fast approaching.
Monika looked up as Ama, Pacaben, Jobe, Aman and Gnat rode up to them, the falcons flying overhead. Ama jumped down from her horse before it even stopped and rushed over with Bashas pack in one hand and the Blue Sword in the other. Monika grabbed the Blue Sword as quickly as she could from Ama, unsheathed it from the purloined scabbard, and used it to heal Eldo, calming his body to a normal resting point, away from the brink of death. 
Monika breathed a little raggedly, exhausted but otherwise fine as she sheathed the Blue Sword and stared at the unconscious men, relieved that she had both her husband and her friend Eldo back. The others slowly approached, stunned by what had happened and not quite certain what was going on, while Ama sank down by Eldo lying on the ground.
Are they okay? Pacaben asked, worried.
I think theyre fine enough now, just unconscious and sleeping for the most part. Monika murmured. They should be fine and wake up soon, I hope.
You foolish man, why did you do such a thing? Ama murmured to Eldo, crying.
Ama, what are you talking about? Monika asked. He saved Basha, yes, but surely he didnt know this would happen to him. Or did he? Now she was suspicious. Did Eldo know--
Yes, he did know, all right? He was reading a prophecy in The Writings of Wintha the Wanderer called The orals Curse and practically everything was in there about this quest weve been on. Ama admitted, looking up at everybody staring at her and Eldo in shock and dismay. He knew a lot, even though he couldnt guess at all of it, and he figured out he had some duty to perform as the Kirna, the guardian. He wouldnt let me read the book and find out what he had to do.
Thats a lot of secrets. Jobe murmured, having some of his own.
So thats what both of you were fighting about back at the stables. Monika said. He had asked me once what kirna meant, on the trail, but I didnt know why he did. Maybe Basha and I should have paid more attention. May I see the book? She asked, and Ama handed Bashas pack over so that she could read it herself, eyebrows rising with some surprise and horror.
I wonder if we can transport them back to the city and Junas manor on our horses. Aman murmured, glancing down at Eldo and Basha.
Maybe, Gnat said, getting down from his horse. Lets try if it wont hurt them. Is that all right with you two, Ama and Monika?
The two women agreed and the other fellows set to work lifting up the unconscious bodies and hoisting them as gently as they could onto the back of Amans and Gnats horses. Monika considered throwing away the book into the river, angry about the knowledge inside of it that she and her husband might have needed to know before so many horrible things happened. She was also upset that Eldo nearly killed himself and might have ruined his chances with Ama, because of his obsession with this prophecy. But then she paused a moment and half considered the possibility that, though such knowledge could be damaging, perhaps it was necessary as well. 
Perhaps Qik or Ringla most likely might have known that she and Basha would extra help on this quest to defeat Kotak and keep themselves safe. Maybe that was why Qik had told Eldo to go with them, and if he hadnt come and read the prophecy, and prepared himself to face the possibility of death to save Basha with Ama helping him out as well, who knows what would have happened? So Monika decided to save the book for now and tucked it inside of Bashas pack, in case they needed it again someday.
 
Chapter 18: Recovery, Farewell, and Birth
Within several hours, King Womba, Queen Mina, and Prince Wonan returned to the palace amidst some small celebration. However, there was still plenty of work to be done to repair and clean the damage to the palace and grounds, to bury the bodies, including that of the giant griffin that had been impaled on top of the tallest tower of the castle, tend to the wounded and deal with the prisoners of war. 
Among the prisoners of war, Hava and Om fumed slightly, yet they were worried about their own futures when the celebration and cleanup would end and their fates would be decided. Om had surrendered during the fighting, yet Havas capture was a slightly stranger story to tell. 
Hava had been sitting in his corner of the torture chamber the whole time, practically unnoticed by the others, writing down every word and action that took place. Yet when Wombas soldiers made it through into the torture chamber and some advanced on Hava, thinking him an easy prisoner to capture now, Hava stood up, calmly and quietly placed all of his papers on the chair, and then pounced on them like a lion! 
He was desperate to escape and had gone a little insane in the moment, thinking that he would be imprisoned once more inside one of those tiny dungeon cells, and he would not allow it to happen. However, despite his ferocious panic, he was not strong or fast enough to get away from all of these armed soldiers who outnumbered him, although it had taken quite a lot of them to capture and subdue this crazed scribe.
Someone found Havas papers a little while later and were flabbergasted, realizing the potential of the story here as it told of Kotaks life, gave a full account of his usurpation of the throne, and contained snippets of dialogue between Kotak, Yaggee, Shama and Om. This truly was the history that Kotak wanted to have written for himself, but unfortunately it did not end the way he wished as it turned into an account of his defeat, which would be preserved by his foes as a cautionary tale not to rebel. And Hava, despite his skill in crafting the important work, was still imprisoned.
Shama, however, had managed to elude the grasp of Wombas forces as he escaped once more down Moloks tunnel, which had been left unguarded by Wombas forces. His pierced eye was covered up by a piece of black cloth tied over it to suppress the blood flow. Molok would later be rewarded a small cash prize for his work and set off for the mountains to dig for diamonds and other rare gems, never to be heard from again in these tales. His tunnel, however, would be destroyed and blocked off by Papia and his fellow diggers so that no one else could ever use it again.
All of the noblemen who had sworn allegiance to Kotak and remained in the palace were to be questioned about their involvement, investigated for any crimes or treason, and then forced to swear a new oath of loyalty to King Womba and his family. Hamil, Cica, Lord Ompa and Lord Bolo were among these noblemen and under heaviest investigation, considering their kinship to Kotak, which Ompa was surprised to learn about. 
But no real evidence was found at that time to convict them and none of the other noblemen were charged with any crime either, allowed to go about their business once everything was cleared up. Hamil and Cica laughed when they learned that Bolo was going to Pinal to pursue a bride, causing the three men to argue and punch each other as Ompa winced slightly with all of the hatred and violence veiled behind their words. 
He shook his head and sighed, feeling lonely once more, despite how friendly these men seemed to him most of the time. After all, Ompa still remembered Papias words to him, that these men couldnt be trusted, and he knew that he wouldnt ever make the mistake of trusting them too much when they could be so mean to each other. 
Nearby, Fobata groaned as they cleaned his wounds and swathed him in bandages, yet he still kept asking for his steward to attend him. None of the doctors allowed him to see them carry away Marlos body, thinking that it would dishearten the lord to see such a loyal servant gone forever. 
Lord Zokla was pardoned from all blame, of course, since he had been a spy and his son Papia was also commended for assisting his father, assisting Molok in digging his tunnel, fighting bravely in battle, and rescuing Lord Fobata, although he had come too late to save the valiant Marlo. King Womba was glad that Papia would someday be one of his lords, thinking that Papia would be one of the most loyal lords any king could have. 
Peri and Plin soon learned that Kotaks manor and estate were left to them, quite a lot for their family to grow on, although Bolo tried to fight them later on for the land. Unsatisfied with his appointment as Duke of Coe Wilama, Bolo insisted that Lord Kotak had made him his heir, but no court would accept this plea when that had occurred during Kotaks reign. 
Late that afternoon, Gnat returned to the palace and saluted the king, telling him what had happened to Basha and Kotak and that Basha and Eldo were currently still asleep at Junas manor, lodged in different rooms with all of the space available now that the soldiers were gone. King Womba insisted on sending his best doctors to tend to them, which did occur, but the doctors could do nothing to help and soon left. 
Ama hugged Lake the dog, one of her few comforts left with Eldo senseless, while Monika tried using the Blue Sword to wake them, but after several failed attempts, it was thought best to let them rest. So the difficult part of waiting came, especially for Monika and Ama, and though the others tried to cheer them up, nothing really worked. 
They stayed awake for as long as they possibly could, but eventually they had to sleep, and so late in the morning on the 32nd day of the Cups Quest, they were still asleep when Basha stirred. He awoke slowly with slight movements of his body from fingers, toes, and eyelids until he finally opened his eyes, a thousand headaches pounding in his brain, and managed to sit up and look around.
For a moment, he thought he was still dead and this was the afterlife or a dream of some kind, but his pain seemed real, even though he didnt know how he got here. He tried to speak, but all he could do was yawn and Monika suddenly awoke, hearing this soft sound that most would not have been able to hear, yet she had been primed to hear it for awhile.
Monika laughed and cried, Oh, Basha, thank goodness, youre well! Please say you wont leave me again! 
Basha managed to hoarsely whisper, Monika, I thought I was dead, what happened? I was in the river, trying to hold on to Taus Cup and Kotak, but I had to let them go. I remember it was so dark. 
Monika sighed. Its okay, darling, you dont ever have to think of that again! Oh, I have to find the others, I must tell them! 
Monika ran out of the room before Basha could ask any more questions, so he sighed and waited for her to come back. He realized that it had been awhile since he had seen them all, not since he had gone to rescue Eldo in the torture chamber. Soon, the room was full of almost all his friends, laughing, joking, and hugging him. 
Fato and Frigo cackled together, Monika kissed him, Jobe wrote notes for his epic, with thanks in part to Havas account, and Pacaben tried to make a toast. Basha was happy, warm in body and spirit as he tried several times to stand and thank them all for their support when they deserved such praise and Monika tried to make him sit. But then he realized that Ama and Eldo werent there or he couldnt see them. 
Basha turned to Monika. My dear, where is Eldo and Ama? Everyone else is here, but I dont think they are. 
Monika hesitated, not wanting to disturb him, but finally she told him what happened. Basha got up and jogged out of the room. The group stared at each other, shocked that he was able to move so fast so soon after waking, but Basha was still getting ahead of them. Monika and the rest of the group raced after him to make sure that he wouldnt hurt himself. Basha limped down the hallway in search of Eldos room until he finally found it. Ama nearly jumped up in fright when he opened the door, also having been asleep with her head lying beside Eldo. But she smiled now when she saw Basha was awake, although her smile turned into a frown.
Basha, what are you doing here? Go back to bed, you need your rest! Ama cried as the others appeared just behind him in the doorway.
Basha ignored her and the others as he walked up to Eldo and examined him carefully, thinking about what he should do, until finally he nodded and shouted, Well, what a sight! Come on, Eldo, old buddy, move yourself out of that bed! 
Ama looked at Eldo, uncertain about what to expect, but then small, slight movements went up the young mans body as he stirred and his eyelids opened, blinking at everyone gathered around him.  Eldo whispered, Basha, it worked, youre alive! 
The group laughed and cheered as Eldo managed to sit up, chuckling a little at all of his friends. Ama kissed him and the celebration began.

Days of happiness, feasting, and celebration dragged on in Gnats small manor for the group as they recovered from their ordeal. However, they soon decided that it was time to leave and on the 6th day of Augat or the 42nd day of the Cups Quest, they gathered outside of the stables, ready to depart. Lake raced in and around the horses feet as their friends came by to bid farewell. 
Gnat and Aman wore their brand new lieutenant uniforms, as they had been promoted, and stiffly saluted Basha and the group members before they all laughed and embraced or clapped each other on the back. Fobata, wearing his finest clothes and still stiff from his wounds, thanked them for all they had ever done for him and the kingdom before he turned to leave, not wanting to stay long. He had gained and lost a lot along the way.
King Womba gave them several awards before he thanked them once more for doing their best for the kingdom and destroying a dreadful enemy. Basha and the others nodded and thanked the king, lord, and lieutenants in turn, though Basha felt uncertain about this sort of honor. Peri came by and Basha stiffened, afraid about how his uncle would react to what he had done to Kotak. However, Peri was more nervous and awkward about hugging Basha and acknowledging him as his nephew when this was new to both of them.
Pacaben smiled and tried to give another toast, but by this time everybody had gotten headaches from all of his toasts, so the idea didnt take too well. However, Sir Pacaben took this chance to approach Gnat and ask about the price of Junas manor, which Gnat had been all too willing to sell and spoke about doing so often enough. Gnat was surprised, considering the knight had an estate of his own outside of the city.
Sir Pacaben said, The estate was never made to be a real home, just a place to go in the summer, and its quite a distance from Coe Kiki. I want a home here, in this lovely neighborhood, a place where my son Liam can grow up. I mean, Womba has even offered to allow Wonans private tutors to teach my son, seeing as how he is around the right age to befriend Wonan. Besides, Im certain you would feel more comfortable selling Junas home into familiar hands. Now, as to the manor, I want to pay the full price. I dont want any bargain just because were old friends. Is it a deal?
Gnat chuckled. Well, it sounds nice, although youre going to have to wait until I have the manor valued. Then I suppose Ill split the money with Aman, since I owe him that much.
Aman blinked and turned to him. Gnat, you dont have to do that! Its not like I need money!
Gnat shook his head. Your brain must have shrunk if youve forgotten how you saved my life back at the fight by Mt. Doomba! Its the least I can do after all of the trouble weve been through together!
Aman rolled his eyes and the two men started arguing about the money as Pacaben rolled his eyes and sipped a glass of wine. Queen Mina and Plin gave the group several packages of food, which Fato and Frigo promised to take very generous portions of, and soon Basha and the group, Jobe, Ama, Eldo, Fato, Frigo and Monika bade farewell to everyone once more before they left the city of Coe Kiki and rode across the plains, the Tau Valley disappearing behind them as they climbed up into the Popo Hills.
They stopped at the small town of Giga on the 19th day of Augat, nervous about being recognized for having been involved in the brawl with Shama and Om that burned down the local inn. But luckily, they werent recognized and were able to buy some supplies with little hassle. As the inn was being rebuilt, they slept outside of the town and soon pressed on again. Ama and Eldo started meeting and conversing with each other in private as they approached Mila Forest, knowing that they would have to part when they reached Coe Wana and Wendols Weary Inn, her fathers establishment on the 27th day of Augat.
Ama turned to Basha and the others and smiled as she told them, It has been very exciting and I wouldnt trade a moment of it, not even when the road was rough and we faced certain doom. It was an adventure I shall never forget, and will always cherish. She choked up.
Eldo approached Ama and hugged her tight. What will you do? How will you deal with Wendol?
Ama shrugged. I dont really know what my father will do when I walk through his door. He may let me back in and act like nothing happened, or he may yell at me for running away like that. But Ill tell him about you, Eldo. He may not like it, but he cant force me to marry anyone else but you, even if the other man might be as rich as that filthy Baron Jarbarr was! Perhaps the chance will come soon for me to leave this city for good without ever looking back, and then Ill find you, wherever you are. 
Eldo slowly nodded and sighed, kissing her before he left with Basha and the others, not certain about staying here with her when he had to go back to Coe Ryn to see his family, although he planned on coming back someday to be with Ama. Ama waved goodbye as she watched them go, almost wishing that she could run after them like she had before, but she had to see her father first. Eldo kept glancing back towards Coe Wana as they camped by the side of the road that night, and then the next morning, Fato announced that he and his son were leaving.
We have many duties to perform for our kingdom as royal messenger birds and now is about as good a time as any for us to part. Fato explained before he smiled. Good luck everybody, hope your journeys end will be a happy one.
Frigo nodded and squawked, Eldo, tell Lake Im sorry for frightening him the first time we met. Poor thing, he was cowering in the corner and whimpering. 
Eldo tried not to laugh, remembering that it had been slightly different from the way Frigo told it, but the young man still said, Dont worry, he probably doesnt even remember that. I hope to see you two again. 
He waved good-bye along with the others as the falcons flew up into the clouds and disappeared, although they were able to hear the squawks of Fato and Frigo for sometime after that. The group headed off once more through the dark Mila Forest, Lake walking beside their horses, as they relaxed with conversations passing back and forth and Jobe playing music. 

On the 35th day of Augat and the 70th day of the Cups Quest, they reached Dobila and purchased some supplies, yet on the outskirts of town as they were leaving, Jobe paused, as if listening to the wind blowing by him then. He turned to Basha. Its been an honor to ride with you again, my old friends, and make new ones. But I think my road lies in another direction from here. One of these days, maybe Ill find my way into the Za Desert, Basha and Monika, but youll probably have to help me find the way out. 
The others giggled a little at that joke, but they waved farewell as the wandering bard set off in the opposite direction towards the setting sun. Jobe paused once to look back towards them, but they were already gone, and he sighed to himself as he felt the emptiness of the road all around him once more. Still, that was his life, and Jobe felt certain that he would see his friends again. With this comforting thought, Jobe got out his harp and played a tune as his horse kept walking down the road.
Basha, Monika, and Eldo camped on the banks of the Mila River that night and the next morning they got up to wait for the ferry, meeting the same old ferryman that had transported them across before. The ferryman eyed them and cackled as he recognized Basha. Well, I guess what you said was true, good sir! I still cant believe you came back, but whatever good or evil you might have encountered on the other side of this river, you have returned! So, all aboard thats going on! 
The group got on for a short ride across the Mila River, still shocked that the ferryman had remembered Basha from all of his other passengers, and then they set off for Coe Ryn. They reached the town as the sun started to sink, sea spray in the wind and the call of seagulls coming into shore to rest.  Eldo took a deep breath and then set off down the dirt road as he led the group to his Grandfather Qiks house. He got off Shadow and went up to the door, with Lake barking for joy as he scratched at the familiar wood of home. The young man and dog waited for awhile, but no one answered and it appeared as if the house was empty. 
Eldo shrugged. Ill just go find my uncle Mik. Maybe grandfather went to stay with him. Qik always said the house had been too big for one person to live in alone. 
Eldo went down the street a few houses, still not trying to think of his dream in the cell, before he knocked on Miks door. Basha and Monika stood off to the side, giving Eldo some privacy as Mik answered, gasped, and smiled at his nephew before hugging him. Mik wiped the sweat from his forehead and cried, Eldo! Its good to see you, for its been too long since you left home! Had enough adventures?
Eldo shrugged. Near enough adventures, I suppose. Mik, is grandfather staying with you? Hes not at home. 
Uncle Mik sighed and explained what happened as Eldo lowered his head and cried, wishing he had been there to be at his grandfathers side to protect and take care of him. Basha and Monika stared at each other, realizing what had happened, but they remained off to the side as Uncle Mik tried to reassure the boy. Then the couple approached and apologized, offering their condolences, as Mik managed to say that his father Qik had been getting on in years and it was probably his time anyway. Eldo remained silent, sullen, and solemn for the moment, almost as grave as he had been soon after leaving Coe Ryn.
You two can stay here for the night, least I can do after taking on and taking care of my poor nephew for awhile. Mik said. Eldo, you can stay here for as long as you like. My ship-building business is doing well and I want you to come work for me again. You can help your aunt around the house as well. Shes got another baby coming soon, another cousin just for you to play with, doesnt that sound fun? Eldo, what do you say?
Eldo sighed and looked up at his uncle Mik. Im sorry, I love you all very much, but I dont think I can stay.
Mik and Eldo argued for most of the night and Monika and Basha had to abandon Miks house to stay at the inn, but in the morning, Eldo was there to greet them with his hound Lake and horse Shadow, ready to go once more. Are you certain you want to come with us? Basha asked.
Eldo looked around the narrow street and shook his head. This just seems too small for me now, like Baba was too small for you, Basha. Ill go with you, if you dont mind me coming. 
Basha and Monika assured Eldo that they would enjoy his company. On the first day of Septi and the first day of Havin, the group left the small seaside town of Coe Ryn and headed into the desert sands. 
Eldo stared at the dunes ahead of him and murmured, Not too long ago, I looked at the sea and thought that would be the life and death of me, considering how hard I worked. Now I know that the world is bigger than all of that and it seems like Im far from the sea now. 
Basha and Monika never heard his words as they kept on riding towards a distant oasis, where the Windbow tribe always stayed at during part of Havin. They reached the oasis on the 10th day of Septi and the 83rd and final day of the Cups Quest, welcomed back by many people, including Jhia, Monikas advisor. They were eager to hear about what had happened and if Monika and Basha had destroyed the bandits who nearly destroyed them. 
Monika and Basha told the tale, introduced Eldo as well, and announced Monikas pregnancy to wide acclaim before they thanked Jhia for keeping watch here and asked if anything had happened during their absence. Uncertain about what to do, Eldo followed the couple around and gazed at the Zariens going about their normal lives all around him, wondering for a moment if he would fit in here or if he had made a mistake coming all this way. 
Then he heard some barking behind him and glanced back to smile at Lake making friends with a female dog. At least Lake would have no trouble fitting in here, so Eldo decided that he would try to make to make a go of it and stay here for as long as he could.

The seasons of Havin and Sna passed and the season of Reda, love and rebirth, came and on the 28th day of Apro of the year 10 NA, Monikas water broke. She went into labor soon afterward and a midwife took care of her as Basha and Eldo waited outside the tent for hours. Despite his concerns and some initial difficulty, Eldo had thrived in the desert, learning how to survive and growing accustomed to the Zarien lifestyle. 
He had even spent several nights out in the desert on his own and returned to the Windbow, healthy and well for he had been able to fend for himself and find food and water. Eldo did spend time with Basha and Monika and the other Zariens, often enjoying racing their horses across the dunes or tending to their herds. But Eldo often thought of Ama and the day when he might leave to find her again, hoping to marry her.
He was certain that he was ready to be a husband and help provide for his family, and leave behind the Za Desert and Basha and Monika. Aside from fending off another bandit attack and watching Monikas pregnancy progress with small milestones like the baby kicking and plenty of discomfort for Monika that passed along to Basha and Eldo, nothing much had happened here. 
Eldo tried to be useful and heal the sick and injured, but he couldnt summon up as much power as he used to. His healing ability seemed to have decreased ever since he brought back Basha from the brink of death, but Eldo tried not to mind it so much. He had done what was necessary to save Basha when it counted, and though he worried that he would never be so powerful again, he had some hope. 
Basha had mentioned a Master of Magic who lived on top of Stove Hill near Coe Gima, and remarked that if Eldo wanted to learn more about his healing powers, perhaps he might try seeking out the mans help, or apply to the University near Coe Coa. Eldo suspected Basha had noticed Eldos trouble and felt guilty or responsible for possibly being the cause of them, but Eldo felt grateful to Basha nonetheless.
If it wasnt for Basha and Monika arriving in Coe Ryn, he never would have left, never would have met Ama, Jobe, or all of the other friends he made, and never would have found a destiny for himself beyond the fishing village. Now he had the chance to make a new life for himself and Ama in the wider world and he owed them everything. He would miss them very much when he left.
When the grunts, screams, and cries from the tent died away, with no other sound, Basha feared the worst, as it had happened to his mother Kala. But then he heard a new cry, a pleasant squeal that seemed fresh and newborn, and soon the midwife came out to tell them that his wife had given birth to a girl.
A girl? Basha said, ecstatic, and Eldo whooped as well, both of them eager to get inside the tent and glimpse the baby as Monika weakly smiled from her bed. Gently, Basha and Eldo were allowed to hold the baby, who even had a few wisps of black hair and possibly brown eyes as they asked Monika if she had thought of a name.
Adia. Isnt it fantastic? Monika managed to say.
Basha smiled and nodded as he kissed his wife before he told her, Adia is the perfect name for our daughter. Its just lovely and she is so perfect. Weve got to celebrate as soon as possible.
Monika laughed. I dont think thats going to happen for awhile yet. Come on, let me hold her for a bit.
Basha gently passed her over to Monika, who fed the baby as Eldo glanced away, causing the couple to laugh. Adia, the name the wind calls when it blows past the desert dunes. Basha murmured, leaning down next to his daughter and caressing her gently. And shell be just as wild as that wind if shes anything like her mother.
Or father. Monika joked, smiling.
Or father. Basha grinned and noticed that Eldo had walked out. Ill be right back, He said, kissing Monika and then his daughter Adia before he went out to check on Eldo.
Are you okay? Basha asked him.
Eldo sighed. In truth, he had been thinking about leaving, Ama, and not belonging here, but he just said, Im fine, I just wondershould we look at The Writings of Wintha the--
No! Basha cried, shaking his head. She was just born. I dont want to look at what her future might be. That book has already caused us enough worry and I do not wish to worry about Adia beyond the present. Her future might be easy or hard, but whatever else, I want to worry about whenever she cries or smile whenever shes happy. I can only appreciate those moments when I know nothing of the future. I only hope that there is no evil left in the world for her to fight against.
Eldo sighed, but slowly nodded as Basha stamped off. He understood how much his friend wanted to enjoy his time with baby Adia, raising her and watching her grow up when that would happen so quickly and she would change before their eyes. But still, something wasnt right here and Eldo had a nagging feeling that something might go horribly wrong.

As the sun rose the next morning far to the south, parts of the town of Coe Jawa were still being rebuilt from the ashes of the fire Goga had ignited years ago. Some houses were full of families who had lost theirs years ago, and were still waiting for new houses to be built for them. The mines still operated to help pay for this reconstruction project, and there were plenty of jobs for young, strong men who could work in the mines or build houses. 
Coe Jawa, which once had several inns in operation before Goga came, now only had one inn still open and doing business. Most of the inns guests were temporary workers or miners who had come to apply and work on these jobs. But one guest stood out, due to his old age and lack of strength for such hard employment, as Yaggee sat in the inns common room, sourly looking deep into his wine and muttering to himself.
It had been years since he saw a vision in any liquid or mirrors. The last one had been in his cave about 10 years ago, when he saw the distant reflection of Doombas defeat at the hands of Basha and knew that he would have to find Doombas successor and take him on as his pupil. Such memories still haunted him and he wished that he could have done a better job to prevent Doombas and Kotaks deaths somehow. How could he call himself a Follower of Doomba when he never succeeded at anything and all of his masters and pupils failed to gain any sort of real, lasting power. 
He desperately wanted to see a new, better vision of the future, one that could give him real hope. Yaggee took a deep sip and called for some more wine. It had been a rough couple of months ever since he left Coe Kiki, trying to find a new place to call home. But Yaggee couldnt find anything he was happy with, especially after all of those long, glorious years of living inside a castle, even disguised as a servant. How could he ever find glory and power again as a hermit living inside a cave? Yaggee expected something to come along, but if nothing happened to him soon, Yaggee didnt know what to do. 
Yaggee chugged down his wine as a man around the age of 30 came in and stumbled towards the innkeeper. Yaggee frowned and might have ignored him, but a wind blowing in from outside brought a harsh, familiar whisper that urged him to watch as the newcomer begged for food, drink, and shelter, which the innkeeper would not give without money. 
The innkeeper might have laughed when the stranger threatened him, for though the newcomer acted insane, he was not intimidating. If this stranger did have any hidden weapons, the innkeeper felt that either he or the dozens of strapping fellows around him could handle this vagrant.
But Yaggee could sense the energy and drive emanating from the young man, more powerful than he looked, and could almost guess what would happen next. So Yaggee managed to get under the table for cover just a moment before the wall behind the innkeeper toppled over with an unnatural rending noise, and collapsed onto the innkeeper, who disappeared underneath rock and rubble. Yet the young man just stood there, undisturbed by the debris, despite how close he had been to it.
The fierce men in the room screamed in horror at this unnatural display and ran out, but Yaggee remained as he extracted himself from underneath the table and clapped his hands. Very impressive, my boy, very impressive. But there were a few flaws in what you did just now. Yaggee said as the young man spun around to face him.
The young man growled, but a mad cackle momentarily escaped his lips, which he shook off. Yaggee assumed this form of madness might be a side effect of the power he had used. What are you still doing here? The young man said. Get out of here like the rest of them and leave me alone or else! 
Yaggee shook his head. No, Im not going to leave. Youve very sloppy. You caused a ruckus and every one of those men saw you and suspect that you somehow had a part to play in all of that. If I were you, I would have made that innkeeper suffer slowly and painfully a little while after I had exited the building. No one would blame you and no one could say what had caused the pain, especially if it would have caused his death.
Youre insane. The young man said, shaking his head. I should--
Yaggee flung his hand out and pressed the young man hard against the bar, jamming him there with his powers. Pay attention to me. Yaggee said. Im trying to teach you here. Also the scale of what you did was impressive, but I dont think you were aimimg at the wall. You were aiming for the innkeeper, but you missed and got the wall, so it was lucky that the wall did the work itself. Scale doesnt matter without precision when youre using power. But you were close enough, Ill give you that. The skills are what you need the most, my son, not just the power! 
The young man gasped, staring at him. Who are you? How dare you lecture me like that? He flung off Yaggees hold and propelled the wizard up against the wall, cackling maniacally until Yaggee unleashed flaring, piercing pain that stabbed the young man, causing him to scream.
Yaggee fell a few feet when the young man lost his concentration, but slowed his descent to land softly and brush himself off. Yaggee looked down at the man lying on the floor, after he had collapsed from the pain. I should have adjusted my hold on you. Yaggee remarked. I didnt think you were strong enough yet to resist my power. You do have quite a lot of strength, more than the average magic-wielder, although you dont yet know or recognize when to hold off using that strength, especially when you are outmatched.
Why, Rose, why did you do this to me? The young man murmured, regaining consciousness. Oh, forget them, I should have just curse them all, thats what I should have done! What am I doing in Arria? I dont want to be here! 
You are from Urgo? That explains it. Yaggee nodded. A bad place for magic-users like ourselves when they hate and fear us so much that even friends and family would chase us out if they dont kill us. They dont understand our potential. Im surprised you survived, yet you are powerful enough. My name is Yaggee and you are? 
Mun Dhia. The man managed to say.
A fake name, of course, but perfectly understandable considering what youve been through. Yaggee said.
You know a lot about magic? Mun Dhia asked, slowly sitting up. And you can teach me something about it? I can learn, if you are willing to take me on as a student.
Yaggee laughed. You are lucky to have met me, or maybe its fate, for I am willing and capable of being your teacher. Not many would be willing after you tried to kill them, and certainly none of them would be capable of teaching you what you need to know. But I am different from most. One day, your power could be greater than mine, but whats the point of it if you dont know how to use it? You will have to learn a lot, but I can teach and guide you, for if you use your powers properly, you can gain control.
What kind of control? Mun Dhia asked.
Arria, Pakka, Pinal, Urgo, Mirandor, Angora, Kiwata and whatever else is left in the world to claim. Yaggee smiled. They will all bow to you if you know how to use your power! If you became skilled and strong enough, you could be the next Doomba! 
Mun gaped at Yaggee, not quite certain if he could believe him, but he was tempted to hope that it was possible, despite all that he had suffered in the past, that his future might be far different from what he ever had imagined. Perhaps becoming a Follower of Doomba or the next Doomba, whatever that might mean, would be his path.
Finally, Mun Dhia nodded. I am willing to give it a try, Yaggee. Ill do anything you ask of me for this power you speak of. Ill take all of your lessons to heart. All of your enemies are my enemies and I will dedicate my life to this mission, until I have done all I can do. None will challenge me and if they do, I will crush them. When will we begin the lessons?
Youre certainly eager, arent you? Yaggee said and laughed. Thats the spirit, my boy! Your first lesson will start now with the rules of power! The first rule of power is: dont trust anyone, even your friends. For power will make them all back-stabbers in the end!
Mun Dhia raised his eyes slightly, but he leaned in closer as Yaggee whispered to him.

 
Chapter 19: Chance and a New Generation
Meanwhile, faraway to the north, children played and laughed with one group of boys boasting to each other. One boy proclaimed, I can climb higher than anyone. I bet I could even climb the old birch tree by Lovers Rock! 
The boys just laughed at this, while another boy shouted, My mother says Im the most disgusting person in all of Arria, since I take after my father! 
A few boys nodded, agreeing with their friend, although some boys wanted to argue and challenged him to eat some worms. When he declined, they all immediately told him that he wasnt the most disgusting person in all of Arria.
One of the youngest boys at the age of 6 eagerly watched all of this until he gathered up enough nerve to say, My uncle Basha is the best soldier in the army! I heard they sent him off to the desert to fight Zariens and the whole Urgo army by himself! 
Some boys in the group groaned audibly at this obvious lie while the rest just glared at him. He lowered his bright eyes in shame as all of them, except for another boy his age, walked off. 
The other boy just shook his head and said, Forget them, Paka, you know thats true! Theyre just jealous, thats all. They remember the last time your uncle Basha came to visit, dressed up so smartly and with a sword! How can he not be one of the greatest soldiers in Arrias army? 
Paka looked up as the wind stirred his short, black hair. He smiled as he exclaimed, Thank you, Lamin, youre the best friend anyone could ever ask for! I wish you were my brother since youre always right here beside me! Unfortunately, all I have is my sister Inga and shes just 3, too young to understand any of my games! Mother says I should be more patient with her, but I dont want to. Besides, she doesnt want to play knights! 
Lamin laughed. If you think thats bad, imagine having two older brothers and two younger sisters! My brothers Hako and Hilo boss me around and make me do their chores, but they threaten to beat me up if I tell my mother! My little sister Jana, on the other hand, just laughs when she sees me do the chores and says that shes too weak to help me! I cant believe that shes so weak even if she is a girl! Im not even going to mention Juno. Shes not saying one word while she sucks her thumb! Its strange, but I guess I shouldnt bother you with my problems. Ill see you tomorrow, its getting late! 
Paka nodded and waved goodbye as he watched Lamin race down the street of Baba. Lamin stopped in front of his house, dodged his brothers and sisters, and ran up to hug his mother Jawen, who hugged Lamin tight, smiling down at her boy. She waved at Paka when she spotted him and he waved back, thinking that she must be one of the friendliest mothers he knew, besides his mother. Lamins father Hastin called the other children inside the house. Pakas stomach rumbled and he realized that he was a little late to help make dinner, certain to hear some complaints from his mother. He sighed and trudged up the street towards his home. 
Inga came running when he walked inside, yelling, Paka, Paka, play with me! 
Paka growled, showing his teeth and Inga screamed, covering her eyes at this monster before she ran away. Paka laughed as he shut the door, thinking that his sister must be quite stupid to believe her brother could turn into a monster or maybe she was just very good at pretending.
However, his joy was short-lived as his mother Sisila cried, Paka, please dont do that to your sister anymore! I cant stand to hear her screaming so much! Besides, youre late to help me and your grandmother. We cannot make your dinner by ourselves! 
Paka groaned as walked in and said, Im sorry, mother, but its just a game I play with Inga. And I had to defend our honor with the other kids making fun of me and our family! Still, dont worry. They wont say anything bad about us anymore! 
Sisila rolled her eyes, shaking her head. Honey, Im glad that you want to defend our familys honor, but were doing just fine when it comes to the respect that we receive. Your father is a good man, your father and I love each other, and we have a wonderful family. Now come on and help us, your father will be home soon! 
Paka nodded and followed his mother into the kitchen, although he groaned when he saw Grandmother Habala getting out some goats milk. Do we have to drink that stuff? Paka whispered.
Whats wrong with it? Goats milk is very healthy, I should have you know. Habala said and Paka groaned as he heard another lecture on the benefits of goats milk and other healthly foods while he, Habala, and Sisila made dinner before his father Oaka returned.
Slightly tan from working in the fields, Oaka walked in with the assistance of a cane, which he used every now and then to ease the pain of his leg. However, Paka couldnt help wondering how his father had wounded himself, because no one ever answered him when he asked. They just remained silent or said that it was beyond his understanding. Oaka sat down and they ate with Paka and Inga fighting once or twice over a roll while their parents and grandmother talked.
I had a nightmare last night. Inga said as they were finishing up.
Oaka looked up and queried, You did? How come you didnt wake up screaming? Were you a brave girl? 
Inga shrugged and sighed. I dont know, I guess. Anyway, there was a monster and he was chasing me and Paka.
A monster, you say? Oh, I bet I could have beaten that monster if I tried! If I ever got a sword, I would cut that monster to pieces and he wouldnt harm us! Paka cried, smiling and laughing.
Inga frowned, exasperated as she shook her head. No, you tried, but it didnt work. Anyway, we were running or maybe we were chasing it, sometimes it was hard to tell. So, the monster was horrible. It gobbled everything in its path, we couldnt stop it alone! But mother, father, grandmother, none of you were there, you were all gone. It was just the two of us alone, or so it seemed. Then some people came. I dont know exactly, but I think they were trying to help us. Its too hard to remember, but it was scary. 
Wow, that does sound like a bad dream. Sisila smiled and told her daughter, Dont worry your sweet little head, my baby girl. No monster will ever harm you while Im here. 
Inga smiled and nodded, not really caring to remind her mother that she wasnt there when the monster was chasing them. Oaka told the children that it was time for bed, but Paka and Inga pleaded for a story, for juggling, for fiddle-playing or jokes, anything to stop them from going to sleep. Oaka refused and Sisila herded the children up to their bedroom in the attic.
 Inga skipped up the ladder, singing some nonsense song, but Paka skulked as he stomped up the ladder since he didnt feel like falling asleep. Paka turned once to look back at his father Oaka and his cane, wondering again what had happened all those years ago before Paka was born, but he didnt dare ask and couldnt guess as he continued up.
Habala watched them go, shaking her head. What an odd dream that Inga had. That girl is something else, I can tell you that. Think she has any power? 
Oaka shrugged, yet he also agreed with his mother. Inga always had strange dreams. Meanwhile, up in their bedroom, Sisila tucked in Paka and Inga, kissing them both goodnight before she left. Paka kept silent as he allowed his mother to kiss him, but he still felt a little angry with his parents and grandmother to do such things to him.
When Sisila left and he thought that Inga had closed her eyes, he sat up in bed and looked around in the darkness. The door was closed so none of his parents heard Paka as he sighed and looked out of the window near his bed. From here, in his attic room over The Smiling Stallion inn, he could see the whole main street of Baba, a wonderful sight. 
The stars were shining bright and Paka thought about his uncle Basha looking at those same stars. He imagined fighting side by side with Basha against the whole Urgo army and other villains, grasping glory and riches within their hands! Paka smiled and looked down at an amazing sight, coming up the road through the darkness.
A little while later, the front door of the inn opened and Habala woke up from where she had been nodding off as all three adults turned around to stare at a young man in his twenties, oddly dressed in colorful clothes as he bowed to them. May I speak to the innkeeper of The Smiling Stallion inn? He asked.
Habala huffed. Its too late at night, go sleep in the stables. Well charge you nothing more than a penny there.
Oaka groaned. Mother, dont be so cruel! Im sorry, sir, please dont listen to her. Although it is quite rare to get visitors here so late at night, we have a fine room available for you.
 The stranger nodded. Thanks, but I dont really want a room. I am just here to ask permission if we could stay in your courtyard or so, wherever there might be empty land, just for the night.
Are there more people outside? Sisila asked.
The stranger nodded and stepped back to show them the arc of caravan wagons that had been formed right outside the inn, horses tossing their heads as their wagon drivers leaned forward to gaze around the town. A few residents of Coe Baba were also stepping outside of their homes to gape at the exotic, colorful wagons and outsiders while both groups seemed wary of each other. The Windfollower nervously shuffled his feet as he gazed at Oaka, Sisila, and Habala, quite used to refusals from biased people who would shun or chase away his makeshift family or community.
They shrugged and Oaka held out his hand as he informed the Windfollower, My good man, you can all stay in my courtyard and if there isnt enough room, Ill talk to some of my friends about parking your wagons. The Windfollowers will not face any trouble during your stay, Ill see to that. This is a small enough village that I can spread that message and they respect me enough to honor my wishes.
The Windfollower grinned and shook Oakas hand. Thank you very much, you wont regret it. I am Darmon, a man in your debt, good sir. I am glad that there are people like you in this world.
Sisila blushed and explained, It is nothing, Darmon, just simple kindness. However, we will relieve you of your debt if you tell us the news of the world. We know that the Windfollowers travel far and wide and so you surely hear and see so much of Arria and beyond.
Darmon nodded. Oh, news. Have you heard about the mess down in Coe Kiki?
Habala frowned and answered, No, I dont think weve heard about it. Describe it a little and lets see.
Darmon pulled up a chair close to the fireplace. Oh, I dont even know how to begin! It all happened months ago, business as usual in Kiki, until rebellion in the castle led to fighting amongst the soldiers. King Womba and his family were forced to flee, and a renegade lord named Kotak tried to usurp the throne!
Oaka gasped as he managed to say, Kotak, thats a funny little name. I remember where I heard it before. Say, were Knights of Arria involved there?
Darmon chuckled and replied, Of course, youre quite smart to guess that they were involved! Ive only heard a rumor about them and no one really saw them as far as I know, but I figure it must be true. I wish I could meet such heroes someday, although I would probably feel awkward and they might snub me.
Sisila shook her head and whispered, I dont think they would have done such a thing, Darmon. But its getting late and you can tell us the whole tale tomorrow. Do you have a wife?
Darmon smiled. Yes, I just married Yina a month or so ago. What a glorious night that was for me! She will be glad to meet you all tomorrow morning and I will spare no detail with my news! Good-bye! 
Darmon bowed and rushed out of the inn to tell his fellow Windfollowers the good news. Paka watched them from the window above, though he couldnt hear what they were saying, and grinned as he looked forward to meeting some Windfollowers tomorrow. Inside, Oaka grimaced, already guessing at the tale of Kotaks rebellion, perhaps the evil Lord K they had heard about once who was a Follower of Doomba, and how Basha must have felt when he had to face his grandfather, no matter how separated he was from the old man.

Around that same time, though they couldnt see the moon, two men sat in the dungeons of Coe Kiki, as they had for the past few months, certain they would spend the rest of their lives there. Om sighed and scratched his head, wondering for a moment if there were lice in his hair. Hava rolled his eyes and made a little mark on the wall with a piece of charcoal he had found, although he wondered if he was even getting the dates accurate. 
Om groaned and declared, The gods are punishing me. I can feel it. Why did Kotak and the others mess with Basha? He is the lion of light and the awful things that happened to us are surely because of what we did. We have been cursed! Oh, if only I had listened to my mother while she still lived, superstitious as she was, I wouldnt be in this mess right now!
Hava shook his head. The gods have nothing to do with this. Its the government, the monarch, and the powerful court system that is to blame here for our imprisonment. But the prison system is the worst here, corrupt, unfair, and totally random in how they treat prisoners like us. Do you know why they give prisoners like us numbers?
Om sighed, for he always hated whenever Hava got into a rant like this one. But Hava was even more insufferable when Om tried to dismiss him, so he said, No, why?
Because every choice they make with our lives is random. Hava said. They cant remember our names and what our crimes were! I bet that they probably have a limit of 300 prisoners in here and when they exceed the limit, thats when the random system kicks in! They just stick their hands into a bucket of papers with numbers written on them, dig around for awhile, and then pull out a few slips of paper. Then they determine what to do with these extra prisoners, to remove them to another prison or dungeon, to send them out on work detail, to release them on parole or even execute them.
You dont say. Om said, not quite believing Havas outrageous theory.
Its true, Im telling you! Hava said. Although the rules of chance, like any other game or gamble, seem to dictate that I should have been moved from here years ago when theyve removed so many other prisoners. But no, Im going to rot in Kiki and nowhere else! My number never seems to come up in the draw.
That does seem unfortunate. Om sighed.
Oh, and I bet the movement of prisoners isnt the only random thing here. Hava said. I bet cell occupants are picked randomly as well! Thats why here you have debtors sharing a cell with thieves and murderers placed with con artists. It makes no sense to mix up all of these prisoners! 
Why was I picked to be your cell mate? Om muttered to himself.
Hava shrugged and glanced around as he added, Plus some cells are more crowded than others, which makes no sense. Why would you have such unequal distribution of prisoners unless it is a randomly applicable system, such as how many prisoners were incarcerated on a given day.
Om opened his mouth to argue or tell Hava to shut up when a guard approached them and declared, Prisoner #218, Om, you have received mail today, which comes with enough money to match your bail and a letter for a business opportunity that might be suitable for parole. No exact details about the job, though, but we will investigate.
Hava stood up and yelled, What? You mean that all of this time we could have just released ourselves from this cell with bail money? How much is my bail? Surely its less than Oms bail!
The guard nodded and murmured, Yes, its less than Oms bail, Prisoner #190. However, do you have 200 gold coins? Do you have any relatives or employers that could afford to pay 200 gold coins for your release?
Hava gaped as Om gasped, Wow, my bail was more than 200 gold coins! Say, guard, do you happen to know who paid for my bail? Where did the money come from? What is my job going to be?
The guard sighed. All I know is that the money came from a man named Amash in Urgo and that the job is in Coe Wana, but we still have to investigate the matter thoroughly before we release you. Now shut up and go to sleep. The guard turned around and left.
Om and Hava blinked, stunned as they were able to guess that Amash was a pseudonym for Shama, yet what was he doing in Urgo and how could he afford more than 200 gold coins to pay for Oms release? What was this job that Shama wanted Om for?
Hava muttered, Great, of all people, Shama chose you, Om, to rescue from this dreadful prison! Where does that leave me?
Om shrugged and murmured, Well, if Shamas right about a good job up in Coe Wana, maybe Ill be able to send down some money to free you. Although I still have to be released and Shama is probably not going to be able to guarantee that.
Hava shook his head. No, theyre going to release you, even if they talk about investigating the job thoroughly. The money is too tempting for such a corrupt system.
Om laughed, forgetting his curse and how he had sworn to listen to his mother, instead praising Shama forever and promising to do whatever favor was needed to repay the debt from his bail. Hava sighed as he knew that despite Oms assurances, the thief would forget about him with his freedom and the job he had to perform. Hava would be here for the rest of his life as the three worst men he ever knew, Shama, Yaggee, and Om received freedom. It was all random and unfair, or so it seemed to him. 

The night circled close and the livestock at the edge of camp scrunched together in their herds, securing themselves and preserving their warmth. Meanwhile, the Windbow tribe members and even a few representatives from the other tribes gathered around a roaring fire set up in the middle of camp to celebrate the birth of the Kais daughter Adia. 
Drums and flutes played as they sang and danced and children raced in and out of the crowd, chasing each other, laughing and playing. Hunters brought game to the feast with drinks passed back and forth, escalating the jubilation as pitchers of wine stood guard for whenever they grew thirsty again. 
Jhia stood up and toasted Kai Monika and her husband Basha, leader of the Windbow warriors, both of whom thanked Jhia and everyone else as they tended to Adia. Jhia then toasted the representatives of the other tribes, who solemnly or jovially accepted the toasts for the most part, although a few of them seemed almost severe without being disrespectful.

Finally Jhia raised his glass one last time. A toast to Adia and the future! One day, Adia will rise up as Kai of the great Zarien tribes and we must make a new future together. People must see us now as a nation, united in our efforts to bring peace and harmony to the tribes and the desert. Adia will help lead us until the day will come when we are not of Pakka or Arria, but of the Za Desert! 
Cheers rose up and people clapped, although representatives of the Shadow Hawk tribe frowned. They did wish that the Za Desert would be recognized as its own nation, but not with Monikas daughter in control.
Lam Ikal, leader of a powerful family in the Flying Lizard tribe, despite his young age of 23, turned to a representative of the Shadow Hawks. What is wrong with you, Lam Wou? All throughout these speeches and toasts, you and your friends sit here with a frown. What do you think of Jhias words?
Lam Wou, slightly older than Ikal at the age of 31, growled. For years I have heard these speeches full of drivel and promises of the Za Desert rising up to claim power and control, but nothing ever comes of it. How can we trust Monika and her baby daughter to lead us in such a direction? We barely know them! Monika left us and wandered about the world for years before she married an outlander, from Arria of all places! How can we trust that Monika wont make us a vassal of that country?
Lam Ikal slowly nodded. You speak truthfully, my friend, and I believe that you are quite right. Perhaps, one day, they will see the truth of this situation.  Men like us must change some things and take control. Come sit by me, Lam Wou, everyone is too busy having fun to listen to us here. You know, thats the problem with most of these people here. They think nothing of the future.
Wou smiled and joined Ikal as the celebration continued unabated, taking no notice of these two representatives whispering to each other of the future that they dreamed of. At the edge of camp, Eldo softly called Lake over and the dog trotted towards him, probably wanting to eat some pork, but content enough to set off once more with him. Shadow pawed the sand and neighed as Eldo patted her mane and reached down to pet Lake before he finally got up on the horses back.
Eldo slowly turned towards the feast, watching the others enjoy themselves, and then waved farewell, not really wanting them to see him leave, but he felt like at least making the gesture. Basha and Monika did spy him in the distance and waved as well, but they did not feel like going over towards him when Eldo seemed to want to slip off without much notice. 
Perhaps it was best for Eldo to leave now before he felt like he was stuck here and he probably wanted to make a new life for himself somewhere else, although they would miss him very much. Eldo turned Shadow towards the west and they set off at a gallop, Lake racing alongside them up and down the dunes. The dog barked and howled with joy as they disappeared, although the howl lingered in the air as as nothing more than an echo.
Basha wiped away at his eyes and stared down at his daughter asleep in Monikas arms, lulled into comfort quite easily without anything to scare her, and he was happy. But Basha feared that there might be danger and evil in her future and The orals Curse that Eldo had read might really be his last prophecy as the lion of light.
 For this was only the beginning of what was to come for Adia, whatever the future might bring, good or bad. A new generation was here and such blissful, ignorant happiness couldnt last for long. The fires ashes rose slowly up into the sky and spread out over the dunes by the wind.

Days later, on the 2nd day of Mai and far from the desert, a dozen maids and serving wenches wandered through the crowd of tables in the common room of Wendols Weary Inn, just an ordinary lunch hour as they took orders and handed out food. One of the maids waved at Ama, seated at a table in the corner, and she waved back. The last few months had gone by quickly as things settled down at the inn and in the city of Wana in general with hope for a new future ahead.
When Ama returned, Wendol welcomed her back and was glad to hear her tales, though he didnt really believe anything she told him. He did not pressure her into any more marriages, though, as the threat of Baron Jarbarr was gone with his disappearance. Maybe Jarbarr was dead if he wasnt killed by that avalanche like Ama said he was. 
But then soon after Amas return, stories of the events in Kiki and Havas account reached Coe Wana and Wendol at last realized the truth of everything that Ama had told him. With that, Ama and Wendol seriously started to talk about the day when Eldo would return, since Ama had at last passed her 15th birthday and could be old enough to marry. 
Thus, Wendol and Ama spent more time together and Wendol started to hire more people to work at the inn, like a new cook, maids, and kitchen helpers, in preparation for the day when Ama would leave her father forever. Luckily, business boomed and the small family profited enough to afford the extra help with Ama being given more free time without work.
However, Eldo was nowhere in sight. Ama sighed and glanced around the common room, still on alert for any trouble with the guests as she listened to a couple of fellows talking about Lord Chihon, who had taken over as Duke of Coe Wana with the death of his father Lord Pavga. 
Lord Pavgas decline, despite his age, had been sudden and rapid, perhaps spurred on by the shame of his brother Kotaks defeat. Reportedly, Lord Chihon and his sons Hamil and Cica had been gathered around Lord Pavgas deathbed on his final day, trying to act as solemn and grieving as they could. But Lord Pavga still had enough life left in him to rib and jab them, scorning their insincerity and causing a fight amongst the brothers and father. 
Apparently they were still arguing when Lord Pavga died, unnoticed by them. If true, it was a shameful story that really highlighted the cruelty and contempt within that family, which might have been a cause or a result of many members of that family becoming Followers of Doomba. Ama wasnt sure, but since Pavga and Kotak had been Followers, she assumed the same would be true of Lord Chihon and his sons.
One of the fellows talking said, I wont get my hopes up about Chihon. This has always been a tough town and the lords and nobles here are as ruthless as anything. 
Wana was a difficult city to live in, Ama knew, where neighbors hardly got to know each other and spite and criticism was abundant. A place where people like Baron Jarbarr and Lord Pavga could thrive, a place where lies and threats were quite common as people struggled to earn enough money to survive.
Eldo had told her about Coe Ryn and it sounded like a nice town, a real community where people cared for each other and depended on each other for their livelihood. In Coe Ryn, Eldo said, true peace could be found in the crystal waters of the Black Sea. 
Ama sighed and smiled at the picture her imagination could create from Eldos words. She remembered them very well and wondered if there really was such a perfect place far from the harshness of Coe Wana. 
She stood up and exited Wendols Weary Inn for no real reason, though she looked up and down the busy streets, wondering if any more visitors would come today, if her real future would come at all. She groaned and leaned against the wall. It had been such a long time since she had seen Eldo that she wondered if her dreams had ended when she left him, if she would ever find or see him again.
Ama closed her eyes, wondering if she might fall asleep here and start dreaming of Eldo again. In the distance up the street, she heard a dog barking, a familiar sound for some reason as she wondered if she really was dreaming. 
She opened her eyes and stepped away from the wall, smiling at Lake the dog prancing in the street in front of her, barking and howling at the sight of her. Eldo dismounted from Shadows back in front of the inn a short while later and she and Eldo stared at each other in silence for a moment, savoring the brief and loving greeting in the others eyes.
Ama chuckled. Eldo, its about time that you got here! Ive been waiting awhile and not every woman could wait forever for her future husband. 
Eldo told her. Im sorry, Ama, but I wanted to be certain that I was ready to be a good husband for you and so I learned as much as I could on how to provide for myself and others. I hope you can forgive me, but I thought you might be able to wait.
I didnt say just now that you would be my future husband. Ama remarked.
Eldo blinked, flabbergasted, until she started laughing at the look on his face and he realized the joke she played on him. He looked a little abashed as she moved closer to him, smiling before they kissed each other. 
A stable boy took Shadow into the stables and Lake continued to bark as they kissed each other again. Then Eldo and Ama went back into the inn to speak to Wendol now about their future.
The End

Coming soonThe Kirnas Apprentice (2002)
The past will come together 
And a new generation will take their place, 
As Arria cries out for salvation.
One man knows nothing of his past 
As he seeks revenge, 
One man seeks to save a friend,
While both of them know nothing 
About their great destinies.

