NERIPHA
Book One: The Blood Moon Trial
Part 1
By Olivia Ratcliff

TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE

CHAPTER ONE
This morning, Chases footsteps were lighter. He had to camp out in the Mima forest for several days to come to a hunting ground. This was his first time hunting without his fathers help and he couldnt help feeling a little antsy. He seemed to have matured in that short period of time, his movement more deliberate than usual.
Chase was a young man with bright green eyes, intelligence and youthful energy unmistakable in them, without the negative effect of their presence at once, as intelligence often subdued the cheerfulness of youth and youth often bypassed consulting ones intelligence. His nose was masculine with a high bridge, somehow indicative of his character, strong-willed and perhaps stubborn. Chases big hands had started to get calloused to his delight. It wasnt because he saw them as a sign of manhood; the calluses simply reduced minor cuts and scrapes on his hands. He was lean, and though he wasnt particularly muscular, he was flexible and agile.
Due to the nature of his job as a hunter, Chase was heavily affected by seasons. Every season, hunters could catch only a certain number of allowed animals. Strict laws forbade hunting out of season so Chase had to make sure he got his hunts completed before the season was up.
During his travel through the Mima forest, he had slept on Maroa trees at night. The whole Maroa tree family evolved in different parts of Sarum, an eastern kingdom of the Ippa continent, resulting in various trees that looked different but still shared similar traits. All Maroas had smooth bark, thick trunks, and very symmetrical branches and roots. The branches spread straight out and up, creating horizontal boughs. Chase liked to use these flat parts of Maroa branches to sit and get some shuteye.
Perfect.
Chase untied a strap holding his crossbow on his back and set it on the ground. Then he lay on his stomach in front of a rocky cliff where the Rockbacker bats retreated and slept before the sunrise. The Rockbacker bats were one of the most coveted bats for their resilient and durable wings with a sandy, bumpy texture, which was where the name Rockbacker had come from. These were found only in the Mima forest, one of the main woodlands in Sarum. 
When it dawned, the Rockbacker bats would fly toward the rocky cliff. Their large swarm was hard to miss but the key was to get them down before they landed on their nests. Once they got hold of the rocky surface, their crooked claws dug into the rock, making it very difficult to get them down. Also from far away, their camouflage was undistinguishable.
The sky of the moon Neripha was a true spectacle. The star-studded sky was turning slowly purple now. The largest heavenly body, the planet Tellis, glowed ombre green, the golden moon Zania floated behind wispy clouds like a gold coin, and the red moon Fienor looked down on the earth like the eye of the sky. The planet Telliss glorious emerald touch on the earth retreated as the ruler of the Neriphan sky, the star Metilda, was about to claim her domain again.
From a distance, the flapping of numerous sets of wings echoed. Chase gripped the crossbow, loaded with an arrow. The crossbow and the arrow had been handpicked by his father, made large and heavy for precision. 
Chase had to wait until the right moment to shoot it, his body flat against the ground. The Rockbacker bats were infamous for their keen sense of their surroundings. They could recognize any slight difference in their surroundings and would avoid getting near it if they detected a difference that could be a threat. Chase wasnt sure how well their radar worked. He was dubious that the bats would notice him down on the ground, but it never hurt to be careful.
The bats came like a thunderstorm. Their wings swept the air up and down, their rancorous crying giving him a headache. Such a sudden appearance of the bats must have shocked the rest of the forest too; everything went dead and silent other than the bats. The huge bats from below looked almost frightening. Being one of a few carnivorous bats, some of them held their prey such as squirrels and rabbits tightly in their feet as hard as steel wires. They didnt seem to notice Chase at all. One after another they landed on their nests on the cliff. 
Chase raised the crossbow and aimed carefully at the bats, still lying flat on the ground, though the awkward position limited the mobility of his arm.
Pachang
Chase finally released the trigger after a long, methodical aim. The arrow shot straight up toward one of the bats.
As the arrow approached the bat, it lost its speed considerably. The bats were flying at much too high of an altitude. The slow motion of the arrow was apparent not only to Chase but to his bat; it flapped its wings ferociously to avoid being in the range of the oncoming arrow, and went on its way as though nothing had happened. The targetless arrow dropped near Chases feet. Frustrated, Chase quickly got up and retrieved the arrow.
However, when Chase looked up the sky, he realized he had made a mistake. In sync, all the Rockbacker bats diverted around Chases vicinity, making a large dome of clearing. They were more clamorous than ever. At this unexpected turn of the event, Chase stood there with his mouth slightly open, pondering what he should do. It seemed that he blew his chance today.
Can I help you? 
While Chase was still pondering, a voice reached him through the cacophony of the bats. Chase jolted his head around to the source of the sound, alarmed. There was a tiny old man sitting on a branch of a Short-legged Maroa, a tree commonly found in the Mima forest.
Who are you? Chase asked rather pointedly.
Hi, Im a researcher. I was in the area when I spotted you. Its rare to see people this deep in the forest. I apologize if I startled you, the old man said with a smile. He had wrinkles around his mouth and eyes that creased pleasantly when he smiled.
. Its okay. I didnt notice your presence at all. You just caught me by surprise.
I understand. Are you a hunter?
Yes, I am. This is my first time hunting the Rockbacker bats. Its quite tricky.
If you want, I can help you, the old man said, jumping off the tall tree with feline grace. His knees and back bent as his feet touched the ground, minimizing the impact. His long slick ponytail swayed rhythmically as he walked toward Chase. His remarkably blue eyes were kind and wise.
Im Eric Jovani. Call me Jovani. Its good to meet another one like myself in this forest, said the old man as he stuck his hand out.
Im Chase. Chase shook Jovanis hand uncertainly. After all, this was the least anticipated scene Chased had on his mind about his hunting. Now a good portion of the bats had already safely landed on their nests, out of Chases reach. The planet, the moons and the stars all faded as dawn broke. The sky turned from pitch black to purple. The Rockbacker bats commute would soon end.
Okay, I dont have very much time, Chase said urgently.
No need to rush. We cant really do our best when we feel nervous, can we? I saw you used that arrow to catch the bat. I think you wouldve had better luck to shoot it down from the cliff instead up from the ground. But I do see that it wouldve been challenging to retrieve the bat even if you shot it down. Jovani rummaged inside his shirt to fish out a small hand knife that would normally be used for peeling fruits. All that matters in this are speed and force. The bats are skittish and the arrows too slow. In principle Jovani trailed off and hoisted his arm with the knife as though he was about to throw it.
 He froze in that position, his unwavering eyes fixed on the swarm of bats overhead. Then he hurled it in that direction. The knife left his hand like a bullet and lodged itself deeply in the chest of an unfortunate bat. The bat instantly lost control and plummeted to the ground.
You just need to be faster and stronger than your target, Jovani finished his sentence. 
Chase looked at the old man in front of him in awe. This old man was not an ordinary researcher, it seemed.
Dont you want to fetch it? Jovani asked. At that, Chase, without saying anything, ran to check the bat. The knife was right in the center of its chest, a very clean kill, with little blood on the wound. If he were to pull it out, the wound would bleed then. He took out a bag hed brought and put the bat in it.
You must be a hunter as well, arent you? Chase said.
No, Im a researcher.
What do you research?
Things that interest me.
It looks to me that you research hunting, Chase said with slight annoyance in his tone. How did you do that? That was not what an ordinary old man could do.
You would be surprised to find out what an ordinary old man can do. Jovani chuckled.
The star Metildas blue face had peeked over the horizon. All the bats had returned to their nests and had become part of the cliff. Now no one would be able to tell that the cliff had thousands of bats clinging to it. The gleaming eyes of night animals all disappeared and the forest was filled with the sounds of birds. Metildas light illuminated Jovanis smiling face.
If youre really curious, then go to Central City and look for Kevin at the Central Inn. He will be able to train you.
Why cant you tell me now? Chase asked.
Because it looks like you have a long way to go and Im busy. Kevin is a lot more dedicated. Just say my name; he will know why youre there. Jovani turned around. Well, it was fun meeting you, Chase. I hope to see you again. Jovani waved his hand behind him.
Wait, Jovani! Chase called after him but Jovani jumped on a tree and disappeared behind the foliage. Thank you! Chase yelled. He looked into the woods as though Jovani was still sitting on one of the Maroa branches. The Maroas sweet scent saturated the air. The Mima forest was once again peaceful and quiet, leaving only the afterimage of Jovani in Chases head.

CHAPTER TWO
Klaiser couldnt stay asleep. It was much too hot. He sat up in the bed, drenched in sweat. His thin pale face looked particularly ghostly, his faint brown eyes dilated. He had chest pain that made it difficult to breathe.
Are you okay? asked Sadie, his queen, with her half-open eyes fuller of sleep than of concern.
Im fine. Its just too hot. Go back to sleep, Klaiser replied as he opened the window.
A kings heart had a place where all the concerns of his people rested, stirring slowly but heavily. His father had often told him that being a good king meant giving his heart to his people, their worries becoming his to resolve. It must be one of those nights that his desire to emulate his father, a good king, beloved by whole Sarum, overcame his delicate mentality.
A cool breeze came in through the open windows, circulating his bed chamber. The hot air was so thick that he could almost see the cool air swirl and mingle with it. His wet silk robe stuck to his back like a piece of dead skin. Opening the windows helped alleviate his headache but it wasnt enough. He decided to go out.
Open, Klaiser said to the arched doors in his bed chamber as he approached them. Then the large double doors opened outward into the hall where two of the four guards held the doors open for him. The other two accompanied Klaiser as usual but he stopped them. Dont follow me. I want to get some fresh air.
His chest pain got worse as he walked past the hall. At the end of the hall, there were large decorative windows. The entire place was like an oven, heating the air, suffocating him.
Open all doors and windows, Klaiser commanded with a pained voice. He could hear distant squeaking and clicking of the doors and windows opening but no one came out to get the windows in front of him.
The Sarumese had a reputation for their intricate carvings and statues incorporated into their architecture and accordingly, the palace was the pinnacle of the Sarumese craftsmanship. At night, a use of different lightings amplified the beauty of their artwork, each creating a different mood.
However, none of them mattered to Klaiser now. All he could see were the unopened windows, which needed to be opened to let in the fresh air. It must be done right now, or else he would certainly faint. He was feeling light-headed, his tongue dry, his ribs squeezing around his lungs, which bit by bit shriveled inside him. With an unbelievable force, he shoved a glass statue of the founding father of Sarum, twice the size of himself, out of his way. It hit the floor and shattered into thousand little pieces. 
Klaiser gave it no heed. He desperately fumbled for the windows and pushed them open. A gush of cool air flowed in. The air seemed to wrap him with its delicate tendrils as though it wanted to pull him out. All of a sudden, the light went out in his palace and he was left alone in the darkness with the windows wide open, his only source of air and light. It was silent. Feeling giddy and fearful, he climbed out the window through the palace wall. It was miraculously easy, so easy that it made him question the reality of it, whether it was a dream or hallucination. The higher he went up, the easier it got for him to breathe. His hands gained strength and the throbbing in his head stopped.
The clouds in the sky had a tint of red, for it was a Fienorian night; it was when there werent other discernible heavenly bodies than the red moon Fienor in the sky. Its enticingly beautiful yet peculiar color dyed the world. The moon was much larger than usual. Klaiser just gazed at it, his sweaty robe finally drying off his clammy skin, his burning cheeks cooling, and his windpipe giving way to the fresh air. He felt like the moon called him out to save his life. He could breathe again, and live.
Soon, drops of rain fell from the sky on his face. Then suddenly it started pouring, even though the sky was oddly clear and the tiny stars and the giant red moon shone as brightly as before. He opened his mouth and swallowed the rain which wet his dry throat and cooled him down. Fienors red, white and black eddies on its face were visibly blending together. Before he knew it, the rain had filled up the land and flooded the palace. Now the water was rising to his feet on the roof. He frantically looked around in efforts to find a higher place only to realize he was stuck.
Anybody! Help me! Guards! Get me out of here! Klaiser screamed for help. It was a torrential deluge; the raindrops blew in all directions and now they battered him all over; he felt so cold and bruised. Then a white object popped up from the water by his feet. Even with the rain battering his eyes, he could tell that it was a face of a woman hed never seen in the palace before. Her face was lifeless and pale like his own and her wide-open eyes were as dark as the bottom of the ocean, much like the water that had swallowed his palace whole.
Klaiser gasped and took a step back but soon realized that she was drowning. The water level had risen to his calves. He saw his very near future in the drowning woman.
Here, hold my hand! he heard himself say. Why he would rescue the woman when he was going to drown with her within a couple of minutes, he wasnt sure, but he held out his hand, cold and veiny, but certain. 
Then like a shark jumping out of the water and snatching its prey, her pale hand shot up and gripped him by his wrist. The black, lifeless eyes were in focus now, on Klaiser, and her intent to hold on to her dear life was clear. She yanked at it. The rain and her state of near death didnt seem to diminish her pull. Klaiser slipped into the bottomless water.
Ahhhhhh, with a roar, Klaiser sat up in his bed, drenched in what seemed like that rain.
Klaiser, Its okay! Everythings okay! his queen was holding him, startled and afraid. His chest was heaving uncontrollably and his unfocused eyes darted side to side, looking for the drowning woman.
What happened? he asked Sadie.
You were grunting and convulsing in the middle of the night. I tried to wake you but you wouldnt wake up. I was about to summon the doctor, she replied nervously.
He didnt say anything. He felt the wrist which the drowning woman yanked in his dream. Oddly, it prickled with pain. 
Would you open the window, Sadie? he asked, pointing at the window on his side of the wall. She quickly hurried to the window and opened it. The planet Tellis and the moon Zania greeted him. No trace of that flood, the woman and Fienor could be found. It was just another night, just another nightmare.
Thank you. I just had a really bad nightmare. It feels better to get some fresh air. He rubbed his wrist. Too much stress he thought to himself.

CHAPTER THREE
Im home, Chase said as he entered his house. He set aside his bag and gears on the floor by the table. At one corner of the house, a beef stew was boiling. Chase finally realized that he was hungry.
Chase, how was the hunting? said a voice from the upstairs.
I got my hunt but it wasnt a very good one. Can I eat now? Chase said.
It wasnt a good one? Are you okay? Are you hurt? the voice said with a hint of concern.
No, Im fine. It just didnt go as Id expected, Chase answered, sitting at the table.
A face popped up over the wall. Her full red locks were slightly messy, as they usually were, but her bright green eyes sparkled, which somehow matched so well with her unkempt hairdo. It was Hazel, Chases mother. She put down her tools back to the right places. Chase must have entered the house while Hazel was working on her latest project. After a bit of clinking, Hazel came downstairs. Her sinewy limbs and smooth skin were elegant even in her worn leather worksuit. She often worked on her weapon designs for her armory, conveniently setting a pot on the stove at the same time. She burned many pots that way but she wouldnt stop multitasking.
I cant say I caught this one because I had someone else shoot it for me. Where is Dad? Im starving, Chase said.
You know where he is. Hes at his workshop. Well, Im relieved that you are safe home. Tell us more about it during lunch, she said as she scooped out a ladleful of the beef stew. Hers was the worlds best, in Chases opinion.
Ash, come have lunch with us! Hazel yelled for Chases father. After a while Ash appeared through a wooden sliding door. He had very short hair just like Chases and a big build for his age. His calloused hands were black with soot and whatever he carelessly smeared with his hands was also dirty. His gray shirt was so thinned down by excessive use that it had holes here and there, which to Hazels dismay didnt bother Ash.
Chase, youre back in one piece! How was your hunting? Any luck? he said cheerfully.
Yes and no. Someone else caught it for me and basically I just took his kill, Chase replied, wrinkling his nose.
Hm, you are not telling me you stole someone elses, are you? Ash said as he wiped his dirty hands on the pants. Hazel eyed at the sooty hands as though she wanted to say something but she only shook her head.
No, I didnt steal it, Chase continued as he chewed a piece of beef, I had no trouble getting to the cliff but when the swarm hit the area, my arrow was too slow and weak to even reach them, let alone pierce them. Then this strange old man came out of nowhere and shot one down with a tiny little knife. He just threw it in the air with his bare hands and it was so much faster than my arrow.
And he let you have it? Ash asked after swallowing a mouthful of the stew.
Yeah, he said he was just a researcher and he wanted to help me out. I asked him how he did it but he said he couldnt teach me. Id have to go to the capital and ask one of his friends or something. Kevin at the Central Inn he said.
At this, Hazel looked up dubiously.
A researcher? Thats such a vague description. What does he research, did he tell you?
No, I didnt ask any further. I think he was probably using Vito, Chase replied carefully.
That could be, Ash added, because you cant use Vito, there is no way of telling if he did use Vito but even if he did, you want to avoid learning it from a stranger. Ashs eyes turned stern, the way they always did whenever Vito was mentioned.
Vito was a form of energy present everywhere in space, albeit with a drastically varying degree of density and configuration. Some people could use Vito readily without much training at all but most needed extensive training. There were also some who were incapable of even feeling the presence of Vito, whereas some could produce their own Vito in large amounts. It was a versatile energy that expanded human limits. However, there werent too many who could use it properly. Chase had heard many accounts in which Vito was improperly taught and utilized, destroying the users bodies, in extreme cases, killing them. As Vito users were rare, the government actively scouted Vito users in Sarum, and that was what made Ash so cautious. Ash himself was a Vito user, which helped him further his career as an armorer, but he insisted that knowing something and teaching something were completely different, that he couldnt teach Vito.
Once you learn it, you cant go back; you wont want to go back Ash rested his chin on the arch of his interlocked hands, looking at his son. Chase was quite used to Ashs reaction. Though he didnt agree with his father, he just kept quiet. If his father wasnt going to teach it to him, he had no option other than to look elsewhere for a teacher. Chase was sure that Ash knew this in the back of his mind.
Ash leaned back in his chair and sighed.
What do you think, Chase? Do you believe him? he asked.
Even if the old man was lying to me, it doesnt matter. I have always wanted to explore other places so I feel like this is a good reason to go to Central City. He was without a doubt a superior hunter. I have a feeling I will be able to meet people like him there. Maybe I can learn something from them, Chase replied.
What will you do there? What if he lied to you? What if this guy at the Central Inn doesnt exist? Hazel asked with a motherly concern, knowing Chases tendency to make his decisions a little too quickly and keep with them.
I dont think he lied to me but even if he did, Central City has a lot of hunter agencies and markets for weaponry so I should be able to do something as a last resort, said Chase, shrugging.
So are you going to go then? Hazel asked.
Is that okay with you? I realized that I need to step outside my hometown and experience a new world, Chase said.
Well, before we talk about that, let me see what youve got there. Ash pointed at the bag of the Rockbacker bat with his spoon.
Traditionally, Sarumese houses were a combination of family home and business. A family business didnt necessarily pass down from one generation to the next, but while the current generation ran the business, they all lived in a building which functioned both as a home and a business. The separation between the two spaces was clear; normally, they occupied different floors or either half of the house, for example, the left half of the house a home, and the right half of the house a business. This allowed for everyone in town to identify who everyone was, what business ones family owned, where they lived and so on. It also meant that the businesses were small. Larger firms didnt have this traditional structure, especially in a larger city. However, the size of a business didnt equate to its profits, at least in Chases familys case.
Chases family, the Dunnabels, owned the Dunnabel Armory to which Ash and Hazel had dedicated their lives. They had been customizing weapons and armor for decades from Chases grandfathers generation. Though their armory was in a small town of Salozara at a remote part of Sarum, their craftsmanship was so renowned that even nobles from different kingdoms came to get customized weapons and armor. 
The Dunnabels two-story house had two identical spaces divided by a supporting wall that held up the rafters. The Sarumese roofs were peaked with a gentle slope and were normally covered with plants such as grass and vines. The Dunnabels house had an ivy-covered roof which bloomed cherry-red blossoms in spring. 
There was a sliding wooden door that connected these two spaces in Chases house. As it was part of the Sarumese architecture, the traditional style wooden door was embossed with figures. It had a big serpent embossed with great detail, wrapping around the periphery of the door. The serpents diamond-shaped head stuck out to form a handle for the door with a smooth texture of well-finished and well-used wood, which, with a slightly cooler temperature upon contact, had a strikingly similar texture to a live one. 
When Ash opened the sliding door, Chases favorite room came before him. It was the connecting room between their home and the armory, which was used as a workshop as well as a temporary keeping place for the finished products, waiting to be picked up. The room was often cluttered but that was one of the reasons for which Chase liked the room. The familiar scent of steel, leather and sweat rushed out to him. Directly opposite to the door from his home was a celestial clock much older than Chase. Made to impress, its large hemispherical face was as bright peach as the sky outside, almost as if the clock transported a piece of the sky to the workshop. 
The sky of Neripha was heavily affected by its two other moons, Zania and Fienor, the planet Tellis and the star Metilda. These created different phases of the sky with rather complicated numbers for people to remember. The Sarumese were the first to devise the celestial clock, which was now used everywhere in the world. It consisted of four beads and notches corresponding to the beads, together which told various phases such as time until the next Fienorian night, lunar eclipse, solar eclipse, and different seasons. These beads moved about in the pearly liquid of the clock face with a striking resemblance to the four heavenly bodies: a blue bead being Metilda, an ombre green bead with a little belt being Tellis, a red, white and black bead being Fienor, and a tiny golden bead being Zania. The liquid in the clock changed its color according to the locations of these beads, turning black at night, peach during the day and red on a Fienorian night. 
Ashs workshop was a square shaped room with three walls as his work bench space and one wall as a glassed-in showcase, reserved only for high priced items and some of Ashs prized possessions. At one corner of the room, opposite to the showcase was the Everlasting Flame of the North enclosed in a fireplace. 
Let me see the bat now, Ash said curiously. 
Chase put the bag on the work station and unwrapped it. The bats sandy, bumpy wings were neatly folded with no damage to them at all. Ash opened one of its wings and tapped it with his finger. It was very thin and light yet resilient and impenetrable. The translucent and bumpy piece of skin bounced Ashs finger right back. 
This ought to make good gloves, Ash said, satisfied. Ash and Hazel had received a rather difficult order a while ago. It was to create gloves with claws that could spring out at the users will. The gloves were to be designed so that the user could wear them at all times, which meant they needed to be as compact and light as possible with the maximum durability. The claws, because the client wanted them for combat gloves, needed to have both absorbing and emitting elements. 
All elements in Neripha were categorized into three big groups: absorbing family, emitting family, and neutral family. For absorbing family, the elements had an affinity for absorbing and retaining energy while emitting elements had an affinity for releasing energy. Neutral elements werent inclined either way. Infusing emitting elements with neutral elements would enable the claws to react to the users Vito. This part of the job was the hard part. The clients all wanted unique features in their weapons and to customize them like so required top notch skills. 
Ash flipped over the bat to examine the wound. This is his knife? Ash asked. There was the little knife that Jovani had thrown at the bat in the center of its chest. 
Ah, thats the knife he used. He didnt even give me time to return it to him.
Its a very clean throw. Its straight in, not drawing a drop of blood, Ash commented. 
Chase pulled out the knife. The shiny blade came out with no blood at all. 
It looks like its coated with Harper tigers oil. Let me see it, said Ash.
Chase handed it over to his father. Blades with Harper tigers oil smeared on them would pull out from a wound as clean as new. Harper tigers were relatively small, living at high altitudes along the mountain ridges in northern Kshandya and Decarta, a tribal nation and a kingdom south of Sarum. Harper tigers had stocky legs, large paws and a long tail, all of which made them excellent mountain climbers as well as ambushers. Harper tigers oil was sold for a high price because it had to be imported from either Kshandya or Decarta. However, Kshandya had no foreign relation with its neighboring countries, so Sarums stock of Harper tigers oil was solely dependent on the imports from Decarta. 
Ash squinted and examined the knife. He found a mark at the bottom of the blade close to the grip. Its style wasnt common in Sarum. The maker of this blade had made a little depression, shaped of a shield, and then filled it with different material to give it a different texture and color. The shield mark on the blade was tiny but was unbelievably precise. 
I was wrong. Its not Harper tigers oil. The blade itself is made out of Harper tigers tooth. Feel it in your hand. Its not an alloy. Its a bone, you should be able to tell that, Ash said, giving Chase the knife to re-examine. The blade was immaculately white, which looked more like one of many alloys commonly used for a small knife, but it was too light for that.
I have to cheat a little, Chase said and tapped the blade. Then he could be sure that it was a bone. 
It was either imported as a whole or someone used an imported Harper tigers tooth to make this. The filled-in mark is atypical here. One thing for sure, the guy who had this probably knows a bit about weaponry and can afford having this. 
The use of Harper tigers oil or tooth wasnt entirely uncommon, especially among nobles who could afford it. However, it had been mostly associated with being assassins must-haves because they tried to avoid carrying their victims blood on them.
Chase couldnt see Jovani as an assassin. That strange old man, Chase thought to himself.
Dad, so what do you think? Dont you think this is worth looking into? 
Ash just examined the knife without replying Chase. 
I think I should go, Chase said with suppressed excitement in his voice. Also, I think I should give this knife back to him if we meet in the capital. 
Its your call. Your mom and I will support you no matter what, Ash replied. I dont mean I dont approve of your going to Central City. There are liars and thieves out there and they know newbies. There will be people who try to take advantage of you and you will learn your lessons the hard way most likely, but running into them is inevitable.
Chase looked up at Ash. Ashs facial expression was serious but encouraging. He put his large, calloused, sooty hands on Chases shoulders. Ash seemed much taller and bigger at the moment, Chase thought. 
Your mom and I shouldnt try to keep you here forever. Dont trust people right off the bat. Well, youre my son. Im sure you will be just fine. Ash gave him a little squeeze on the shoulders. But as Ive told you before, do not learn Vito from anyone unless youve thoroughly evaluated his expertise and personality. Once you learn Vito the wrong way, you cant relearn it. If Vito was forced over your limit, you could die from it. Remember that. Ash gave him a firm look. 
Okay, I will always keep that in mind, Chase replied. 
Theres something Ive been keeping for you until now. I think this might be a good time to give it to you, Ash said as he opened the showcase door where he kept all the weapons that belonged to him. They were the ones that Ash had collected, received as gifts or made by himself, which he cherished very much. After opening the glass door, Ash stepped back and gestured at Chase. 
Pick one you like. 
Out of these? Chase asked in disbelief. 
Yes, this is my gift to you, celebrating your oncoming adventures. 
Well, then, I will take your Black Gancus. Chase pointed at a plain-looking black sword that leaned on the wall. 
Sure. Grab it, Ash replied. 
Really? I was just joking. You will give me your very favorite sword? 
Yes. I can give it to you only because its my favorite sword. Im sure it wants to be used instead of gathering dust in my dungeon, Ash said, urging him to go and grab it. 
Still uncertainly, Chase reached and grabbed its handle. 
Gancus, the white furry beast was now a thing out of a legend; its long feline body, more graceful and agile than pumas, was snow-white; its tail, a whip of electrocytes which generated an electric shock, was covered with ample fluff, which stood up when it was charged with a high voltage. The most noticeable feature of its streamlined face was its sapphire-blue eyes, cold and harsh with bestial animosity to its beholder. These beautiful beasts had been, however, hunted and captured in efforts to domesticate them, which not only failed at its attempt, but also wiped out the Gancus population. 
Named the Black Gancus due to its metallic black color, the entire sword was made of a black alloy; its blade featured Gancuss fierce eyes subtly inscribed to reflect light at different angles. The interesting thing was that this sword didnt have a proper guard. It just had a piece of cloth wrapped around between the grip and the blade. It probably had that shape because the entirety of the sword was uniform. The length of the sword was about three quarters of a regular long sword. The whole design was for simplicity and speed, which appealed to Chases taste. At the very bottom of the blade, close to the grip, was an etched mark of a Maroa, its branches making right angles. The Maroa tree was the mark of the Dunnabels. Of course, out of so many armories in Sarum, some used the Maroa as their etched marks but each one had a slightly different shape and technique which made differentiating quite easy to experts. This one had been done by Chases grandfather in his prime. Ash had a number of weapons in his collection but this was the only one he had kept of Chases grandfather. Maybe that was why Chase had always been fond of it.
Thank you, Dad, Chase said to Ash, admiring his Black Gancus.
Go ahead and show it to your mom. She probably has something for you too. Ash turned Chases body toward the door. 
Okay, Chase said. It felt like a dream. It hadnt really occurred to him that he would leave his home and go on a journey of his own, but once he conceived the idea, it was like a fire that couldnt be extinguished. 
Hi, Mom. Can I come in? Chase asked at the door of Hazels workshop. She had a little arched window on the door and through it he could see her design sheets hanging on the wall. 
Come in, Hazel replied in a cheerful voice. Contrary to Ashs workshop, Hazels was a bit smaller and a lot more organized. Most of her tools were put away in drawers and if there was clutter in the space, maybe it was the design sheets hung on the wall. They depicted designs of swords, bows, suits of armor, gloves, spears, and other weapons for customization. As she was an avid reader and collector of books, she had bookshelves from floor to ceiling, filled with books.
When Chase entered the room, Hazel was busy finishing up her design for the recent order of gloves. She was an excellent artist; it didnt take her long to sketch a design that looked so real. However, she was seldom satisfied with her work so she would have to redraw until she got the right thing. Her trashcan was already full of crumpled pieces of paper. 
Look at this, Mom. Dad gave this to me. Chase presented his Black Gancus to Hazel who was sitting at her chair with a pencil in her hand. 
He gave that to you? Hazel said, so, what did you two talk about? Have you decided on leaving then?
Yes, pretty much. I think seeing a different world will be the right thing to do at this moment. Ive outgrown Salozara, Chase said as he gingerly touched the handle of his Black Gancus.
Well, I guess its about time. Hazel opened the bottommost drawer of her work table and fished out a book. Your dad and I made a little promise when you were born that when you come of age, we will give you one of our most precious treasures She gazed at Chases emerald-green eyes that sparkled just like her own. 
Hazel pushed a book toward Chase. Its worn leather cover didnt have a title but her name was written on it in tiny letters. Chase opened the book. Hazel had jotted down descriptions and rough sketches of all the animals, herbs, and insects that she had encountered in her life. She had told him about some of them, but there were also many that he had never heard of before. 
This is the best thing I can give to you. This is a piece of my knowledge and history. I started writing in this when I was about at your age. Id like you to refer to this when your dad and I arent there to answer your questions.
The book was heavy, each page of it bearing her fingerprints and her efforts. Looking between Hazel and her book, Chase realized that it wasnt just excitement that made her eyes glassy. She was seeing the little baby he used to be, the child who used to sneak in her workshop to play, and the man who now stood much taller with his unchanging smile, ready to leave home. 
Mom, dont be sad, Chase said. 
Im not, Chase. Im very excited for you, replied Hazel. She brushed back her unkempt hair from her face. 
Chase had lived his whole life in Salozara, a small town off the Mima forest. He had known every single person in it, and had mastered every hiding place. He had grown too accustomed to it, but upon leaving it, he felt a strange lurch in his stomach. He wasnt sure what the future would hold, but he sensed that he probably wasnt going to return home anytime soon.
Thank you for your support. I will make you proud, Chase said, courage filling his heart.

CHAPTER FOUR
Klaisers tense shoulders started bothering him again. His nightmare from the other night seemed to have worsened it. On top of that, there was going to be a council meeting. Sadie, his queen, suggested that he postpone it but he didnt want to let his bad condition affect the entire kingdom. A day of his being anything other than a good king, whether it resulted from his whim or poor health, could put his people between life and death, his father had always told him. A good king would not cancel a council meeting just because he was feeling unwell. Klaiser would never know what kind of a king he would be remembered as after his death, but just like his father, he hoped to be revered and loved by Sarum. Whenever this burning desire surfaced in his mind, his shoulders seemed to feel heavier, but it wasnt a mere burden. It was his pride and ambition as well.
The council meetings were held in the Council Hall in the palace. The Sarumese palace had been built on a natural hill which was fortified with an artificial mound. The slope was quite steep around the palace walls, which gave advantage to its defense line. The palace was composed of many different buildings, most of which didnt have any connection with one another. The free standing buildings all served different purposes and followed the shell structure of Sarums tradition. 
The shell structure referred to a strategic positioning of buildings according to their importance and intended purposes. The buildings in the palace were called Houses and the periphery of the shell structure had Houses dedicated to its defense line. There were armories, storage for weapons and armor, stables, and a place for the guards. With a garden to separate its space from the defense shell, the inner shell consisted of Servant Houses and Trade Houses. Each shells separation was clear with a spacious garden to surround inner shells, which had exquisite real-life-size statues here and there. 
The third shell consisted of Houses related to food and medicine. It had a particularly large garden cultivating herbs and vegetables served to the royals. The fourth shell consisted of the palace library, training field just for the royals, a House where doctors resided, the Council Hall, and a House which was provided for very special emissaries.
The fifth shell came with rows of tall, dense trees that grew vertically, which had some openings, functioning like gateways. The reason was that the fifth shell, the center of the palace, was where the royals lived, with the Kings House being in the very center amongst them. The walls of trees touting over the innermost shell gave the royals privacy at the same time serving as a clear sign of power. There were young royals Houses, then the Ladies Houses where the kings concubines lived, then a large pond, and then the Queens and the Kings Houses. Every royal member had his or her own House even though it didnt mean one had to stay there. Often the king would visit his queen or his Ladies and stay at their Houses.
The king customarily wore a robe with red and white plumes jutting out from the back. His crown boasted its exquisite beauty of the Sarumese art. The crown jewel was the world famous Eternal Glory, the largest rhophinia and the rarest form of photocalyx. 
Photocaylx referred to all stones that emitted light. They contained elements like Macenium, which emitted light only when the ambient light was lower than its own light would be, and Rancenium, which emitted light regardless of any condition. Depending on how much of these elements a photocalyx contained, the intensity and duration of light varied. Some photocalyx lasted for centuries, emitting consistent light, some lasted as short as couple days, and some gave out intermittent light.
A rhophinia was the priciest stone because of its rarity, hardness and stunning color, all of which exceeded those of diamond. In the rarest case, a rhophinia was also a photocalyx, emitting light; that rarest case was the Eternal Glory. It was the largest rhophinia that had shined since the early stage of Sarum, when it had once been a leading power in the Ippa continent. Bejeweled with the Eternal Glory, the crown sat upon Klasiers head, shining his pallid face. 
As Klaiser entered the Council Hall, all the nobles got up. There were two seats which were raised a bit higher than the rest of the seats, also being the closest to Klaiser. They were for the two Sages; one dealt with the military forces and the other dealt with the administration of Sarum. Both branches of the kingdom were of equal importance and the Sages were to work together and check each other on balance. The military branch officials wore red robes, including their Sage, hence the Red Sage, and the administration branch officials wore white robes, hence giving its Sage a title, the White Sage. 
After Klaiser seated himself on the throne, the two Sages sat down, and the rest of the nobles followed the Sages. 
I hereby commence the council meeting, Klaiser proclaimed. Derek Reynhart, the Red Sage, immediately spoke after the king. 
Your Majesty, I believe its about time to choose the heir. The princes have grown up and shown enough of their dispositions and capacities. Now is the right time for Your Majesty to make a decision, Reynhart said with a gruff voice. His voice combined with a long white scar on his neck, as thick as a tree trunk, carried certain unspeakable power in it. The white bumpy scar looked like a centipede crawling over his neck into his red robe. It was rumored that the wound took away the mobility of his neck, disabling him from turning his head at all. Nobody had seen him turn his head before.
At Reynharts remark, Klaiser burrowed his eyebrows in displeasure. As I said couple council meetings ago, its too early to pick the heir now. The youngest prince is barely old enough to be able to read. The entire weight of the kingdom will be on the heirs shoulders not too far from now. It is paramount that the most qualified prince becomes the heir, you all must agree. At this stage, I cannot make a judgment as to which prince would make the best king, Klaiser said dismissively. He had dealt with the nobles rushing the appointment of the heir ever since the third prince had been born. The nobles wanted to rule out the third prince from the competition.
The Red Sage paused a little bit before speaking again. His cold gray eyes didnt falter a bit when they met Klaisers irritated eyes. 
When you were chosen as the heir, you were a toddler, Your Majesty. Having the position of the heir empty threatens our national security and could potentially result in chaos if, all six gods forbid, a calamity should come upon Your Majesty. When the time came, regardless of the princes ages, all the former kings made their decisions. The time has come again. I beseech that Your Majesty will bring Sarum closer to complete stability by appointing the heir, Reynharts gruff voice filled the hall.
We beseech Your Majesty, all the nobles who agreed with Reynhart spoke in unison. 
Klaiser interlocked his fingers with the claws that protruded from the armrests of the throne and squeezed them tightly. 
I believe the real calamity is for me to choose my heir uncertainly, unwillingly. I was chosen as the heir then because it was apparent to the world that all my older brothers werent going to make a good king. This will not be brought up to the council meeting ever again until I believe its the right time, Klaiser said firmly. 
This is the best time to select the heir, Reynhart still pressed on, Prince Ian has grown up to be one of the fastest swordsmen in the kingdom. Hes calm and strategic. He will bring glory to Sarum, and most of all, he is your first-born son. In the long, rich history of our kingdom, most of our former kings were the first-born sons, Your Majesty. The long centipede-like scar wiggled as he spoke. At this remark, Dean Culbert, the White Sage, sitting on the opposite side of the Oval from Reynhart sneered. 
Might I add that it was with an exception of three kings, two of who are the greatest kings of all time, Red Sage, Culbert said condescendingly. And one of them is Your Majesty. The reason Sarum isnt the leading power of the continent right now is because of the old ideas like that. Being a Sage who is supposed to give Your Majesty uninfluenced and objective advice, you should be ashamed to have mentioned that Your Majesty should pick the first-born son because thats how it has been. I expected you to come up with a better reason to appoint Prince Ian as the heir than that, Culbert spoke tartly.
In contrast to Reynhart who had fought countless battles and earned himself many injuries, Culbert appeared more cultured and dignified. One of the most respected scholars in Sarum, he was eloquent, his tone stable and trustworthy. Customarily, the White and the Red Sages seldom got along, but Reynhart really hated Culbert. How a man who hadnt been in a single battle could claim to know anything, anything at all, irked him: Culberts small, pretty hands, his useless body that sat inside all day, and his sly tongue, the only asset he had, which called for change, while Reynhart and his men did the real job with their lives at stake. Whether to make that change Culbert talked about was essentially all up to Reynhart, but Culbert belittled the Red Half Council, the military branch, his contemptuous eyes always looking down on Reynhart. He hated those eyes. 
All the nobles seemed to hold their breath in a tense silence in the Council Hall, which seemed infinitely big today. The appointment of the heir was a very sensitive matter among the nobles particularly as it determined whose faction was going to gain power. Reynharts faction was with the first prince, Prince Ian, while Culberts faction was with the second prince, Prince Dorian. Culbert had always loathed the corruption that sprang from factions, even though in the current system it was impossible to stay out of it. Once the heir was determined, his followers would dominate the kingdom and make it so that they could stay in power for generations to come. This weakened Sarum and exploited its people. 
Hearing that from you is very ironic, White Sage. I just suggested whom I believed to be the most fitting for the throne. You suggest that our tradition of having the first-born prince as the heir hindered our kingdoms growth but its the very tradition that defines Sarum. In addition, I was merely making sure that the voice of our people was heard, that we need the heir, White Sage, Reynhart added with smug sarcasm. He bore his teeth, which were almost too large for his face and too perfectly aligned, giving him the look of an untamed animal. 
Stop, Klaiser said impatiently before Culbert could respond to Reynhart. I gave you my answer and it will not be brought up to the council meetings. Klaiser dismissed it. He knew it better than anyone that this was going to resurface very soon.
Klaisers first two sons were from Queen Sadie, and the third, the youngest, son was from Yulia who had once been a commoner before being promoted to a Kings Lady. The Sarumese kings usually had concubines whose status was ranked the second to the queen and they were given Ladyship. The king could have as many Ladies as he pleased. Producing many babies, especially sons, often equated to their political influence, attracting more followers, even though the power of the queen still remained much greater than that of a Lady as long as the queen produced at least one son. Thus, Sadie held a lot more power than Yulia because she had produced more sons than Yulia and they were the first two sons. 
Yulia didnt mind being in such a situation. She was much younger than Sadie and also much less ambitious. She was sweet and loving and didnt care about politics. All she did was to love Klaiser and her son. She didnt try so hard to compete with Sadie, because she knew Klaiser adored her more. When the heir was chosen, all the other princes would have to leave the palace. If Prince Ian or Dorian was chosen now, Prince Alex, Yulias son, would be forced out of the palace away from Yulia. It would tear her heart to have her little son separated from her. 
I will hold it off until hes older, Klaiser thought. 
Sometimes he caught himself feeling partial to Prince Alex. Taking after Yulia, Alex was a sweet little boy. His smile was just like hers. He then wondered if he was doing the right thing as a king, but soon he pushed that thought aside. If Alex has the caring heart of Yulia, he will be able to embrace his people. 
The two Sages were going at each other again and other nobles spoke up too. Trades, tariffs, laws, the Rogathian empress, it went on and on. They were all speaking their opinions, not feasible solutions. He felt weak and sick to his stomach. Suddenly, the pale face of the woman in his dream came back to him. He jolted his head up, which surprised the nobles. 
Are you okay, Your Majesty? Culbert asked. 
Yes, Im fine. Go on, Klaiser replied weakly. He looked outside the windows. 
His father was a good king, and it proved to be a challenge to Klaiser. Under the former king, the nobles werent as powerful; they wouldnt dare pressure him to do things and they were not allowed to have a sizeable private army. The former king was wise and never lost his tempo in effectively controlling the nobles, which established a better nation for the commoners, hence earning Sarums love. People called him King Royce, the Benevolent. Klaiser was not the same as his father. It was not that he was less intelligent. In fact, he was better at many fields of study than his father.
Culbert and Reynhart both had served his father. The moment Klaiser had claimed the throne, they seemed to feel entitled to ruling his kingdom, as if they still saw him as the little child heir he used to be; he was irritated to think that, but he still needed their advice. Klaiser didnt know how to overcome this dilemma. 
His shoulders and neck got tense again. He kept thinking of that woman in his dream. Im losing my mind, Klaiser thought in distress. He couldnt wait for the council meeting to be over.

CHAPTER FIVE
Chase arrived at the capital city of his district. It had been a monotonous journey since his departure from home and Chase was hungry and tired from a long ride. His horse too needed a rest. 
Different from his hometown Salozara, the district capital had an actual sign that greeted the travelers; Moongrave City, it read. The sign was raised on two thick wooden pillars which also served as an official gateway to the city. Salozara, Moongrave City and some other small towns were in the Osa familys district, a rising noble family in the administration branch. Their mansion was located in the heart of Moongrave City. Naturally, Moongrave City received more funds than the rest of the district to live up to its reputation as the district capital.
Chase remembered having visited here once in a while when his father, Ash, had traveled here to deliver his weapons to vendors and check out specialty shops. Chase didnt pay attention to little things then, but now he could notice the differences between Salozara and Moongrave City. The roads in Moongrave City were laid with flat stones, whereas Salozaras were just dirt roads, the city was guarded with walls, and the buildings in it tended to be larger and taller.
It was bustling with people but Chase didnt mind it. He dismounted from his horse and navigated his way along the main road, which was packed with shops and vendors. Seeing vendors was very amusing to him because in Salozara no one would come out and sell goods; everyone owned a house and used a half of it as his work place. However, in Moongrave City, that didnt seem like a common case at all. There were vendors with carts on the street, selling food, clothes, paintings, shoes, and even animals.
Chase was somewhat dazed at the sight of this different city. He was tired but also wanted to have a look around before the sunset. 
Chase found a shop with swords made of animal bones. What caught his attention was a long sword made with a femur of Krossoss, a beast with deep purple bones. They were very hard and dense with aesthetic color and sheen, and with proper processes to harden and sharpen them, they made quality swords. Ash hadnt dealt with Krossoss bones and Chase was intrigued to see them at the shop. 
The street was packed with people. Chase kept bumping into them as he approached the shop. 
As Chase was making his way to the shop, he suddenly sensed something. A hunch was the best he could explain it. It was a sensation that raised the hair on the back of his neck, as if a cold knifepoint came in contact with his bare neck. In the middle of the street bustling with people, Chase abruptly spun on his heels, his movement astonishingly sharp and in balance.
Ouch, a girl about at Chases age let out a groan. Chase felt a tug on his Black Gancus as it whipped her in her face. She had been walking behind Chase and got hit by the end of his Black Gancus. She held her face with her palm, looking embarrassed. She had pale blond hair with rosy cheeks, which were getting rosier after getting smacked.
Oh, Im sorry. Are you okay? Chase asked, feeling stupid to think what he must have looked like, spinning around in the middle of such a busy street. 
Im fine, she answered curtly.
I didnt see you there. I remembered I forgot something and had to go get it, Chase lied in effort to explain his erratic behavior.
Well, dont worry about it, she said, looking flushed, and swiftly left the scene, her blue linen dress flapping against her body as she ran. A trail of her sweet, floral scent lingered after she had left. It was unmistakably a scent of Maroa wine. 
The sky was changing its color and darkness started to settle. Chase and his horse were ready to get some rest overnight. 
How much is it for one night? I also have a horse, Chase said after entering an inn. 
500 gold coins in total, sir, the clerk answered him. 
Chase rummaged in his backpack for his money pouch. It was in a little bag with Hazels book. After a bit of futile attempt at it, he put his backpack off his shoulders and took a closer look inside it. 
The bag was gone. The bag that held his money pouch and Hazels book was nowhere to be found. 
He had a sizeable amount of money in that pouch. That was all he had saved up from his childhood, but the money pouch didnt bother him at all. It was Hazels book that made him furious with himself. How could he lose Hazels treasure? Nothing could replace that. He clearly remembered the last time he had used it and put it away then, an epiphany came over him. He got the same unpleasant sensation, though this time it was from his realization of what had happened. He had been pickpocketed by that girl from earlier today.
A strong character, Chase was, with a genuine aspiration to improve both his mind and body, unyielding and relentless, which had shined brightest in the most difficult times. This rendered him stubborn, however, his focus getting so keen as he executed his plans that he always got blinded by it. This was one of those moments again. There was absolutely no question about it; Chase must catch that pickpocket. 
Chase wildly looked around. There was no trace of her. The only thing he remembered about her was her dress, her pale blonde hair, and the scent of Maroa wine. He would have to finish it before dark. He was comfortable with night hunting but finding a person at night was a different matter, because it had to be that girl and nobody else. He had only about three hours until it got completely dark. It would be impossible to search every corner of the city.
If I was a pickpocket, what would I do after I just pickpocketed? Chase pondered, Id go home or somewhere no one can see me and then stash it somewhere. Would I come back out again? I wouldnt even go near the area again for a while. Id stay home but if Ive lived my whole life as a pickpocket, I might not even care about walking around, looking for another target The two theories collided within him, but, either way, he didnt have a clever way of catching her. The hope of somehow running into her again was pitiful but he would have to see if luck was on his side or the thiefs at this rate. Metilda seemed to speed up approaching the horizon. 
That smell of Maroa wine It looks like theres no other way. Chase recalled the smell of Maroa wine from her. Maroa wine was one of the most popular drinks in Sarum. People often enjoyed their meals with the wine, so she couldve simply had her meal before pickpocketing him. However, the amount one would have from her meal wasnt large enough to linger a scent. It was a scent that seeped in her clothes and her hair, which permeated the air like a perfume. 
Chases life had been very simple. He had more chances to interact with forest animals than with other people. His animalistic instincts and senses, which never came across as extraordinary to Chase, himself, were the products of the simplicity of his life, and they were truly marvelous. This was what Jovani had seen in Chase in the Mima, immature and unpolished, yet gleaming with immense potential. Partly from nature and partly from nurture, Chase was more of an animal than a human in his superior senses, for he could differentiate the levels of the faintest smells, concluding without difficulty that the pickpocket girl must work with wine in some way.  
Perhaps I can ask people at the wineries if they know any place where a blonde girl works. It will help narrow down my search much faster, Chase thought hopefully. 
Now the key was how fast he could do it. 
Excuse me, where are famous wineries here? Chase asked a passerby. 
There are several, but the largest one is Moores Winery over that way. The man pointed toward the Osa house of Terry Osa, the district leader. Its just a little west of the Osa house. 
Okay, thank you. Chase wanted him to list all the wineries but that was fine. If it was the largest one, perhaps it would have more networking. 
Now one corner of the sky started to turn purple. The night was coming. The market was still quite busy but was going to close shortly. Fortunately, the Osa house was easily seen from any place in the city due to its rather strange implementation of Rogathian architecture. 
Rogath was a powerful empire due north of Sarum and had a very different architectural style. The Rogathians often used a moat as a part of fortification of a site whereas the Sarumese built houses on a hill, natural or man-made, sometimes in combination. 
The Osa house was peculiar in that it had both Rogathian and Sarumese architecture combined. It sat on a high mound surrounded by a moat. Its most striking feature, however, was a bell tower and spires, which were uniquely Rogathian. It served as a famous landmark, which was now guiding Chases way to the winery. As he got closer and closer, the Osa houses grandeur got more real to him. The exposed bells of the tower were large enough to fit several people in each of them, and surely looked like their sound would reach every nook and cranny of the entire city. 
As he looked upon the bells, he recalled coming to Moongrave City with his father a long time ago. Then, Ash traveled to different places, getting the material for his orders or delivering the finished products by himself. Ash would sweep Chase off his feet, turn him upside down and flip him over his shoulders. Chase would then giggle and hold on to Ashs head as he crawled on Ashs shoulders. 
See those huge bells? Those are the emergency bells of Moongrave City. The bells ring seven times when theres an invasion from the outside, five times when theres a natural disaster, and three times when the king arrives at the city. I heard the sound once and it was such a beautiful sound that I just forget what Id been doing and listened to it, Ash said. 
What happens when the bells sound? Chase asked Ash. 
When they sound five or seven times, so during an emergency, people come out and go to the bunker underneath the Osa House. The bunker opens only during such situations. 
That sounds fun! Have you been in the bunker? Chase exclaimed. To the little mischievous boy he was, people gathering inside the bunker during an emergency sounded exciting. 
No, I havent, and hopefully never will. Everyone rushes to the bunker. I cant imagine being in that crowd myself.
Good times, Chase thought to himself. It felt strange to stand in front of the bell tower again, this time without his father. 
The winery was easy to find. It really was right next to the Osa house as the passerby had told him. Its wonderful scent shrouded the area. 
Knock Knock, Chase gave the door quick taps. No one answered. He gave another knock on the door; still no one. It was dark inside.
Oh, no. 
It must have closed. Chase sat down at the door. It was completely dark now. He started feeling anxious.
Other wineries are probably closed too. What should I do next? Chase thought, his hope vanishing quickly.
He looked at the sky blankly. Tellis was bigger in the sky today and its belt could be seen more clearly. A little bit of cloud floated here and there, looking somewhat sorrowful. Telliss soft green rays reflected off the bells, which in their grace shined like stars on the earth. Chase gazed at them longingly and temporarily forgot the disappointment with himself that marred his thought process. Suddenly, he got up on his feet. 
Desperate times call for desperate measures, Chase muttered under his breath. He had a feeling that coming all the way to this place wasnt for nothing after all. 

CHAPTER SIX
The Culbert family was one of the most powerful nobles that Sarum had ever produced. The Sages were handpicked by the king and approved by the Council, which meant Sageship was not hereditary. In most cases, the candidates for the Sages were pretty apparent to both nobles and the king. They were prominent figures who had achieved a great feat, had the majority of the nobles support, or come from a very powerful family. All these things were often interrelated; being from a rich family would gather more allies, which would then make achieving great deeds easier. Dean Culberts case was exactly like so. 
The Culbert family had been for centuries one of the richest nobles in Sarum. His ancestors had all been renowned scholars and living up to their reputation, his family had produced two Sages, including Dean Culbert. This had made the Culberts a leading power in Sarum.
Dean Culberts day usually started with reading a bundle of reports that came to his house every morning. The reports all came from his twenty five councilmen. They reported all the events that had happened, regardless of the significance of them. Some of them were concerns and suggestions, some were requests, some were simple reports of events and some were notifications of future events. As a Sage, he had to read all of them every day and respond to them immediately if they needed immediate actions. If the reported matter required all members inputs, Culbert would then open the White Half Council, which only the administration councilmen attended. The Red Sage, Derek Reynhart, led the Red Half Council and both halves completed the regular Council. The Half Council meetings were a lot more frequent and took place with Culbert as the chief without the kings presence. What was determined and approved from the Half Council was presented at the regular Council for the final approval from the king. 
Culbert worked like a clock. He always had a routine that he followed without a second of error. He valued his time more than anything; time, to him, was the most scarce and precious resource.  
Culbert vividly remembered the way he had felt when he had first seen the face of the king. He was then a little boy visiting the palace with his grandfather, the first Sage from his family. Life in the palace seemed so exciting and fun. It was teeming with so many people doing their jobs and all of them respected his grandfather, Nathaniel Culbert. He thought it was odd that people he had never seen before in his whole life treated the little boy he was with such respect, using honorifics when addressing him. He didnt really understand what being a Sage meant at that time. 
At the end of his visit, he ran into a man in a suit of armor as red as fire. He was standing alone in a vast training field all by himself with another person at the far end of it, who looked to be his trainer. The armor glistened under Metilda, which brought out the red in it.
That man in the red armor is King Royce, the Wise, Nathaniel Culbert whispered to Dean. Despite the good distance, Dean Culbert could see the sweat beads on the kings forehead and his satisfied smile. The king stood like a boulder, which even storms and lightening couldnt harm. Dean saw a halo around his head. 
My king. Dean mumbled to himself, dumbstruck. 
However, those days fizzed into thin air in a blink of an eye. The king then and his grandfather had died a while ago and sadly enough, Culbert couldnt see any resemblance of the king he had met in the current king. Time was brutal. Before too long, he would die and become a part of the past. He couldnt die without changing Sarum. One to conceive the right ideas and possess necessary power to implant them was one thing, but for him to make them come true was another. It would be a waste and a sin for him to have them all but fail to bring them to reality. He couldnt die before then. He just could not allow it. 
The Culbert house had about hundred servants, which were quite modest for a house that not only had one but two Sages in its history. There was only one who directly served Dean Culbert and his name was Cory. Cory had been serving Culbert ever since he had been born so even though Cory was now old and frail, he trusted Corys loyalty and competence as the chief servant. 
Cory, as usual, had put Culberts morning tea by his bed and made a clean stack of reports on Culberts desk in his study. Wherever Culbert was, Cory was always there to serve him, normally waiting behind a door. Because Culbert had a very precise schedule, punctuality was a must for Cory. 
Culbert woke up, had a cup of lemon tea and went to his study to read the reports. Culbert spotted a letter with a gold taping on its side. The gold tapings indicated that the letter was of high importance that needed his immediate attention. He opened it. 
White Sage, Terry Osa from the Moongrave district has increased the revenue of the district, built many schools, established foreign affairs, and built roads connecting major cities. Since his term started, the Moongrave district has flourished. Recognizing his feat, we would like to recommend him to the Council. It was signed by many nobles. 
If the suggestion was signed by more than a half of the Half Council, then it had to be presented at the regular Council regardless of Culberts opinion. Such a case was seldom and this one as well didnt come close to getting the approval rate. However, Culbert had been receiving this proposal for quite a while. He didnt give it much consideration at first because the number of proposals was small but it had grown ever since. If he was against the proposed matter, he could reject it every time he received the proposal until it earned more than a half of the votes, if it ever did. The Sages considered it as a dishonor to be overridden by nobles that way and they tried not to let it go that far. 
Culbert read all of the reports for the day and wrote all the responses to be sent out via Cory except for the Osas induction to the Council. 
Dont send them out until I tell you to do so, Culbert said to Cory as he walked out of his study. 
Yes, Master, Cory replied. 
He walked down the aisle whose one side was open to the courtyard in his house. 
The Sarumese dedicated a great portion of their land to gardens and the Culbert property also boasted a beautiful garden. His house had been built around a Blue Maroa found in the Sarumese archipelago in its eastern sea. The Blue Maroas had blue leaves with white rims which made them look very exotic. They grew denser with a lot more twigs and also werent as tall as the other Maroas. This house had been designed by his grandfather, Nathaniel, when he had become a Sage. He had added some uncommon elements to his property, to which Dean Culbert was headed now. 
On one side of the wall surrounding the courtyard, a water cave stood like a large recessed fountain. The water was flowing away from the courtyard, into the pitch black pit of the cave. Culbert took off his nightgown without any hesitation and dipped in the water. The temperature was comfortable even for a body that woke up not too long ago. Cory waited by the cave, and watched Culbert get carried away by the current. 
This was the irrigation system for the Culbert propertys garden. The irrigation pipes went around the Culbert property like a spider web, which spanned a massive piece of land. Nathaniel Culbert had liked to collect trees as a hobby and as a result, the Culbert property was filled with unique trees, most of which required climate control. Trees outside were those that could grow in the climate of Central City, the capital of Sarum and home to the Culbert property, and those that came from different climates grew in his conservatory. The trees water supply was from the irrigation pipes, which provided a continuous source of water. Being the creative mind he was, Nathaniel Culbert decided to make the main pipe accessible from the courtyard, expanding the main pipe to fit people. He also made some exits throughout the main pipe but only Dean knew their locations, as no one other than the head of the family was allowed to use the main pipe. 
Dean Culbert loved the way the water felt on his skin. The water cave started from the house but soon it went underneath the ground. At the very beginning there was no light. It was black everywhere and opening eyes didnt make any difference to his perception of the surroundings, which naturally drew his instinctive fear. However, that was the reason that it was Culberts favorite part of the whole route. Not seeing seemed to amplify his other senses; the sounds of sloshing water, the currents tickling his submerged skin, and the damp smell of water all made him keen and sharp. It somehow cleared his mind.
Soon, something soft brushed against Culberts floating hand. Then another one of the same kind started caressing his feet. Culbert opened his eyes and gently patted the water creatures that came to see him. These large fish, much bigger than Culbert, were a couple of Minons that lived at the bottom of a river where light hardly reached. These gentle herbivores lived in the Kshandyan waters down south. Their high intelligence and curiosity made them good friends of humans. Bringing them from Kshandya, a tribal nation of jungle must have been no easy work, because the Kshandyans would not have any foreign relation with Sarum or other countries whatsoever. Culbert didnt know how his family had managed to get them. As long as Culbert could remember, the Minons were always there to greet him in this waterway.
Minons tail fins fanned out gracefully and their dorsal fins stood up vertically, waving as part of the water all in their suppleness. The female Minon was silver with reflective dots on her sides and the male Minon was bright coral with much larger fins that had translucent stripes. Males were known to produce light from their bodies but Culbert had noticed that the male Minon got dimmer over days. They were mere fish but they were always together in the water tracks. Whenever Culbert came down for his daily meditation, they would visit him, sometimes begging to play. They were encircling him, occasionally touching him with their fins. Culbert reached out and ran his palms over their bodies. 
Up ahead, a cluster of tiny lights loomed. Culbert turned over on his back and looked up to the ceiling; photocalyx of different sizes, colors, and intensity of light studded the top half of the water track, looking like the night sky. Minons now swam to the bottom of the water track, knowing Culbert wasnt going to pay attention to them once he began floating on his back. The ombre green planet, the blue star, the golden moon and the moon of the eye were all depicted with different colors of photocalyx. Gazing at them, Culberts mind started to wander. The request to promote Osa as a member of the Council bothered him. 
Terry Osa had been born in Rogath, Sarums long-time foe. Osas mother had been in political exile from Rogath and had found her refuge in Sarum, so Osa had spent most of his time that he could remember in Sarum, as a Sarumese citizen, but Culbert felt that Rogath always lingered in Osa. Thats something Culbert couldnt understand about him. If it was true that his relatives were slaughtered in the aftermath of failed coup dtat, and that the rest of his family just barely escaped the unforgiving blade of death in the nick of time, why would he still retain Rogath in himself? Osa undoubtedly was a clever man. Osa revamped the Moongrave district to an unprecedented level. He strengthened the districts security level, promoted education by building schools, created many jobs, and undertook a grand project of making roads that connected Moongrave City to many other cities, which reenergized the market, bringing huge profits to the district, just to name a few. He seemed well-loved by his citizens.
Why would a smart man like him display his heritage that could be used against him? Why would he retain Rogath that killed his family and drove him out? Why would he have a house that uses Rogathian architecture as he should know its such a symbolic sign of who he is?. If he wanted to climb to the top of Sarum, he should know his Rogathian heritage is going to be in his way, Culbert pondered as he floated along the current. 
Culbert saw a desperate need to reform; Sarum needed to get rid of the old ideas that prevented it from stepping forward to a leading power. Sarum had been stalling at one place while all the other nations had moved forward. However, accepting a foreign-born noble to the Council was not part of his reformation. With that tattooed neck, how could one see him as a Sarumese? Culbert thought. To him, everything about Osa was too contrived, out of place. 
Osa was remotely related to a Rogathian noble of high status, perhaps at the same level of the Council here in Sarum. His family had been involved with the revolutionary forces against the Rogathian king and after the horrible failure of the coup dtat, all those involved in it got executed. Osas father was killed but he and his mother escaped and sought refuge in Sarum. 
There was a strange custom of tattooing the faces of recognizable officials in Rogath, and the Osas werent an exception. The tattooing ceremony took place when the noble babies turned one year old. The tattoos were very abstract, but their tattooing technique was outstanding, which made the tattoos appear natural and seamless. Luckily, Osa only received the first phase of the tattooing ceremony, for the tattooing had various phases depending on ones rank. It started from the neck. Then as the noble baby grew to become a higher ranking official, another pattern of tattoo would be given to his cheeks, then his nose bridge, and then his eyes, making a seamless transition from his neck to his eyes as if wearing a mask. The patterns differed for each rank, and the only one with the forehead tattoos was the empress. 
Culbert scorned this strange custom of Rogath. There were plenty other ways to manifest ones rank without resorting to a permanent mark on ones face. Osa had those strips of tattoos under his ears on his neck and Culbert couldnt bear to look at him. 
Culbert tried to be objective. There had been several attempts from Rogath to assassinate Osa and his family and that alone should tell Culbert that Osa no longer belonged to Rogath; but the Rogathian king who had wiped out the revolutionary forces was in the end overthrown by Agrippa, the current Rogathian empress. In a way, Osa and Agrippa were both against the same foe, the only difference being that Osas family failed and Agrippa succeeded. There was no reason for Osa and Agrippa to be enemies; that alone was too dangerous.
On the other hand, Osa now had a lot to lose if he betrayed Sarum. His Moongrave district was flourishing and Osa wouldnt risk losing it unless he had a more lucrative prize in Rogath for betraying Sarum.
While Culbert was pondering, the water had taken him throughout the loop. Now all the photocalyx on the ceiling disappeared and darkness came again. The current was getting a lot faster and stronger. Culbert held his breath. The water dragged him in a ferocious eddy and pushed him up, out to the water cave in his courtyard. Culbert got up, with his bare front facing the courtyard out into the open. Having been waiting there all along, Cory handed plush towels to Culbert. Right then and there, Culbert dried his naked body with the towels and put on his garments.
He went straight back to his study and took out the proposal that suggested Osas promotion. Declined, Culbert signed and gave it with all the rest to Cory.
You can send them now.
Yes, Master, Cory complied and left to give them to the mail deliverer of the house. 
Culbert leaned back in his seat. His wet gray hair was dripping water on his shoulders but he didnt even notice. He was too engrossed in his trail of thoughts. 
When Sarum and Rogath were founded, Rogath was a small nation consisting of unruly, wild tribes of the north. Sarum was then located along the coast and was more thin and vertical in its shape. It was also much larger than Rogath. At the time, the three nations to the west of Sarum Decarta, Gatimore and Vandice had been one nation under Decarta before Gatimore and Vandice proclaimed themselves as independent nations. It used to be a race among Sarum, Rogath and Decarta, although Rogath was too small and weak, Sarum wasnt really interested in conquests, and Decarta had constant internal disintegration in its government. 
Compared to Decarta and Sarum, Rogath had no culture or history to talk about. Decarta, being the oldest of the three, had a long history and Sarum valued beauty and legacy. Rogath didnt even bother to create its own language. Rogath took Sarumese language and tweaked it to differ and called it Rogathian. Unlike Decarta and Sarum, Rogath was void of all things that enriched their culture, or so it seemed to the Sarumese. 
However, Rogath had one goal and it never failed to run toward its goal: to conquer. Its laser focus stimulated the growth of war science and after many years it became Rogathian culture itself. Rogath accepted and embraced all the good things they saw in whom they had conquered. Whether it was food, people, weapons, or art, Rogath absorbed it all. The Sarumese said it was crude and barbaric that the Rogathians didnt know how to make their own and knew only to take others, as originality was one of the praised values of Sarum. 
Nevertheless, what won was clearly Rogaths indiscriminant desire for power. This made Culbert bitter. As a member of the historical family that served the Sarumese kingdom for generations, Culbert was proud of Sarums rich culture in which people valued originality and hard work. The Rogathian attitude to replace the old as fast as possible and get everything new and better appeared only as a quick fall to demise. 
But it wins. It produces greater outcome. It conquers. The new conquers the old. Culbert thought to himself. Why did I decline promoting Osa then? Hes done an excellent job. The only thing that bothers me about him is his origin, which doesnt affect his performance as a councilman He inhaled and exhaled deeply. Sometimes, there were things that lay between his yes and no, black and white. Whenever tested with this gray zone, he would spend hours and hours, trying to weigh which was better, which one pointed to his ideals. 
Culbert shook his head and got up from the seat. Cory, he called out. Were going to the palace. Get ready. Perhaps his king could talk some ideas with him.

CHAPTER SEVEN
Everyone rushes to the bunker. Ashs saying echoed in Chases ears. If I cant find you, I will make you come to me, Chase thought. Swimming across the moat and climbing the walls of the Osa house wasnt much of a task to Chase. He had dealt with many cases in which he had to climb mountains, hold his breath in the water for a painfully long time, and lie motionlessly for hours even when he had a cramp in his legs and a bee sting on his nose. Avoiding the guards would be just like ambushing his target. The core principle of hiding his presence was the same. The moat wasnt nearly as bad as some other waters hed been in before. At least it didnt have a whirlpool or man-eating fish. The problem was, however, the consequence of hoaxing a fake alarm. 
For him to ring the bells, he would have to cross the Osa property without permission, and faking the alarm was another crime. The combination of the two could have his hands severed, if he got caught. The thought scared him a little. He couldnt imagine losing his hands in such a humiliating manner. He had only one solution: not to get caught. 
Lets go, Chase muttered as he hid behind the shadow of the winery. He opened his bag of gears. He brought two climbing gears, a set of hooks that wrapped around his knuckles and spikes on his feet, and a pulley rope that could pull him up at a slow speed. The former was the fast gear normally used for a relatively soft surface and the latter was more suitable for a hard surface that could provide a secure grip for the rope. The brick walls would be hard for the hooks and spikes to penetrate but it would be faster for him, while the pulley rope would be relatively easy but would expose him in action a bit longer. He grabbed the hooks and put them on his hands. He decided time was the most important factor; he wanted to get over the wall as fast as he could.
Chase put the triangular spikes on his shoes. He couldnt walk normally with the gears on, so he had to walk flat-footedly. Chase carefully tightened his backpack around his shoulders and waist, and snuck in behind the building closest to the Osa house. The main entrance connected to the ground over the moat had several guards keeping careful watch on the area. 
Chase watched the surroundings for a little bit to find the perfect moment. The area lost its crowd now and there was hardly anyone to be seen. It was dark enough. 
Now, Chase spoke inwardly as he flat-footedly darted toward the moat. The backpack and his climbing gears were tightened to his body so nothing made any noise to give out his location. He got on his stomach on the ground immediately when he came to the water. At this point, no one was going to spot him. 
Calm down. Chase tried not to get excited. The water was thick with slimy algae but Chase didnt mind. Hed done much worse. He didnt feel the need to stay underwater. He minimized his motion and took his time to cross the moat. The more excited he got, the slower he needed to move because that was often when he made blunders. All of a sudden, ringing the bells seemed like a mission of its own. Finding the pickpocket and getting his belongings back didnt occupy any part of his brain now. All he could think about was how to get to the bells without getting noticed. 
Here we go. Chase began climbing. Each strike he made with his hooks and spikes was noisy. Normally, a wall like this wouldnt have posed any difficulty for him but he had to be a little more careful to find the right place to latch on and keep quiet and swift at the same time. 
Do you hear that? One of the guards at the entrance asked another.
What, that clinking sound? 
Yeah.
Eh, its probably nothing, Another guard said without much interest.
Well, if you heard it too then we need to check it out. Call two more guards up front so we can leave. 
Okay, but I bet ya its nothing. 
When Chase was three quarters of his way up the wall, he could hear some movement on the other side of the Osa property. He stopped moving and listened on. 
Ive gotta take a piss. 
Dont do it here. If the lord found out, hed have your head. The two guards were carelessly having their conversation. 
From their voices, Chase could roughly measure their distance away from spotting him. They werent very far. They could turn around the corner at any second. He looked down at the ground. He wouldnt have enough time to dive in the moat and hide without making ripples. Chase pulled out one of his spikes and pushed it up deep inside the mortar. He let go of the rest of his limbs and then stepped on just that one spike with all of his weight on it. It was a risky move. He then reached as high as he could with his hook and kicked himself up. With such momentum, he pivoted around the top of the wall and swung over it, landing on the other side of the wall. It was done immaculately, though a thump was inevitable. Chase froze in action after the landing and listened. 
See, I told you it was nothing. It must have been an owl or something. 
Fortunately for Chase, the guards didnt seem to have heard the thump of his landing. 
Inside the walls was beautifully landscaped. There wasnt anybody out in the yard at that time so Chase quickly detached his gears from himself and moved forward. The bell tower was even taller up close. There were residents in that tower but they seemed mainly servants and guards, for no Osa would live in such a humble place. He ran behind a Maroa tree next to the tower. He climbed it so the shadow from the leaves would hide him. From the look of it, the tower had couple or so stories on the ground. The rest of the bell tower was a spiral staircase straight to the bells.
These first couple stories are probably occupied by the bell guards, Chase thought. The key here was stealth. No one should hear or see him. 
Chase decided to skip the first couple stories and go directly to the stairs from the ground. The bell tower was built a lot sturdier with stones and his previous climbing equipment wouldnt work on it. He just had to endure it and use the pulley rope. It would take a little longer but the Osa house didnt seem to keep vigilant eyes on the inside of the property. He took out his ropes from his backpack and quietly jumped off the tree. Then he moved from bush to bush, keeping a low profile. He aimed at the opening of the tower that led directly to the stairs. Since the bell tower didnt serve any other purpose than having the bells, no physical window had been installed. These openings on the side of the tower were going to be another doorway for Chase. 
Chase threw the hook connected to the rope through one of the openings. It clicked against the wall as Chase pulled it taut. He made sure that it was secure and then climbed the surface of the tower.
When he came inside the tower, it was nothing but a long spiral staircase that connected the bells to the guards quarters on the ground. Even though it served a very important role in Moongrave City, because of its rare use, the tower had only what was absolutely necessary. The sterile environment was dark with only a few lights barely bright enough to give him a sense of how tall the tower was from the inside. From below him, he could hear the chatting of the guards. It was a relief that they were loud so they couldnt hear him. 
Chase ran up the stairs for a long time. The stairs came beneath him as though they were rolling under his feet, trying to push him off the track. The view before his eyes was so monotonous that he was feeling slightly disoriented. The topmost story of the tower, above which the bells hung, had a square door which leading to the bells. 
If Chase got giddy from the height and fell from the stairs, hed fall straight to the very bottom through the shaft of emptiness surrounded by the spiral staircase. The height didnt bother Chase but what made him nervous was the prospect of finding the bell guards beyond this square door. It would be troublesome, if the guards spotted him cracking the door open. He swallowed hard and looked around himself. There was no way he could escape this tower out of the Osa property without getting caught, if the guards happened to make commotions. 
Chase grabbed his collapsible blow gun. Whoever was up there would immediately have to fall asleep when he opened the door. His heart in his mouth, Chase cracked the square door open just enough for his eyes. As Chase had dreaded, the door creaked and the two guards who were guarding the bells instantly looked to Chases direction. Chases peeking eyes met with the guards. With his heart pounding madly in his ears, Chase blew out his blow darts just as instantly as they had spotted him.
Argh, the bell guards yelped as the blow darts lodged inside their flanks. When the guards pulled the darts out and looked at them, the poison had already been injected. It was a nerve paralyzing poison whose effect was transient, but was one of the most fast-acting formulas Chase had. The guards shuffled with great endeavor and fell straight on their faces to the floor.
Checking the surroundings carefully, Chase came up through the door into the open air, caged by geometric beams that held the bells. On the floor there was a lever that would move all the bell hammers. 
Chase set up his pulley apparatus on the beam for a quick escape and then took off the guards clothes. Chases clothes were wet from swimming through the moat earlier and he reckoned that the guards uniform might be useful.
You will be okay by tomorrow, I think, Chase said to the guards who were paralyzed from head to toe. 
Everything was good now. He was ready for it now. He pushed the lever five times. The hammers struck the bells and their loud, clear sounds reverberated throughout the city. 
Moongrave City was visibly responding to the sounds. One by one, windows lit up and some came out their doors to check out what was going on. Now, Chases duty here was done. Chase quickly wrapped his foot around the rope and grabbed it with one hand, while the other hand controlled the other side of the rope over the pulley. He let gravity take him down. After he had landed, he yanked the rope from the beam to retrieve it. 
Soon, the front gates of the Osa property opened up. Until they investigated and let everyone in charge know that it was a fake alarm, the door guards would do what theyd been trained to do: open the gates and let people into the bunker. People were already entering the gates now. Five strikes meant there was a natural disaster severe enough to jeopardize the citizens safety and even though there was obviously no apparent change in the environment, people automatically left their houses and rushed to the Osa house. Nobody checked the peoples identities. This was perfect for him. The darkness of the night covered him up and he could safely move from the bell tower to the front gate, hopping from one bush to another. Then he blended in the crowd.
You made this way more complicated than it should have been, Chase thought as if he was speaking to the girl in his head, I will catch you no matter what. Chase followed others through the stairs that opened up beneath the ground. 

CHAPTER EIGHT
Your neck is open. Swing your sword with your hips, not just with your arms! Look at his blade, not at his face! 
Master Boone was yelling at the two princes in the royal training field. From the past, there was a Sarumese proverb that even the king had a teacher. This meant that a learner was always below a teacher and had to treat him with the utmost respect. It wasnt true that the king actually had a teacher per se. He had the Sages as his advisors, but the princes did have teachers, who ranked higher than the princes without interacting with other nobles to discuss any of domestic or international affairs. Their sole duty was to teach, nothing else. 
Master Boone was the princes trainer who was the only person who didnt use honorifics to address the princes when teaching. He believed formality between a trainer and his students hindered fluid communication. 
Prince Ian and Prince Dorian were dueling with each other. Ian was about two years older than Dorian and was also a much better swordsman, but Dorian was not a sort to give up. Their wooden swords pierced the air to jab at each other. Ian was turning into a man now, but Dorian wasnt quite at that stage yet. Naturally, Ian had physical dominance over his little brother; he had longer reach, more strength that delivered powerful blows and more years of training. 
Ian fended off Dorians well-delivered attack to his flank and quickly slammed Dorians thigh, flowing from his defense move. Dorian yelped in pain. The wooden swords might not cut but they could certainly bruise and in some cases break a bone. Ian was fast and smooth. He seemed to know instinctively the best next move. There was an easy flow to his style that Dorian couldnt mimic. Dorian backed up, pointing his sword toward Ians chest. Ian lowered his stance and struck his sword to Dorians, pushing it backward with a loud noise, opening Dorians torso for another attack. 
Too big of a swing! Dont hold your sword so far away from your pivot when you know your opponent is stronger than you! Master Boone yelled. Ian darted close to Dorian with his sword raised at an angle, ready to slash his little brothers chest, but Dorian this time turned his torso away from Ian, dodging the attack with a narrow margin. 
Dont turn around and be happy that you dodged it. Transition it into your next move! Master Boone yelled at Dorian but Ian already approached Dorian, this time aiming for the arm. Ian hit it very hard, which disabled Dorian from fighting any longer.
That was a good match. Both of you have improved. Ian, remember that the more you use your body when you swing your sword, the more powerful it will be, but the harder it becomes for you to transition it into your next move. You always have to find the middle ground between your striking power and defense, Master Boone said. Dorian, I see a lot of improvement in you but you need to practice like this is a real fight. Your enemy wont let you take a breath after you dodge their attacks. They will bombard you with a chain of attacks and you either need to dodge them all or poke through their weak spots when they swing around their weapons.
I know, but once I get hit, its hard to maintain my stance, Dorian answered, annoyed that he kept making the same mistake. 
Dorian looked just like Sadie. He got her light brown hair and hazel eyes. Sadie usually had her full wavy hair braided with strands of golden threads or gemstone clips, the traditional way the queen wore her hair, but Dorian didnt have her wavy locks. He had relatively thin, straight hair, which he got from Klaiser, but just the color from Sadie. Sadie and Dorian both had little button noses and very prominent jaw lines. These gave Dorian a strong, charismatic vibe and Sadie a regal charm which suited her well as a queen.
On the other hand, Ian resembled Klaiser more than Sadie. He had that pallid countenance, long, veiny limbs, and the slim body which resulted also from a lack of appetite. He was also more reserved than Dorian, and their differences both in their looks and personalities seemed to have caused a rivalry, though it was always Dorian, the younger of them, who openly displayed this.
Ian wiped the sweat off his forehead.
Lets do one more round, this time with Vito, Dorian said in his cheekiness. Dorian hated losing. When he was to compete like this, he wouldnt want to end it until he won. Ian was definitely superior to Dorian in terms of skills but Dorian had more endurance. Dorian knew that too. 
There wont be another match between you two today. But if you want, you will have one with me, Master Boone said. 
Dorian rolled his eyes, not sure if he wanted to agree to it. 
Give me a little break, then I will do it, Ian said to Master Boone, as he received the cold water his servant handed him. Ian never got too excited, never raised his voice or lost his calm. When the princes were little, they used to genuinely like each other, often playing hide and seek in the palace, but now they were old enough to know that their fates didnt overlap. Both Ian and Dorian were aware that once either one of them got chosen as the heir to the throne, the other would have to leave the palace, the only place in whole Sarum that they knew. 
Both princes had very seldom left the palace. It was strongly discouraged and Sadie scolded them for leaving the palace without a good reason. When they were younger, they used to dress as commoners in worn dirty clothes and go outside the palace. They bought little cheap toys made out of sticks and rubber bands from the market and enjoyed street food together. Everything outside the palace was so different; people didnt care to speak properly, they screamed and laughed on the streets, all the kids were friends with one another it was just a lot more vibrant and liberating. 
One day, Ian and Dorian were playing ball with other kids just outside the marketplace. The kids were about at Ians and Dorians ages and didnt bother to ask them about their backgrounds. Their names were all the kids cared to know. Everyone was there simply to play.
Playing with the kids who werent afraid to knock them down was exhilarating. Back in the palace, everyone treated them like adults, and they couldnt have friends. Sometimes nobles children would come and play with them, but they were too afraid that they might hurt Ian and Dorian. Life outside the palace was refreshing in that respect. These kids on the street wouldnt care if Ian and Dorian kept losing a game. They would always do their best, as did Ian and Dorian. They could all be playful children. 
The fun didnt last very long. Their game ended shortly, when the guards had showed up. The princes had no idea how the guards knew where they were.
Stop right at this moment! How dare you put your dirty feet before them! Do you know who these are? These are Prince Ian and Prince Dorian! The guard leader came out, savagely pushing the kids around the princes. The guards were menacingly big and fully armed. The kids started crying. 
We need to go back to the palace, Your Grace. The queen has ordered us to bring Your Grace to the palace immediately.
What do you think you are doing? These are my friends, and you wont treat them this way in front of me! Apologize to them now! Ian yelled at the guard leader but he didnt comply. Two of the guards approached the princes and lifted them over their shoulders and carried them out by force. Ian and Dorian kicked and struggled but they couldnt get out of the guards grip.
After this incident, Ian and Dorian went out of the palace just couple more times to realize that they were constantly watched, that they could never be free from the palace, and that they werent welcome there anymore outside the palace. Dorian kept encouraging Ian not to care about Sadie or how fearful the kids acted after that, but Ian seemed to have lost his interest in doing anything with Dorian. Ian stopped talking much at all after that, and Dorian hadnt seen him laugh again since then. Perhaps Ian grew up or grew tired of getting in trouble for being adventurous. Perhaps Ian was blaming Dorian for being caught. Dorian had no idea. He was worried at first but it soon turned into disappointment. To Dorian, Ians change in attitude was his surrender to authority, their mother and the rules of the palace, but strangely everyone seemed to respect Ian more for this change. Ian chose to please others, giving up on what he liked. 
You act all mature and reserved but in reality, you are just a coward, you didnt stand for what you thought was right and you gave in under pressure. Dorian stared at Ian bitterly. He hated to admit it but he was hurt and confused. They used to be the best friends. They used to do everything together. Now all the nobles are discussing whos going to be the king between you and me. Is that why you cold-shoulder me? Is that why my favorite brother has disappeared forever, because you want to be the king, and drive me away from the palace? Dorian thought. 
Oblivious to Dorians thoughts, Ian gulped down the cold water and sat down on one of the seats placed around the training field. Ian always looked so unaffected, so calm, and so hard to reach. 
Is that how a king should be? Dorian gazed at Ian intently.
Master Boone came over and put his hand on Dorians shoulder. When Dorian looked up, Master Boone was looking at Ian just as Dorian was a minute ago. 
Dont feel anxious. Your opponent is within yourself. Dont look elsewhere. Just go with your belief, he said gently, not as a teacher but as a sincere adviser. Dorian didnt say anything. Master Boone gave his shoulder an encouraging tap. Do you want to duel with me? Master Boone asked, again back to the usual stern teacher he was. Dorian nodded. Discard your sword. As you requested, you are allowed to use Vito but I will use it too.
Okay. 
Come, then. Master Boone lowered his stance. 
The royal blood had been notorious for its lack of Vito. Everyone was born with a varying amount of Vito, some more than others perhaps, but the Sarumese royals for centuries hadnt produced a person with decent Vito. It increased ones ability depending on how he trained to use it, how much he had it, how synchronized it was with him, and what type he was. 
There were four different types of Vito known today: Self-generator (Generator for short), Ambient Absorber (Absorber for short), Distributor, and Parasitic Absorber (Parasite for short). Self-generating type, as it was named, could generate Vito in his body. Self-generated Vito was highly synchronized with the user, which meant it was easier for him to use it at his will. Ambient Absorbing type could draw in the Vito from the surroundings within a certain range and absorb it into his body. The range of absorption varied greatly for each user, as well as its synchronization and its absorption rate. Distributors could spread the synchronized Vito in his body out to the space without losing the synchronization. As with Ambient Absorber, Distributors also varied in their ranges and their distribution rates. Parasitic Absorbers could steal someones Vito, desynchronize it, and then absorb it into their bodies. Even though these were extremely rare in humans, it was reported that there were some capable of absorbing Vito parasitically.
One could have many overlaps among these types. One could be a dominant Ambient Absorber with a bit of Self-generating and Distributing, or a dominant Generator with a bit of Absorbing and Distributing, and so on. However, it was extremely hard to excel in more than one type, which was why people often labeled a person with just one type. 
In Dorians case, he was a weak Absorber. Ian was also an Absorber just like Dorian, but he had less talent for Vito. Both of them were completely incapable of Self-generating and Parasitic Absorbing. Those who lacked the Self-generating ability altogether normally struggled with synchronization in general, so even though Dorian was a better Absorber than Ian, his synchronization was about at the same level as Ians. This meant that Dorian had as much trouble using Vito as Ian, despite his better range of absorption. 
Master Boone was a versatile Vito user and he liked to switch up his type for different moves. This made him an excellent teacher. 
While Ian was watching, Dorians match began. As soon as the match started, Dorian drew in all the Vito he could get in his range, about a foot away from all around his body, but at that instant, Master Boone also drew in the Vito in his range, which interfered with Dorians range. Master Boone didnt have to absorb Vito from the outside because he could Self-generate but he wanted to put Dorian in various situations where Dorian was pushed to his limit. 
This meant that whoever had a faster rate of absorption would take more Vito. Of course, Master Boones rate was much higher than Dorians. One could feel Vito within his range, so having a large range also helped with figuring out the Vito configuration in the space. Dorian could feel the interference from Master Boone in his range. Master Boone had never done this during their training before. Dorian was taken aback by this new move of his teacher but tried not to show it. 
Dont just stand there. Its good that you dont show that my range bothers you because if you did show, I would think you lacked Self-generating, but in your case, all you have is within your range. You cant afford to lose it. I would quickly figure out after a couple of attacks that you arent a Generator. Youve got nothing if I absorb all the Vito in your current range, so what should you do? Master Boone said. 
I should move, Dorian replied as he jumped back out from Master Boones range. 
If I knew for sure that you cant Self-generate, I would come after you so that you cant escape my range but your opponent wont know that not immediately anyway, so he wouldnt want to keep you too close in his range either. For this match, assume that I dont know your type, okay? Here we go. Master Boone bolted toward Dorian. 
Master Boone got rid of all his absorbing range, which he wouldnt do for a really fast opponent or multiple opponents who might get behind him. There was no need for it here. In a duel, he preferred to collapse his range and focus on Self-generating. Master Boone strengthened his hands slightly with Vito and tried to strike Dorian on the arm, which Dorian dodged as he felt the disturbance in his range. Master Boones movement was smooth and quick, and he often used dirty tricks, as Dorian called them, such as kicking while punching, so it was better to rely on the Vito range than just his eyes. 
Master Boone got down on the ground with his hands and swept his foot over to Dorians foot, in attempt to trip him. Master Boone did this quite often, and Dorian was used to it by now so he backed up to dodge it again. 
You cant keep running away, Master Boone muttered under his breath and jumped at Dorian from a low position. His thick muscular legs coiled like pressed springs, pumped with his Vito, and launched him forward. Dorian didnt expect this, and Master Boone came flying at him with a frightening speed. Instead of dodging, Dorian instinctively strengthened his chest and stomach. 
Master Boone struck Dorian on the chest with his palm, and even though it was his regular palm without Vito on Dorians strengthened chest, Dorian still got knocked back. 
Think that when your back is touching the ground, you lose. Always get right back up on your feet, Dorian remembered from their old lessons. He caught himself with his left hand and kicked his feet over his head, somersaulting with his left hand as a pivot. Both princes were quite flexible due to the extensive training theyd had over the years. Master Boone didnt pursue him anymore. He grabbed the wooden swords on the ground and tossed one to Dorian.
 I go. You defend. Master Boone had taught Ian and Dorian to focus all their Vito on their bodies, and give none to the weapons. 
People had preferences in terms of how to use Vito within their bodies; some liked to give their all to their weapons to create the most deadly blow they could afford, some liked to play safely and spread it evenly throughout their bodies and the weapons, thus increasing a bit of both offense and defense, and some like to give their all to their bodies to increase the speed and power their muscles could deliver. There was no definite superior method over the others. All methods had pros and cons. Feeding Vito to the body could make the user a better fighter though there was no additional input from the weapon itself. Feeding it to the weapon could create unexpected attacks that could be drawn from the weapon, although the user stayed the same. If one was to put his Vito into the weapon, the weapon could play a crucial role in the manifestation of Vito. 
There was a field of study dedicated solely to special elements in Neripha. Of the three categories of elements absorbing, emitting and neutral family, absorbing and emitting families were grouped together as special elements. Though this special element family sounded like the majority of the elements present in Neripha, they were actually a very tiny fraction of the whole. The most commonly used emitting elements were Macenium and Rancenium, which things like photocalyx contained. An easy way to look at them was that emitting elements were deposits of Vito, which then emitted it throughout a varying amount of time and intensity.
These elements helped create weapons that had their own Vito that could be activated by the users Vito or by the enemys Vito. Weapons that contained emitting elements could have a larger range of attack, more destructive force, and quicker reaction to the users will. 
On the other hand, there were absorbing elements, which absorbed Vito and stored it instead of emitting it. Cellineum and Vontarium belonged to absorbing family. Cellineum was one of the most mysterious elements about which very little had been discovered. It was also one of the rarest, which also contributed to its reputation of being the mystery element. Weapons containing these absorbing elements could take away the opposing weapons Vito in contact, draw Vito from the surroundings, or transfer the absorbed Vito into the emitting elements, even though such transfer was hard to achieve.
These Vito weapons were very pricey and could be dangerous when used by an unskilled user. Master Boone had recommended that the princes not use them because he was sure the princes wouldnt be able to have full control of them. He also personally preferred not to rely on weapons. 
Master Boone lowered his stance and darted toward Dorian. Dorians defense had gotten much better since these duel training sessions had started. Master Boones wooden sword struck Dorians. Both of them fortified their bodies, so their movement was much faster, lighter and more fluid. That was the advantage of not choosing the weapon over the body because the weapons took in immense amounts of Vito and that left the body not up to par with the opponents faster, lighter, and stronger body. 
Dorian pushed Master Boones sword up and stepped forward with his sword slanted, about to do a slashing motion. Master Boone at that instant took a step back and squatted down. Dorian swung his sword in a big arc over Master Boones head in the nick of time. The sound of it piercing the air was deep and low. As Master Boone avoided Dorians sword, he lunged toward Dorians knee and smacked it right on its side with the dull side of his wooden sword. He didnt hit it too hard. He was aware that he could do a lot more damage using Vito.
Dorian collapsed instantly on his knees. The fight was over. There were cuts and hits which one could bear and still continue fighting, but spots like the knees were a sure fight-ender. 
Not too bad, Master Boone said, as he helped Dorian get up. Your legs have gotten more used to Vito. You can jump a little farther. Master Boone usually wasnt generous with compliments with the princes. If he did compliment them on their progress, it meant it really was apparent. Dorian lost the match, but he still felt good that Master Boone noticed the hard training he had done. 
Dorians turn ended and Ian was up next. Ian had an even smaller range than Dorian, which meant even less Vito, but the difference wasnt noticeable because Ian could make it up with his skills. 
I wish I was the first son, Dorian thought fleetingly. Then he would be the taller, stronger, and more loved one between them. He thought of the kids outside the palace who didnt have to think about the nobles lining up behind them, waiting for the moment they faltered. The kids outside could worry about regular things like working or learning, impressing a girl, or making friends, not about how to survive in the palace where the undeserving nobles tried to guess which prince was going to make it till the end. They always compared him to Ian or even to his younger brother, Alex. 
Ian was holding up against Master Boones attacks quite well. Dorian gave Ian one more hard look and started walking away from the field. 
I will show the world who is the better brother of us, Ian, Dorian muttered. 

CHAPTER NINE
It was dark and damp. The stairs leading to the bunker were winding down in a dizzy whirlwind before Chases eyes. People coming down to the bunker must have been well prepared for an emergency like this; much to Chases surprise, there was no disorderliness. They knew where they were going and only some babies cries and quiet murmurs echoed the bunker but even that was hardly what Chase had imagined at all.
Moongrave City Truly impressive, Chase thought to himself. He observed people already in the bunker and those entering it. He got himself a spot where he could have a good look at the entrance. It was finally time for justice. 
Chase hadnt quite prepared what he was going to do once he found the pickpocket. Of course, he was going to get his belongings back but he hadnt thought about her possible reactions. What if she said she hadnt done it? Chase wasnt sure. He couldnt afford to make commotions in this closed space with all these people. Things were happening quickly; he got in trouble much too early in his trip, and he needed to be back on his track with a minimal change to his plan. His heart was beating fast, now that he was close to catching her. 
People kept milling around in the bunker. A tall one, a skinny one, a little kid, an old lady it was a deluge of faces Chase couldnt recognize. Chase intently eyed at them all and spotted many who resembled the girl but not quite. Soon the bunker gates were closed and the bunker was teeming with people and their smells and sounds. The bunker had been relatively cool, but it was now getting filled with peoples breath and their warmth. It started to feel stuffy. Chase was frustrated that hed failed to pick her out of the incoming crowd. 
What is it, this time? a man next to Chase said exasperatedly. 
I dont know. Its probably a Zespid again, another man with a hooked nose replied, last time we had a lockdown, they rang the bells a little late, and the Bakers youngest boy got attacked by the bird. He got behind the crowd, and poor Tom Baker. I bet this is bringing him back the memories of that night.  
Thats why you should always keep your eyes on your children. The two men whispered back and forth sympathetically 
Chase had heard of Zespids. They were large reptilian birds that lived in caves. They were gray with black specks that made lines from underneath their eyes down to their chests, with long pointed beaks as sharp as a spear. At the end of their beaks were two sets of fang-like structures, which were extensions of the beak. These reptilian birds rarely fed on humans, but as there was no rule that they couldnt attack humans, there were occasions in which they appeared in towns and cities and preyed on humans at night. They liked to attack those out in the street alone, and avoided preying on big crowds. Chases hometown, Salozara, hadnt had Zespids attacks yet, and it saddened and amazed him at the same time that it was an everyday concern for the citizens of Moongrave City. 
Youre not from here, are you? the man with a hooked nose asked, his attention suddenly on Chase.
Right, Chase replied.
So this must be new to you, then. Emergency lockdown, he said dramatically. 
Yes. 
Be glad that youre in here safe with us. Zespids can swoop down and fork you with with their beaks before you even know whats happening. A poor kid got eaten last time. Tsk tsk tsk. Though the man was telling a gruesome story, he looked glad to be able to talk about it again as if to tell the most scandalous secret. 
I hope this lockdown isnt for the same reason, Chase mumbled, feeling guilty. 
Eh, I doubt they would let another accident happen. There are harpoon guns they use to kill em birds, the man said proudly. 
Well, are you moving to this city or are you travelling? the other guy asked. 
Im here looking for someone. 
Who are you looking for? I know most families in the city, the guy with a hooked nose said, making a big gesture, clearly intrigued. The two men seemed interested to hear what Chase would say next. Chase wondered if he should explain the situation or make something up. 
Im looking for a girl I met a while ago. Chase decided somewhere in the middle. Shes got blonde hair, blue eyes, and er she likes to wear a long dress, I think. 
Whats her name? one of them asked. 
Thats the first thing Im trying to figure out. Chase shrugged. I ran into her a while ago, and I never caught her name. I couldnt forget her so Im back here to find her, he said with his face all serious, taking a pause as if he couldnt formulate the right words. 
Ah, young love! We know how it is, young fellow, the man with a hooked nose exclaimed. Chases serious air must have convinced him that Chase was looking for his love-at-first-sight, and it worked out wonderfully, for the two men were now determined to help him with his quest to find his love. 
Is she tall?
Id say average height. 
Dont her ears come down a little bit? 
I dont think so. 
Well, then it cant be Mary.
The two men kept asking Chase about the girl, narrowing down their search. After a bit of exchange of questions and answers, the men finally arrived at the final conclusion.
It must be Chloe.
Yes, I agree. The two men exchanged excited looks. There are many blondes in town, but a pale blonde you describe is Chloe. From what I hear, shes really quiet. 
Yes, her father is a talkative fellow, but shes not like her father.
Do you think you can point to me where she is in this bunker? Chase said with feigned nervousness in his voice. The two men surveyed the bunker with keen eyes, motivated to be part of what they thought was a wonderful love story. 
There, I think thats Chloe, right there. the friend of the hooked-nosed man pointed. There was a girl with a dark cloak over her head covering her hair and her eyes. 
Chase smiled brightly of relief that his tactic wasnt for nothing. He thanked the two men. 
Wish me good luck, Chase said with determination of a man who was about to ask a ladys hand in marriage, or so it appeared to the two men, happy to think that they contributed to a young couples love.
Chases heart was beating in his ears. Adrenaline was pumping through his veins and his vision was focused on her; it was like the moment he had spotted his catch and was in ambush, taking shallow breath and calming his pounding heart, while the rest of his body gingerly prepared for the kill. The end of all this was in sight. He moved through the crowd like a shadow, closing in his distance with her. A little bit more, a little bit more
Gotcha, Chase whispered as he grabbed her shoulders and spun her around on her feet. Her startled eyes blinked couple times; a look of recognition flashed across her eyes; then astonishment and embarrassment reddened her face. 
Give me back my book and my money, Chase commanded with a low voice. 
I dont know what youre talking about, Chloe replied, her expression stony. 
Yes, you do know, and I know that you stole them from me. Just give them back to me and you wont be in trouble, Chase said patiently. Chloe slapped Chases hand away indignantly. She was flushed to her neck, her jaws clenched tightly. 
You got the wrong person. Im innocent. You leave me alone or I will scream, she uttered threateningly, her eyes wide with exasperation. 
Chase didnt know why she was digging her own grave like this. He had told her that he wouldnt trouble her as long as she gave them back to him. That certainly shouldnt have sounded that bad to her, being caught and all. Chase didnt have time. Most of all, he didnt have patience for people like this. 
Chase took out a needle he used to pry things open and jerked her hand forward. Her whole body leaned toward Chase and he reached around her neck, poking it with his needle. She gasped and tried to free her hand from him, but he kept his needle in her neck for a moment. When he released her hand, her hood had come off her head and a drop of blood formed on her neck. She rubbed her neck and saw a small amount of blood. 
What did you do! Chloe raised her voice, her face contorting in anger. 
Shhhh Chase shushed her, that was a poison. You dont want to make a scene here. She was breathing heavily, her eyes fixed on Chases with hatred. Dont get me wrong. My offer is still valid. As long as you return my items intact, I will give you my antidote and you will be just fine. This one is not an incredibly fast-acting poison, but you do want to make up your mind because by next morning, you will be paralyzed from neck down, Chase said matter-of-factly to show that she needed him more than he needed her. She didnt say anything but just kept breathing angrily. So, do you still have them? Chase asked in the end. She nodded without a word. Good.
But not with me. 
Where are they then?
At my place. 
He was glad she was cooperating but that was bad news. He didnt have much of an option, however. 
Lets go there then.
Now? Chloe said incredulously.
 Now, Chase spoke firmly. Actually, you stay right there, Chase told her and started taking his clothes off. Thanks to the dim lights in the bunker, no one seemed to notice his presence. He took out the clothes he had gotten from the tower guard and put them on. They were made out of a bland, beige cloth that looked unattractive but felt soft to the touch. Working for the Osas came with good work clothes, it seemed. 
I work here and youre a suspicious person I caught here. Is that clear? Chase said to Chloe. She didnt reply. Is that clear? He asked again, to which she reluctantly nodded. 
The bunker now seemed well full. The two of them navigated their way through the crowd to the staircase.
Walk before me, Chase said to Chloe. Her lips twitched at the moment as though she wanted to object to that idea but she kept quiet and went before Chase. Chase wasnt sure if the guards were going to let them out easily. This was a lockdown for a natural disaster after all. It would be odd if the guards werent trained to stop people from wanting to leave the bunker during the lockdown. Having the tower guards clothes on might help him but it could also give away a clue that he didnt really work for the Osas. Chase wasnt sure how many of them were guarding the bunker entrance but he really didnt want to resort to getting his way by force. Hunting had built him strong, but a hand-to-hand combat was besides that. He had no time to waste.
When Chase and Chloe climbed up to the entrance, there were four guards sitting on the stairs, talking to one another. Seeing Chase, two of them got up. 
Open the door. I caught the culprit that rang the bells. I was sent here by the lord to catch him, Chase said urgently. 
What are you talking about? 
Yeah, who are you? 
So, you dont know. That alarm was nothing but a hoax by this scoundrel right here, Chase said as he gave a gentle push on Chloes shoulders. The lord ordered our investigating team to catch him. Who knew that it was a girl. Our team separated and each of us went to different areas to arrest the criminal and I got her here. He gave me the right to punish anyone that hinders this process. Open the door, immediately, Chase said, using the most authoritative voice he could pull off. 
The two other guards got up as well. They looked at one another, as though they werent sure what to make of the situation. 
Weve never heard there was an investigating team here. Show us your identification as an investigator, one of the guards spoke up. 
Not everyone was a dummy to Chases dismay. It was the situation he had dreaded but he had no other way but to keep acting. He cleared his throat, his face hard and cold. 
You have no authority to see my identification nor am I willing to hassle with mere guards like you. The more this is delayed, the more enraged the lord gets, and I will see to it that he has all of your heads hung on the city gate for interfering with the arrest and questioning the high authority. You shall open the door right now, Chase snarled without taking a single breath. His face was all red, which improved the fury he tried to display. 
They seemed a bit confused and scared. 
H,Here. Give me the key. I will get it. The guards hurriedly opened the door and made way for Chase and Chloe. The two got out of the bunker. The bunker gates closed behind them instantly. The Osa House was quiet and the sky was clear. 
You are crazy. Youre completely out of your mind, Chloe said to Chase. 
Dont tell me, because you dont know what crazy is. Chase looked down at her. She was glaring back at him. We need to hurry so you dont die without giving me my stuff back, Chase said airily. She didnt reply but her feet moved faster. This time, he didnt put that much effort in hiding behind a bush between each run. There was no one around and having an untrained person with him was already a huge burden. 
Go on, push yourself up over my shoulders, Chase said as he gave his shoulders for her to step on to hop over the outermost wall. 
No, its too high. I cant. Im feeling dizzy. She wasnt even trying to go over. 
Ok, we dont have all night here. I will toss you over so its up to you to land. One, Two 
Wait! 
Three! Despite her desperate call, Chase sprang to his feet and hurled her over the wall. Chase couldnt see it but could tell from the sound that she landed perfectly on her feet. The sound of her landing was light. 
Youre a crazy jerk, you know that! she screamed from the other side. 
Be quiet. I know you were just being difficult, Chase said as he quickly put on his spikes. Climbing from the outside was a lot harder because the moat prevented him from having any runway and the steep slope made the actual height of the wall much higher. From the inside, he had plenty of room to run and the stable flat ground. All he needed were the spikes to give him traction. He ran several feet away from the wall and jumped on it to kick his way up the wall. It took him only about couple seconds to hop over it. Chloe was standing by the water, sulking. She probably knew what was coming next. 
Ladies first, Chase pointed at the moat. Surprisingly, she didnt hesitate. She got in the moat and Chase quickly followed her.
Chase had Chloe run in front of him to her place. She ran surprisingly fast once she got out on the empty street. Maybe she understood the urgency of the situation that it was for her own good to give him his belongings and get the antidote as quickly as possible, or she was just trying to lose him. Chase wasnt sure why shed want to lose him, because she needed him for the antidote now. Moving too quickly would only accelerate the spreading of the poison so she shouldnt have run so fast, though that was none of his business.
Chloe couldnt outrun Chase. Running was the most basic skill required of a good hunter and Chase was a natural runner. With many years of hunting, his reflexes and strength had improved tremendously. She might have learned to run fast from pickpocketing for her life, but she still could not rival with Chase. 
After a while, she came to a stop. It was a small winery. Confirming that his guess was correct, made solely based on her scent he had caught, somehow gave him a strange sense of satisfaction. He wouldve been able to catch her by his first approach if he had more time, but again, time was always one of the most important factors for everything. A smile spread across his face. Chloe did not like this smile, however. Her pale blond hair reflected Zanias golden rays, which contrasted with her blue eyes looking angry with her defeat. The ends of her mouth curled sarcastically as she spoke, So the hoax you mentioned was done by you in fact, huh? 
Nope, Chase said a little too quickly. 
Dont lie. It must have been a hoax; otherwise there should have been a sign of a natural disaster that caused the bells to ring. I saw none. It was you, Dunnabel, Chloe said accusingly. 
Nope, sorry, didnt do it, Chase responded with the best poker face he could muster. He could feel his palms break out in cold sweat as his brain rapidly worked to figure out how shed found out his name. What now? If I were you, Id just quickly hand me over my stuff and get the antidote. You dont want to risk your life for meaningless squabbles, Chloe, Chase managed to say coolly. He wanted to let her know that if she knew his name, he also knew her name. Her lips curled up in an unnerving smile.
You think you figured 
Go on and bring my stuff out. You really dont want to waste any more time, Chase interrupted her. She pulled the hood down over her face till Chase could only see her mouth. It made a thin line, which indicated both her resentment and her silence. Chase appreciated this combo greatly for the latter. 
After a few minutes, she came out with his book and money pouch in her hand. All the streets and buildings were empty and everything was dead quiet. Seeing them in her hand was like seeing the finish line. 
Finally, Chase sighed of relief. Fatigue came over him. 
Antidote, Chloe said and held her hand out. 
I dont have it, Chase said, I didnt mean to scare you, but youve got to admit that you wouldnt have led the way, had I been a gentleman and not lied to you. 
Her thin lips got thinner as a realization dawned on her. So you didnt poison me from the beginning. 
Right.
She looked so dumbstruck that Chase started to feel bad for her, though she caused all this trouble for him. She dropped his book and money pouch, which he caught in midair without difficulty. 
Youre a jerk from the beginning to the end, she muttered, rubbing her neck where Chase had poked her with a needle. 
Well, I will take that as a thank-you. I dont know what your story behind stealing is, but I hope you will be able to quit it soon, Chase said as he turned around to go on his way.
I wouldnt have believed you if I didnt read that book, Chloe said. Chase turned back toward her. He raised his eyebrows curiously. That book had a section about poisons, so I figured you might have dealt with them, she said. 
I do, Chase responded, not wanting to talk much more, overwhelmed with fatigue. He moved his tired feet back. 
Why didnt you report me? she asked again from a distance. 
Chase didnt want to turn around this time. He looked up at the sky. 
I didnt have time for all that. I wanted to catch you fast, Chase replied. She didnt say anything. Chase took a few steps and then stopped in mid-track. 
You reek of Maroa wine, you know that? Chase said. 
What? 
This time Chase didnt reply.

CHAPTER TEN
The Red Sage, Derek Reynhart, had announced the Red Half Council. All the military Council members gathered at the Council Hall in the palace for the meeting. They carried their weapons everywhere they went but at the palace, especially at the Council, carrying a weapon was strictly prohibited. Having a weapon in the presence of the king was high treason, which would cost the weapon-bearers life. The head of the Half Council was a Sage, not the king as in the regular Council, but the Half Council was no exception to the rule. Even though there wasnt a king, the Council held power that represented Sarum and bearing arms in such a place could result in death. 
The formal attire for the Red Half Council was armor, which came in variety of material and styles. What identified their status as the military councilmen were the red robes draped over their armor. As the Sarumese were known for their extravagant taste, the Sarumese-style armor often boasted bright color and decorations such as plumes, different alloys, sometimes jewels if the owner could afford them, and hard leather. If plumes were used, they were normally weaved in with hard leather of cowhide, sometimes gargoyle and Becksion (a large reptile with high quality leather). These were often put on the backsides of the arms or legs. Having jewels on their armor was a luxury only rich nobles could afford because the jewels also had to be durable. They wouldnt want to have jewels that broke or scratched easily on their armor. Ruby, sapphire, and diamond were among the ones that were used relatively commonly. 
Reynhart always wore fancy armor which had protected him from the arrows and blades of his enemies. It was studded with tiny rhophinias on the chest, the hardest and the rarest gemstones known to men. 
Reynhart commenced the Red Half Council. Beside Reynhart sat General Kirk Elbric and Admiral Harvey Lozenhyme. 
Kirk Elbric replaced the former general not too long ago, so he was relatively young for being a general and was full of energy, which often manifested into a rather aggressive approach to foreign affairs. He was an excellent strategist with a nearly hundred per cent clean record of fending off the attacks from Gatimore, a nation touching the western border of Sarum, and Decarta, another nation touching the southwestern border. Though Elbric took pride in his defense line, he lamented that Sarum had been passive about expanding its border. 
General Elbric was bulky, but it didnt make him look fat, though he didnt appear lean either. It was the look of a man who was born with a big frame, who also had naturally high muscle content. He was conspicuously big, with a square nose, which tended to scare away those who first met him. They had the right reason in doing so, because Elbrics temper made his appearance nothing at all. 
General Elbric often advocated attacking other nations before they could attack Sarum again, but even he knew this wasnt the right time for that. Before the heir was chosen and the troubles with Rogath eased, Sarum wasnt stable or strong enough to go to war with others. 
Admiral Harvey Lozenhyme was the oldest member of the Council. To the east of the Ippa continent was the vast Cromikan Ocean where the Sarumese archipelago was. The Cromikan Ocean held countless islands, most of which were plagued by pirates that had formed from countries along the coast. There were an increasing number of pirates from the mid-Cromikan islands that came to loot Sarumese archipelago but under the lead of Lozenhyme, the Sarumese Navy fended them off, keeping their number down. 
Admiral Lozenhyme had a long thin face with a sharp, pointed nose and a long chin, which tended to make him look somber, also due to a fact that he had a mouth that stayed perpetually downward. He wore his usual silver armor that reflected blue light and together with the Red Sage Reynhart and General Elbric, he completed the triangle of authority in the Red Half Council.  
Rogath has been asking for us to send our soldiers in Mokuba peninsula to their border facing Gatimore, General Elbric said with a solemn note, as it had been the topic of discussion for quite some time. Sarum had been giving excuses not to relocate its soldiers from Mokuba peninsula to Rogath but Rogath was pressing hard now. 
They are asking us two favors; one is to give them our land and the other is to give them our men to die defending Rogath. This is outrageous, Admiral Lozenhyme interjected, fury masking his thin, somber face. When Gatimore invaded us a century ago, Rogath sent aid for their own safety, because they were worried that Gatimore was going to annex us and become powerful enough to be a threat to them. Knowing all that, we couldnt do anything but to sign a treaty that would allow Rogathian intervention in our government. Admiral Lozenhymes voice sounded almost hollow. Hed been in the Council long enough to have dealt with all that Rogath was and could ever be, and though every time it was an outrage beyond his imagination, he tried his best to stay composed at least in the Council.
Reynhart looked between his general and admiral with his measuring eyes, with a hint of amusement in them, as if to see who was going to say what. The long white scar on his neck, stark against his tan leathery skin, was as taut as a tendon, which neither his red robe nor his extravagant armor could hide. It was his heartstring, the dedication and passion of his life, his youth, all given to Sarum, to his king, because he would have his heartstring cut if that could save Sarum. Yes, the scar was the reminder of his heartstring, still intact. He would do anything to protect his king and his dear Sarum. 
We shouldnt underestimate this fox of Rogath. At first, we all thought it was just recklessness of a new ruler but she has been expanding her land in an unprecedented speed. Now her recklessness is something for us to admire, Reynhart spoke, its been her hardy luck, but its about time to set it straight that Sarum is an independent kingdom. What are your thoughts on how to do this with a minimum risk? 
We cant afford losing any more men, Red Sage, spoke Jillian Sommer, the first colonel under General Elbrics command. 
We couldnt get more funds from the last Council, and relocating our soldiers costs time, money and planning. I believe we need to let them know that their requests are absurd and we simply cannot do what they ask, Reeve Bingham, the captain in charge of protecting Mokuba peninsula, chimed in. Captain Bingham was a relatively quiet fellow, his character often misconstrued because of his unsociable disposition, but Admiral Lozenhyme liked him even more for that. He was one of those who did their duties quietly without seeking recognition. As the matter pertained to his defense line, Captain Bingham wasnt going to stay quiet this time. 
How likely is it for Rogath to, lets say, invade us, if we just turned down their requests? Any idea, Captain Bingham? Reynhart said, his tone slightly interrogative.
Rogath surely has more men than we do, but Gatimores aggression towards Rogath should prevent the empress from considering invading us, I believe, Captain Bingham carefully answered, touching his thick beard.
The thing is, however, Captain Bingham, that Gatimores not particularly friendly with us, either, Admiral Lozenhyme followed up after him, for us to rely on sheer luck that the Rogathian empress would decide against waging a war due to Gatimore is a bad move. The only thing we can count on is ourselves.
Yes, very much so, Reynhart responded. Even though I hope that the empress is smart enough not to smash through every piece of land around her, its been successful for her new empire, and shed probably want to keep that momentum going. She might even think that her soldiers will outnumber and outperform us and Gatimore all at once. One of his scraggly brows made a recalcitrant arc, which was typical of Reynhart when he had to make a decision he didnt like. 
Do you have any idea, Red Sage? General Elbric said with his booming voice. 
At this time, we shouldnt give Rogath a reason to put another foot in our government. If we cant come up with a plan to refuse their requests, we are going to have to agree on at least one of the two requests, Reynhart replied. 
Red Sage, General Elbric spoke, we have fought with our lives at the border to guard our pride, to keep Sarum as a kingdom ruled by one and only king. Why should we give that up now? What makes this Rogathian woman have a right to pull our troops from our own land? The treaty after the Gatimorean invasion? A true Sarumese would choose an honorable death over a life of humiliation. 
Anyone can say what you said, General. Its good to speak of honor, but honor without power is vanity. Many tribes of the north fell before Rogath because they werent tactful, glorifying their defeat as honorable deaths. We need to be smart and manage this situation, Reynhart replied with a reproachful tone. Of course Reynhart, too, would choose a death over humiliation. That was the easy thing to do; it was much harder to bear his name tainted, see his people die and nourish his very enemies that killed his men. To bear through them all and to come back to surpass his enemies were what a real Sarumese should do, if that and a death were his only options. Reynhart had the same mindset as Elbrics before, so he understood Elbrics opposition. If Sarums military had the slightest chance of winning against Rogath, Reynhart might have listened to Elbrics voice, but Sarum had no chance at all without allies. Furthermore, as Admiral Lozenhyme said, Sarum couldnt go to war relying entirely on its allies. 
Anyone with a better idea? Reynhart said to the councilmen. 
Many Councilmen voiced their opinions. Basically the Red Half Council was divided into yes and no; some suggested giving other things to Rogath instead of pulling the Sarumese soldiers from Mokuba, some suggested sending a message to the empress that she should suffice at Rogathian intervention already present at Mokuba, and some suggested making a treaty with Vandice to attack Rogath first. In the end, the councilmen had to vote by presenting their tickets, which were figurines with each councilmans name inscribed. Every councilman but the Sage had one figurine. The Sages had four figurines and therefore the Sages votes counted four times as that of other councilmans. 
We have seventeen tickets for yay, and twelve tickets for nay on sending our troops to Rogath, Reynhart spoke out loud. In the end, his Half Council had decided to appease Rogath. This was going to be presented at the Council for the king to give his final approval, but Reynhart somehow had qualms about the future of Sarum. The empress wasnt easy. He just hoped that he was not leading Sarum into her traps.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Chase rode his horse until the sight of Moongrave City disappeared behind the horizon. Outside the city wall was a vast open field with shrubs and trees here and there. Chase noticed that as he went north, the soil was losing its reflective minerals and was getting darker. It seemed to retain water more easily and was also softer. The open field was filled with grasses.
There was a weed called sickle grass, which came up to Chases hips, shaped like a sickle with a gentle curve. One side of it was very sharp like the sharp edge of a sickle, and the opposite side was supple new growth, which was how the grass got its name sickle grass. It couldnt really harm someone, but it was sharp enough to give little cuts all over the skin, so people often wore leather pants to prevent cuts. This grass all grew in the same direction; generally, the sharp side faced north and the dull side faced south. Others had to double-check their directions before going through the sickle grass field, but Chase had dealt with it so often back in his hometown that he knew it right away just by looking at them. The sharp side appeared a little darker and edgier but the difference was undistinguishable to untrained eyes. 
The field was a carpet of sickle grass, little bushes and some lonely trees. If one didnt have proper clothes against sickle grass cuts, the sight of a sickle grass field would have baffled him. However, the sickle grass didnt matter anymore because there were nice new roads that had been recently built by the district, thanks to the Osas. 
Chase didnt know how he had managed to completely improvise everything in Moongrave City. He stopped to think about it and it made him sigh of relief. Hazels book was worth all the trouble he had gone through.
Ah, thats how that girl knew my name, he came to a sudden realization. Moms name is on the cover of the book! 
Chloe surely was a weird girl. Now that he thought about it, he had been lucky that his belongings were stolen by one person. If it was done by a pickpocketing gang of some sort, he might have had a bit more trouble. 
After a while, Chase could notice the change of scenery. More trees appeared as small creeks and rivers vamped up the monotonous view. He was getting close to the Giant Maroa forest. There was no definite boundary of the forest but he could tell that he was more or less in the forest now. There were Maroas and little thorny bushes everywhere he looked. The canopy of the leaves cast a mosaic of light on the road which had brought him all the way from Moongrave City. This part of the Giant Maroa forest used to be so overgrown that people had to take a longer path to go around it, but now the new road allowed for a much reduced travel time.
Chase was on rationed food for the trip: beef jerky, pressed lamb cubes, cheese sticks and dried vegetables that he could eat like crackers. It was unlikely that hed run out before he arrived at his final destination, but he didnt like eating the same things one meal after another. He was ready to enter a new district.
There were four cities surrounding Central City, called the Guardian Cities, and these made up the Central district. The origin of their names wasnt very clear but there were couple plausible theories. One was that the cities had been founded and governed by the four Guardians who had served the founding father as the current Sages served the king. The other one was that they served as the outermost defense line to the Central district, hence giving the name Guardians. There were inscriptions in the edifices of ancient Sarum which mentioned a Guardian as the city governor, so both theories were generally accepted. 
No one could get in Central City without going through one of the Guardian Cities. The one Chase was going to was the South Guardian City.
From what he had heard, this woodland was going to continue right until he reached the city gate. The Central district was built in the middle of the Giant Maroa forest. There were several large forests in Sarum such as the Mima forest, located south of Sarum where Chase usually went to hunt, and the Giant Maroa forest. If the Short-legged Maroas were predominant in the Mima, the Giant Maroa forests most notable feature was the Giant Maroas, which one could easily deduce from the name itself. 
A river named Tears River carried abundant minerals from the mountains in Rogath and released them in Sarums relatively low, flat land. It left most of its nutrients in the area around the Central district because the river started diverging there and the current slowed down considerably. Tears River and its sub-rivers contributed greatly to the formation of such rich soil of the Central district.
The Giant Maroas were far from being the most common in the Giant Maroa forest, ironically, but they were inarguably the most striking feature of the forest. They were found only in the center of the forest in the shape of an empty circle. They stood like a mountain and the region within the diameter of their shadows had very few large plants that required lots of Metildas energy for growing. This meant that around the Giant Maroas, there was an area where only grass and vines and little bushes could be found; this region around the Giant Maroas was where the Guardian Cities had originated. The middle of this circle also had very few large plants so the Sarumese had built houses and important governmental buildings one after another over a long period of time, which later became the capital of Sarum.
The geography of the Giant Maroa forest provided excellent natural defenses against invaders. To use the location to its fullest extent, the Sarumese had filled in the gaps among the Giant Maroas to make what was the tallest wall in the Ippa continent. Chase had heard so much about it; he couldnt wait to see it with his own eyes. 
After a long ride, Chase finally came to the city gate of the South Guardian City. The wall hadnt been there during Rogaths invasion of the Central district four centuries ago. The Rogathian forces had conquered all the cities in the north of Sarum. Propelled with high morale after consecutive winning battles, they annihilated all the Guardian Cities. Some had held up tough battles but soon fell to Rogath when the Rogathian forces came from all directions. However, the Rogathian siege didnt last very long because most of the Rogathian forces was wiped out in the passageway to Central City from the Guardian Cities. After the invasion, the very first reconstruction effort was put to the walls. The devastating war taught the Sarumese a hard lesson and the Central district was now watched with heightened security. 
For multiple days in a row, Chase hadnt had a real meal. He was about ready to go anywhere and devour whatever was served to him. He went to one of the closest restaurants to the city gate. 
Chase entered a restaurant named Number 9 whose grassy roof had its name mowed neatly on it. There he ordered a dish Number 9, the restaurants specialty with local pink peppers which were fluorescent pink with white stem. These were stuffed with seasoned beef with eel slime on top, which was very rich in flavor. 
Chase gobbled them up so fast that he felt a little uncomfortable at the stomach. He took out Hazels book to read at the table so he could take his time finishing the Giant Maroa fruits that came on the side. Since the passageway to Central City was right outside the South Guardian City, he thought it would be a good idea to look for some relevant information about it. Every time he opened it up, he was impressed by Hazels effort, talent, and knowledge. There was just so much. 
I hope you will be able to fill this in with your own findings, Chase recalled her saying when he had departed from home. He wasnt confident that he could do much. She had all sorts of things listed. He could find friendly names like the Rockbacker bats, Harper tiger, Maroas, and sickle grass, but the majority of it was new to him. He flipped through the pages. Her illustrations were phenomenal. Chase wished he had gotten her talent. Unfortunately for Chase, he didnt get much of artistic talent from either parent so he couldnt draw too well. 
After flipping through several pages, he stopped at one page. A beautiful woman was depicted but she clearly wasnt a human. She had very long fingers with long, black claws and long feet that slightly curved up from the ground. Her sinewy legs were thick but her waist was tiny compared to the rest of her body, and her lean muscular arms were also very long. Her body proportion reminded Chase of the Kshandyans, except for her dramatically long fingers with those claws and feet. Succubus, it read at the top. 
Succubi are one of many sub-human species. They can live up to approximately twice as long as humans. They seem to acclimatize to different climates faster than humans or other sub-human species, which enables them to live almost anywhere. They are found most commonly on the northwestern coast of Rogath. They dont bear more than one offspring in their lives. Whether its a voluntary choice or their limit is unknown. They have sensors that detect synchronized Vito concentration in their prey. Once they find their targets, they seduce them and absorb their synchronized Vito. This can sometimes result in death.
It was written neatly in Hazels handwriting. Chase had heard of succubi only passingly. Sub-human was a misnomer that had stuck due to a long period of usage. It indicated species that had human-like features such as human-like faces and ability to speak a language. This term had been made when people had just discovered other beings that almost looked like humans but not quite. At that time, humans had liked to think that there was no being better than humans, with higher intelligence, so they added sub to indicate that those species were below humans. Now that humans knew there were beings with higher intelligence and more complex language, the term needed to change accordingly, but it seemed to have stuck forever. 
Chase flipped through more pages in the sub-human category. Even Hazel hadnt seen mermaids yet, it seemed. It wasnt recorded in the book. Mermaids were sub-humans as well and they surely existed but they avoided any contact with humans. Not too much was known about them. He had hoped this book was going to have it.
A few sections covered various rocks, metals, and poisons. 
I wouldnt have believed you if I hadnt read that book. Chloes voice echoed in his ears. He opened the poison section of the book. It listed various types of poisons as well as how to extract them from poisonous plants and insects. It explained the effects, duration, lethality and antidotes. The latter half of the chapter was dedicated to the production of antidotes for specific poisons. 
Chase looked for the Giant Maroas in the book. She had to have it somewhere. 
Here. Chase saw the illustration of the Giant Maroas, leafing through the book, and went back to open that page. Hazel had drawn a human figure next to the Giant Maroa to show the relative size of it in comparison to humans. It was so tall and wide that it completely dwarfed the human figure. However, other than its sheer size, it seemed to look just like a regular Maroa; it had smooth bark, no cluttering branches until it reached the top, and branches that went out horizontally until they bent to grow vertically. 
The Giant Maroas can be found in the Central district of Sarum. Its much debated what caused the Giant Maroas to have grown so large. The oldest Giant Maroa is presumed to be four thousand years old. Their blooming season is affected by many factors such as the precipitation and average temperature of the past summer. The fruits are as large as a small fist and have a sweet flavor. Their thick roots grow symmetrically as other Maroas do and grow especially deep, all the way to the underground river. Most of the passageways to Central City were made using the roots as the basic structure. 
Chase couldnt wait to go in there. There was so much folklore about the passageway between the Guardian Cities and Central City alone. Hed grown up listening to the stories and it was hard to believe that he was here by himself to feel the stories breathing in the Central district. He fumbled for his portable celestial clock in the backpack. The bead of red, white and black eddies was floating in the peachy pearly liquid. It wasnt yet Fienorian night but was getting there. 
Chase had the last bite of the Giant Maroa fruit and left the restaurant. He had been imagining what Kevin must look like. He was going to find out shortly. 

CHAPTER TWELVE
Sadie never neglected taking good care of her beautiful wavy locks. Her light brown silky hair reached down her waist and swayed rhythmically whenever she moved. She had five servants whose sole job was to maintain the beauty of her hair. Today her brother was going to pay her a visit so the servants had to be even more meticulous about making her look beautiful. 
Sadie was proud that she always tried to look her best. She had only Yulia to compete with for Klaisers attention. Compared to the former queens, having one Lady to compete with was actually rare. The kings could have as many concubines in the entire kingdom as they liked, so ten to twenty Ladies were normal. King Ladus of the old kingdom, one of the greatest kings of Sarum who not only exerted his energy on expanding the border, but also on hoarding beauties all over the world had had hundreds of Ladies. To accommodate them all, King Ladus had built another luxurious palace in the island of Foriene, one of the main islands of Sarumese archipelago, which was now used by close and distant relatives of the royal family. 
Klaiser hadnt been in throne long enough to have that many concubines yet. The former kings also started with a small number of concubines and the number often increased quite fast later on. More concubines were encouraged because more royal offspring were desired. However, even if Klaiser had had more time, he wouldnt have gathered that many concubines. He had been weak all his life; he had gotten sick frequently and needed a lot of sleep for a small amount of active time in a day. He also didnt have much appetite, which proved to be a hard mission for the Royal Food House and the Medicine House, because they could be punished for Klaisers poor health that resulted from his lack of appetite. Being weak took away Klaisers desire for women as well, Sadie thought.
Good thing you arent trying to emulate King Ladus, Klaiser Sadie thought to herself. She had gone through so much to be where she was. 
Sadie was very young when they got married, too young to sacrifice her beauty and youth in her mind. A random, commoner girl who got promoted directly to the kings concubine wasnt going to make her life difficult for her. It could only be the other way around. 
All five of her servants washed her hair, massaging her scalp. Then they sprayed fine mist of scented oil on her hair and dried it slowly with large fans. Her hair was so soft and fragrant from the oil. 
Braid my hair and put it up today, Sadie ordered with a faint, relaxed voice, as she closed her eyes dreamily. The servants opened a chest that stored Sadies hair accessories. 
What would you like to put in your hair today, Your Highness? One servant asked.
Use those amethyst clips, Sadie replied, with sleepy eyes. The servants sat around Sadies long brown locks and braided them. She had a room dedicated just for this purpose. She called it the grooming room. She had collected scented oils, perfumes, and mineral solutions for her skin and hair and displayed them in the wall cabinet which had glass doors over it. There were little slots to fit each item and all different containers were neatly displayed behind the glass doors. 
When the merchants from Decarta and Rogath visited, they frequently came to the palace first, because they could demand higher prices for the same items to the royals. Sadie was willing to pay more to have those merchants come to her with full stock before any woman could even take a look at their inventory. Sadie had a cabinet just for the imported goods, and they were all her favorites. She especially liked Decartan beauty products. 
Decarta was famous for beautiful women with radiant skin and strong, shiny hair. Decartan women enjoyed using oils on their entire bodies and Sadie, too, liked their rigorous beauty regimens. It wasnt to please Klaiser. He was her king and she was his queen; that was all. The tenderness in their royal marriage had gone away a long time ago. It was just because she was the mother of Sarum; she was above all women in every aspect and needed to show it to the public. 
One of her servants went to the wall cabinet for the Decartan products, and took out a little yellow bottle with a red ant drawn on it. Then the girl shook it a little and applied a thin layer of a pinkish red viscous liquid on Sadies face. 
It was Rednest ants honey. Rednest ants lived in the south of the Ippa continent, covering a small strip of Decarta in the south and most of Kshandya. Rednest ants made a nest deep in the ground, which digging up with a shovel would be too impractical to even consider. They were about as large as a little finger of a grown man, and were very belligerent. They collected honey like bees and made a deposit of it in their gargantuan nest underground. The honey turned pinkish red in contact with the ants secretion from the mouth. Their secretion turned the soil a little red too, which was why the Decartans gave them such a name. If their nest was attacked or flooded, they would quickly channel another hole somewhere far away as a backup while an angry army of them would jump out of the nest to fend off the intruders. Their digging power with their three-pronged mouths was enormous. 
This Rednest ants honey could only be obtained by a very skilled honey collector. The honey collector must use Vito to make a puppet out of one of the ants and send it in to find the location of the honey. This meant the honey collector had to be a very good Distributor whose range was as large as the nest, a hard requirement to meet. If the honey collectors range was small, then the Vito-controlled ant would escape his range while it went down the nest, which would then go on its own way instead of leading him to the honey deposit. Since there were not too many Distributors who had that large range of Vito distribution and even fewer of them were willing to be honey collectors, the price of the rare honey was exorbitant, making it affordable only by a handful of nobles and royals. Sadie had bought it out every time Decartan merchants came so she was sure no other woman in Sarum had it. 
While Sadies perfect skin was getting treated with the Rednest ants honey, the other servants had rolled up the braids and were about to put the purple amethyst clips in her hair as the final touch. Two of the clips made a pair and were connected with thin silver chains which jiggled with her movement. She put some rouge on her lips and she was all set. Her head servant came in.
Your Highness, Sir Rubic has arrived and is waiting at the guest room. 
Escort him to my bed chamber. Tell him I will be there shortly.
Yes, Your Highness, her head servant replied and quickly left the grooming room. Sadie smacked her lips and looked into the mirror. She looked particularly beautiful today, she thought. 

