




Sliced But Not Diced
 
A Love Story
 
by 

Donna Frahmann

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 Donna Frahmann

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If youre reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

DEDICATION



To J.F., who's been with me through 
the good, the bad, 
and the utterly demented. 
I love you.
Chapter 1: The Bad Thing--Robin
Michael forced himself to stay calm as Robin's landlady sorted through her keys with truly maddening slowness. 
Maybe it wasnt something awful, he thought. Maybe Robin just overslept. But no--considering the racket hed made earlier, it was definitely something awful. Just as he was about to snatch the keys from the woman's hand, the door sprang open. "You better be careful," she warned. "Her boyfriend's a real piece of work."
"Yeah, well, so am I," Michael replied.
She gave his slight, bespectacled form a dubious glance. "If you say so."
A faint whimper came from the back of the apartment. Michael strode towards the sound calling, "Robin? Robin, it's Michael!"
 ____________________

Wayne once described his alarm clock as a jealous bitch whos trying to keep him and his bed apart. 
I couldn't relate to that because my own nights had been like strobe lights--asleep/awake, rinse/repeat--followed by hours of staring at the ceiling until it was time to get up. The first time I slept through a whole night, the shock of hearing the alarm almost knocked me out of bed. I slapped the damned thing silent and scrambled to the bathroom, arriving barely in time to pee like a Russian race horse. (That's another Wayne-ism.) Once the ground clutter lifted, I felt rested, invigorated and ready to handle whatever the day had in store. 
It was a heady sensation. 
One of the most important things I learned as I pieced my life back together was that nothing will mess you up as bad as the little things if you let them, so I dont. For example, every night before I go to bed I put my keys in a seashell on the computer desk. Michael and I hit upon this trick one chaotic Sunday morning when my keys went MIA and I ransacked the place into a state of burglary interruptus before remembering that Michael had my spare set.
"Calm down, luv," he responded to my frantic phone summons. "Ill be right over." Which he was, bless him, still unshaven and bleary-eyed in his Union Jack nightshirt, my key ring dangling from his hand. "These were in your deadbolt. They must have been there all night."
My initial rush of horror gave way to a class-B panic attack, but Michael knew the drill. "Hug," he said calmly. In keeping with our agreed-upon rule (Robin is no longer a pitiful traumatized waif, so hugs are a two-way street) he waited for me to reach out before he closed his arms tight around me. Then he fixed us both a cup of tea. 
"Of course, this isn't real tea," he said as we got settled on the couch. "It's paper-flavored tea dust."
"I know. I ran out of the good stuff." I leaned my head on his shoulder. "I could listen to your accent forever."
"Sure, as long as its saying something you want to hear!"
"Michael, I'm still a screwed-up mess. What if Im not ready to go back to work yet?"
"News flash:  nobody's ever ready to go back to work. Stop sniveling and drink your tea before it gets cold."
 Obediently, I took a sip. "I thought I put my keys in my purse."
"If you did, we'd have to call in a search party."
Michael had become all too familiar with the state of my purse after The Bad Thing. He had to paw through it for my medical insurance card and some indication of who to contact in case of emergency. (If Id been conscious at the time, I would have told him to look in the mirror.) When I finally got out of the hospital and began to show a glimmer of my old self, he took me to task.
"Eleven pens, only two of which still write. Enough receipts to hold a ticker-tape parade. Three decomposing biscuits."
"We call them cookies here."
"Theyre called decomposing anywhere! A thriving colony of fuzz-covered breath mints. Nine tampons."
"Michael!"
"Oh, stop blushing. Its a fact of life. But nine?"
"They keep getting buried."
"Under the cosmetics bag with the broken zipper, which allows all your bits of artifice to roam free, which in turn reminds me of the layer of face powder coating everything in your purse."
"Rats. My compact broke."
"More likely it was crushed to death by all the loose coins. Your wretched handbag's heavier than a bowling ball. No wonder you walk like Quasimodo! Getting back to the matter at hand, we need to come up with a system for your keys. Stay put." He darted next door and returned with a canister of tea and one of the seashells from his kitchen windowsill. "If we turn it like so--voil. Your personal key-shell. Now, where shall we put it?"
Ive got a host of little sanity-savers. At night my purse is wedged between the bed and the nightstand. Bills go in a little wicker holder that hangs on a closet doorknob near my computer. Hooks for this, holders for that, small rituals that keep little things little.
When I first moved in with Michael and Wayne, our relationship was unavoidably intimate. Things like changing dressings and assisting me in the bathroom didn't leave much to the imagination. My stomach was unpredictable, and at first I was so weak somebody had to hold the barf bucket for me. 
But we still tiptoed around naming the cause of our new living arrangement.
"What happened to you" could refer to anything from my brush with death to a particularly bad hair day. "You-know-what" sounded like kids trading insults on the playground. "How that lunatic beat you, raped you with multiple objects and slashed you to ribbons" was accurate, but hard for me to hear and definitely awkward in polite company. 
The impasse was resolved the first day Wayne's mother Alessia came over to babysit me. She swept in like the proverbial breath of fresh air and tucked a parti-colored quilt around me. "This is a healing blanket," she explained. "All you gotta do is lay there and let it work."
I glanced apprehensively at the barf bucket. "I'm scared I might mess it up."
"Honey, you wouldn't be the first. Don't worry, it's real old." (Indeed it was. Wayne told me later it had been worked on by four generations of the family's women.)  
Alessia also brought sachet to put under my pillow ("just some herbs I had hanging around"), a gorgeous peach satin bed jacket ("don't worry, it's real old"), and a green plant so huge the curtain rod bent under its weight. We talked until I dozed off, and I woke up to such heavenly smells drifting from the kitchen that my temperamental stomach growled in anticipation.
After the guys got home, Alessia came in to hug me goodbye. "It's a miracle this poor little baby survived the bad thing!" she exclaimed.
The Bad Thing. The guys and I exchanged looks, and Wayne kissed Alessia on both cheeks. "Mama, you're a genius!" 
She gave him a shove. "You just now figured that out?"
____________________

It's been two years since The Bad Thing, but some of the effects still linger.
On mildly bad days, minor irritants multiply like loaves and fishes. The pattern in the carpet at work (Wayne calls it Brown Acid Flashback) sets my nerve endings ablaze, and the entire universe conspires to drive me crazier than I already am.
Occasionally the Madwoman who haunts my inner attic plunges me into a depression so sepulchral I literally cant get out of bed. Other times she yanks the controls from Functional Robin and there's hell to pay because the Madwoman likes to alter reality. Noises I normally wouldn't notice suddenly attack me all at once, at full volume. The faded scars on my legs look brilliantly red, as if they happened yesterday. I'll worry that I've started to bleed inside again and am about to collapse and die surrounded by strangers.
On the last Altered Reality day, I saw Craig in the parking lot of my apartment building.
Now, I knew that Craig was definitely, deservedly dead. There wasn't any ID on the body when the police found it and no fingerprints in the system, but it fit the description Michael gave them while I was in surgery. As soon as I could answer questions, the police came to the hospital with a picture for me to identify.
"Its him," I told the cop. I gave her his name and any other information I could remember. She took it all down in a notebook and held out her hand for the photograph. I gave it one last look and said, "Burn in hell, motherfucker. Slow rotisserie style." 
Wayne and Michael exchanged looks that clearly said "Who is this woman, and what has she done with sweet little Robin?"
"Trust me, he will," said the cop.  She stowed the picture away, thanked me for my time and left.
But on this particular day, Craig pretended to tinker with the engine under the hood of a nearby car. The body in the picture must have belonged to somebody else, I thought, because Craig was here, waiting to catch me and finish what he started. I huddled in my stifling car until Michael pulled up and coaxed me into rolling down a window.
"What is it, Robin?" he asked. I started to point, but the guy working on his car wasn't Craig anymore.
I boosted my counseling appointments back to twice a week for awhile after that little episode.
The Madwoman hasnt mind-jacked me since then, but I know shes still alive and unwell in that dark little attic, just waiting for me to let my guard down.
____________________

My introduction to CurlWinds, Wayne's workplace, definitely rates a place in the top ten epic events of my life.
By that time I'd been living with the guys for two months and was doing better every day, so we decided it was time for me to go on some field trips. Wayne's mother got the ball rolling by taking me for a walk around her neighborhood where I tried spumoni for the first time and found out more about Wayne than he ever wanted anyone to know.
Then there was a trip to the library with Michael, where I scooped up all the self-help books we could carry between us, after which I cajoled him into taking me to Goodwill for a wardrobe update and Mexicali Blue's for a gluttonous lunch. Another day I went to the grocery store with both the guys and got an advanced lesson in domestic bickering. 
Now I was going to CurlWinds to get "the works".
Michael was uneasy. "Now, remember, luv, if it gets to be too much for you, just give me the high sign and we'll leave," he said as we piled into the car.
Wayne rolled his eyes. "I told you everything will be low-key. You act like we're taking her to the seventh circle of hell!"
"Already been there, done that," I chimed in from the back seat. Wayne laughed at the gallows humor, but Michael wasn't amused.
"CurlWinds is more like the seriously disturbed floor at Bedlam," he muttered.
"In that case, she'll fit right in! So what's the adventure for tomorrow, Princess?"
I consulted the little green notepad that kept my new life in some semblance of order. "Your dad's coming over to ride with me so I can get used to driving again."
"I still don't see why I can't take care of that," Michael said huffily.
"Because you get too wired up," Wayne explained. "You'll make Robin more nervous than she already is. Dad's the right man for the job. He taught six women how to drive and lived to tell the tale."
"God knows the poor man learned patience in a hard school," Michael agreed.
Wayne continued on, unfazed. "Seriously, Michael, as a passenger, you even make me nervous! How long have I been driving us around, and I've never had a single--hey!" He leaned all his weight on the horn and yelled "Vaffanculo!" out the window, with a corresponding hand gesture.
Michael covered his eyes. "I knew I should've driven."
I reached over to pat him on the shoulder. "It's okay, Michael. I'm not gonna freak out."
"No, but I might!"
Wayne engineered a tight little turn that enraged oncoming traffic but won us a primo parking place right in front of CurlWinds. At least, I guessed it was CurlWinds. Their sign was hidden by a huge glittery banner that read, "Welcome, Robin! You go, girl!" with bouquets of helium balloons on either end. As we stepped onto the sidewalk the front door flew open and a length of red carpet unrolled right up to our feet, accompanied by Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive" blaring from inside the building.
"You call this low-key?" Michael said to Wayne.
"Count your blessings," Wayne advised. "They wanted to hire a salsa band and bring in a male stripper." He grabbed Michael by the shoulders and turned him towards me. "Just look at her!  She's fine with it!"
When Michael saw me laughing, applauding, and obviously dying to get inside, the worried look left his face. He offered me his arm, and Wayne followed suit. 
"All right, then, Princess," he said. "Here we go down the rabbit hole!" 
____________________

My first impression of CurlWinds was--color. 
The receptionist was a strikingly beautiful girl with fuchsia lipstick and torrents of lavender hair. She wore shades of purple from headband to platform sandals and had the biggest, greenest eyes I'd ever seen, surrounded by plum-colored lashes as long as my thumbnail. 
"This is Orkid," Wayne began. "Orkid, this is--"
"Robin!" Orkid shrieked, and hurried from behind her desk to grab my hands. "I've been wanting to meet you for so long! Wayne's told us so much about you, and now here you--" She trailed off, and tears filled those enormous eyes. Suddenly she flung her arms around me. "I hate what happened to you!" she wailed, and burst into wild sobs. 
"Cleanup at the reception desk!" Wayne sighed. He gently peeled Orkid off me and cuddled her while Michael searched the top of her desk for kleenex.
I found myself surrounded by a dazzling array of colors and patterns as the staff of CurlWinds all came forward to greet me. 
"I'm Caldi," said a willowy girl with blonde pigtails and a harlequin smock.
A sassy-looking brunette in bright red held out her hand. "I'm Gina. Don't believe a word Wayne says about me, the little bastard lies like a rug!"
"Step aside, wenches!" A stunning Eurasian guy in a long paisley satin vest pushed his way through and smiled down at me. "I'm Chino, Robin, and I have the honor of being your stylist today."
"I'm Marcus."
"Tony. Nice to meet you."
"Tara Sue. I'll be doing your manicure."
"I'm Genii, like in Aladdin. I'll be doing your pedicure."
"I'm FrankLyn, andguys, she's never gonna remember our names. Hey, Orkid! Turn off the waterworks and find us some post-its!"
"And a pen!" 
"Pen's too hard to read. We need a magic marker!"
Orkid raised her head from Wayne's chest. "We only had one marker, and a certain individual left the cap off it."
"I've got an eyebrow pencil. That'll work, won't it?"
"Hey, Robin, do you want a donut? Wait a minute, did anybody get donuts?"
"No, you twit! We got a cake, remember? You picked it up!"
"We should break out the wine bottle!" somebody yelled, and found himself hastily shuffled aside for an emergency briefing.
I couldn't stop laughing as the chaos escalated, and the denizens of CurlWinds were delighted.
"Hey, look! She likes us!"
"Of course she likes us! What's not to like?"
"C'mere, Robin! Group hug!"
____________________

As punishment for my misspent youth, Im doing time in cubicle country.
Row upon row of Death by Mauve fabric-covered walls with shiny reddish-purple desk surfaces that look exactly like raw liver. To add injury to lack of aesthetics, the liver desks are positioned to make us work with our backs to the room. I've always hated this, but it became unbearable after The Bad Thing.
"Why would they set you guys up like that, anyhow?" Wayne asked.
"The better to peer over our shoulders, my dear," Michael replied.
"Thats awful. Who wants somebody sneaking up behind them? Other than in bed, I mean."
"Wayne!" 
"Im just saying, theres a time and place. But this whole cubicle thing...gee, Your Highness, am I allowed to say sucks? Never mind, I have a fixit." He produced a clip-on mirror from CurlWinds and we staged an after-hours raid to install it in my cube. 
"Maybe youll use it to check your hair occasionally," said Wayne as he leaned over my shoulder to check his own. "From what Ive seen when you get home at night, it sure as hell could use the attention. You must run your fingers through it and hope for the best. Oh, my god, you do!"
Whoever compared office cubicles to ant farms didnt allow for sound effects. Private conversations conducted at the ghost of a whisper become public property. At the other end of the noise spectrum, everybody gets to hear Darlenes telephone argument with her current married boyfriend. Plus theres Roger, who insists on checking his voice messages via speaker phone because he wants to keep his hands free.
"Free for what? Jerking off?" Wayne demanded. "That's no excuse--hed still have one empty hand. Tell him to pick up the goddamned phone."
Permeating the place like malevolent fog is a trio of women Michael calls The Wyrd Sisters. Theyve been with the company since dinosaurs roamed the earth and will probably haunt the site long after the last brick crumbles. Theyre fond of saying they know where all the bodies are buried--"No doubt because they're the ones who buried them," says Michael. They're also fond of referring to us office minions as "family". Trust me, we're not; if we were, I would have put myself up for adoption years ago. 
When I first came back to work after The Bad Thing, I tried to keep the lowest of profiles. Most people granted me what little personal space is available in Dilbert-land, but the Sisters were all over me like a bad rash, avid for lurid details. Since they started the totally false rumor that Michael and I were sleeping together (which reached Craig and helped precipitate The Bad Thing), I wasn't about to tell them jack shit. 
One of them cornered me in the restroom one day to tell me if I needed someone to talk to, she was "there" for me. She was downright insistent about it, to the extent of blocking my way out of the stall. I had a few counseling sessions under my belt by then, plus I'd been around Wayne quite a bit, so I looked straight into her beady little eyes and told her if she ever waylaid me like that again, Id file a sexual harassment complaint. Her initial shock quickly morphed into pure evil ("Ill get you, my pretty. And your little dog, too!") as she stormed from the room. 
Once upon a time that would have bothered me, but compared to what Id been through and survived, petty office bitchery was...petty. I smiled at the girl in the mirror and gave her a high-five.
That was the day I knew I'd be okay.
____________________

Michael and I pulled into the apartment parking lot at the same time. He headed to his place, where Wayne stood in the open doorway; I blew them both a kiss and headed to mine. After tossing my work clothes into the laundry hamper and donning jeans and a castoff t-shirt of Wayne's, I scooted across town to the basement of St. Margarets Church just in time to say, "Hi, my names Robin, and Im an addict."
Which I am. In recovery, but an addict nonetheless. Also a survivor (as in damned near died but didnt) of domestic violence. (Wayne calls it attempted murder. Hes not wrong.)  The insides of my legs are crisscrossed with scars from crotch to ankles; because of the internal damage Ill probably never have kids. I deal with post-traumatic stress disorder, which is getting better but still asserts itself at the damnedest times. Im also terminally clumsy, socially inept and a lousy dancer.
What I am not, is a victim. Not anymore.
When I got home I heated up some leftover lasagna-to-die-for courtesy of Wayne. Feeding me is only one of the many services he offers. Hes been known to jog across our parking lot in the pouring rain to fix my hair or tuck in the tag his eagle eye caught sticking out of my blouse. "Here, hold the umbrella. I cant believe you were going out in public like that," he mutters as he renders me acceptable. We exchange kisses and I drive off feeling loved.
When he lost twenty pounds, Wayne gave me all his "fat" shirts. He borrowed them back when the twenty pounds returned, but its the thought that counts.
We like the same mood foods. And we both love Michael.
I didnt meet Wayne until after The Bad Thing. Our first encounter was a bit one-sided--being unconscious and hooked up to all kinds of machines tends to limit conversation--but as far as Wayne was concerned, our connection was established; when it came time for me to be released, I would stay with him and Michael.
Still weak and in a lot of pain, at first I was content to stay in bed and heal. But as my strength returned, I got restless and decided to help with the housework. 
My first attempt was less than stellar. While trying to maneuver a water jug out of the refrigerator, I knocked over a huge jar of pepperoncini. The lid was loose; brine gushed all over the inside of the refrigerator and onto the freshly-mopped kitchen floor, leaving a host of pickled-pepper corpses in its wake. Wayne came home early to find me trying to sop up the mess with paper towels.
"Fuck the goddamn peppers!" he exclaimed. "Youre white as a ghost. Off your feet now. Youre not bleeding, are you?"
"I don't think so. But, Wayne, all I do is lay around in bed!"
"Then Dr. Wayne prescribes a change of scenery. Cmon, honey, you can enjoy the sumptuous view from the couch."
 As I got settled, my robe fell open. The scars on my legs were still red and raw, and Wayne flinched in spite of himself. "I know," I said. "Theyre horrible, arent they?" 
"Oh, sweetie."
I burst into tears. Being Wayne, he burst into tears right along with me. Then he carefully climbed onto the couch and cuddled me like a teddy bear while we cried our hearts out together.
At one point Wayne caught his breath long enough to say, "Look at it this way, honey--better sliced than diced, right?" Too late, he clapped his hand over his mouth, eyes round with horror. I stared at him, tears still trailing down my face, and started to laugh. Wayne laughed, too. Pretty soon we were absolutely howling, holding on to each other for dear life.
"Michael says I have Sicilian Tourettes," he gasped at one point, and we howled even louder. 
The door opened and Michael appeared. "Dont tell me, let me guess. Youre looking at Waynes high school yearbook."
____________________

After I finished my lasagna-to-die-for and was all showered and jammied, I switched the computer on. When an instant message popped up, I looked at the senders name and smiled. 
Chapter 2: Fairy Godbrothers--Michael
In his haste to escape from a host of painful memories, Michael didnt research the actual location of the companys Springfield, USA office until after he submitted his transfer request. Once the request was approved, he went online and searched for Springfield, Massachusetts. Ah, there it was. Boston was a bit of a drive but still a possibility if he wanted to check it out some weekend; Provincetown was even further but would do for a planned holiday. And New York City was a mere 142 miles to the south. 
His self-imposed exile began to seem a lot brighter.
Whistling "Englishman in New York", he picked up a company brochure to get the exact address of his new workplace. He typed in the street address, the city, and--wait a minute, the state wasnt Massachusetts. With a sense of foreboding, he typed in the correct state and hit Get Directions.
He was about to become an Englishman in... the Midwest.
____________________

I will never forget the day I found Robin beaten almost beyond recognition and nearly dead from loss of blood.
I called 911 and followed instructions as best I could. The landlady went outside to wave the squad over while I sat beside Robin on the blood-soaked bed, hoping she could hear me as I begged her to hang on. When the EMTs asked me what hospital, I couldnt think of any names. "Whichever is closest. City? City it is. I'm right behind you."
 I had enough presence of mind to grab Robin's purse, so her drivers license and insurance card were handy for the inevitable paperwork. I called our office to report that Robin had been in an accident, I was at the hospital with her, and I would keep them informed. Click.
I managed to be a tower of strength until Wayne arrived and it was safe for me to fall apart.
____________________

Long before Robin came into my life, there was Wayne.
One day as I was hurrying back to work after my lunch break, I saw an elderly lady on the opposite corner attempting to cross. Traffic was merciless, and she looked overwhelmed and bewildered. I strode into the street, threw up a hand to halt the cars and escorted her safely to the sidewalk. I tried to talk to her but she didnt speak English, nor was my modest store of French helpful. A frantic young man emerged from a drugstore across the street, spotted my companion and sprinted towards us. "Aunt Paulina!" he exclaimed, and unleashed a torrent of what sounded like Italian. Aunt Paulina responded in kind. 
The young man flashed his brown eyes and bad-boy grin my way. "Aunt Paulina says you helped her cross the street." He pressed a hand to the rainbow frog over his heart. "Thank you! I owe you my black and tattered soul. We were over at the drugstore" he pointed across the street "and I looked away for five seconds. My mother is gonna kill me." 
Aunt Paulina tugged his sleeve and whispered something.
"No, hes not taking us out for coffee. Oh, Christ, wait a second." He twisted an imaginary dial on the side of his head and repeated the statement in maybe-Italian.
Aunt Paulina shook her head and responded more slowly.
"No, no, no!" The young man rolled his eyes.
"Whatever did she say?" I asked.
"That I should take you out for coffee. Shes always trying to fix me up. Im sorry, she doesnt--"
"Please dont apologize," I interrupted. "I can think of far worse fates than having coffee with you."
He brightened. "Well, consider yourself invited! By the way, Im Wayne."
"Consider the invitation accepted. Im Michael."
Aunt Paulina interrupted urgently.
"Oh, now you have to pee!" Wayne groaned. He turned to me. "I work at CurlWinds, two doors down from the drugstore. Im off today, but stop by tomorrow and Ill do you for free." 
I did a double-take.
"I meant your hair!" Another bad-boy grin. "And who knows where that might lead?"
Paulina tugged at his arm again. As they started down the block, Wayne glanced over his shoulder. "Tomorrow, right? Hows noon?"
"Ill be there."
"Remember, ask for Wayne."
"Believe me, I'll remember."
One haircut, a coffee date and a few nights of sin and debauchery later, Wayne brought me home to meet the family.
"Everybody knows Im gay, so no sweat," he explained as he drove us to the house. "Its a fact of family life:  Alicias divorced, Carla has an overbite, and Waynes gay. They worry because they want me to find somebody nice and settle down. Aunt Paulina told them youre the one."
"Do you think Im the one?" 
He smiled. "I know you are."
Waynes mother and sisters went into nurturing overdrive the moment they saw me. His father and brother came over to shake hands and check me out. (Was that relief I saw in Vincent Sr.s eyes?)  The meal was sumptuous, delicious, and affectionately chaotic. Conversational barbs zinged around the table; at one point Wayne leaned over to me and said, "Dont be shy. Grab a knife and jump in." 
After the dishes were cleared, conversation turned to a cousins upcoming wedding. Each of the women wanted Wayne to do her hair for the occasion. Discussion ran to styles and Wayne's opinion of what was "a good look for you" and rapidly escalated to pandemonium. At one point Wayne jumped up on his chair and screamed, "No more weddings ever!"
Someone tapped me on the back. "Dad wants to see you," said Vincent Jr. I followed him to the kitchen, where Vincent Sr. stood waiting.
"Come see my wine cellar." He jerked his thumb towards the cluster of excited females with Wayne holding court in the center. "Sometimes you gotta get away, y'know?" Grateful and immensely flattered, I followed him down the stairs. 
I had been adopted.
 ____________________

If I were to sum up the Wayne and me of things, Id do it thusly:  opposites attract.
Im a low-key, introverted sort, preferring to blend into the scenery and watch the show. Wayne is the show. 
While Im certainly not in the closet, people are often surprised to learn Im gay. The only way they couldn't tell Wayne is gay is if they, or he, were buried six feet underground in a sensory deprivation chamber.
While I tend to be reticent and tactful, Wayne says whatever he wants, whenever he wants. (Example:  "Damned bunch of fuck trophies" in loud, carrying tones when referring to a nearby cluster of ill-behaved brats.)
My family of origin and I disowned each other years ago; for all intents and purposes, Im an orphan. Wayne is the youngest in a family of seven kids. There are five older sisters, all of whom adore him, as do Mama and Aunt Paulina. Dad and older brother Vincent shake their heads in bemusement sometimes, but the love is definitely there as well. 
Im an I.T. minion in a large company. With the exception of Robin and a few actual humans in the mailroom, I keep to myself as much as possible. Wayne is a hairdresser at a wildly eccentric salon called CurlWinds. Hes the heart and soul of the place; everybody, stylists and customers alike, takes their troubles to Wayne. 
Some people would describe him as a walking, talking (and talking, and talking) stereotype. He drives me insane on a regular basis, but I cannot imagine my life without him.
____________________

If I stepped into the apartment next door with no idea who lived there, Id know instantly that it belonged to Robin Callahan. The "key-shell" would be a dead giveaway, of course, along with similar rituals that keep her in charge of her life instead of the other way around, but there's much more than that.
Robin is a book-magnet. Her coffee table consists of a framed mirror resting on an old set of Encyclopedia Britannica. A kryptonite-green four-drawer dresser is crammed with paperbacks and topped by a set of classics. In order to sit down anywhere, one must first displace a pile of literature and then figure out what to do with the displaced pile. 
Until recently, a towering stack of books served as a table for her bedside lamp. She was ecstatic when Wayne brought her a nightstand he found in a consignment shop. The bedside lamp now resides atop a shorter stack of books which, in turn, resides atop the nightstand, whose drawers are stuffed with still more books.
Speaking of bedside, no description of Robins apartment would be complete without the Bordello Bed. 
The thing is enormous, longer and wider than an ordinary bed. It has wildly baroque head and foot boards, each end of which is attached to a canopy frame crowned by a huge metal pineapple. It arrived with a stunning array of brightly colored curtains, pillows and sheets, along with three bedspreads (satin, chenille, and faux fur) and a brand-new mattress protector courtesy of the beds donor.
"You can tell this thing came from a six-foot-three drag queen," Wayne said as we assembled the bed.
Robin had swathed herself in a violently-hued bed curtain as she foraged through the box of goodies. "I can't believe Deva gave me all this stuff! Oh, what are these? Great big stars!"
Wayne peered into the box. "More like the whole solar system. Which makes sense, because Devas 'way out there."
Wayne and I came back from returning the U-Haul to find Robin, Waynes mother and Aunt Paulina happily decorating the bed. 
"Oh, look! It's Christmas in a bordello!" Wayne exclaimed. Three women descended upon him with blood in their eyes, but from that moment on, the flamboyant piece of furniture was known as the Bordello Bed.
Robins houseplants are vibrant creatures, climbing, twining and dangling from every available surface. Her "survival trophies"--the crystals and statues she kept hidden so Craig couldnt sell them for drug money--are all set in places of honor. The gifts Wayne and I have given her are lovingly placed where they can easily be seen or used. Whenever l look at them I remember her stage of healing at the time.
When I look at Robin herself, I see a miracle.
 ____________________

If I didnt love Robin, I would have kept her safely tucked away with Wayne and me. But I did love her, so my protectiveness was tempered by my wish for her to grow into the person she was meant to be. 
When the apartment next to ours became vacant, I was astonished at how mixed my feelings were. It was ideal for Robin--modest rent, perfect size, available immediately and within a stones toss of Wayne and me. But I wanted her in our spare bedroom, seated at our table, curled up in a corner of our couch with one of my books a few inches from her nose. 
I wanted her to be safe.
Wayne and I got in a row about it. He called me a selfish, controlling bastard; I accused him quite unfairly of being jealous of Robin and wanting her gone. Once the pyrotechnics were over, we agreed that, while neither of us wanted Robin to leave, it was only right to tell her about the apartment. We handled it delicately--meaning Wayne kept his mouth shut while I did the talking. I stressed that we loved having her with us and would be happy to go on this way indefinitely, but in case she might be interested
"Right next door? Oh, wow!" And off she popped to peek in the window, leaving Wayne and me staring at each other like the parents of a first-time kindergartner who bounced up the steps of the school bus with nary a backward glance.
 ____________________

The apartment was furnished in no time thanks to the combined efforts of Waynes family, co-workers, and extensive network of gay, artistic, and artistically gay friends. The end result was eccentric, to say the least, but it was warm, welcoming and uniquely Robin.
While Robin loved playing house by day, nights were something else. The first few mornings after the move, we found her asleep on our couch. These occasions became less frequent and stopped altogether as she felt increasingly secure in her new home, and I was ashamed of myself for feeling bereft.
 "Youre co-dependent as hell, Michael," Wayne sighed.
"Hear the pot blackguarding the kettle!" I exclaimed. "You are a veritable poster child for co-dependency!"
"Its a family curse, were imprinted in utero." He looked at my woebegone face and relented. "But its all about Robin getting better, right?"
"Right."
"And part of Robin getting better is having her own big-girl place, right?"
"Right again."
 "Besides, the walls are so thin we can hear anything that goes on over there."
"True."
"Come to think of it, she can hear us."
"What a perfectly dreadful thought." 
He put an arm around me. "Depends on what she hears, snookums."
 
 
Chapter 3: Youve Got Mail--Robin
The guys didn't know about my online friend.
It was obvious why I wouldnt tell Wayne--hed immediately devise a way to turn my chats into an unsavory threesome, or at least harass the daylights out of me. Id always told Michael the good, the bad, and the blatantly TMI, but I hadnt told him about Jared and me.
Not that there was much to tell. We met through an online chat called The ESH Room--as in, Experience, Strength and Hope, for people recovering from substance abuse. As I entered the room one evening and signed in as Little Bird, an all-caps message tore across the screen:
Zekiel13:  JARED ARE YOU HERE
Other people responded, but Zekiel13 didnt reply.
Zekiel13:  JARED WHERE ARE YOU THIS IS BAD
jca888:  Right here. Step away from the caps lock. Whats up?
I read along as jca888/Jared talked Zekiel13 down from his ledge. It was impressive--compassionate but on target, with absolutely no B.S.--and I found myself looking for Jared whenever I hit the chat room. We tended to be online at the same times, so it was easy to get acquainted from a safe distance. He had a good chunk of clean time, along with a literally star-spangled history as a roadie for an infamous heavy metal band called Infernal before he crashed and burned. 
I got brave and threw a few comments into the room, and Jared invariably responded. Over the next few weeks we took part in a lot of the same discussions and began to develop a rapport. One day we were the only people in the room and the conversation became more personal. We were having such a great time we didnt notice other people had joined us until:
carvdnstone:  Damn guys. I feel like a voyeur. 
jca888:  Little Bird, weve just been told to get a room.
We switched to instant messages in order to share details such as where we lived (a little over an hour apart) and that we'd been to the same restaurant--Mexicali Blues--more than a few times. 
Little Bird:  Hey, maybe I saw you there!
jca888:  Im six foot four and wear a black cowboy hat. 
Little Bird:  THAT I would have remembered.
jca888:  You?
Little Bird:  Five foot nothing. Red hair. Id be the one spilling salsa in her lap.
jca888:  Cant say as Ive had the pleasure.
The more we chatted, the more I liked him. The more I liked him, the more I wanted to chat. As a result, I was often up until well past midnight.
"Your eyes look like a Shar Peis," Wayne observed. "What the hell are you doing over there?"
"Are you okay, luv?" asked Michael.
I reassured Michael, stuck my tongue out at Wayne.
But I still didnt tell them.
 ____________________

When my bangs grew long enough to get tangled in my eyelashes, I asked Wayne for a trim. He showed up on Saturday with the tools of his trade and I submitted to a half-hour of expert styling accompanied by a lecture on the evils of do-it-yourself coloring. As a reward for my patience, Michael arrived bearing something scrumptious in an old-fashioned ice cream glass. "Here you go, pumpkin."
"Pumpkin!" Wayne snorted. "You realize hes referring to your god-awful hair color, dont you? Or maybe the size of your ass."
"Eat a bug, Wayne. Aw, Michael, a root beer float!" 
"Not just any root beer float," Wayne corrected. "Haagen-Dazs ice cream, honey. With real whipped cream on top, not that canned crap they use in porn movies."
 "Im sure thats the voice of experience talking."
"In his dreams, maybe." Michael plunked himself down in my computer chair and sighed. "What have you got on your keyboard this time? Good lord, woman, youre a slattern!"
Wayne set the scissors down. "Go ahead and dig in while it's still cold, Princess. It looks good enough to make me stop drinking!"
"That would require an act of God!" 
An IM "ding" sounded from the computer. As I struggled out of my chair, Michael peered at the screen. "Hello, whats this? Youve got mail!"
Wayne shoved me aside. "As in m-a-l-e? Move over. Im gonna type Hey, Sailor. New in town?"
I turned off the power switch with my foot. 
"It was a guy!" Wayne draped an arm around Michael and stared at me accusingly. "Youve been cheating on us!"
"Hes just an internet friend, so knock it off. I could be out hitting the bars and dragging home whatever was left at closing time."
 Michael struck a pose. "Wayne: The Early Years."
Wayne shot him a poisonous look and turned back to me. "Listen, Missy, the internet is one big petri dish of pervs! You have no idea who this person is!"
"Ill bet his friends are saying the same thing about me."
"That's different. Youre not a perv."
"They dont know Im not a perv!"
"Where did you find this perv--person, anyhow?"
"In a chat room for people in recovery."
"Great! Drug addicts and drunks."
"Yeah. Like me!"
Michael glared at him, and Wayne had the grace to look embarrassed before entering into the next barrage. "Now youre gonna tell us youre planning to meet this guy in person!" 
"Weve been talking about it," I admitted.
"You dont know him from Adams housecat. Sounds real safe to me!"
"You want to talk about safe?" I yelled. "I met Craig at his mothers birthday party. His sister introduced us!"
For once Wayne was at a loss for words. Before I could savor my victory, I noticed Michael was awfully quiet. I knelt down beside him and grabbed his hand. "Oh, Michael, everything's okay. Please dont worry." 
And Wayne had never seen me before The Bad Thing, but he still insisted on taking me into his and Michael's home. He pitched in with my post-hospital care, keeping up an outrageous patter to divert my attention from all the necessary invasions of privacy. He cried along with me the day I knocked over that stupid jar of peppers, then gave me back the laughter I thought was lost forever. I grabbed his hand, too.
"Guys, I'll be careful, I promise."
"Its not that we dont want you to have a life." Michael's unsteady voice brought tears to my eyes. "But we worry. Some of us more noisily than others."
We had a nice moment of loving each other until Wayne broke the spell. "Whats it gonna be, dolls--Kumbaya or a group hug?"
 ____________________

Later that week, Jared and I got serious about meeting face to face. Working out the details became a study in frustration because my internet connection kept cutting out.
jca888:  Heres my phone number. Call me and well get things settled.
I jotted down his number, took a deep breath and called.
"Hey there, Robin Little Bird!"
Because of The Bad Thing, followed by major surgery and long, painful weeks of healing, sex hadnt been a blip on my personal radar for a long time. Later, I was too involved with intensive counseling and major life changes to give any thought to it. But now, I wanted to crawl into bed beside that deep, husky voice with its hint of New England and never come out.
"Hey, yourself!"
We were so fascinated by actually talking that we almost forgot to set up when and where wed meet. We decided on the next day, a Friday, after work, at my home group meeting.
"That's over an hours drive for you after working all day, though," I said.
"I wouldnt care if it was two hours. Or six. Or eleven. Ill be there."
"Ill hold you to it."
"Promise me you wont dress up. My version of high fashion is whichever denim shirt has the most buttons."
I laughed. "If I showed up at this meeting in fancy drag, everybody would think Id been out cruising crack houses and was trying to fake my way back to respectability."
"Once they see you with me, you can forget about looking respectable!"
As the conversation continued, I knew if he said, "Oh, what the hell, why dont I drive down there tonight," Id say yes, even though the internet was a giant petri dish of pervs and I didnt know him from Adams housecat. But he didnt. 
Instead, we talked until 2:42 the next morning.
 
 
Chapter 4: Face to Face--Robin
It was the longest Friday in the recorded history of Fridays.
I thinned out my grossly overpopulated computer desktop. Then I cleaned out desk drawers, which left me with a full trash can and a place where I could put my purse instead of dumping it on the floor next to my hard drive. 
I went to pester Michael, but he was in a meeting.
I called Time-of-Day to check the accuracy of my computer's clock, which was correct to the second. Multiple calls to Weather confirmed the temperature was holding steady at 67 degrees. I called my home answering machine and a voice that sent tingles to areas which didnt normally tingle at the office said, "Is this damned day ever gonna be over? See ya tonight, Little Bird."
I lost count of the number of times I replayed that message.
 ____________________

I only had an hour to fight traffic, ditch my work drag and make some attempt at cosmetic damage control before rushing across town, but I took a few precious minutes to tap on the guys door and do a pirouette. "What do you think?" 
Michael gave me two thumbs up. I expected Wayne to descend on me with a hairbrush and comments on how no self-respecting straight woman would be seen yadda-yadda, but instead he said, "You look gorgeous, doll."
I hugged them both and took off. Waynes voice followed me down the sidewalk: "If he doesnt open doors for you, dont fuck him!"
I got to the church early. Jared had warned me traffic might slow him down a bit but hed be there if he had to walk across car roofs, so I wasn't worried. Antsy was another story. I needed an activity, so I was glad to see weeds raising their ugly heads in a border of flowers I'd helped plant during my early clean days. I was yanking on a particularly stubborn root system when a nearby voice said, "Hi, Im Mark." 
"Nice to meet you. Im Jared."
My heart gave a huge thump just as the root system gave way, showering me with dirt.
"Looking for somebody?" Mark was saying.
"Yeah. Robin. About this tall, red hair--"
"See the Earth Mother over there? That would be her."
"Thanks, man. See you inside."
Gravel crunched under boots and stopped a few steps away. "Pardon me, maam, can you tell me where I might find Robin Callahan?"
I scrambled to my feet. My head reached the middle of his denim shirt, which was missing just enough buttons to show a bit of--oh, clutch the pearls--black chest hair along with a silver wolfs head medallion. His eyes were a light golden brown under black eyebrows, and I couldn't look away from them until he swept off his hat, revealing a long black ponytail tied at the nape of his neck with a strip of rawhide. I imagined myself running my fingers through that hair until Waynes imaginary voice snapped, "Stop salivating, you trollop, and say something!"
The knees of my jeans were wet and grass-stained, I was covered with dirt and god only knew what my hair looked like. I wanted to say something witty that he'd never forget, but all I could do was stick out my hand and breathe, "Im Robin."
 ____________________

She looked like an elf. 
A cute, shy elf with tousled red hair and big blue eyes. Her grubby little hand disappeared in his own huge paw, and he was careful not to exert too much pressure.
"Traffic wasn't as bad as you thought," she said
"The Force must have been with me." He couldn't stop looking at her; was this what people meant by getting lost in someone's eyes?
Robin dusted her hands on her jeans. "God, Im a mess. Some first impression! Its not too late to turn around and go home, y'know."
He smiled down at her. "You dont get rid of me that easy, Robin Little Bird."
"I dont want to get rid of you at all," she replied, and turned bright pink.
Jared couldnt remember the last time hed seen a grown woman blush.
"Meetings starting!" somebody yelled.
Robin picked up her purse and promptly dropped it, scattering its considerable contents across the parking lot. They were no sooner on their way again than the purse slipped off her shoulder and she tripped over it. He caught her just before she hit the pavement.
"What is wrong with me?" she exclaimed.
"Absolutely nothing. You're fine, Robin, and so am I."
Actually, he wasn't "fine" at all; he was enchanted.
____________________

After the meeting I headed for the ladies' room. When I finally managed to escape ("Oh, my, Robin! How long has this been going on?") I found Jared getting the third degree from two of the oldest old-timers and hastened to his rescue.
"Sorry about the Grand Inquisition," I said as we headed for the door. "Theyre just being protective."
"Rightly so. If you were in my home group and some shaggy-haired piece of rough trade you met online showed up at a meeting to take you out, Id be grilling his balls over a bed of hot coals." 
"What did they tell you about me?"
He shrugged. "Nothing, really. They mostly wanted to know who I am, how much clean time I've got, what my intentions are..."
"Step down, next witness."
"Just that youve been through a lot. Honest, Robin, thats all they told me."
"I'm sure you've been through a lot, too. We don't end up here because lifes been a bowl of cherries."
"More like a bowl of barbed wire," he agreed.
Jared's car was a blue classic something-or-other from the 70s named Sugar Magnolia. A bunch of guys were milling around her, and Jared proudly did the honors. Eventually everybody trailed off and it was just Jared and me.
At first we leaned against the car and talked. When it started to rain, Jared held his jacket over us like a worn leather umbrella. The rain drove in at a freaky angle which kept us moving closer until we were toe-to-toe.
"Hey, look," he shouted above the downpour. "If I was a serial killer, I wouldve made my move by now. Can we please get in the car before we drown?"
It didn't escape my attention that he opened the door for me.
Once we were settled, Jared put his keys on the dashboard and scooted them over to my side. "Gesture of harmless intent," he explained. 
To my surprise, I caught the keys neatly. "What if my intentions arent harmless?"
He grinned. "I can only hope."
I pulled down the visor in search of a mirror and found myself buried under an avalanche of feathers. As we gathered them up, Jared explained that he'd done a lot of walking over the years, often in wooded areas. "I always find some kind of feather right in the middle of the path. I started collecting them a couple of years ago."
"Youre a hiker?" 
"Just a walker. Especially when Im wired up. I walked damned near twenty miles the day my sponsor died."
"That had to be tough."
"Ayup, it was." Jared patted the visor back into place. "What have you got there?"
I held up a tawny feather almost the same color as his eyes. "I like this one."
"Then its yours. Little Birds are supposed to have feathers."
We talked some more as we got used to each other's physical presence. I started to feel as if Id known him forever and was about to say so when my stomach gave a ferocious growl. "Uh-oh. H.A.L.T.!" 
"I didnt do anything!" Another grin. "Not yet, anyhow."
"C'mon, you know what I mean."
Of the many tools available to people in recovery, H.A.L.T. (Hungry, Angry, Lonely, Tired) was a tried-and-true basic. Whenever I'd call my sponsor to wail about the futility of life in general and my own in particular, she'd run me through a diagnostic that began with "When's the last time you ate?" and ended with "How much sleep did you get last night?"
"Sure does sound like 'Hungry is becoming a concern," Jared agreed. He rummaged in Shug's console. "We can stay right here in the comparative safety of this church parking lot and share a deliciously nutritious already-opened pack of M&Ms which has been here since...oh...last Halloween, if memory serves."
"Is there an 'or'?"
"Ayup. We can drive a mere six blocks down the road and have dinner at our mutually favorite Mexican restaurant. My treat. Or is that too much like a date?"
"If this was a date, Id be wearing Iron Maiden."
"Not a concert t-shirt, I take it."
"Youve heard of Cant-Bust-Em overalls? Iron Maiden is my Cant-Unhook-It bra. Keeps the girls out of the groping zone." The Wayne-ism slipped right past my inner censor, and Jared's laugh bounced off the roof of the car. 
"So, what's it gonna be, Robin Little Bird--M&Ms or Mexican?"
 ____________________

No sooner had our food arrived than I managed to dump taco innards down the front of my shirt and knock over an open bottle of green-death hot sauce. "Whoa, Little Bird!" Jared exclaimed as he hastily tipped the bottle upright. "Youre not still nervous, are you?"
"No, just clumsy. Michael says its my modus operandi."
"Michael as in best-friend Michael?"
"He and Wayne are both my best friends. I wouldnt be sitting here conducting a one-woman food-fight if it wasnt for them." 
Jared moved a water glass out of my elbow's way. "How long have you guys known each other?" 
"Well, I've been working with Michael for almost four years, and I met Wayne a little over two years ago, but it feels like I've known them both forever. Wayne says he and Michael are my Fairy Godbrothers."
He smiled. "That's really nice. I'm kinda jealous--I never stayed in one place long enough to make any close friends."
"Plus you spent years on the road with Infernal. I'll bet that was a blast!"
"Literally! What I remember of it, that is. I don't think I drew a clean and sober breath the whole time I roadied for them. Plus I racked up all kinds of war wounds."
My many quick, covert glances over the course of the evening had indicated he was still in one quite attractive piece. "Like what?"
"Well, there was one concert when I climbed up to the balcony and dived right into the audience."
"Oh, my god, Jared!" I exclaimed. "Didn't they catch you?"
"Well, yeah, they did. Problem was, I took them down with me. Screwed up my back wicked bad, and I'm sure I didn't do them any favors, either."
"Definitely not a golden memory."
"I don't have any memory of it, let alone a golden one. I was in a complete blackout at the time. Only reason I know about it is because the guys raised hell with me later." He shook his head ruefully. "I didn't believe them at first because we were always messing with each other, but somebody caught a picture of my swan dive. Couldn't argue with that."
"Pictures don't lie," I agreed. "What else?"
"Then there was the time I wiped out on the lead singer's Harley and tore my left knee to hell and gone."
"Did somebody hit you?"
"Yeah, a guy named Jose Cuervo." He saw my blank look and added, "Tequila. A whole bottle. Wait, maybe not quite the whole bottle. I remember pouring some into the gash on my knee so's it wouldn't get infected." I cringed, and he said, "Sorry, Little Bird, I guess that was too much information."
"Remind me not to go to a meeting when you're telling your whole story!"
"It's not for the faint of heart or sound of mind," he admitted. "But it was all in another galaxy, far, far away." 
"I remember you telling the ESH group the band members paid for your detox."
"They did, indeed. Plus the treatment center. They saved my life, and I'll always be grateful." He stirred the ice in his water glass with his index finger. "Sad to say, they weren't that kind to themselves. Crank and Devyl both died from overdoses when I had a year and a half clean. The year after that, Ray ate his gun in a hotel elevator."
I knew about that last one--it had been all over the internet for weeks. "But Gabriel's still around, right?" I asked.
"Ayup. He dropped out of the scene completely, lives up on a mountain someplace in West Virginia." 
"I'm glad you made it through," I said. Our eyes met, and I felt my face turn crimson.
"That makes two of us, Robin. Especially tonight."
 ____________________

I reached out to touch one of the silver discs that surrounded the crown of his hat. 
"Gabriel gave me the hat when I first signed on with Infernal," Jared explained. "I was only fifteen, so you can imagine how honored I was to have the lead singer give me his very own hat!" He picked it up and turned it in his hands. "I guess you could call it a talisman, because I won't go anywhere without it."
"I've got a talisman too." I wiped salsa off my fingers and fished a gold disk out of the neck of my shirt. "It was a gift from Michael. "This side says 'Feel the fear', the other side says--" 
"--and do it anyway," Jared read. "Definitely words to live by. Is fear a problem for you?"
"Only if I let it be. I've had tons of counseling, so I've got enough coping mechanisms to bury a triple-decker bus." Jared waited for me to elaborate. When I didn't, he let it go.
"So you, Michael and Wayne are neighbors, right?" he asked.
"Yup. Theyre the ones who found the apartment for me." As usual, any mention of my place had me off and running at the mouth. Jared tossed in an occasional question and laughed loud enough to turn heads at nearby tables. 
"It sounds great," he said. "Compared to you, I live like a monk. Serious Zen."
"Hey, as long as it works for you."
He averted his eyes and toyed with the silverware. "How many plants do you have, total?"
"I lost track ages ago. Come over tonight and you can count 'em yourself." He looked up, surprised, and I felt heat rise in my face again. "I just realized how that sounded."
"I didn't take it that way. But, Robin, you barely know me."
"I know you well enough to like you. And the least I can do is show you the place I've been bending your ear about."
He thought it over for a moment. "I'd really like to see Robin Little Bird's nest. Gotta be at work early tomorrow, so I won't be underfoot for long. Let's finish up here and head on out."
My parking lot was the usual Friday-night mob scene so we had to park our cars at the far end. This meant there was actually a chance of sneaking into my place without the guys seeing us but as I unlocked the door Waynes voice blared through the twilight like a trumpet.
 "so when Gina started in again about her boyfriend being a lousy lover I said, 'Honey, it takes over 200 muscles to fake an orgasm. It only takes 15 to say, Its called a clitoris, and its right here!"
Jared was shaking with suppressed laughter.
"That's Wayne," I sighed. "I'd say he's not always like that, but he is."
The door closed on Wayne singing, "Oh, my, they're he-e-ere! Hey, Michael! Bet you a blow job he stays all night!" 
 ____________________

Robin's apartment was a rainforest. Even the big overstuffed couch was a deep shade of moss green.
Jared ducked his head to avoid the dangling babies of a spider plant, and immediately ducked the other way to escape the predatory clutches of a huge basket of ivy. "You weren't kidding! I havent seen this many plants sincewell, for a long time."
"Wayne calls it Day of the Triffids. That's some old movie about plants taking over the world."
"Ayup. The plants could walk around on their roots and kill people with these poisonous stinger thingies."
"Nice!" Robin was indignant. "Im gonna slap the crap out of that little piss-ant next time I see him!"
"No, you won't. Wayne's part of an endangered species--people who actually say what they think, devil take the hindermost."
"That's Wayne, all right. Are you sure you guys haven't met?"
"No, but I'm looking forward to it." His attention was caught by a delicate plant hanging in a shell-shaped planter. "Oh, wow, a rabbit's foot fern!"
"I'm impressed," Robin said. "Not many people would know that."
"It's a neat plant. It has these things that look just like a rabbit's foot. They're called--" he fumbled for a phrase that lingered just outside his mind's grasp.
"Rhizomes," Robin supplied. 
Jared knew that was the correct name, but the phrase that eluded him was a different one. He felt a flash of uneasiness, but fought it down sternly and turned his attention to a picture of David Bowie as the Goblin King which held a place of honor above the faux fireplace. Banks of candles covered the mantle and filled the empty grate. Crystals winked at him from tables, shelves, window sills. He caught sight of Robin's cluttered computer desk with six pairs of shoes kicked under it and smiled.
The uneasiness was gone, and Jared felt like he'd come home at last.
____________________

 
As we entered the kitchen, Jareds eyes traveled up the walls and along the ceiling.
"That's Cthulhu," I explained. "My pet sweet potato vine. Wayne says he's afraid it's gonna sneak into their apartment one night and strangle them in their sleep."
"I suspect Cthulhu has better things to do with his time." 
As Jared looked around the room, it occurred to me that most people's domiciles didn't include matching rainbow flag curtains and tablecloth, a violently-turquoise toaster and can opener, a zebra-patterned microwave, a full set of gorgeous pottery hand-carried from Italy, and an x-rated kitchen mat.
He sat down at the table, his long legs stretching halfway across the kitchen, and immediately reached for my Alice in Wonderland and Mad Hatter salt and pepper shakers.
"Those were a housewarming present from Orkid," I explained.
"Orkid?" 
"She's the receptionist at the salon where Wayne works, and she's crazy about Alice in Wonderland. Wayne says it's because she fell down the rabbit hole herself and never found her way back out."
"Sounds like the pots calling the kettle black," he said, and turned his attention to the Buddha-hand bookends I used for a napkin holder. 
"Would you like some tea?" I asked. "It's the real thing because Michaels British and hes an insufferable tea snob. Check out my tea pot--Marie Antoinette in full drag. Her headdress is the lid."
"How could I say no to tea served by royalty?" He leaned back, smiling. "This place is fabulous, Robin! Right down to the gold-flake refrigerator."
"Setting me up was a community project," I explained. "I had nothing when I first got here. The guys put the word out, and people were wonderful. Its like living inside a group hug."
"It is, indeed." Jared looked wistful, but quickly banished the expression when he caught me watching him.
While the tea steeped, I treated Jared to the rest of my House and Indoor Garden Tour. Next stop was the bathroom, where I pointed out highlights such as the Venus-Rising-From-the Sea shower curtain, a beautifully-hideous framed mirror straight out of Snow White that brooded over the sink, and a huge fluffy rug almost the same color as the floor tiles.
Jared poked the rug with the toe of his boot. "Is that thing alive?"
"Funny you would say that," I replied. "My first night here, I was so tired from all the moving-in madness that I fell into bed around 7:30. I forgot to plug in the bedside lamp, so when I woke up later it was pitch dark. I couldn't remember where the wall switch was, so I had to feel my way to the bathroom. I took two steps in and landed on what I thought was a dead animal."
"Oh, boy."
"I screamed so loud it woke the guys up and they came running over. Michael forgot he had my spare keys and tried to break the door down. He's not very big, but I think he really could have done it."
"I don't doubt that," Jared said. "Love's a powerful motivator." 
"Anyhow, I opened the door just as he gave his mightiest shove, and we all ended up on the floor. Then we fumbled around in the dark until somebody finally managed to turn on a light. First thing I saw was Wayne, dressed in an orange kimono and armed with a spatula."
"Those things can be deadly in the wrong hands," Jared said, straight-faced.
"Next thing I saw was Michael sprawled on the floor wearing nothing but a pair of black satin bikini briefs with chili peppers printed on them. Last thing in the world I would expect him to wear."
"Them quiet types can fool ya."
"Anyhow, he stared at Wayne and yelled, 'A bloody spatula? What were you planning to do, flip the intruder out the door?' Then Wayne yelled back, 'I thought it was the butcher knife!' and Michael said, 'Somehow I don't find that the least bit comforting!'"
Jared stopped laughing long enough to say, "Sorry I missed it."
"Oh, it was a trip, believe me! So Michael asked me what was wrong, and I told him I stepped on a dead thing in the bathroom. We all went to look, and the corpse turned out to be nothing but the big bad bathmat."
"You'll never hear the end of that."
"Don't I know it! By that time the other neighbors were clustered around outside, so Michael shifted into what Wayne calls his "uber Brit" mode and went to calm the masses."
"In his black-satin-chili-pepper scanties? Not the usual attire for a Voice of Reason."
"You don't know Michael. By the time he was done inventing my encounter with a fearsome bathtub-dwelling spider, the neighbors were all laughing so hard they wouldn't have noticed if he was wearing a G-string and pasties. Everybody went back to their respective beds, and the next day Wayne brought me that to commemorate the occasion." I pointed to a Tinkerbelle nightlight.  "And now for the last stop on our tour"
"You mean there's more?"
"Heck, yeah!  I put on my Michael voice and announced, "Prepare for the pice de rsistance, mon cher ami!" 
Jared looked startled, and his smile disappeared.
"Don't be scared, I'll protect you," I said jokingly. When he didn't answer, I asked, "Hey, are you okay?"
He blinked and ran a hand over his hair. "Yeah, I'm good." The smile was back in place, but something had definitely shaken him up. "Let's do it!"
When I flung the door open to reveal the Bordello Bed in all its glory, Jared gave a low whistle. "Wow, Robin Little Bird! I am definitely impressed!"
"It's fabulous, isn't it? I always wanted a canopy bed when I was a little girl, but I never got one.  This more than makes up for it."
"It does, indeed." He reached out to run a hand over the sunset-colored bed curtain. "Was this part of the community project?"
"Yup." I sat down on the edge of the mattress. "Look how far my feet dangle above the floor! I guess it's a big bed for a fugitive from the dwarf star to sleep in all by herself, but I love it."
 ____________________

Back in that other galaxy far, far away, Jared would have been making his move right about now. He'd tell himself that Robin wouldn't have invited him back to her place and shown him this extremely enticing bed if she wasn't hoping to share it with him, so let's get it on, already!
But that was then, and this was now.
He knew Robin had no ulterior motives; she'd invited him over simply because they were newfound friends and she wanted to show off her beloved sanctuary.
He'd also noticed how protective of Robin the members of her home group had been, and he was touched by the saga of Michael and Wayne rushing over in their memorable nightwear to rescue her during the Dead Bathmat episode. This went far beyond Robin being such a cute little thing; obviously she'd been through something pretty awful, and he'd be twice-damned before he'd do anything that might cause further harm.
"Our tea's probably turning into swamp water," he said.
"Crap! I forgot all about it!" she exclaimed. "End of tour, back to the scullery."
As Jared followed her to the kitchen, he thought of the reprehensible things he'd done--and been--during his active junkie days. More often than not, he was grateful for the holes those drugs had burned in his memory because there was stuff he was probably better off not knowing. But tonight he'd discovered something that shocked him more than anything he could dredge up from the past: he was actually a pretty nice guy.
 ____________________

By the time the tea was gone, Jared and I were well past the awkward stage. The conversation had become more personal; purely accidental physical contact felt like an electric shock, and we seemed to be having a lot of those accidents. Before I knew it, the clock read 11:30. 
Jared sighed. "Id better get a move on."
"Rats."
"My sentiments exactly." He inspected the Mad Hatter pepper shaker again. "I could come by tomorrow night after work. I mean, if you want me to."
I was touched by the sudden shyness in his voice. "Are you kidding? I definitely want you to!"
He looked up. "Really?"
"Of course really! Ill be home from my Saturday meeting by 5:30. We can have dinner here and just kick back."
"Sounds like a plan to me." Jared retrieved his hat and jacket and I walked him to the door. I rose up on my tippiest tiptoes as he leaned down towards me. We kissed lightly and hugged each other. As he reached the foot of the steps I ran to the edge of the porch and called, "Hey, Jared!"
He stopped and turned. "Yes, maam?"
 "Do you really have to leave?"
"I dont have to do anything but die when my time comes."
"Then dont go."
 He lingered by the steps, his eyes steady on mine. "Little Bird, are you saying what I think you're saying?"
I nodded, amazed at how un-scared I was.
"Well, then, lets get you in the house, woman. Its cold out here!" Jared was back on the porch in two giant strides. "Here, put your poor frozen feet on top of mine," he said. I did, and he walked us both back into the apartment.
 ____________________

It wasnt fear. Jared knew a lot about fear: how it felt, how it sounded, even how it smelled. If Robin was afraid, hed know it. She seemed comfortable with him, but hesitant, uncertain. 
A possibility occurred to him. "Hey, this isnt your first time, is it?"
"No, but I'm not the most experienced person in the world, either."
Jared, who had more than enough experience for both of them, could work with this.
"Don't worry," he said. "Stop means stop and no means no, okay? If its not good for both of us, then its no damned good at all."
Robin nodded, her eyes fixed on his. Then she surprised him by reaching behind his neck to untie the rawhide strip. His hair fell loose and she ran her fingers through it. He did the same to her, creating a wild red nimbus around her head. They looked at each other and laughed. Then they kissed, and kissed again.
As they sank into the flamboyant depths of the Bordello Bed, Jared suspected "stop" and "no" would not be on the agenda that night.
 
Chapter 5: The Walls Have Ears-Michael
"What on earth are you doing?" 
Wayne stood at the head of our bed, ear pressed flat against the wall. He motioned me over and hissed, "Whats he saying?"
"Auditory voyeurisms a new low even for you!" I hissed back. "Come on, thats enough!" 
"No, wait. Listen for a second!"
Curiosity won out over my better nature and I put my ear to the wall. "Oh, my!"
Wayne tugged at my arm. "What? What? What?" 
"Its French. And no, I won't tell you what it means," I said as I climbed into bed. "Youre a bad influence, Wayne."
"Oh, like you arent dying to know whats going on over there!"
"Im only concerned for her safety." 
"Right, Sister Mary Michael. And Im George Clooney!"
"Dont I wish!" I sighed. Wayne smacked my head with the book from my nightstand, then stepped across me to reach his own side of the bed. I hoped we could settle down peacefully, but certain sounds from the other side of the wall were unmistakable.
"He found it! Already!" Wayne announced. "I should have him give pointers to Ginas boyfriend."
"Ill make sure the paramedics are on standby when you ask him."
"Wow, shes really getting into it! You go, girl!" Wayne stage-whispered towards the wall.  "Hey, maybe shes multi-orgasmic. God knows she deserves to be."
"Wayne, youre incorrigible."
"Well, she does!" 
A short silence from next door, followed by squeaking bedsprings. I reached over to turn on the radio, but Wayne grabbed my arm. "Oh, cmon! Were family!"
I turned to stare at him. "You find absolutely nothing strange about that statement, do you!"
Wayne's hummingbird mind fluttered to another topic. "Who knows where hes been before Robin found him? Hope hes using a condom."
"Why dont you give a shout to remind him?" I asked, and slapped a hand across his mouth before he could do exactly that.
Odd metallic sounds, followed by a series of objects hitting the floor.
"There went the solar system," Wayne reported. "Boy, he's definitely got the power!"
"Ah, mon dieu!" a decidedly masculine voice cried out from the other side of the wall, and the bedsprings were still at last.
Wayne turned to me. "That was French."
"No! Really?"
A bit of rustling as people shifted and got settled. Conversation, but the voices were pitched too low to hear.
"Hes something else!" said Wayne. "The Princess is no slouch, either." He fanned himself. "Wow. Stuff like that can kill you!"
I retrieved my book from the floor. "As will Robin, when she finds out you were eavesdropping."
"You were eavesdropping, too!"
"I overheard, at your behest. You, however, did everything but drill a hole in the wall!"
"Are you gonna tell Robin?"
"Certainly not. But you will."
"Are you nuts? No way am I gonna tell her!"
"You wont be able to resist. Youll be blithering away about something else and itll fall out of your mouth like a great gobbet of spittle right in the middle of the table. Subsequently, Robin will kill you."
"Ain't gonna happen."
"Yes, it is. But dont worry--I promise to miss you desperately and think of you often."
 
Chapter 6: Show and Tell--Robin 
"My feet hang over the edge of most beds, but it's like this one was tailor-made for me," Jared said afterwards.
"It was actually tailor-made for a six-foot-three drag queen named Deva, but the same principles would apply."
His laugh shook the few remaining stars on the bed frame. "Why does that not surprise me! Well, next time you see Deva, be sure to convey my thanks." 
"I'll do that. Hey, Jared, can I ask you something?"
"After all we've been to each other? Go ahead, shoot."
"Would it have made a difference if this was my first time?"
He raised his head to stare at me. "It most certainly would have! Just because I look like a Klingon don't mean I act like one!"
"Just wondering." I ran my finger along a big raised scar on his abdomen. "Whats this from?" 
"Bar fight, in another galaxy far, far away. Scars are just tattoos with scarier stories, and I've got quite a few of 'em. You aint getting no blank canvas here." 
"My canvas isnt blank either."  In the spirit of show and tell, I turned on the bedside lamp so he could see the scars on my legs. He stared at them, then at me, pain in his eyes. "Good lord, Robin! What happened?"
I found myself telling him about The Bad Thing, complete and unabridged. Jared listened without interruption, his eyes never leaving mine until I finished. Then he took both my hands in one of his. "Why didn't you tell me about this before we--"
"What would have happened if I told you?" I interrupted.
"Well, we wouldn't have ended up here! Not so soon, anyhow."
"Then it's a good thing I kept my mouth shut, because here is exactly where I wanted us to end up." 
"Please tell me this wasnt your first time since it happened."
"I could tell you that ..."
"Oh my god." Jared covered his eyes with his hand. 
"...but it would be a lie, and liars go to hell."
"Oh my god," he groaned again, then turned to me in alarm. "I didnt hurt you, did I? Im a big clumsy hulk, and youre so--"
"You didnt hurt me, Jared. Not in a bad way." 
"Jesus, Robin!"
"Relax, big guy! It was the perfect First Time After, and I promise you didnt re-traumatize me. Rock my world, yes, traumatize, no."
Jared fell back on the pillow. "Woman, youre gonna be the death of me."
"Nope." I snuggled into the curve of his arm and twined my fingers in that clutch-the-pearls chest hair. "I think Im gonna be the life of you."
 ____________________

"What does this mean?" I asked, and sounded out one of the foreign phrases hed used earlier.
I felt him tense up, but his voice remained calm. "Where did you hear that?"
"You said it right before weyou know."
"I did? Are you sure?"
"Uh, yeah. I was there, remember?"
"It means dont be afraid," he said.
"There was other stuff, too." I repeated some more phrases, and he reluctantly translated. "That means youre so sweet. That's just go with it. I said what? You dont need to know what that means. I'm not telling you, Robin!"
I made a mental note to ask Michael next time I saw him. "Okay, whats petite oiseau?"
"Little bird. No surprise there." He relaxed and started to enjoy the game. "Okay, here's a new one. Coup de foudre. Its literally lightning strike'."
I looked around at the scattered clothes and pillows. "Lightning definitely struck here, thats for sure."
"But it also means love at first sight. Which definitely struck here." He tapped his chest. "At least for me."
"For me, too. How do you say I love--"
"Je t'aime. Which I do, by the way."
"Je t'aime. Which I by the way do, too."
We were so happy we would have sickened anybody but ourselves. Just as I was dozing off, I heard Jared say to himself, "French. God help me." 
____________________

Jared woke up a few hours later parched as the Sahara and mildly disoriented, but one glance at the girl lying peacefully beside him brought the events of the previous evening back into focus. 
"Oh, Robin Little Bird," he said softly as he caressed her cheek. "What in the world did you drag home with you?"
He carefully eased out of the Bordello Bed, narrowly avoiding the pointed edges of a fallen metal star, and went in search of water.  He made his way to the kitchen sink, smiled at Robin's Marvin the Martian nightlight, and drank out of his cupped hand rather than dirty a glass.
A photograph on the refrigerator caught his attention. He stepped closer and immediately recognized Robin's smiling face. On her left stood a slightly built, serious-looking blonde man with round eyeglasses that gave him the look of a gentle natured and particularly intelligent owl. The right side was occupied by an impish-looking guy with tons of dark curls and a green t-shirt emblazoned with, "Fuck me! I'm a leprechaun!" Both were looking at Robin with unabashed affection, and Jared wasn't surprised to see "My family of choice" written in a corner of the photo.
When he returned to the bedroom and saw Robin still fast asleep with her thumb in her mouth, the sudden surge of tenderness that welled up inside him was almost more than he could handle. He crept back into bed and Robin gave him a sleepy, trusting smile before nestling contentedly into his arms as if she'd always belonged there.
Now listen, you stupid psycho jackass, he told himself sternly as he kissed her tangled hair. If you screw this up, I will personally blow you away. 
 
 
Chapter 7: 6:17 Yesterday Evening--Michael 
I woke up to the shrilling of Robin's alarm clock. It was quickly silenced, followed by low voices, muted laughter, and ah, there were those bedsprings again. I braced myself for Wayne's inevitable comment, but none was forthcoming from the empty space beside me. The heavenly smell of baking cinnamon rolls drifted through the apartment as I headed for the kitchen.
"What time did you get up?" I asked.
"Half an hour ago," Wayne replied over the torrent of hot water blasting into a mixing bowl. "I'm gonna take these over to Robins as soon as Studly Hungwell leaves." 
"Might be awhile. Theyre a bit busy at the moment."
"Again? They didnt finish up the first time until after midnight. Then I thought I heard a little something around three o'clock, but you were snoring so loud I wasn't sure."
"Good grief!" I exclaimed. "Did you spend the whole night stuck to the wall like a suction cup?" Wayne turned away to mop the counter top, a favorite move when he felt vulnerable. I gave him a quick hug and said, "I'm sorry, luv. You were worried about her. Me, too. I don't know how many times I stepped out on the porch to see if his car was still there."
"Four," Wayne replied promptly. "Looks like everything turned out okay, though." He beamed up at me. "And Little Miss Hot Pants owes us every juicy detail!"
 ____________________

While Wayne decided on his outfit for the day, Robins door opened and closed, followed by footsteps headed towards the parking lot. 
The kitchen was Wayne's domain and I was rarely allowed there without supervision; hence, my knowledge of the landscape was minimal. I grabbed the nearest plate (which turned out to be an antique something-or-other that had been in Wayne's family for millennia), threw some cinnamon rolls on it and caught up with Jared just as he reached his car. 
"Hello," I panted. "I can think of a dozen flimsy excuses for waylaying you like this, but the truth is Im an over-protective lunatic who is blatantly checking you out."
Jared turned to face me and I was immediately struck by his eyes, which reminded me of a topaz necklace I'd seen my mother wear dozens of times before our paths uncrossed forever. He grinned and held out his hand. "You must be Michael." Those eyes were warm and steady on mine, and I wondered how much Robin had told him. 
"Guilty as charged," I replied. "For my part, I know that, (a) you exist, (b) you have excellent taste in women, and--"
"(c) Wayne just scooted over to Robins place," Jared interrupted. "That is Wayne, isnt it?"
I turned in time to see Wayne vanish through Robin's doorway. "It's official--we're both pathetic. Can I offset our demented behavior with some homemade cinnamon rolls?"
"You can offset a lot worse than demented with these! Thanks. Tell Wayne thanks, too."
"I will indeed, assuming I'm allowed to survive. Robins probably ready to kill the two of us."
"Not a chance. She loves you guys. Youre really special to her."
"It would seem youre rather special to her as well."
Jared gazed at Robins apartment again, obviously hoping for a glimpse of the lady herself. I could tell this wasn't just a one-night stand, and I found myself liking him. "Me?" he said. "Im just the guy who fell in love with her at 6:17 yesterday evening."  
"Which makes you the special-est of us all." 
"Here's hoping." Jared climbed into his car. "Id like to hang around and talk some more, but I'd best get gone if I want to have a job to get gone to. Ill bring your plate back tonight."
"Oh, good! Well be seeing you again."
"Actually, I hope to be cluttering up your parking lot quite a bit," he replied with a grin, then tipped his hat and drove off.
 
 
 
 
Chapter 8: On a Sea of Post-Orgasmic Bliss--Robin 
Jared couldnt have been gone five minutes before Wayne burst through the door brandishing a basket. "Ooh, girlfriend, we has lots to dish about!" 
"Wheres Michael? Still asleep?"
He rummaged in my cabinet for plates. "Hell, no. He's out in the parking lot going all Scotland Yard on your new boy toy."
"Better Michael than you!" I pulled out a kitchen chair, and he made a big show of grabbing a pillow from the couch to put under me. 
"He stayed overnight!" Wayne caroled when Michael joined us. "On the first date, no less!"   
"It wasnt a date!" I protested.
"Bullshit! It was a date. Dont you love it, Michael? Robins a slut!"
Michael kissed the top of my head. "She's no such thing." 
"She is, too! For straight people, sex on the first date equals slut. Didnt you know that? God, youre gay!"
"Im gay?" Michael threw a hand over his heart. "Oh my stars, whenever did that happen?"
"Across the pond, long before the door to a certain closet finally got kicked open."
"They couldnt keep you in the closet if they bricked up the door," Michael retorted.
Id heard all this before. "Aw, Jared didnt get any cinnamon rolls!"
"Yes, he did," said Michael. "Three of them."
Wayne licked icing from his wrist. "Beware of Brits bearing pastry, I always say. Okay, you little trollop. What time did you two hit the mattress?"
"I dunno. Midnight, maybe?"
"And how many times?"
"Ignore him," Michael advised. "Maybe hell go away."
I held up three fingers, and even Michael was impressed.
"Three times in six hours? Its a wonder the man didn't crawl to his car!"
"Well, this one cant even sit down without--" Wayne began, and I shoved him off his chair.
"Jared seems like a really nice guy," Michael continued. "I like him."
"Tall, dark, and passably handsome, in a Wuthering Heights-ish way," Wayne replied. "No wonder you like him."
"Thats not what I meant." Michael reached over to tousle my already tousled hair. "And he's quite taken with the Princess."
"Is he?" I asked eagerly. "Do you really think so?
"I do, indeed. I take it the feeling is reciprocal?" 
"Oh, yes. Very, very yes!"
 "Im going to be very, very sick," Wayne groaned. "Well, tell us about him. Whats his last name?" 
"Uh"
Michael came to my rescue. "Its a recovery thing. They tend not to use last names."
"No, for this one its a lust thing and she tends not to use her brain. How old is he?"
"Uh...Capricorn." 
"So much for age. Where does he work?"
"Wait. He told me. Gimme a minute."
"Why do I even try?" Wayne petitioned the heavens. "She's still drifting on a sea of post-orgasmic bliss. Id have better luck sending a message in a bottle."
 "His eyes are quite striking," Michael observed.
"They are, arent they?" I agreed dreamily. "I remember reading about amber eyes, but I've never seen them up close before." 
"Any self-respecting werewolf has amber eyes," Wayne cut in. "Except when they turn red right before the kill." 
"Jared's quite impressive in the height department," Michael continued. "How tall is he?"
"Six-four." 
"So your head hits his armpit," Wayne observed. "Charming!"
"He says my head reaches the top of his heart."
"Pass the bucket!"
"Oh hush, Wayne," said Michael. "I think its sweet. Reminds me of an old saying: the heather honeys always sweetest high atop the mountain."
"Humph! Reminds me of an even older sayingbatshit crazy starts at the top and works its way down! Dont encourage her!"
Michael ignored him and happily added coals to the fire. "He's got gorgeous hair. How long is it when its loose?" 
I pointed to my collar bones.
"Great!" Wayne sighed. "You're dating a six-foot-four, long-haired Capricorn with no last name and werewolf eyes. What could possibly go wrong?" 
 ____________________

Wayne peered at me from across the table. "A promiscuous tumbleweed," he pronounced. He went to the bedroom and returned hauling my purse. "What have you got in here, the head of John the Baptist?" 
"Wouldnt surprise me in the least," said Michael.
Wayne fished out my hairbrush and regarded it with a professional's disdain. "Dont you ever clean this thing? It looks like my mothers cat yerked up a foxs tail. I could stuff a mattress with this!" He began to yank wads of hair from the bristles. "Getting back to mattresses, how big is his--"
"I don't keep a tape measure on the nightstand!" 
Wayne shrugged. "Even if you did, youd just put a book on it. Well, you can guess-timate, cant you? Is it--"
"--bigger than a breadbox?" Michael offered. 
 "For crying out loud, Wayne! Is sex all you ever think about?"
"Of course it is." Wayne moved behind me to inspect my hair more closely. "That, and roots. Yours are showing, by the way."
"Dont start. Youre worse than a monkey looking for fleas. Get off me!"
Wayne ignored my protest and began to brush. "You know, since youre f--uh--involved with somebody, you should make sure your carpet and drapes match." He gestured inappropriately. "Always a challenge for you chemical redheads." 
"Remind me: why do I like you?"
"Its too late anyhow, Wayne," Michael interrupted. "The cats already out of the bag."
"Cat? You mean puss-"
"Do not go there!"
"Okay, okay. Back to Prince Charming. People who wear cowboy hats dont usually speak French. Whats the story?"
Michael closed his eyes and covered his ears as I reared up like a cobra. "How do you know he speaks French? You rotten little weasel! You were spying!" 
Eager to deflect the blame, Wayne pointed at Michael. "So was he!"
"That is a blatant and self-serving misrepresentation of the facts," Michael objected.
Wayne whirled on him. "I didn't even know it was French until you told me!"
 "Michael!" 
"Oh, knock it off!" Wayne snapped. "You guys were so damned loud they probably heard you at the fire station! Im surprised they didnt send a truck over to hose you both down and spray a gallon of WD-40 on those bedsprings." 
"Well, theres always tonight," I replied.
"Oh, shut your ho mouth." Wayne reached for the basket. "Who wants the last cinnamon roll?"
 ____________________

Things had definitely not gone the way Jared expected.
The plan had been to drive down, meet Robin, have coffee or dinner together, then drag his weary bones home and sleep until it was time to go to work. He never expected Robin to invite him to her apartment, and he'd been shocked when he walked into her place and felt instantly at home. 
He had no idea he'd end up spending the night--not that he was complaining, mind you--and no way in a million years had he been ready for The Bad Thing or the surge of pain, rage and fierce protectiveness that struck him dumb as he listened. If he could have dug up Craig and killed him all over again, he would have done it. Instead, he'd kissed every one of those awful scars, silently appointing himself Robin's personal protector from here on out.
French sneaking its way through was definitely unexpected and badly disconcerting. A familiar feeling of dread tried to creep in, but he smothered it quickly and returned to his original train of thought.
Most of all, he hadn't expected to look into Robins eyes for the first time and feel his soul twine itself together with hers. He wondered if she felt the same way; he sure hoped so, because even in this early stage of their relationship he couldn't imagine his life without Robin in it.
 
Chapter 9: Benign Delirium--Robin 
Jared and Wayne sat on Sugar Magnolias hood howling like coyotes when I pulled up after my meeting. 
 "Uh-oh," I said. "Why do I see my life flashing before my eyes?" 
Jared wiped away tears and reached for my hand. "Not to worry, darlin'. I dont believe a word he said about you."
"Ha! Don't listen to him, Princess. He just wants to get lucky tonight. Or should I say luckier?"
"I've been hearing about the interesting acoustics in these apartments," Jared explained.
"Wayne, I am so gonna kill you!"
"Gotta catch me first, sweet cheeks, and Im ten pounds lighter than you." He glanced at my derriere. "Make that fifteen."
"Does Michael know you're on the loose?"
"He's in the Seventh Circle of the Geek Zone. He didn't even hear me leave."
"Remind me to put a bell around your neck!"
Jared intervened. "Relax, Little Bird. Me and Wayne have just been getting acquainted."
"You say that like its a good thing!"
"Are you guys going out for dinner?" Waynes eyes sparkled wickedly. "We could make it a foursome." 
I jumped into the ensuing silence before the conversation could go Wayne-ways. "We're staying home. Ive got something all ready to go at my place." 
"Ill just bet you do!" He turned to Jared. "Keep an eye on this one. Sometimes she catches the diet bug from those harpies at work and tries to survive on itty bitty servings you could fit in a gnats ass. Then she gets bitchier than all five of my sisters when Aunt Flo comes to visit." He grinned. "Can you imagine growing up with that? No wonder Im gay."
 Jared clutched his side. "Stop it, man! Youre killing me!"
"I do not get bitchy!" I protested.
"Tell that to somebody who doesn't know you! Then there was the time she passed out at work because she was starving to death. Michael wheeled her chair up to the sink in the mens room and threw water in her face until she came around."
Jared leaned towards me. "Count your blessings. Could've been the toilet."
Wayne jerked a thumb in Jared's direction. "Hey, I like this guy!"
"Hardly a character reference! And, for the record, Michael splashed water on me, not threw."
"So? You got wet, didnt you? Anyhow, Michael raised holy hell with her and called me to come pick her up."
"Adding insult to injury," said Jared. "What happened next?"
"I brought this one home with me, of course. We spent the rest of the day on the couch eating cheesecake and watching classic movies." Wayne cocked his head to one side. "You know, I never thought of Michael as a dom, but the potentials definitely there." He slid down from Shug, narrowly missing my feet as he landed. "Later, kiddies. Dont do anything I wouldnt do. Oh, my, wouldnt that cramp your style!"
"Hes something else," Jared remarked as Wayne scurried up the stairs. 
"Do let me know if you ever figure out what!"
"Aw, be nice, Little Bird. He loves you." Jared pulled me up on the hood beside him. "Seems to be a lot of that going around."
Jared coming to my place became a regular thing. Every weekend, with an occasional Tuesday or Wednesday night if Friday was just too damned far away. While Wayne claimed that I kept Jared locked away to use as my personal sex slave, we didnt spend all our time in bed, or even in the apartment. 
We walked a lot, sometimes in the neighborhood, more often in parks and wooded areas. This was a case of Couch Potato Robin boldly going where she'd rarely gone before, and concessions had to be made. When Jared noticed I took two and a half steps for one of his, he quickly adjusted his stride. If I needed a breathing break, he'd sit down beside me and point out things like an intricate spider web decorated with dew, a hawk circling in the sky, or, "Look over there."
"A chipmunk! Aw, hes cute!"
"Hes not the only one." Jared draped an arm around my shoulders. "But you didn't hear that from me."
Sometimes hed scoop up a piece of wood and whip out his pocketknife. A few minutes later hed present me with a funny face, a Celtic design or a whistle that actually worked. His fingers were long but deft; he could weave wreaths and bracelets out of flowers and twigs faster than I could lace my sneakers.
One time Jared stopped me as we were walking beside a creek. He put a finger to his lips and pointed to the opposite side. A deer emerged from the bushes, closely followed by two fawns. I watched, spellbound, as they approached the water and drank. The mother deer looked up, ears twitching; she and the young ones bounded off in a flurry of long legs and white tails. 
"Ive never seen deer this close before!" 
"Hired em special just for you." Jared tucked yet another feather into the brim of his hat and smiled at me. 
I felt a rush of love so strong it took my breath away. "Im so glad I didnt die," I said when I could speak.
He reached out to take my face in his hands. "Good god, Robin Little Bird, so am I."
 
 
 ____________________

"What do you mean you forgot?" Michael demanded.
I'd been so caught up in the Jared and me of things that I hadn't paid the electric bill; hence, I was bedding down in the guys' spare room for the night.
"Bit in the ass by the love bug," Wayne chimed in. "Look, sweetie, your socks dont match."
I glanced down at my feet. Black and olive green. "It could happen to anybody. A mere blip on the radar." 
"Im surprised it isnt the norm, considering the usual state of your dresser drawers," Michael fussed. "And you went to work like that!"
"You only noticed it a second ago, and you were with her all day," Wayne countered.
"Robin, the world keeps turning despite your benign delirium," Michael continued. "Getting back to the electric, surely they left a shut-off notice on the doorknob."
"I thought it was a pizza ad."
"You didnt even read it?"
Wayne leaped to my defense. "Oh, leave her alone. I seem to recall a certain love-struck somebody from the other side of the pond--"
"Pick a side and stay on it!" Michael snapped. "Change of plan.  Robin, you're with me. Wayne's in the spare room!"
Jared laughed when I called to tell him about it. "Not that I've got room to talk," he admitted. "I was halfway to your place today before I remembered I was supposed to be going to work. Ran out of gas and barely managed to coast into the parking lot. Shugs my baby, but she is a bitch to push! Then I whacked the daylights out of my middle finger while I was building a pallet. Everybody ran for cover cause normally the hammer and pallet would have turned into projectiles, but I just cussed a blue streak and went about my business. The boss said, Whoever she is, Aldridge, shes a keeper. Hell, Ill pay for the damned wedding!"
____________________

 It was definitely re-potting time.
Five little spider plants had outgrown their yogurt containers and shot out mini-babies of their own. Pinchlings from my pothos and Wandering Jew filled their numerous water-glass homes with root systems like tangled vermicelli. Five adult plants poked inquisitive roots through the drainage holes of their containers.
"Need me to pick up anything on my way down?" Jared asked when he called.
"Potting soil!" I replied. "Lots of it!"
Two hours later he appeared on my porch with three huge bags slung across his shoulder. Close on his heels was Waynes father, who had come to deliver the plant pots he let me store in his garage. I caught Vincents unspoken "whos this guy" and hastened to make introductions. "Vincent Giammellaro, this is my friend Jared Aldridge. Jared, this is Waynes father."
The two men shook hands and Vincent gave me a Dad look. "Whats the matter, you cant say boyfriend? I got five daughters and Wayne; I know a boyfriend when I see one." I felt myself blush, and Vincent gave me a hug. "This ones my special baby," he told Jared with a meaningful look.
"I can definitely relate to that. Where do you want this stuff, Little Bird?"
"Right over there. Here, I can take one." 
"Not on my watch you dont." Jared dumped the bags where Id specified. "And no standing on top of the dresser to put in plant hooks, young lady. Not when youve got Bigfoot at your beck and call."
"How come you call her Little Bird?" Vincent asked him.
"Cause shes too tiny to be a robin, don't you think? More like a sparrow."
"She is, isnt she? Little Bird. That's nice." Vincent jerked his head towards Sugar Magnolia. "That your car?" 
"Sure is. Wanna have a look-see?"
They headed to the parking lot, and I wished I could be a butterfly eavesdropping on their conversation. As I began to sort plant pots, Wayne emerged from his place to join me. "Hey there, you sultry wench! Whats shakin besides your tits?"
"Your love handles," I replied. "And you better behave yourself, cause youre dads here."
"He is? Where?"
"Dont worry, youre safe for now. Jareds showing him the car." 
"You act like Im afraid of Dad."
"You act like youre not!"
Shug roared to life and pulled out of her parking space with Vincent at the wheel. Jared waved at us from the passenger window and Wayne gave a low whistle. "Ill be damned."
"For sure, if you dont clean up your act."
We kept up a steady stream of banter until the two men returned.
Vincent slapped Jared on the back. "This ones okay, Miss Little Bird," he announced, and pointed a finger at Wayne. "And you keep your mouth out of it!"
___________________
 
Later that evening Wayne announced, "Hey, Ive got an idea!" 
"No!" I replied automatically.
Michael rose from the porch steps. "Heres where I came in."
"Cowards!" Jared exclaimed. "Whats your idea, Wayne?"
"Lets go to Mexicali Blues for dinner. We havent been there since..."
Michael looked pained. "the time you did the Mexican Hat Dance on the bar."
"Hey, it was Cinco de Mayo!"
"More like cinco margaritas!"
"You sure you want two boring sober people in your entourage?" Jared asked.
"Sure!" Wayne said brightly. "You can be designated drivers."
"Or you can call the bail bondsman, should the necessity arise," added Michael. "Besides, youre not boring."
Jared turned to me. "C'mon, let's go. We can celebrate our two-month anniversary."
"Thats an occasion," said Michael. "Perhaps you two would rather be alone."
"Oh, for Gods sake!" Wayne groaned. "If they dont eat, they wont have enough strength to--" 
"Wayne!"
"--engage in meaningful physical demonstrations of their undying love and devotion. Did you think I was gonna say screw their brains out? Oh ye of little faith!"
So we piled into Sugar Magnolia and headed to Mexicali Blues, where Wayne was meeting and greeting before his feet hit the parking lot. The excitement reached fever pitch when we stepped into the restaurant, where everybody knew Wayne.
"Think of it as dining out with a Gay Pride parade," Michael told Jared. 
Marisa emerged from behind the cash register with a sheaf of menus and her face lit up when she saw Jared. "Wait one little second, okay?" she begged, and took off towards the kitchen calling, "Tonio! Guess whos here!"
A man who looked like Lou Diamond Phillips in Young Guns exploded through the swinging doors yelling, "Sensei!" He and Jared met in a bone-crushing hug, then stepped apart, both of them dashing tears from their eyes.
 "Man, its good to see you!" Tonio exclaimed. "Hows it going?"
"If it was any better Id think Id died and gone to heaven. Hows life been treating you?"
"On its own terms! But I'm still walkin' the walk." Tonio turned to smile at me. "Is this your wife?"  
"Im wishin, hopin, thinkin and prayin," Jared replied.
Wayne finished making his rounds and rejoined us, eyebrows raised, just as Tonio got an S.O.S. from the kitchen. Marisa showed us to a table, where Michael hastily moved all the condiments out of Robin Range. Wayne looked sharply at Marisa and demanded, "Whats this bit of sparkle on your left hand, young lady?"
"Youre engaged! That's wonderful!" Michael exclaimed. "Congratulations! Anybody we know?" 
"Tonio. In November. Thanks to him." She pointed at Jared. Before Wayne could put her through the third degree, more customers came in and she hurried to greet them.
"Thanks to you why?" Wayne asked Jared.
"Let's just say Tonio and me helped each other through a rough patch awhile back," Jared replied. 
Before Wayne could pry any further, three people from CurlWinds arrived. He dragged Michael over to say hello, leaving Jared and me alone at last.
"Youre Tonios sponsor," I said.
"Ayup. For three years, before he took a job out of state. Guess that didn't pan out for him, but, damn, it was good to see him again."
I drowned a tortilla chip in the salsa bowl. "Are you really wishin, hopin"
"Et cetera, et cetera?" Jared rescued the chip with a spoon and set it on my plate. "It's still early days for us, but I've spent my whole life looking for you, and..."
Wayne plunked himself down. "Who the hell is FrankLyn trying to kid with that platinum blonde business? His roots are as brown as the driven shit." 
"Are we interrupting something?" Michael asked.
"Of course we are. You need a machete to cut through the chemistry. But ob-la-di, ob-la-da, life goes on. Feed me!" Wayne whipped open his menu and the discussion shifted to choice of entrees. 
But I hadnt heard the last about marriage. Not by a long shot. 
 
 
 
Chapter 10: Friday on My Mind--Robin 
The first weekend I stayed at Jared's place was a major adventure. I hadn't driven more than ten miles out of my safety zone in years, and I couldn't remember the last time I braved the expressway. 
"You sure youre okay with this?" Jared asked when I first broached the subject. "Its a long haul."
"All the more reason we should take turns," I replied. "Why should you have to do all the driving?"
"I dont mind it a bit."
"Well, I mind it for you. Now, how do I get there?"
"I take it the decision has been made. Give me a piece of paper." He drew a bunch of lines and talked about going north on 15 and bearing west at the interchange until he noticed my blank expression. "Am I speaking in tongues?" 
"In the words of a certain New Englander, ayup."
He thought for a second. "Okay, tell me how to get to Mexicali Blue's."
"Why?"
"Humor me."
"Turn left when you leave the parking lot. Go down two blocks and make another left at the Chinese takeout place, the one with the big panda on the sign. Keep going until you come to a corner with a church...I cant remember the name. It's real big and old, with this beautiful white birch tree"
"Ah, gotcha." He returned to the map, crossed some things out and added a whole lot more. "How's this?" 
Alien concepts such as "west" and "north" had been replaced by "left" and "right". Landmarks popped up with comforting frequency, along with helpful notations such as, "If you come to Fairday Laundry youve gone too far."
"I can do this," I announced. 
"Sure you can. But Friday night traffic is ungodly, 'specially if youre not used to it."
"If I leave work around two oclock, I'll miss the worst of it."
"In that case, youll probably get there before I do." He reached for his boots. "Saddle up, Little Bird. I only have one key. Gotta make a copy."
"Why? I can just wait in the parking lot until you get home."
"Not acceptable. To me," he added as I started to protest.
I felt tears pricking my eyelids. "You trust me with a key to your place?"
"Robin, I've already trusted you with a lot more than that. Cmon, lets go." 
 ____________________

Jared wasnt kidding when he described his apartment as serious Zen.
A folding table with two metal chairs. A computer, portable radio/CD player and phone on the bar between the kitchenette and living area. 
The starkness was relieved by wood carvings of a hawk, a shamanic figure with upraised hands and a wolf in full howl. Smaller pieces stood on windowsills or hung from the walls. They ran the gamut from simple to incredibly detailed, and they were all exquisitely beautiful. 
In the bedroom was Jared's air mattress, covered by the gorgeous bedspread I'd coaxed him into buying at Goodwill.  Also in the bedroom was a set of wooden chairs nailed to the wall. Some clothes were suspended on hangers from the chair rungs; the rest of his wardrobe probably filled the cardboard boxes that rested on the seats. I wondered why he'd done this when there was a perfectly good closet in the room, then figured it was probably crammed with assorted junk just like mine.
I was prepared for the bathroom and kitchen to be health hazards but either Jared cleaned frantically before I came over or he was surprisingly tidy for a straight guy who lived by himself. 
The sum total of Jareds visible material possessions could fit easily in Sugar Magnolias trunk and back seat. As a domestic clutter-bug, this made me sad. But Jared wasnt me; maybe he liked living this way. 
That made me even sadder. 
A key turned in the front door and I ran to fling myself into Jared's arms.
"Girl, youd best stand upwind!" he warned. "Im a filthy, sweaty mess."
"But youre my filthy, sweaty mess and I havent seen you since--"
"Sunday. Feels like a month. But Im in desperate need of a shower. Unhand me, woman!"
"Never!"
"Be that way." He strode towards the bathroom with me still clinging to him and we both took a shower. As we toweled each other off, Jared paused and listened intently.
"What?" I asked.
"Hush a second." He listened again and headed towards the bedroom. I wrapped myself in a towel and followed.
"I dont hear anything," I whispered, and Jared tumbled us both onto the air mattress. 
"Damn, Robin, that was too easy!"
"So are you! What about supper? Arent you starving?"
"Sure am." He grabbed my towel and sent it flying. "Hello, main course!"
Afterwards we demolished a whole rotisserie chicken and most of a big container of macaroni and cheese. 
"This place is so clean!" I exclaimed. "Most guys--"
"--are pigs," he finished. "Believe me, I've had my moments. I got in the habit of keeping things clean so I can get the security deposit back when Im ready to move on."
Something inside me dropped painfully. "Are you?"
"Am I what?"
"Ready to move on?" 
"No, maam. Like I said, its just a habit and--Robin, what is it? Cmon, look at me." I hid my face, and he got up from his chair to kneel beside me. "No way am I moving on! Why the hell would I? Robin, the only way Id ever leave is if you were coming with me. Damn it, dont cry!" 
"Im not crying," I managed to squeak right before the floodgates let loose in earnest.
"Lord help me," Jared sighed. "Im not going anywhere, okay, Little Bird? I never want to be anyplace youre not." He put his arms around me and drew me close. "Tell you what. If it'll make you feel better, I'll release my inner slob."    
 ____________________

Shug was in the shop a few weeks later, so I drove up to Jareds place on Friday after work. I got supper started, then headed to the bedroom to drop off my stuff. With characteristic grace and dexterity I knocked into his chair-closet and a flash of silver caught my eye. The object wobbled precariously on top of a box, and I was afraid it might fall. The phone rang as I was looking for something to stand on, so I abandoned my quest and headed to the living room, ready to pick up when Jared's voice came over the answering machine. 
But it didn't.
"Hey, its your long-lost wife. Remember me?" Sound of a baby in the background. "You sure did a good job of dropping off the grid, but not good enough! Call me when you get this, its important." She rattled on, but her words were drowned out by the deafening tick of the wall clock and the roar of boiling water. A familiar voice from my mental attic laughed and said, "You sure can pick 'em!" 
Moving slowly so that nothing inside me would break apart and bleed, I turned off the stove and retrieved my pillow and overnight bag. Then I set my key to Jared's apartment next to the blinking message light and walked numbly to the parking lot.
____________________

 After Tyler dropped him off, Jared looked around for Robins car. Was she running late? Maybe a back-up on the expressway. Nope, scratch that--there were signs of activity in the kitchen. Maybe she ran to the store for something. As he looked around for a note, the light on the answering machine caught his eye. His heart dropped when he found Robin's key beside it; he braced himself and stabbed the "play" button with his forefinger.
"Hey, its your long-lost wife. Remember me? You sure did a good job--"
"No," he said. "No, no, no!" He hurled the machine across the room and slid down the wall until he landed on the floor. 
 ____________________

I don't remember driving home, but somehow I got there. My hands were shaking and I dropped my keys into a clump of bushes. As I got down on my knees to search for them, Wayne emerged from his place and knelt down beside me.
"Here you go, doll. Hey, what are you doing here? Weren't you supposed to--"
I tried to answer, but all I could do was sob.
"Ill fucking kill him," Wayne said between clenched teeth, and spirited me off to safety. 
 
Chapter 11: What Happened in Vegas--Michael 
 I came home to find Robin and Wayne huddled together on the couch. "Weren't you going to Jared's for the weekend?" I asked her.
Wayne hugged Robin close. "No, shes not. We hate him."
"Hate Jared? Whatever for? What happened?"
"Doesn't matter. Were not speaking to him ever again." 
"Wayne, turn the poor woman loose before you suffocate her. What is it, Robin?"
She looked up at me with swollen crimson eyes. "Hes married."
My jaw dropped. "Jared?"
"No, the Pope!" Wayne snapped. "Of course Jared."
"Are you sure, luv?" I asked, and Robin nodded mutely.
"Which is why we hate him and were never speaking to him again."
"Be quiet, Wayne." I sat down on the coffee table and reached for Robins hand. "Now tell me exactly what happened."
 ____________________

After Robin was safely set up in a bubble bath, Wayne stormed to the phone. 
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"What do you think I'm doing? Im calling Dad to see if he knows somebody who can blow that son of a bitch away."
I grabbed his arm. "Youll do no such thing." 
"Why the hell not?"
"Well, apart from the questionable morality of ordering a hit, we dont know the whole story."
"Whats to know?" Wayne demanded. "He's married!"
"Could be separated, or divorcing. Somebody might even have been playing a phone prank, like the time you called my supervisors wife and pretended to be his boyfriend."
Wayne laughed in spite of himself. "That was a good one."
"It was, indeed. But d'you see what I mean? Jared and Robin do love each other, and if this was just a misunderstanding"
Wayne unruffled his feathers. "But what can we do?" 
"For one thing, you can stop with the character assassination. Youll regret every word of it when this gets straightened out."
"Youre right," he sighed. "I better go check on the princess." He popped into the bathroom and returned a few minutes later. "She needs some stuff from her place. Heres a list. And remember to look at the list--you know how you are!" 
The phone rang as I was foraging about in Robin's apartment. Judging from the rapidly blinking red light of her answering machine, someone had been calling repeatedly. I had a good idea who that someone was, so I picked up the phone and said, "Jared?"
"Ye-e-ah." The voice on the other end was cautious. "Whos this?"
"Next-door-Michael."
"Michael! Is she all right?" 
"She's over at my place, the better for Wayne to fuss over her. Im here collecting a few things she needs."
He gave a sigh of relief. "So she made it home okay." 
"Okay being a relative term. She is in one piece, though." 
"Thank God. I've been going out of my mind."
"She heard something very disturbing, Jared."
"I know, I know. This is gonna sound so lame, Michael, but it isn't the way it looks."
Here was a heaven-sent chance to hear Jareds side of things without an emotional circus in the background, so I settled into a chair and said, "Why dont you tell me the way things really are?"
 ____________________

Wayne perched on the toilet while Robin soaked under clouds of bubbles. "If you dont stop crying, Princess, the tubs gonna overflow." 
"I cant help it." 
"I know, this whole thing sucks." Wayne relieved her of a sodden Kleenex and replaced it with a dry one. "He doesnt deserve you."
"Why would he do this to me?"
"Because guys are dogs, thats why."
"There was a baby crying when she called. How could he leave a little baby, Wayne?"
"Guys are dogs," Wayne repeated, then remembered his vow to cease and desist character-assassinating. "Maybe its not the way it looks."
"What other way could it be?"
"Well, it could be lots of things." Wayne didnt believe his own words, but Robin had stopped crying and was looking at him hopefully. That was good enough for Wayne; he reached into his bag of tricks and began spinning scenarios, hoping one of them was actually true.
 ____________________

"Oh, my, Jared," I sighed. "This is a fine mess!"
"I know, I know," he said wearily. "Ive been calling Robin for hours. I wanted to drive down and talk to her in person, but my cars in the shop and it won't be ready until tomorrow afternoon. I was about to start hitchhiking when you answered the phone."
"No need to hitchhike. Ill pick you up." I pulled a sheet of paper out of Robins printer and plucked a feathered pen from the assortment in a hot-pink ceramic frogs mouth. "How do I get there?"
When I opened my own door, Wayne and Robin were still talking in the bathroom. I hastily jotted "Back ASAP" on a piece of paper, put it on top of Robins stuff and took off like a thief in the night.
____________________

Wayne found Michaels note and assumed hed gone to do what Wayne himself would have done--hunt and gather mood food. Robin emerged from the bathroom bedecked in a kimono the gang at CurlWinds had given Wayne on his last work anniversary and he couldnt bear to see her looking so forlorn. "Honey, never mind what I said before. Do you want to call him?" 
"I do and I dont. I'm still more hurt than mad, and I'd probably end up crying again. Why did this have to happen?"
"It's a tough one, all right. Maybe he really is the creep of the western world. But what if he isnt?" Wayne brought the phone over and set it on the coffee table. "Tell you what. Ill go powder my nose. Give me a holler when you're done." He kissed her on the forehead and disappeared.
It took Robin awhile to muster up her courage. She finally punched in Jareds number, but the phone kept ringing. Relieved and disappointed, she returned the handset to its base. "Hes not there, Wayne," she called.
"You don't suppose hes on his way down here?"
Robin shook her head. "His cars not running."
"Thats right, I forgot." Wayne glanced at the clock. "Speaking of cars, where the hell did Michael go, fucking Zanzibar?"
 ____________________

Jared was stalking the parking lot when I arrived. He reached the car in three huge strides and had the door open before the vehicle came to a full stop. The passenger seat was set for Wayne and he had to make a quick adjustment to get his knees off his chin before he could turn towards me. "Thanks, Michael. I owe you big time." 
 "Not at all. Im happy to do it." 
 "This is such a goddamned mess," he sighed as we drove off.
 "The good news is, it'll all be sorted out soon." 
"When I think of Robin driving home in that state...she's just now getting used to driving on the expressway again. She might have had an accident. She couldve been killed."
"But she wasnt." 
"She could have been! And it wouldve been my fault."
"Stop it, Jared," I said sternly. "Theres a time and place for self-flagellation and this isnt it."
We looked at each other and burst out laughing.
"Someday youll have to tell me the right time and place for self-flagellation," he said. "Assuming I make it through this."
"How old are you, Jared?" I asked. He hesitated and I added, "Here, Ill go first. Im thirty-two."
"Twenty-four last January."
I was surprised. With his seemingly easy confidence, dry humor and impressive flashes of wisdom, I had pegged him at my age, perhaps even a bit older. But tonight with his defenses down and the world crashing around him, I could see just how young and vulnerable he really was. "I take it youve never been in love before."
He shook his head. "Nothing like this. Sometimes I wonder if I'm gonna survive."
"Of course you will. You both will."
"God, I hope so." He took off his hat and immediately put it back on. "In a weird way, life was so much simpler back when I was doing drugs."
"Really? How so?"
"I could pretty much phone life in. Stick on a pair of sunglasses, lean against the band's dressing room door with my arms folded, I was scary. Sit me down at a table with people, same sunglasses, and everybody thought I was deep, even if I was tripping my balls off. Yank off my clothes, run me through a shower and throw me into the nearest bed, I was the next-best-thing to somebody's rock n roll fantasy. Feelings didn't enter into the equation."
"Sounds awfully lonely to me."
He shrugged. "Didn't matter. I wasn't really there for most of it, anyhow."
"Are you saying you want that again?"
"No! Hell, no! It's justthis here takes some getting used to, is all." 
"Just bear in mind that your old lifestyle is what got you into this predicament." 
He took off his hat again and tossed it onto the back seat. "The wreckage of the past," he sighed. "Damn, there's no mercy."
We rode along in silence for a few minutes. Jared darted occasional looks my way, working up the courage to ask what I suspected would be a difficult question. "Did you know Craig?" he asked finally. 
I clamped down on my usual knee-jerk reaction to hearing that name. "We were never formally introduced, if that's what you mean. I heard Robin's side of their phone conversations at the office, of course, and sometimes I'd see him skulking around her car, usually on payday."
"Figures. What was he like?"
"The evil Gollum springs to mind, with more hair. A singularly repellant character. I wouldnt have trusted him any farther than I could throw you."
"Hard to imagine Robin with somebody like that."
"Not really. Knowing Robin, she probably felt sorry for him and wanted to help him; unfortunately, he dragged her down instead."
"Aint that always the way."
"It definitely was in this case. Robin didnt tell me about it until much later, and Im sure I didn't get the whole story. But even if I'd known sooner, I doubt it would have helped much. Robin's very protective of the people she cares about, even if they don't deserve it."
"Yeah. People like me."
"There you go again! You're much too hard on yourself. In addition to being her friend and lover, Robin also sees you as a fellow survivor." He was silent, and I hastened to add, "She hasnt told me your story, Jared, so please don't be concerned. Im just putting two and two together and probably coming up with five."
"No, youre right about the survivor thing, but Robin's got me outclassed. The first night we were together, she told me all about..." 
"...The Bad Thing," I supplied. "Didn't know that." I shouldn't have been surprised--there seemed to be quite a bit Miss Robin wasnt mentioning these days.
"What a thing for her to go through! And youre the one who found her. That had to be--" 
"--unspeakable. I still have nightmares about it."
Jared turned towards me sharply. "I know where you're coming from. I used to--" He stopped abruptly and stared out the side window. "Robin would have died if it wasn't for you." 
"I couldn't stop thinking about her that morning. It finally got so bad I left work and drove out to her place." 
"Maybe she was sending you a message."
"I truly believe she was. We were quite close by then. Strictly work friends, of course, because Craig kept her pretty isolated, but still close."
"Yeah, they like to keep us isolated." Jareds voice was bitter. I waited for him to elaborate, but he didn't. 
"In any event, as far as I know Robin wasnt close to anyone else at the time," I continued. "She'd just started going to NA meetings and wasn't comfortable with them yet. The one time she mentioned her family of origin, she compared them to animals who devour their own young. I could relate somewhat because I have no ties with my own relatives. In fact, theyre the reason I moved to the States."
"Coming out didnt go too well, I take it."
"What a lovely understatement! Jared, are you sure youre not British?"
A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. "New England. Practically kissing cousins."
"I will pay you handsomely to say that in front of Wayne!"
"Deal!" he replied, and we exchanged high-fives.
"Regarding coming out, no, it certainly did not go well. At first I was devastated, but then I decided it served them right for flinging the door open without knocking."
"Ouch!"
"The fact that my companion was my thrice-married aunts handsome young boyfriend didnt help matters any."
"Yowzers!"
"Wayne says she should have thanked me for literally uncovering the awful truth before it was too late, but nobody was thinking along those lines at the time. In retrospect, it was a moment worthy of Monty Python. But at the time it was dreadful, and some hurtful things were said--on both sides, let me hasten to add. Result: bridge flamb."
"Im sorry, Michael."
"Dont be. If it didn't happen, I never would have met Wayne. Or Robin. Or you."
"You might be better off without that last one. Im seriously damaged goods, and I've heard it said that us damaged people are dangerous cause weve learned we can survive anything."
"That doesn't sound so bad to me."
"Wayne thinks Im bad for Robin."
"Wayne is afraid you might be bad for Robin," I corrected. "He's very protective of her, and tonight didn't help matters. But as I said, we'll get it sorted out."
We arrived at our destination and stepped out of the car. Jared grabbed his hat and started to readjust the seat, but I stopped him. "Leave it that way. Wayne will forget I brought you here and will work himself into a fine state." I shifted into Wayne mode. "And just whos been sitting in my chair?"
Jared smiled, but his eyes were on the apartment. "What if Robin wont listen to me?"
"Oh, she'll listen, all right, if I have to tie her to a chair and slap duct tape across her mouth," I said cheerfully. "After all, what are best friends for?"
 ____________________

"Its about time!" Wayne greeted me. "I was just about to" His voice trailed off as Jared stepped into the room and quietly closed the door behind him. "What the hell is he doing here?"
Robin rose from the couch, clutching Waynes hideous kimono around her. With her pale face, swollen blue eyes and red hair teased into a bizarre structure involving chopsticks and fake flowers, she looked like a heartbroken Irish geisha. I could tell Jared wanted to step forward and take her in his arms, but he held himself back. 
Wayne, however, had no intention of holding anything back. "You wanna tell us what the fucks going on?"
"Look, I didnt know I was still married," Jared began.
"Now Ive heard everything! How can you stand there and--"
Robin's eyes were fixed on Jared. "Let him talk, Wayne."
"Come on, everyone, lets sit down," I said. 
They followed me to the table, Robin tripping over the too-long kimono. Jared caught her before she could hit the floor, but Wayne quickly snatched her from him and seated her at the far end of the table. When we were all settled, Jared took a deep breath. "You guys know about me being on Infernal's road crew. Lots of drinking and drugging. Sometimes Id be in a blackout for days at a time; people would tell me stuff I did and even show me pictures, but I couldnt remember any of it. One time we had a gig not too far from Las Vegas. Id never been to Vegas, so a bunch of the guys decided to take me there for my birthday."
____________________

Las Vegas, in another galaxy, far, far away:
Jared's reeling around in a state of complete blackout. He, a couple of roadies, some groupies, and a few members of Infernal invade the Wedding Chapel, where a riotous time is had by all.
Jared wakes up much later in a red heart-shaped bed. A woman hes never seen before is lying beside him. He senses a presence on his other side and turns to see fellow roadie Conan, alias the Cock-hound of the Cosmos, sprawled flat on his back, stark naked and snoring.
___________________
 
"Well, isn't that special!" Wayne exclaimed. "I hope you got yourself tested before--"
"Wayne!"
"Dont worry," Jared replied. "The Big Bad Wolfs had all his shots." 
"How the hell could you not know you were still married?"
"Well, I thought JazzMine was gonna get the annulment--"
"JazzMine?"
"Hey, those were crazy times. We all had nicknames. Her real first names Rachel; Conans is Marvin." 
"What was your nickname--Dopey?" 
"Actually, it was Wolfen," Jared replied, and the look that passed between him and Robin would have melted a polar ice cap.
 "Oh, put your tongue back in your mouth!" Wayne snapped at her. "It's just a name, for god's sake!" He turned back to Jared. "Did you pick it yourself?"
Jared smiled slowly, his eyes still holding Robin's. "Im told I earned it." 
A delicious little shiver ran through the group. 
"So, anyhow, I figured it was a done deal," Jared continued. "She thought I was gonna do it, so she went on her merry way thinking she was single, too. So nobody did anything. Turns out both of us have to sign the papers, and shes been trying to track me down for weeks 'cause she wants to get married for real since they just had a baby, and this old Vegas thing popped up." 
"Ergo, he really didn't know he was still married," I said triumphantly.
"Great," Wayne sighed. "I'll never hear the end of it."
"Wanna hear the kicker?" asked Jared. "Shes marrying Conan." 
"'When Rachel Met Marvin'. Youre making that up!" Wayne accused. Robin covered her face with her hands, her shoulders shaking, and he demanded crossly, "What are you crying about now? Everythings okay!"
 She looked up. "Im not crying, Im laughing. Its so insane it has to be true. I should send them a wedding present!" 
Jared came over and gathered her into his arms. I was the only one who could see his face; he looked like a man whose death sentence had just been commuted.
Later, Jared stood with Robins overnight stuff in one hand while holding the door open for her with the other when Wayne spoke up. "Be careful with that kimono, Princess! It has great sentimental value, and--" The rest of his statement was buried under a pile of garish orange-and-purple dragon-printed acetate, and all three of us males stood gaping as Robin headed out the door au naturel. 
Jared was the first to recover. "Jesus, Robin!" he exclaimed, and took off after her. 
 I was delighted. "Talk about a clutch-the-pearls moment!"
"Clutch them?" Wayne echoed. "I damned near choked on them!" 
Later, I was in bed reading when Wayne emerged from the bathroom shaking his head. "That was some pretty intense activity over there." 
"Will you please stop?"
"It wasnt my fault," he protested. "I could hear them over the shower massage. Hope he didnt hurt her."
"Or vice versa, which I suspect is far more likely." I turned a page. "Relax, Wayne. Nobody hurt anybody."
Wayne sighed melodramatically. "Hes so much bigger than she is. Who knows what could happen if he got carried away by passion?"  
"Why dont you call him and find out?"
"Very funny." He sighed again. "When's the last time we got carried away by passion?"
 I turned another page. "I can guarantee it's not going to happen tonight with you over there and me over here!"
 
Chapter 12: Waynes World Part 1--Michael 
Robin had invited Wayne and me to dinner. While we waited for Jared to arrive, I kept a safe distance as Robin and Wayne fussed around the kitchen arguing and getting in each others way. 
"My god, you made enough marinara to drown us all!" Wayne exclaimed.
"Im freezing some of it, smartass! Give me the ladle." Robin snatched it from his hand and began to fill a container with sauce while Wayne smashed the daylights out of some unfortunate garlic cloves.
 "If you put the sauce in the fridge itll cool faster," he called as he rapidly chopped the garlic to bits.
"Oh, thank you, Obi-Wayne-Kenobi!" Robin spun around too quickly and lost her footing. She landed flat on the floor, spilling red sauce all over herself and her immediate surroundings just as Jared appeared in the kitchen doorway. When I turned to say something to him, his face was stark white. He leaned heavily against the wall and stared fixedly at the spilled sauce; I put a hand on his arm and asked quietly, "Are you all right?" 
It took him a moment to answer. "Twisted my bad knee. Hurt like a sonofabitch," he said at last, and flinched as all eyes turned his way. "Forgot to lock the car. Be right back." 
Robin started after him, but I stopped her. "Give him a minute, luv. He was pretty shaken up."
"Im not surprised! It looked like a bloodbath in here!" Wayne's mouth dropped open. "Oh my god, you don't suppose he killed somebody back in the day?"
While Robin wreaked havoc on Wayne for that last statement, I slipped out to the parking lot where I found Jared leaning over Sugar Magnolia, his hands splayed on the hood, head hanging down, panting as though he'd just run a marathon. 
"Slow breaths. Like this," I said, demonstrating. "That's it. Nice and easy."
As his breathing gradually returned to normal, I discarded the many concerned questions running through my mind and asked, "Is it something you can talk about?"
He shook his head vehemently.
"Is there anything I can do? Wayne says I'm pathologically useful." He turned his reddened eyes my way and managed to smile. "Jared, please let me help, even if all I can do is listen. You'd do the same for me."
He thought that over and nodded to himself. He straightened up, dashed a hand across his eyes and leaned back against the car. "I never told anybody about this," he began. "Not even my sponsor."
"Whatever you tell me stays between us," I promised. 
"Something happened back when I was"
"There you are!" Wayne swooped down on us, Robin in tow, and I wanted to slap him senseless. "We thought you two ran away together!"
"No, you thought they ran away together," Robin corrected. She reached for Jared's hand. "Are you okay?"
"Ayup," he replied. I was amazed how quickly calm, easygoing Jared was front and center again. "I'm not usually such a baby, but the knee really grabbed me this time. It's eased off quite a bit, though. C'mon, Little Bird, let's go chow down." He draped an arm around her and they headed back towards the apartment, leaving me with the Sicilian Inquisition.
"What's all this about?" Wayne demanded.
"Jared looked like he was in a lot of pain," I said truthfully. "I thought he might need some help." 
"Why be so sneaky about it?"
"Because I didn't think a group intervention was appropriate!" I snapped. "This may come as a shock to you, Wayne, but that kind of attention isn't always welcome."
"Well, all I know is that this is the second clandestine rescue mission this month. Next you'll be moving him into the spare bedroom!"
"I think Robin would have something to say about that," I replied. "Quite a bit to say, actually, and in mostly four-letter words. Now stop playing the betrayed spouse and let's get on with dinner."
As we moved towards the apartment, I sent a silent message to the tall young man walking ahead of us. Whatever it is, Jared, tell her. Tell me, tell Wayne, tell somebody, because keeping it to yourself will devour you alive.
The rest of the evening passed without incident. Wayne cast occasional furtive glances at Jared, but he didnt say anything that merited a kick under the table.  But no sooner did we step off Robin's porch than he started up again. "Michael, what if Jared really did kill somebody?"
"For god's sake, Wayne! I thought you liked him."
"Well, yeah. But thats what sociopaths do--get you to like them. Kinda like fattening you up for the kill."
"You're being ridiculous."
"What do we really know about him, Michael?" Wayne persisted, like his mothers cat in pursuit of the elusive red dot. By the time we were ready for bed, poor Jared had morphed into a cross between Ted Bundy and Jack the Ripper.
"For all I know, you could be the reincarnation of Sweeney Todd!" I exploded after I had all I could stand. "You have a volatile disposition, access to multiple sharp objects, and, from what Ive heard about your clients, a treasure trove of motives."
"Boy, aint that the truth! Gracelyns brought me to the brink more times than I--wait a minute, Im talking about Jared!" 
"That makes one of us, because Im going to sleep. Good night--parting is such sweet sorrow!"
 ____________________

Wayne lay awake worrying--something Michael claimed he'd raised to an art form. 
He remembered all too well the first time he saw Robin, and the possibility of history repeating itself made his blood run cold.
Hed already known of Robin's existence prior to The Bad Thing, of course. Michael had described her as one of the few people at work he could talk to, but when he voiced concern that she might be in an abusive relationship Wayne saw red flags go up. 
"Watch yourself," he warned. "Those situations can turn real ugly, real fast, especially if hes a jealous psycho. Trust me, being gay wont protect you."
"It's not me I'm worried about," Michael replied.
"Fine! Then I'll worry about you for both of us!"
Michael didn't say much about the situation after that. Wayne decided things must have sorted themselves out and allowed himself to relax until the Monday morning Robin didnt show up at work. 
Wayne was running late and had forgotten his cell phone. He was about to blow past the front desk when Orkid's hand shot out, dangling a slip of fuchsia-colored paper. "Michael called." 
Wayne was instantly apprehensive--Michael never called him at work. He slapped at his pockets and groaned. "Dammit!"
Orkid pushed her desk phone towards him. "Here. Use mine."
Wayne quickly punched in the number. "What's up, Michael?" 
"Im at City Hospital."
"Hospital? Oh my god!" The other stylists flocked around the desk and Wayne had to hiss them into silence.
"Its not me," Michael was saying. "Robin didnt come to work today. She didnt call, and I couldnt get an answer when I phoned her. So I drove out to her flat and--" his voice broke.
"Michael, are you all right?"
"No. Not even a little bit. It was horrible. Can you please come to the hospital?"
For as long as they'd been together Wayne had been the airhead, with Michael the long-suffering voice of reason. But now Michael was a wreck, and Wayne stepped up to the plate. "Youre in the E.R. lobby, right? Im on my way." He hung up and turned to the concerned crowd. "Michael's okay, but I gotta go." 
Orkid glanced down at the appointment book. "You've got Mrs. Trevor in fifteen minutes."
"Oh, that bitch! Call in a groomer from Poochie Palace. Im out of here."
"Ill cover for you," Chino offered, and Wayne nearly kissed his beautiful Eurasian face before breaking all existing speed limits on his way to the hospital.
The first time Wayne saw Robin was in ICU. All he could make out was a shock of red hair above bandages and bruises. When she was able to talk a few days later, any thoughts Wayne harbored about caution flew right out the window. 
"She's staying with us when she gets out of here," he told Michael.
"Of course shell stay with us," Michael agreed, "but the spare bedroom is crammed to the rafters with--"
"--a bunch of fucking crap! Well either pitch it or throw it in storage. Shes staying with us. Case closed."
Shortly after Robin moved in with them, Wayne's father took him aside. As the father of five daughters, Robin's plight had stricken Vincent to the heart. "The bastard who did this to her, did they catch him?" he demanded. "Because if he's still out there, I know guys who are experts at locating people who don't want to be found."
Wayne thought about asking his father to have somebody check up on Jared but quickly abandoned the idea. As far as Vincent was concerned, Jared was the salt of the earth. If Wayne was going to find answers, hed have to do it himself. 
When Michael groaned in his sleep, disturbed by Wayne's tossing and turning, he eased himself out of bed and padded towards the kitchen in search of something to quiet his monkey mind. He passed the computer without really seeing it and then stopped in his tracks. Robin found Jared through the internet; maybe he could find out something by searching online.
When the search engine popped up, Wayne typed in Jareds first and last names, hit "enter" and clicked on the first link he saw. It led to a site called Hoping to Find; the boy whose picture appeared on the screen was a younger, shorter-haired version of Jared. From the birthdate given, Wayne figured he would be about the same age as Jared was now. The boy had disappeared from a town in Maine, and Wayne remembered Robin teasing Jared about his New England accent.
No more information, just a link that said "Contact Us." Wayne typed a message, gave his email address and paused. Should he include a phone number? What the hell, he'd give the land line, and the answering machine could screen any calls from whack-jobs. He typed in the number and hit "send". 
There were stirrings in the bedroom, so he hastily shut the computer down and scurried to the kitchen. By the time Michael joined him, Wayne was innocently preparing chamomile tea for two.
 
 
Chapter 13: Damaged People Are Dangerous--Robin
Something was wrong.
Jared wasn't coming over as often, and when he did he was tired and tense. "One guy quit and another is on medical leave," he explained. "Its really kicking my ass." But despite his fatigue, he wasn't sleeping well. When he did stay over Id wake up in the middle of the night to find him sitting on the porch steps staring into space. 
"We were coming home from a party Saturday around midnight and I saw him walking down by the park," Wayne reported when I mentioned my concern to him and Michael. 
I had no idea Jared left the apartment that night.
"He's tired but he walks all the way to the park and back when he's supposed to be sleeping?" Wayne shook his head. "Something's not right, Princess, and I hope it's not what I think it is." 
That made two of us.
 Next time Jared called I said, "Why dont I just drive up to your place Friday nights and stay with you? Itll save you the drive, and well have more time together."
"Robin, by Friday I'm dead meat. I wouldnt be much company. Let me get past this work craziness and well be back to normal, I promise."
Part of me didn't want to push the issue, but Id seen similar behavior back when Craig was getting into heavy drugs. If what Wayne suspected was true, blissful ignorance on my part was not an option. I thought about calling Jared to ask him straight out but decided against it; phones made it too easy for people to lie.
Next day I made up a doctors appointment and left work early. I was almost at Jared's place when I realized I hadnt left the guys a note or a voice mail. Well, if my suspicions were valid, Id be home before they were. If I was blessedly wrong and ended up staying the night, Id call them from Jareds. 
No sign of Sugar Magnolia in the parking lot. I opened Jared's door and stepped into pitch darkness. As my eyes grew accustomed to the gloom, I saw some kind of heavy material tacked over the windows. I felt my way to the wall switch and turned on the ceiling light. 
Layers of dust covered the beautiful wood sculptures. The table and kitchen counters lay buried under clutter. Dishes were piled high in the sink; judging from the smell of them, theyd been there quite awhile. The trash can was filled to overflowing with fast food bags and coffee containers. 
The bedroom window was covered with the same heavy material. I turned on the light and saw the neatly-made air mattress, looking as if nobody had slept in it. Maybe Jared had been spending his nights elsewhere; that would explain a lot. Then I caught sight of an ancient sleeping bag unrolled on the floor between the air mattress and the bathroom, looking as if its occupant had leaped out in a hurry after an uneasy night.
Jared, what the hell is going on with you? 
A quick search of the bathroom revealed nothing but the usual male toiletries and an impressive collection of wrist, knee, and ankle braces. The door to the bedroom closet was locked; I thought about using some of the tricks I'd learned during my bad girl years but I couldn't make myself do it. Was I afraid of what I might find?
I approached the chair-closet where some of Jareds clothes were on hangers, but most of them on the floor. The cardboard boxes were still out of reach, but I wasnt going to let that stop me this time. I grabbed a hanger, hooked the edge of one box and started to pull it towards me. Just as it reached the tipping point, the front door opened and Jared's voice called my name. Praying the box would stay put, I tossed the hanger on the floor, turned out the light and headed to the living room. 
I'd seen it all before, of course--the deathly pallor, three-day beard, bloodshot and deeply shadowed eyes, trembling handsbut this time was different because I loved Jared so much, and I had wanted so badly to be wrong. 
"When did you start using again?" I asked.
"What?" He looked genuinely shocked, but us addicts are the best actors in the world.
"Don't try to trick a trickster, Jared. You've been doing drugs again."
"Robin, you know me better than that!"
"I thought I did."
He held out his arms. "Wanna check me for tracks? Did you bring a drug test? I'll piss in a cup if you promise not to peek."
"Ill settle for unlocking the bedroom closet."
He stared at me, bewildered. "What's the closet got to do with anything?" His expression changed as realization set in. "Youve been shaking the place down! Did you remember to check under the lid of the toilet tank?"
"Im sorry, okay? But, Jared, we hardly ever see each other anymore, and when we do its like youre not really there. What was I supposed to think? If you're not using, give it to me straightis there somebody else? Do you want to break up?"
Jared clapped a shaking hand to his forehead. "What is this, the Twilight Zone? Robin, if we broke up, I doubt Id survive it. There's nobody else. And Im not using! You want to see whats in the closet? Come on." He grabbed my wrist and pulled me to the bedroom, where he kicked the closet door hard enough to shake the walls. The box I tried to fish down earlier fell and spilled its contents across the floor. Clothes, a few books and--
Knives. Sharp, scary-looking knives.
Jared wasnt Craig, I told myself over the sudden roaring in my ears. He would never hurt me. 
At least, the Jared I thought I knew wouldnt hurt me. But now all I knew for sure was that Jared was a whole lot bigger and stronger than me, and he was holding himself on a badly frayed leash. 
If that leash broke, I wouldnt stand a chance. 
 
Chapter 14: Waynes World Part 2---Michael 
Wayne was up to something, and that something involved the computer.
His last close encounter involved a porn site which released a tidal wave of viruses, effectively crashing the system. It took me hours to set things right, and I was not a ray of sunshine about it.
Wayne was sulky. "Youre just pissed because I was cruising porn."
"No, Im pissed because Ive told you a thousand times to be careful what you click on, especially with those sites."
"Fine! Next time Ill put a condom on the mouse." 
I had no idea what was going on this time, but Waynes look of extreme innocence made me suspicious. I would like to say that Im a scrupulous person who would never dream of invading a partners online privacy, but Id also like to claim that there are no calories in Waynes mothers cheesecake. First chance I got, I pulled up the online history, only to find--nothing.
Wayne was covering his tracks.
 ____________________

When I popped over to Robins cubicle the next day, a sticky note on her computer screen said shed left for a doctors appointment. Why hadnt she mentioned it to me, I wondered. Perhaps because it was none of my business?
Her car wasn't in the parking lot when I got home.
"I noticed," Wayne said when I mentioned it. "Maybe she went to a meeting."
"Did she say anything to you about a doctor's appointment?"
"No." Wayne spun around, nearly impaling me with a Ginsu knife. "Oh my god, what if she's pregnant?"
"You know thats highly unlikely for Robin."
"You're right." He turned back to the onions he was slicing. "Probably all to the good, since Jareds being such a dick-head."
As soon as the dishes were done, Wayne headed straight to the computer. This was a decided improvement over his previous furtive forays until salsa music blared from the speakers. "Sorry!" he yelled, and quickly captured the sound with headphones. 
I nobly refrained from peering over his shoulder as I headed towards the TV. Just as I finally discovered something worth watching, the phone rang.
 ____________________

With Michael geeking out over something on PBS (alias Pretty Boring Shit), Wayne figured he could safely pick up the search. 
He found more than a few Jared Aldridges and began to eliminate them as too old, too dead, too normal...what the hell?
His last click sent him to a message board where people discussed unsolved murders. Scrolling down, he came upon:
Dragnet:  Did they ever catch Jared Aldridge?
LayZBonz:  Whos he?
Dragnet:  That kid in Maine who killed his parents.
Garnet:  I heard he cut his mothers heart out.
Dragnet:  Nope, it was his fathers.
LayZBonz:  Brr. How old was he?
Dragnet:  Thirteen or fourteen. 
As Wayne spun around to yell for Michael, the headphones were unceremoniously yanked off his head.
"Wayne, what the bloody hell is going on here?"
 ____________________

"Hi, Wayne, this is Dan Endicott. You sent a message on the Hoping to Find site about Jared Aldridge. My wife and me were his foster parents. Please call as soon as you get this--its urgent." Beep.
"How do you know Jared's foster parents?" I demanded. "And why are they calling here?"
"Michael, you can kill me later but you gotta read this now!"
"Oh my god," I breathed as I followed his shaking finger. "Weve got to call Dan Endicott right away."
Wayne grabbed paper and pen as I replayed the message, only to discover that Mr. Endicott had neglected to leave a phone number. A hasty search of the phones memory showed "Unknown Caller".
"Fucking great!" Wayne groaned.
A horrible thought struck me. "What if Robin drove up to Jareds place?"
No sign of Robin's car in the parking lot, but Wayne went over to knock on her door anyhow. He returned shaking his head. Robin refused to have a cell phone ("I'm on the phone all day. Why would I want one that can follow me?") so that wasnt an option. 
"Wait a second, Michael. You know where Jared lives!"
"I know where the building is, but I have no idea which apartment is his. He was already in the parking lot when I picked him up." I thought for a second. "Weve got Robins key. Lets see if we can find something."
A quick glance at her eternally cluttered desk wasn't helpful. Nothing illuminating on the refrigerator door. Wayne emerged from the bedroom and announced, "Her pillows gone." 
"How can you tell? She has a dozen pillows on that bed."
"It's the big satin one we gave her. She always takes it when she goes to Jareds."
"Shes gone to Jared's lots of times and nothing bad happened," I said, trying to reassure myself.
"Yeah, but things havent been going too good for them lately. What if he weirds out while shes there? I say we drive up and keep knocking on doors until we find her."
I thought it over. If we did find her and all was well, wed look ridiculous. But if we didnt go and something happened to her..."Youre right. Let's grab my keys and be on our way."
As we opened our own door, a voice from the answering machine said, "Wayne, this is Dan Endicott again. I guess it would help if I gave you our number. Its--"
We nearly crippled each other racing to the phone.
 
 
Chapter 15: Nightmare Alley--Robin 
"Nothing hit you, did it?" 
"No. But, Jared, what the hell!"
"My wood-carving knives." He knelt down and gathered them together. "I kept them up high so they'd be out of harm's way. Looks like I need to rethink that strategy." He got to his feet. "Okay, Little Bird, lets shine some light on the Monster in the Closet." 
A sheet-covered shape took up most of the space. Jared removed the sheet to reveal a beautiful piece of wood. "Michael showed me a dragonfly chair online he said you liked. I had him print it out so I could use it for a model. See, heres one of the wings."
If I could have burrowed into the ground and pulled the dirt over my head, I would have done it. "Jared, I'm so sorry."
"God, Robin, don't cry. Im sorry. Ive been acting like a complete space-case." He closed the closet door gently and reached for my hand. "You and me are okay now, arent we?"
"We love each other, if thats what you mean. But, Jared, somethings not okay with you, and we both know it." He was silent, but I wasn't about to let that put me off. "Okay, let's get down to basics. Whens the last time you ate?"
"Oh, lord, here comes H.A.L.T. again."
"Damn straight it does." I began to count on my fingers. "Youre definitely tired."
"Plus I've been lonely as hell."
"And whose fault is that? Okay, you worked out some anger on the closet door, which brings us back to hungry." 
He thought for a second. "I had some kind of breakfast sandwich thing on the way to work. Didn't sit too well. Nothing since."
"You've got better sense than that. Is there anything in the kitchen that wont kill us?"
While I cleared a corner of the table, Jared chipped out some frozen dinners and tossed them in the microwave. 
"Not the most sumptuous spread in the world," he said as he carried them to the table. 
"Beats the hell out of year-old M&Ms."
"You remember that?" 
"Of course I remember. You totally won me over with it. Tell me it wasnt just a line."
"Robin, I dont do lines--of any kind."
"Ouch."
"Im just sayin." He took my hand and kissed it. "There arent words for how much Ive missed you, Little Bird." 
After we ate, I made some headway in the kitchen while Jared got cleaned up. As soon as he emerged from the shower, he pulled me into bed. 
I didn't think anything could be more passionate than our first night together until this day we came so close to losing each other. 
 ____________________

Jared wanted to talk to her afterwards and explain what was really going on with him, but he was so damned tired. Maybe he could make it through the night without...but he knew it was waiting. Please, he thought, not with Robin. Never with Robin. He tried to hold sleep at bay, but it was already pulling him under.
 ____________________

Jared moved restlessly beside me, mumbling something I couldnt make out. As I reached towards him he sat bolt upright, gasping for breath. In his haste to escape from whatever had panicked him he ran full-force into the closed bathroom door, which flew off its hinges and crashed into the mirror above the sink.
"Jared, its okay!" I called into the darkness. "Come out of the dream!" I had to say it over and over before he finally responded.
"Robin?"
I turned on the light and Jared looked around the room as if hed never seen it before. "Careful, theres broken glass all over the place," I told him as I stepped to the edge of the air mattress and reached out as far as I could. Jared took my hand in his own cold, shaking one and let me lead him to safety. He sat down abruptly and rested his head on his drawn-up knees. I rubbed his back the way Michael had rubbed mine during those awful weeks when no night was complete until I woke up screaming. 
"Oh my god, no. Not with you," he said.
 "What not with me, honey?"
"The goddamned nightmare. I thought it was gone for good, but then it showed up a couple of weeks ago. I've been trying to wrestle it back down so I wouldn't have to--" He gestured helplessly. "Things were going so good for us, Robin!"
"They still are. Is the dream like an acid flashback?" 
"That I could handle. No, it's something real bad that happened when I was kid."
"Do you want to talk about it?"
 "Hell, no. But I guess it's true that we're all as sick as our worst secrets, and I'm farther gone than most. Let's do it."
 ____________________

While the other kids exploded out the schoolhouse doors, Jared lingered at his locker, slowly emptying most of its contents into his backpack. He closed the dented metal door, leaving the padlock unfastened; somehow he knew he wouldnt be returning anytime soon.
Ryan burst back through the doors. "Cmon!" he shouted. "Mrs. Dean wont start the bus until youre on it!"
He didnt want to ride the bus, but Ryan was noisily insistent. Any minute now a teacher would hear and come over to investigate. He hoisted his backpack and followed Ryan with dragging feet.
He pretended not to notice when the bus reached his corner, but Mrs. Dean was watching him in the rear-view mirror. "Wake up, Jared!" she called. "Heres your stop."
Reluctantly, he headed towards the front of the bus. 
Mrs. Dean smiled. "Have a Merry Christmas, Jared."
He didnt think that was likely. "Yes, ma'am."
Her smile faded. "Is everything okay?"
"Yes, maam."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, maam."
Mrs. Dean started to ask him something else, but her attention was caught by two boys scuffling in the back row. "Jimmy Sturgis and Aaron Townsend, knock it off or youll be hoofing it home through the snow!"
Jared took advantage of the distraction to hop off the bus.
His heart sank when he saw his father's car in the driveway. Dad never came home this early unless he ran out of drug money or got in a fight; either way, Jared was sure there'd be hell to pay for himself and his mother. He bypassed the front door and headed around back, hoping he could sneak up to his room without anyone noticing, but stopped when he saw his mother lying on the kitchen floor. That bastard must've knocked her down again, he thought, and rushed over to help her.
There was nothing but bloody wreckage where her face should have been. 
Blood on the walls, the floor, even a bloody handprint on the refrigerator where his father had probably gone to get himself a beer. 
Most kids would have run to the nearest neighbor's house, but Jared wasnt most kids. In fact, he couldn't remember ever being a kid at all.
He knew better than to scream because his father was still somewhere in the house. He wouldnt let himself cry, either--plenty of time for that later. He drew a knife from the kitchen drawer and moved soundlessly towards the living room.
His father was sprawled on the couch. No danger of him springing up in a rage--the bullet hole in his temple guaranteed that--but Jared wasn't taking any chances. He raised the knife in his gloved hand and brought it down into the corpse's chest with all the strength he had. 
He staggered back, weak and shaken, wondering what he should do now. It had literally been beaten into him that neighbors weren't to be trusted. The only people he knew were at school, which was closed for Christmas break. But Jared was used to dealing with things by himself.
He walked to the telephone and dialed the emergency number. When they answered, he heard a scared young boy's voice telling them his parents were dead. Then he sat down on the porch steps to wait for the police, and his demons swooped down to keep him company.
 ____________________

"So there you have it. What kind of kid stabs his dead father in the heart?" Jared asked me.
I linked my arm through his. "The kind of kid whose dad just killed his mom. How old were you?"
"Not quite eleven." He ran a trembling hand through his hair. "I ended up in a foster home after that. Dan and Gretchen were good people, but one day when I was fourteen I overheard some agency folks say theyd found a blood relative, my fathers brother, someplace in Michigan, and I booked out a window before they could send me to him. I decided to go someplace far away where nobody knew me. I thought maybe that would make the pain stop, but no matter where Id go, it came with me. Hell, sometimes it even got there ahead of me and set up housekeeping! 
"When I started drinking and drugging, it was like Id died and gone to heaven because I didnt feel anything. But I had to get clean eventually. It was that, or die." He paused, reflecting. "It's funny. I had the perfect chance to check out once and for all, but when push came to shove, I fought like hell to keep on living."
"Life has this nasty habit of going on, especially when we don't want it to," I said.
"Ain't that the truth! Anyhow, I ended up in detox, and there was the pain, all dressed up and ready to party. I tried to rip my brain out by the roots to make it stop; I clawed myself so bad they had to put me in restraints until I got past it." He shook his head at the memory. "Detoxing in restraints is not for the faint of heart. You'd think I could stand up to a paltry little nightmare."
"That dream doesn't sound paltry to me. It's always about you finding your parents?" 
He nodded. "When it's really bad, like tonight, they try to get up again." 
"Oh, my god, Jared. How long has it been back?"
"Since the night after you spilled the spaghetti sauce. I damned near lost it when I walked into the kitchen."
"Oh, honey."
"The nightmare kicked in when I got back to my place, and it hasn't left me alone since. Some nights I could pull out of it before things went too far, but then I couldn't get back to sleep. So I covered up all the windows to keep the light out. Then I started using my old sleeping bag again, kinda like a security blanket. One time when I was at your place I walked all the way to the park and back trying to wear myself out. I got propositioned twice, but I still couldn't sleep worth a damn."
"Wayne told me he saw you that night. I thought maybe you'd gone there to score."
"I'd be lying if I said I didn't think about it--temporary oblivion was looking awfully good. Problem is, for me there's no such thing as temporary."
"Same here. One's too many, and a thousand isn't enough." 
Jared leaned back suddenly. "Jesus, Little Bird, why am I dumping all my insane drama on you? Like you havent had enough of your own! You dont need this. You dont need me."
"Hold it right there, bucko. Dont I get a say in this?"
"Robin, I thought I had it together, I really did, but it turns out I dont. Im walking wreckage, Im demon bait, Im everything Wayne ever warned you about. You should run like hell."
"Maybe you're the one who should be running," I told him. "Allow me to introduce you to the Madwoman." 
Which I did--the bad, the worse, and the downright pathological, including highlights such as Imaginary Craig and occasionally seeing blood where there wasn't any. I shared the dazzling array of coping skills I'd had to learn in order to have anything like a normal life. I told him things I hadn't shared even with Michael because they were too dark to inflict on someone who hadn't been there. But Jared had been there, and relief flooded his face as he realized he wasn't the only one.
"You have demons and the nightmare, I see imaginary live dead people and approach everyday life like it's alien terrain," I concluded. "Face it, Jared, we're made for each other. Dangerously damaged times two equals damned near invincible."   
"We should have that tattooed on our forearms as a warning to others." He laughed, then grew serious again. "There was other stuff in play before the spaghetti sauce incident. My mother spoke French better than she did English; she taught me, and we'd always speak French when my father wasn't around. She was such a sweet person, Robin. She had lots of plants, like you do, and--you would have loved her. God knows I did. After she died, I was afraid to love anybody, and I avoided French like the plague because it hurt too much. So when you told me I spoke it the first night we were together, I was afraid the old demons were coming back."
"And here I was pestering you to translate. Jared, I'm so sorry." 
"Don't be. You helped break a curse that I should have broken myself a long time ago. Turns out it had nothing to do with demons or craziness. I think maybe it was my mother trying to tell me I'd finally found a place where it was safe to love again."
I swallowed hard, trying to fight back tears. "I'll bet love can kick your nightmares ass, too."
"It's welcome to try." He sighed. "So much for me being the strong one who protects you from the Big Bad World."
"Jared, nobodys always the strong one. Nobody should have to be. The only person who expects that from you isyou. Cmon, lets lay back down."
We did. He reached out to draw me into the curve of his arm as usual, but I held out my own arms and said, "Uh-uh, Wolfen, not this time. You come here."
"I feel like a little kid," he said as he settled in. "Which is fitting, cause Ive sure been acting like one."
"My counselor says stress can make us revert to old behaviors."
"That would explain why you suck your thumb when you're asleep."
"Do not!" I protested.
"Do so. Ill take a picture next time."
"That's enough out of you, young man. Think you can sleep now?"
"I'm willing to give it a try. Funny, here Ive been going crazy these past weeks trying to keep a lid on things, but the lid got blown off anyhow."
"And we coped. No harm done."
"I suspect the bathroom mirror would disagree."
"Well deal with that tomorrow. Now it's time to let things go." I stroked his hair and began to recite the Water Blanket meditation that had been my mainstay as I recovered first from drugs, then from The Bad Thing.
"Okay, we're lying on a beach, all stressed out from this wicked bad day. A little baby wave brings the water up to our ankles. It recedes, taking all that stress with it and spreading it where it cant do any harm. Another wave comes up to our knees and recedes, taking the pain from our worst memories out to sea where it dissolves into nothingness."
He listened, relaxing with each wave until he drifted off to sleep. A trickle of tears made its way across the bridge of his nose; I brushed it away and continued to recite the meditation until we were both safely tucked in by a blanket of warm, clear imaginary water.
 ____________________

Next morning I woke up with a blinding ray of light smack across my face; Jared had quietly torn off the material that covered the bedroom window. Judging from the sound of ripping cloth in the living room, he had decided it was time to let the sunshine back in.
 
Chapter 16: The Unbloody Aftermath--Michael 
Robin was a mighty vessel of wrath when Wayne confessed his online investigation. "I cant believe you, Wayne! How could you--"
Jared had been sitting there silently, his hat covering his eyes, but now he spoke up. "He was worried about you, Robin. I would have thought the same thing and done a whole lot worse."
"He could have asked you about it!"
"What was the man supposed to do, come up to a potential psychopath twice his size and say, Nice day out. By the way, did you murder your parents? All he did was search online and come across stuff anybody could have found. Wasnt his fault it was trash. It's not like he did anything with it."
Wayne looked apprehensive. "Thats not exactly true."
Robin flared up again, but Jared raised a hand to silence her. "Keep talking."
Wayne described what he'd discovered on the Hoping to Find site and the message he'd sent to it. 
"Did you hear from anybody?" Jared's voice was calm, but a muscle in his jaw twitched.
"A man named Dan Endicott called us last night."
Jared sat up straight and pushed his hat back. So many emotions passed over his face that I couldnt begin to read them all.
"Do you know him?" asked Robin.
"Him and his wife were my foster parents. What did he have to say?"
"Theyve been trying to find you for years. They--" Wayne choked up and Jared's eyes shifted to me.
I chose my words carefully. "They told us why you came to live with them. Theyve been worried ever since you disappeared, Jared. Youd been through so much, and they were afraid something happened to you, or that maybe youd done something to yourself. I can't begin to tell you how relieved they were to find out youre all right. Theyre anxious to talk to you."
"They really want to talk to me?" 
"Very much. Would you like to call them from here? Their number is right next to the phone. The rest of us will go next door to give you some privacy." 
 ____________________

On the way to Robin's porch, Wayne caught hold of her hand. "Please dont hate me," he pleaded.
Robin looked into those big puppy-dog eyes and sighed. "Kill you, yes. Hate you, never. C'mere, doofus." 
Hugs and kisses all around. 
While we waited for Jared, Robin described what happened the previous night.
"That poor kid," I said when she finished. "What he must have been going through!"
"And all by himself," Wayne added. "Nobody should be so alone." 
"Well, he wont be alone anymore," Robin declared. "Im going to make up for the family he lost, all the times he had nobody to turn to--"
"That's an awfully tall order, luv," I interrupted. "You're the woman who loves him, Robin. Believe me, that's enough."
"Michael's right," Wayne agreed. "Isnt he always?" 
Eventually Jared came out to join us. His eyes were red but he seemed to be at peace as he took his usual place on the floor beside Robins chair. "Been a long time since Ive heard that much New England in one conversation. Took me a minute to get up to speed."
I signaled to Wayne. "Well leave you to yourselves."
"No, don't go. If it wasnt for you guys, theyd never have known what happened to me. They deserve better. Theyre good people."
Robin put a hand on his shoulder. "You told me they were."
"I mean, theyre really good people. Turns out they were gonna fight like hell to adopt me. They were ready to take out a second mortgage to pay for a lawyer, and here Id run off without even a note. You'd think theyd hate me, or at least be pissed off, but they werent. They were so happy to hear from me, I couldnt believe it." 
"I can believe it," said Robin.
"Me, too," I added.
"Me, three," Wayne chimed in. "And speaking of hearing from people, you and the Princess are getting cell phones if I have to ram them down your throats. My treat."
 

Chapter 17: Love Among the Produce--Robin 
Jared adapted to living in the light with surprising swiftness. 
When I said it didnt make sense for him to keep his old place since he was spending every possible second at mine, he showed up the next weekend with all his earthly possessions. As I had predicted, they fit in Shugs back seat and trunk, with the gonna-be-a-dragonfly-chair riding shotgun on the passenger side.
Within a month hed found a job closer to our place. A bit more money, a lot less commuting. "Funny how things come together once you blunder onto the right path," he observed. "And speaking of right paths, Im thinkin we should formalize our little arrangement." 
I pretended to misunderstand him. "You mean, put your name on the lease? Sure, we can do that."
"Nice try, Artful Dodger. You know what Im talking about."
Wayne barged in after two barely audible taps on the screen door. "Does this mean youre gonna make an honest woman out of her? It's about time! Heres your sweatshirt, Princess. It looks infinitely better on me than it does on you, by the way."
"Take it! It's yours! Now get lost!"
"Be that way." Wayne headed for the door, waving the sweatshirt like a banner. He paused to whisper something to Jared that made him double over with laughter and was gone. 
"Okay, what was that all about?" I demanded.
Jared returned to his carving. "He said Ive got a nice ass." 
"Not!"
"You dont like my ass? Im crushed!"
"I mean, thats not what he said. Im so gonna kill him."
"No, youre not. It was just Wayne being Wayne."
The topic of marriage appeared to be effectively derailed, at least for the time being. 
At first I was relieved, because if my co-workers were any indication, marriage was a guaranteed way to ruin a relationship. But later I began to worry that Jared had decided to keep himself untethered, the better to take off if the spirit moved him. I wasted quite a bit of mental energy on that, but Jared himself seemed to have forgotten all about it until the day I got hit on in the grocery store after he was sidetracked by a car magazine.
 As I continued shopping, I became aware of a guy who seemed to be walking down the same aisles as me. At one point I grabbed some green onions and stared up at a roll of plastic bags that was beyond my reach. A hand appeared over my head, neatly ripped off a bag and presented it to me. "They shouldn't put those things up so high," said the guy.
"It's not their fault," I replied. "If I was any shorter, I'd be foraging under mushrooms."
His name was Dennis and he wasnt a creep, just a nice guy who saw something he liked and decided to take a chance. And, yes, I was flattered. Dumpy little me, in my too-big t-shirt, no makeup, hair hastily swooped up in a clip with elf-locks straggling all over, got hit on! Then Denniss eyes traveled up, up, up, and I knew Jared had appeared behind me.
"Sorry, man. I didnt see a wedding ring. Damn, all the good ones are taken!" Dennis sighed and went on his way.
"Ayup, that no-wedding-ring things an ongoing source of confusion," Jared grumbled.
"He's gone now, so don't start."
"Im confused. I love you and I want to marry you. You say you love me--"
"I do love you!" I protested.
"--but when the topic of marriage comes up, I get the Dance of the Seven Evasions. Trs beaucoup de confusion!" 
"No French! Thats not fair!"
"Alls fair in love and...love."
I darted a glance at the nearby shoppers who were listening avidly. "I just dont want to ruin what we have."
"Ruin how? The minute the ring goes on your finger, my dick falls off?" 
"You are not allowed to hang out with Wayne anymore! Thats not what I meant and you know it. Im just"
"...scared. Well, me, too, kinda. But, my god, Robin! Compared to all the stuff weve been through, getting married is a walk in the park. To hell with this damned monkey drill." He plunked his hat down on a nearby pyramid of cantaloupes, got down on one knee and grabbed my hand. "Robin Callahan, will you marry me?" 
Tears sprang into my eyes. Jared teared up, too, but hed made it this far and was determined to see it through. "I dont have a ring on me, but thisll do." He untied the strip of rawhide from his ponytail, eliciting gasps from some of the women as his hair fell free.
"If she dont marry him, I will!" one woman said to her companion.
"Jared, youre crazy!" I exclaimed.
"This we know. But I just might be the lunatic youre looking for. Now, one more time:  will you marry me?"
The tears brought reinforcements to twist up my vocal cords and all I could do was nod.
Jared tied the strip of rawhide around my ring finger. He got to his feet and pulled me up on my tippiest tiptoes to seal the deal with a kiss while our audience applauded wildly.
 
Chapter 18: I Now Pronounce You Harry and Hermione--Robin 
For someone who was so anxious to get married, Jared balked like a mule at some of the necessary logistics. For example, he was less than thrilled at the prospect of going downtown to the courthouse for the marriage license.
"My experiences with government buildings have not been warm and fuzzy," he said. "Cant we just do it online?"
"We have to show up in person to prove were us. Otherwise I could be marrying Wayne, for all they know."
"I could do worse," said Wayne generously.
"And often have, in the past," Michael added.
Jared moved on to the next sticking point. "Do I have to dress up?" 
"An orange jump-suits always appropriate."
"Wayne, youre not helping! No, you dont have to dress up."
"Good, cause Ill be damned if Im gonna wear a tie."
"Jared, Id sooner put a tie on a timber wolf. Relax."
I had a low-grade panic attack in the parking deck and Jared approached the metal detector as if it was a guillotine, but we survived the courthouse.
One hurdle down.
The only church in which Jared would consider setting his size-fourteen foot was the Unitarian one across town, and only because its basement housed the recovery meeting where we first met.
Wayne approved. "Good choice, Jared. Unitarians arent all up in your business like some churches."
"Most churches," Jared growled.
I quickly located the minister, who was more than happy to perform the ceremony but wanted to meet with us first to discuss the arrangements.
"Arrangements sounds like a damned funeral," Jared said. "Whats the big deal? 'Do you, Jared, Do you, Robin, and I now pronounce you husband and wife. Done. Why do we have to meet with him first?"
"Her."
"Say what?"
"The ministers a her. Colleen Painter. I liked her; shes a lot of fun."
"Ministers arent fun."
"This one is. You can see for yourself when she comes over tonight."
"Say what?"
As we finished the last of the supper dishes, Jared paused in mid-dry. "Hush a second." Sound of an approaching motorcycle. "Harley." He began to list make, model and a bunch of other attributes. He could have been describing the inner workings of the Starship Enterprise for all the sense it made to me. 
The sound grew closer. 
"Its coming here." Jared strode out to the porch for a better view. As I joined him, the motorcycle swung into a vacant spot next to Shug. The rider dismounted and removed a crash helmet, revealing a head of beautiful iron-gray hair.
I waved to her. "Its Colleen. Cmon, Jared, Ill introduce you."
Before we could leave the porch, Wayne burst out of his apartment and bounded down to the parking lot. He hugged Colleen and plucked at her hairstyle as they chatted excitedly.
I dont know why I was surprised.
 ____________________

Jared was as apprehensive as a Great Dane on an icy pond as we approached the church on The Big Day.
"If he springs fangs and starts hissing when we walk in, I am so out of here!" Wayne whispered to me.
We were ridiculously early. Colleen hadnt arrived yet and the doors were still locked, so Jared and I wandered around the parking lot holding hands and reminiscing about the first time we met in person. Was it really only six months ago? 
Michael peered into one of the windows. "Come see!" he called. "Its decorated like Harry Potter!"
We clustered around him and pointed out owls, banners, and other Harry-obilia until a motorcycle pulled up behind us.
"Whats the big attraction?" Colleen called over the engine's roar.
"Harry Potter!" Wayne replied.
"Uh-oh. Somebody got their schedules crossed. The kids party isnt until tomorrow." Colleen looked at our beaming faces and smiled. "I take it this isnt going to be a problem. Lets go inside."
I linked my arm through Jared's. "Cmon, tall, dark and heathen. Its show time."
Once everyone was settled, Colleen began the ceremony.
"Some people belong together, but they dont always find each other. Im honored to be joining in marriage Jared and Robin, who most definitely belong together, and Im so happy they managed to find each other.
"We have come here today so Robin and Jared can bear witness to the love that has grown between them. We acknowledge the decision of these two special people to share their lives. This sharing is not at the expense of each partners individuality, but rather the individuality is what forms the strength of their common bond. 
"Jared and Robin, as two separate beings you shall create one home in which each, in his or her own way, shall become more complete because of the other. From joys and sorrows shared, you shall grow in love and loyalty; from any pain given and forgiven, you shall grow in mutual understanding.
"If you have carefully considered the sacredness of the obligation assumed when two lives are wed, and are well assured that you are prepared to enter this covenant, please join hands and take your vows."
Jared and I took turns repeating the vow: "I take you to be no other than yourself. Loving what I know of you, trusting what I have yet to discover, with respect for your honesty and with faith in your unfailing love for me through all our years and in all that life may bring us, I am yours, as you are mine."
Michael and Wayne stepped forward with the rings. Once they were in place, I couldnt remember what our hands looked like without them.
"Go, now, and enter into the life of your togetherness. May your years be many, prosperous, and filled with love, and may you always be each others best friend. I now declare you husband and wife." Colleen smiled. "Do I even have to tell you what comes next?"
 ____________________

"That went beautifully," said Michael as we pulled up at Mexicali Blues.
"It sure did," Wayne agreed. "The Princess didnt drop Jareds ring!"
 Jared surveyed his left hand. "Seeing as how the things as big as a damned hula hoop, I don't think there was much danger. Too bad Colleen couldnt come to Mexicali with us."
"Lets see." Wayne tapped a finger against his lip. "Todays Saturday and its nice out. Shes probably taking her mother to play miniature golf."
Jared raised his eyebrows. "On the bike?"
"Oh, hell yes. Mama loves the bike. Eighty-five years old and I swear shes gonna bury us all."
Marisa came to greet us. "Table or booth?"
 "I wouldnt trust these two anywhere near a padded surface," said Wayne. "Better make it a table."
Michael tiptoed to kiss the top of Waynes head. "Well also need a high chair for the baby." 
Jared and I had wanted a simple wedding with just our two closest friends, and thats exactly what we got. The idea of a reception never occurred to either of us; Wayne and Michael had pounced on this omission and run like hell with it. 
The main dining area was banked with flowers and packed with the staff of Mexicali Blues, Waynes entire family, my buddies from the mailroom at work and the gang from CurlWinds. A wedding cake presided over one corner of the room, and another table groaned under a pile of gifts. 
Michael slipped an arm around each of us. "No killing of Fairy Godbrothers allowed."
Wayne appeared in a glittering sombrero nearly as big as he was. "At least not until after we eat. I'm absolutely famished!"
____________________

The cake was a work of art.
Made from scratch by Wayne's mother and Aunt Paulina, it featured three almond-iced tiers painstakingly decorated with leaves and flowers, topped by two ivory-colored pastry peacocks whose frosting tails swooped down either side of the cake. 
"It's incredible!" I exclaimed.
"It better be!" Vincent Jr. replied. "None of us have been allowed in the kitchen for two days!"
____________________

"Damn, Robin's honey is some kind of hot!" Chino remarked to Genii. "I wonder if he has a gay brother tucked away somewhere?"
Genii rolled her eyes. "God, you're such a slut!"
"Like you've got room to talk!" sniffed FrankLyn. "Just the other day you were wishing Robin had a sister!"

Dressed in a floor-length deep-purple sheath and matching shawl, earrings and   necklace made of brightly-colored plastic fruit and a huge rhinestone pineapple pinned to her hair, Orkid swept towards the ladies' room with a wad of kleenex pressed to her eyes. 
"Christ, she looks like a weeping pitcher of sangria!" Wayne exclaimed. "For the life of me, I don't know why she bothers with mascara--she cries so much it's formed a permanent puddle in her cleavage."
The mailroom guys pulled Robin aside for a quick confab, after which she made her laughing way back to Jared. 
"What's so funny?" he asked. 
"I just found out the Wyrd Sisters told everybody at work that I married Michael!"
___________________

Chapter 19: Bride of Wolfen--Robin
"Yo, Wolfen!"
All heads turned towards a man whose long red hair and beard blazed like a forest fire. His beefy arm was draped around a woman holding a baby whose tiny head sported a similar flaming thatch.
Jared leaped like a trout. "Conan? You have got to be shitting me!" 
People leaped out of harm's way as the two men rushed towards each other.  They met in a hug that was more like a body slam before exchanging an intricate series of handshakes.
I caught Wayne's sleeve. "Okay, how did you guys manage this?"
"Easy-peasy," he replied. "We stole--"
"Borrowed," Michael corrected.
"Well, excuse mois, Captain Virtue! We borrowed Jared's old answering machine. The message from Vegas night was still there, so we called the number and invited them."
"And here's the Bride of Wolfen!" roared a gravelly voice as Conan lifted me off my feet. "Damn, the boy done good for himself!" he exclaimed. "I told these guys--" he nodded towards Wayne and Michael--"that Rachel and me wouldn't miss him really gettin' hitched for all the coke in the cartels!" 
"Especially after the hell I put you both through with that phone message," Rachel added. "Poor Jared! He thought he'd lost you forever!" 
Conan set me down carefully and turned to thump Jared on the back. "Yeah, that old wreckage of the past is a real ball-twister, ain't it? Hey, Robin! Did he ever tell you about Caligula?"
"Dude, what went on in the bus, stays on the bus!" Jared protested. 
"Take anything Conan tells you with a big bag of rock salt," Rachel advised. "Think Frank Zappa's barbarian with a wrench in his pocket from 'Crew Slut'." 
I caught Conan's sharp little dark blue eyes and asked, "What's Caligula?" 
"Our old tour bus," he replied. "Man, the stories that vehicle could tell! Hey, Wolfen, remember the time--"
Rachel handed the baby to his father. "If you two are gonna reminisce about your so-called Glory Days, I'm out of here. C'mon, Robin, before the sleaze takes on a life of its own."
Before we could leave, I noticed a man standing in the doorway scanning the crowd through aviator sunglasses. I knew I'd seen him before, but for the life of me I couldn't figure out where. 
His sand-colored hair was twisted into a braid that hung over one shoulder almost to his waist. He wore an ancient denim jacket, faded jeans and battered boots that reminded me of Jared's. When he caught me watching him he raised a conspiratorial finger to his lips and skirted the crowd to creep up behind Jared, who was perched on one of the tables. The man pushed his sunglasses back on his head and flashed me a devilish grin I'd seen a thousand times on all possible forms of media. 
"Damn, little brother!" he said to the back of Jared's head. "You still wearing that mangy old hat?"
Gabriel Tennyson, the sole surviving member of Infernal, had actually left his mountain lair to come to our reception. 
____________________
 
Much later, Jared and I emerged from the Bordello Bed and went to sit on the porch. The sunset was unusually beautiful, maybe because this entire day had been unusually beautiful and the trend was continuing.
Jared broke the stillness. "I swear I've hugged more people in the past four hours than I did in my whole life! Not that I'm complaining, mind you."
"They sure are a demonstrative bunch," I agreed. 
"I was a little worried about you in a room with so many people, but you did great."
"That's because they're not just 'people', they're our people." 
"I still can't believe Conan and Gabe showed up!" Jared smiled at the memory. "I thought I'd never see them again."
"You can thank Wayne and Michael for that," I said. "Devious little twits!"
Jared laughed. "Where would we be without our Fairy Godbrothers? Damn, I love those guys."
"That makes two of us. By the way, Rachel says we have a standing invitation to visit her and Conan in San Francisco."
"And Gabe told me his place is available for a mountain getaway any time our little hearts desire. Quite an honor coming from the Hermit King himself! But first Id like for us to visit Dan and Gretchen sometime soon. They've got a house full of new kids right now so they couldn't make it to the wedding, but they really want to meet you." 
"And I know they'd love to see you. But, Jared, are you sure you're ready?" 
"Ayup. Its time." He leaned his head against my knee, and I stroked his hair as we watched the rest of the unusually beautiful sunset.

---The End--

Authors note:

I hope you enjoyed reading Sliced But Not Diced as much as I enjoyed writing it!
The opinions of my readers are important to me.  Could you please take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer? 
Thanks!
Donna Frahmann
About the Author
 
Donna Frahmann lives with her husband Judd, two insane cats, and an indoor rainforest of plants. Sliced But Not Diced--A Love Story is her first ebook. 
 
She is currently seeking representation for her full-length novel Old Wolves--A Story about Second Chances, and is working on a third novel, Magic Man--A Story about Forgiveness.  
 
To find out more about the author, visit Life Is Short and So Am I at http://www.donnafrahmann.wordpress.com. 
