THE DARK SEASON
GARGOYLES
By Robert Desilva
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013
	The gothic cities of St. Viktersburg and New Holland are caught off guard by a new and evil menace. Similar to vampires, this threat comes in the form of Countess Eva Sandagaul-one of the worlds most beautiful women. Her cursed existence unravels and soon reveals her family secret. As a result, a chain reaction of events spiral out of control causing Thomas Dikane and Xavier Nokovic, two of the most powerful men on earth, to go head to head for the first time. Eva reluctantly takes command of her species during their unyielding quest for human flesh and blood. With a crisis that spans two cites, Thomas is forced to exchange his life for the immortality of one child wedged in the middle of Evas revenge during the dreaded dark season.
LICENSING NOTICE
No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form without the express written permission of the author. All rights reserved.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
My many thanks go to Sue Schaumburg for her help in editing.
Cover image is credited to Artist Wyldraven.
Prologue  The Dark Season: Gargoyles
	Utter blackness engulfed Thomas as he picked Danielle up in his arms. She let out a weak moan as she struggled to awaken from her poisonous sleep. The blood from her chest seeped through the torn slits of her dress and onto his coat. He pulled out an ultra ray device with his right hand and flung it against the wall, which cracked and exploded. Light too bright to look upon with the naked eye streamed forward through the designed openings. He dashed toward the entrance. He reached the door, but all he saw was a wall. He was amazed and mystified. For a second, he thought he had lost his mind. Then, he remembered how easily gargoyles could become one with any type of concrete. Even so, up to that point, he hadnt seen them demonstrate such power. There was silence as the light far behind allowed him to see his surroundings. He felt as though he was buried deep underground. As Williams repeated his warning the St. Danes church bell rang-shattering the night air. He had to act fast. He only had eleven strikes left. The bell sounded like the ocean crashing onto the shore followed by a wave of thunderous echoes that sent shudders down the spine. This added to the nervousness of all the onlookers. He gently laid Danielle on the floor against the wall. Even though everyone around him began to panic internally, including Xavier and his family, Thomas, true to form remained as cool as ever. To him, there had to be a way out.
	He quickly scouted his surroundings as the bell tolled again and again. He spotted the gargoyle statue he passed earlier upon entry. He noticed the huge sledge hammer embedded in its claws. Rather than attempt to crack the thick stone around the hammer, he used another approach. He took the palm of his hand and pressed hard and short as he exhaled a breath of air. The statue cracked and suddenly crumbled into pieces as the hammer fell to the ground. This was a variation of an ancient martial art form known as Dim-mak. This enabled him to crack an object at the ends, while at the same time, leaving the object in the middle undamaged. Despite the weight, Thomas raised the hammer like a small stick.
	The light further down the tower slowly began to fade. He ran up to the wall that didnt face the direction from which he came, but instead, faced the river. Danielle moaned again and then opened her eyes slightly. 
She was very groggy and whimpered, D-a-d-d-y. 
Her voice was weak. She closed her eyes again and fell asleep. The bell rang for the last time. One second later, he heard an enormous boom from outside. The explosives were going off from the bottom to the top of the bridge. Determined and driven by the weak cries of an innocent little girl, he swung his mighty hammer against the wall as the charges went off in succession. He swung again and again and again. The wall stood firm but he would not be denied his resurrection from the tomb he was sealed in.  He swung faster and harder as each explosion grew closer. The wall began to crack. 
One explosion went off in the rear of the tower. Fire erupted due to an accelerant added to the surface by Evas henchmen. Flames raced up the hall and surrounded them. He began to tire. His muscles tightened up and grew numb from the stress of so much exertion. His heart pounded almost too fast for him to catch his breath. He was exhausted. His strength was fading fast. The hammer, which felt light as a twig at the start, gradually seemed to weigh more than a wrecking ball. He took a deep breath and reared back once more as fire began to close in on them. He swung one last time with all of his spiritual and physical might. The hammer struck the wall with such impact that the sound resembled another explosion. The section of mass concrete in front of him came crashing down. Chunks fell outward and into the dark depths hundreds of feet below. 
	Thomas quickly ran over to Danielle and scooped her up. He pulled out a thin wired cable with a hook and put it around her. He then hooked the piece onto his belt as her head rested on his shoulder. The bridge buckled and made a racket similar to the movement of the ground during the shelling by the great guns used during World War Two. Then, the entire floor underneath shook and shifted like an earthquake as the bridge began to collapse. He hurried over to the opening he created. As everyone moved back and to the side of the bridges on ramp, Xavier, his family and all those present saw their images from the ground and gasped with horror. Kerri covered her mouth as did the others. People that were in the vicinity heard the explosions and witnessed the action. Traffic and people stopped in their tracks as parts of the structure began to drop into the dark, gray waters of New Holland. 
Thomas held Danielle tight as he stood on the edge of the towers floor. As the entire bridge gave way he utilized the only option he had left. He leapt off and out into the air. The noise from the bridges disintegration sounded like the detonation of a bomb. The towers, the steel and the frame plunged into the water. The dust of so many components caused an enormous cloud of smoke from the explosions and debris, which rose up to the sky to meet the structure on the way down. 
Victoria, Xavier, Kerri, the Hunters, the police and all those who were within view watched helplessly as Thomas and Danielle disappeared in the smoke and dust clouds on their way down to their doom.

CHAPTER ONE
	New Holland usually didnt receive a lot of rain in the month of September. Even more uncommon, were the number of thunderstorms they were experiencing. The entire region had recently been battered with high winds and violent tornados. If residents were looking for a bad omen for the upcoming dark season, the tenacious weather was a clear one. 
The summer was long and very hot. New Holland was the warmest of the big cities in Europe. When the long night hours began, the temperatures dropped gradually. This particular night was unseasonably cold and wet. Lightening cracked the skies and struck trees, and vehicles were turned over by strong winds. 
In the most affluent neighborhoods of the east side sat the most beautiful homes owned by the wealthiest people in not only Europe, but the world. The mansions were separated by acres of land in many instances. Garages were bigger than most residential homes in the middle class areas. They housed such vehicles as Boxers, Bentleys, Ferraris, Mercedes and Rolls Royce. But none housed a car as significant as the glossy, black BMW sedan parked on the property of a dark, yet, beautiful mansion that was by chance, the largest in the neighborhood. Located at 143 Raven Brooke Manor, the property seemed a bit too mysterious for most of the citys elite. They were often spooked by it. Regardless, these expensive homes were not completely immune from the dangers of property damage any more than homes inhabited by the poor.
	On this night, most of the lights inside the three story-thirty room structure blacked out due to the severe storms. The backup generator had yet to be installed in the owners newly constructed underground space, who themselves had moved in just one week earlier. There were only three people home at the time. The only light that worked was located downstairs in the dining room, which shined on a young woman in the kitchen who was at the sink washing a few dishes. The lightning flashed so rapidly that the inside of the residence resembled daytime. Thunder repeatedly and violently shook the foundation and rattled the windows with each bolt that cascaded down through the clouds. 
While the young woman tended to her chore at the sink, a man drove into her garage and parked. He stepped out, paused briefly and surveyed his surroundings and noticed that the place was almost completely dark. As the young woman slowly washed her china, upstairs in one of the bedrooms were two little girls barely five years old. They repeatedly jumped up and down on their beds as they played. They laughed and squealed in delight. Neither they, nor their mother downstairs, seemed aware of a man from outside who somehow entered their home without a sound. He stood in silence and looked around the living room. He slowly approached the young woman in the kitchen from behind. He stopped when he heard the happy voices of her two young girls. He instead, gripped the banister and started upstairs to the second floor. He walked past a couple of rooms until he reached theirs. Their door was closed, but he could still hear them having the time of their lives. He slowly turned the knob, and then quickly flung the door open. The girls were startled and halted their play immediately.
After a second they screamed, Daddy! 
They jumped down off their beds and ran toward the man who entered. He was none other than Xavier Nokovic. He stepped further inside and knelt down on one knee as his two daughters Danielle and Pessia, threw themselves into his arms. They were identical twins in every physical aspect. They both had their mother and fathers features. To the outside world only their family could tell them apart. As he hugged and kissed them, a voice interrupted them from behind. 
Alright thats enough of that. 
He turned and looked at his beautiful wife Victoria, who left the kitchen and came upstairs once she heard the ruckus. She leaned against the doorway with her arms folded.
Have you been good today? He asked. 
Both girls looked at their mother, who raised one of her eyebrows in anticipation of their answers. 
Yes daddy we behaved today. Danielle answered as Pessia shook her head in agreement. 
Victoria rolled her eyes to the ceiling, smiled and shook her head in playful frustration. Xavier told them to get ready for bed. Victoria informed him that she put them to bed a half hour before he came home and that they hadnt listened to her. He lightly chastised them for not obeying their mother. He encouraged them to go over and give her a hug. They ran to her and grabbed her tight. They puckered up their lips as she leaned down and kissed each one good night. They ran back over to him. He walked them across their large room hand in hand to their beds, which were next to each other with one night table between them. They got under the covers and lay down. He sat down on each of their beds and playfully rubbed noses with them-a ritual he did every night before they went to sleep. They giggled as his nose tickled theirs. How they loved their father. Once he completed that task he turned their battery operated, emergency lamp down low and closed their room door as he exited. He gently pushed Victoria up against the corridor wall and kissed her. 
Were really going to have to talk about them. Theyve gotten so that youre the only one they listen to around here, she complained. 
I know. But you know they always have a hard time going to sleep unless Im home, he reasoned. 
Yeah I noticed, she replied. The storm blew out most of the electricity except for a light or two on the first floor. The Citys electric company said theyd be back on later tonight. 
So what are we going to do until then? He enquired in a romantic voice. 
I have some ideas, she said. 
Whatever they are, were going to need the lights I assume. 
She shook her head in disagreement.
 Uh uhwhat were going to do doesnt require any lights. 
She pulled him into their bedroom and closed the door behind them. Their passion hadnt waned over the past five years of their marriage but instead, increased. The heat between them always sizzled just beneath the surface when they were near each other.
	The two produced two gorgeous children from their union. Danielle was the oldest twin by just a few minutes. Victoria named Danielle and Xavier named Pessia. They looked like gothic angels. They were a beautiful mixture of his jet black eyes and hair, his caramel colored skin, angled shaped face and cheeks. That mixture also included Victorias lightly bronzed skin, golden blonde hair, sparkling greenish-blue eyes and full red, curvy lips. As a result, both girls possessed her skin tone, and long, wavy-dark, auburn hair. Their multi-colored eyes included the perfect balance of gray in the middle-outlined on the edge with a spectacular shade of sea blue. Their eyes were exquisite and the most beautiful in the entire Nokovic family. They had their fathers face shape but their mothers lips. They were the new jewels of the gothic Royal family.  
Although a Goth; Xavier purposely gave Pessia an ancient Celtic name that originated from Scotland. He came across the name just before her birth and fell in love with the moniker. He wanted to give her the most beautiful name in the world and it was as far as he was concerned. He felt if anyone could say, Russia, then they could easily enunciate the short e sound in her name.
Danielle was his first born but he had a feeling that one day Pessia would be the first to achieve greatness. Xavier developed a great admiration for the Scottish. After all, they were his secret, yet, closest allies who helped him in many untold ways to defeat the deadly and fanatical government of the late Prime Minister, Brent Olenhoff. Their heroism and fearless support left an eternal impression on him that inspired his loyalty. He was proud to have them as friends because they fought together and defeated their nemesis. 
He and Nathan McClendon became close friends who helped each other continuously to stomp out the remaining sparks of the Visigothic Empire. They were still a threat, but were a mere shadow of themselves since the death of their King, Dwayne Valdis and his son Marc, who Xavier slew in a final duel to the death.  Many simply fled the city or the country in fear of their lives. 
	Five years had passed since Xavier and his Alexis secured a place in the new millennium for their people. He and Victoria married after he discovered she was also an immortal. Their wedding was a grand Ceremony attended by people from all walks of their inner society. Nathan, who was also admired by Alexis for his bravery and assistance, invited him to attend. He felt out of place around so much royalty. She refused to take no for an answer and when he showed up, she seated him in middle of her family. She introduced him as a great friend to not only her and Xavier, but to all her people. She pledged that he would always have her support in any righteous battle he was involved in. He put his life on the line as a spy within a government that would have executed him without trial or hesitation had he been caught helping her. 
	Xavier and Victoria lived at the palace for five years-the entire length of their union. His family loved his children.  Alexis was renewed with new life to have her first set of grandchildren. As they did in his upbringing, Darcia and her daughter Lazette, Jacqueline, and Alexis spoiled them ridiculously. However, after a time, Xavier felt that Victoria needed her own domain as any woman did. As a result, he bought a huge, thirty room mansion just ten minutes away by car. He paid an easy twenty-three million for the property, which had every amenity a human being could want. In addition, he added many of his own changes and improvements. 
His new home came with acres of land. He immediately had a brand new fence constructed to wall off his property from others. This wasnt an attempt to be anti-social. He was being careful and conscientious. He had Max and Victorias new two hundred pound Leopard. On top of that, they owned two, full grown Lionesses that belonged to the twins. They were given to them when they were three years old and loved them as much as any child could love a pet. They were born from a lioness owned by Jacqueline. As cubs, they slept on Danielle and Pessias beds and like all the other pets around the palace, were very close to them and extremely protective. Still, he couldnt chance them straying off his property and roaming the streets. If one of them ever got out and killed someone he would be responsible. Even worse, he wouldnt be able to live with himself. 
	The twins were full-blooded immortals at birth like Xavier, but their powers began to mature at a much earlier age. Their gifts showed in the way they controlled their pets. They communicated with them as easily as Xavier did with Max. 
For five year old girls, they were extremely strong. Not only that, but their ability to shape shift, although limited, was a startling revelation.  Pessia demonstrated hers two days after moving into their new home. She was playing with some toy, doll house pieces on the wooden coffee table in their living room. She dropped one on the floor, which bounced under the table. Victoria was busy about the mansion putting items where she wanted them and unpacking others. She entered and noticed that Pessia didnt bend down under the table to reach her toy. Without any forethought, she instinctively stuck her arm through the top and reached down into it in an attempt to retrieve the piece. She managed to get as far as her elbow, but could go no further. Witnessing how easily her daughters flesh manipulated itself and became part of a foreign, solid material, Victoria dropped the box she was carrying due to her astonishment. 
She walked over to Pessia and gazed down at her.
 How did you do that? 
Easy, I do it all the time mommy-see? 
She stuck her arm through the top of the table again as easily as one moves through the air and then looked up at Victoria with a smile. Danielle was playing at the other end of the table and got their attention. 
I can do it too mommy. Watch me-Its easy.
She proceeded to place her hand through the coffee table, but only got as far as her forearm. They appeared puzzled because of the look on Victorias face. They couldnt understand what the big deal was. They didnt think that what they accomplished was unusual or special. They thought everyone could do what they did. 
How long have you two been able to do that? Victoria enquired. 
Not long, Danielle answered. We started doing this just before we left grandmothers house. 
Their gift had begun to develop early in their lives. Xaviers didnt begin until he was a full grown man. The two girls simply went back to playing as though nothing significant had taken place. 
	To be immortal and possess supernatural abilities is a wonder. To see those abilities manifested in children that she and Xavier created was extraordinary-even for her. To see them do the impossible just astounded her, especially at such a young and innocent age. Both parents were very excited, but their powers also presented a problem. 
Victoria and Xavier had to enroll them in private school for kindergarten one day with all the other rich kids who came from snobby families. The Ostrogoths hadnt completely constructed their own national education system-yet. They either home schooled their kids, sent them to the public institutions their community operated on very rare occasions, or sent them to private schools. However, in less than a year, Xavier and Victoria would have to choose. Their dilemma was one that all immortal children faced no matter which gothic sect they came from. They obviously had the freedom and choice to send them to private school. However, they still ran the risk of their powers being revealed, which would make them a target for other kids and teachers who were jealous or even worse, afraid of them. 
Immortals usually progressed five times faster than ordinary children once they reached five or seven years old. That meant sooner or later, they were faced with curriculums that were extremely easy-so easy that school became boring due to the lack of challenge. At the same time, parents, including Xavier and Victoria, refused to home school them. 
Kids need friends, interaction away from home, different cultures, a camaraderie with those of the same culture as well, and relationships in order to grow. They need to dream together in order to bond and have a sense of belonging to someone else besides the people they live with. Xavier and Victoria didnt want their daughters to miss out on their elementary years. They also were not going to deprive them of their teen years. 
He always regretted not knowing how it felt to go out on Friday nights with his dates and watch school sporting events like football, hockey, basketball, or hang out together, catch a movie and do the silly, fun and crazy things adolescents do. He was envious of the teen and college crowds of the modern era. When he attended high school, the events that 20th century students enjoyed didnt exist. By the time such organized activities came along over a century later, he had already graduated college at the age of sixteen. And to keep from progressing too quickly, he purposely entered wrong answers on tests and other school work all through his education just so he wouldnt leave his classmates behind. Some were not a part of his society but were his friends-much to the dismay of his Alexis. He didnt want his childrens mental abilities to move them along too fast and cause them to miss out on the best years of their lives. He and Victoria were determined on this matter. Although Danielle and Pessia had the ability to live endlessly, they were only going to be children and teenagers once. And when those years were over they would be gone forever. 
Xavier and Victoria didnt know exactly what they were going to do. Sending them to school each day under heavy guard would disrupt their surroundings. They had time to decide. The new age of private schools had sprung up all over New Holland since the arrival of the Goths. They were rich and powerful. Alexis assured both of them that their worries about Danielle and Pessias education would be worked out. After all, her grandchildren would be attending school with tons of other kids from prominent families, but still on the outside of her community, which didnt sit well with her.  So she vowed to have her own school system set up by the time Danielle and Pessia were ready to attend.
The twins were extremely close and obviously shared the same identical physical traits. Except in some ways, their personalities were different.  Danielle was kind of bossy-talked a little more, and was more outgoing like her mother. But she didnt take to strangers, especially people her parents didnt really know. Pessia was a bit more quiet and reserved and was a thinker who at such a young age, didnt always reveal what was going on in her head. In that respect, she had already jumped into the shoes of her father and inherited his personality. 
	When Xavier moved out of the Royal Palace, the transition for his family was devastating. He had lived under the same roof with them for two hundred years. He and Kerri didnt, nor would they ever, change how they operated toward each other. One of the joys Victoria cherished when she married and moved into the palace, was the verbal rumbles between the two siblings. She found both of them and their bouts entertaining and extremely hilarious. She usually avoided taking sides and instead, watched, listened and laughed until she was often red in the face. Sometimes she sat, ate and drank in front of them when they sparred as though she was at a theatre entrenched in her favorite movie. She never had any brothers and sisters to fight with and funny as one might think, she felt she missed out on that. 
One could argue that the two were happiest when they fought.  Often, when the family gathered in the living room, Alexis and her sisters were drawn into taking sides between the two. Before everyone knew it, there was a full scale, yet, light-hearted war of sorts that broke out. But that was how the family was. The only two who were really aggravated were Kerri and Xavier, who always made up. All the functions that made her home life so much fun and familiar ended when he moved out. He only lived ten minutes down the road by car, but that wasnt the same as him going to bed and waking up under the same roof she did. She realized that he wouldnt be there for her to stick her nose into his business or take shots at him. 
	When he announced his plans to move, something happened to Kerri. She was horrified at the thought of not having him around as usual. Who would she fight with? They were accustomed to a close, yet, taunted style relationship, which included her over-protectiveness toward him. She was afraid things would never be the same between them. Thats when her personality began to change. Her family figured she was suffering with a small bout of depression. They didnt think that even Kerri herself realized how down she looked. 
	The day before he left she came to his quarters. They talked while Victoria was in another part of the palace with the twins and other family members. He sat in his chair next to his bed. She sat on the edge of his bed on the other side as usual. He eagerly discussed his plans for his new home. He noticed that she had been extremely quiet the past four weeks or so, but assumed she was having other issues that were none of his business.  He went on and on about his new mansion when suddenly, she buckled over on the bed and buried her face in her hands. 
At first, he couldnt believe what he was seeing. She was crying uncontrollably. He jumped up, walked around the bed and grabbed her by the shoulders and asked what was wrong. She was barely able to speak. 
Pleasedont move out. I dont want you to guys to go. 
She dropped her head on him and wept. 
Hey, what is this? My sister is crying because Im going? He replied with a smile. I thought youd be glad to get rid of me by now. 
I dont want you to go. Who am I going to fight with? Besides, Ill be here all alone, she admitted as her voice quivered, Youre my brother andI guess Im going to miss you more than I thought. 
She had a complete breakdown that disturbed him. All the moping-the fake smiles she paraded to everyone was an attempt to fight through the realization that her closest family member was leaving and she just couldnt bear that. They were inseparable. Life around him was her security, her familiarity and suddenly a huge part of that vanished. 
She didnt have any love interest to keep her company. Her reaction completely took him by surprise. She was like a rock-tough and rarely displayed sad emotion to anyone. She was stronger and more powerful than the numerous men who wanted her. There wasnt much of a turn on in that, nor was there a lot of respect either. She liked men, real men who were strong. A man that could step up and do battle to save her if she ever got in trouble and was too weak to help herself. How could a man save her if he couldnt save himself? This may not have made sense to most people, but thats how she thought-thats just the way she was. She came from a family of very powerful women and inherited her view of a strong man from her mother, who herself, was the most dangerous female on earth. In a way, she wanted someone who was at the top of the chain. Unfortunately, the only man she knew of in the world that fit that description was Xavier.
He comforted her and promised that their relationship would never change. She pleaded with him but all of his plans were finalized. There was no turning back at such a late date.  Leaving was his idea-not Victorias. He felt he made the right move but also didnt want her to fault his wife for his departure. Either he didnt realize, or over the years he forgot just how much she cared for him. Her break down left him guilt ridden and spoiled his entire relocation process. She was his closest friend. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt her. 
Immortality gave the Nokovics and other sects extraordinary mental and physical abilities. Nevertheless, that didnt always shield them from the emotional abnormalitys that struck ordinary people. Some of them suffered the same imbalances in life whether they were depression, paranoia or other conditions. Living longer didnt always mean they lived better or fuller lives. Life was a gift and what they did with that gift was up to them. They sometimes dealt with complexes, phobias and mental weaknesses like anyone else.  The worst aspect about their weaknesses is that the longer they lived, the longer they suffered until they finally overcame their quandary.
	Kerri was very lonely after Xavier left. He used to wonder why she and his best friend, Colt never got together. He alleged that she was hard to handle. He was stronger than her, but only by a notch. He was not as gifted at shape shifting as she was. And coupled by the fact that Alexis was his legal and sworn godmother, Kerri felt more like an older sister than a love interest. Besides that, he spent much of his youth fighting with her almost as much as Xavier did. 
CHAPTER TWO
	With the dark season approaching, St. Viktersburg was a tense place for those who survived the original vampire invasion five years earlier. People were used to the cool weather and foreboding skies that always seemed to harbor on the edge of what resembled a permanent twilight. It was the windiest city in Europe. In September, people pulled out their winter attire because snow would soon follow. 
	After the Hunters destroyed the Blood Cutters and most of the Borlandavic clan, the city was a safer place during the winter.  Attacks from vampires occurred far and few in between. The ones lucky enough to escape destruction were forced to keep a low profile. Lynette Borlandavic, Queen Vampire, heir to the throne and power of Lita Reznik, her spiritual mother and the greatest vampire in history, disappeared as suddenly as she arrived. Following her mysterious departure, her species no longer flaunted their immortality. The entire underworld saw what happened to her female, dominated covenant and didnt want to end up with their heads on a stick as well. 
Everything, every cent that Jacque possessed, except for his charity organizations, was left in the hands of Thomas Dikane, Head and Chief Officer of the Hunters. Jacque left his Empire to him both business and personally in terms of his financial wealth. He knew that Thomas was an upright young man who always tried to live a good life every single day. He also perceived from the very first time they met that he was an extraordinarily gifted human being-both physically and mentally-to say nothing of his heightened spiritual powers. He didnt have anyone else he wanted to leave his fortune to. He had no family left. His fellow Members had all practically died out with the exception of Alexander Schroeder, who was the Police Commissioner of St. Viktersburg and Maurice, his closest friend. 
When Jacque died, his empire, which included scores of businesses from oil to the fashion industry, was worth over forty billion dollars. Five years later under Thomas leadership and foresight, his empire grew to over eight hundred billion. He invested wisely in financial deals that helped him corner the market in many instances. There was no other empire, nor any man, wealthier than he was except for the Nokovic family who resided in New Holland just four hours away to the south. Their fortune totaled nearly three trillion.
	Thomas decided that the Hunters needed a more updated headquarters in which to operate from so he had a new one erected downtown-just blocks away from the old headquarters. The Hunters had grown in membership and went from a dozen or so to over twelve thousand. Lynette and the Blood Cutters left the city devastated with thousands of people who disparately wanted a way to avenge the loss of so many men, women and children. As long as Thomas was alive he would always be in recruiting mode. The more money he made for what was now his financial kingdom, the more he could use for recruitment. 
Each and every member was financially compensated-so much so that money was the least of their worries. His next goal was to close a deal that would push him over one trillion dollars.
	Their old headquarters was nice, but not nearly big enough to accommodate over twelve thousand people. The new building, twenty-four stories tall, already had the frame work in place. He took a tour of the place almost every day while the project was under construction. The elevators were installed and in service, which made going up and down so much easier for workers. The development was contracted at a cost of three billion dollars. 
Constructions crews worked around the clock Monday through Friday and sometimes Saturdays to keep pace with Thomass deadline. He expected the new headquarters to be completed in March but no later than May-six to eight months later at the end of the dark season. 
One Friday evening during the second week of September, Thomas and Preston Sheffield, one of the officers of the organization, toured and inspected the top floors. He took notes on design and structural issues they noticed. Although twenty-three, Preston was very intelligent and mature and possessed a Graduate degree in high finance. Dark fell around 2:00pm in September and usually faded around seven or eight in the morning. The crews usually knocked off at 5:00pm on Fridays and didnt return until Monday. They only worked on weekends when they fell behind schedule due to inclement weather or other problems such as, a shortage of man power. There were so many lights hung from the ceiling beams that the building resembled a giant Christmas tree from outside. After they completed their walk through on the twentieth floor, Thomas told Preston to go home and enjoy his weekend. A group of his fellow brothers were all going out for a night on the town. 
	The twentieth floor had the least amount of light. Posh elevators and a few lights were on in certain areas. Other than that, the level was completely dark. The only way one could see was by the bright light of the moon. Preston handed Thomas his writing pad, headed for the elevator and eventually left the building. Thomas remained behind and reviewed the notes. He never wasted money. He kept a close eye on every item and every cent to make sure he wasnt over charged, double billed or being supplied with inferior construction materials. 
Twenty minutes later, he decided to take the long walk back to the elevator to go downstairs. Shawn was scheduled to meet up with him and Dana, his mother, at midnight but was running late. He purchased a brand new, modest twenty-two room mansion that included ten bedrooms, which she used when the entire Dikane family visited. Other than that, she didnt need such a large place since she lived alone. He responded again and bought her a twelve room condominium detached home with a four car garage. He paid for her comfort with his own salary, not the business funds. Nothing was too good for her-nothing. He provided her with all she needed. He and Shawn promised to spend the weekend at her place to help unpack her belongings-many that were too large for her to move.  
Thomas had to pass through the darkest areas in order to reach the elevator. He forgot to bring a flash light although his exceptional eyesight rarely required one. The building was quiet. The only noise that could be heard was from the busy, crowded streets down below. However, he was born a super sentinel who not only possessed unmeasured physical strength, but hearing that often surpassed the abilities of K-nines.  
	He would need all of his senses intact, because on that night someone or something hidden within the shadows was stalking him with every step he took. The outside climate was wet and cold. The wind blew through all the bare levels of the building. He adjusted his long, majestic black coat and then undid the buttons from top to bottom. As he walked, he heard faint footsteps that became heavier and louder with every stride. When he turned to head down the lengthy corridor to take the elevator, a shadowy figure flashed across the hallway behind him. He caught a split second glimpse of the image on the wall which was reflected by the moonlight. He quickly turned around but saw no one.
Because the building was just an empty hull-void of any real interior substance, one single noise became a constant rippling echo of many, which made singling out one specific sound difficult. He quickened his pace. Footsteps dragged behind him, like some kind of giant dragon accompanied by strong impressions that sent tremors across the floor.  In order to reach the elevator he had to cross over four-way intersections that lead to all areas of the twentieth level. A person could literally walk around the entire floor in circles if they chose either direction. Just up ahead, the bright glare from the opened elevator door was the only man-made light he could see. 
He hurried but the closer he approached, the faster the threat dragged toward him from behind. He reached the entrance and stepped inside. Thats when his speed made the world around him move in slow motion. In reality, his actions were too fast for the human eye to keep up with. He stood still and faced the elevator wall for a moment to appear oblivious and helpless so whatever or whoever it was, would be invited to attack him from behind. The unknown predator took the bait. 
The mysterious creeper rushed toward him.  Suddenly, he turned around, pulled out two of his automatic, sawed off shotguns, which were attached to his leg holsters. His coat flared out and wrapped around him due to his quick motion. He arched and stiffened his back and then blasted off two rounds-one from the gun in his left hand and one from his right. The noise from the concussion of their release vibrated through the air and was heard all the way downstairs on the streets below. The bullets struck some kind of alien right dead in the torso. A hideous scream ensued as it fell back on the floor and died immediately. He carefully approached the creature. But it wasnt a vampire as he suspected. All vampires reverted back to their original, human form when they expired. The dead specimen before him remained unchanged.
	He only had a few moments to make an observation. The usual hourly ring of the Reicloftz Gothic Cathedral bell began, which planted an eerie feeling in his gut. He was all alone in an empty, dark building with a creature that attacked him out of nowhere. That cursed bell was always creepy because the sound carried for miles. The vibration tore through ones soul and spirit. 
The sound was haunting and he was glad he lived far enough away that he didnt have to put up with the noise. Between the ringing, he heard more footsteps approaching from behind. He stepped back, calmly turned around, and raised one of his shotguns and fire twice in succession. There was a loud growl then a squeal. The creature, which appeared to stand at nine feet in height, fell to its knees, flopped backwards onto the floor and died.  
Before he could blink twice a third, undetected creature grabbed him by his neck and right hand. His gun fell to the floor. Whatever had him possessed a tail that slithered around his waist to prevent him from escaping. Its mouth, which had either alligator or shark like teeth, only longer, opened wide in preparation to disunite his head from his body. The gray skinned beast pulled him upward. He quickly reached in his waist holster with his left hand and pulled out his pistol a second before his head was in the clutches of its jaws. He fired away up into the mouth of the mysterious marauder, which dropped him immediately and clutched at its throat-riddled with bullets that cracked its skull. Thomas fell to the floor, rolled over upon landing and grabbed his shotgun as he positioned himself on one knee. He used his left hand to brace the barrel and then fired one powerful blast that blew his stalkers head to pieces. 
The gun noise was preceded by the church bell-signifying midnight. He wasnt easily unnerved, but wondered why an unknown, non-vampire individual attacked him. He wondered if the situation was just coincidence or did someone set it up that way. The entire incident didnt make any sense. He called Shawn and a few others and requested their presence at the scene so they could see for themselves who, or what attempted to take his life. Before they arrived, a fourth creature, clearly equipped with huge wings, snatched one of the dead fiends and flew off into the night. This time, he got a better look at the creature and gave a description to Alexander and the others when they arrived. 
After Shawn knelt and examined the corpses he developed an ominous look on his face. We may have a real problem on our hands. 
What is that thing? Thomas asked curiously. 
Its one of the vampires greatest enemies and nowits ours. In France and the Far East theyre known as Gargouille. Here in England they call them gargoyles. 
	Thomas had heard of them and seen them in folklore drawings and in movies, but was never sure if they really existed. Shawn always kept up with the historic tales from which real present day dark practices were still undertaken. Vampires often hated gargoyles more than werewolves-their natural born enemy. 
Gargoyles were thought to be a French legend that sprouted up around the name of a man named St. Romanus between 631 and 641 AD. He was said to have saved France from the monster Gargouille or Gaji as they called him. The monster was said to have a dragon like tale, wings that resembled a bat, a long neck and the ability to breathe fire from its mouth. As the story goes, St. Romanus subdued the ancient menace with the help of only one brave man who was condemned to death. They both transported the creature back to Rouen and burned the remains. As legend has it, the creatures head and neck didnt burn because it was tempered by the fire of its own breath. As a result, they decapitated the monster and mounted the head on the walls of newly built churches to scare off evil spirits. 
The very term, gargoyle, was applied to medieval work. The name represented evil. In reality, they populated places like Romania, Russia, Transylvania and a few parts of Western Europe. However, they were vastly outnumbered by vampires and werewolves, who refused to tolerate them as a third equation in the battle to be at the top of the food chain. Their presence in Germany is what raised the anger and contempt of the vampires, which became the battle ground for their first clash. Unlike werewolves that ate vampire flesh out of revenge, or killed just out of instinct without any reason, gargoyles were more intelligent. They were more cunning, which made them more dangerous. 
	Shawn separated fact from fiction as he spoke. Unlike the ancient stories of the past, gargoyles could take human form. They were immortal like vampires and werewolves, but to a much lesser degree. They were much more vulnerable because one could kill them in the conventional manner as one killed human beings. They were tall, hulking creatures with dangerous and powerful tails with razor sharp points at the end. When they shafted someone, the point, which was shaped like a serrated anchor, could only exit by the flesh being torn up and pulled outside the victims body. Unfortunately for them, a fatal gun blast or any other mortal wound from a deadly instrument to their heart or head would kill them as any other normal human being-provided the fire power was quite tremendous. Their ability to absorb gunshots in a non-life threatening location from a low caliber pistol was little threat to them and not unusual.   
Like vampires, they were vulnerable during the day. Their skin was smooth and came in shades of gray, green, black and on rare occasions chalk white. When daylight arose, they turned to stone where they stood and nothing they said or did could stop the transformation. That was part of their curse. They didnt fly as often as they glided from high places to another to reserve energy. However, if needed, they could ascend straight up into the sky although this emergency maneuver sometimes left them exhausted immediately afterwards. Their wings were wide and looked prehistoric. Their average size was eight to ten feet tall. 
A vital piece of information tales from the old country failed to mention, was that gargoyles could move through stone as easily as people walked through the air. This made them extremely dangerous to track alone. Any creature that could shape shift through solid rock could get into almost any building and attack. Their fingernails were long and sharp and their eyes were completely black. They had long, hideous tongues like a dog. The largest difference between them and their Lycan counterparts is that not only could they change at will, but were actually able to speak while they were in their beastly form. 
Shawn surmised that these creatures, which walked as humans at night, were tired of spending the majority of the day as a statue. The easiest way to kill any gargoyle was to crack their stone image as they stood. Because of their curse, if their images were crushed or smashed to pieces, they were destroyed permanently. There was no coming back. Shawn believed that because of their vulnerability to the light, as with most dark entities, they came to Western Europe. There was no dark season in France, Germany or any other part of east Europe that rivaled St. Viktersburg. However, in New Holland, Scandinavia, and other regions in Europe, darkness sometimes lasted twenty-two to twenty-four hours a day. With no daylight to fear, they could stay in the flesh as long as they desired for half a year. 
Shawn suspected that they wanted his city as their new playground. That would have been fine if they were harmless tourists, but they werent. The most dreadful curse of all made them more like werewolves. Unlike vampires who only needed human blood to live, gargoyles had to consume both flesh and blood to survive. Without the two, they simply wasted away regardless of how much regular food, organic or otherwise, they feasted on. Food that ordinary people ate only kept them alive for a few weeks at best. Thomas was sick with frustration. He and his men had purged the city from a severe infestation of vampires and now five years later they were faced with a brand new threat.
He asked Shawn how he knew so much about the creatures. He informed Thomas that he learned all he knew from Lynette. When he toured her estate after they first met, she had the head of a gargoyle stuffed and mounted on her wall in one of her showrooms that housed historical artifacts. He enquired about the display. She gladly and proudly gave him a history lesson on them as well as other subjects. At the time, he was unaware that he was being taught by a vampire who had grown up under Lita Reznik, who actually battled them in places like Munich, Berlin and Dresden centuries past.  At first, he thought she was just entertaining him. But then he took notice of the distain on her face when she spoke about them. She looked as though she had personally cut the head of that gargoyle off herself. 
He was only half right. He also learned that gargoyles, like vampires, had subservient creatures they ruled. They were served by ghouls. They were men and women who looked perfectly human, but took on their hideous form when they were out of public view. Their teeth were sharp and could retract, extend and change shape at will. Like gargoyles, their curse required them to dine on human flesh but not blood. Ghouls helped them in exchange for protection and the continuous supply of human bodies. They didnt have physical restrictions where their daily life was concerned. They could go out day or night and procreate. And they came in both sexes.
People all over Europe never suspected that many of the so-called hot girls and male heart throbs they drooled over at work or at school were ghouls. When they finally got that date with them or invitation to their house for dinner they didnt realize they were on the menu. By the time they did, it was too late. It was believed that the first original groups of ghouls were Satanist who were cursed and sometimes, voluntarily turned into flesh eating creatures by witches in 6th century Germany. Ghouls were usually rival warlocks and other dark art practitioners who were enemies of various witch covenants during that time. Afterward, they populated and those who became one did so through natural birth. 
They were a unique type of creature. As long as they consumed the appropriate amount of victims to sustain themselves, they remained ageless. If they failed to do so, they decayed both internally and externally and the stench of death accompanied their slow, eroded condition. But they were not immortal and on average only lived for six hundred years at the most. When their time was exhausted, they eventually became ill. Seeing as how they were immune to ordinary viruses, this signaled the final stage of their lives. And despite their youthful appearance, they withered and died-usually in a very quick and sudden fashion.  In some cases gargoyles in human form took ghouls as their mates.
	Thomas had all but one of the dead fiends removed from his building and destroyed. Brandon wanted to examine the last one for scientific reasons.  He and Shawn headed for Danas home but took precautions for the safety of the workers. He hired armed men to protect his crews and also encouraged them individually to carry their own firearms. The most important issue for him was the safety of the workers.
At one point, he considered moving out of the city and taking his mother with him. They were closer than ever. Usually, what happened between Thomas and Dana changed a relationship for the worse.  Often, harsh words spoken to each other are too painful and awful to get over or forgive. And even if, or when people make up, the relationship is never the same-ever. Usually the trust that once existed is gone forever. Most of the time, the parties involved never share the same honesty again. But Thomas and Dana were different. They were still close despite the loss of their family members. Their trust never wavered in each other and they understood that the past had an expiration date. They understood that people do keep unpleasantness inside of them for a while. However, after a certain time passes, they should just throw it away because its no longer useful to the body or the soul. Like bad, out dated food- you only get sick if its inside you. Thats what they did. They both threw away the awfulness of the past that almost tore them apart. He never told her that he was a vampire hunter. He wanted to, but she lost two of her children and that had taken years off of her life. To divulge his secret life would have driven her into an early grave. He had already lost two siblings, he was not about to lose his mother-no way. Having her alive and with him was worth keeping her in the dark about his superhuman powers and how he managed to obtain the spiritual attributes that added to them.
	Shawn, Brandon and Keith remained Hunters, but were not ready to settle down and marry. They didnt feel that the city was safe enough to raise their family in. Because of the Dikane tragedy that also scarred them, they were cautious about getting too serious with anyone. They didnt want to start a family just to lose them in the manner so many other families had been lost. Shawn had a steady girlfriend as did all of them. Thomas was a bit harder to pin down. He did have girlfriends, but really never met that special someone that made his heart jump. He loved girls but when they got too close to him in their relationship, the situation between them became difficult. 
Loving or being in love with someone is wonderful. Loving and losing someone is horribly painful. He never wanted to go through the agony he and his mother had endured years earlier-the kind of agony they would always endure until the day they died.  He wanted to meet someone, get married and have a family. He just wished that the woman he married was like him-extraordinary. That way, he knew that she could more than likely take care of herself from the dark forces that came and went at intervals in the city. 
To compensate, he often visited his favorite Aunt, Lydia and her four children. She had two boys and two girls. The girls were the youngest and were more like Thomas nieces than his first cousins. They loved him as all of his family did. They were shell shocked when they discovered that he was the head of the entire Kursk Empire. He made sure he looked after of all of them. He set up trust and college funds for his youngest relatives and shared his fortune with the older ones. He didnt give them the real explanation as to why he was chosen by Jacque to run his Empire after his death. 
Thomas was a college graduate, but naturally very perceptive. From the time he was in kinder garden, he was always years ahead in his mental development. He and his mother often attended conferences with his teachers all through school because they felt he was too brilliant to share the same grade as his classmates. For years, they insisted on skipping him ahead by two or three grades. He hated the idea because he wouldnt share the same classes with his best friends. Dana allowed him to remain in his grade on the schools first attempt to move him ahead. Consequently, the teachers put so much pressure on her as he grew older that she had no choice but to allow them to utilize his gift of intelligence and move him forward at least two grades.  The school wanted four. Although he graduated high school two years ahead of his classmates, their relationship didnt suffer as he feared. Just the same, his family knew that a position such as his usually came about due to being related to the CEO or years of service to someone like Jacque. Regardless, they were very proud of him. 
He always finished at the top of his class. His mind was much like a computer. He could see and solve problems two to three steps ahead. He had a great responsibility on his shoulders and Lydia sat him down one day and talked with him about that. She made sure he understood that he was not solely responsible for his entire family. No matter how much money he possessed or gave them, they were responsible for their future. Each person in life had to carry their own weight. She warned him against those who would approach and attempt to use him simply for his wealth. She always gave sound advice and he listened. 
	He and Shawn spent as much time with Dana as she needed in order to help her unpack and move her belongings so she could get settled into her second home. She discussed the idea of Lydia and her family staying with her in the mansion, but Lydia liked where she lived.  St. Viktersburg was a huge city. She had grown up there but moved away when she attended college. She got married and wanted a family but didnt want to raise hers there. She and her husband moved one hour away to the suburbs. 
One very significant event would transpire that particular year for Thomas and Dana. The years following the death of his brother and sister, they spent Thanksgiving together with Lydia or the others came to Danas place. Just the number of immediate relatives who attended kept her home filled to the brim each holiday. Danas mother, Emma, was the only living grandparent Thomas had. She was in her seventies and in good health. She had eight grandchildren but he was her favorite, which came as no surprise to anyone. She had spent more time with him than any of her other grandchildren. He loved being around them but the holidays became hard to fully enjoy over the years. That really weighed on him because Christmas was his favorite time of year. All he had to do was to endure Grandma Emmas usual nag about finding a wife and settling down. Truth be told, he loved it when she did that. He would sit and grin from ear to ear. She started in right on cue every single year. She made his heart happy that she was with him. She made him laugh, and even if there had been other grandparents alive, it wouldnt have mattered. His heart was hers and she would be his favorite regardless. 
Just the same, he missed the time he used to spend at his own home during the holidays. Dana knew how depressed the season made him since he couldnt see the look on his sisters face when she opened her presents. Not only that, they shopped together every year. This upcoming season, his mother asked him to spend Christmas with her in her new home. She offered to go shopping with him to buy presents for all of their relatives. He gladly agreed. They felt the time had come for them to move on and continue their own tradition post David and Danielle.
	Shawn, Brandon and Keith each ran a company division owned by the Kursk name. Thomas oversaw all divisions as the CEO and owner. They appointed other qualified people to be in charge of the day to day operations on occasions so they could have the necessary energy to go out day or night and track down those who preyed on mankind. All four men were puzzled about their new menace. Thomas trained hard as usual but those closest to him noticed something that he may not have. He became so strong that even he didnt realize his own power. They would often marvel when he walked into a gym and easily power lifted two thousand pounds above his head as though he was lifting a heavy bag. 
Thomas resembled a man who was preparing for a show down of some kind. That was a little strange to his friends because his biggest battle was over. They hadnt seen Lynette or her family of vampires since their last confrontation years earlier. Nevertheless, she was also a young woman who had been alive for centuries and accumulated hundreds of known and unknown millions all over the world. She too was able to hide, change her name and do whatever she wanted to keep from being found. Who knows? Maybe he sensed that someone in another form of Lynette had returned. Regardless, until he saw her dead with his own eyes he would never really rest easy.
	Once he made sure that all of Danas security systems were in place and working, they felt she was ready to enjoy her home. She also had another security feature, a collection of guns-all kinds. She was no weakling. Her father taught her to shoot when she was fifteen. She was an excellent shot. 
Thomas purchased a few more special security features for her the previous year. They were five of the largest, nastiest Rottweilers ever seen. Dana raised them and had them trained. If anyone other than Thomas, Emma, Lydia and her children, were to ever enter past her doorway they would be eaten alive. At least he was able to sleep at night knowing she was safe. And besides, he only lived six or seven minutes away by car.  
Brandon on the other hand, stayed up late examining the dead gargoyle Thomas gunned down. He was amazed at the size of such a specimen of enormous proportion. He called Alexander and filled him in on the latest developments. Brandon was surprised by one affect. He told Alexander that he sped up his autopsy because the creature slowly turned to stone on the table. When he informed Shawn of this, he instructed Brandon to smash the corpse to pieces, which he did. 
As a precaution, Alexander ordered extra patrols on subways, busses and every other nook and crawl space he could think of. He was not about to tolerate the start of another bloody episode like the one Reece, also a Blood Cutter, performed years earlier. He lost a lot of good cops and innocent people as well during his destructive rampage downtown. His fear was understandable and well founded. Unfortunately, he was a step behind a new form of evil progress. The more darkness lingered in St. Viktersburg, the bolder sinister powers became. As always, the many forces the night created fed on mans fear of the dark. And like vampires, the newest threat took human form. 
CHAPTER THREE
	St. Viktersburgs infamous Gothic Line was a series of newer subway routes that were built long after the original system began back in late 1899. There were a total of thirteen lines. Nine of them ran north to south of the city. The remaining four lines covered the city from east to west.  The Gothic Line was the fastest subway system in the city. The older lines usually ran local and express trains on their tracks at an average speed of sixty-five to seventy-five miles per hour. Trains on the Gothic Line were more technically advanced with tracks that were made for trains that operated at speeds up to one hundred miles per hour. The D train ran from Elyria Heights all the way to the tip end of downtown, which were both located in the borough and county of St. Viktersburg. A ride from one end of the route to the other was long and stretched a total of fifty miles. The D express cut the trip time to a large degree because there were only a few stations the train stopped at. Once it reached the midway point to downtown the train rode nonstop for twenty-five minutes. 
The Hunters went on high alert with the expectation of another deadly winter. They hadnt suffered one anywhere near like the one they experienced that first year. Just when they thought life was all quiet on the home front, trouble erupted. They always expected some sort of back lash from the wicked authorities of the dark that naturally came with living in the world. They always assumed that their next battle would be with vampires. They never thought for a second that the new danger to the public would be something completely different and new. 
	For days, they gathered as much information as they could about their new nemeses. They kept an eye out for any police reports that involved cannibalistic murders. Nothing transpired until the late hours of Saturday morning at 2:00. Although the city never slept, the trains were a little less crowded during the overnight hours. 
Kathleen Sandagaul was alone when she walked down into the Elyria Heights station. She appeared to be your average sixteen year old that was doing an unusually stupid thing. She was out alone at night by herself. That was a real dumb act to do in any city-big or small. Elyria Heights was another section where many of the citys wealthiest people resided. That didnt prevent other criminal elements from venturing in, although infrequent, because of the excellent police presence. 
Like other girls in her circle, she embraced a portion of the gothic scene but also had a punk rock edge to her that made being around her fun and very interesting. She attended evening classes as a freshman at a private college nearby. Had she been in high school like many of her other friends, she still wouldve had to attend classes in the evening. The cover of darkness in September wasnt twenty-four hours. That didnt happen until later in the winter. Fortunately, she was so brilliant that she graduated high school early so she was still in her early teens. Like Thomas, she was years ahead intellectually. She had one sibling, an older brother named Brice. Her parents were a young Count and Countess who moved from Munich, Germany when she was only five years old. 
She often hung out with her friends at night, but many of them were closer to her Brice. Most were females who spent time with her just to be near him for romantic reasons. He was the usual heart throb. And why not-he possessed the same striking features and charisma as his father, who himself had fought off modeling scouts and agencies for decades. He had a face that would have made him millions in the fashion industry had he chosen to do so. Since Kathleen and Brice knew the same people, they all spent lots of time around each other. But when he disappeared after going out a few days before, her friends did the same. He sometimes left home on Fridays and wouldnt come back until the following Monday or Tuesday. Both came from a very wealthy family. They had access to as much money as they needed in order to indulge their every wish. Whenever he returned, their friends would pop up again. Still, there were a faithful few who liked the same movies and music she did. They often attended concerts held by the usual popular bands for every age and background, from P.O.D, My Chemical Romance to Staind, Lacuna Coil, Tonic and Paramore. She was also a hopeless romantic. Then again, what teenager isnt during that stage in life?
	On this particular evening, she decided to hang out by herself.  She headed toward the subway station five long blocks away. She pulled her IPod out of the pocket of her hooded jacket, placed her head phones on and adjusted them to her ears. She stopped to set her music selections in order. She enjoyed walks in the evening whenever her friends were all out shopping or involved with other activities. She strolled as throngs of people moved about her neighborhood. 
There was a huge skateboard park she often passed on the way to the trains. Some young boys skated past her on route to the skating grounds. She always stopped for a moment to check out the action, but not for the talent the boys possessed. She watched so she could check out the cutest ones. Three boys approached on their way from the park. They lived on her block. One was named Gregg. He was six feet and thin. He had blonde hair that covered his face on one side. He had on that gray, black stripped, punk rock style T-shirt with the long sleeve and black shirt underneath she always liked. He had the black sneakers with red laces too. She always liked him, but never told him. He waved at her and smiled. She blushed as his two buddies skated along and sipped their soda pop-too busy to notice that their friend had spoken to her. Most of boys and even some girls, loved to skate. Whether they were fifteen, twenty, twenty-five or thirty, skate boarding was big-even her neighborhood. 
She ventured down into the subway underground. She paid her fare and walked through the turnstile. The train waiting on her platform had just been cleaned inside and out and was spotless  from the door, windows, and handle bars to the floor. On her way downstairs to the platform she passed three hoodlums just out looking for someone to victimize. 
Kathleen was a petite girl. She only stood 5 foot 4. That night, she was dressed in a black, mock neck and her favorite unzipped hood. She wore a black cotton skirt that fell just above her knees. She also had on a black pair of pump heeled, suede, ankle high boots and black socks that stopped at her lower calves, which were very prominent. Her black eyes were deep. Her black hair was cut just below her shoulders, which was a beautiful compliment to the contrast of her creamy, white skin. 
The three thugs were almost in disbelief that such a small, young female was out alone and actually had the nerve to walk past them as though they didnt exist. There were other people who hurried about the city in route to partying or returning from such events. Maybe she felt safe because she was among other passengers. She stepped into the middle car of the twelve car train and sat down. There were a few people aboard. The three men, all in their twenties, followed her and took a seat in the same car. Half way through the trip, they began to make obscene gestures that would surely have gotten them killed had Brice been there. She was dressed too well to be a runaway; therefore, they assumed that she was a fool.
	When the train pulled into West fifty-Ninth Street and Cheltenham Park she stood up and walked to the door. When they opened, she slowly stepped out. The Conductor made the usual announcement that they would have a five to seven minute wait for connections to other trains. Usually, such a pause in service only happened during afternoon rush hours. She sauntered down the platform to the last car and stepped back inside. There were no other passengers in the car. She walked over and placed her hands on the door windows and stared out at the platform across the tracks. 
There was also other announcements from the loud speakers and noise from other trains that entered and departed. The station had twenty-five platforms on three different levels connecting twenty six other transit routes. Just before the doors closed behind her, one of the three men got in between them. They re-opened, which allowed the remaining two to enter also. The next stop was twenty-five minutes away. Kathleen turned and looked at them somewhat concerned. They stared at her body from top to bottom with a filthy grin. They were no ordinary hoodlums; they were the scum of the earth. They preyed on vulnerable females. They had eluded punishment for their latest crimes.  When they saw her they knew they had another victim cornered. The obvious leader of the three men chewed gum and spoke like an illiterate. 
Shes a nice one aint she fellas?  He gleefully stated. 
They all agreed. 
Well, we got twenty minutes before we stop again so I guess wed better make this quick and hard, he said crudely as he began to unbuckle his belt. 
His fellow rapists did the same as they slowly approached her. She was pinned in with nowhere to go. But on that night, they were the ones who were trapped. 
She lowered her head as they licked their mouths in anticipation of abusing her. They heard a loud pop from behind her that confused them for a second-like the snap of a bone being broken. Before they could comprehend what the sound was, their time on earth was finalized. Her knee bones popped out of joint. She began to grow.  Huge black wings sprouted out from behind her back. Her face transformed into a hideous shape. Long, sharp teeth protruded from her mouth and her tongue hung out over her lips. Her mouth stretched open and widened as though some torture device was placed inside to disfigure her.  Her clothes were ripped away from her body. Her ears grew long and pointy at the top. Her skin turned dark gray as she became sleek and chiseled. Her fingers and hands were large enough to palm a human head like a soft ball. Her eyes resembled a giant rat or lizard. The bones and tissue in her legs sprung up rapidly as the men looked up to her in shock. When all was said and done, they found themselves in the presence of a merciless gargoyle. She towered above them at over eight feet tall. Her strength was incredible. Her piercing growl was horrifying. They tried to run. 
No! Dont go, she said in her Gargoullian voice. 
The fact that the creature talked made their ordeal that much more chilling. They dashed to the end of the car with screams that tore their vocal chords. But there was nowhere to go-nowhere to hide. They screamed and climbed the walls like madmen-their eyes bulging from their sockets in sheer terror. They tried to force the doors open but were unsuccessful. Thats how frightened they were. The train sped along the rails at one hundred miles per hour and yet, they actually wanted to jump out. Suffice to say, their fear had driven them insane.  
	When she stomped toward them, her feet were as the sound of a giant. The shattering vibrations were unavoidable. She had a long tail, which dragged along the floor and added to her creepy stance. She grabbed one of the men and simply bit his head off then discarded it on the floor behind her.
She trapped the remaining two against the door by the throat as one of them dangled above the floor. She tore the shirt off the young man to her right. She took her sharp finger nail and carved a symbol into his chest, which burned like fire.  He screamed and winced in pain as tears squeezed from his eyes. Her blood and DNA infected his. Afterward, she flung him to the floor. He didnt realize that he was branded and cursed to walk the earth as a gargoyle until the day he died. Now, he too would be a creature of flesh and stone. 
The ring leader didnt have a chance. His entire life flashed across his mind. Perhaps, if he had chosen a different path in life he wouldnt have been in the predicament he found himself. But he didnt. He chose to be a criminal, a hardened ex-convict who himself was a monster to female victims he preyed on. He knew that no one would care what happened to him because he deserved his castigation. He and his fellow offenders picked the wrong female to attack. His pants were still unzipped.
 Always finish what you start, she huffed. 
She reached into his pants, yanked out his anatomical organs and slung them to the floor of the subway car. He screamed to the top of his lungs. His body shook violently as though he were suffering from a seizure.  His pain was so great that he began to lose consciousness, but not fast enough. She tore him apart and devoured him in chunks. She literally ate him alive. The train finally pulled into the First Avenue station downtown. The fact that other passengers didnt decide to ride in that car was pure luck, especially since there were thousands of clubs in Yorkshire and tons of action. The streets were just as busy at night as they were during the day. 
When the train halted, the doors opened. Passengers who boarded spotted what they described as a gray demon just before it leapt out the doors on the opposite side of the train. They screamed out of pure, instinctive fear. The creature glanced back at them, then jumped down onto the tracks and disappeared into the tunnel. Their eyes followed the trail of smeared blood on the floor. They starred and saw half eaten body parts and shouted out in disgust. Some of them grew sick and stepped back onto the platform only to lose their dinner. Those who hurried over to see the carnage heaved up their stomach contents as well. There were eye balls and faces half chewed. Pieces of the human body were everywhere. The young man who survived the attack was bleeding and about to go into shock due to blood loss. He passed out. His accursed symbol was invisible because of the amount of blood flowing from his wounds. He finally bled to death at the scene.
	By the time the police and paramedics arrived, the station was a mad house of activity.  Once detectives completed their investigation his body was removed and taken to the morgue. Only three people actually got a good look at the killer, but were too afraid to report what they saw. Volunteering as a witness to such events made them very hesitant. The creature had seen their face and like any civilian, they were too horrified to get that involved. For all they knew the beast stalked their neighborhood and could find them. And there was no guarantee that the detectives would believe them. 
	But, the gargoyle made one mistake. When Alexander surveyed the crime scene he ordered every window and door dusted for prints and sent to the countrys finger print data base. That could provide him with a match to known criminals who were recently released-not that he believed that an ordinary convict managed so much carnage in such a short time. After a careful investigation by the forensic examiners they found a match.
Certain officials always gave special preference to rich people, especially those who were from a family that included royalty. The Mayor, Lucas Vandwick, was a bit squeamish at times when crimes pointed in the direction of prominent citizens. Because Thomas was the wealthiest person in St. Viktersburg, he was careful never to offend him in anyway. He assumed that if he allowed the Kursk Empire to have free run of the city, he would gain support in future elections. The poor fool. Thomas was a man of principals, fairness and justice for everyone. Instead of gaining respect he inherited Thomas disdain. For all he cared, the Hunters could have been the worst criminal organization on earth. That wouldnt have made any difference to him as long as he received support. He was as spineless as the politicians further down south in New Holland. Fortunately, that the most powerful organization in the world was honest and made up of noble men who fought the same type of corruption that Mayor Vandwick turned a blind eye to. 
	Alexander didnt give a rats tail where or who the cases led to. When a case involved wealthy and so-called upstanding citizens of the community he told the Mayor to shove his advice and lack of guts up his behind. No elected official would dare remove Alexander from his post knowing his closest friends were connected to the Kursk Empire. He was a fair man and whenever officials put the justice and safety of the public in jeopardy by hiding the very people who hurt his fellow countrymen, he nailed anyone who got in his way to the wall. If they refused to take their medicine in prison like any other criminal, he wouldnt think twice about making sure they simply vanished. Public safety above all else is what he swore to secure. He knew better than anyone how vulnerable people felt-what it meant to be unprotected from the ills that existed in hidden places all over the city.
	At 5:00 the following evening, Alexander ordered a number of policemen to accompany him and Thomas to the Mansion of Count Vondell Sandagaul and his wife Eva. Because he was not an official member of the police, Thomas concluded that remaining outside would be more appropriate while Alexander spoke with the family. He didnt want them to have any ammunition to use for a complaint by failing to follow proper procedure. As far as they or anyone else knew, their daughter, Kathleen was just an innocent teenager. They couldnt rush to judgment and soil the name or reputation of a family. Authorities were in the process of analyzing video tape from the scene and that took time, especially since the lab was back logged. 
	 Alexander and his men arrived at the magnificent gate and proceeded up the walkway. The mansion was a modern and beautiful piece of engineering, yet, somehow gave them the creeps. He rang the door bell. Brice answered. Alexander identified himself and asked to speak with his parents. The young man invited them to wait inside by the front vestibule. They entered and closed the door behind them. He went to the stair case, yelled out for his mother to come downstairs. He assured them that she would be down in a moment. He offered them some refreshments, which they kindly refused. He then went into the kitchen and eventually stepped outside into the back yard out of view. They heard laughter of other young boys, which meant he had company over. Alexander stretched his neck in an attempt to get a view of Brice and his friends. They never heard or saw his mother approach. Suddenly, they heard a voice from upstairs above them. 
What can I do for you? 
The men were startled at her abrupt appearance-seemingly out of thin air. But they were awestruck struck at the same time. They didnt know what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. Minus the two inch, black heels she wore, Eva was a 5 foot 5 brunette with hair that was thin, straight and long. Her eyebrows were black and perfectly lined. She had on a sleeveless, black silk top. Her arms were perfectly shaped. They were long and slender, but strong. Her skin color was dark olive and glowed in such a way that they cried out to be touched and caressed. Alexander quickly noticed the reaction of his men and the results werent good. Some cleared their throat; others loosened their collars and ties. The effect she had on his officers at first sight was bewitching. 
Im Countess Eva Sandagaul, she announced with a thick German accent. 
My name is Alexander Schroeder. Im the Police Commissioner of St. Viktersburg. Im sorry to bother you Countess, but I need to speak with your daughter and naturally I would like to have you and your husband present. 
What is this about? She asked curiously. 
She softly walked down the flight of stairs with her hand on the rail. She moved with enough grace and sexuality to equal ten women. As she approached, the officers removed their hats before they even thought about what they did. She walked straight up to Alexander.  Before she came within ten feet of him they smelt her sweet scent. Whether she wore a perfume or body spray was unclear. But, one whiff of her sensuality made their temperatures rise twenty degrees. If there ever was a woman who oozed pure sex appeal in every sense of the word, Eva was the one. 
She shook Alexanders hand and looked into his eyes and responded sternly.
 Pleased to meet you, my daughter is upstairs doing her school work. What may I ask is this visit about?
There was an attack on the subway last night, he began. We dusted the train for prints. Unfortunately, the only prints we retrieved in the entire car were those of the victims, your daughters and an unknown third person with very, unusual finger formations. We thought that maybe your daughter saw something.
Eva didnt say a word. She stared at him and then went over to the wall by the stair case. She called for Kathleen to come downstairs. She walked back over to Alexander with her arms folded. 
Well clear this up for you right away Commissioner. 
She tapped her fingers on her forearms-those beautiful, sexy arms that the officers glared at, along with her perfect hour glass figure. Although her long, black skirt reached down to her ankles, there was a split on the side that rose all the way up to her thigh. They didnt need to see the rest of her slim, faultless legs to imagine how luscious the rest of her body was. She noticed her effect on all of St. Viktersburgs finest and smiled in a teasing fashion as she viewed the reaction of one particular officer.  He swallowed hard and looked as though he was in a trance. She knew that they all wanted her-bad. 
Perhaps your men would like something to drink. They look like they could use a glass of water. They look as you say, parched. 
Yeah they do look a little thirsty. And they all seem to be perspiring. I wonder why? He frowned slightly at them with dissatisfaction.  But I think theyll be fine until we leave. 
She confidently exhaled a short, cute grin, As you wish.
	Kathleen came downstairs to find out what her mother wanted. She gave no indication that she was remotely guilty of anything. She appeared harmless and at the same time, reminded them of the little girl named Wednesday from the Addams Family. This was a TV show that used to air in America during the mid-20th century and was broadcast in Europe as well. Kathleen was very pretty like her mother, but had a creepy oar that surrounded her. 
This is my daughter, as she placed her hands affectionately around Kathleens shoulders with a slight smile. 
My name is Commissioner Schroeder, Alexander stated. 
The Commissioner wanted to ask you about your ride on the subway last night, Eva informed. 
Sure. Go ahead and ask, Kathleen said boldly. 
Alexander was somewhat surprised at her deep stare and cold way of talking. He grinned politely and proceeded. 
We found your finger prints in a car where an attack occurred. Uhwe were thinking that since you were obviously there that maybe you saw what happened. Its quite understandable if you witnessed something, but was afraid to tell anyone out of fear for your safety. 
My daughter fears no one, Eva stringently objected. 
Her reaction instantly filled the air with tension. 
I wasnt trying to infer that she or you for that matter had anyone to fear Countess. I just wanted to assure her that if she ever needed us for protection that were here to serve both of you. He replied apologetically. 
  She immediately smoothed some of the tension away. 
And I thank you for that Commissioner. I didnt mean to sound ungrateful. 
I was in that train car-alone. But, I didnt see anything. I got off at Sheffield Avenue, Kathleen divulged. 
 I watched the news, Eva added. The attack was discovered at the First Avenue station downtown. Thats two stops after my daughter got off. Your assailant must have entered that car after she left and murdered those poor people. 
It would appear so, he agreed. 
He reached inside of his suit pocket, pulled out his business card and handed one to her. 
If you think of anything unusual that may help us please dont hesitate to call me. Im sorry I inconvenienced you but you understand we must pursue every lead. Were working in the interest of public safety. 
And I commend you Commissioner. Were fortunate to have such capable men as you and your officers protecting our city. 
Her words may have sounded somewhat sincere, but in her mind and heart she was only patronizing him. She escorted them to the entrance and bid them a good evening. She closed the door behind them, turned around and zeroed in on Kathleen. After a paused she spoke.
I regret we may have issues. 
Im so sorry mom, she said genuinely. I should have been more careful and more under control. But, the urge hits me out of nowhere sometimes. Besides, they were going to rape me, all three of them-so they thought. But I showed them.  
Eva put her hand softly under Kathleens chin. 
Thats quite alright sweetie. They were nothing, just three little rats lower than the dirt under your feet. They should have been carved up like lunch meat years ago. Dont worry; no one is going to miss a group of ex-convicts who preyed on women. Thanks to you they got exactly what they deserved. 
Eva embraced her with immeasurable pride while she caressed her head. 
Youre a good girl. Dont ever let anyone tell you different. 
I wont mom-I wont, 
She closed her eyes and smiled in the security of her mothers arms. 
CHAPTER FOUR
	A public that lives under the nagging knowledge that there is a real danger from beings such as, vampires and more, which are magnified during the dark season is a public under extraordinary stress. Often, the human mind can adjust to almost any situation in order for a person to survive and maintain normality in their everyday life. The horrific years Lynette Borlandavic, the Blood Cutters and other vampire clans put the city through made such an adjustment necessary. From the outside, one had to marvel and admire the people of St. Viktersburg. They went about their daily routines and their night life enjoyment knowing that any stranger, in any night club, walking toward them on any street, or on any subway, could be a night dweller-a re-animated source of evil that devoured life. Thanks to the Hunters, most of that anxiety ended so the night would never, ever be equal to England living under the German Blitz of World War Two or other stressful events in history. How could anyone survive under such a tormented and constant threat before the emergence of the Hunters? One must always keep in mind that the world no longer existed as it did in 1940, 1960 or even 1990. Goth ruled the entire globe now. When the year 2000 ushered in the start of the 21st century, a phenomenon transformed the world. With it, came a new atmospheric existence-a kind of surreal, yet very authentic everyday life. With this, came all the spiritual complexities that formed the way the new world looked and operated-both good and bad. Things that once seemed impossible and taken for fun in movies or comic books came into reality during the new atmosphere of the gothic world. Now, in 2005, one of those realities again reared its ugly head in a city where six months out of the year, people maneuvered through their metropolis with the carefulness of a soldier walking through a mine field. For a time, they exhaled in relief. Regrettably, the Hunters were on the verge of a new and explosive hazard that had been right under their noses for years-unseen and unheard-until now. Alexander confided in the others that there was something strange about the Sandagaul family. He just couldnt put his finger on what that was. He didnt have an ounce of proof that connected them to the recent mutilations of apparently three people, which was confirmed by the three different pairs of shoes at the scene. Not all the surveillance tapes were viewed to completion, and those that were, had yet to yield any helpful clues. Regardless, he decided to have the family put under surveillance for a few days just to see what happened. If they didnt arouse his suspicion he would simply halt the tactic. In the mean time, he had them investigated from top to bottom, which was nearly impossible because of their thick insulation by friends and other forces that cramped his attempt to penetrate their personal life. He never had any reason to think they were anything other than normal, wealthy millionaires. 
Alexander was always careful not to jump to conclusions about anyone. One lesson he learned from living in St. Viktersburg, was that circumstances were not always what they appeared to be. Like the more powerful and younger members, he too could sense the presence of vampires. He was certain that the Sandagauls were not. The officers who served under him wouldnt have been able to tell. They were too busy sweating sex through their glands. He was amazed at the affect Eva had on them. Her sex appeal was natural and open. She didnt overly flaunt hers, but she didnt hide it either. She was a strong woman and fearless. He realized that the first time she spoke. He admitted that she was quite a woman. 
Not many like her around, as he put it.
	While he waited for the departmental specialist to run their course in the investigation, Thomas was still searching for additional information on gargoyles. He, Shawn and Keith paid a visit to a former vampire hangout club called The Witchs Brew. The place used to be a location where real vampires assimilated themselves into crowds of people who simply belonged to vampire clubs. 
The Wicca witches bought the structure and made a big success out of the hangout spot before Thomas became a Hunter. He slew vampires who hung out there just to pick up victims. Keith always suspected that the Wiccans were aiding the Borlandavic covenant in exchange for protection from the Blood Cutters. Lynette attended the club on occasion and kept the other undead bullies from harassing them. After she broke the back of the infamous vampire gang and their strangle hold on the area, the Wiccans were forever indebted to her. 
One of the members of the Wiccans Council was Angela Newton. She was just an under link during that time and insisted that she never helped vampires prey on anyone. She also knew they had no proof that she had done any such act. Keith believed she harbored vampires because of how chummy she and her witches were with them. She claimed they were friendly with all who attended her club. Furthermore, she insisted she did so because she was unable to discern real vampires from those who were just members of vampire societies. After all, there were hundreds of these types of vampire clubs. Their membership totaled half a million city wide. Keith never bought Angelas explanations. True or not, he just didnt like her.
She was sneaky. She also had powers. She didnt hesitate to play games on people, but was careful how she toyed with him-doing so could get her neck broken. Still, she tried her best to keep all of them on their toes with her little tricks. 
	The men walked into the clubs lobby. There was a counter and coat check area before patrons entered through the doors of the main building. Angela was behind the counter. She called the shots at the establishment.  The others lagged behind as Keith approached her. 
Before he reached her, someone called out to him from behind. 
How are you Keith? Long time no see. 
They all turned and saw Angela smiling sarcastically at them. Keith turned back to the counter and saw no one. How could that be? Upon entering, he looked straight at her unobstructed so she couldnt have gotten behind him. He ignored her image behind him and continued toward the counter. He stopped as her voice behind him repeatedly insisted that she was in back of him and that he was going the wrong way. Once he reached the counter, he stretched out his hand and grabbed at what seemed to be the air. Incredibly, his hand was actually wrapped around someone invisible. 
How am I? Hmmlets see. Im a lot better than you right now unless you want your neck broken. 
Suddenly, Angela appeared in front of him with her neck in his hand. The image that spoke to him from behind was just an illusion she conjured up. She was just testing to see if he still had the stuff. She quickly saw that he did. He didnt waste any time. He demanded to know if any of her vampire friends from the past ever talked to her about gargoyles. He warned her before she spoke that every word out of her mouth had better be the truth. The public was in danger and he was in no mood for mucking about. 
 One vampire did confide in her once. He was from Lynettes family and besides that; Angela had the hots for him. He swore with certainty; gargoyles would never set foot back in Germany. They almost became extinct after warring with everyone from witches, werewolves to vampires. Lita Reznik, the greatest of them all, led a battle against all rival factions of the dark side-including gargoyles. Her army destroyed nearly every single one except two-a male and a female. It was unclear whether they were mates. What was clear is that they both fled Germany with her hot on their trail. As a result, they never returned. 
Werewolves, witches, warlocks, ghouls and gargoyles gained an upper hand on occasion for a short time. They could raise hell and make their wars between each other competitive. But, in the long run, when all was said and done, the vampires are, and always will be at the top of the food chain. They proved time and time again since their creation and evolution that they are the undisputed masters of evil.
	Angela only relayed what the vampires conveyed to her. Deep down Keith almost wished she had lied. That way, he wouldve had an excuse to skin her flesh from her body while she breathed. He hated the Wiccans. 
	So now they had a definitive source and confirmation that one or more gargoyle escaped Germany. When vampires moved across the Mediterranean and the English Channel to reach St. Viktersburg they must have moved along with them in human form in order to avoid detection. When the undead began to populate and later kill to survive, one or both gargoyles went on a feeding frenzy without any compunction whatsoever because the world laid all the blame at the foot of their adversary. Keith pointed out that years had passed, which meant there had to be more than just a few of them. Shawn also reminded them that reproduction for them was easy. All they needed to do was mingle their DNA with the blood of their victims by way of a bite, cut or a simple scratch. Afterward, those who were infected were doomed to become a night creature. The symbol was just a way for each gargoyle to be identified by their maker. This type or branding made them subservient to the one who cursed them.
Interestingly enough, gargoyles were sometimes very unpredictable. Those who returned as the living dead always respected and often feared the one who created them. The spirit that inhabited the body was usually very loyal. Turning someone into a gargoyle was a bit more risky. Their DNA was different. The souls and spirits within them were basically deviants. Unless they were turned into one by a very powerful gargoyle that inspired unchallenged terror, they wouldnt hesitate to attack the very one who made them. Loyalty was not always recognized. This was a major reason why they lost their war with vampires in Germany. They turned on each other. They bickered, pointed fingers at those who led and died for them. Once they became disorganized and weak, their destruction was sealed. 
What the people didnt know was that the head gargoyle, whoever he or she was, was nothing like the old ones in Germany who failed to maintain control over their species. Whoever the new ruler was they maintained order with an iron fist. Those who stepped out of line were quickly and easily disposed of. There were others out there for sure. The problem was, no one had a clue as to how many there were or where they hid when daylight struck, which wasnt for long. The more the season progressed the less they had to fear. They could remain in human form for almost twenty-four hours a day and change at will to eat when they hungered for human flesh.
Keith often wondered if their region wasnt cursed from the beginning of time. The thought sometimes ran through his mind because any and every weird encounter seemed to flock to their part of the globe. The Hunters remained on high alert and unlike years past, there were over twelve thousand in St. Viktersburg alone.
At 10:00pm the next evening, events took an interesting turn. The Sandagaul estate was still under surveillance. Two pairs of police officers sat at opposite ends of the street. At first, not much happened. However, the mystery that surrounded the family would soon surface and fill in missing pieces about Kathleens statements. Detectives found a discrepancy in her story. The subway camera revealed that she entered the train on the night in question, but didnt show her exiting at any time.
What chilled them was what they saw when the train arrived at one station before continuing downtown. A camera across the platform on the north bound side captured a claw like hand prying the doors apart. Because of the angle, not much more than that was captured. Again, Kathleen was never seen leaving the train at anytime-so where did she go? How did she get off without being seen? With all the surveillance footage around the station, was it possible? According to Alexander, she was inside that car-there was no doubt. That meant she would have also been eaten alive-why wasnt she? True-she could have left the car before the attack took place. However, they didnt find one finger print on the doors that lead to the next car. They also didnt have any visual proof of her actually committing any crimes. The only explanation left to entertain was that she was possibly the killer.
Just the same, he had a reason to pursue the case because her statement contradicted what surveillance tapes showed-or in her case, didnt show. He was going to get to the bottom of the case no matter what he had to do. He contacted the state attorneys office and started the wheels rolling so he could obtain a warrant to search the Sandagaul property inside and out. He hoped to find evidence that connected her to the crime. As police officers kept an eye on their target, a separate event took shape in another part of the city down at the docks.
Brice exited his home unaware that he was being watched. He took the subway headed downtown. The officers reported his movements to the transit police who converged on the Gothic Line. Alexander assigned John Fields and Nicholas Allen, two plain clothes officers, to follow him from Elyria Heights to wherever he went. Brice then hoped on the number 6 shuttle to the ferry that sailed back and forth between downtown Yorkshire and Sunderland Borough. There were countless of tunnels and bridges but the ferry, which ran twenty-four hours a day, was also part of St. Viktersburgs mass transit system. He waited until the boat came into port, which was at 11:30pm.
The Sunderland Ferry was not as crowded at night during non-rush hours, nevertheless, there was always a healthy evening ridership scattered about the two leveled vessel, which was long and wide. He stepped on board and slowly paced around as Fields and Allen trailed him separately from a distance. After fifteen minutes, the ferry slowly pulled away from the dock and the county and of St. Viktersburg. Brice leaned over the rail and stared out at the skylines of both the city and the borough of Sunderland just across the harbor. Once on board, Fields and Allen were relieved. He was on a moving object and couldnt just get up and walk out. This made them complacent.
The ferry traveled ten miles up Lyme Bay, past the tip of Sunderland and into the borough of New Castle, another one of the seven boroughs that made up St. Viktersburg. All the officers had to do was watch him. As long as he didnt bother anyone they had absolutely no reason to approach or harass him.  Besides, there was nothing unusual about what he did. Millions of people rode the ferries every year just to relax or to enjoy a romantic date. The vessels had restaurants, video arcades, betting lounges with television, satellite radio, barber shops, hair and nail salons, newsstands and much more. All twelve ferry boats were like a city on water. The two men tailing him hoped that a ride was all Brice wanted. But he was a teenager and they did wonder why he wasnt out hanging with his school friends. Despite Alexanders instructions about being careful, they sat back, relaxed and enjoyed the view. This was their gravest mistake. 
Brice walked to the rest room and entered. Fields waited outside near the door while Allen positioned himself at the end of the corridor. After about fifteen minutes, Fields entered to see what in the world was taking the kid so long. He checked all the stalls. They were empty. Allen decided to enter as well. They both were dumb founded. All that was present was the equipment and four stone walls covered with elegant designer tile and pictures. They didnt understand and were completely baffled as to where he could have gone. The air vents werent large enough for a dog to go through-let alone a human being. They exited the bathroom extremely alarmed. There was no way they were going to call and tell their superiors that they lost a suspect when he simply went to the rest room. They needed to find him first. They searched the main deck. Allen headed up stairs to search the second level while Fields explored the lower deck. 
Suddenly, a muffled scream cut through the windy air. Allen ran to investigate as he radioed Fields downstairs. His run became a slow walk as he saw a bloodied shoe. He drew his gun. The boat curved around at the end to the other side. As he came around he saw a large pair of wings. A huge and scary figure had its back to him. The head was down. It was eating something because he heard its teeth crunching up and down as pieces of whatever he ate dropped to the floor. And thats when it turned and glared at him with its big, black alligator like eyes-a hideous gargoyle. The monster was impressive at just over eight and a half feet tall and fifteen hundred pounds or more.  The wings were sharp at the top and bottom-like some kind of prehistoric bat. In its hand were a human foot and leg. On the floor were the clothes of the person the creature had nearly devoured and the dead remains of an old man. Officer Allen immediately opened fire. 
Unbeknownst to them, the monster was Brice. He blew out a chilling scream that caused Allens spine to tremble and weaken with sheer horror just before the bullets struck him. He swung his tail and knocked a set of chairs and tables across the deck-knocking Allen to the floor. Fields heard the gunfire and rushed to his aid. By the time he reached the second level, Brice was standing over his partner. He rammed his mighty tail into Allens abdomen. He screamed in agony as his body contents spurted out. The thing that nightmares are made of picked up the impaled officer. Fields fired his gun repeatedly at the beast, but had to be careful because he quickly used Allen as a shield. Brice flung his tail and off flew Allen over the railing and into the river below.  
Brice howled and flapped his wings with incredible force. The winds he generated gave Fields the impression that he was in a hurricane.  Chairs, tables, silverware, glasses-any object that wasnt nailed down was hurled at him with deadly force. He dove to the floor for protection. Brice quickly grabbed the old dead man by the leg and hopped up onto the boats railing. He then flew off into the night as Fields radioed dispatch. Allen was no doubt, dead by then. Fields raced to the Captains room, indentified himself and had the crew stop the ferry in hopes of locating Allen.
Police scanners buzzed with reports of the activity around Lyme Bay. Alexander wanted to re-visit the Sandagauls-this time with a search warrant. However, he was more concerned about his officers. Dragging the river at night for a body is always difficult so every law agency available sprung into action and gave their assistance. Both Alexander and Mayor Vanwick rushed to the scene. They saw the carnage on boat and like everyone else; waited as scuba teams searched the waters. 
He-along with everyone else, stood with a look of dread on their faces. The report of the incident quickly hit the news outlets. Reporters converged down by the pier. There were so many lights and cameras set up and waiting for the authorities to return to shore that the night almost seemed like day time. Forty-five minutes after they arrived, the body of Officer Allen was recovered. Alexander was absolutely incensed over what he felt was a senseless act of murder. Unlike Thomas, he had to worry about men who were fellow Hunters and also his own men who like him, were lawmen who just did their job to protect society from the criminal element. Realistically speaking, to expect anyone other than a Hunter to be able to match wits and power with super natural forces simply proved that the police were way out of their league. 
Officer Fields was the only witness to the incident and he was too afraid to report the details to his superiors. Alexander knew that vampires had made the public believers of entities who took human form. But to them, that was as far as their belief went. They figured that since the blood thirsty creatures were the most dangerous of all the evils that no one else would dare step on their territory. They assumed as long as they wore their religious symbols and stayed clear of all the night creatures, they would pretty much have their safety covered during the treacherous season of the unmerciful darkness. 
Passengers were sectioned off and questioned on the lower deck.  Alexander talked with Fields personally after one of his immediate superiors only got bits and pieces out of him. He admitted that he and Allen didnt radio in about Brice because they were too embarrassed to admit they had lost track of him. When he explained how the teen disappeared and soon afterward, a greenish colored figure appeared, Alexander put two and two together. He immediately ordered a helicopter to head in the same direction the gargoyle fled to, which was north. That was also the way back to Elyria Heights.
The police later identified the two victims. They were an old married couple. The wifes pocket book was on the floor of the upper deck. She was identified as Denise Hitchens. She was seventy-five years old and the wife of Demetrius Hitchens-also seventy five. Pieces of her fingers were found nearby and matched their on sight database. Sadly, the two were just out celebrating their wedding anniversary. He had proposed to her when they were just fifteen on that very same boat-Sunderland Ferry Number 5. They always went for a romantic ride and then dined out to mark their special union. They never missed their annual ferry ride in their sixty years together. How awful fate was to them that Brice was on that same vessel and ended their existence. They died as they had lived-together. 
Gargoyles didnt mess around. Being creatures that had to hunt and survive on human flesh and blood meant they had to kill quickly and efficiently. They had to move fast and eat even faster. What they couldnt consume, they carried away and hid in order to finish later when they were out of danger-like leopards who take their kill up into trees to prevent other animals from stealing it. Alexander told Fields that he understood his actions based on what he saw. Regardless of how scared he was, he still came to his partners aid. He also told him point blank that what he witnessed was real-not his imagination and that gargoyles lived on the flesh and blood of humans. There was a new threat among them, only this time, their exact habits were unknown and they didnt relish the spotlight. They preferred to remain in the background. Depending on how deep into the winter the region was meant they only had to spend one hour or even less as statues of death. 
There was blood all over the deck and wherever the body of Demetrius Hitchens was, that was where the fiends presence could be found. Alexander hurried back to land and headed for the Sandagaul estate. He also notified the others within the organization and the only policemen he used as back up were associate members. He was not about to risk anymore lives of ordinary lawmen. To put them in that situation would have been careless and irresponsible. He reminded pilots and armed swat teams on board for the hunt to be careful if they spotted the creature. He ordered them to shoot to kill but to also keep their distance. He didnt want a repeat of what happened when Reece, the infamous Blood Cutter, forced a helicopter down, which crashed in the center of mid town and killed the men inside and a number of innocent onlookers. 
As he raced up to his destination, the Hunters rushed to meet him there. The first helicopter arrived and hovered over the Estate. The crew aboard used info red lenses to zoom in on the property but didnt see anyone. However, they did see blood droplets and drag spots on one of the side walkways near the back of the home. They werent allowed to enter onto the property for any reason until Alexander arrived. He had the warrant and until he was present, trespassing onto their land would be illegal and jeopardize their investigation. No sirens were used upon arrival because he didnt want to panic the other residents in the surrounding area.
Well over an hour passed from the time they left the murder scene to the time the police and the Hunters met up in Elyria Heights. When the Hunters arrived they waited in their cars. Alexanders helicopter landed in a nearby park. Afterward, he was driven by an escort, which took another few minutes. 
Thomas noticed Shawn was especially agitated-maybe because he always carried a childhood fear of creatures like gargoyles. They gave him the creeps. He used to hate walking past churches that had their images mounted on them. St. Viktersburg and New Holland had countless of gothic churches and other landmark structures with their images carved on them. They gave him nightmares and he believed people when they teased and told him that they really existed and that they were coming to get him if he misbehaved. Thomas knew everyone had a fear of something. This was how Shawn exercised his in an attempt to get over it, just as he himself had a fear of the dark that was thrust upon him by vampires years earlier. 
Alexander and his men passed through the gated entrance and investigated the blood on the walkway. The stains didnt lead up to door. The trail simply vanished as though the person who bled just up and flew off. Suddenly, a blood droplet fell from the tip of the roof over head and onto Shawns shoulder. He examined it-the blood was human. Alexander had his men surround the property. One positive feature about the Sandagaul home was that there were acres of land and their front door was located over one hundred feet from the street. 
Although Thomas was Alexanders superior spiritually, physically and mentally, he was mature enough to understand that his authority extended over the Hunters-not the police. He was respectful enough to recognize that Alexander was an official officer of the law, and therefore, allowed him to do his job without interference. Although he could have done so, he didnt pull rank to impede or further an official investigation. Alexander was extremely impressed by Thomas humbleness and secure nature. Maybe he expected Thomas to hijack the case but that never happened. He didnt make one move without Alexanders advice because for all his power, he understood that he didnt know everything, nor did he have to. And on top of that, he was not a Detective. What endeared Alexander to him was that he never pretended to know more than he actually did. This gave him an even greater respect and admiration for Thomas. If there were any doubts about whether Jacque had made the right choice to appoint him as Chief Officer, they were completely erased. Thomas possessed awesome power but also knew when and when not to use it. Sometimes, that is the mark of a truly great leader. 
Alexander rang the front door bell. Before anyone answered, he looked at Thomas and Shawn and noted, If we discover something really, really horrible in there, you do whatever you think is necessary. I dont plan on putting hand cuffs on a monster.  
You got it, Thomas replied. 
You know, youre the Lord and master of this organization. You didnt have to wait for me to get here with the warrant, Alexander confessed. 
Yes I did, Thomas countered. 
Just out of curiosity, why did you? 
Because youre the Commissioner-thats why,
Alexander grinned and shook his head with unmeasured approbation. 
This time they were surprised when Vondell Sandagaul answered the door and greeted them. They were taken aback. They expected him to be some old, bald-dumpy looking guy. Sometimes, attractive women blinded by love, financial security, or some other mysterious reason, marry men who are for use of a nicer term, much less than a match for their looks. But not him, he was completely the opposite. At six feet, he appeared to be as young as his son. At first, they all thought that Brice had a brother that Eva neglected to inform them of on their first visit. He possessed hair that stylishly fell past his shoulders in a pony tail. His physique was perfectly sculptured. He looked more like a high school or college football jock than a Count. Alexander identified himself and showed him the search warrant. He also introduced Thomas and the others with him as witnesses in his case and were there for identification purposes. This was true because Thomas was the first one who actually came in contact with the creatures. 
The Count looked a bit flustered, as though he had been interrupted in the act of doing something he didnt want anyone to know about. He demanded to know what they were searching for and why. Despite the warrant, he was very uncooperative and resented the intrusion. He threatened to call the mayor and complain. The men entered the house and slowly searched each space carefully in each room on the main floor first. They were there to kill a creature but they first had to find one. 
Alexander had blood samples of Demetrius and Denise Hitchens. He was looking to compare theirs to any blood they found on the premises. The specimen found outside couldnt be used. Dirt and other foreign matter came in contact with it due to the windy conditions and therefore; were contaminated. They had to find matching blood inside the house. Shawn noticed that the longer the search progressed, the more uncomfortable the Count became. He told Vondell that he was welcome to finish his dinner. He refused and insisted that he would continue his meal when their search was complete. 
Alexander enquired as to where his family was. Vondell said they were out. He argued that they were there to search his home and property and that their warrant said nothing about giving answers to the whereabouts of his family. He firmly stated that their activities were nobodys business as no laws were broken. Policemen searched vigorously and found no evidence in the beginning. They still had a couple of rooms downstairs to check, one being the private dining room.
Vondell sat down in one of his expensive chairs. Others noticed that his forehead was damp-a sure sign that they were close to discovering what he was so nervous about. While the search continued, Alexander revealed that Kathleen had lied about the night she rode the D Train downtown. She was caught on tape entering the train but there was no video footage of her leaving as she claimed. He wanted to know how she got off without being seen or torn to pieces like the others. He was careful not to accuse her because there was no visual evidence against her. But, she was wanted for questioning and there was no way around that. He stressed that if they didnt cooperate she would be considered a suspect until he could put all of the pieces of that murderous night together. Vondell remained silent, but when his daughter was spoken of in such a manner his calm demeanor became controllably threatening.
Who do you think you are coming in here threatening the freedom of my daughter? Do you really think that you can bully my family or force us to bend to your every little whim? You make one move to embroil her into your suspicious fantasies and youll wish you never heard of the Sandagauls. 
I already wish I didnt, Alexander shot back. Now, where is your daughter Count? Id rather she came along with us accompanied by you and your wife rather than frighten her with a bunch of policemen knocking on her bedroom door. 
Vondell let out a short laugh and then snapped, Nothing frightens my daughter Commissioner. 
Thats the second time Ive heard that, Alexander charged, first from your wife and now from you. What exactly is that supposed to mean? 
Shawns cell phone vibrated in his coat pocket. He checked his message. 
Shes not here, he interjected.
Alexander and the others looked at him, then back at the Count. 
Is this true? Alexander demanded. 
He didnt answer but Shawn came prepared for that. He knew he wouldnt allow his daughter to remain in St. Viktersburg if the authorities closed in on her, especially if she was the prime suspect in a triple homicide. Parents send their children away or hide them in order to protect them-thats human nature. Based on a different description in size and color provided by Detective Allen, they deduced that the monster that killed the Hitchens was not the same one that killed the three ex-cons on the subway. That meant that since she wasnt in the city, whatever family member remained behind was also suspected of being a gargoyle. Shawn accessed their world-wide connections and discovered much of what he needed to know about the Sandagaul family early in the investigation.
The men were all lined up in front of Vondell. Shawn stepped forward and gave him an arrogant smile. 
Thats ok Count, we may not know a whole lot about you, but we know enough. We know about your money, your power, where you were born-even where you grew up. We also know about some of your properties. Of course we dont know about all of them-not yet anyway. We dont have time to waste so Im just gonna spit it out. We suspect that maybe you or your family are fiends. And if Im right, theres one place you would never set foot back in if you had to leave here, and thats Germany. Thats where youre from. Thats also a place where vampires still roam from time to time. You left because they were searching for you. They were going to wipe everyone like you off the map, isnt that right? 
Shawn paused, glanced at his friends and enlightened them. 
You see, most vampires have a sixth sense when gargoyles are nearby. They can detect them as easy as a cat can detect a rat without seeing it. And just like those useless, disgusting little rodents, vampires step on them like the garbage they are. 
Vondells anger began to boil over inside of him as he struggled to keep his cool under such insults. 
You cant really afford to walk around in Berlin or Munich in a shopping center at night and take the chance that the person standing next to you will get a whiff of the hideous, cursed oar you carry. That would mean sure death for you and your family. 
He stared Vondell in the eye and laid it out to him for all to hear. 
That message that was sent to me just now was from a friend of mine. His wife and daughter were just seen on surveillance tape entering New Holland just a couple of hours ago. They just happen to have a mansion and countless of other undisclosed property there. They can be anywhere hiding out. My guess is that you had no idea vampires were here when you rolled into the country years ago. So instead of moving again, you figured your family would be safer staying put. Because this city is so large, running into them would be less likely. If you moved again, you might have ended up in a place where there were thousands upon thousands of them and no one to kill them off for you. You couldnt take that chance. You sat back and kept a very low profile. You watched us kill off most of the vampire population for you. This made the city safer for not just us, but for you as well. 
Problem is-theres not that many clans left, Brandon interjected, and the few that are still hanging around are either hiding or have already scattered for their lives. You dont have anyone to hide your murders behind so now you stick out like a sore thumb.
I suggest you tell us exactly where they are Mr. Sandagaul. If they come with us on their own we can get to the bottom of this mess, Alexander promised. 
At that moment, a reaction of disgust came from inside Vondells dining room. He was unaware that the police had entered by the rear door because the front entrance was locked. An officer quickly exited. He calmly walked over to Alexander and whispered in his ear. He in turn whispered to Shawn and the others. That worried Vondell because he couldnt hear them. Thomas and Shawn went into the dining room followed by Alexander. 
He jumped up from his chair and yelled, You have no business in there!
Sit down and shut up! Alexander warned. 
 What they saw defied reasoning. The count was dining alright, but he wasnt eating chicken or beef. On the table was a beautiful, silver gigantic serving tray. In it was a human head-cooked and half eaten. They later confirmed that the victim was Demetrius Hitchens. His fingers were placed around the tray like a side order of French fries. The poor man was being devoured from the feet up. There was nothing else left of him other than what they stumbled upon. Shawn and Thomas were so angry that they forgot where they were and couldnt have cared less. And now Vondells family was in New Holland ready to unleash the same type of abominable behavior on the population. 
No wonder vampires considered gargoyles even lower than werewolves, Shawn thought to himself. 
They stepped back out into the foyer to speak with Vondell. But this time as Hunters, not guests or witnesses for the police. 
Shawn grabbed him by his throat and slammed his head over the back top of his chair. What did you do to that old man?! 
His grip was so strong that he grabbed Shawns arm with both hands in attempt to break free but could barely breathe in order to answer. Vondell was no match for his strength. The others looked on as Shawn conducted court-so to speak. Suddenly, he called Brandon who came and stood beside him. His eyes almost seemed to pop out of their sockets from the powerful one-handed grip he was in. 
Look, in his mouth, pieces of human flesh between his teeth, Shawn noticed. 
Brandon took a pair of tweezers from a forensic case one of the officers brought with him. He pulled some raw and cooked flesh from his mouth. He examined the substance and proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that Vondell had indeed dined on his victim. 
Look at his back teeth, Brandon pointed out. 
The front teeth are short, like ours but the back teeth are like a sharks. Hes not a gargoyle, hes a ghoul. 
Ghouls could re-shape their front teeth at will in order to deceive people into thinking they were everyday, ordinary human beings. Unfortunately, they couldnt manipulate their back teeth as much. Their jaw bones operated with a rear hinge like snakes, and their internal mouth skin was made to specifically conceal and accompany their dental alignment. This was the way to positively identify a ghoul. When time came for them to eat, their front and side teeth grew long, thin and razor sharp.
	What possessed Eva to marry the lowest form of cannibals was beyond their comprehension. 
Shawn let go of Vondells throat and asked one last time, Where is your family hiding? 
There is nothing in this world you can do that will force me to betray the whereabouts of my wife and daughter, Vondell answered defiantly. 
Brandon and the others moved away because they knew what was coming next. Shawn unhooked his leg holster strap and out came his short, double barreled shot gun. Vondell glared at him with bloodshot eyes and a threatening smile. 
Careful my friend, or someday you might end up on my dinner table. 
Maybe you havent been told yet, Shawn snarled, but here in St. Vikmurderers dont get a last meal. 
He raised his gun with his right hand and fired one deafening blast that obliterated Vondells head. Flesh and bones splattered all over the room-including the spillage that flew on to Shawns long, black Duster. 
Alexander obtained jurisdiction subpoenas to bring Eva, Brice and Kathleen in for questioning. Eva and Kathleen sought refuge on the west side of the city, which happened to be the territory that Visigoths still inhabited to a very limited degree. Although a shadow of their former glory, they still attempted to put up a fight now and then. But, their days were numbered. 
New Holland was four hours away by car and three hours away by train. Alexander flexed his muscular clout and had all airplanes from the city grounded until they knew for sure that the gargoyles were exterminated. The last problem they needed was for one of them to bring down a plane loaded with passengers. Dead flesh served them no purpose whatsoever. Brice dropped out of sight. On the night in question, he obviously went out to feed and then brought Mr. Hitchens home for his father to have. The federal government issued a statement, which said a flight risk was eminent and wouldnt fly anymore planes from St. Viktersburg until the threat was halted. 
They put out a locate and apprehend order on Brice. They circulated his picture all over the media in connection with the deaths of Mr. and Mrs. Hitchens. In the mean time, One hundred Hunters, accompanied by the authority of Alexander, went home, packed and boarded a train a day later headed for the city of New Holland. 
CHAPTER FIVE
	New Holland and the serene people who lived there had almost become a world completely unto themselves. Hostilities between the two major factions of Goths were still present. The effects that late Prime Minister, Brent Olenhoff and Dwayne Valdis had on the city rippled all over Europe and reached across the Atlantic into America and Canada.  Visigothic domination under Dwayne may not have succeeded, but generally speaking, his dream of gothic, global domination came true. The dream just evolved in a different way under different people. The social, religious, political and financial structure he and his henchmen erected was broken down, torn apart and re-assembled. Subsequently, the fabric of the entire continent was reconstructed in the image of the Ostrogoths, accompanied and aided by smaller factions who now ruled over two-thirds of all Europe with absolute power. 
They took over as the majority in the country and the entire United Kingdom. One hundred million people occupied England alone. Sixty million were Goths, twenty million were English, and ten million were Scottish. The remaining ten million made up the rest of the different nationalities who lived there. Olenhoff and Dwayne were long dead and buried, but the strong-hold they created was still evident. Anyone with eyes could easily see that one dominant, gothic presence simply replaced another. 
The political, power vacuum that was left by Dwaynes faction was filled by the Ostrogoths who quickly empowered their people as they were appointed to high level municipal posts by the ever fearful Prime Minister, Romanski. They also took up positions in the House of Representatives, better known as the House of Commons. Of the six hundred Representatives, the Goths carried a majority of five hundred and eighty Senators-leaving other political factions non-existent and powerless.  
Alexis made sure that the unjust, illegal and corrupt persecutions her people lived under by the past Administrations would never, ever take place again. To insure that, she and her Empire went on a political and judicial offensive that swept across the entire continent. Her purpose was to insure that no one from any race, background or belief, suffered under the heel of any type of Totalitarianism or Communism no matter what sly name they covered themselves up as. She didnt want what happened to her people to happen to anyone else. As a result, she and all of her subjects were distrustful of everyone. After all, they were pushed to the edge of a full scale war with the federal government. Communism was completely outlawed by the new Nokovic led Empire and carried severe punishments for anyone who violated the laws in an attempt to reform such a detestable ideology. There were no Parties, no groups-none that had the guts to come out in the open anyway. Alexis knew that in order to protect individual freedom, the abolishment of any ideology that was contrary to that was just and necessary. There was no other way. 
	To make certain that type of threat would never catch them off guard again, or give any ideas to the military; they strengthened their ties with the other gothic factions they ruled in Germany, Poland, Budapest, Hungary and many other countries. The citizens in these locations had dealt with the same type of underclass warfare that was used to nearly wipe them out as well. One needs to understand that Dwayne erected the notion of Gothism-a one system belief that everyone had to adhere to with him as the ruler of every single gothic and non-gothic person on the globe. That was his dream and he nearly succeeded with political help from the powerful Gothic Party. All those who opposed him would have been exterminated as he often stated. 
When the Nokovic Empire rose up to strike back against the Visigoths and all their supporters, other sects all over the world stood up and took notice. They witnessed and learned quickly through news footage and other forms of media that the Ostrogoths were the savior of mankind in Europe. By their actions, they preserved a continent and avoided a Communistic purge like unto Joseph Stalin or an extermination program that rivaled Adolf Hitlers. People all over Europe owed the Ostrogoths big time and as result, they voluntarily pledged their eternal loyalty to Alexis as their Queen and protector. Aside from their gratitude, they did so because she had the muscle to defy anyone, or any nation. That meant no one would dare mess with those groups under her umbrella. 
Unlike the Ostrogoths, their comrades around the world were not immortal, although they were full-blooded Goths nonetheless. The Ostrogoths and the Visigoths made up ninety-eight percent of all the everlasters, as they were sometimes called. 
	To show her appreciation for the support she received from so many nations, she didnt require any of her new subjects to be re-titled as Ostrogoths.  They remained as they were as long as their way of life didnt resemble the decedent way the Valdis sect carried themselves. That would not be tolerated. If they wanted her protection, they at least had to adhere to her civil laws and rulings for the benefit of all the gothic nations. Those who didnt were simply released to be on their own. The stance she took was necessary. There were different factions from many different places, which forced her to put some protection behind her reputation. She wanted to make certain that the damaging actions of other groups were not unfairly laid at her familys doorstep. 
 The enormous, worldwide numbers of the Nokovic Empire assured them that if attacked from within, they would have allies all over Europe who would come to their aid and make war with their enemies. 
	Thomas re-called that the last time he was in New Holland, crime was a major issue. Not so much anymore. The Goths reigned over the countrys judicial system. They did away with weak and spineless judges who were nothing more than masochists and Sadists. They were forced to step down or join their colleagues in the afterlife. Instead, they were replaced by judges of Teutonic descent. 
Their ancient ways of capital punishment were declared in the legislative sessions, approved by the Senate and signed into federal law by Prime Minister Romanski. They were applied thoroughly by prosecutors who were appointed by municipal officials who were proud to be a part of the new fair and balanced gothic way of life. English judges had taken their turn to dispense justice and had done so with the guts of a jellyfish. They were all replaced. Most of them found themselves on trial for corruption. Many were hung, beheaded and electrocuted in cases where their assistance to the Valdis family caused death and other unforgivable crimes such as, human slavery and endangering the welfare of minors as they turned a blind eye to the prostitution rings, which provided services to judges, attorneys and other corrupt officials. 
The barbarians who preyed on modern day society were met with the ancient and barbarian punishments of the new rulers of the globe. Criminals who committed heinous acts were given swift, sharp and brutal executions. There was no appeal and no parole system for violent offenders. Those loop holes were abolished. The English had failed in their half-hearted attempts to protect New Hollanders from the worst of society. Now, the Goths were in charge and showed them how matters of such should be dealt with. 
	Murder dropped over eighty percent after the Ostrogothic influence rode into power. Although Romanski was part of the system that saw his boss get out of control and systematically mistreat others, such as the Scottish in particular, he found himself surprisingly pleased with the current situation-even if he was only a figure head. He assumed that Xavier wanted to do away with their culture but he was wrong. Because of the evil and satanic nature of Dwayne and his people, he only wanted to do away with them. They were spiritual descendents of Cain. And their kill on sight, order by Alexis was still in effect and would remain so forever until every Visigoth was wiped from the earth. The English minority could do little more than flap their wings and whine in protest. The United Nations released a statement condemning the Romanski Administration. Backed by the mighty Nokovic Empire, he told the U.N. to mind their own business and to take their criticism and shove it up their rear ends.  
Most of the Valdis family fled New Holland after they attempted to bring terrorism to the city, which backfired horribly. Xavier and his squads tracked down every person responsible for random acts of violence. He knew how to handle those who wanted to spread terror. They responded with their own. Theirs was so violent that on one day, more than three thousand of their enemies were slain in the streets of New Holland. 
Those who escaped were put on a Government most wanted list that called for their execution on sight. A copy of the list was given to Alexis. However, she instructed Romanski not to send his federal lawmen to the countries they had taken refuge in. They would be no match for an immortal. Just as Dwayne had dispatched his men in 1810 that resulted in the death of Xaviers biological parents, Alexis, for the first time in years, sent her own men to every country the fugitives fled to with orders to execute them for their violence against the public. Again, the U.N. condemned Romanski. But as much as they cried like babies, they were powerless to act against him. The Ostrogoths were unknown, super humans and couldnt be stopped by conventional methods. She instructed her men to decapitate the fugitives and hang their heads high on whatever they could find in the country they were in. She wanted the entire world to know that this was for every single innocent man, woman and child that had died over the years when the Valdis family plagued Europe.      
	One of the shocking changes that had taken place since Thomas last visit to the Capital was the Monarchy. They were done away with for all time. Backed by Dwayne, Olenhoff and his Party voted to outlaw and abolish the Monarchy. This was probably the only good piece of legislature they ever enacted. Olenhoff felt that the current King and Queen served no purpose in society except to live lavishly. Their family relatives didnt fight in real wars and didnt work to better the condition of the down trodden. Instead, they only sucked money from tax payers to unjustly enrich themselves. As a result, members of the Monarchy were stripped of all properties that were paid for by the public. 
Kensington Palace and other grand structures were paid for with tax payer funds. All monies that were derived from the public were taken back from the Royals. Without the personal funds to keep the palaces they had resided in, they had no choice but to vacate. Olenhoff firmly believed that no one should be paid to be worshipped simply because of a blood line. The Royal family did the least for their country and on top of that, he accused them of doing a poor job protecting their nation from foreign influences that attacked and undermined their culture. Grand Ceremonies were useless and didnt pay off their national debt. From that day on, the Anglican Monarchy was dead and would never, ever revive again. All of this and more was extremely important because how New Holland went, the country sometimes followed.  
The Hunters re-entered a city where the political, the social and the mystical equally co-existed-a city like theirs. The super natural alarm that sounded in their home town didnt go off in New Holland. St. Viktersburg was always the more sinister of the two cities-where the enchantment of another time never quite wore off no matter the season. New Hollanders would be a lot more difficult to convince that their dark season would take on that sinister and deeper, mystical atmosphere. The Hunters would discover that the city they last visited, had taken on a whole new persona. And the Ostrogoths, for all their progress, their social dominance, were about to encounter an experience far beyond battles with their rivaled faction.
CHAPTER SIX
	Because of the extreme nature of the Hitchens case, Alexander had to deal with questions from the public. He couldnt just pick up and give chase. He had official duties and loose ends to tie up at home. He double checked the power of his jurisdiction to make sure the New Holland Police Department wouldnt interfere and make a mess of his investigation. A day or so later wasnt going to matter too much because they had no idea where Eva and Kathleen were. 
Trying to find the two would be like locating a needle in a haystack. Still, unbeknownst to them, they had one positive on their side. Kathleen was a monster, which meant she had to succumb to her sudden and violent need to kill sooner than later and more often. Most gargoyles hunted and fed at intervals. One to three times a month they satisfied themselves. The younger ones needed to feed more frequently; even worse; they couldnt control their urges anywhere near as proficiently as their elders. With New Holland authorities secretly alerted, any murders that matched the ones back in St. Viktersburg could possibly yield a clue as to where the two women were. 
	Thomas refused to leave town without Alexander, who received additional authorization from the office of the Prime Minister. At midnight, he and the rest of the Hunters boarded the infamous Black Shadow Express. This train line ran from one end of Scotland to the end of England. Counting the additional nine hours from the English boarder to the tip of Scotland, the entire riding distance took over twenty-five hours. They chose to ride the train out of safety for themselves and the public. They were super, extraordinary human beings, but they couldnt fly. Any creature that was cunning and powerful enough to exist in both beastly and human form was able to sneak on board any air craft and simply bring it down. 
When Alexander spoke with Lloyd Winston-fellow commissioner of New Holland, and told him what had transpired, he became very alarmed. He was afraid because creatures of the dark had spilled over into his city. Five years earlier, he prescribed severe measures to close off his region as much as possible to anyone and anything that came from St. Viktersburg without inspections until the dark season was over. He, like the rest of the world, was afraid that if a hoard of vampires got into their city, residents would be in unimaginable danger.  They had no idea how to stop them and he knew some of them would eventually slip through. 
The Hunters were scheduled stayed in one of the hotels that belonged to what was now, Thomas Empire. The Kursk Centre Hotel was located almost dead center on the east side. He hoped to track and destroy the winged assailants within days. He wanted to get back home. He was pre-occupied about spending Christmas with his mother and the rest of his family. He hadnt been on a train in a long time. At one point, he got up and walked back to the sightseeing car and stood at the window. He stared out into the bright lights and suburban scenery of each city they passed. He had been bottled up in such ugliness the past few years that he almost forgot how beautiful that part of the country was. That wasnt the only issue that pre-occupied him. For some time, he kept one huge thought a secret. 
Lately, he was getting tired of his way of life. He loved his country, but wasnt sure he could remain there for the rest of his life. As much as he loved Jacque, he didnt want to die as he did or spend his senior years a shell of his former self. Because of their yearly season, their country was a magnet for manifestations of spiritual evil that reveled in the joy of constant darkness. He also worried about his mother and the rest of his relatives. He thought that maybe the time had come for him to run his empire from somewhere else. He looked across the Atlantic and seriously thought about moving to America. But, he wasnt sure Dana would ever leave the place her children perished in.
	All this, and more, he kept to himself. Perhaps if there had been someone special-someone to remain in the city for, he would have felt differently. Being worth eight hundred billion didnt make meeting someone to love and marry any easier. On the contrary, being filthy rich made finding someone even harder. Often, women who looked at him only saw dollar signs more than any other attribute he possessed. He could practically read a persons oar, mind and intentions so he knew when they were lying about why they wanted to be with him. Women he did feel strongly about were only interested in partying twenty-four hours a day, which he felt was ridiculous. You couldnt just party your life or problems away. Besides, there was more to do than just that. After all, everyone had to grow up sooner or later. Unfortunately, they were just too immature for him. They were silly, vain beyond comprehension and simple minded. He didnt have time to wait for them or tolerate their nonsense. 
With a permanent relationship missing from his life, he was a little lonely at times- whether he actually realized that or not. No one on earth is immune to that-rich or poor. He always thought that he would have been married at this stage in life. Despite his wealth and abilities, he felt life was somehow passing him by. As he pondered his position in the universe, the Black Shadow Express rolled on and later arrived at the New Holland downtown terminal.     
	He grabbed his black, pea coat and the rest of his luggage from above and stepped off the train. He had such weird feelings. He and his men were there to find and kill a monster, yet, he felt alive being in another place-somewhere new for a change. He remembered how beautiful the city was and how familiar the vibe felt compared to his home town.
Traveling, maybe thats what I need, he thought to himself as he looked up at the adorable glass, metal and steel sky scrapers that set New Holland apart from the other big cities of Europe. 
Although he was financially secure, he didnt fully enjoy the benefits that were supposed to add to his happiness. He didnt know why such thoughts weighed on him. He allowed himself to feel uncertain for just a little while. He hated weakness. Each time he had a fight with his insecurities he would simply suck it up and get tough again. But they returned. One must understand that for all his powers, both physically and spiritually, he never talked to anyone at length about his familys ordeal. There was no counseling, nor did he feel he needed any. That was for children or adults who were weaklings as far as he was concerned. Helpless to save David and Danielle, he swore that he would never, ever be or feel vulnerable again. 
During the half decade that passed, he only grew stronger and tougher inside. He saved his softer side for his friends and family. Dana may have been more accurate than she realized about him. He needed someone but the way he worried, the last type of female he wanted was a helpless damsel in distress. He had enough on his plate doing what he could to insure the safety of those closest to him. He couldnt handle the stress of worrying about a significant other, especially during the winter.
He was the most powerful, talented and deadliest man to ever head the organization in the modern era. However, he was only in the fifth year of his reign and was already beginning to tire with the whole mess that came with his position. He wondered how Jacque held his post for so long. He admired him as much as anyone but he didnt want to kick the can when he was old and worn out. He wanted to have some fun. He wanted to enjoy as much life as he could without the seasons of his country constantly hanging over his head. Regardless of that, another conflict was brewing so he pushed his concerns aside and did what he had to do-he concentrated in order to get the job done. 
During their ride to the hotel, Shawn pointed out the citys newest structure-the Black Skull Plaza, which was proclaimed as the tallest building in the world. Thomas saw the Hollywood style lights swinging back and forth in the sky, which celebrated the structures completion. 
He took a pair of sleek binoculars from a side panel in their limousine. 
Wow, that thing is enormousand beautiful. 
The building was surrounded with black statues of gargoyles near the upper floors.  The top was impossible to see. A third of the building disappeared into the cloud cover that often hung lower than the skyscrapers themselves. The only way to see the top section was by helicopter or when perfect weather was present. 
Of course they put gargoyle statues around the building, Brandon interjected, were in the city of gargoyles. They put them on everything here.
	Alexander met with the New Holland Police and their top brass. He received the reluctant assistance of Commissioner Winston.  The mayor insisted on his cooperation in order to renew goodwill between the two super cities. A deep divide developed between them during the revelation of vampires. New Hollanders looked at their big brother metropolis as infected with evil because of some great transgression the people had committed. People of St. Viktersburg viewed New Hollanders as cowards and good for nothing rats who were selfish and too afraid to help their fellow neighbors. St. Viktersburg claimed they were tougher and that their counter parts could never cut it. Their underlying hatred for each other was evident in the tone of their voices and the look in their eyes. That hatred surfaced verbally whenever vampires were mentioned between them in any type of discussion.  
Thomas shared the distain for them as well but understood their fear. He loved the beauty of their city, but didnt think much of the people and neither did any of his brothers for that matter. To understand why Commissioner Winston was so stiff about helping, one had to know why. St. Viktersburg indicted the country for leaving them to drown on a sinking ship. They never forgot that. Their raw disgust for each other rivaled the hatred that existed between the British Canadians and their French Quebec neighbors up north, who they decreed as underlings and treated as such.  
	New Holland was soaked from rain drizzle the entire week, which came with the season and added to the mysterious mood of the city. The Hunters had never battled gargoyles. They didnt know all of their strengths or all of their weaknesses. They spread out across the city, as did the police, and searched all of the known properties that belonged to the Sandagauls, who still eluded them. There were alerts in the air, land and sea. Any object that even came close to resembling an unidentified flying creature was ordered shot down by the nations Air Force. Gargoyles couldnt dare take to the air with so much radar and fire power searching for them. They were very large beasts and their wing span alone wouldve given them away. 
Back in the old days in Germany, before there were airplanes, they would simply swoop down on their human prey, snatch them and even fly them back to a secret location and devour them. The modern era complicated their hunting tactics. They were trapped. Every shipping port, airport, bus and train terminal was under heavy, armed guard and backed up by various law agencies. Adding to their troubles was the facial recognition street cameras that were posted for public safety-albeit in only certain small areas of the city. Just another reason Eva and Kathleen had to stay out of sight and be on their toes when they ventured out.
Their pictures were plastered all over town and in the media as suspects wanted for questioning in a number of homicides. The reports were careful not to accuse them of being guilty of the crimes per say. For all Alexander and the public knew, they may have only been witnesses. In reality, the mere fact that Evas husband was a ghoul, which was a lower life form, meant that despite being a Countess, she married him anyway. He also could have been just a figure head for her perfect family. Maybe he was the weaker of the two and she married him for cover. Why would any dark creature that could take perfect human form, marry a ghoul? They were considered scavengers.  They ate the leftovers at the feet of all other predators. This bothered Shawn. 
I guess there is no accounting for taste, Brandon repeatedly told him.
 He couldnt have been more wrong. He didnt know the whole story-their story.  
	During their courtship in the early 1800s in Germany, Eva and Vondell, crowned as the most beautiful teenage couple in town, was deeply in love with each other. To their horror, she was attacked one evening while walking home from work. She was scrapped, clawed and bitten by a relatively medium size gargoyle. She escaped death thanks to a group of townsmen who heard her screams in a nearby farm house and interrupted the desperate creature. One month later during a full moon, she herself was changed forever on earth. She later revealed her curse to Vondell. As mentally scarred and unstable as they both were because of the circumstances that befell them to no fault of their own, he couldnt live without her. Although she pleaded with him to leave Germany and her to her accursed fate, he refused. Every step she took, he wanted to take with her. Any tribulation she suffered he wanted to suffer as well. Since her soul was damaged or in a sense, lost in the present world, he didnt care if his was also lost as long as they were together. 
Unsuccessful at tempting her to turn him into what she was, he did the next best thing. He offered his eternal soul to some infamous witches near their vicinity if they would turn him into a flesh eater like Eva-albeit a different version. They did. He crossed that line of no return and walked through the door of eternal darkness and damnation. He finally tracked her down in Munich and revealed to her what he had done just to be with her. She wept-long and bitterly. But, she knew that there was no turning back from what they were. 
There was no way he could have taken the chance of being turned into a gargoyle by another one. He couldnt just walk up and ask one to transform him into a creature of stone. Gargoyles werent like that. They were very unpredictable. They most likely would have eaten him for dinner and moved on. At that time, they turned people into creatures like them randomly and for no specific reason. Unlike other beings, they seemed to behave more out of animal instinct rather than a well thought out purpose. Much like lions and other carnivores, they didnt always seem to have a rhyme or reason to their actions.
No matter what the people thought, one fact was undeniable. The love that Vondell and Eva had was real and unbreakable-so much so that he died to protect her and his family, which he adored. Nevertheless, their true love came at a price that harmed others and that was unacceptable. No love was worth the death of innocent people. Alexander pondered the thought of how Eva would react if she knew her husband was dead. Keith believed that keeping his death a secret was best, and just claim he was being held in jail. Maybe that would make her come forth and turn herself in-they were wrong. 
Eva and Kathleen knew Vondell would never want them to turn themselves over to be destroyed. She just assumed that they would meet up somewhere in New Holland. She worried when she attempted to contact him by phone and received no answer.  At worst, she knew they had no proof and would only hold him in jail for a couple of days in order to force her out of hiding. She had no idea the ghoulish love of her life had gone on to meet his final judgment in another world.
	All she cared about was getting out of New Holland when the time was right. She couldve headed for Scotland and met up with Vondell at the start of trouble. However, that was out of the question. Never make a mess where you have to eat. Had they started killing people there, the public wouldve had no sympathy once they were discovered to be responsible. They needed a new place to settle in eventually so they had to stay on the good side of Scotland or any other country in order to obtain residency. As each day passed she realized leaving was a mistake. She took for granted all of her family would later reunite but the situation wasnt shaping up that way. 
Her decision to flee was not just for safety reasons, but for practical ones as well. She felt once she was in New Holland, her high priced attorney would stop Alexander from taking her back. All one had to do was claim they fled because of the remaining; yet, small vampire threat and were afraid for their life and they would get the benefit of the doubt. She figured that with a young daughter, she would have no problem convincing a judge. All Kathleen had to do was flash those dark, beautiful eyes of hers, while Eva only had to fold her arms and stand there. With her looks, any judge would be glad to grant her stay in New Holland until the police obtained definitive proof that there was sufficient cause to take her back to St. Viktersburg. She decided to play Alexanders way and legally beat him at his own game. From an undisclosed location, she contacted her lawyer.
	One of the homes she resided in was near the citys waterfront on the west side-once home turf to the Valdis family. Although wiped out for the most part, the few loyalists left behind still lurked in the background-always aware they would be killed on sight. 
The Hunters, as well as the rest of the country, knew about the conflict between the gothic factions. Their political strife and street wars, which affected the governing of nearly the entire nation, erupted on the heels of their clash with Lynette and her clan. The death of Olenhoff and his entire staff was the crime of the century in Europe and the world. His execution was the equivalent of the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963-only magnified a hundred times more. Thomas knew of no human being other than himself who had the ability to pull off such a righteous and daring task. And yet, the job was done. He had no idea who was responsible, but was glad when Olenhoff was eliminated because of the fanatical and oppressive way life became under his administration. 
They knew if Olenhoff and his Party hadnt been stopped, the circumstances at that time would have forced them to go to New Holland and eliminate him and his entire cabinet themselves. They, like the Ostrogoths, were never going to permit their lives to be run by a Dictator backed by a corrupt ruling Party. They saw the turmoil that type of administration created when one incompetent U.S. President back in the late decade of the new millennium attempted to force a slick form of communism onto the masses. Like him, Olenhoff and Dwayne looked around and were ashamed of their own country. They hated it because they were a free nation. Their efforts to take over failed.  When The Hunters saw the wave of sick ideologies headed to their city, they met and prepared to do what the people of America did when Nazi Germany threatened world freedom; they used deadly force to rid them from the planet. Under no circumstances would Thomas Dikane and his organization tolerate any form of totalitarianism no matter what label the administration used. In England, It was freedom or death-on this there was no compromise or second guessing. No government was going to harass, or better yet, order him or his mother around in their ego driven pursuit to play God. 
	Despite being on alert, they had no hint of Evas whereabouts. After a week and a half they caught a break. Kathleen was young and was on the verge of insanity as she struggled to keep her hunger under control. Finally, at 10:00 one evening, she unleashed them. She ventured into the east side, away from where she resided in order to keep her location secret. She met a nice young man at the Central North twenty-four hour skating ring. The two clicked right away. She was a pretty good skateboarder too. There was one problem; he was an immortal-only seventeen years old. His name was James and he was very close to the Nokovic family. He was unable to detect her as an alternate creature in human form. He lived on the border line of the east side. 
Around 1:00 am, they went out to eat. He figured she was harmless since his internal alarm didnt go off. She seemed to be from one of the lesser-smaller gothic sects. However, he knew she wasnt a Visigoth and thats what caused him to drop his guard. He offered to walk her home, which she claimed was just six long blocks away from Municipal Park. 
The great landmark sat halfway on the east and west sides. There were under paths that led down beneath the street and back, which resembled those of New York Citys Central Park. Often, homeless people would hang out under them as unassuming pedestrians walked across the foot bridges above. James was a good young man. He was slim and strong. But he didnt grow up with the edge of war and caution for danger like Xavier, Kerri and others like him. He was too young and like most teens, wanted to see the best in people. She carried an overcoat on her arms-claiming it was too warm to wear. That was a lie. As they came to one over path she took his hand and quickly led him down onto the walkway under the bridge. She giggled as he laughed along. 
 What are you doing? Who are you running from? He asked with a sense of humor and innocence. She allowed her coat to fall to the ground behind her.
 Shhhhhthe dark season, she whispered as she placed her finger over her lips. 
He heard footsteps ahead of them from a far distance. He was surprised she heard them as well. A group of people passed above them. The further away they got the less noise they heard. Their voices grew fainter as they continued through the park. He was against the wall. Before he realized it, his arms were locked into her hands. 
What was that about? He wondered.
She giggled quietly, placed her head on his chest and then looked up at him and smiled, You never know who youre going to run into during the dark season. 
Are you kidding? He asked. You dont have to be scared of anyone while youre with me, 
She suddenly laid a kiss on him as she wrapped her arms around his waist. She continued to laugh playfully during what turned out to be a long and very hot kiss. 
Ill get you home safe. Theres more to me than meets the eye, he boasted. 
She covered her mouth over his and French kissed him once more.
 Theres more to me too, she answered with a heavy voice that resembled a possessed soul. 
A quick look of confusion crossed his face for a second. Before he understood what she meant, she shoved her hands into the concrete wall she had him pinned against. They sank into the stone like quick sand. She mutated into the grotesque form of her cursed body. Her skirt split at the seams and tore away from her and fell to the ground. Her feet burst through and ripped her sneakers apart. Her power was incredible. James tried to move his arms, but they were restrained at his side. The larger she grew the less one could see him. Her wings flapped outward and covered them both like a blanket. 
His strength enabled one of his arms to break free, but he couldnt do much more than that. He grabbed her by the throat. Fluids from her mouth dripped onto his arm. He tried to get away but she was too strong. She drew her head back then came forward. She jammed her sharp teeth into his shoulder and tore out his flesh and bones along with his clothes. He screamed for help. She consumed the first piece of him in one swallow. Her powerful jaws sawed into his neck and head and took half of his brains out in one gulp. He was brain dead with what little he had left. She proceeded to chomp and chew up as much of him as she could. 
She didnt get the opportunity to completely dispose of him because she heard footsteps. This time there were too numerous to stick around for. She reverted back to human form. Blood was all over her, but she was satisfied-for now. She dined on human meat which fulfilled more than enough for what she needed. She was naked and barefoot. Her coat was the only piece of clothing that was undamaged. She slipped it on, quickly picked up her torn belongings and fled to the other end of the tunnel under path and disappeared into the night. She was afraid to take to the air because of the danger of being discovered by the heavy police patrols. She had left none too soon. 
The voices she heard were the park police. One of the officers heard James screams. They found him. The fact that there were fingers and other parts to identify him was extremely fortunate. By the time the rest of the police arrived, they thought he had been eaten by a pack of lions. They couldnt match any of the few shredded pieces of garments left behind to Kathleens DNA because they were drenched in only one persons blood-James. 
	On that night, someone lost a son, a brother, a cousin and a friend. He was all of those and more. He was an Ostrogoth and a young man who loved his parents, his two sisters and the rest of his family. Too often in this so-called advanced millennium of ours, murder victims are seen as just another statistic-just someone who came and went in the grand scheme of this vast and endless universe. People often get used to death in such gruesome fashions-so much so that they become insensitive to it. This was more evident during the dark season but this frame of mind helped many cope with what came during that time of year. 
Like so many, James was not just a statistic. He was a living, breathing human being who had emotions, hopes and dreams like everyone else. An evil, living beast snuffed out his life and left all of his plans and ambitions hanging up in the air. The news of his death reached Alexis, who rushed to the side of James mother and father as did Xavier. They promised his family that his killer would be hunted down like a dog, tortured and eventually executed.  
	When Alexander arrived at the crime scene he was surprised to see how much of a mess James killer made of him. Spectators gathered around and watched the action as they traveled through the park. Fortunately, the people that Kathleen hid from earlier were not criminals or anyone remotely hostile. They were just a group of guys and girls hanging out after skate boarding. They totaled ten in all; therefore, they were safe in numbers and didnt fear taking a short cut to reach home. But a few of them did see James and Kathleen together earlier at the skating ring chatting away in the stands. They gave her description to the police even though they only saw her from a distance. There was no doubt that a female was with James. However, except for few shredded, blood soaked pieces of clothing and sneakers, there was no proof of her presence-no smoking gun to connect her.
Both Commissioners agreed that in order to prevent a public panic from ensuing, they needed to keep the facts about the murder within the department. They disallowed any television cameras anywhere near the actual crime scene and didnt release any compromising details. A couple of reporters crossed the crime scene tape and barriers, which of course endangered potential evidence. Commissioner Winston had their equipment destroyed right there at the scene, then had them arrested and jailed. He ordered that none of them were to be allowed to leave until he said so-no phone calls or messages of any kind. They were charged with disorderly conduct, interference and impeding an investigation among other charges. They were incarcerated for thirty days. A harsh sentence but Alexander agreed that they needed to be taught a lesson. Any grand standing or premature release of information by irresponsible and obnoxious journalist would put their cases at risk. 
To make matters worse, a week later, two simultaneous attacks by two different gargoyles on six people occurred. They attacked in pairs. The situation was very, very serious. They had yet to locate the first gargoyle and suddenly there were two on the loose. One victim survived, but lost a leg in doing so and was traumatized beyond mental repair. For someone to escape being eaten alive was not an everyday occurrence. The city was so huge-with so much territory to cover. So far, they had managed to feed on victims without ever taking flight. 
	One interesting fact was that all the attacks centered within a five mile radius. Obviously, because they were unable to fly for long distances for fear of being detected, they had no choice but to stay grounded. Alexander suspected that since the attacks took place in the vicinity of Municipal Park that maybe the creatures lived nearby. For that reason, he requested for Thomas to concentrate most of his men within that area.  Unbeknownst to them, other players entered the search by deducing the same conclusions. 
Commissioner Winston had not hundreds, but thousands of uniform and plain clothes officers. They were on every street route, in the clubs, bars, and the entire park. Twenty-four hours a day, they patrolled the five mile radius and a little beyond. If there were any attacks, the police, who were aware of the Hunters, would be there to capture the night stalkers. Alexander figured that they would feed once a week since that seemed to be the pattern. Sure enough, a week passed with no assaults. That soon changed. 
At midnight, as the eerie bell of St. Danes Gothic Cathedral struck nearby, Alexander, broke off and decided to let Commissioner Winston watch over the east side of the area. He, Thomas, Shawn and others-ten in all, kept a sharp look out for anyone out of the ordinary at a different location further down near the church. The police were in no way capable of handling what they were up against. Although he had plenty of assistance, Commissioner Winston was still an amateur outside the field of conventional crime. 
As the church bell swung back and forth, Thomas spotted something or someone on the side of the bell tower. The figure climbed down from the side as easily as a person climbed down a ladder. He carefully alerted the others without giving his position away. When he saw a pair of wings open up, he knew for sure he had found one of the monsters. It pushed away from the wall, glided down and vanished into the trees. A few of the other men were one long block away inside Municipal Park. The others had yet to see the creature. Thomas assumed the predator was headed toward the park entrance by flying low, silently and quickly from one tree to the other. 
	They realized the night stalker was headed straight for them as they approached. They stopped when they heard the powerful wings from one tree top to the next. They looked up in the sky in hopes the mysterious beast would fly over or run into them on the ground. They were spread out and armed. They hid among the darkness as the creature looked for victims. For a while, there was compete silence. Suddenly they heard the crackling of the branches high above. They were being watched. Gargoyles could see in the night as well and spotted one of them.
Thomas, never one to shy away from a confrontation, took out a bladed throwing disc. As much as the animal attempted to remain camouflaged, he still zeroed in on its location directly over him. He stepped out from behind the tree and with a mighty swing, flung his disc up into the air. The blade sawed through branches without any change in speed or trajectory. Debris came crashing to the ground as his weapon sliced through bark as easily as a sword through a soft melon. Suddenly a loud, excruciating scream followed as blood drizzled to the ground like rain from the sky. His circular blade struck the gargoyle, which leapt from the tree and flew back toward the church tower. 
They were out smarted to a degree. True, gargoyles ability to fly was hindered because of their fear of detection. Nevertheless, they remained at an altitude that was underneath the planes of the Air Force. Jets were unable to fly too low or too close to buildings. They learned that they were safe enough if they didnt fly above the city skyline or the cloud cover. 
	Thomas had no doubt that their prey was headed back to the cathedral. He believed that was where they hid when New Holland got its brief window of daylight that time of year. They had to hurry. They exited the park, jumped into their cars and sped down the street. They could see the creature further ahead above them as they gave chase. The winged assailant swooped down, landed on the church ledge above the door and hissed at its pursuers. Wounded and bleeding, the predator closed its wings and with ease, disappeared into the gray concrete as easy as one walks through a doorway. Thomas halted in amazement. Other than a vampire, he never saw anyone or any life form do that before. Later, he understood why. They were made of flesh and stone. They had the power to use the substance as an ally to their existence. He and his men didnt see that one coming. 
They all converged on the tower. Any creature that entered stone had to exit-he hoped. He was right. They could travel in and out of stone, but couldnt remain inside indefinite because they were only half flesh-a result of their curse. Regardless, the new revelation of their ability made them twice as dangerous as before. 
They never suspected that gargoyles actually hid out in church towers. They perched themselves in the tower in order to get a birds eye view of Municipal Park to search for victims. 
	Accompanied by police, the locks on the churchs side doors were broken to gain entry. Once inside, they saw a shape of a person in an over coat. The figure turned and quickly vanished around the doorway that led to the upper floors, which were easily accessible. Unlike other churches with large towers, St. Dane was one floor after another with office rooms and chambers. The bell tower was two hundred feet high-said to be the tallest in the city. On every floor, there were staircases at both ends of the corridor. 
Shawn gave chase up one staircase as Thomas took the stairs at the other end in an attempt to head off the unknown individual. He instructed the others to check each room on each floor very carefully and to stay in pairs. If they discovered anyone they were to call for immediate back up. There had to cover six floors in the main building before they reached the adjacent upper level of the tower. 
Thomas felt that old familiar sense of an impending, danger, just as he had when he was first attacked at the construction site. He trotted through the long, dim halls-not knowing who or what would creep up on him. The atmosphere was spooky and very uninviting. They corridors were lined with displays of armored knights and their swords and other medieval weapons.  There were pictures, paintings and statues of church patriarchs who resembled ghostly figures that seemed almost life like in their ghoulish stare. A couple of the chamber doors were locked. The rest were open. When he reached the staircase he heard footsteps, but they sounded strange. They werent the footsteps of anyone he knew. They moved fast and there were at least two or more people. 
	He managed to reach the top floor and headed for the tower. Whoever the creatures were, they couldnt escape because the building was completely surrounded. He was also the first to reach the top because unlike the others, he didnt have to stop and unlock every door to search inside. He paused just before heading toward the stairs leading to the bell tower. The quiet was too much for him. He started to walk again. He entered the darkened intersection of the corridor that crisscrossed an adjoined area. At that moment, a long blade was thrust straight toward his head, which would have impaled him through one side of his ear to the other. However, he detected the movement and vibration of the blade in the air. He could feel or better yet, hear the wind before it touched his skin. By a second none too soon, he reared back as though he was walking under a cross bar without using his arms. He quickly grabbed the blade near the tip with his left hand and with his right hand, struck and snapped the steel in half like a twig. The blade went flying to the floor. 
Suddenly a fist struck him. He was knocked to floor. As the assailant attacked, he sprang to his feet without using his arms. He threw a combination of punches that struck his attacker dead in the chest, knocking them to the ground. Shawn heard the commotion and ordered a few of his brothers to the floor as he ran to help. When he reached the center of the action, he saw Thomas and a human figure battling hand to hand. Just then, two others came out from the other side from behind. Shawn flipped on the lights from a nearby switch. The two figures turned around. It was Kerri and Colt. She saw a stranger locked in battle with her brother. Shawn and his other men pulled their weapons and aimed them at Colt and Kerris head. 
Move one inch and Ill blow your head off! He swore. 
The others came in with their guns ready to fire. But they also didnt want to hit Thomas. As fast as he and his enemy moved, they couldnt chance firing a shot not knowing where he was going to be next. 
Xavier stopped and threatened, Touch my sister I swear Ill shove that gun right down your throat. 
Thinking that the Hunters were henchmen from the Valdis family, he continued his attack. 
	Both men went into a full offensive and let loose a barrage of controlled, yet, exquisite hand to hand attacks. Thomas threw a two-handed strike at Xavier who leapt up and over him so fast that he almost wondered where he went. But like vampires, he knew that they usually appeared behind him. Before he could turn around Xavier did exactly that. 
Regarded as the most powerful man in the world, he delivered a death blow with all of his strength. His mighty fist struck Thomas in the left side of his upper back. As far as Xavier was concerned, his opponent was a goner. His back and every tissue in his body should have collapsed, ruptured and exploded from within. His fist, which was hard as a hammer, should have come through the other side of Thomas chest along with his shattered bones and organs. The strike was so loud and solid that Shawn thought his best friend was going down for the count. But nothing happened. Thomas absorbed the entire impact. He took his arms that were still outstretched, made a fist, and snapped his arms back hard and stiff as though he was rowing a boat. His back tightened with the force and sound of a loudly, broken bone. The pure power and spiritual force he possessed knocked Xavier backward, causing him to stumble and fall. 
Kerris eyes opened as wide as grapefruits. She was stunned beyond comprehension. Thomas turned around like some kind of invincible android and stood there expressionless as he watched the look on his opponents face. There was no need to speak. He already knew what Xavier thought. He had seen that look before on the faces of people who challenged him. 
Who or what is he?! Xavier thought to himself. 
	Thomas wasnt hurt seriously. He shook off the pain and although sore momentarily, didnt allow anyone to see his discomfort. Xavier prepared to attack again when out of nowhere a gunshot rang out. They both halted. The blast was from Alexanders gun, which he fired into the air. He immediately identified himself.
Thats enough! Im Commissioner Alexander Schroeder of the St. Viktersburg Police Department. Who are you people?! 
I was about to ask you that same question. Xavier snarled. 
Alexander paused as he looked over at Kerri and Colt who were held back at gun point. Were chasing someone or something shall I say. 
So are we, Xavier rebutted. 
Alexander added, We were after someone in a dark overcoat-possibly female. That person may very well have been one of you. 
You really dont know who youre talking to do you? Xavier retorted in a threatening voice. 
No, why dont you tell us. Shawn countered. 
An uneasy tension grew worse-the kind of that surfaces right before violence breaks out. 
Xavier continued, I can guarantee you this, whatever the Valdis family paid you, its never going to be enough because no matter what happens, youre all going to die. 
Thomas finally spoke. Were not here to kill anyone for any family. Were chasing someone who may have killed some people before they bolted out of town. 
Thats what were doing. Xavier interjected. Weve been tracking someone we believe is connected to the death of a friend of ours. He was just seventeen when he was killed just days ago. 
Thomas motioned for his men to lower their guns. 
 Where we come from, we stalk vampires, Keith joined in. I dont get the sense that you or any of your friends are oneare you? 
Do we look like vampires to you? Kerri asked with annoyance. 
Its not about looks. Its about deception and survival. Brandon informed and further explained; vampires can be or look like anyone they chose if theyre strong enough. Lets just say without telling you too much, that we can detect them, which explains why youre still alive. 
Xavier said sternly, We can detect certain people too, but the ones were at war with are not vampires, theyre like us, but the kind you really dont want to meet in a dark alley, or a dark church corridor. He glanced at Thomas. 
If you really are the police, I guess my name is not too much to ask for. Im Xavier Nokovic. That young woman over there is my sister, Kerri and my best friend, Colt. 
My name is Thomas Dikane. These are my closest friends, Shawn, Brandon and Keith. The rest are also close friends as well. Not all of us are with the police; were just here to help. We possess certain skills and abilities that regular people dont. They help us to catch certain types of creatures that police are ill-equipped to tackle. 
So Ive seen, Kerri said with admiration. 
He looked at her with a slight grin as his confidence radiated from his eyes to hers. 
	He repeated out loud, Nokovic, Nokovichey, Ive heard of you-the Ostrogothic clan right? 
The one and the same, Xavier answered. 
We tried to keep up with what was going on with you guys. You had some trouble with the Valdis family a few years ago. 
We still do from time to time, but not nearly as much as we used to, Colt insisted. 
He thought Xaviers last name sounded familiar. They, like everyone else, knew about the war between the Goths and the political conflicts that gripped the capital. But he vaguely recalled all the details because he and his family were dealing with their own personal loss. He remembered that the Nokovics were rumored to be worth trillion- a fact that was not easy to forget. He approached Xavier and offered his hand in the act of civility.
We owe you guys a great deal of thanks. Olenhoff was a nut-plain and simple. I dont know what you and your family did, and I dont care. Im just glad that he was stopped because if someone hadnt we would have. 
Xavier shook Thomas hand and the existing tension immediately evaporated. 
You must have some really great connections in high places to know about that, Xavier alleged. 
Well, the Kursk Empire has friends and contacts all over the world, 
Xavier eyes narrowed as he thought for a second then asked, Kursk? You mean as in Jacque Kursk? 
 Thats right. 
Xavier was intrigued and asserted, Hes worth hundreds of billions. Everyone knows that name and Im sure somewhere-somehow, my family did business with him. 
Well, as you know, we lost him a few years ago. Now, Im the head of his Empire, Thomas informed. 
So now youre worth hundreds of billions, as Kerri walked over and stood next to Xavier. 
My sister Kerri, he introduced. 
Thomas extended his hand. Nice to meet you, he said warmly.
A moment passed between them that drew her to him. She quickly attempted to hook him mentally but she paid a small price for that. She looked into his eyes and quickly tried to read his mind as he apologized for mistaking them for suspects. Suddenly, she grabbed the bridge of her nose and her head with the tips of her fingers. She was unsuccessful because his mind was like a brick wall or a block of iron. As a result, she developed a painful, but short headache, the kind of headache that occurs when one drinks ice water too fast. The first ability Jacque taught Thomas to master was how to seal off his mind in order to keep vampires from implanting their will and thoughts into his. Satan himself, no matter how powerful, cannot read a persons mind. If vampires, the very executers of his wicked nature couldnt read his thoughts, an immortal sure couldnt. 
Unfortunately, because they got side tracked by mistaking Xavier and his family as suspects, the real assailant escaped. Both groups discussed what transpired since the Hunters arrival. Xavier assumed that James was killed by rival a faction. Alexander assured him that he wasnt, based on what he discovered at the crime scene. At the same time, he didnt discuss any secret details of the case with him. 
Both groups were now hunting at least two monsters wanted in connection with homicides in St. Viktersburg and New Holland. After all the introductions, Xavier invited all of his new acquaintances to the Royal Palace and offered him any assistance in capturing James murderer. They accepted but told him that he, Shawn, Brandon and Keith would be enough. He wanted the rest to remain with Alexander and assist him in case he needed help later that night. He had his hands full coordinating his actions with the New Holland Police. 
As Thomas proceeded toward the stair case Xavier confessed, Hey, youre a strong man. 
I do alright, Thomas replied with a slight, yet, confident grin. 
Colt walked over to Xavier.
 What do you make of him? 
I dont know, Xavier admitted. Hes not an immortal-Im certain about that. But hes all man thats for sure-nothing weak about him. 
And Ill tell you something else, that blow I struck him with was my hardest. I meant to kill him; yet, he just took it-snapped his back and threw me aside. He should be dead now. I dont get it. 
He respected Thomas instantly because of that altercation. He admired his strength, so did Kerri. His strength is what bothered him because he couldnt figure out how he came to be such a powerful human being when he didnt seem to possess immortality. 
	While they discussed the events, another story began to unfold. Kerri eyed Thomas as he talked with her. She witnessed what appeared to be a regular human go toe to toe with her brother and survive. She took an instant liking to him and not the puppy love kind either. Any man who could withstand not one, but multiple strikes from her brother and mentally shut her out of his mind was a man she wanted to know. The intrigue surrounding him took hold of her as she noticeably became more fixated on who he was, his secrets and the origin of his power. He was stronger than her and he had billions of dollars and influence. That meant he didnt want or need anything from her-or anyone else for that matter. He was confident and oozed a modest, low key sense of dominance by the way he walked and talked. She reminded herself that he was a mortal. However, there was nothing ordinary about him. No immortal, including her, had ever seen anyone like Thomas and his Hunters.  
Xavier was glad to know that they were on the same side, but like Kerri and Colt, he also wondered how many more like Thomas were around. 
CHAPTER SEVEN
	They stood outside on the corner of the cathedral and wondered aloud about how to capture what seemed to be so far, elusive. The immortals were especially shell shocked. They never expected to see the kind of night things that the people of St. Viktersburg lived around for years. 
Xavier invited them to follow him to the palace. He needed information and help in finding James killer. Thomas accepted. He instructed the others to remain behind and search the area. He ordered them to report any extraordinary occurrences to him immediately. Based on the events and how fast the creatures fled, he was confident that they would seek out a new place to hide. 
The Hunters were forbidden to eat or drink with new acquaintances unless they were in a public setting. Although they were familiar with the Nokovic name, they trusted no one. They could never be too sure of anyone new. One deadly drink and they could easily fall prey to people who they perceived as friends. 
	Kerri rode with Xavier in his car. When they arrived she suddenly unlocked her door. Before he had a chance to put the brakes on she jumped out and hurried back to Thomas sedan. Xavier was totally taken aback by her rapid exit. 
Now what the heck is wrong with her? He asked out loud with a perplexed look.
Whats the big rush? He didnt understand her goofy behavior. 
He didnt get why she just jumped out of the car like that. She stood outside Thomas door and waited for him to shut off his Black, Audi Quattro A8-L sedan. After he stepped out, they began to walk side by side. She claimed she just wanted to tell him a little about her home before they entered. He was very impressed. The palace was incredible. The structure truly was made for a King and Queen. While he marveled at the view, she marveled at him. As he stopped and looked at the beauty of their property, she eyed him up and down as though she wanted to eat him for dinner, but only in the lustful and romantic sense. 
Once inside, Xavier had the staff bring them some refreshments as he escorted his guest into the living room. He sent for his mother who later came in to meet and greet them. He explained the situation to her and how they ended up on the same side of the manhunt. When Alexis met the four young men her detection senses didnt go off, but her eye for beauty did. Xavier looked at her and mentally transmitted a message, revealing that their guests were not immortals. However, in no way were they ordinary. 
In earlier times, she would have gone ballistic to see ordinary humans in her home. But due to past events, times changed and so did she for the most part. As Xavier made the introductions, Alexis rolled the top of her tongue across her lip. They were strong-beautiful young men and as a woman, she just couldnt ignore that. The way they stood, the obvious power they radiated was evident. She had met immortals from all over and yet, the men that stood before her resembled a group of gorgeous gods. When she shook Shawns hand she held on for a moment longer compared to the others. 
Wow! Why cant I find immortals that look like you? She thought to herself as she smiled.
	They all sat down and began to reveal the events that led them to their present state. After a short while, the staff completed a tray of refreshments. No one really paid too much attention to Kerri, who slipped into the kitchen to help. One servant came in and sat the tray of food and snacks on the serving table. The first time she attempted to read Thomas mind was at the church. In return she received a quick, but brutal headache. She wanted to know what his first, secret thoughts and impressions of her were. Men and women often meet and form an opinion on the looks and personality of each other. However, they usually keep that to themselves for fear of rejection until theyre absolutely sure the other person feels the same way they do. She formed her opinion of him early on. She needed to know what type of opinion he had developed for her-if any. Thomas possessed a great poker face. Because he didnt overly exhibit his facial expressions, he was extremely hard to read. He was seated directly across from where she sat before inconspicuously slipping away. Xavier was seated to his left. 
Much to the surprise of Colt, Xavier and Alexis, Kerri walked in with a second tray of refreshments. She first leaned over and offered some to Shawn and the others, to which they placed their drinks down on the table next to them. They never drank one ounce of the wine and water offered to them. She came over to Thomas last and leaned over in front of him. She had taken off one of her shirts and slipped on one more revealing. She was very well endowed with breasts that couldnt have been more perfectly rounded. 
Would you like something? She asked him. 
As she bent over directly in front of him her top easily fell downward as gravity took its course. He had a straight unobstructed view as her breast dropped down and almost out of her shirt it seemed. 
Thank you very much, he said politely. He then took the glass of wine from her. 
He gave no indication that he had been moved or excited at the site of her charms, which should have drove any mortal man to instant desire. She should have made his mouth water. Xavier continued to listen to Colt as he brought Alexis up to speed on the events that unfolded. He gazed at Kerri curiously. 
Now what is this all about? And what is she up to? He mumbled quietly to himself. 
He sat up in his chair once he realized what was happening. He noticed a hint of frustration in Kerris voice and on her face. After failing to get the positive reaction she hoped for, she turned to serve her family and the others. 
I cant believe this! She screamed out loud in her mind. He didnt even notice me. What it is his problem?! What-Im not sexy enough for him or something? 
Xaviers eyes narrowed and then he looked at Colt who was seated on his left. He motioned his eyes toward her and then rolled them inconspicuously toward Thomas. Colts expression gave way to a grin as he caught on to what Xavier was relaying to him. He understood why Kerri was acting so weird. She had a crush on Thomas and there was no doubt about that. Xavier developed a playful, mischievous smile as he prepared to tease her. She always meddled in his love life. Now, he was ready for a little payback. 
Kerri, you never serve us-or anyone else. You always let the staff do that, he said with a humorous tingle in his voice. 
Yeah, Kerri-why are you helping the servants? And today of all days, Colt added for all to hear. 
She turned around and paused with annoyance. We have very special guests so I thought Id help out. 
She walked back over and stood directly in front of Xavier and held out the snack tray for him. She stared at him as her eye and facial expression demanded him to shut his mouth. But there was no way that was going to happen.
	She pointed to the sweet pastry cakes on her tray. 
Here, try stuffing a few of these in your mouth, 
Thank you my dear sister, he answered sarcastically. 
Are you going to serve us dinner too? 
Shut up and take the cake, she growled inaudibly.
Colt began to snicker as Alexis, who caught on quickly, held her head down and shook it from side to side as she grinned.  Her two children would never grow up when it came to each other. Kerri went back over to her chair and sat down once she completed serving everyone. 
So youre a Prince, and married with twins, Thomas noted. 
And happy, Xavier declared. 
Thats all that matters, Thomas insisted then added, I assume youre married as well, he politely addressed Kerri. 
I wish, she said truthfully. I guess Im not the type that men want to marry. I havent been able to find the right one to settle down with. But hopefully one day soon that will all change. 
I find that hard to believe-you not being the right type, he complimented. 
Xavier interjected, I dont. No one wants to marry your sister when shes ugly. 
Shut up Xavier, she snapped. 
Dont pay any attention to him. You know what a pain in the butt little brothers can be. 
Thomas looked down with a somewhat insipid smile that quickly went away. He used to know what that felt like, but not anymore. 
Alexis jumped in and refereed their bickering for just a few moments.  She acknowledged that they had guests and shouldnt pick at each other in their presence. Thomas enjoyed their hospitality and their typical every day humor. He liked the fact that they were normal, fun loving people. Even more, they were just a good family who werent spoiled by their riches. He admired their royalty, yet, their down to earth personalities. The humor, although in the midst of a tragedy, was welcomed and needed to offset the loss of one of their own. 
He instantly struck up a common bond with Xavier. Even better, he got along with the rest of the family as well. The Hunters often faced tons of egos that stopped friendships from forming when they and other powerful people met or clashed over differences. But there were no egos, no pettiness between them and the immortals. They enjoyed an instant connection-an understanding of each other because they all fought that which was evil and corrupt. This made them immediate allies and Kerri couldnt have been happier.
	After much discussion, they agreed on how to best attempt to corner the gargoyles before they caused anymore havoc. Unbeknownst to Danielle and Pessia, their dad was entertaining company. They often played with Max upstairs in his old quarters when he visited his mother. Unfortunately, a horrible mistake was made. The girls didnt lock the upstairs door when they left the room to go be with the rest of the family. By the time they remembered, Max had snuck out and headed downstairs to greet his master. Thomas and his men stood up as they exchanged pleasantries before leaving. 
Out of nowhere the girls were heard screaming, No Max-No! Their voices cut through everyones conversation.
He came running down the stairs toward what he perceived as intruders in his home. Danielle and Pessia ran as fast as they could to catch up to him but he was too fast. The impending incident happened too quickly for anyone to get between Max and Thomas, who was his nearest threat as far as he was concerned. He was only protecting his masters out of pure instinct. Before anyone could yell and stop the faithful pet, Thomas stood his ground as the big cat charged him at full speed. Keith and Brandon reached for their guns as did Shawn. 
Just before the great panther got within striking distance Thomas mysteriously put three of his right fingers up between his eyes and bridge of his nose. He rapidly flung his arm out to his side and he stepped forward with a look of pure steel in his eyes. His right foot hit the floor with an invisible power that had never been heard or felt by any human being. Max instantly came to a halt and sat down. There was utter silence. Everyone, including Alexis, was dumb founded as to what he did. 
He approached Max who was just fifteen feet away. He hissed with insecurity but the closer Thomas drew the more at ease he became. He looked into Maxs eyes and never turned away. He relaxed as Thomas put his hand under his chin and rubbed him back and forth. His tail flickered in submission and delight. Max lay down at his feet and sniffed his boot. Afterward, he simply looked around at everyone as though nothing out of the ordinary had taken place.
	Xavier was not the only one who was flabbergasted at what transpired, the Hunters were as well. They had no idea that their best friend owned that type of command. 
What manner of man is this? Kerri wondered to herself. 
To say that she was impressed would be the greatest understatement of the century. Before she realized it, her heart was racing a thousand beats per second. Her fists were clenched tightly around her shirt at the neck line. Her eyes were opened wide with a new found passion. Because of that single incident, at that moment she wanted him. Not just because he was strong but because he carried himself like a master of control-whether they were people or animals. He could talk the talk if he wanted to, and he could also walk the walk. He could back up every word he spoke. In her view, this new man who had spilled over into her life was John Wayne, Clint Eastwood and John Shaft all rolled into one. She also felt that any man who possessed that much cool had to have a woman somewhere back home waiting for him.
	After taming Max, he could have told them that he was able to walk on water and they wouldve believed him. Pessia and Danielle stood on either side of Max and looked up at Thomas with a sense of amazement. Although young, they knew that their pet would tear the average person apart. They were always taught that the abilities they possessed were strictly limited to their kind, and rightly so. Immortals had no idea that the Hunters were a form of mortals who were gifted with supernatural abilities. 
	And who are you two? He asked both little girls. 
They looked at Xavier before they answered and smiled. Victoria came walking down the hall and into the room behind her daughters as the rest gathered around them. 
My name is Pessia, she told him as he shook her little hand. 
He asked her sister, And whats your name? 
Danielle, she replied with a smile. 
She shook his hand and suddenly began to blush uncontrollably. Her reaction astounded her entire family because she didnt take to strangers at all, even if they knew her parents. But she liked Thomas and the sound of his voice. 
A strange look came over his face, accompanied by a weird mood that settled. Shawn and the others as well, fell into the same atmosphere. To hear that name was still uncomfortable for all four of the young men. One had to remember, Shawn, Brandon and Keith were just like Danielle Dikanes big brothers. None of them ever got over her absence. To hear her name attached to another childs face felt strange. Xavier noticed the minor change as did Kerri. 
Well, Im very glad to meet both of you. My name is Thomas, he stated after a pause. 
I think you have a wonderful pet here. 
Danielle wondered, Do you have a pet panther too? 
Ah, nowe dont have pets this big where we come from, 
Ive never heard of anyone having pets that big, Keith interjected. 
Colt, who was still mystified at Thomas ability, uttered quietly to him, How did you do that? 
Im just good with pets, he responded. 
He was as secretive about his existence as they were about theirs and they respected that. Xavier introduced his wife, Victoria to his new acquaintances. Alexis took an instant liking to Thomas especially. She and every immortal in the room couldnt help but notice the similarities between him and her son. She almost felt as though he was some long lost brother of Xavier who returned home after many years. The feeling was so bizarre because she had only known Thomas for a couple of hours. But she learned right away that he was strong, like her son. 
	In another universe, the two would have been twins. But, Thomas would have been the older brother. Somehow, some way, he just exuded more maturity despite the fact that Xavier was over two hundred years old. They were the same height with a similar build. Both had bulging muscles to spare. And neither were huge conversation makers. However, Thomas just seemed to carry a tragic weight in the way he spoke and looked. There was more to him that met the eye. He suffered ordeals Xavier hadnt, such as his voice, which was never the same after what Lynette did to his throat. Kerri softly stood as close-up under him as she could without making her romantic intentions toward him too obvious. 
He complimented Xavier on his beautiful family. Alexis noted that she was glad her son had settled down. 
She said fondly, I know how hard that is for sons to do but, as you can see he finally listened to his mother. 
I know what you mean. I have one back at home thats pushing me to do the same all the time, Thomas divulged then concluded, well, thank you for your hospitality. Were most appreciative. 
Ill walk you guys to the door, Xavier offered. 
No bother-Ill do it. Kerri assured him as she walked slowly next to her brother. 
Its no bother at all sis, he retorted. 
She quickly reached out and pinched him on his waist-hard. 
I said Ill do it, she commanded. 
Ouch! Ok, God! He flinched in discomfort. 
Thomas was the last to leave as she guided him to the door. Even Victoria wondered what was going on with her sister-in-law. She had never known Kerri to be that hospitable to outsiders. She knew this from firsthand experience when she and Xavier fell for each other. Thomas and Kerri made small talk. She walked as slowly as she could so the time she had left to chat with him would last as long as possible. She stretched every minute-every second with him. When they reached the front door he thanked her for being so polite and so helpful. 
He held onto her hand and mentioned with a slight grin, By the way-nice shirt. 
She was not as embarrassed as she was jubilant inside. He did notice her awesome body and perfect curves after all. He turned and flung his long majestic coat around and walked away. She was delighted. She bit her lower lip softly and leaned against the door way and watched him walk down the footpath that lead to the cul-de-sac where his car was parked.
	The next morning at the hotel, Thomas received a call from Alexander whose room was just a few doors down from his. He was served a summons by an Attorneys office via the court. Commissioner Winston was also called to attend. Eva hired her long time, high powered attorney Mitchell Degrossi, to represent her and Kathleen to fight extradition back to St. Viktersburg. 
She was not just a pretty face with a drop dead gorgeous body. She was smart and decided to beat Alexander at his own game. They had to appear before a judge later in the day who would decide the polices request to take the Sandagauls back home. He explained all of this to Thomas and for a while, their plans to solve the emergence of new night creatures had to be halted. From a legal stand point they needed more evidence up to that point. Shawn was especially angry about the entire process. At 2:00 that afternoon, they accompanied Alexander to the First District Court of New Holland City. Although Hunters, they simply attended as witnesses to the case. Thomas was attacked personally by the creatures and had a right to be there in the interest of the St. Viktersburg Police. 
	Mitchell Degrossi was one of the most expensive attorneys in the city. When Alexander and the others arrived, Commissioner Winston explained the whole affair to him. Eva claimed that she and Kathleen had been hounded out of St. Viktersburg. The judge, Jack Hess, just happened to be the same judge that Eva and her husband supported for years. He was from their home land-Germany. To expect him to rule the case objectively was like asking the world to turn backwards. 
They arrived early and waited inside the empty courtroom. A few minutes later the doors opened and in walked Eva with Kathleen by her side. Mr. Degrossi walked behind them. She strolled down the aisle like she had the power to destroy them with just one look. Her arrogance was apparent and unmistakable. Her attitude reminded the Hunters of a vampire who had that same type of arrogance-Lynette. The difference is that she had more reason to be because she was way above a gargoyle and so was her power. 
The court officers who entered before the judge stopped in their tracks just to watch this wondrous, female enter. Dressed in a long, black velvety dress that bulged with every skin tight curve, her body moved in perfect harmony with itself. More so than just her body, was the way she strode. She was born with it. She had the kind of walk that no other woman could duplicate. Her body not only moved, but hypnotized and communicated the sexy vibes it gave off. Sometimes, men would simply walk, run and drive into poles and other cars on the street when they saw her. She launched accidents where ever she went. 
The Hunters knew that she was more an illusion of whom and what she really was. They knew she was ugly inside and out when she showed her true colors. Alexander remembered how her sexual spell hog-tied his own men when he first questioned her. He himself slightly fell victim to the beauty of her spell, which seemed unparallel to any woman he had ever laid eyes on.
	The court session was short and almost over before it began. The District Attorney was Vladimir Heskell. He was the young nephew of Alexe Heskell, who helped Martinique Brawlazinski in the War between the Goths five years earlier. He argued that extradition back to St. Viktersburg should have been granted since the District Attorney in that city filed the proper papers and proved that there was sufficient evidence to at least remand Eva and Kathleen for questioning. Judge Hess disagreed. No surprise there. He had a thing for Eva, which grew from the first time they met. What man in her past didnt? But they were fools. She simply used them. As evil and dangerous as she was, she was fully faithful to Vondell. She only had eyes for him. No other man on the planet even mattered to her. 
	Near the end of the session, arguments became very testy between the judge and Alexander and just seemed to escalate. Judge Hess ruled that Eva and Kathleen couldnt be extradited until someone brought him proof beyond a reasonable doubt that she or her daughter were involved or connected to the homicides. He also scoffed at the notion that they were on the heels of an epidemic of carnivorous beings that had an appetite for human flesh. Insulted, Thomas went to pull his pistol and bury a bullet between his eyes. Thank goodness Shawn, knowing his best friend, quickly grabbed his hand and prevented his weapon from exiting the holster. 
The answer to every problem is not to blast someone, he quietly told Thomas. 
Its not? Thomas answered as he rolled his eyes away impatiently. 
Judge Hess stated that what took place in St. Viktersburg wouldnt necessarily spill over into New Holland. While he acknowledged the fact that vampires awakened the world to their hellish existence, he stopped short of admitting that the horrible events that occurred there could happen in his city on a large scale. When asked about the specifics of the case concerning the so-called creatures, as he remarked, Alexander refused to discuss his case with anyone outside the investigation. Judge Hess noted that Thomas and the others with him were not law officials. Alexander shot back and said that they were witnesses who were attacked and had also ridded dark scourges from their city years earlier. 
	Eva and her family were yet to be proven as instruments of death. Despite that, the Hunters knew that the unseen evidence to the court was inescapable. Her husband was a man-eating ghoul who for years gorged himself on men, women and children-indiscriminant of their ages, race or families pain. Judge Hess stipulated that Eva had to remain in New Holland and be available for questioning when the police needed her. He had her surrender her passport. He ordered her not to leave the city limits until another hearing was convened which would determine if the police had new evidence that would require her to go back with Alexander.  
He didnt put any restrictions on Kathleen. Reason being was that she was a teen and her educational needs had to be addressed. And he reiterated twice that he hardly thought that a high school female could consume people. He refused to interrupt her school life and so she was free to go back if she chose to. His order also included Brice. In other words, hands off Evas children in the eyes of the court. Judge Hess was playing games. He only required Eva to remain in the city for his own selfish reasons. He thought this would give him time to work on her romantically in the hopes that a relationship would develop between them. 
He was as crooked as they came but there were a small number of judges like him. After Xavier and the Ostrogoths put the fear of God into Prime Minister Romanski and those under him, judges were especially leery of their safety if they stepped out of line. After a few minutes, Alexander knew he was talking to a brick wall, but voiced his displeasure before he left, despite Judge Hess ruling and adjournment of his court. 
After he struck his gavel ending the session, Alexander let lose.
 Your honor, Kathleen is at the very heart of this investigation! 
Then until you get more evidence I suggest you find another heart, Judge Hess replied sarcastically.
	Aware of his close ties to Eva, Alexander pushed back. 
 There are dangerous beings in this city, whether you like or not. 
I hardly think so. You yourself said that vampires for the most part, were almost hunted into extinction in your city. Besides, this is New Holland. Dont forget, we closed off this city from top to bottom when all of you were cursed with those things. 
Oh we do remember, Alexander with a nasty voice. 
I dont think I care for your tone or insinuations Commissioner. Ive made my ruling. 
Alexander forced the issue as Eva looked on with a smirk. 
We live in gothic times-in a very gothic world. We know that despite the denials of those who stick their heads in the sand that what seems impossible often is possible. The revelation that shook my city and the world proves that. 
He slowly approached the bench as his intensity increased.
 Because our part of the world has a dark season unlike any other-anywhere else, there is and always will be a sinister presence in our society-vampires or otherwise. These forces manifest themselves in many forms. Theyre not always easy to dispatch. We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. 
His growl and accusatory tone described Judge Hess all over and that frightened him. This made him nervous and indignant. 
Step away from my bench or Ill hold you in contempt and have my officers put you behind bars for so long that youll be a hundred before you see daylight again. 
Shawn lost it and approached the bench and stood next to Alexander. 
You can try if you want to judge but I dont think he feels like being arrested today. If you want to send your so-called big bad court police over here to give it a shot go right ahead. But, I promise you, itll be their funeral and then yours.  No one, but no one, not even a judge threatens the police Commissioner of St. Viktersburg. 
Shawn flung his coat back and got ready for a gun fight. Judge Hess face turned white as a ghost. He knew he had made a grave mistake. If there was a confrontation, he would be the first to die. Thomas and the others drew their guns and got ready to blast away. The court officers had the same reaction the judge did. They swallowed hard with nervousness. Somehow they knew that the men dressed in black were not the kind of guys people wanted to mess with. 
Judge Hess stood up carefully and nervously whimpered, Th-This court is adjourned. 
He stepped away-slowly. He was terrified to make any sudden moves. His false bravado was exposed. He had never met a Hunter. He did on that day and he would never, ever forget.
	Keith looked over at the five officers. What are you amateurs looking at?! Either pull those guns or get the hell outta here! 
They flinched and then hurried out of the courtroom-hoping not to get shot in the back. Law and order only went but so far in the gothic world that Alexander spoke of. In reality, theirs was the mirror image of the Old Wild West in America during the 1800s-somehow displaced in the modern era. When the law fell short, as it often did, it was appropriate and necessary for men to take matters into their own hands and dispense justice regardless of the risk or opinions of others. Eva watched, but kept her cool and yet, was sorely impressed. She respected the fact that not even a judge could dare threaten her new enemies. She respected real men and the Hunters were as masculine as they came. They turned and headed out-passing Kathleen and Degrossi at the table. Alexander was the last to walk by and stopped momentarily to speak to her. 
 Nice move with the judge 
Im prepared to fight the legal way Commissioner. 
Im prepared to do whats legal also, and anything beyond that in the interest of public safety. By the way, hows the Count? Heard from him lately? 
She didnt get his comment and for a moment felt very uncomfortable. She wasnt sure what he meant, but he must have had a reason for making such a remark.  She drew a bad feeling from his words, which wiped the smirk off of her face. He struck a raw nerve and he knew that.
	Once they stepped out in the hall, Thomas pulled Shawn aside and spoke with him about his surprising outburst. Usually, Shawn had to be the one to stop him from going off on people. But to see him jump up and threaten to take out a corrupt judge and his court officers was a bit out of character for him. 
What was that about, besides that idiot threatening Alexander? Thomas enquired. 
He just got under my skin. Here we are with dead people all over the place and that jackass sits up there and plays games. Judges, ugh! In between slipping those stupid robes on and off they just waste our time while working as defense lawyers for every criminal that walks in off the street. We shouldve gotten rid of all of them right along with the vampires. Theres not much different between the two anyway, their all sadists. 
Cant argue with you there, Thomas agreed. 
I just kept thinking about that old couplemarried for decades, Shawn added. They never left one another-always there for each otherand to go out like thatto be eaten alive is just so wrong. They might as well have been thrown into a lions den. 
He shook his head in an attempt to understand then leaned back against the wall for a moment as he went silent. Thomas was speechless. 
Shawn let out a sigh. You know, that old couplethey had grand kids. They had sons and daughters who loved them. You know, the whole family was actually waiting to throw them a surprise anniversary party. Instead, the police show up at their door and tell them that those sweet, little old people are just more victims of what takes place during this cursed season. 
They remind you of your grandparents dont they? Thomas posed. 
They remind me of everyones grandparents, They died together andI dont know, I just think that no one, especially them, should ever have to go out like that.
A moment of silence followed.  Afterward, Shawn apologized. 
Im sorry I put you guys in that situation just now. 
Hey, dont sweat it. We had your back, Thomas insisted. 
Were you really going to blast the judge earlier? Shawn asked. 
Are you kidding me? I wouldve burned a whole in his tail the size of Russia. Thomas swore. Were Hunters-we dont mess around.
Truer words had never been spoken. Hunters didnt tolerate threats from anyone at any time. They were always ready for a gun fight or a confrontation at the drop of a hat. Judge Hess found that out in a hurry. Eva knew that she was now in a real conflict with dangerous people and her charms and spells wouldnt make any difference. The season was black and was about to get blacker and bloodier. 
CHAPTER EIGHT
	Filled with relief that the law was unable to touch her for the time being, Eva was free to finally contact Brice who was still laying low back in St. Viktersburg. She didnt have to worry about phone taps or her location being exposed. She defeated the police in their own forum-the legal one. She phoned and left a message informing him that they were all safe. She waited for him to return her call as she rode in the back seat of her chauffeured driven, silver Mercedes limousine. Kathleen leaned over, grabbed her mothers arm and rested on her shoulder. She then looked up at her and smiled. Eva kissed her on her four head.
My sweet-dont worry. They cant touch us, she promised. 
I hope Brice is ok, Kathleen murmured. 
Hes fine. Hes tough. Hell call me back as soon as he gets my message-when hes sure that its from me and not some trick to lure him out from wherever hes staying.
She ordered her driver to take them to one of her many homes located on the west side. Since she no longer feared the law she decided to stay in her favorite one, which was not the largest, but the most comfortable. She and Kathleen enjoyed the night even though it was day time hours. 
As they rode along the streets they stopped for a red light. Eva spotted a quaint jewelry shop on her right. She saw a wonderful looking, old-world style necklace in the window. Her heart soared with excitement. She thought the piece would look great on Vondell. She missed him so. Although they were separated for a short time, the stress she and Kathleen experienced made their time apart seem much longer. She instructed her driver not to move the car any further. He cautioned her that stopping in mid traffic could invite police attention and a ticket. The city was crowded and like any large metropolis, locating parking space on the street was extremely difficult at times. She told him to drive around the corner at the end of the block and find a parking garage if he had to. 
 They exited the car as their chauffeur drove off to locate parking. The store was actually owned by an old German couple who had been in the jewelry business for decades. Once inside, Eva greeted them in her native German dialect, which made her shopping experience there all the more enjoyable. She looked at a number of other jewelry pieces, but the gold necklace in the window was the only one that seemed to be perfect for Vondell. She paid them fifty thousand dollars for the item. Afterward, she held the necklace up to the light and smiled. She couldnt wait to see his face. She loved buying gifts for him. 
	During the half hour she was there, she purchased other jewelry-over two hundred thousand dollars worth. While the merchants gift wrapped her jewelry, Kathleen went to shop for some electronic devices and CDs in a music store next door. Eva felt like she was on top of the world again as she placed some of the incased gifts in her 1950s style pocket book. She appeared to be from another time. Although she lived in the 21st century, she resembled a 1950s, brunette bombshell. She was flawless. As she approached the door to leave her cell phone rang. She answered. Brice was on the other end. Her voice sprang to life with enthusiasm. Her eyes lit up like Christmas tree bulbs. She was so happy to hear his voice. 
Brice, how are you my son? Where are you? 
Im fine mom. I just returned home. Are you and Kathleen ok? 
Were fine sweetie, just fine. Hows your father? Tell him everything is alright and well be together here in New Holland real soon. 
She began to speak again when he cut her off. 
Mom please-just listen, he hesitated. Momhes gone. 
Evas brain couldnt compute what he told her. She was too excited and filled with anticipation for the reunion with the rest of her family. 
She ranted on, I dont understand what you mean? Where did he go? Did he leave town? Is he on his way here? 
Mom, please listen to me.  Something bad happened. Dadis gone. 
He struggled to finish as his emotions began to get the better of him. 
The police came right after you and Kathleen left. That Commissioner-Schroeder or whatever his name is-was here. After you left town, dad told me to stay away from the house until he contacted me. I hid out in one of our Condos in New Castle. When you called, I rushed home when you said he didnt answer. I found him inside. He was laid back on a chair. His head was blown to pieces all over the floor. 
The pain of his words shafted her straight through the chest. Her breath grew short. The ceiling was spinning around as she became dizzy. As the truth set in and clung to her brain, everything and everyone around her began to come to a standstill. Her life with him immediately flashed before her eyes. From start to finish, all the years they shared sped by like a fast forwarding movie reel. She was in such denial that her mind barely accepted what happened. Brice heard her voice flutter and tried his best to comfort her over the phone. 
Mom, pleaseplease dont cry. Her phone slipped down out of her hand and fell to the floor as she buckled over and held her stomach-as though someone had just kicked her. 
No! She cried out. 
She placed her free hand on top of the jewelry counter to hold herself up but the enormity of her distress was too heavy. Her legs weakened as she dropped to the floor and leaned against the jewelry case. She twisted the neck line of her dress within her hands as she held them close to her chest. The old merchants witnessed this and immediately hurried over to her. She broke down and cried silently over the loss of her first and only real love. Just then, Kathleen walked in and saw them comforting her in German. She was dumb founded and dropped her shopping bag. She demanded to know what was happening. After a moment of hesitation, Eva broke the news. The old German couple understood that the death of her husband was confirmed and their hearts went out to them. Kathleen immediately screamed out in anguish and denial. Her mother grabbed her. They sat on the floor and held each other and wept. Brices voice was heard over the phone as he called out for them. 
	Eva and Vondells love story was a tragic one. They couldnt phantom any transgression they had done to deserve the curse that was laid upon them. Unfortunately, she didnt have a choice but he did. Although she begged him to live on without her, he chose to walk on the dark side with her for the price of his soul. When he made that decision, he alone put the wheels in motion that ultimately led to his death. His choice put other innocent people at risk-people who were as innocent as they once were long ago. The cycle had to be broken sooner or later. Now, she was without her love, her best friend-her husband. 
Brice had to become the man of the family. Eva was unable to leave New Holland to attend to the arrangements. She could have tried, but didnt want to take that chance. She was aware that she was being watched by the police and their allies. One wrong move would have jeopardized her familys safety. Besides, even if she attended she was afraid that once she entered her home town, the police would refuse to let her leave again. She believed that any lawman who would dare harm her family would easily detain her no matter what the New Holland court stipulated. Despite her absence from school, Kathleen refused to go back to St. Viktersburg. Eva contacted the institution and explained as much as she could to the Superintendent who was surprisingly understanding and sympathetic. He offered to arrange for Kathleen to make up her school work in light of her fathers death. In reality, he was also somewhat taken by Eva. Not only that, the private school he presided over received more funding from the Sandagauls than any other family. 
Degrossi immediately rushed to St. Viktersburg and assisted Brice with all of the necessary arrangements with the proper authorities, who offered no insight into the Counts death. What would have been the point? Neighboring homes were far apart and their mansion was sound proofed from the inside out so no one heard the gunshot that executed him. His death was officially listed as a homicide with no leads or suspects. Eva already assumed that they were in on his death. She was wrong in one respect. Alexander was there, but Shawn was the executioner who sent him away to the afterlife. 
	She was paralyzed by her loss. For weeks the police and the Hunters attempted to keep up with her movements. She didnt make one wrong step and remained inside during her bereavement. The holidays were approaching. New Holland was not a place Thomas wanted to be in for Christmas. He desperately wanted to be home with his family. He became more fidgety as the season evolved. The case dragged on too long and October was nearly at an end. 
One week before Halloween, a creepy atmosphere always fell on both cities, but the veil of darkness was strongest in St. Viktersburg.  The men hunting their latest threat felt that same type of uneasiness in the nations capital-as though the feeling somehow, followed them from home. Halloween was a fun holiday but contained a real element of horror and danger if not careful. Unlike America and other places where the designated event was just a joyous distraction but not a legal holiday, Europe was the opposite. Halloween was a legal and official calendar holiday like any other. Certain gothic sects and Wiccans pushed politically and successfully had October 31st, instituted as a legal celebration back in the early 1940s.
	Unbeknownst to everyone, Brice remained close to home and began a slew of attacks on unassuming citizens. He waited until the night of Halloween. He knew that the police forces were usually very busy with all the calls they had to answer not only on that particular night, but Mischief Night as well. Between the wild parades, the parties, the drinking and other disturbances, they worked over time. They were always stretched to the limit and couldnt be everywhere. At the Reicloftz Gothic Cathedral, Brice stood on the ledge just outside the enormous bell tower. He looked up into the clear skies that were illuminated by the moon. Enough light was given to one side of the church while the other half remained in darkness. He stood in silence-his soul full of grief and revenge. He thought about his father. They were close, but he was gone now. He felt lost and aimless-so he waited and waited. Finally, the giant bell struck twelve at midnight. Mischief Night had passed into Halloween. 
He gazed up at stars and said passionately, This is for you dad.  
As the bell struck repeatedly, he screamed out and tore open his shirt-revealing his chest. He was drowned out by the noise of the bell, the worlds largest, which weighed over seven tons. His flesh transformed into the creature he was born as. He leapt off the ledge and searched out as many victims as he could. But he wasnt searching for human prey just to feed his eternal hunger. 
That night, he tore through the population with attacks for more reasons than that. He had an idea and a purpose. He lost his father but wasnt about to lose the rest of his family. He gave the law a chance to free his mother. Since her release hadnt taken place soon enough for him, he had no choice but to take matters into his own hands regardless of the cost. He was going to New Holland. Although Eva told him to stay away, he disobeyed. No one, not even the judicial system was going to restrict her in anyway. She missed the burial of her husband and that alone was enough to push him over the edge. 
	Two days after Halloween, Kathleen was upstairs in her room on the phone with a school friend who she was close to and understood how she felt. She lost her father to an illness two years earlier. What she and Brice did well in general, was to keep their social life separate from their alternate life as carnivores. When their hunger became intolerable, they always attacked and killed people completely out of their circle of friends and associates. This was the very first lesson they learned as gargoyles. Doing otherwise only left a trail that could eventually lead back to them and what they really were. 
Ghouls on the other hand, were a different story. They not only imbibed on human flesh but had a natural urge or need to cook them before hand. Unfortunately, this gruesome and terrible act involved taking chances, the biggest of which meant bringing fresh corpses back to the home they resided in. Eva tolerated this type of risk and weakness out of her love for Vondell. 
That evening, Eva received an unexpected and secretive visit from Judge Hess. She was to say the least, surprised and annoyed. He noticed the look on her face after her servant summoned her. She was stressed out. She came downstairs and met him at the entrance. He immediately asked her what was wrong. She simply claimed that she felt a little under the weather. She knew he always wanted her and was not in the mood for any of his lovey dovey remarks or his attempts to hit on her. He may have been a friend, but thats all he was. She only used her mesmerizing sexuality on him for her own advantage. He was, to be polite, a disgusting physical specimen. He was about six feet tall, bald and fat in all the wrong places. He had a belly that hung over his belt so far that he couldnt see his own toes unless he had a mirror. He was a clean man and well dressed, but compared to Vondell, who had a great physique, Judge Hess was a hippopotamus. He was not someone a woman wanted to be touched by. He resembled a giant, white pig as far as she was concerned. 
	She didnt mention Vondells death to Him. The last thing she wanted was for him to think that she was available. And she didnt want any sympathy hugs or any other physical contact with him in any way. She never invited him to sit down and simply asked him why he showed up at her house unannounced. He expressed that the hearing to determine her case was set for the following morning. Of course, she already knew that by way of her attorney. He claimed he just wanted her to know that he was going to do all he could to make sure she won the case. 
He stepped forward and told her that he knew how badly she wanted to get back home to her family. He also whispered that she could ice her case against the police if she was a little friendlier. She belted out a laugh to offset the volcanic rage inside her that nearly exploded all over him. She took a deep breath and warned him that the best move he could ever make was to leave immediately. She also told him that she didnt sleep with swine. And to add insult to his wounded pride and ego, she told him that he would be better suited to sleep with the hogs or elephants at the zoo. She proceeded to laugh at him in such a loathing manner that he felt inhuman-like a naked man surrounded by thousands of people. He was embarrassed and hurried toward the door. Before he left he made a one last remark.
 I guess this means our friendship is over. 
She stopped laughing for moment.
 You fool, we were never friends, and continued to laugh him out of the house. 
His manhood was shaken and taken away. All those years he assumed she found him attractive because he was a judge. She burst his illusion about their relationship. The poor idiot, he never knew how close he came to being chomped to pieces when he propositioned her.  She held herself in check and tolerated all of what she was dealing with for her childrens sake. Vondell was dead and if she sought revenge too soon while under surveillance then her life and their stability would be in chaos. They would become even larger targets than they already were. She was afraid not for herself, but for them and thats why she attempted to fight her persecutors legally. That way, they would be forced to leave all of them alone once and for all. She and Vondell made a life for themselves and didnt want their kids to live on the run from the law or even worse-vampires, as they once did. That type of life was torture. She and Vondell endured enough of that when vampires in Germany placed a death sentence on all gargoyles during their conflict. However, her patience had grown thin.
	The next morning she appeared in court. Degrossi wanted all restrictions on her lifted and thrown out since there was no proof against her. Judge Hess presided over the short, yet, tension filled proceeding. He asked the D.A. if he had new evidence that would give him cause to return Eva to St. Viktersburg. He had none. Still, he reluctantly revealed that a blood sample taken from her home matched the blood sample of a homicide victim. He insisted he didnt release the information earlier because they had to wait on DNA test to confirm their finding without a doubt.  Actually, he kept that secret because a whole new set of questions wouldve arisen about the death of Vondell, which took place while they were present. However, on the issue of the blood sample, Judge Hess surprised everyone and ruled that that evidence alone was enough to extradite her for questioning.
His decision angered Eva, who gave way to an outburst of insults, to which Judge Hess warned she would be locked up for if she didnt keep quiet. Degrossi argued that since the police didnt present the evidence at the first hearing, their new revelation after the fact made their discovery suspect. He concluded that their timing was very convenient. He also stated that the evidence could have easily been planted by the police. Alexander took great exception with his remarks. He plainly stated that he was not in the habit of framing people for crimes they didnt commit by falsifying evidence. Judge Hess agreed. 
Eva shouted, Fools! All of you! 
She turned to Judge Hess and began to rant.
 And you! Youre the biggest fool of all. Just because I wouldnt let a pig like you crawl into my bed and touch me with your filthy hooves!
Thats enough!
 He screamed and banged his gavel repeatedly. 
I spit on you and your judgment! She sneered. 
Youre in contempt, and if you dont shut your mouth Ill throw you in a cell so long that when you get out youll have wrinkles! 
Degrossi tried to get her to be quiet, but she kept on.
 Why dont you tell them how you came to my house yesterday and tried to use this hearing as way to get me between your sheets? Im sure the judiciary committee would love to hear about that! 
How dare you stand in my court room and make up lies about me. 
He turned to the court officers. 
 Lock her up! Maybe sixty days in jail will cool her off. 
They approached and reached for her arms in order to take her away. She turned around with her back facing the bench with a look of total defiance. She peered into their eyes as hers became completely black and glossed over. 
Touch me and youre both dead men. 
Her voice, accompanied by her eyes, had so much power and command that they were afraid and immediately backed away. They allowed her to walk freely with them to the building that housed female prisoners. Thomas and Alexander witnessed how she intimidated those who threatened her and they were impressed as well. No normal woman could do that.
	They had no idea what had taken place. Alexander scratched his head and wondered what was going on. No matter which way one spelled it, the word came out the same way, corruption. Judge Hess said that as soon as her sixty day sentence was up, they could take her back to St. Viktersburg. He wasnt deceiving anyone. He was glad to lock her up for contempt. In his numb filled brain he actually thought that he could even use her jail sentence as leverage to get her to sleep with him. But, for the time being, he was too afraid to approach her because of the great embarrassment he was subjugated to. He thought for sure that after a day or two, she would eventually send for him and renew that idea. 
Alexander and the others were frustrated. He went down the street to visit Commissioner Winston and discuss the case and the weird verbal altercation that transpired between Eva and Judge Hess. For hours she sat in her cell. During the early morning, the night skies always broke to allow a half hour or so of daylight to peek through-just barely. She was in a serious predicament. If the skies became too bright she would freeze right in her cell. All she could do was hope that the day hours remained dark enough as not to affect her biological system. If not, she was prepared to escape and take her chances. The later into the season, the more the permanent night time hours became the norm. The Hunters went back to their hotel. They didnt know exactly how to proceed since Evas life was at a standstill. They werent sure whether to go back home or try to give Judge Hess a day or two to reconsider his position.  
	Kathleen was very distraught over her mothers incarceration. Her first reaction was to head downtown to the jail and bust her out and tear anyone who got in her way to pieces. Eva forbade her to do so. She visited her the very next day. The female guards found Kathleen mysteriously flawed somehow, even though she was a perfect copy of her mother, except she was whiter in complexion. She gave them the spooks by the way her deep, black eyes starred into theirs as they accompanied her on the elevator up to Evas cell block. They felt as though she viewed them as lunch and that made them very uncomfortable. 
Despite being impetuous, Brice needed to restrain himself at least until November 21st. That was three long weeks away. He called Eva to let her know that he would be there to see her on that specific day. She was optimistic and assured him that she would be out by then and not to worry. She refused to apologize to Judge Hess. Degrossi told her she would serve anywhere from five days to four weeks behind bars but no more. He knew Judge Hess very well professionally and that was the usual amount of time people served for contempt.
Eva was not a weak woman. Being behind bars didnt shake her in the least. If she really wanted to cause death and mayhem and depart from her surroundings, she could have very easily. Unfortunately, her family and their way of life were on the line, which was slowly unraveling because of her husbands risky behavior and Kathleens inability to control the hunger of the monster inside her. 
	Alexander headed back to St. Viktersburg at the request of the Mayor. Bad acts always took place on Halloween. This time, there was a striking difference. Hoards of people had shown up at the hospitals all over the city with claw like cuts across their body- mainly the torso. Those who were attacked were too horrified and in shock to even think about reporting what happened to them. This was Brices work. There was no telling how many men and women he assaulted. He took out his anger on mankind over the treatment of his mother and the murder of his father. He loved his family and he was just as heartless and dangerous as they were. 
Alexander was highly irritated. He pleaded with Thomas to remain in New Holland until his return, which would be a few weeks since Eva was safe in jail. He left Captain Bill York in charge of the case on his behalf. Afterward, he boarded a train with a host of escorts and policemen that same evening. He worried that the homicides that took place earlier was the beginning of another type of dark epidemic. On top of that, he had to fight and contend with the poor cooperation of the court to nail Eva or her daughter. 
Thomas and the majority of the men he arrived with remained in the capital to make sure their problem didnt get out of control.  Shawn informed them that no matter how cool or how calm people may have seemed, sooner or later, the fiends had to attack due to their nature. For those on the outside looking in, New Holland was deceivingly, a beautiful place of peace just before a great storm
CHAPTER NINE
	All those involved in the operation to destroy all monsters in New Holland wanted to get done and get back home before Halloween arrived. Instead, they remained in New Holland until late November-close to the Thanksgiving holiday. Thomas contacted Xavier and asked him where the best and worst neighborhoods were located. He needed to get a familiar feel for his surroundings. If the situation became dicey in pursuit of someone, they needed to know what to expect in neighborhoods they were strangers in. 
Xavier offered to meet and show him around the areas he and his family battled in just a few years earlier. They met half way between the hotel and the palace. They all gathered on the steps of a music center further uptown. 
Xavier was accompanied by seven Skeletons. Three rode with him and four in a second car that followed. Being accustomed to the dark season all ones life had a very interesting and profound effect on the mind. Despite being close to 10:00 at night, Thomas just didnt feel tired and he should have, considering what was going on. 
Residents often found it extremely difficult to feel that time was actually moving. Once people, particularly visitors, entered the winter season in Europe, the powerful influence of the time zone swallowed them up. For those who lived through the season every year, the atmosphere was always the same. Somehow, the constant darkness made them feel that the world stood still. Often, 10:00pm felt the same as 7:00 in the morning. The only time people felt they should have been tired is during the brief daybreak in the early morning hours. Otherwise, their internal body clocks were all re-aligned to adjust with the movement of the earth, which brought them all into one with their surroundings. 
	Eight Hunters went out to meet the Nokovics. Once Thomas car was spotted, Xavier stepped out of his and walked around to greet him with a hand shake. The two really respected each other. For all his power, he especially found Thomas extraordinary ability fascinating. As they walked back to the passenger side of his car the rear door opened. To Thomas pleasant surprise and delight, Kerri stepped out. Since his face rarely had much expression, Xavier observed their eyes when they saw each other. They lit up deep inside and everyone there saw not just a few sparks, but a full blown inferno that engulfed them. If their passion was any hotter they would have needed a water hose to cool them off. His eyes couldnt resist the wondrous vision he be held. 
She was dressed differently than the first time they met. Back then, she was dressed for battle. This time she was dressed for appeal. Her pointy, buckled, black, pump boots hugged her ankles as did her pants. They stuck to her legs and thighs and perfectly rounded hips so well that he could hardly see a wrinkle anywhere. She wore a see-through blouse with thick velvet sections that covered her breast area and torso. The rest was clear material from the chest on up including the arms. Accompanied with that was a sexy, gothic, high collar jacket that stopped at her waist. She carried her gun in an inside holster as well. As he gazed at her from the bottom to the top, he struggled to remember when he had seen a more stunning woman. Her full red lips were a sexy contrast to the black that surrounded her. 
Her eyes smiled at him along with her lips as she greeted him. Her hair was long and hung all the way down to the lower small of her back. Her lengthy strands were parted from one side-the rest fell to the front of her face. She was unable to read his mind unless he allowed her to. Fortunately for her, there was no need. The look in his eyes told her all she needed to know.  In an instant, he lowered his mental wall as he reached to shake her hand. She quickly realized that and seized the opportunity. 
How are you Kerri? Its nice to see you again. 
As he spoke she simultaneously read his thoughts.
 You are too glamorous and for words to describe, he contemplated to himself. 
And with that notion, he sealed up his mind again. All that took place in just a moment. When she received his unspoken compliment, her breath was taken away. The Skeletons were a gassed.  Kerri was pretty, but they always thought of her as kind, yet, tough, cold inside and unapproachable. Their thought patterns were in complete disarray, including Xavier and Colt. They knew she fancied her new acquaintance, but didnt realize how serious she was.
	O-k, how about we try to show you around town a bit, Xavier offered. 
Sure thing, Thomas replied. Kerri looked down to the ground, gently brushed a few strands of her hair behind her ear with her fingers and blushed.
Thomas suggested that they switch riders. He, Xavier and Kerri rode together. Shawn rode with Colt and his men. They drove around and visited the grittier parts of town. Xavier also changed his total view of male mortals. Hed never met one like Thomas. He wondered how much greater his people wouldve been if the two were allies centuries earlier. 
After a few hours, they all decided to return home. However, Kerri wasnt tired and she refused to wait for another opportunity that would bring them all together again. She ordered two of her subjects to guard them from a distance while she pursued time with the man she was falling for. Xavier knew when to get lost but instructed her to call if she needed him. She was still his sister and he didnt know Thomas all that well-not enough to trust him or anyone else loosely with her safety. She insisted that she just wanted to get to know him only because he was a superior mortal. She pretended that she wanted to ascertain if more like he and his men existed, but Xavier didnt buy that in the least, despite her protests. Finally, they had a chance to talk to each other-alone for a change. She felt herself descending ever deeper for him. She didnt have the strength to resist the same type of attraction she criticized Xavier for years earlier when he fell in love with Victoria, who at the time of their encounter, was a mortal-so they thought.
	A few days after she and Thomas spent some real time together; Pessia and Danielle took their turn to spend the entire day with her. They always had a special day with her every week. She took them anywhere they wanted to go. They sometimes stayed over at the palace so Xavier and Victoria could have some time alone. Heaven knows they needed a break. Both girls were a hand full for any parent-immortal or otherwise. To say that Kerri was caught in emotional turmoil was a huge understatement. 
On Sunday morning, she brought the twins back to the palace for the weekend. They followed her everywhere and usually slept with her when they stayed over. She was as close to a second mother as they could possibly have. Lately, she thought about her own future. Maybe the time had come for her to make a change. Her maternal instincts were awakened by the birth of her nieces. Both girls were spoiled rotten by her and she hated to part with them whenever they stayed over. As a member of the Ostrogothic High Council, there were duties she had to fulfill. 
Her people had grown from six hundred thousand in New Holland to sixteen million immortals in the United Kingdom in five years time, and still growing rapidly. Their Kingdom was enormous within the City of New Holland. They abided by the law, but had their own community and their own laws. And they executed those laws when the outside civil codes fell short. As an officer, she was Head Speaker of the General Assembly. She presided over all the measures and rules of the Goths and dealt with any new amendments or eliminations of laws or ordinances that governed them. Her position was equivalent to the House Speaker of a congress, only much more powerful and prestigious. There were always issues that needed her attention.
	She often did a great deal of work in her newly adjoined apartment quarters while she entertained her nieces and friends. Danielle and Pessia horsed around with Max and Gabriellas humongous tiger while she completed some last minute business on her laptop. Josh and Melinda were Gabriellas nephew and niece. They were the same age as the twins and were close playmates. They didnt live in the palace, but always spent the weekend there when Danielle and Pessia came over. Those poor animals were no match for the four of them. They rode them, chased them, and yanked at their tales and anything else they could do to amuse themselves. 
Kerri often laughed as she watched them from her desk. On one occasion, a solemn moment overtook her as she starred at them while they frolicked around her apartment. She saw herself in them. She remembered how far she had come over the centuries from the time she was their age. Her smile lessened the more she thought about how long and hard her journey was. As weird as this may sound, she wished she couldve been ten years old again. Life was so much simpler then. She envied them and yet, felt sorry for them because of what they didnt realize. They didnt know that their days as children would be the happiest, carefree, secure and most precious they would ever know. Once those days passed them by, they would be gone forever. They would never again repeat themselves. 
Happy memories from her past flowed back to when her, Darcia and Gabriella were little. 
How sadhow sad it is that children have to grow up, she thought to herself.
Growing up meant that there was always a chance they could end up like her deceased cousin, Anthony. Thats what made getting older so unpleasant to her. Children learned how to become what adults ended up being-tainted by lifes surroundings. And what they picked up often led down a path to their own destruction. All the uncertainty about life and children always made her hesitant about starting a family. When she saw how corrupt Anthony became, her fear doubled, which made her reluctant to bring a child into the world.
	She dated a number of immortal and mortal men in the earlier centuries that were all from her community. From the time she was a teen she had boys vying for her affections. As she matured, the less she searched for that perfect immortal to marry. There were a special few over the years that she considered. For one reason or another they all lacked that something that made her heart race-that bolt of lightning-that rush that flowed through her soul. The main reason there were considerable intervals between men wasnt because she was undesirable-she was and just as much if not more than the other females. She was the daughter of a queen and early on was next in line to rule. This made her a target for power hungry men. They were more interested in obtaining authority by marrying her. She rarely found a man whose heart was pure and his motives sincere. 
When she approached her early twenties, her ability to read the mind of others kicked in. Thats when she began to see peoples true colors. She inherited this particular gift from her mother, who advised her to keep it to herself. Unlike other people who involuntarily read the thoughts of others, she, Alexis and a few other fellow Ostrogoths could easily turn theirs on and off at will. Her ability became such that she chose not to read the thoughts of others and hope for the best. Unfortunately, she usually discovered the worst in their mind and their hearts. Men desired her physically, but wanted the power of her mothers throne and the royal status much more. 
	Saddened and discouraged, she gave up the search for a husband by the time her people settled in New Holland at the beginning of the 21st century. She never thought of looking outside her immortal counter parts. Since she hadnt found an honest, selfless man among her own kind, she was certain she would never meet one anywhere else. In addition, they were weaklings compared to her. That alone was a hurdle she never could fully over come. For a while, all these factors made her cold and unapproachable to men in gothic society. Conceding the search for true love broke her heart, especially when so many other people found it. Men always wanted something from her other than her love.
	Thomas Dikane on the other hand, was different than any creature she had ever laid eyes on. Her mystical allure was natural and inescapable to ordinary humans. Her sexual pull was supposed to turn his head inside out. Instead, the process happened the other way around. She felt as though he had put a spell on her.  
Over the course of three weeks, they met more often as they policed the city to make certain the case concerning the gargoyles didnt worsen. Their relationship progressed slowly and frankly, Thomas wasnt sure he wanted to go any further romantically. He didnt want to get involved and then watch their attraction fade away once he left town. He was concerned that like so many other women hed met, he would be out of sight and out of mind once they parted. After all, he wasnt the only rich, single man around. He was wrong about her, but didnt know that. At night she lay in bed and thought about him to the edge of obsession. Each time she fantasized about the two of them together, her heart pumped almost uncontrollably, her blood rushed through her body with a hungry sensation to have him next to her. She had to have him. She didnt care whether he was an immortal or not. 
Whats happening to me? She questioned herself one night in bed. 
She was unable to shake her feelings as though she were some adolescent who found the boy of her dreams-only her boy was a man. There was nothing sissy about him in any way. If there ever was a gothic version of a young John Wayne, he was it. And to describe how bad she wanted him even caused her to abandon her practical way of thinking. For instance, she actually felt guilty because she wished the case involving the gargoyles would drag on. That way he would have to remain in town, which meant theyd have more time together. Furthermore, he was successful and as she discovered early on, possessed more power than she could ever handle. That alone cemented her lust and desires for him. As everyone knew, Kerri loved strong men, but not just physically. Even more important, she loved men who stood for something-men with principles who never, ever apologized for them. That to her, was real strength. The world was full of men who could perform amazing, physical feats. But when it came to principles or depth, they were as weak and useless as garbage. Not even she was that shallow. She never equated great looks, a cheap smile or power with the one attribute that a lack of principles left men without-heart.
	Nearly four weeks passed and Alexander was still in St. Viktersburg. Just days before Thanksgiving, Kerri invited Thomas to have dinner with her. He accepted, but seeing how deep they were into the winter season, he advised her to come well armed. He sensed tension in the air that made him believe trouble was about to strike sooner or later and he wanted to be ready. He also felt guilty about his friends being away from their families. Much to their discontent, he ordered all of them back home. There was a huge fight at the hotel between them. They refused to leave him alone in a place where danger was on the loose. 
Thomas contacted Dana a couple of days before and explained to her that he wouldn't be home for Thanksgiving. Instead, he promised to be there for the Christmas holiday no matter what. His entire family was disappointed, but they knew he always kept his word. On the other hand, his friends were enraged as they packed their clothes and boarded a train or their cars back home. They had no choice but to obey orders. He cared about them and decided that being absent from his family was a price he had to pay as leader. He told them they would be allowed back after three days. He knew that if he needed help, there was always a fresh set of men he could order from home to replace them. Shawn was able to convince him to allow at least one member to remain in town with him. He reluctantly agreed. They agreed on Kasey Woods, one of their newest men, to remain and be a second set of eyes. Before Shawn left, he pulled Kasey aside in the hotel lobby and made sure he understood the magnitude of his responsibility. 
Im only going to say this to you once. Your prime responsibility and single purpose in life from this moment on is to do any and everything possible to see that nothing happens to him. Do you understand this? 
I understand, Kasey acknowledged. 
No, do you understand?  He grabbed Kaseys forearm to get his point across. 
Hey, its ok. I have his back so dont worry. If a situation gets out of hand Ill be the first to call you, he promised Shawn. 
He loosened his grip on Kasey. Yeah, you just make sure you do, because he sure wont, Shawn complained. 
Kasey understood how much Thomas meant to all of them and how worried and angry they were because they were ordered home. 
	 The night was young and Thomas and Kerri went out together. Just the same, she kept her appointment with him a secret from everyone except Gabriella, her very best friend. She did that as a precaution. She told her who she was going to meet, and where in case of an emergency. Thomas instructed Kasey to remain near the hotel, but wouldnt need him. Captain York was still in charge by Alexanders authority in order to maintain an official presence for the St. Viktersburg Police. Both Kerri and Thomas just wanted to be out completely alone-no Hunters, no Skeletons-just them. That weather was cold and clear. More significant, was the full moon in the sky. It was the first one of the month since Halloween. 
They met at the New Holland European Museum Center, one of the largest in the world. The structure was beautiful and housed some of the most beautiful gothic and non-gothic art and historical artifacts ever assembled. This also included unknown, but infamous paintings and portraits as well as the most beautiful gothic photography in existence. The Museum covered one full city block and was also located a few blocks from the municipal district court building where Eva was being held. They walked and viewed all the displays until they decided to finally have dinner. While they dined, all seemed right with the world during their date. Events would unfold that would reveal more about them to each other than they ever suspected.
	They spent hours chatting and relaxing, which gave them a carefree sensation they hadnt experienced in quite some time. She found herself spilling much of her inner feelings about how she viewed life, world events and him in particular. Midnight came. The infamous bell of St. Danes Cathedral was heard in a distance. Twelve times the bell tolled and who it tolled for, was Judge Hess. 
The midnight halls of the detention center were peaceful and silent. Only the officers patrolled the floors that housed the prisoners. Judge Hess sometimes filled in for other judges during night court. The advantage of doing so allowed him to have two extra days off on any week of his choosing. After his last session was adjourned he retired to his chambers. He was not a man of great energy, but a man of great excess. He was a gluttonous, over drinking buffoon and that was about as close to sophistication as he came. He needed to take care of a little paper work, which would have only taken him ten minutes at the most. Instead, he had a big meal and drank a ton of wine that made him very drowsy, which was not unusual. At 11:45pm, he fell asleep in his chair. 
Inside the adjacent building next door, Eva stood up and looked out of the narrow slat she had for a window and saw the full moon. She had a weird look in her eyes. She heard screams coming up from the level beneath her. A presence had snuck up on the guards. The screams were very short and ended as suddenly as they began. She turned and went to her cell door and looked to her left and right. She heard footsteps and then saw of a host of guards run past. She wasnt sure what was happening, but every other female prisoner was at their cell doors and attempted to see what the commotion was about. Some of them were awakened from their sleep. The guards footsteps faded into silence. After a moment, a thunder of activity was heard along with the painful cries of the correction staff. 
Eva wasnt sure what was causing such alarm but her internal instinct suspected vampires. She was a sitting target-a risk she took for her children. She heard the steps of a heavy creature approaching. Vampires on occasion, and werewolves on every occasion, could transform themselves into gigantic creatures as well. The unseen menace smashed opened each cell one by one in search of someone. 
Meanwhile, Captain York received the news of the attack at the detention center from Commissioner Winston. He notified Thomas, who immediately apologized to Kerri because he had to end their date. To his surprise, she refused to leave and insisted on going with him. After a moment to think about her offer, he agreed. Eva wanted to leave legally and quietly, but because of the immediate danger, all bets were off.
	As footsteps approached her cell, she backed up slowly to the window and waited. Prisoners lucky enough to survive the destruction of their cells fled in horror as others cowered under their beds or on the floor in the corner against the walls. She tore open her prison suit and transformed into the monster that she was. Whether the intruder was a vampire or a werewolf outside her door, they were going to get a fight. Her chest pulled apart as her torso widened with the crackling of her bone re-structure. Her arms grew into muscles of iron. She let out a loud warning scream that shook the walls. Her wings curled inward because her room was too narrow for them to extend completely. 
A fist from the other side struck her door, which fell down off the hinges. Her mouth opened, revealing her razor sharp teeth. In walked a gargoyle, but not just any gargoyle-her son. He was there to break her out and take revenge on anyone who participated in his fathers death. She approached and put her mighty arms around him as her wings curled around both of them. When she and her son exited her cell, she was happy to see Kathleen, who was backed up by over two hundred fellow gargoyles that occupied the corridor. These particular man eaters were the people Brice cursed and marked with his infectious blood back in St. Viktersburg one month earlier on Halloween night. 
He had a small, new army made of flesh and stone. Up until the rescue of his mother, he had to wait for their transformation to take place. People who were attacked, infected and marked could only transform into one during the first full moon. Since Brice attacked and marked all of his victims on Halloween, he had to wait an entire month for the next full moon to come into formation since they only cycled around once a month. Once victims experienced their initial transformation, which they were powerless to stop, they could change at will from that point on. 
Judge Hess snored deeply in his plush leather chair. He failed to hear the commotion in the adjoined building. His door quietly opened as someone entered. The intruder watched in silence. He slowly woke from his nap with his hands folded across his round belly. When his eyes came into focus he jumped and wanted to scream at the horrible sight of a winged horror before him. On the other hand, His fear was so great that he was unable to utter a sound. He was too afraid. 
The Monster spoke to him.
 You shouldve freed me when you had the chance. 
The voice was strong and creepy as to defy description. He realized the monster was Eva. Before he could beg for his life, she jumped across his desk and surrounded him with her wings. He let out a scream, which was cut short as her mighty teeth clamped down and bit his head clean off. Blood spurted out and ran down the chair and onto the floor. She took her claws and sliced him in half as she continued to chomp pieces of him in two. Still, she didnt eat him. She found him so repulsive that even she; a massive, human eating machine, didnt swallow his blood or flesh. She refused to allow any part of him inside her body. Thats how disgusting she found him. 
Kerri left her car parked at the museum and rode with Thomas. When they arrived at the court building, the prison guards and court officers were running out and refused to go back inside. They were hysterical. Many officers were clawed to death. Others suffered wounds that looked as though they were cut open by a giant grizzly bear. They informed him that there were people still inside who were injured and others hiding for fear of their lives. He instructed Kerri to remain in the car, but she refused. She adamantly told him that she could take care of herself. She moved her coat aside. He saw the weapons she had and knew that arguing with her would be futile. 
The prison staff swore to Thomas and the authorities that there were huge, hideous things from hell inside. Thomas and Kerri entered the detention center and headed for the upper levels where the action was. Once they reached the third floor they saw the damage. They viewed a number of bodies-both prisoners and staff members. A lucky few were unconscious but most were already dead. Many of the officers never even had the chance to draw their weapons. Thomas was attacked by those two legged nightmares once before and was very careful as not to end up in their bellies. They didnt take the elevator because that would have been a death trap. They took the stairs but heard or saw no one. The building was quiet-too quiet. The cells looked as though they had been smashed open a giant wrecking ball. The staircase lights were dim and barely on. The corridors that housed the prisoners were completely empty. They remained close to the wall as they slowly made their way upstairs. This would prove to be a mistake somewhat. 
Both had their automatic pistols drawn and were ready to fire. She followed a few feet behind as they reached the top floor, which also contained maintenance and ammunition products for the correctional staff. They both halted and looked down to the other end of the hall. There was a huge window at the end of it, which gave a view of the building next door. The only sound they heard was water dripping from the busted pipes above them.
Without any warning, something began to appear though the wall behind Kerri-a gargoyle. The male species were more muscular than the females, which is how one could visually tell the difference between the two. In any event, she felt his presence and turned to fire, regrettably, a second too late. The animals tail uncoiled and swung at her legs. The sharp, serrated tip sliced through her boot and deep into her upper ankle as her gunfire struck him in the chest. He screamed, and faded back into the wall behind her as blood poured from his torso. A popping, sizzling sound was made as he re-converged with the concrete-much like the sound of a soda when poured into a glass full of ice. Thomas turned and fired off a few rounds as well. Once the gargoyle disappeared, the section he vanished into bled from mid way down to the floor. To see a wall bleed was new, even for him. She didnt scream but made a worrisome sound that expressed her discomfort. She slumped to the floor with her left leg useless for the time being. One fiend was shot but there were more to confront as they soon discovered. For a split second, he wondered if sending his friends home was a wise decision after all. Now, it was just him and Kerri. He knelt down to examine her wounded leg. 
Before he could assess the damage, she pointed to noises behind him.
 Look-on the outside of the window.
Immediately after she spoke, a great crash took place as a gargoyle on the ledge smashed the window to pieces with its fist. One flew and landed on the side of the window frame, which was at least ten feet across. One after another flew in and hovered inside and clung effortlessly on the walls and the ceiling. Others crowded around the entry point. Thomas turned around as he waited for them to make their move. After an uneasy pause, ear bursting howls echoed from them as they leapt forward and took flight-their sights set on him and Kerri. There was no way to out run them since she was injured. Leaving her was out of the question. However, he wasnt immortal. There would be no resurrection for him if he perished. She at least could shape shift through the wall and escape. Of course, so could they. But she worried more about him because he didnt have that particular ability, and yet, she couldnt bring herself to leave him there to die alone. 
She looked bewildered as the flying demons hurried toward them. Thomas eyes became glassy and cold as pure ice.  He kept his cool. Like the late Hunter Blake Irish, he never panicked. He always tried to think one or two moves ahead. When hoards of them reached halfway down the long corridor, he looked to his right and saw the electric box and cable line that protruded slightly out of the wall. The wires ran up the wall and powered all the lights on the ceiling. He smashed his right fist through the concrete wall and grabbed the black covered wires. He tore them out of the wall space. Electrical sparks flew everywhere as the lights on the ceiling flickered on and off. His hope was that the mystical marauders wouldnt be able to see in the dark as well as he could. He was right. 
Kerri sat between him and the wall. He was her only line of defense, which was just seven feet in front of her. The entire floor fell into complete darkness and utter silence. A few seconds later the passageway lit up with gunfire from two of his automatics. They attacked in large numbers in an effort to overwhelm him. Those who tried were struck and felled one, two, three and even five at a time. The first wave of twenty or more met a barrage of fire power from a master gunman. Another wave took flight as more flew in from outside. He fired over and over as they fell dead ever closer to him. When his pistols ran out he dropped them to the floor, took one step back, reached into his coat and pulled out two more. In the space of just a moment, he cocked them and continued to fire at will. His guns blazed away as the floor resembled an inside storm with flashes of lightening. The fall of so many heavy beasts sounded like rolls of thunder. 
Kerri watched as he stood his ground and never conceded another step. The echoes from his ammunition exiting the gun barrels were so loud that they were heard all the way downstairs on the street. After what seemed like a fire work display on the top floor, he ceased. The smell of gun powdered smoke and the stench of bullets burned into dead flesh suffocated the air. As if he had commanded them, the light unit above flickered and came back on. Before him, the group of gargoyles Brice brought with him was slain. Many were piled up on top of each other at his feet. He dropped the empty set of guns on the floor, reached into his coat-behind his waist and grabbed two more. He stood, aimed and waited, but no more entered. He surveyed the mountain of fresh copses that surrounded him. He put both weapons back in their holsters. 
He turned with an angry face and gazed down at Kerri. She was stunned at the look in his eyes. He had no fear, no anxiety and no doubt that he would destroy their enemies. She saw that he was intrepid and was ready to defend her to the death if need be. No man, other than her brother had ever done that. No man ever could-until now. He reached out his hand to her. She took it as he helped her up. She was settled in a pool of her own blood as she bled profusely from her badly torn leg. He scooped her up into his arms with great ease and carried her down the steps to the floors below. 
The lacerations on her leg were just above her ankle. Even worse, the bone was nearly severed. He hurried because he was afraid she would bleed to death. She assured him that she would be just fine. He thought she was delirious from blood loss. Her boot was shredded to pieces and hung together by a few strands of material. As blood flowed from her injury, they left a trail behind them. He reached the second floor as he urged her to hang on. 
Slow down, Ill be fine, trust me, she promised. 
How is that? He asked. 
Youll see in a few moments, she replied. 
She grew faint, and her breathing picked up. When they reached the lobby she told him to stop and look at her leg. He did and noticed that the bleeding ceased. His eyebrows dropped down in a frown of bewilderment. 
What theI dont get it, he claimed. 
She felt like a toy in his mighty arms and held on tight to his neck. 
Ill explain later. Lets just sayIm special, she said softly.  
He sighed with relief. Yeah, you sure are. 
The look of concern in his eyes overwhelmed her so that she couldnt resist her attraction for him any longer. She placed a couple of her fingers on his face and pulled him toward her. She placed her lips over his. She lost herself in a kiss that sped up her heart. She heard nothing around her except the sound of them breathing. Once she began, she refused to halt her blissful assault on his soft lips. Their tongues explored each others like a new world that had just been revealed to them. Time seemed to freeze during their moment. 
Afterward, He regrouped his thoughts and sat her down on the floor to check her leg more closely. Her wound was completely healed. There was no evidence that she had even received an injury. He tore away the parts of her boot that clung from her leg. He was amazed at what he witnessed. She found his reaction humorous. 
She buried her face into his neck and then chuckled.
 I have a few things to tell you, she said calmly. 
You think so? He reiterated. 
CHAPTER TEN
	Assisting police units soon arrived on the scene with an army of S.W.A.T. teams. Aside from taking aim and shooting their target, they would have been lost and defenseless against creatures with such magnificent abilities, which were unknown to them at that time. One common thread that connected all types of evil, no matter the form, was that they all had tricks and supernatural powers that enabled them to adjust to conditions when threatened. Take away the guns from the police and all their expert, tactical training and they were just as vulnerable and useless as a new born infant up against a gargoyle or a vampire like Lynette.
Thomas did what would have taken two S.W.A.T teams do to do and didnt bat one eye. When Commissioner Winston arrived he approached and briefed him on what he saw and the action he took. He also informed him that there were a lot of corpses on the top level.
The armed teams carefully snaked upstairs. They reached the top and found the floor littered with the huge carcasses of beasts they had never seen before. The sheer size of the famed monsters scared the living daylights out of them. The team Commander radioed back to Commissioner Winston downstairs and described the view. There was so much blood on the floor and stair case that led to the corridor that his men slipped and fell at times. 
How could one man cause so much carnage? He asked with wonder. 
Youd better come up here and see this or youre never going to believe me. Theythey look like something from hell. 
Thomas over heard him. Commissioner Winston, who stood next to him, clicked off the radio with a certain amount of fear in his eyes. He worried that what he was about to witness would give him nightmares. He reasoned that since such a man had slain creatures, which were that horrifying to look upon, he wondered how much more he should have feared the man who killed them. He began to wonder if Thomas himself was human. He exhibited so much fire power that the unmistakable smell of gun smoke was still on him. He was overcome with dread as Thomas stood with the look of death still in his eyes and on his face. If he hadnt known better, he would have mistaken him for the Grim Reaper himself. 
He took a deep breath, placed his radio receiver back in the car and announced, Ok, Here we go. 
He headed toward the steps that led inside the building. 
	As another law official approached him about what transpired Xavier and a host of Skeletons arrived. Kerri had phoned and filled him in on all the action. She instructed him not to tell Alexis. She didnt want her to bring her entire army downtown and cause any further confusion. She was fine and there was no need to involve her. Her mother was after all, a real worry wart. 
He walked up to Kerri amid thousands of flashing lights and a street clogged with emergency vehicles. She sat in the back seat of Thomas black sedan. She had one boot on-her other foot was completely exposed. The wind was awful that night. The gusts were as high as fifty miles per hour. She stood up and hugged Xavier and insisted that she was fine. Colt brought over an identical, replacement set of her gothic boots to wear along with fresh socks. She quickly put on her foot wear as she described in detail what led to the excitement that detonated inside the detention center. 
The media arrived later but were kept far away from the scene as the police roped off the entire block. After Kerri laced up her boots, she stood up and explained how they came to be the center of the present drama on hand. Thomas, a few car lengths away, had his back to them and was unaware that her family and friends were there; at least he didnt indicate such.
	Xavier asked her the same question-repeatedly.
 You mean to tell me that he took on all of those things by himself- with just his guns? 
She shook her head in confirmed, Yeah, all by himself. He stood in front of me-I was on the floor between him and the wall. He told me to hang on to my gun in case we were attacked from behind. Leaving or running away never entered his mind. If they wanted to get to me, they were going to have to go through him. And there were a lot of them. He used so much ammunition that it sounded like he had his own private war going on. Just before he turned to face them, there was thislook in his eyes. Its hard to explain. His pupils were likean icy black, like the look of glass or steel. Kind of like yours just before you raise hell. I knew then that he would never let them get to me. He stood his ground. He saved my life. He was fearless, death meant nothing to him. As long as I was safe, thats all he cared about. Honestly, you shouldve seen him. He was awesome. And theres another problem you need to know about. They can tunnel and move through stone just as easily as we can. Thats how I got cut-right down to the bone.  
She glared at him with great reverence as he stood like a god of war and invincibility. And yet he was so modest, so humble, so loyal and protective of someone he hardly knew in comparison to the time they spent together. That didnt matter. He protected the innocent no matter how brief he was acquainted with them. He cared about people as human beings and that quality swept her off her feet. His coat draped around and clung to one side of his body as the wind blew. At that instant, the revelation flowed into her mind, heart and soul that she was deeply in love with someone who was right for her. Unfortunately, he was not an immortal. Ironically, the Nokovic family found not viewing him as one very, very difficult because he was such a mighty man. 
	Xavier approached Thomas and thanked him for saving Kerris life. After expressing his appreciation the two men conversed for a few moments about the events that exploded.  He was glad and relieved to know that such a human was powerful and deadly enough to protect an immortal. Kerri had never really experienced a situation where she needed to be saved by anyone. To be able to rescue her, only reaffirmed how superb he was. 
As she and the other Skeletons looked on at the two supermen, their minds took a mental picture of them to remember for all time. They were two earthly princes. Xaviers power was physically and biologically based. Thomas power was physically and spiritually based. Still, the question of who was more powerful loomed in the minds of the Ostrogoths, but not the Hunters. They already knew who the strongest man was.
	Thomas called Alexander and brought him up to speed on the latest developments during his absence. He gritted his teeth in frustration. He knew that the Sandagauls were guilty of a crime if not directly responsible for all the recent string of killings in both cities. Now, the cat was out of the bag-so to speak. He assured Thomas that he would get back to New Holland as soon as possible. He promised the families of the victims that he would get justice for their loss-St. Viktersburg style. He owed them that and he was determined to make good on his word one way or another. 
The police and everyone who viewed the corpses were too horrified to even approach them. They were hideous, scary, ugly and grotesque. Many died with their eyes wide open. Some perished on their backs on top of a mountain of fellow creatures with their tongues hanging out of their mouths like dead dogs. Commissioner Winston requested the Governor to send a small military unit with trucks and other means to remove them.  He in turn, ordered all police personnel and those associated with the event into complete silence about what they witnessed under penalty of severe disciplinary action. 
He called downstairs and had one of his men put Thomas on the radio. He wanted his advice on how to proceed in removing the corpses. His answer was simple; cut them up into pieces on the spot. Afterward, haul their remains away and burn them. Or, they could simply wait until first light, which would make them even more problematic to get rid of. The military eventually came, but were so freaked out that one set of men pointed their rifles at the former flesh eaters while the others used chain saws to dismember them. As dead as they were, they looked as though they would jump up suddenly and attack. They were that spooky.
Kerri decided to let Thomas drive her home. Xavier ordered one of his men to pick up her car at the museum and meet them back home. Her date was a secret to everyone except Gabriella, who never told. She assured Xavier that Thomas would get her home safely. 
You like him, he stated before leaving.
Thats absurd, Kerri denied impulsively. 
Kerri, you like him-a lot. Ive known that since the first day you met him. If I know, then he knows. I know its killing you to follow my footsteps, but now you understand how I felt when I met Victoria. 
He leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.
 Dont worry. Its ok-Ive been there. No, hes not immortal, but I dont think hell hold that against you.
After teasing her, he squeezed her hand affectionately and then walked away. She was frustrated because she couldnt keep her feelings in check. Thomas asked her if she was certain she wanted him to drive her home instead of going back with her family. She insisted that she preferred to go with him. 
	As they traveled, he didnt say much at first. His mood was more reserved and tense.  He seemed to be in the process of coming down from his heightened sense of concentration he obtained in order to focus in battle. She decided to use the opportunity to make a confession.
 I guess I should tell you what happened back there with my leg. Im what you call an immortal. 
He glanced over at her with a slight grin as he drove, but remained silent. 
You dont seem surprised, she continued. 
 Ive met and fought immortals before, he elucidated, all of them vampires. If there are immortals that are evil, then it stands to reason that there are immortals that are good. In this world-this universe-there is always an opposite of everything. For every action, there is usually an opposite reaction. For every bad thing, there is a good thing. Just as I know with all my soul that there is a God who created heaven and earth, there is also an anti Christ who seeks to destroy everyone who believes in him. But, I suspected as much. Vampires heal very quickly. And I know youre not one of them. So no, Im not that surprised. 
After a pause she articulated, I wanted to tell you, but we do our best to keep our existence a secret from those outside our community. Needless to say, were not always successful. We do this for our safety. I think you understand that. You yourself are wrapped up in a life of secrecy. 
She took a breath and posed, Are you disappointed? 
No. Not much surprises me anymore. In fact, I stopped being surprised five years ago. 
He paused and then continued, Soyou can live forever. 
We can, but were not totally invincible even though we have amazing powers. Were immune to all diseases and viruses. Were extremely strong and other than our head, we can regenerate our cells and re-grow lost limbs. 
And you never grow old, he added. 
Im afraid not. The oldest we ever appear to be is thirty or thirty-five years old. 
I know asking a woman her age is a no, no, but how old are you? 
She exhaled a short laugh.
 Lets just say Im over two hundred years old, and that Im Xaviers older sister. 
He stopped at an intersection for a red light. He looked over at her and complimented, Well, you carry your age well. You dont look a day over thirty. 
Thank you, she reacted with a picturesque smile. 
He proceeded to drive once the traffic light changed to green. He turned his windshield wipers on as rain began to fall. The wet and windy weather outside the car made for a dry, cozy and romantic surrounding inside. He finally posed a realistic dichotomy to their situation. 
Well, Im not an immortal, and we do grow old. So, I guess that makes the circumstances between us kind of interesting dont you think? 
She sighed because she had no answer for him so he filled in the silence.
 Id say youre people and family in particular, are not accustomed to being involved with types likeus.
Youre exceptionally perceptive, she expressed. How did you know? 
I picked up on that when I met some of them at your home, along with the looks I got from some of the men in your squad. I figured that being from a royal family you were probably obligated to marry one of your own people.
I marry who I want and I fall in love with who I want, she contended. 
I like women that are strong enough to make up their own mind-go their own way. But, that doesnt change the fact that in this case, just being strong cant cover up our differences. What a shamewhat a shame. 
He drove as she looked out the window in disappointment. He didnt display how disappointed he was after she came clean about her uniqueness. He really liked her. However, he was a realist. He didnt see any point in pursuing a serious relationship with her with such a great divide concerning their life line. Furthermore, he was leaving town as soon as the current crisis was over. He couldnt see how they were going to work. On top of that, she also admitted that her family wouldnt endorse their relationship-not because they didnt like him, but because they had dealt with the same type of situation five years earlier that involving Xavier and Victoria. They didnt want to deal with that again. 
	Prime Minister Romanski was notified that a serious security threat was discovered, but even with the military didnt have the talents to fully deal with the new peril hovering somewhere over the Capital. He explained that the problem was a very delicate one due to the fact that people were not just in danger but were targeted as food by so-called, mythical beasts that hadnt been seen in centuries. The public wouldve gone into a full blown panic. As governments always do, they hid all of this. But James was practically eaten alive by one and there was no way to completely keep that from reaching the ears of those who resided in the ritzy metropolis. 
Eva, Brice and Kathleen survived despite losing many of their allies. Locating their whereabouts would be the next task. No one was sure how many there were. To make matters worse, Eva had a personal reason to not only kill for food, but for revenge. Alexander became her prime target. She was determined to cut, claw and tare him to shreds if that was the last murder she ever committed. And she didnt care if she had to die in the process.
Her secret life was exposed and all that she and her husband worked so hard for evaporated because of a few mistakes by her family. Although no one could legally prove that she killed Judge Hess or anyone else, she understood that the blood evidence found at her house would have her and her children under a microscopic eye of persecution by people who operated above the law. Although she wasnt sure if Thomas and his people were actual Hunters, she knew about them after witnessing a battle that took place between them and some vampires. She knew enough to recall how they dressed and also knew that they would hunt their enemies to the four corners of the earth if need be. 
	The Hunters discovered another aspect about the beasts. By their nature, they usually took refuge in high places like eagles, hawks and other birds of prey. That included church towers, with or without bells or any building with ledges at high altitudes. These specific edifices were magnets for them because in their very beginning they hid on top, on the side and within these types of structures when they slept as stone. 
Their connection to cathedrals was one that began all the way back when they were used as stone guards to keep evil away from the Catholic Church. To the dismay of religious officials, they became the symbolic guardians of Satans domain in the eyes of many. When the early gargoyles were actually slain and brought back to the churches to have their heads or bodies mounted on the property, the shadow of the creature was there as well. To have them attached and hovering from a church when daylight was present was more of a desecration of all that was good, mainly because they were evil and churches were a place where such images were never suppose to be-but they were. 
Curses of wicked entities such as gargoyles were not simply physical, but spiritual as well. Early heroes who slew them didnt realize that the best way to completely destroy such a monster was to decapitate them and burn their bodies. The next sure way was to catch them when they were stone and shatter them to pieces. The latter of the two was the preferred method as vampires and others learned. 
Those who managed to kill them during the early centuries didnt have the slightest clue that they carried a virus in their blood and that their DNA was highly infectious to humans and animals. Brave warriors would bring them back to the Villages for all to see. The problem was that they had often received lacerations during battle. When they hung their heads or bodies up like a trophy in the town square or the churchs gate, they would inadvertently come in contact with their blood or claws. One smear-one drop of their blood into an open wound spelled doom to the unsuspecting heroes. As a result, the very people who slew the evil beasts sadly became one when the first full moon appeared. Children who played near their carcass and unknowingly touched the blood that dripped on the ground out of curiosity, became one when the blood found its way into one of their scraped knees as children usually get when playing. 
Thomas made sure that all of his Hunters were covered when they faced them. He himself hadnt worn his intimidating piece of battle head wear in quite some time. He issued strict orders on this matter for their protection. Brandon and his team of scientists had vials of blood that he took from the one that attacked Thomas, but hadnt found an antivirus as of yet. Battling gargoyles was new for them; nevertheless, they went to work and tested non-stop in an attempt to produce a cure just in case. There was no telling when one of them would need an antidote. Getting a claw to the face was a real possibility. They had survived so much-so many confrontations. They werent about to become one of the creatures they wanted to destroy.
	The entire hoard of carnivores vanished into the night after Evas jail break. Transforming into a beast was one thing when they lived at home. Transforming while in hiding was a different story. Doing so made their change very inconvenient. They shredded their clothes and unless they preferred to walk around naked, they had to remain gargoyles until they flew back home where they could revert back to human form and put on new attire. All of Evas known properties were under surveillance. 
What they didnt know was that she had many, many supporters. These were people she and Vondell had built a friendship and reputation with that was beyond reproach.  They were above suspicion as far as her closest friends were concerned. When people such as the Sandagauls are multi millionaires many times over, society tends to give them a free pass and the benefit of the doubt no matter what they are suspected or accused of. One of those long time friends was her attorney, Mitchell Degrossi. 
He knew the family long before Brice and Kathleen were ever born. He was never aware that he was providing services to a family of monsters. The line they kept between who would be their human nutrition and who would always be there friends was that strict. This made their faade of being just a simple, wealthy, harmless, loving everyday family all the more convincing. Because of them and his talents on their behalf, he himself became a millionaire. He represented them in all their legal matters. His loyalty to them was unquestionable. However, over the years, the lines between following the law and his loyalty to them became blurred-so blurred that he decided to help her even though she was legally wanted by the police.
	Other than Eva fleeing jail and not returning to serve her contempt sentence, the Sandagauls were not charged with a single crime no matter how much they were suspected. Still, She was worried about those she perceived to be Hunters. They killed her husband and there was no way she was going to turn herself or any of her family over to them just to meet with some unusual or unfortunate accident. She was afraid they would execute all of them while the authorities just stood by. From an unknown location, she called and instructed her Head house keeper to pack a large amount of clothes for her and her children. Degrossi agreed to take the trip to her place and pick them up and drive the items back to his home. 
Degrossi and her staff were under the radar of law enforcement since they never took any action to hinder their investigation. He calmly and inconspicuously drove to one of her estates on the west side. He parked in the back, which was out of view from prying eyes. He placed the clothes her servant gave him in the back of his vehicle, then got in and drove back to his home, which was located in a neighborhood away from any intrusion. He stepped out of the car and waited. He wasnt worried about anyone catching him in the act of helping the Sandagaul family. After all, he felt they had the money and power to get out of any predicament. Besides that, he insisted that the states case was weak. Furthermore, Judge Hess was dead and could no longer hold her. Regardless, she wasnt going to wait for another unscrupulous magistrate to decide her release or incarceration. 
His home had a cul-de-sac with a dim security light that brightened the front area, so as a precaution, he parked in the rear amid the cover of the night. He went inside and for one hour he repeatedly peered out of his window to see if anyone was going to show up. She was very secretive and never told him what would happen when he arrived at his home with the attire she requested. 
	The wind remained strong that night as the trees and bushes were whipped about. Amongst the noises of the evening weather, Eva swooped down from the branches and onto the grounds and silently crept toward the car. She opened the door of his vehicle, grabbed the suit case full of clothes and zipped out of sight. After a few moments, she, Brice and Kathleen approached Degrossis rear entrance and rang the bell. To his surprise, they stood at his door fully dressed. He hurried them inside. He questioned Eva about where she had been. She told him that some creatures had attacked the detention center downtown and killed Judge Hess and a number of detainees. 
He wanted to know what her plans were and also offered her refuge in his home, to which she accepted. But, she explained to him that she would only inconvenience him if absolutely necessary. He lived on the northern edge of the suburbs just outside the crowded city-exactly where she needed to be. Through him, she would find out where Alexander was. She could have made a run for the Scottish border, but she had to avenge her husbands death. This was a matter of pride and family honor, which to her, was as serious as life and death. Without the two, life was useless to live. And unlike others who kill very easily and then turn coward when their turn comes, she was not afraid to die. With the love of her life out of the picture-she welcomed death. To leave the present situation incomplete would choke her for the rest of her days. Besides, she knew Alexander would be after her until one of them was dead and she couldnt and wouldnt live with that threat hanging over her head. She needed to kill the man responsible for violating her family. Vondell was everything to her. His death emptied her of nearly all constructive reasoning. She devised a plan to get Kathleen and Brice away, but they flat out refused. They told her that wherever she was, they would be and whatever happened to her would happen to them. They lived together and they would die together if necessary.  
With Degrossi closely involved with her case against the authorities, she could obtain first-hand information as to where Alexander was and what he was doing. She also knew that because of James murder, the Goths were also on the war path. She needed to come up with a way to bring both factions to their knees just for a short time. She knew they were all working together. She ignored the fact that Kathleen had murdered and gorged herself on an innocent young man.
	 Commissioner Winston didnt like or care for Alexander when they first met. However, during their time working together, he developed a real rapport and respect for him. He liked and envied the extraordinary power that surrounded him. He seemed to be more than just a high level cop. The fact that they were both lawmen gave them comradeship. He called Alexander for advice on how to proceed in the light of a horror that neither he, nor anyone in New Holland could handle.
The only other people who witnessed the ghastly sight of the real life gargoyles were the detainees who escaped for fear of losing their life-seeing as how many of them were killed.  They were immediately rounded up and jailed-much to their terror. Some of them had temporarily lost their minds as they went into shock from what they saw. They begged to be put in a cell and have the lights on twenty four hours a day. All of them wanted a cell mate because they were simply too scared to be alone. The latter request was out of the question. Just the same, to prevent a public concern, the events of that evening at the detention center were kept secret as much as humanly possible. 
When the Prime Minister was notified about the situation that tilted the law enforcement and the Army, he agreed with the restricted silence on them. On the other hand, Commissioner Winston felt the public would need to take preventive measures for their safety sooner than later. The only way they could do that was to tell them what they were up against. He just didnt want to advise them that gargoyles were the threat by name. He wanted to portray them as some alternate form of vampire, which seemed less scary from his point of view. Telling them they could come face to face with an entity so ruthless wouldve caused them to prematurely shoot any and everyone that walked in their direction. He didnt want that. 
Unfortunately, Mayor Fritz didnt want any type of notification to the public. He wanted the threat disposed of behind the scenes without the publics knowledge.  Commissioner Winston disagreed. He knew that they couldnt take on such large and dangerous foes with unknown numbers while at the same time, throw citizens to the wolves in the process. He made the decision to ignore the Mayors orders. Early one morning in November, he called a Press conference when daylight came. He informed them that like St. Viktersburg, they now had an invasion of unknown, yet, ancient forces similar to vampires. Whether his description of the new public hazard was accurate or not was irrelevant. What was relevant was the fact that he put the public on guard. No one could calculate how small or how large the panic of the city would be. 
	New Holland fell into a state of shock. Mothers grabbed and held their sons, fathers hugged their daughters. The thought of their loved ones being hunted and eaten the way lions ate deer sent shivers up and down their spines. Now they knew how the people of St. Viktersburg felt. The only silver lining was that their season provided more daylight sooner than their other neighboring cities because of their location. Near the middle of January, depending on the cloud cover and the amount of rain or snow, the city usually started to gain more light in the morning to the tune of a few minutes each day. 
Interestingly enough, Keith, who was always brutally honest, verbalized his assessment of the circumstances. He believed people needed to feel what he felt. They, along with Europe and the entire world, closed their borders off from them during their ordeal. They left them out on a sinking island in the middle of the ocean to fend for themselves. He never forgot that and now the city needed their help in order to be saved. Brandon, who was looked upon as Mr. reasonable, pointed out that although Keith was right, they were there because gargoyles first attacked Thomas and killed many others in their own city.
When Mayor Fritz saw the news blitz that ascended on the headquarters of the police, he was furious. For practical reasons, he was understandably worried. If people were too afraid to venture out to work, the city would come to a financial standstill. Revenue would slow to a dangerous grind. 
When Alexander finally arrived back in New Holland, he talked with Mayor Fritz himself. He explained how they needed at least a week to flush the beasts out of hiding. He had a plan. He didnt reveal what the plan was, but he needed the help of every available officer he had. Mayor Fritz refused. His ego got in the way because he felt useless. He wanted to prove that the town was his and he was in control and therefore, could handle the problem-not some outsider. 
Alexander informed Thomas, who called Xavier and told him that they were up against the stubbornness of city officials. Xavier contacted the Prime Minister, who in turn, called the governor. He told Mayor Fritz that if he didnt co-operate, he would order troops to occupy New Holland and help in any way they were needed. Mayor Fritz caved. Despite working together, Alexander and Commissioner Winston knew they could only secure but so many spots on the border that crossed into Scotland.
	Five hundred additional Hunters arrived to help. At the same time, he suspected that Eva commanded a small Army of her own that was hidden out of sight. He was correct. There were not only hundreds, but thousands. Where they hid was pivotal because that could be the undoing of their plan. 
Thomas had an idea and made sure his men brought a boat load of ultra violet ray devices that were shaped like silver spheres.  Since the days of their clashes with vampires, vast improvements were made in harnessing daylight rays or energy that were tightly packed into devices that fit in the hand. There were larger devices as well. However, the smaller ones were such that their sophistication and operation was second to none. They could be set to go off at anytime. The light that they released was so intense that a person had to close their eyes or cover them with a special pair of anti-ray sunshades. Failure to take such safety precautions could result in temporary or permanent blindness.
	Any attacks that the newly formed Sandagaul clan perpetrated would only help increase their numbers the following month. All the man eaters that Brice brought with him to New Holland in human form were bitten the previous month on Halloween.  No one was more aware of that fact than Shawn. He and his men had to end their ordeal before the situation evolved into a siege of the city. 
There were over four thousand churches in New Holland and most were gothic style regardless of the religion or denomination. Gargoyles sooner or later had to ascend to them. They were brutes who had the instinct of a killer bird. Sooner or later, like wolves that helplessly howled at the moon, like fish that had to swim, gargoyles had to claim their space amid the annals of the tall structures.
As strong and controlled as Eva was, two or three times a month, she was unable to resist the pull of the night and would spend them atop a landmark as she hunted and fed. This enabled her to maintain her unmatched sexuality and allure. Even more important, this kept the beauty of her human form intact. She was an ugly fiend, but at the same time, there was never a more exotic, more beautiful woman created than her. 
The Visigoths were still around but existed in small pockets here and there on the west side. Alexis issued a contract on all of them. Any time her people came in contact with anyone from Dwaynes sect they were eliminated-on the spot if possible. Xaviers rage didnt diminish because of Victorias immortality. He hated them for what they put both of them through. For that reason, he warned her and Kerri to be especially vigilant on their watch when out and about the city. 
Immortal or not, citizens had yet to face a real creature of mystical evil such as vampires and gargoyles. They couldnt simply hide in their houses the rest of their lives. They had to go out and make a living. As a precaution, Xavier ordered four more Skeletons to guard his family because he couldnt be with them 24 hours a day. 
He made sure his people were kept up to date on the latest developments. They had already lost one person in their community and didnt want any more hurt or killed. Still, he struggled to figure out how to help a man like Thomas who possessed more experience than he did in such matters. He felt a little ineffective at one point. There he was a prince-gifted in many ways and blessed with immortality and yet, he never laid eyes on the hellish creatures that others had to combat. 
Although he didnt need to change forms to have super human strength, gargoyles gained even more power when they did. Their monstrous figure also served practical purposes, such as, choking down large chunks of flesh in a hurry, using their tail as a weapon and the advantage of their repugnant appearance. That alone froze people in their tracks, which made trapping them much easier.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
	Although city officials were upset with the way Commissioner Winston notified the public, they bit their tongue because they didnt have another officer with his experience to deal with crises the way he did. On top of that, they also discovered he had recently become pretty friendly with the Nokovic family. 
The Nokovics were no longer faceless or nameless people among the rich and powerful. Although they won the war against the Valdis and the mafia, they avoided interference from the federal military after they executed the late Prime Minister Olenhoff. Because of those events and the way they unfolded, the Mayor Fritz and other city officials suspected the Nokovic family was involved. He however, was too afraid to stick his nose where it didnt belong. He quickly learned that anyone with a favorable connection to them was not someone to cross. Of course, he had the authority to fire Commissioner Winston. He just didnt see anyone on his staff or outside his official sector that would have tolerated that decision. 
He had been the top cop for decades and in law enforcement for a total of forty years. When he decided to allow Alexander to lead the case in ridding the city of what was now a bloody holiday season, he became a silent partner and hoped for the best. If they resolved the situation he would look brilliant and would have an accomplishment to add to his resume when time came for him to ascend to higher offices-like, senator or governor. If they failed to capture the mystic barbarians his critics would call for his resignation. 
	Kathleen, as well as her family, discovered from news reports that the young man she murdered was not only a close friend of the Nokovic family, but a full blooded Ostrogoth. Because of her uncontrollable appetite, she brought down the wrath of not only the police and the Hunters, but the gothic people. 
Immortals didnt tolerate the unjust killing of their kind. They employed strong punishments for those who severely violated their laws. There were no defense attorneys to argue cases of unjust and deliberate murders within their society. This was for a very good reason.
The entire people as a whole went on the war path and treated one death as though the crime was against millions. Alexis, instilled a togetherness that made them feel when one was harmed, all of them were harmed. When one of them was attacked or killed, they left no stone unturned until the perpetrators were caught and dealt with. Sometimes that meant executing them. This was a strong deterrent. No matter how angry or vengeful their rivals were, they always thought long and hard about committing crimes against the people of gothic descent regardless of which sect they belonged to. All their enemies, including the organized crime underworld, knew that for every single Ostrogoth that was killed, one hundred of them would die in return. That was not a good ratio to suffer.  
	They primarily lived on the east side although they took over parts of the west as well. They killed off hundreds of thousands of Visigoths over the last five years and the Executive Board didnt have the power to rule their mafia families as they once did. Despite all of their progress, they had no desire to take over the city as an oppressive force. They merely wanted to move in and push their rivals further west until they had nowhere else to go except six feet under the dirt. The Valdis family lost nearly all of the structure they needed to retaliate affectively once Dwayne and his son Marc were eliminated. Still, the few left remained sharp and on guard. 
The three sectors of society that sought the destruction of Evas new hoard of killers looked in high places to locate them. Instead, they headed underground. Under the streets is where they attacked when they needed to feed.  Electrical stations, water and reservoir tunnels and other elements relevant to daily life ran underneath and out of the city. Except for city employees, troubled kids, fugitives and homeless people, the undergrounds were avoided. This is when the night fiends went into a feeding frenzy. People who had no family, or who were on the run from the law could go missing for weeks, months or even years before anyone cared enough to report their prolonged absence. 
	Two weeks after efforts to catch the predators yielded no results, a break came when city electric and gas workers discovered a foul odor from underneath a manhole cover they needed to access in order to make repairs and perform other various maintenance work. The odor was so polluted that they knew a frightful event had taken place. Thats why the citys managing employees specifically waited until the brief, morning daylight to enter the underground stations. They soon discovered the origin of the horrible smell and immediately notified the authorities, who arrived armed to the teeth. What they saw sent their minds reeling. Body parts were everywhere and blood was so thick that they felt as though they were walking on molasses by the gallons. The strong stench of death and decay was sickening. The copper like smell of old and new blood was so substantial that the men coughed constantly. Gargoyles rarely left much of their victims behind. 
Whats interesting is that Eva never became angry at Kathleen for exposing her family to such danger. She understood that what her daughter felt was no fault of her own and not of her own choosing. She herself struggled through the same exact cycle when she was doomed to become a flesh eater in her teens. When Commissioner Winston and Alexander arrived they realized they had made a huge mistake. At the same time, Alexander also knew that by just being there, he was giving away his safety in a way. She couldve had him followed to discover where he stayed. And thats exactly what she did. He had a strange feeling that he was being watched by someone-somewhere. He couldnt see them, but he believed that they were near. He spent over an hour at the scene. They eventually discovered the remains of over a hundred people-all butchered in a very short period of time. 
Eva and her family stayed on the move around the city, which made them hard to catch up to. However, wherever they roamed, trails of bodies were left behind. That year, New Holland became infamously known as The City of Blood in the month of November. She was driven by one overriding emotion-the desire to destroy the man who had killed her husband. There was nothing complicated or mysterious about her story or motives. Hers was a tale of love, heartbreak and revenge. The earlier two had befallen her. The last one is what she lived for. Judging by the victims blood and decomposition from the limbs that were recovered, the Coroners estimated that they had been there for as long as a week and half. 
Alexander was later accompanied at the scene by some of the Nokovic family members and a few of his fellow brothers. Unseen, Eva stood just six hundred feet down the street atop an enclosed, steel frame-glass foot bridge that stretched from one building across the street to another. Five lanes of traffic ran underneath. Brice volunteered for the job of following Alexander back to his temporary place of residence but Eva disagreed-at first. She finally gave in when he insisted that he was a man and not a kid anymore. Not wanting to stop him from living up to his fathers memory, she reluctantly conceded and trusted him with this dangerous task. 
She watched as the detectives investigated. When Alexander decided to return to his hotel and rest, he specifically didnt go to the one owned by the Kursk Empire. He realized that he was being followed and played along. He knew an attempt was going to be made on his life. After his death, Eva only had to get past the border officers that were posted at nearly every entry point into Scotland. 
Despite what people read in comic books, and saw in movies or television, gargoyles couldnt fly for hours on end without tiring. On the other hand, they were fast in flight and just as nimble and graceful as an eagle, which was surprising considering how massive they were. They always preferred to take off from the top rather than from the ground. While lift off from the bottom was fast and powerful, the movement of their enormous wings required an incredible amount of exertion. That meant that the further they had to fly straight up, the more energy they used, which left them somewhat winded and exhausted for a short moment. Even still, this didnt prevent them from being deadly as they regained their strength. 
Eva was aware of all the information the public was given about her and her species. She couldnt just flee to another country because her familys face was plastered over the entire region. She devised a plan to be executed in one bold stroke. She figured a way to neutralize the Hunters and the immortals and get free passage into Scotland or anywhere else she wanted to go. Her plan would begin with the kidnapping and death of Alexander. In the mean time, she and her small army located places to hide and sleep in that didnt include being underground like filthy rats.
	Later that evening, Alexander entered his hotel room, just two miles down the street from all the commotion and away from all of his friends. He purposely rented a corner room in the front. At 11:00pm, he decided to take a shower, eat and lay down to go to sleep. Just before he turned out his lights, he opened his curtains completely. A beautiful and peaceful blue moon was in the sky. There was no scene more awesome to fall asleep by. 
He could see the busy traffic ten stories below and hear the sounds of the city if he opened his window wide enough. High rises dominated the downtown district. One building across the street from him was a brownish, brick faced loft, while others were rival hotels and business plazas. Anyone could see straight into his room with his curtains undrawn. Brice stood on the roof of the loft and lingered until the midnight hour. As faint as the St. Danes church bell was, the eerie echo of the giant piece of metal was heard for miles around. That was the main reason why the tower was built so high. People never would have tolerated the noise had the bell been under a specific altitude. 
	Before the clock struck twelve, Brice changed his spot and loitered in the alleyway of Alexanders hotel. He was now set to pay him a visit but wasnt about to surprise him by predictably coming through the front door. He had the gift of stone in his blood and used that ability to get him where he needed to be. He took a deep breath and transformed into the massive brute that was inside him. He took one hand and shoved his fingers into the side of the building and began to climb upward as easy as a person climbs a ladder. The night shielded him from view of public observation. 
He was accompanied by one comrade who was positioned atop the loft across the street. He was ordered by Brice not to enter no matter what happened. This was between him and Alexander. His plan was to render him helpless and bring him back to Eva. If for some reason, his plan were to hit a snag, his lookout was to immediately head back and report the situation to her. They couldnt afford to lose one member of their newly formed army. 
	The ogre reached the floor Alexander was on and climbed sideways over to his window. He peeked inside.
 Good, he thought to himself.
 The soon to be deceased commissioner was covered up to his head with his back to the window. He was motionless and appeared to be asleep. The beast shape shifted into the stone and came through the other side and into the room. He walked over to the bed as his prey slept peacefully. He reached down quickly and snatched the sleeping figure by the throat, held him up in his right hand as he tore the blanket away. He immediately became alarmed to discover that the object he held was not Alexander but a full body decoy-a dummy. He quickly realized he was a fool and that he was the real dummy. Now, his mind panicked because he was in danger.
Before he could react in anger, Alexander kicked the closet door open and popped out. He wore a pair of specialized shades that protected his eyes. He took a silver sphere of ultra violet light and slung the device against the ceiling. When they exploded, they sounded like a giant door being slammed within the halls of a great corridor. The echoes of their sound waves were unmistakable. Depending on which Hunter threw them, they often resembled a lightning strike from a distance. 
The room lit up so bright that Brice flung his large wings around him and covered his eyes, which were temporarily blinded. Suddenly, he began to turn to stone, starting with his feet. He was confused about what was happening to him. The stiffness of his joints quickly moved up to his knees as the crackling and tightening of his limbs ensued. If he remained still any longer, he would end up a sitting target. Depending on the size of the devices, they were able to eject daylight rays for as long as two minutes or more. He decided to make a run for the window. He didnt know who he was up against and realized his best bet was to try another day.
	Once he regained his vision, he turned and leapt toward the window but his lower half was weighed down. He got a couple of feet off the ground when Alexander fired a golden spear hook into his back. The weapon opened with six hooks on the edges once inside Brice and appeared on the other side of his torso. He screamed as he stretched out his hand toward the window in vain. Alexander jerked and pulled him back as Brices hands crashed through the window alerting people down on the street below. Some were cut by the falling glass as others ran and took shelter. The winged assassin grabbed his abdomen and the weapon but tried to keep the spear like weapon still. To remove the hook would painfully tear his insides to shreds and cause massive bleeding. He had a choice-suffer the agony and escape or remain where he was. 
He was yanked again and screamed in discomfort. Alexander was not as strong as Thomas. He couldnt tug him backward onto the floor. Brice was simply too enormous in his present form. The decision was made for him.  Stone quickly covered the rest of him. He became a frozen pillar with the spear still imbedded inside of him. Before the light subsided, Alexander dropped his weapon and took out another pistol like weapon, which didnt contain bullets. The gun contained a contracting net. He fired. The net flung outward and surrounded Brice from his head down to his thighs. These particular steel, wired nets were spiked and had serrated edges. They also were mechanized to contract-to become tighter when they trapped any object. 
	He approached. Once the light subsided, the cannibalistic maniac was going to crack his shell and become flesh once more. If he moved, the net would constrict him. Brices lookout across the street witnessed the confrontation and was astonished. He saw his master-his creator, starring at him as a statue. He quickly took off and headed for the roof door that led downstairs to the street. He jumped into a car they had parked in the back of the building and sped off. He didnt think that capturing their kind was possible, least of all one who was born from the Sandagaul bloodline. 
Alexander threw another device at the ceiling and went over to the phone. He called Shawn because he didnt want to worry Thomas for a change. He remained behind when everyone else was sent home for Thanksgiving. He felt he just needed to rest. This was admirable, but irrelevant. Shawn was going to have to notify him in any event. 
	The purpose of capturing Brice was so they could interrogate him. Alexander took a great risk by allowing himself to become bait. He had only two fellow Hunters in the building, one downstairs and one on the stair case that led to the roof and the lobby. He pleaded with Thomas to allow him to execute his simple, yet, affective plan.  He knew that if he were under guard, the attempt to kidnap or kill him would have never taken place. He needed his stalkers to think that he was being hunted when in effect; they were walking into a trap. 
	He knew someone would try to enter through his window. He just didnt expect Brice or anyone to sneak in through the wall. He expected an entrance with a great noise since they liked to show off and pound their chest-so to speak-much like werewolves when they were in their revolting form. 
	Evas plan to abduct him backfired. She had planned to hold him hostage in order to gain entry into Scotland or the country of her choice. Afterward, she was going to kill him-slowly. So many thoughts ran through her mind. At times, she clearly wasnt thinking straight. She was afraid to venture anywhere near her native land. She considered Scotland because there was still a rift on some level that existed between the English and the Scottish that dated back centuries. 
 Once she crossed the border Scotland would block any attempts to return her-just to irritate Englands Justice Department. Also true, was the fact that she still had legal access to all of her money. Again, she was never officially charged with any crime. But, she and her family ran when an arrest warrant was issued for her to be brought in for questioning. The Scottish government would never chase someone with her money away from their soil. Millionaires brought in revenue. However, the Justice Department of Scotland may have soon changed their stance once people started getting gobbled up like dog food.
	Shawn and a number of his brothers raced to Alexanders location. They entered his room amidst the commotion and dissatisfaction of the other guests. The hotel manager was angry but was not allowed to enter until the police arrived. The Hunters had total clearance with Commissioner Winston.  All of his officers were aware that they had the liberty to do whatever they needed to in order to stop the bloody nights that enveloped the city. The room was so bright that only those who had protective lenses were allowed to enter. 
Alexander suggested using a device that was referred to as an Iron Maiden-only more modern in design. The device covered most of the body, locked from the back and was heavy. Unfortunately, the device wasnt constructed for someone over eight feet tall with a wide wing span. They needed to get Brice to revert back to human form. The Iron Maiden was brought to the scene a couple of hours later. The police used the device to restrain the most violent and demented socio paths in the criminal justice system-usually before execution. Commissioner Winston thought that the process would be easier if they took Brice downstairs rather than struggle to get the device to the top floor. 
	Six men surrounded the stone figure of Brice in the middle of the large hotel suite-their guns and pistols drawn and ready to fire. They waited until the ultra light rays completely faded. Seconds later, Brices figure began to crack. The stone on the eye sockets fell away piece by piece. His shiny, black eyes eerily blinked as crusty pieces of rock dropped to the floor. The hardened shell that trapped him finally exploded from his frame. A loud roar came from his mouth. Enraged, he attempted to flap his wings but the net was too strong-at least for now. He turned in a circle and saw the men who had their weapons aimed at him. Shawn fired a warning shot into the ceiling. 
He growled continuously until Shawn spoke.
 I know you can understand me! You have two choices. You can change back to a human, or well blast so many holes in you until theyll need a dust pan to scrape you up off the floor! 
He grew silent. Immediately, he reverted back to human form. The net grew tighter as his body structure lessened in size. Two of them managed to remove the spear hook tip that was impaled in his torso without killing him-much to his agony. They couldnt fit him and the weapon into the device. Afterward, they rushed and secured him with more nets because he was almost just as strong in human form.
	Brice lay on the floor-sealed in netting. Keith grabbed a blanket off Alexanders bed and wrapped it around him. They carried him downstairs where officers were waiting. To avoid the hype of any reporters and their prying eyes in hidden places, they hustled him to the rear of the hotel alley and threw him inside a large police truck. Once inside, they undid the net restraints and gave him some clothes to slip into at gun point. Afterward, they bonded his arms with a chain that was also attached to his wrist. The links were one inch thick in diameter, which demonstrated just how strong he was. They picked him up and stood him inside the Iron Maiden. He struggled briefly in defiance. 
He was frustrated and knew he had wasted an opportunity to help his mother. He felt like such a failure. He looked up at the florescent light on the truck ceiling. He let out a loud sigh of aggravation.
 How could I have been so stupid?
 This torturous thought overtook him so badly until he wanted to bite a bullet in half. The iron restraint had a gray, glossy surface. He looked back and all around him as they secured him. He couldnt move freely. They locked the device from the back. They left the head restraint piece opened for the time being. For a change, he looked worried.  Shawn, who watched along with the others, stood up from the truck bench and walked over to him. 
Funny, seeing fear in your eyes. Feels awful doesnt it? Not knowing whats going to happen to you-not knowing if youll ever see your family again. Scares the hell out you doesnt it? 
He quickly grabbed Brice by the jaw and held on tight.
 Well, now you know how all those people felt that you sliced up like meat in some market, he rumbled. 
His grip was so strong that he nearly crushed Brices jaw between his fingers. 
 We know who you are, Brandon interjected, you see, while you were watching Alexander, we were watching you. Besides that, your father wasnt the only one we found evidence on that connected you to those homicides back in St. Viktersburg. We figured your mother would try to get even with him. After all, he chased her into this situation. Well now, seems all of you are a bunch of freaks. 
 Youre mother and her whole clan is going to come to us and surrender, Shawn threatened and added, if she doesnt, were going to inflict so much torture, so much damage to your mind, body and soul, that in a very short time youre going to plead for us to send you to a better hell than the one youre going to be trapped in when we start on you. 
Brice looked at all of them as though he wanted to spit on them. Now, the Hunters and their allies had the upper hand and were going to use him to bring his family out into the open. All they had to do next was contact Eva and notify her that her only son was being held. However, make no mistake; if she decided to let her son wither on the vine, they were going to do exactly what they said. He was a dead either way.  
	Xavier and Alexis walked along the river front. They discussed the events that led up to James death and the aftermath. As the supreme and divine ruler of her people, she promised his family that those responsible would be executed. Unknown to them, the people responsible were also creatures who possessed the spirit of entities from another realm. He had agreed to stand down and let Thomas handle the situation. As an immortal, he and his people were mighty. However, they had no real insight or experience into the mystical aspect of their country. 
Thomas assured the Nokovics that he would keep them abreast of every development. He did so as a precaution. He felt terrible because a problem that originated in his home town spilled over into theirs. He didnt want Xavier and his family to become a target because they aided him. He was well aware that his new friend had two little girls and that was always in the back of his mind.
	He and Kerri put their advances for each other on hold-somewhat. Just the same, their passion boiled just beneath the surface each time they came anywhere near each other. Her family had never seen her so love struck. As welcome as the Hunters were at the palace, they were equally unwelcomed by fellow immortals, all of whom were men that desired her affections. There is nothing new under the sun. There is nothing that takes place in the 21st century that did not take place thousands of years before. This indisputable truth is what made man so predictable the longer he moved ahead through time.
Five years earlier, the Ostrogothic women were up in arms over Xavier and Victorias love affair. They too wanted his hand in marriage-none more than Gabriella-his childhood sweetheart, who was still Kerris best friend. Now, the men grumbled every time the Hunters came to the palace or anytime they escorted Kerri and Xavier to meet with them. Truth be known, they were very, very jealous. They were also intimidated. The Hunters were the first regular humans who possessed extraordinary abilities that rivaled theirs. That worried them, yet, they were too afraid to tempt one of them into a confrontation. They snickered and scoffed at them, but never in their presence. Had that occurred, not even Xavier could have prevented Thomas and his friends from doing some very serious damage to them. He was patient to a degree but didnt stand for any disrespect. 
	Jacqueline and Darcia sat in Kerris room and chatted as they often did. Sometimes, they discussed new business ventures. And of course, there was always good old fashioned girl talk. The subject eventually changed to Thomas. They were aware of the rumors of her relationship with him. She tried to down play the gossip but they knew when Kerri was serious about someone. She developed a certain way about her. Like her eyes for instance, they always sparkled and smiled even when she didnt. When the inside of the body is happy, the joy radiates through to the outside. People can tell when a change has taken place, and a she fell into that category. 
She was never so impatient about matters before. She was pre-occupied to no end. Her focus was distorted. In between the time she and Thomas were apart, she wondered if any women were talking or even looking at him. She was nervous and jealous of even the thought of another woman interfering with her chance to be with him. She was in a constant state of anxiety, which agitated her stomach. She tried to eat like always but afterward would feel sick as a moose. She felt as though she had her life riding on how much he liked her. It seemed as though whenever immortals fell in love with ordinary humans, they became clumsy, awkward and discombobulated. No wonder her family found what happened to her so strange and alarming. She didnt have patience for people in general. But, the upside was that she was happy for a change. Being totally lovesick with a man she wanted brought her out of her depression. She dealt with the condition for a little while when Xavier, Victoria and her nieces moved out.
	Jacqueline and Darcia both objected and warned her to resist falling for Thomas and making her difficult. They didnt object to him as a person. For them, this was simply a matter of practicality. She was immortal-he was not. They really did have her best interest at heart. They didnt want to see her get hurt chasing a dream that would end in a predictable failure. They didnt ware her out with a boring lecture. Just the same, they did reiterate the problems that arose when Xavier jumped in with both feet and pursued Victoria. 
Kerri was one of the strongest willed women in the family. Out of all her cousins who were the same age, she emerged early in life as one who usually led while they followed. This had nothing to do with her mother being the Queen. This was just a matter of wills. And she prevailed as the one her cousins looked to for guidance. However, she took their advice on countless of issues. She considered theirs regarding Thomas. They also understood that she was still human and that sometimes the heart wins out no matter what the cost. Xavier proved that fact. 
Kerri couldnt put into words why she felt so desperate to have him. Love-whether its real or a passing fancy, often has a way of making people feel more frantic than they really are about someone. Whether her family considered what she felt was real and long lasting, or just a transferred or displaced emotion brought on by drastic changes in her life, was immaterial.  She only knew that she wanted to be with him forever and felt that she would wither away and die if she couldnt. 

	Xavier joined the Hunters at the police precinct where they held Brice under heavy guard. They announced his arrest on television and stated that he was going back to St. Viktersburg in a day or so to be tried for a murder earlier in the season. They knew that even if they hadnt made this information public, Eva wouldve learned of her his capture. She felt they obviously had real evidence-some part of his DNA attached to the crime scene. Just because they could transform back and forth as gargoyles didnt change their biological makeup in the least. Their DNA was still the same no matter which form they walked in. She was coming for her him, but she had to adjust her plans and improvise as events progressed. 
When they announced that Brice was going to stand trial for murder, she got an idea. She decided to apply what she had intended for Alexander to a member of the Nokovic family. Like the rest of the world, she was aware of how rich and powerful they were. She remembered Xaviers face. She became desperate. Her sons life was at stake. She dared to go where others feared to tread. Knowing that there were factions working together to nail her people to the wall, she had to move fast. If they didnt act soon, her only son, her own flesh and blood that she brought into the world, would end up like Vondell. Her heart raced with adrenaline as she attempted to settle on what to do. She had little more than a day to save him, but she didnt have any leverage. She needed a bargaining chip.
	She thought carefully and quickly. She summoned over three thousand of her subjects. The night Brice attacked and marked his victims, they later attacked others and so on. As a result, they multiplied at an incredible rate. The next full moon would add even more to their species. 
She was tired of hiding under ground, in cemeteries and in church towers from her pursuers. She had a brilliant idea. She decided to hide in plain sight, yet, out of view of the publics eye. Her race took refuge within the tallest structure in the city. The Black Skull Plaza was a brand new project that was under taken by Prime Minister Olenhoff when he first came into power. Always jealous of their big sister city St. Viktersburg, he wanted to have the tallest building located in the nations Capital. The structure was completed and a few businesses occupied the ground floor. The building leased nearly all of the office space prior to the opening ceremony. The skyscraper stood one hundred and twelve stories high, making the glassy structure the tallest in the country. 
	New Holland was a lot like Vancouver, Canada and Seattle, Washington during the dark season in the winter. The weather often turned cold, but the climate was also damp, which brought windy snow on a regular basis. In addition, every morning during the one or two hours of daylight depending on the time of the season, the misty cloud cover was always present, which is why no one saw more than two-thirds of the building. 
Due to the enormous height, the top twenty floors were often above the usual low lying clouds. The only way to obtain an unobstructed view from below was during clear weather, mainly in the spring. Unlike the other sky scrapers which were predominantly dark, charcoal gray or silver, the Black Skull Plaza was a completely black, steel glass structure that shimmered and reflected other city structures like an enormous mirror. 
	There were three distinct sections. The new landmark was also covered with twenty-four, powerful statues of gargoyles on all four corners on the last two upper sections. But, people could only see them during perfect weather or by helicopter. Their hideous images were on countless structures. Some were black, some were green and gray. For Eva and her species to hide inside would have meant being discovered. 
 Eva and her clan were unable to hide inside church towers or similar places. The Hunters placed hidden ultra ray devices in every single one. Some of them walked straight into the traps, when they did, the devices were triggered. As a result, they turned to stone and were smashed asunder by Hunters who waited in hiding. Once Eva ascertained what was happening, she took to the underground at first. However, they all needed to rest high like the scavengers they were.  She figured out that they would be safe wedged into the concrete of the tallest building in the country. She realized that she had the perfect spot without running all over the place. This allowed her to think more clearly about how to rescue Brice. 
CHAPTER TWELVE
	The following afternoon amidst the dark skies; an even darker force hovered around the home of the Nokovic family. Eva and Kathleen traced Xavier to what they assumed was still his home. They were wrong. He used to live at the palace but had since moved out. As a precaution, he and his family remained there, just until the current crisis passed. The palace was not an edifice that could be hidden. Although located on a main street, surrounded by other estates acres away that were owned by the filthy rich, the grand structure was equipped with security systems. 
Once she discovered that Xavier was an Ostrogoth, she had the place staked out. Sure enough, they viewed the comings and goings of other people who wore the same emblems on their overcoats as James, the young man Kathleen devoured. Another interesting aspect that may or may not have escaped her eye was the way the Goths and the Hunters dressed. Although their coats were very long and sleek, both factions had mysterious gothic style stitching on them, usually located on the upper side of the arm. Coats worn by the Hunters were made of a black dry, smooth and tough material that could stretch a little for easier movements. They came with a lining for extreme cold weather and were flame resistant to a large degree. They were also water and stain resistant. Ostrogoths possessed coats of a similar material. But unlike the Hunters, they had female counter parts who were soldiers as well that wore coats of a similar style. The difference was that the female coats were made of black leather, which the men almost never wore. 
Eva sat in her car down the street as her other subjects hid high up the trees. The night didnt provide them with an extra edge because immortals could see in the dark as well as in the daylight. But, she had no way of knowing that.
	Victoria decided to take a quick trip back to her home to get some of Danielle and Pessias favorite toys and games along with some additional clothes. Originally, she was supposed to make the trip alone with a few of the Skeletons as her escorts. But as children often do, both daughters begged her to allow them to ride along. She gave in and agreed. Its possible that some complacency existed concerning their personal safety and maybe thats why the danger that surrounded Xavier and his immediate family didnt seem so immanent.  
Eva spied him and Victoria as they brought the twins outside to their car. Her plan was to kidnap him, hold him for ransom and then trade him for Brice. She was definitely powerful in every respect. However, she never experienced a conflict with an immortal of his status. She was way out of her league if she thought she could have abducted him.  That alone would have taken a small army. She never realized just how truly fortunate she was to abandoned her original plan because had she not done so, her life would have ended that very night. When she saw Victoria and the kids, her plans instantly changed. She decided to go after them instead. 
Two cars were assigned to Victoria as she reluctantly agreed to have them along. One security car led and a second one followed. She made sure her girls were strapped and secure in the back seat. She drove her own car because she hated to be driven by anyone other than her Xavier. She remembered vividly the last time she allowed someone else to drive her. They eventually drove her to her death and she never forgot that. They departed under the cover of darkness even though the time was twelve noon. The streets were wet from the rain drizzle that continued on and off at intervals. Eva started her car and tailed them. She had a radio and cell phone with her. She gave moment by moment instructions to those waiting to spring into action on her signal. She was careful not to follow too closely. 
Halfway to Victorias mansion, Eva picked up her radio and spoke to someone on the other end. 
Get ready, their in the second car. 
After a few more blocks, the lead security car drove through an intersection. When Victorias car entered, a black, full-size SUV side swiped her-slamming into her vehicle at sixty-five miles per hour. Her car tumbled over repeatedly and came to rest on the drivers side. Pessia and Danielle were both knocked unconscious. Victoria was dazed momentarily. Such a violent collision would have easily killed any other occupants-let alone children. 
	Before Victoria could unbuckle her seat belt two cars pulled up alongside of hers as the Skeletons in the rear vehicle sped to the crash at the intersection. One of Evas clan members leapt on top of the car in a single bound as four other men exited the useless SUV.  He reached inside the shattered back window and unbuckled Danielles seat belt. She regained consciousness, but was still woozy in the head. He pulled her through the window and hopped down. 
She screamed repeatedly for her mother. 
Danielle! Danielle! Victoria yelled desperately. 
She struggled in vain to free herself from the grip of her kidnapper. Victoria smashed her hand through the roof of her mangled car and ripped the hood back like a tin can of sardines. She pulled her gun and fired at the four men who surrounded her. As the last security car of the Skeletons rolled up behind the assailants, all four of them exited and produced their guns. They wanted to fire, but Danielle was used as a shield by her abductor. They couldnt afford to strike her. Xavier would have destroyed them for such careless action. Eva pulled up in her car and her henchmen jumped into the back seat with Danielle and sped off down the street. Before she made her getaway, she stared Victoria square in the face. 
No! Victoria pleaded. 
The kidnapper was very surprised to discover how much strength he needed to subdue Danielle. 
This girl is like wrestling a tiger. What kind of child is this? 
Just hold on to her, Eva commanded. 
One Skeleton ran over to Victorias over turned car and tore another chunk of the hood away. He reached in and grabbed Pessia, who was alive but still groggy from the impact. He picked her up and shielded her as other security men opened fire on those left behind. A third opposing car rode up to rescue the remaining assailants in order to make their escape, but the immortals moved so fast that they couldnt stay ahead of their actions.
	Gunfire was perpetual. Victoria fired away along with the rest of her body guards. The getaway car was shot to pieces and the tires flattened. Bullets from her gun pierced the forehead of the driver, killing him instantly. Realizing they were trapped in a hail of fire power, the last three men transformed into gargoyles. The sound of all three beasts howling at the top of their lungs as they made the change cut through the noise.  Two gargoyles slid the car containing their dead driver toward Victoria. The force was so strong that the vehicle slid across the slick intersection like a giant toy. She and the security man that held Pessia in his arms, leapt out of the way just in time. Both cars exploded on impact due to the ignition of the gases involved. 
The three monsters swooped up into the trees and attempted to escape into the night rain. Kirk, an experienced immortal, fired an arrow attached to his power catapult and struck one beast in the back that tore clean through his thigh. He cried out in pain. He flapped his wings with all of his might in an attempt to flee. His attempt was useless. He was strong, but these immortals were stronger. He turned to face Kirk and the others as the remaining two fled unharmed. As he fanned his giant wings, wind currents became so strong that debris from the accident flew toward them. Victoria fired as did all of the others and struck him-inflicting multiple wounds. He weakened and dropped to the ground with a heavy thud. 
Two other Skeletons, Ryan and Peter, ran over with their guns pointed and ready to fire. They could hear sirens approaching from a distance. They stood over the animal and watched as they heard him make human moans. This indicated that there was a chance the beast could understand them in his present form.  It was worth a try. 
Wheres the girl?! Peter demanded. 
The creature answered with a condemned voice.
 Shes on her way to hell. 
He let out a roar that was cut short by five bullets to the head from Ryans automatic pistol. 
	Victorias anguish hit her harder than the SUV that smashed into her and put the events that followed in motion. She held onto Pessia with one arm and her gun with the other. 
	She slowly dropped down to her knees and wept as she screamed out her Danielles name.  She lost her will as she realized that part of her blood, body and soul was taken away-possibly forever. 
	Two hours passed following the abduction.  Xavier, who exploded in anger, got word to Thomas. The Ostrogoths threw out a net that covered not only the city, but the entire country. The police, under Commissioner Winston, also joined in the BOLO alert that was issued for Evas car and license plate. Xavier didnt know if Thomas could help this time, but he sure didnt have the experience to know how to get his daughter back from people unlike any living source hed ever seen. He didnt connect the dots. He didnt understand that Brices capture was connected to Danielles abduction. 
At 2:30 pm-just a couple of hours after her plans were accomplished; Eva obtained Alexanders number through Degrossi. This was normal since any contact the authorities made with her was under court order and as her attorney, he was notified first.  She demanded to have Xaviers phone number from Alexander since they were all working in unison to catch her. 
Eva phoned Xavier and offered to make a trade. She only wanted her son released in exchange for Danielles safe return. She didnt know that Thomas had raced to the Nokovic residence to offer his help. He overheard every word she said to Xavier, who demanded to speak to Danielle as proof that she was alive. She refused. She said that she had no way of knowing if Brice was still alive. She had made that type of assumption when Vondell was killed while they were apart and wasnt going to make that mistake again. She was not about to make that mistake again. She promised not to hurt Danielle as long as Brice was still alive. However, if they didnt produce him at the time she demanded, Danielle would be her lunch. She didnt care who had him, as long as her instructions were obeyed. 
She spoke of some unfinished business between her and Alexander. She would make a series of phone calls to him with explicit instructions that led up to a rendezvous point. She took such precautions in order to guard against any attempts to rescue Danielle. No one had any idea where Eva had her stashed. Just the same, she promised to reveal the location by 11pm.
Before she hung up, Alexander scolded her.
 Taking a child is low even for a piece of garbage like you Countess. Instead of facing me head on, you hide under ground, in alleys or wherever you go because youre scared Ill find you. 
After a short pause she returned a taunted-condescending response. 
 Why Commissioner, whatever on earth do you mean? I havent been hiding anywhere. Ive been right in front of you all along. You havent been able to see because youve been walking around with your head under a fog. 
She let out a short laugh and hung up.  Alexis and the entire family were present and they were as angry as any humans could possibly be. They were also frightened-a rarity among immortals. They had every reason to be. The creatures that took Danielle were no joke. They ate human beings to live. Thomas kept silent as Alexander, Commissioner Winston, Xavier and Alexis discussed their options. 
	As the others talked, Thomas studied Victoria as she sat on the couch in the living room they were in. She was comforted by Darcia. He looked through the entrance leading to the dining room and saw Pessia sitting on the table as Kerri talked and attempted to sooth her. He didnt hear every word clearly because of all the commotion around him. She clung to Kerri, who picked her up off the table and rocked her in her arms. She promised her Danielle would be home soon. 
Thomas saw the torment the family was suffering.  He tried to distance himself in order to think and do his job but that was easier said than done. He broke in politely because he never liked raising his voice unnecessarily. He held up his hand and all were silent. 
Listen to me. Eva said that the location of the exchange would be at 11pm tonight. Thats almost eight hours from now.  Seeing how this is the week of Christmas and the city is jammed with traffic and shoppers on their guard, I think shell want to meet someplace thats out of the way or on a side street-away from crowds. She knows if there are too many people in the picture, theres a chance she may be surrounded by us and heavily armed undercover police, who could capture her-or worse. Shes afraid something could go wrong. In fact, anything can go wrong. I think I have an idea about this woman and how she thinks. 
He looked at Alexander. 
            The next time she calls, give the phone to me. I mean, after all, we both know that shes going to ask you to come alone to make the exchange because she intends to kill you. She thinks you murdered her husband. We both know thats not true. And when she calls again, Im going to set her straight. 
What are you saying? Keith said inquisitively. 
 You may be the commissioner Alexander, Thomas said with a stern face, but this is where your job ends and mine begins. Youre a great lawman, but you know that I stand a better chance at pulling this off than anyone here. And thats what I intend to do. 
	Alexis in particular, seemed bewildered to say the least. The last time she saw such certainty in the face of insurmountable odds was from Xavier himself during their battle against their arch enemies. Although referred to as a so-called ordinary human, she hadnt seen or heard a man speak in such a way. The entire family was almost unable to tell the difference between the two supermen. Thomas mannerism, his command, and his presence reminded Alexis of Theodoric, her father-the greatest King in the history of the Goths. 
He walked over to Xavier, placed his hand on his shoulder, looked him in the eye and promised, Nothing is going to happen to your daughter. 
Afterward, he stepped outside to get some air. He stood on the side porch alone. He leaned over the black-iron railing and thought to himself. He always had the ability to see other peoples moves one, two or even three steps ahead and prepare accordingly. This time, a little girls life was at stake. He had to deliver and oddly enough, not just for the parents, but for himself. To save a child who had the same personality and the same name as his late sister felt like a second chance at redemption. Had he possessed his incredible power five years earlier, the outcome of his life, and the life of his family would have been different. This was just too close to home to be a coincidence. 
	Kerri opened the sliding glass door and stepped out onto the porch. He turned around. 
Hi. Dont worry-Im not going to ask a stupid question about how you feel.  
She folded her arms, walked over and stood next to him.
 Ive never thought of your words as being stupid, she voiced quietly. You care-a lot, and Im really grateful for that-we all are. Andno matter what happens, no matter how this ends, no one will blame you. You didnt bring these people into New Holland. They came on their own. Youve already saved my life once and we owe you for that. 
Well, seeing that all of you are used to me coming through, Id better not fail this time  I cant, he stated, and then glanced away. 
On the contrary, she disagreed. You never had to do anything. You helped us and never asked for any kind of compensation.  You seem to have an interest in this that goes beyond just saving my niece-or is that just my imagination? 
He sighed and after a pause declared, children are the most innocent beings we have. They should be off limits to anyone, no matter what turmoil exists. 
She held her head down for a second and then gazed out over the wet, green lawn. 
 My brother thinks so much of you, she admitted.  Just being herewell, that means a lot. Hes not used to feeling powerless. 
I understand-Ive been there. Thats not a place Id ever want to go to again, 
She shook her head in agreement. Still, he sensed there was more she wanted to say.  She turned and leaned back on the banister so she could face him.  She took a breath and posed a question. 
Do you ever wish you were immortal? 
After a moment he answered. 
God made me the way he meant for me to be for this world-for now anyway. If I was meant to be an immortal, I would have been. If Im meant to be one in the future, I will be. It would be nice to never grow old and live on and on. But, I dont know if Im wise enough to decide. 
What if it meant being with someone you loved? She put to him. 
Then Id wish for immortality a trillion times over, he replied. 
Is that the very first gift youd wish for if you had the power? 
No, he denied. 
What would you wish for then? 
No more death, he avowed.  
She leaned her head on his shoulder.
 Im not use to being afraid. But, I am. Im so scared right now. And whats worse, after this is all over, whatever the outcome, you may not be around to tell me that were going to be alright. 
He smiled slightly.
You were alright before I came and youll be alright when Im gone. 
He leaned in and kissed her. Afterward, he held her with his left arm as she buried her head in his chest and sighed. She was nervous, horrified and stressed to the limit. She was in danger of losing both her niece and the man she loved.
	Two hours after the first call, Eva phoned Alexander. Instead, Thomas answered and indentified himself. He informed her from that point on; Alexander would be out of the picture. He told her to shut up and to listen. He stated that he was the man who killed Vondell-no one else. He portrayed Alexander as the man who lied to protect him. He also reasoned that Alexander was a man of the law, not a crook. And, if he was, he wouldve simply killed her and Kathleen the very first time he suspected them without obtaining a warrant. He made her see that Alexander taunted her because she got the best of him in court. Furthermore, he asserted that he was not going to stand by and let an innocent man take the blame for his actions. If she didnt like it, he told her she could go back to the hell she came from. 
Thomas was not a man who used a lot of needless words. He usually got his point over to people in one attempt. In order to disarm her arrogance, he warned her that even though she had Danielle, they still had her Brice. If she harmed her in any way, shape or form, he would personally see that his torture would be so long and so unbearable that he would curse the day she brought him into the world. She was going to deal with him-like it or not. Hunters never bluffed and Eva, who was a very perceptive woman, knew from his voice that he meant exactly what he said. She could have never left her son to such a fate or tolerate him hating her for screwing up his rescue. After all, he was captured because she allowed him to talk her into the attempted abduction of Alexander. As monstrous and evil as she was, she was a mother all the way down to her bones and would have done whatever needed to save her children. Thomas logic was inescapable and so were his threats. She claimed that she didnt care who killed Vondell, as long as she had the right person. She agreed to deal with only him and promised he would answer for her husbands death. This, she stood firm on. 
So be it, he barked defiantly.
	Once that issue was settled, she gave him instructions on where to bring Brice. She understood that he would be chained in a metal restraint jacket and under heavy guard due to his ability to transform and escape. She accepted the reality that a number of police personnel would be present but wouldnt be allowed to interfere in their personal feud. Thats why she instructed him to have Brice brought to 13th Street-down by the water front. That street ran straight into the on ramp of the old Golgotha Bridge, which was closed and slated for explosive demolition the following morning at 7:30. She made her wishes clear. He and anyone with him had to stay parked at least five blocks away from the Bridge on 13th Street and Fifth Avenue at 10:00 pm. She wanted to survey the area and check for any traps. She wasnt under any illusions. She knew that no matter what she threatened he would bring extra back up-hidden or in plain sight. She would have done the same in his place. Both sides distrusted each other so she didnt expect him to act any different than how she would have. The name of game was to win. How she won was irrelevant. She said she would call once more and tell Thomas where to go next for the actual trade off. Afterward, she promised to reveal Danielles location as well as proof that she was alive and breathing. 
Once their conversation was over, Thomas summoned his friends. He pulled them outside and whispered some very specific instructions. He ordered Shawn and Brandon to head north across town and sit in hiding on the other side of the old Golgotha Bridge. He then ordered his other men to pick up Brice and use one of their special heavy duty vehicles. He ordered three more Hunters, who were outside the palace, to head to the bridge. His instructions to them were also unheard by the Nokovic family. They wondered about his actions, but didnt question him. He stepped back inside to speak with Xavier. He had one question. 
Do you know someone that youre close enough to that can get me a group of military helicopters? 
The family over heard him but didnt have a clue as to what he was planning. 
What does he need with a helicopter? Darcia quietly posed.
 I know the Prime Minister, Xavier responded. 
Think he can be talked into letting us use a few if we need them?
Dont worry, Xavier assured. He knows me too. And hell do exactly what I tell him to and when. Why? What are you on to? 
I dont know for sure yet. Thomas thought out loud as he folded his arms.  A statement she made to Alexander earlier. It may mean nothing, or it may mean everything. 
That night of reckoning would be the last time she and her hated enemies would cross paths-so she planned. As her clan kept a watchful eye on the clock and prepared to welcome them with a surprise, created with her specifications, she left them and went off to be by herself. Shortly afterward, in the tower of the St. Danes Cathedral, a place where her foes never guessed she would return, she sought privacy. Even if they ran into her, they couldnt touch her. She had a hostage. She needed time alone to be with her thoughts and ponder what was to come. Being the master of her race, she had the unique ability to convert in separate stages, in any order she chose. She could sprout wings and still retain the rest of her human form. She could altar herself in any combination that pleased her. The rain was not always heavy but was relentless all night. So much was happening so fast. She needed to slow down-to catch her breath-to mourn. Clothed in a simple, medieval style, light colored dress; she stood high above the city. Although barefoot, the cold, damp cement floor felt as comfortable as a warm carpet to her feet. She rolled up her dress and stepped out onto the ledge. She sat down and crossed her legs over each other and rested her arms on her knees. The rain pelted her. The noise of the municipality below rose up from the streets and faded within the sound of the downpour. Black umbrellas covered the bustling boulevards as she spied down on unsuspecting New Hollanders. She sat motionless. Then, a series of crackling sounds behind her ensued. Two wings slowly and inharmoniously erected out from her back and spread from side to side. After their completion, they curled around her. Her human beauty contrasted sharply with the enormous limbs that protruded out of her. She looked picturesque. Such loveliness and yet, her wings represented her hideous side. Avenues of rain water streaked over the top of her parted hair. They rolled onto her hand and dripped off the tips of her fingers. She appeared to almost be in some sort of hibernation stage. With nothing but the glum weather to keep her company, she stretched out her hand as it turned to solid, gray stone. She allowed water to settle in her stiff palm like a cup. Once the water filled, as easy as she breathed, her hand instantly returned to flesh in the blink of an eye. The stone dissolved away into dust and fell from her hand and fingers along with the water that slithered between them. Her desire to hold onto what she lost, which was her old life, her husband-the most beautiful man she had ever known, like water, simply slipped away. She had reached out to him. Somewhere in the night, she suffered to hear his voice-to feel his touch. She closed her eyes and made a fist as though to grab hold of him somehow-someway. The reality of saying goodbye to someone she loved for centuries flooded her mind. She truly didnt want to go on without him. Her pain was like a large spike in her chest that couldnt be removed. Her wound hurt. Like a movie reel in her mind, each time she envisioned him-his smile-his laugh, it was always when they were courting back in the old days-back when they were in Germany before their lives were turned upside down. Her body trembled as she lost her composure to a wave of grievous emotions. As much as she tried, she couldnt fool herself. He wasnt there, nor would he ever be again. Tear drops plopped onto her legs. Wet from both human and God given water, she flapped her wings gently-shaking off the precipitation. In her moments of weakness, she could only ask why-why was he taken from her? Although she had snatched an innocent child for ransom, in her convoluted, mental world, her husband was also innocent. In the beginning, many, particularly the Nokovic family, underestimated the magnitude of her loss and what she would do in response. None of them would ever make that mistake again. Her treachery reached the limits of no return. Her back was against the wall and like any mother of her species, she peeled away all her morals and boundaries for the survival of her kind. 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
	Before The Hunters and the Nokovic family prepared to leave, Thomas approached Kerri who was armed and ready for trouble. He hesitated for a second and then spoke.
Can I ask you to do me a big favor? 
She hung on his words. 
Would you consider staying here until this is over? 
She glared at him-her eyes filled with perplexity.
 Why would you ask me that? My niece is in the hands of some woman who eats humans to stay live. Why would I stay here? 
Because Pessia needs you, thats why. Andthe situation may become very deadly and I wouldnt want anyone from your family to get hurt, especially you. 
She realized that he was only worried about her safety and understood he wouldve been deeply wounded if she was killed. 
She placed her hand softly on his face and promised, I know this could turn very ugly. I wont get in your way. But, if anything happens to Danielle, I have to be there. Not only that, youre going to be dealing with those animals up close and all alone. And thats why Im going with you. 
He valued the fact that she was just as worried about him as he was about her. She made up her mind that whatever ill fate befell him or Danielle, she was going to be out there with the rest them. Impending danger can often bring a persons deepest and most true feelings to the surface. The fact that he was more likely to lose his life in Evas trap caused hers to bloom out of control. As everyone walked outside to their cars, she jerked forward and kissed him hard and with fervor. 
Youre no good for me; at least thats what most of my family say. I guess Im more like my brother than I ever wanted to admit.  
Yeah, I guess you are. He agreed. 
She headed for the door as he followed. She sat in the front seat of the car as Xavier drove. Darcia and Jacqueline sat in the back. Since they knew the city a lot better than Thomas, he led them to the location designated by Eva. There, a host of black sedans and SUVs were parked on both sides of the street facing the old Golgotha Bridge. A few moments later, Alexander pulled up behind them accompanied by a number of unmarked vehicles containing his men and policemen. The truck that held Brice under armed guards was also present. 
The bridge was an incredibly enormous and opposing structure made of dark gray and black stone. The bridge had stood since the late 1800s. Thats why the city constructed a new one for the sake of safety. 
	They all waited. They eyed everyone on the street and in their cars as they came past. The city was full of traffic as usual. People traveled in packs as they did in St. Viktersburg during the season of the vampires. Like their neighbors, New Hollanders were suddenly armed and ready to defend themselves against a force they insisted was impossible to exist in their world. Xavier took the opportunity to leave his car and go across the street to see Thomas. He came around the passenger side and requested to get in, to which his new comrade obliged him. Immortal or not, he was worried although he hid his anxiety well. After a few moments of small talk, he asked Thomas a little about himself and how he grew up. He didnt have the chance earlier with all the excitement. Besides, he needed someone to take his mind off his daughters circumstances. Thomas gave him a brief history of his childhood and his favorite period in life, which were his adolescent years. He spoke of the activities, school trips and all the great fun he had enjoyed in high school. 
Xavier looked at him with regret. He always felt as though he was somehow born out of sync with his surroundings as a child and later, an adolescent. He sensed that he had missed out on the time he was meant to be placed into.
 I envy you. You got to enjoy all the great teen years that many of us never had the chance to. Me, my sister-all my cousins, were born into a blood war. I never really had time or a chance to experience those years without constant violence and death looking over my shoulder or staring me in the face. 
Thats a shame, Thomas added. Sucks that we cant turn back the clock and do at least some of our life over again-isnt it? 
Xavier nodded in agreement and then posed another question. 
Can I ask you something? 
Sure, Thomas acknowledged. 
Why do you and the others do what you do? 
At first he didnt reply and just took a deep breath. 
Then he confessed, To make a long story extremely short-five years ago, I lost my younger brother and my baby sister. Two vampires brutally and without mercy, carved them up like animals for blood andfor the fun of it. Even worse, I was there. I promised them, my family and myself that regardless of what happened to me, I was never going to let what happened to them, happen to anyone else.  David was his name. Anyway, I looked out for him from the time we were toddlers until he died. I still see him as a little boy, no matter how hard I try to totally think of him as an adult, which was when his life ended. Every time I remember him, or whenever I dream about him, hes always that little boy-that little brother of mine who use to depend on me to climb up on the kitchen counter and get his cookies and to teach him how to wash during baths
Xavier was stunned. He had no idea. 
And what happened to your sister? 
Thomas swallowed hard.
 My sister was just six years old. Her name was Danielle.
Xavier let out a dreadful gasp and shook his head in sympathy. He didnt know what to make of what he had just been told. Thomas explanation was so tragic and yet so understandable to him. 
Im sorry. Nothing is worse than losing a child-nothing. You areincredibly strong and loyal to keep going on after all that. 
Humph, Thomas reacted. Im not so strong. 
Im sure they would disagree. I believe no matter what you say or think theyre proud of what youve done. 
After a moment of silence he further asserted, Daniellehow strange. And yet, my Danielle, who doesnt warm up to anyone outside her immediate family, gushes every time you come near-like a big brother or something. Ive never seen her like that before. And I dont know what to make of that, except that children know when someones heart is pure. Maybe they sense when they remind grown-ups of other children.
Thomas listened without an immediate response. Talking about his sister was a raw spot for him. 
 No one is going to harm your daughter, no matter what I have to do. 
Xavier shook his head and wanted so much to believe him. Regardless of how he preferred the situation to be to his liking or what the other immortals said and thought about him, he trusted Thomas more than anyone else to save Danielle under the circumstances. 
Theres one matter Im curious about. Thomas asked. What does skeleton143 stand for on your license plates if youre the very first one? 
Xavier looked poignantly and disclosed, Thats for my mother. Alexis, was my godmother centuries ago and my mothers best friend long before the Gothic Wars. She became my mother when Dwayne Valdis murdered both my biological parents. The numerals 143 are simple. Theyre on there to honor her, and for giving me life. She was born in the first month of the year, on the fourth day, of the third century. There you have it, Skeleton143. I maybe the first, but she will always be number one. 
 When it comes to parents, there can only be one at the top, and mothers always occupy that spot, Thomas proclaimed. 
He looked ahead through the windshield, then back at Xavier and noted with approval, 143most proper as they say.
At 10:40 pm, Eva called Thomas for the last time. She instructed him to drive down onto the bridge. However, she told him once his car and the vehicle containing her son entered, they were to stop once they traveled fifty feet or so. She knew that the authorities would have to assist in his release and was cautious. Even still, she wasnt as anxious as they were. As a matter of fact, she was extremely confident. She had already made assurances that protected her from any kind of double cross. 
Thomas, the truck containing Brice, the car carrying Xavier and his family and four Skeletons in a third car drove down the hilly street to the on ramp of the bridge. As a precaution, he ordered the truck with Brice and the other cars to remain off the bridge. When Thomas came to a stop, a set of head lights flashed on from two sedans a short distance in front of him. He stepped out alone as he was instructed to and stood there. Eva and a couple of her body guards approached him, and then stopped at about forty paces. They knew all too well how dangerous he was. Eva stood tall in her lengthy, black coat that had a touch of velvet that made her look like a Queen or true minister of darkness. The bottom nearly touched the ground and flared out around her in the wind. 
	She demanded to know where Brice was. Thomas declined to offer any clues as to whether he was dead or alive until he saw proof that Danielle was safe. She agreed. She pulled out her cell phone and made a call. She spoke quietly with someone. 
Here, she stated loudly as she tossed her phone to him.
Wait for the evidence on the screen, she advised. 
Her phone came with video capability in which people could send live footage straight to her for viewing. The screen lit up. Danielle was in dimly lit and grim surroundings. A man in the video stood behind her. Her feet and hands were bound. The man told her to speak and tell them that she was ok. She did as he instructed. The man never showed his face. He held up the latest evening news edition of the Gothic Times, the largest circulation in the city. The newspaper had the present date printed on the front page, which indicated that she was indeed still alive. The coding time of the live video feed also confirmed that fact. 
After proof was provided, the man who held her captive transformed into his alter ego. His tongue rolled out of his mouth as saliva dripped from the tip and onto the ground. He picked Danielle up by her torso and held her like a rag doll. Her eyes widened in fear. He opened his mouth, but not to eat her. He inhaled deeply and then exhaled heavily in her face. Out came a mist of green fog that put her into a deep sleep. He then proceeded to take his finger and cut her across the chest, marking and infecting her with the virus from his poisonous claws. Once his DNA entered her blood stream, he assessed that she would be cursed like the others to walk the earth as a hideous monster. And since she was immortal, that potentially meant forever. He laid her down on a stone bench that was among other items from the outside dcor of some place that seemed very familiar to Thomas.  
	Once again, Eva demanded her son. Thomas refused until she gave him Danielles location. She gave her word that once Brice was in her custody, she would tell him exactly where she was. She claimed to be a woman of her word, and this was true. Afraid to take any unnecessary chances with Danielles life, he agreed. He ordered Brice brought to him. 
The reason he didnt want Xavier or the family to get too close is because they were personally involved. People who are related in those types of matters often let their emotions get the better of them and as a consequence, take their own action. Theyre sometimes likely to let their heart do the thinking instead of their heads. Theyre simply too close to the situation to see objectively. He didnt want them to endanger Danielle and cause Eva to get spooked and cause irreparable harm to her.
	Two policemen escorted Brice over. His ankles were shackled with chains. His torso was bound from his waist to his neck in the metal jacket. Thomas barked out his orders as he shoved him ahead. 
Go on, you snot nosed little bastard!
 Brice carefully walked toward Eva. 
Once he reached her she turned him around and saw that the restraints needed a key, to which she didnt have. 
I need a key to remove thisthing from his body!  
Too bad, hes your son and hes alive. You find a way to get him out of it. Now wheres the girl? 
She made a face of pure distain at him. Her men took Brice to the car and sat him inside and waited for her. 
 The little girl is safe for now Mr. Dikane. Look around you. There are four, huge towers that anchor this great bridge. In one of them youll find her. But, its ten minutes to midnight. Soon, youll have just that and less to locate her in the right one. 
What are you trying to pull you rat? What are you babbling about?! Thomas growled. 
 Im talking about the demolition explosives that were placed all over this bridge and scheduled to go off tomorrow morning. We made a few changes. We rigged all of the explosives to go off at twelve tonight, the same time the great bell of the St. Danes Cathedral tolls. If you dont find her by the last strike of the bell, she dies. By the way, it takes twenty minutes or more for the average person to reach the top floor by using the outside foot path or the staircase inside the towers. 
She began to back up toward her sedan. 
  Choose wisely Mr. Dikane. You only have ten minutes to rescue a little girl that needs twenty. 
She smiled and stepped into her car on the passenger side. Both she and the second sedan turned around with their wheels screeching rapidly against the pavement. They sped off in the opposite direction across the bridge and out of sight. 
	Thomas radioed two of his Hunters, Williams and Lachlan. They were stationed on a side street at the off ramp at the other end. He suspected a trap. He ordered them to hurry onto the bridge and get up to the first two towers at their end and check to see if Danielle was in either of them. He called and motioned for Richter, another member. He hurried onto the bridge as Thomas motioned for him to take the tower on his left. Eva made a grave miscalculation. She was right about the time that would be needed to run to the top of the bridge tower at full speed using the cable steps. Unfortunately, she was not educated on the various weapons available to her adversary. Their power catapult device could be launched high and into the side of any solid structure. By pressing a button or lever, they could be pulled up at either slow or warp speed in seconds. 
Thomas ordered all of the vehicles off the bridge and away from the ramp entrance as he quickly briefed them by using his communicator on what transpired and the dilemma he faced. He and his fellow warriors catapulted up into the tower landings. They were huge-about the size of a building. They easily dwarfed the towers of the London Bridge. When Williams, Lachlan and Richter entered their separate towers they searched carefully and found no one. Time began to shrink. Every fragile minute that passed loomed larger with each tick of the clock. 
He entered the fourth tower and saw a dimly lit room further down the corridor. He ran past all the maintenance equipment and gargoyle statues that were removed from outside and stored inside. The city officials didnt want loose debris such as statues, benches and other attractions to be out in the open during the explosions. They were afraid they would become flying objects shooting in all directions, thereby, causing a safety hazard to the public. A few of the statues held sledge hammers in their hands, which weighed an excess of one hundred pounds. 
	Thomas stopped abruptly when he came face to face with the huge creature that held Danielle. He could see her lying on the bench twenty yards behind the monster. His job was to prevent Thomas from reaching her so they both would perish. He quickly radioed and informed his men that Danielle was located and ordered them off the bridge. The fiend made no moves toward him. He simply snarled and showed his teeth like a dog warning an intruder before he attacked. He stood there, flapping his tail repeatedly like an angry lion. Thomas didnt have time to waste. 
He stepped forward and was predictably attacked. The winged behemoth stood tall over him. He came down with his two fists, but missed and struck the floor with a thunderous impact. Thomas leapt out of the way to the side. Before he could pull out his weapons, the tail from the mighty beast came around at him and swatted him aside like a fly. He flew over onto the floor. He was fortunate enough to get hit by the middle of the tail and not the tip, which was poisonous and sharp. He was so intent on locating Danielle that he neglected to put on his face gear. The beast continued his attack. He took out his two pistols and stood rigid. The cursed creature pounded his hand on the floor. Suddenly, his body crumbled and disappeared into the concrete. Thomas stood still. In an instant, the monster rose up from the floor behind him. He swung and brought his fist down on top of Thomas head in an attempt to crush him. But the hulking giant was unaccustomed to battling someone so fast. Thomas waited until the last second and leapt to his right as two fists came down and smashed the floor-missing him by inches.
	He landed on the side of the wall as the monster threw a mighty swing that again, missed and smashed a hole into the wall. Thomas flipped off the concrete partition, up over the creature and blasted a barrage of gun fire into the top of his head. He landed on the floor behind his challenger and watched as Evas collaborator fell to the floor in death. Blood poured out as his shattered skull. He put his guns away and hurried over to Danielle. 
A voice screamed out over his radio device on his lapel.
 Thomas! Hurry! Youve only got a few minutes left! 
The voice belonged to Williams, who grew increasingly nervous with the passing of each second. Thomas tore the ropes from Danielles hands and feet. He was unaware that another gargoyle was at the entrance he had come through. However, instead of fighting, this one used his command over stone to seal the only entrance to the staircase and the window he entered through. The beast stretched his body out over the concrete and absorbed himself into the surface. The solid clay began to move over the doorway as a new wall formed and came together. The walls that surrounded the towers were all four feet thick. Only someone with Xaviers strength could punch and crash through such width and he was downstairs on the street below. The creature swooped down off the bridge and into the night skies, satisfied that he had constructed a permanent tomb for Thomas and Danielle. 
	Utter blackness engulfed them as he picked Danielle up in his arms. She let out a small moan as she struggled to awaken from her poisonous sleep. The blood from her chest seeped through the torn slits of her dress and onto his coat. He pulled out an ultra ray device with his right hand and flung it against the wall, which cracked and exploded. Light too bright to look upon with the naked eye streamed forward through the designed openings. He dashed toward the entrance. He reached the door, but all he saw was a wall. He was amazed and mystified. For a second, he thought he had lost his mind. Then, he remembered how easily gargoyles could become one with any type of concrete. There was silence as the light far behind allowed him to see his surroundings. He felt as though he was buried deep underground. As Williams repeated his warning the St. Danes church bell rang-shattering the night air. He had to act fast. He only had eleven strikes left. The bell sounded like the ocean crashing onto the shore followed by a wave of thunderous echoes that sent shudders down the spine. This added to the nervousness of all the onlookers involved. He gently laid Danielle on the floor. Even though everyone around him began to panic internally, including Xavier and his family, Thomas, true to form remained as cool as ever. To him, there had to be a way out.
	He quickly scouted his surroundings as the bell tolled again and again. He spotted the gargoyle statue he passed earlier upon entry. He noticed the huge sledge hammer embedded in its claws. Rather than attempt to crack the thick stone around the hammer, he used another approach. He took the palm of his hand and pressed hard and short as he exhaled a breath of air. The statue cracked and suddenly crumbled into pieces as the hammer fell to the ground. This was a variation of an ancient martial art form known as Dim-mak. This enabled him to crack an object at the ends, while at the same time, leaving the object in the middle undamaged. Despite the weight, he raised the hammer like a small stick.
	The light inside the tower slowly began to fade. He ran up to the wall that didnt face the staircase on the other side, but instead, faced the river. Danielle moaned again and then opened her eyes slightly. 
She was very groggy and whimpered, D-a-d-d-y. 
Her voice was very weak. She closed her eyes again and fell asleep. The bell rang for the last time. One second later, from a distance, he heard an enormous boom from outside. The explosives were going off beginning at the bottom of the bridge. Determined and driven by the weak cries of an innocent little girl, he swung his mighty hammer against the wall as the charges went off in succession. He swung again and again and again. The wall stood firm but he would not be denied his resurrection from the tomb he was sealed in.  He swung faster and harder as each explosion grew closer. The wall began to crack. 
One explosion went off in the rear of the tower. Fire erupted due to an accelerant added to the surface by Evas henchmen. Flames raced up the hall and surrounded them. He began to tire. His muscles tightened up and grew numb from the stress of so much exertion. His heart pounded almost too fast for him to catch his breath. He was exhausted. His strength was fading fast. The hammer, which felt light as a twig at the start, gradually seemed to weigh more than a wrecking ball. He took a deep breath and reared back once more as fire raced over the floor, up the walls and the ceiling. He swung one last time with all of his spiritual and physical might. The hammer struck the wall with such impact that the sound resembled another explosion. The damaging noises to the bridge drew ever closer as the solid mass of concrete crumbled and came crashing down. Chunks fell outward and into the dark depths hundreds of feet below. 
	Thomas quickly ran over to Danielle and scooped her up as flames rapidly closed in on them. He pulled out a thin wired cable with a hook and put it around her. He then hooked the piece onto his belt as her head rested on his shoulder. The bridge buckled and made a racket similar to the movement of the ground during the shelling by the great guns used during World War II. Then, the entire floor underneath shook and shifted like an earthquake as the bridge began to collapse. He hurried over to the opening he created. As everyone moved back and to the side of the bridges on ramp, Xavier, his family and all those present saw their images from the ground and gasped with horror. Kerri covered her mouth as did the others. People that were in the vicinity heard the explosions and witnessed the action. Traffic and people stopped in their tracks as parts of the structure began to drop into the gray waters of New Holland. 
Thomas held Danielle tight as he stood on the edge of the towers floor. As the entire bridge gave way he utilized the only option he had left. He leapt off and out into the air. The noise from the bridges disintegration sounded like the detonation of a bomb. The towers, the steel and the frame plunged into the water. The dust of so many components caused an enormous cloud of smoke from the explosions and debris, which rose up to the sky to meet the structure on the way down. 
Victoria, Xavier, Kerri, the Hunters, the police and all those who were within view, watched helplessly as Thomas and Danielle disappeared in the smoke and dust clouds on their way down to their doom. Victoria screamed out as she and Alexis and other members fell to the ground in anguish.  Xavier put his hand on the hood of his car and made a tight fist. He gritted his teeth and broke down as he slumped to one knee next to his Victoria. One of their little girls was gone. The Nokovic women cried out to the top of their lungs in an effort to exhale their pain and incredulity. The Hunters were in complete shock and absolute silence. 
 Nono, not him, Alexander muttered to himself. 
He and Shawn felt the worst because Thomas had taken their place in the situation between them and Eva. Darcia and Alexis pulled all the women together and wailed uncontrollably. Victoria lost her capacity to comprehend her loss. Seeing became somewhat difficult due to all the thick smoke and debris hovering in the air. 
She repeatedly called out Danielles name until the pain in her gut took all of her breath and energy away. 
She reached out and grabbed at the dust particles in an attempt to somehow touch some solid part of her daughter on the tips of her fingers. But she wasnt there.
	The police and the Hunters stood over the edge of the street that was once a part of the entrance ramp to the bridge. The structure completely vanished into the river. What were they going to tell Thomas family? How would they break the news to them? And how would they do without their best friend? The appearance of his death just didnt register with them so they stood motionless in total shock as only the grief of the Nokovic family split the night silence in half. The police were incapable of any type of rescue. All that remained now for those at the scene was the process of body recovery. Commissioner Winston now had a glimpse of what it meant to fight and possibly lose ones life at the hands of the forces that transcended the world he lived in during the dark season.  
Eight minutes after the bridge collapsed, a silver sedan quickly road up behind them as officers and the Hunters drew their weapons. The lights were set on high beam, which made seeing the driver impossible. Once the lights dimmed, the driver opened his door and just stood there. A second figure stepped out of the passenger door behind him. The shape resembled a man in a long coat. He reached in the back seat and picked up an object. They werent sure who he was or what he held. He approached through the thick, dust filled air until he finally came into view. Much to their disbelief, Thomas stood before them with Danielle in his arms. They were dingy and smelled like smoke. 
Victoria shouted as did all of the other women who were full of shock and joy- joy so great that she grabbed her daughter, fell to her knees and held her tight. Xavier grabbed both of them and held on. He looked up at Thomas, their hero. Before he could thank him, Thomas turned and hurried back to the car. His driver got in and sat behind the wheel. He didnt have time to stand around for gratitude or wait for applause. Modesty was his middle name. There was no posturing, and he certainly didnt wait to be hailed as some hero. He did what he did because he cared and for him, that was enough. There was still unfinished business to take care of. Before he left, he paused quickly to glance back at Danielle, who was surrounded by her family. Kerri looked at him and smeared the tears away from her dusty face. Although she didnt smile, the joy and relief within her eyes did. They contained her gratitude-gratitude so deep that any attempt to express such sentiment by mere words was simply impossible. If she or anyone else had doubts as to whether her infatuation or love for him was real, they evaporated when he brought her niece back from the jaws of death. 
He viewed them like a perfect picture on a wall. He was too late to save his sister five years earlier. However, he made good on his promise and saved the life of another child instead. This may have been a small measure of redemption in the grand scheme of things. However, this time he saved a life he wouldnt have been able to prior to his leadership as a vampire hunter. He gave a quick wink to Kerri and then got into the sedan. The driver turned the car around and sped off. 
	Thomass great escape was done behind a vast cloud of thick smoke. As the bridge collapsed, he dove out into the air and fell to a certain depth. The new Golgotha Bridge, which was constructed next to the old one, was just within range of his catapult. On his way down, he fired his hook line straight into the concrete section of the trestle just above the pavement. He pressed the lever and the wire pulled him and Danielle back up as he swung at a high speed past and underneath the bridge. Once the wire cable shortened, the speed of their dissention slowed. They were pulled above the railing. Once he gained control of his momentum, he slowly dropped down on the street lane of the structure. 
As people sometimes forgot, Thomas was always one or two moves ahead of his opponents. He knew that the logical place Eva would hide Danielle was in the tower. Anywhere else would have been too visible and that wouldve made her rescue too easy. She had a flare for torture. She wanted him to die slowly. She wanted him to be aware of what he was going through while helpless to stop his demise. 
However, he had a car and three of his Hunters stationed just off the ramp of the new bridge. Once he and Danielle were safe, he radioed for the car to head onto the bridge, where they were picked up. They were driven back down the street to the scene of the destruction where everyone assumed they had perished. As for the curse of the gargoyle placed on Danielle, his actions were useless. Immortals were immune to any and all fatal diseases and viruses. And no amount of evil, mystical power as of yet, was strong enough to hurt them. The mark carved into Danielles skin by the gargoyle only caused her some discomfort. Her lacerations healed in less than fifteen minutes. Like mother-like daughter.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
	Eva met with her attorney Degrossi on her way to the north region of England. With him, she felt confident that he could work his legal magic in case she had any problems crossing into Scotland. Remember, with all the excitement that began at the corrections center, they never got a court order to extradite her. Judge Hess was dead and his last ruling was for her to remain in jail until her sentence for contempt was served. However, she was technically a fugitive because she never turned herself back over to authorities until her trial date to decide if she was able to be released early.
Another positive aspect of her condition was that she was not English, but German. Even if she had been proven guilty by the courts in England, the Scottish would have allowed her to cross just to irritate their southern neighbors. Both of them were well aware of this. Besides, her business dollars meant a financial boom for their economy. 
The Hunters were basically a combination of English and Scottish. Thomas was half Hispanic and Scandinavian. That meant he was also from Gothic descent many generations past on his mothers side. Danas family originated from Scandinavia, the birth place of the gothic people. She herself had passed her Teutonic blood down to her children. He never really researched his family tree any further than his grandparents. Nevertheless, he was still an adopted English Goth like the rest of his countrymen who shared the same type of back ground. But because they were part of an eight hundred billion dollar Empire, no one tampered with them on either side of the border because of the power they wheeled. 
Degrossi decided to take Yorkshire Drive, a major street that ran through the city and out to the highways leading to the north of England. Once the street reached the suburbs the ride was very scenic. He drove past Hamptonville Park-the last large recreation site within the city limits. Snow had begun to fall on the wet gray, cobble stone streets, which were pleasantly famous in that part of downtown. With a smile on her face, Eva was content that she had destroyed the lives of Thomas Dikane and a five year old child who was completely innocent of any wrong doing to her or anyone else. 
They crossed into the intersection of Yorkshire and Hollowed Soul Court when their bodies were jarred violently from the right of their car by a huge silver truck. The massive thirty five ton, tri-axel behemoth slammed into them at a high speed. A stack of long spikes pierced their doors and pushed the car on its side, which crumpled under the weight and force of the impact. A host of screams rose up from pedestrians who witnessed the collision. The spikes attached to the grill of the truck were four feet long and was driven by Shawn. Brandon accompanied him. 
Thomas figured right. She headed for the border, but the route she took was very important. He knew once the exchange for her son was complete, she would flee the country. There were many other highways she could have taken. Unfortunately, highways like the M-13 and the S-666 were the most crowded and sometimes slow moving. But Yorkshire Drive was the fastest thru way in the country but added a half hour ride to Scotland. The spikes, five inches in diameter at its thickest point, impaled Brice who was seated in the back with Kathleen and Eva on his left. She avoided sitting in the front for fear of being spotted by the police. Degrossi was killed instantly from the collision. The park had allowed Shawn to spot their car far down the street, aided with the fact that they were tailed from the time they made the exchange on the bridge.
	Shawn and Brandon jumped out of the truck and leapt onto the hood.  Brice remained pinned under the cars twisted metal. Blood seemed to be gushing out of him by the gallons. Shawn and Brandon were very careful not to rush the car. They had seen and learned enough about the Sandagauls to know they were full of surprises. Furthermore, they possessed raw power. Kathleen screamed repeatedly for her Brice as Eva smashed and tore the car hood open to make a way for them to escape. Brice yelled for them to run and that he would be fine. They refused. 
Kathleen began to cry, fearing the worst for him. He ordered her to run as she held onto his arms and attempted to free him. With each pull, he screamed in agony. The spikes were such that once they were in someone; their insides were ripped to shreds upon exit. Reason being, they were hooked shaped just below the points. Even as a gargoyle, his insides would have been turned into spaghetti once the spikes were pulled out. Eva held Brices head as Shawn and Brandon reached for their weapons. She knew that her only son was done for and couldnt be saved. Her face was full of unspeakable pain. Immediate tear drops fell from her cheeks as she struggled frantically with Brice in an effort to somehow free him. Gun or no gun, his death was certain to come from his impalement. She grabbed his head and squeezed him with all the love a mother could possess for her child. Her face squinted and tightened up in sheer torture as she kissed him firmly on his fore head-hoping to ease his suffering. He was more concerned about them staying alive. He made her promise that she would kill all those who wrecked their family and their lives. Then, he pushed her away with all the love and unselfishness he had in his soul for her. 
She grabbed Kathleen as both quickly darted around the corner. Brandon gave chase. Brice transformed but he still couldnt break free without the agony and incredible blood loss.  He howled and snarled. Shawn pulled out a short, double barrel shot gun from his leg holster. He stood over him-fearless and without mercy. 
No use wiggling tonight big boy. This ones for you. 
He blasted four rounds into Brice. His huge, clinched fists opened up as he went silently into death.  Brandon ran back to the truck and saw Brice dead inside the wreckage. Unfortunately, he lost Eva and Kathleen. 
	A couple of hours passed since Thomas spectacular and electrifying rescue. He was informed by Shawn that although he and Brandon attempted to kill all the Sandagauls, the two women got away. He had a hunch as he and three of his Hunters sat in front of the last house Eva occupied. He was very frustrated. To his relief, her plan of escape was foiled-temporarily. She had lost her head start to the border and her son in the process. Her only alternative was to hide somewhere in the city until another opportunity arose for her to escape. The noose around her neck was tightening. If they could locate her once, they could locate her again. Thomas slammed his fist down on the dash board in annoyance. 
Where could she be? He snapped.  
After ten minutes of silence, the answer became so clear. Fog was the key word that stuck in his mind. He sent Keith to accompany the military helicopters to some of the biggest churches and towers in New Holland. They were also in the foggiest part of the city, which was located in the north.  Fog was so thick that rush hour traffic in the morning sometimes stood still. The white mist sometimes covered a radius of thirty miles. They searched and came up empty. She told Alexander that they were out in the open. 
Thomas realized that she meant fog in the literal sense. The vapor was an actual cover that allowed her and her followers to hide in plain view. Gargoyle images near the top of the Black Skull Plaza were hard to see during the day-let alone during the night. The newly celebrated landmark rose above the clouds, which made visibility from the ground impossible to see the top third of the structure. 
He noticed on his arrival that there were only a small number of statues on the building. If his hunch was right, they would find thousands of them when daylight struck. But he was not about to wait until then. He had Keith arrange to have the military helicopters head for the vicinity of the plaza. He told them to stay below the clouds. He didnt want the flesh eaters to know that their resting place had been discovered. Having the security of her hidden spot would make Eva feel safer until she came up with a better plan to get away. He waited through the night to give her time to return. 
	When the gray covered skies finally revealed daylight, Thomas requested eight military helicopters to take to the air. In attendance were not only his men, but Xavier as well. He had a score to settle with all of them. Thomas plan was to wipe them out in one bold stroke. But, there were problems. This meant severely damaging the outside of the building. To complicate matters, Mayor Fritz refused to allow any such action in his city. He believed that much fire power so high above would endanger people on the ground. He insisted that the military, the police and all their allies would have to find another way. Prime Minister Romanski recounted his disapproval because the Black Skull Plaza was a federal Building and built with federal funds. Therefore, he decided what was done to the building and when. He ordered Mayor Fritz to block off the area in a three mile radius. The gargoyle problem was going to be dealt with one way or another. 
The helicopters took off and headed toward their target. If Thomas was wrong, he would look incompetent in front of the officials who opposed his very presence in their city. The pilots lifted their crafts above the misty, gray weather. When they did, they witnessed a shocking site. There were gargoyle statues as far as the eye could see. They were all at rest in stone on all four sides of the building. They were on top, on the side and underneath each other attached to the ledges. There were thousands upon thousands of them. They were green, gray, black and some were even white. Some were small, which were the babies. They had no idea there were so many. The site was creepy, like a pile of ants or thousands of spiders or snakes twisted and heaped on top and all around each other.
	The helicopters positioned themselves and surrounded the entire building. Their hideous forms, featuring their long sharp teeth, frozen screams and arms stretched out over the inhabitants of the city below like a great plague about to devour them. Once in position, the Commander in charge looked at Thomas and Xavier who nodded for him to proceed. 
Fire! The Commander ordered. 
Two gunners from each helicopter opened up a blistering barrage of fire power that nearly shattered the ear drums. To those who were within hearing distance below, the shells resembled a war up in the clouds. The gunners began at the top and worked their way down. The evil that surrounded the outer surface was so great that at first, the bullets just glanced away. After a few moments, they began to slowly chip away and eventually shatter the images. Some were so large and embedded so deeply into the structure and each other that the helicopters resorted to heavier arms. They fired small rocket grenades that blasted through the smooth and infused layers of the cursed animals. Chunks and sometimes entire sections of them plunged to the ground and shattered into smaller pieces. The skies lit up with the colors of red and yellow from the explosive fire power.
	After what seemed to be a long opening round in the beginning of a great battle, the gunmen ceased fire. The smoke and dust that surrounded them was so concentrated that they had to wait until the air cleared the smog and floating debris particles in order to view the results of their assault. The building was damaged but free of every gargoyle, which appeared as though they grew out of the structure like branches from a tree. A significant of amount of damage was done to the inside as well; yet, the building was still structurally sound. 
The streets below were littered with concrete. People couldnt see above the cloud cover to witness the fantastic combination of raw violence from the guns and grenade shells that highlighted their impact. Cars, windows, trees and any object that was unfortunate enough to be in the path of falling rock was destroyed. 
Thomas simply didnt believe that Eva would rest in stone on the outside knowing they were closing in on her. He figured that she was inside, hidden somewhere while her clan became the open sacrifice. And why not-she didnt care about them. They were her slaves, her subjects who were created by her to do her bidding. She only had concerns for three people in her life and two of them were dead. The top section of the building was made like the tower of the old Golgotha Bridge. The color of the stone was jet black. He requested for the Commander to hover directly above the observation deck, which was box shaped and still under construction inside.  The construction crews had yet to seal up the tower with fencing to prevent accidental falls or jumpers who may have wanted to commit suicide. The deck resembled the style of one built on top of the Empire State Building-a structure that had stood in New York City since 1933. The Black Skull Plaza observation floor was more than three times the size of the Empire State Building. He checked his mask and gloves. He made sure his outfit covered his skin completely. He had to wait until the night returned in order for Eva to appear from wherever she slept, which was another twenty-four hour cycle away. Now, they had to be patient. She was not about to attempt an escape from the structure knowing they were outside waiting for her. She was trapped-so to speak. Thomas didnt want to go in after her until just before dawn. That way, she would be pressed to face them with the threat of becoming a helpless stiff once the light arrived.
	The clock completely rolled around again as new day approached. Thomas and his men made their move. The helicopters took off from neighboring skyscrapers as other planes and aviation vehicles roamed the night skies non-stop for twenty-four hours during surveillance. Thomas used a cable for his dissention down to the deck. Once he landed, he looked up as the wind blew violently. The pilot struggled to maintain a sixty to seventy feet distance from the ground. After he unhooked himself, he waited for Xavier to lower himself down. He refused to hook himself to a cable. Instead, he just leapt out the doorway. 
Hey! Hey! The Commander cried out in a panic.
He really Xavier had jumped to his death or at least would receive a pair of badly shattered legs. Thomas eyes narrowed in curiosity. He had no idea what his friend was doing. When he landed, the ground vibrated as his knees buckled under his body. His legs immediately ejected him back up like a pair of powerful spring shocks.  
How in the world did he do that? He asked one of his gunners. 
I have no idea, the gunner replied with a look of fright in his eyes. 
What kind of people are you? The commander asked Williams, a newer member of the Hunters. 
Forget it, youd never believe me anyway, he answered. 
Xavier calmly walked over to Thomas, who was amazed but unable to show his expression because of his mask. They both began to search the outside of the deck. The night wasnt going to last much longer so they had to find them quickly. Williams and another new Hunter named Phillips, who was loyal but much too gung-ho or overzealous, made an ill advised decision to follow them down to the deck. They were told to wait in the helicopter. 
	Thomas and Xavier met at the original spot after they completely circled of the deck. The wind was so strong and blustery that hearing was difficult. Xavier detected a slight crackling sound behind them as Thomas looked away in the other direction. The noise was like unto the kind that gargoyles made when traveling through stone at high speeds. They turned around and just like that, they were face to face with Eva and Kathleen who had purged their human forms through the wall of the observation deck. The dark skies covered the surface of the city enough for both women to function at full power.
Eva had on a long black, gothic coat similar to the one she wore on the Golgotha Bridge. Around her neck was a broach just below her collar. She had what appeared to be a white, European, 19th century dress scarf wrapped around her neck that plunged neatly down into her coat. Kathleen dressed in a full length coat that had Asian like fastenings. Her sleeves were slightly flared at the end. Their collars were high and Kathleens was held together by buckled straps. Their hair blew across their face. There was silence as Thomas and Xavier fearing an ambush, anxiously stood and faced them. Her eyes communicated every word she could have spoken in any language. She noticed the dust on Thomas coat, which indicated his survival from her deadly trap. The man she believed responsible for her husbands death was still alive. That burned, taunted and irritated her to no end.
The darkened inside of the observation deck didnt deter the two men. This would be their final confrontation. She had grown more weary and bitter each time she dealt with them. One or all of them were going to die and she was determined to make sure Thomas was a casualty. 
 Mask or no masks, it makes no difference. Youll never leave here. The gentleman on your lefthe looks familiar. But, I guess he wasnt important enough for me to remember. Xavier kept his composure, as difficult as that was.
Im the father of the little girl you tried to murder, you lump of sewer crap. Trust me; youre going to remember who I am, just before you take your last breath, 
In a flash, two of her wings tore through the back of her coat and fanned out behind her-her eyes with a yellow glow indicating her rage.  Like mother, like daughter, Kathleen did the same. Moving in perfect harmony, the two women backed up and disappeared into the wall. Xavier immediately gave chase. He slammed into the hard exterior as his body suddenly seemed to move in slow motion on impact. Then, within the blink of an eye, he too, vanished into the surface. The women were unaware that as an immortal, he was also a shape shifter. Thomas hadnt seen such abilities since his conflict with vampires.  The inside was basically empty and incomplete-with locked doors leading to stair cases to the lower floors. The lights were dim. The decks cube was totally sealed and the only other way in or out was by elevator. Before Eva and Kathleen had time to turn around, Xavier was behind them. 
You can run, but you cant hide, 
They were startled and then realized he entered the building the same way they did. 
What manner of curse permits you to master stone without being a gargoyle? Eva insisted with annoyance. 
His only answer was a reaction. He reached into his waist and pulled out a gun that could cast a net over her from a distance. Unfortunately, her reflexes were impeccable. 
No! She growled loudly. 
Before he could fire, she shoved her hand into the floor. Instantly, the hardened cement rose up from the ground and began to wrap around his ankles. His eyes widened as he looked down with wonder. The stone snaked upward and engulfed him like a gray cast from his feet up to his waist.  Her intentions were to suffocate him. At first, he was unsure of what to do. Even immortals needed air to live. He showed no expression of panic or distress. He merely gazed at her with a scowl. He dropped his gun to the floor and just stood there as the gray material reached his neck. Finally the solid blight covered him completely. She removed her hand from the floor and stood up-proud of what she accomplished. 
After a few moments, she smiled as she looked at Kathleen, who glared back at her with warmth, approval and admiration. As they began to head outside to attack as a double team against Thomas, a crack was heard. They stopped as the statue of Xavier began to split. As sudden as a bolt of lightning, the stone exploded in all directions. He used his great strength to break free. He shook his shoulders quickly as pieces of concrete fell from them. 
Any more tricks? He asked with a conceited tone.	As those events transpired inside, Thomas needed to get inside quickly. Although the wall was two feet thick, Thomas was not deterred. He approached and placed his hand flat against the surface. He leaned backward and then pressed with all of his strength as he exhaled a short breath that punctuated his strain. The wall cracked and, then gave way on each side. The only part left was the middle which was reduced to a foot thinner than before. He swung his right elbow and smashed through with a thunderous impact. He made an opening without firing one shot from a gun. He recognized that if they could just hang tough until the daylight surfaced, they could finish off both women. 
Xavier looked behind him and saw Thomas, who immediately threw one of his handy ultra ray devices inside. The sphere hit the floor, cracked open and illuminated the low visibility of the deck. Eva and Kathleen hissed and hovered back against the walls and vanished. Thomas covered his eyes and relied on his sense of hearing until the light lessened enough for him to see. He knew that Eva and Kathleen could travel through stone, but couldnt remain inside indefinite because they were also made of flesh. They only had to wait. If the two women surfaced while the light was active, they were going to freeze in their tracks. If they resurfaced after the daylight rays subsided they were ready for them.
	Unexpectedly, Williams and Phillips stepped through the entrance, which distracted Thomas and Xavier, who stood in the middle of the huge observation tower. 
Thomas scolded them.
 What are you two doing here? I told you to wait in the helicopter! 
The light dimmed suddenly. Seemingly out of thin air Eva, now in the form of a gargoyle resurfaced and struck Phillips across the face and neck with her claws. Blood splattered onto Williams who was next to him. Phillips fell to the ground, but when he attempted to stand back up he froze and instantly became a life size statue of stone. Evas power was on display and her enemies were sorely impressed and horrified at the same time. They had no idea that her virus was so deadly that in her anger, she could turn her victims into a dead, solid object. Unlike her subjects, she was head and shoulders above them. She was a combination of gargoyle and a gorgon like Medusa, the Greek, mythological female who died with snakes placed on her head before she was decapitated. Her face was so hideous to look upon that those who did turned to stone. Evas eyes or horrid look didnt transform her victims in such a way. Instead, the cursed, contaminated blood that pulsated through her body was just as effective when she made accurate contact with her claws, tail or her teeth. 
	She had reached out from the wall above Phillips who mistakenly stood too close to her striking distance. That mistake ended his life. Thomas ran over to him but there was nothing he or anyone else could do. There was no reversal of his fate. She retreated to the hidden spaces inside the hardened material she was a part of. 
Wait here, Xavier instructed.
Have an idea? Thomas questioned. 
Just be ready, he assured and then added, time to end this calamity. Keep your eyes on the walls and the ceiling; someone maybe be coming through sudden like. 
He quickly walked away and vanished into the reddish sculptured, jagged style section of the wall. A few moments later, unutterable, violent screams and howls were heard from all around the inside of the deck, as though the walls had come to life and were moaning in anguish. 
The eyes of both Thomas and Williams remained fixed on where Xavier had disappeared. After a few moments, they beheld a sight that they would never, ever forget. One of the gargoyles head protruded out of the wall reluctantly. The night crawler was being driven-forced to exit the stone against her will. She howled and screamed loud enough to hurt Thomas and Williams ears. Her tongue vibrated as the air flowed from her mouth. When her torso appeared they saw that the force behind her was Xavier. He had the arms of the great menace pinned behind her back in a grotesque position. He strained to extricate her completely from the wall but could go no further. There was also the danger of her pushing her way back inside. 
Xavier gritted his teeth with exertion. He glared intensely at Thomas as he struggled to hold her steady. He perceived Xaviers facial expression as a signal and seized the moment. He ran toward them as fast as he could and leapt up onto the wall just underneath the man eaters head. Xavier was on top and resembled a man who was on a horse attempting to steer and force the animal to go in his direction. He reached forward and pulled the top of the monsters mouth, which opened even wider. 
Thomas, in conjunction with Xaviers position, locked her huge neck in a grip. In one quick motion, he gripped her lower, sharp toothed jaw with his left and made sure he jammed his fingers into the soft gum area just beneath the teeth. He jerked her head to the right and braced himself with his feet against the wall for leverage. He quickly twisted and snapped her head back to the left and breaking her neck with a loud crack. He pulled down and broke the neck a second time for good measure. The two cracks shattered through all the commotion around them. He released his grip as the tongue, head and body fell limp. Xavier shoved the rest of the monster out from the wall, which fell to the ground with a great thud. 
Full grown gargoyles weighed two or more tons on average. When they landed, their bodies made quite an impact. Xavier exited the wall and quickly walked away as he surveyed the area. They all waited to see where the second fiend would surface from.  They instinctively stood in the center of the tower with their backs to each other. This kept anyone from sneaking up on them.
	The beast Thomas and Xavier slew gradually reverted back into the human form of Kathleen. But Eva, the most dangerous one of all, was still hidden and ready to strike. There was little time left before morning would begin to overtake the night. They heard the familiar crackling and searing sound as she vibrated through the concrete. She saw Kathleen on the floor-dead. She opened her mouth and let out a scream that nearly pierced their ear drums. The noise was long and uncut. The echo of her voice was only made worse because of the dome shaped ceiling. She began to flap her mighty wings with a speed that surpassed any fowl of the air. Wind began to build so fast that the three could barely stay on their feet. Soon, conditions became as a hurricane and they began to slip backwards. They couldnt fire their guns. Because of the wind speeds, their shells wouldve been misdirected away from her.
	With gusts that topped well over one hundred and thirty miles per hour, they pulled their catapult hooks out and were set to fire in the direction of the wind and into the wall behind them. Afterward, they would allow the wind to take them near the entrance and then hold on until they were out of the path of her wrath.  Before they could utilize this maneuver, her screams ceased. The air currents died down. She gently picked Kathleen up in her arms. Her wings covered her naked body. She held her like a new born baby she had just given birth to. They were astounded at her reaction. Tears suddenly ran down her hideous face. Thomas had witnessed many supernatural encounters. But not even he had ever seen a gargoyle or any type of living entity in beastly form, cry tears of sadness. As her shiny, marble black eyes blinked repeatedly, tear fluids filled them again. A line of blood flowed from the corner of Kathleens mouth due to here broken neck. They pulled out their guns. She stared at them and suddenly held up her hand in submission. 
You wont need to those anymore, she lamented. 
Suddenly, Thomas looked down at his feet and saw his shadow at a different angle. Daylight had crept up on them and she knew that. She could have fought and maybe survived her battle with them. But, the morning had arrived. There was no time to fly off and hide anywhere else. She lost her husband, her son, and her daughter. The truth was, even if she had been given enough time to escape, she wouldnt have chosen to. She could have lived on with at least one of her family members. However, she lost all of those she loved and therefore, lost the will to live without them. She didnt want to be in any world where they didnt exist because like every other creature, human or not, family was always everything to her. 
Soon, youll be rid of this curse, and like my family, so will I, she declared somberly as she walked past them. 
The skies, though gray and obscure, was just as deadly as the rays from the sun. She stopped momentarily before venturing out into the light. She took one last deep breath and stepped out through the large entrance Thomas had made earlier. She slowly paced for a distance and then halted. Her clawed feet began to stiffen. The stone began to travel slowly up her ankles as she sat down on the ground.  She flapped her large, majestic wings two or three times as she held Kathleen. As the daylight took effect, she made one final decision. As she sat with her back to them, she reverted back to the magnificent female she was-back to one of the most beautiful creatures that had ever lived before she was cursed with such ugliness. There she sat with her legs crossed-naked and defeated. Her long black hair traced down her back as the stone moved up her legs. Kathleen also began to harden. 
She didnt start out in life as a beast, and she didnt want to die as one. Whether people understood or not, her curse was never of her own making. She too, was a victim-created by those who came before her. But, she and her kind had to die-without question. Before the stone completely covered her face, she kissed her daughter, looked up into the gray, gothic skies of New Holland and closed her eyes. Her face, along with tears that streaked down over her lips and came to rest at her chin, froze with a sad, grievous expression as she sat with Kathleen in her arms cased in solid white stone. 
Each man walked up behind the two figures and gazed upon the woman from Germany and her child. Thomas and Williams were on either side as Xavier stood behind. After a moment, Xavier swung his powerful fist at the images. He struck the center of Evas back. She and Kathleen shattered into pieces, destroying them forever.  Thomas walked to the edge of the railing as helicopters hovered far away for safety. He glanced back at Phillips through the entrance. He removed his mask but didnt have the heart to go back in and dismantle him. Because of his disobedience in his effort to assist, he needlessly lost his life. 
Xavier walked over and stood next to him.
 Id say you and I make a pretty good team, he declared.
You wont get any argument from me. Thomas agreed. 
Xavier understood Thomas sadness because he lost a friend. He too, looked back at Phillips and then back at Thomas but didnt tell him how sorry he was. Xavier knew how he felt. He simply placed his hand on his shoulder.  For Thomas, that gesture was enough. They were friends and from that day on, would always be.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
	December 23rd proved to be a tumultuous and very long day. Thomas expected to be back at home holiday shopping with his mother and other family members. The way events unfolded made him think that he was going to be in New Holland for the entire week of Christmas. He had already missed valuable family time. 
He and his men had been up a long time and were exhausted. Both the Hunters and the Nokovic factions parted ways as he tracked back to the hotel to catch his breath, shower and change clothes. He couldnt remember the last time he had eaten. When he arrived at his suite he flopped down on the bed and exhaled. His muscles were tense and sore. He used every one of them during an ordeal that had pushed him to the limit. All those who participated in the battle returned to the hotel and did the same. Xavier made him promise to stop by the palace to say goodbye before he left town. 
The Nokovic family was deeply and forever in his debt. For all their power, Danielle had to be saved by a mortal man with super human strength and intelligence. They all were forced to face the fact that they were helpless for a time. They were accustomed to battling people like unto them. But, creatures from the spiritual realms that bled over into the physical world were an eye opening experience. They were completely out of their element. The total shock and awe of the entire tribulation hadnt fully sunk in. Nevertheless, the entire community of immortals would never forget their rude awakening to their vulnerability of the dark season and the powers of the people who sometimes rule it. 
	There were changes coming in Thomas life as well as the Hunters. As he prepared to head out the door to the see the Nokovics at 2:00pm, Alexander knocked on his door. Commissioner Winston was with him. He invited both men inside. Alexander had some rather sad news. First, he gave Thomas a letter written by Maurice, who was back in St. Viktersburg. He wrote to him because they were always very close since the day he joined the secret organization. He couldnt discuss contents of the letter in front of Commissioner Winston. Just the same, he told him that Maurice would be in town until the end of the year if he needed to talk with him. Thomas slid the letter into his pants pocket. 
After a short pause which added to the mysterious atmosphere, Alexander came out and told him that he wouldnt be returning back home with them-not just yet. Apparently, he was offered the head position as the Chief of the Federal Law Enforcement Department-commonly known as the F.L.E.D. As Commissioner Winston explained, some one very powerful placed a call to the head of the agency and said the time had come to pick someone more capable to handle the reigns of the department. 
The current system became infected by a few agents who still felt some type of loyalty to the Olenhoff regime. Martinique Brawlazinski was still the Chief, and for that reason, held onto the position as long as she did. In her place was Acting Chief, Demur Harvalic. She had her title but couldnt rule effectively after her life threatening injuries from an assassins bullet. For years, she governed under heavy guard from a secret location, which complicated her authority. For all intent and purposes, Harvalic was the power of the agency. The Nokovics didnt trust or like him because he knew of their existence and felt, like other regular humans, that immortals should be extinct. With that knowledge, Xavier paid him a visit. He gave him a choice between his power as acting Chief or a permanent retirement six feet under the earth. His little girl had just survived a violent ordeal from creatures like unto to which his people had never seen. He wasnt going to tolerate any more threats to his family, whether they were direct or indirect. Harvalic chose to step aside from law enforcement altogether rather than lose his life. And why not-Xavier demonstrated his ability to separate his enemies heads from their bodies when Harvalics handpicked bodyguards tried to prevent him from entering the office at the agencys headquarters.
	Months earlier, Victoria convinced her mother that her career as Chief of the famed agency was better left to someone else. This meant that upon her agreement to that fact, an opening for a new boss was needed. There were no more elections for her position. Candidates were appointed by the House of Commons and those applying couldnt be affiliated with any federal agency prior to their appointment. 
 Xavier secretly approached Lord Claude Nyland-senior member of the House of Commons and told him that Alexander was exactly what the agency needed.  He contacted Alexander and offered him the position immediately. He expressed some interest and promised to have a decision for them before he left town. When Thomas was given the news, he was disappointed. Alexander didnt want to take the position if Thomas felt he was being abandoned. Surprisingly to both men, he insisted Alexander take the job. Besides, his new job would benefit the organization. They would have a powerful member and ally in New Holland for a change. This would prevent situations in the future from progressing out of control as they had done in the case of Eva and the Olenhoff affair which had occurred years earlier. 
 You must have some influential friends on your behalf, Commissioner Winston noted. I know Harvalic, he fancies himself a bit of a bully-not easy to make him step down. 
He put his hands behind his back, looked down, and shook his head and reiterated. 
Yep, he must have gotten an offer to retire from someone-the kind you dont refuse. In any event, looks like you and I are going to be working together side by side at the city and federal level mate. 
Im looking forward to it, Alexander agreed. 
Thomas was bummed out by the news, but was comforted by the fact that he was only a few hours away by train. Alexander also stipulated that if the job became too distasteful for any reason, he would resign. The Only act left to do was go back home and give his notice to Mayor Vandwick along with a briefing on the Sandagaul case. He urged Thomas not to worry or be upset because his home would always be St. Viktersburg. Besides, he was close to quitting as the citys top cop anyway. He was just fed with up with Mayor and his political nonsense. He loved being a detective but had to work for people weaker and more brainless than a rat taking cheese from a mouse trap. 
Commissioner Winston shook Thomas hand with a new found respect.
 I dont know how you pulled off saving that little girl back there at the bridge. But, I figure you must be pretty important-important enough for Alexander here to speak so highly of you. In any case, I want to say thank you-to all of you for putting an end to this nasty siege. 
 Youre very welcome commissioner. Just look after my friend here.  
He walked over to the door with his coat folded over his arm and then concluded his thoughts.
 Well, I have to go and say farewell to someone. Alexander-wellcongratulations and Ill see you back in St. Viktersburg. 
Sure thing, Alexander concurred. 
With that said, he departed. His belongings were taken down by two hotel staffers under the direction and watchful eye of his brothers. He reached inside his pocket and pulled out a roll of fifty and hundred dollar bills. He handed the money to one of the baggage clerks. He thanked them and told them that he wasnt sure but was certain the roll of bills amounted to at least three thousand dollars. He added that he was sure they could divide that amount between the two of them without any problems. Their eyes grew big enough to pop out as they thanked him repeatedly for his generosity. 
He got in and drove off. His final plans were to meet the rest of the members at the train station at 5:00pm. He had three hours, which gave him plenty of time. Shawn rode on the passenger side with him as Keith and Brandon followed in a second car. Although the skies were still dark, New Holland felt safer. Calm seemed to flow through the air since the first time Eva slipped into the city They only had to keep an eye out for anyone who may have been infected by her or her clan before they were destroyed. But as best they could assess, they had done all of her servants in at once. The following month would reveal if any escaped, and how many.
	Once Thomas and the others arrived at the Nokovic palace, Darcia greeted them warmly and led them into the grand living room. Xavier, Victoria, Alexis, Jacqueline, and many others from the family entered together and welcomed them. The only one conspicuously absent was Kerri. Thomas wanted desperately to ask where she was. He didnt because he knew that most of her family saw their potential relationship as a failure in the end. He and his friends chatted away with other family members. 
As they conversed, Xavier motioned for Thomas to step away. 
Someone wanted to see you before you left, 
At that, moment Pessia and Danielle walked into the living room. They were identical and only their family was able to tell them apart-so they thought. They stood there with a playful look on their face as though they had pulled a trick on someone. 
Thomas pointed to the girl on his right with his mysterious perception, smiled, and then charged, Danielle. 
She broke out into a smile and trotted over and gave him a hug.
How are you feeling? 
Fine, she responded in her little voice. 
	Her family was stunned. Again, Thomas startled them with his ability of discernment. A hush came over everyone as they looked at the special relationship between her and the man who saved her from what was without question, a certain death. He embraced her with his right hand as Alexis and Victoria approached. Neither the Hunters nor the Nokovic factions were mushy, touchy or overly emotional people except with their immediate families. But on occasions such as, the preservation of the life of a family member, they were totally different. Alexis walked over to Thomas as Danielle walked back over to her father just a few feet away. She embraced him dearly and held on for a moment. 
She loosened her grip and spoke from the heart.
 You saved my grand daughters life. 
She glanced over at Shawn, Brandon and Keith.
 I thank all of you for what youve done. 
Me too, Victoria reiterated as she embraced him.
	Thomas was modest and expressed how glad he was to help. Unbeknownst to him, Xavier informed the family about what happened to his own brother and sister. They saw him through different eyes. They realized he could have died in his attempt to save someone dear to them.
Xavier took him by the shoulder and shook his hand as he made an observation.
 As my mother told me, in another world, you and I definitely would have been brothers. If you ever need our help, well be there-always. 
Danielle stood beside her father and smiled at Thomas. 
He returned a smile and saluted her playfully with two fingers. He saw so much of his sister in her. Pessia was on the other side of her father and waved at him with a grin that would melt hard glass. He saluted her as well. He decided to take his leave of New Holland. They all turned and headed for the front door. 
He only got a few feet away when Xavier posed a question.
 Speaking of family how would you like to become the adopted brother of two little girls? 
Thomas looked confused. He didnt know if Xavier was being serious or just kidding. 
Howd you like to have a big brother? He asked Danielle and Pessia. 
Danielle jumped up and down. Can we daddy? 
 Yes, can we?! Pessia added.
I dont know yet; thats up to Thomas here. What do you say, theres an opening for a big brother. But I warn you, this is a life time commitment Mr. Dikane. Are you up to the challenge? 
He back tracked his steps.
 I think I can handle the job, he responded with a little smirk. 
Yehhh! The girls cheered and ran to him. 
He knelt down on one knee and took them in his arms as they both grabbed and squeezed him tightly around the neck and kissed him on his cheeks. He had found not one, but two new baby sisters. The distance between two cities had kept them apart for years, but a great evil brought them to together. As the other Hunters prepared to leave, Thomas lagged behind. 
The other three men walked down the steps to the path that led to their cars. They noticed Kerri leaning against the wall on the porch outside but she didnt even notice them. She was in deep thought. She was saddened by their departure. She planned to say goodbye to Thomas but lost her courage. She knew that she would have broken down and cried or made a silly comment. He noticed her head was slanted down and away from him with her hands behind her back as she leaned against the wall. Xavier saw they were about to talk. He backed away inside the house so they could have privacy. He was fine with their relationship. He said once before that he felt the more she dove into Thomas life, the more she would stay out of his. To his dismay, that didnt seem possible now. 
Hi. Thomas uttered. 
She was somewhat startled and surprised. She didnt see him approaching. That was very unusual for an immortal. They usually detected people before they got too close.  The clear moonlight sky struck the side of the palace and gave both of them a pretty bright view of each other for a night time conversation. 
Hi. She responded in a soft voice. 
He didnt know exactly what to say. She expressed her gratitude for him being there when she needed him. His bravery, his actions, his willingness to risk his life, and to give rather than take, made him that much more irresistible. And yet, she felt he was unobtainable.  They made small talk to avoid what they really wanted to discuss. She really felt for him when Xavier gave her the news about the tragedy of his family. 
 I dont if know youre aware of this, but my brother told me what happened to your brother and sisterIm so, so sorry. 
He looked into her eyes and saw how sincere she was.
 I knowI know. Im ok. I get by. 
The wind blew her hair across her face. Before she could remove the loose strands, he gently pulled them away. His fingers brushed across her forehead as he placed them neatly behind her left ear. She blinked once in length and exhaled a deep breath. The mere touches of his fingers on her skin made her to drag him away to some secluded island. After a few more words that never seemed to address how they felt, he thought the time had come for him to cut his conversation short and just go. He hated goodbyes. 
I guess Ill be seeing you later. I kind of have to come back one day. I was just adopted as a big brother. I know that doesnt make any sense. Just ask Xavier-hell explain. 
Before he could turn and walk out of her life, she softly blurted out a wish for him.
 I hope you find what youre searching for, even if it is behind you now. That is what youre after isnt it, something from the past? 
His facial expression changed with a look of disclosure.
 What makes you think that? 
Because thats what drives you, and Im right-arent I? Your lack of fear is what enables you to have such a disregard for your safety. Thats usually a sure sign of someone who could care less whether they live or die. 
He exhaled and looked down at her feet and then reconnected with her eyes. 
 The life I used to have is what drives me. Ive come to hate change. We dont really grasp change until we see it in our rearview mirror. Some people run to it. Im running away from mine. The life I used to have is like aas the Italians would say; Sol Distante.  
A distant sun, she immediately interjected. 
Thats right, he nodded in agreement and then lamented, it shines bright enough for us to see, and yet, remains too far away to touch. 
And doing thisbattling creatures such as, vampires and whatever else, keeps you from having to admit that the past you want back, is never, ever going to return. 
He paused, and then added to his statements.
 I know everyone expects me to be strong all the time. But no one, no one is strong in every aspect. We all have weaknesses, mortal or immortal-thats how were made. Thats why we can say no one is perfect, because were not.  As poignant as this may sound coming from me to you, for all intent and purposes, were only human. And when its all said and done, all we can hope for in this life is to find a little happiness before we die-just a little.  
Human or not- youre a remarkable man. Too bad youre the only one who doesnt seem to think so.  
I once heard a wise man say that we will never be able to live up to the portrait weve painted for ourselves, he eloquently proclaimed. 
What does that mean? She questioned. 
That means that no matter how great we are in real life, it will never be enough. Because in our dreams we always see ourselves greater then what we are in reality. 
She looked at him with sadness.
 So no matter how much you do, because of one mistake or perceived failure you had five years ago, youll never be fulfilled because you wont forgive yourself. 
She placed her hand on his face compassionately.
 Thomas, you can never, ever turn back the clock no matter how hard you try. 
He sighed in defeat.
 I know what a shame. 
He kissed her on the cheek. 
You take care of yourself, she softly commanded. 
You too, he responded then charged, if you ever need me justtell me. 
She shook her head in acknowledgement. He turned and walked away down the stairs as her heart began to fall apart inside.  He reached half way then for some reason stopped. She needed him to be the one who furthered their relationship because she could never have taken the blame if she had to break up with him thirty or forty years in the future. He had to be the one who insisted on what would be a short love affair by her life span. He stood still for a moment; he took a deep breath, turned and walked back up to her and stood face to face on the porch and told her exactly how he felt. 
Look, Im going to make one more point and then Im leaving. I understand that your family and a lot of your male counterparts may like me but disapprove of us as a couple.  Well, you cant live your life for anyone but yourself. No matter what our age or differences are, if you spend your entire life with that mind set your immortality is going to be just that-immortality. Youll be alive forever but youll never really live. 
He took her by the hand.
 So what, youll live maybe for centuries on end. Theyre all afraid of what will happen when I get too old for you. Well, Ill know when that time comes. Im no baby. I know how to get lost when love gets old. And if that day comes, one day youll look around and Ill be gone. No questions-no regrets. But for now, we both have a lot of great years ahead of us if thats what you want. If not, then thats ok too. But, if you want a man who will always want you, someone wholl never allow one day to pass without letting you know youre the most beautiful woman on the planet, someone who will always be there for you and never, ever betray you, then now is the time to decide because thats what I expect in return. If Im wrong about you, then all I can say is-have a great life. 
He waited. She didnt say a word.  Confident he had his answer; he turned to leave and go back to his life. Before he could completely swing his back on her, she grabbed his right arm. He glared back at her as she came closer and planted a grand kiss on him that sealed their love. He picked her up by her waist and held on tight. Her feet dangled above the ground. She looked down at him and proceeded to smile and kiss him repeatedly.  
 I am so in love with you, she whispered in his ear. 
	He put her down softly as her feet slowly touched the earth. 
I have to go catch a train back home, he said with reluctance. 
When will I see you again?  
I cant say for certain because so much was left undone. But Im not going anywhere. 
After a thoughtful break in his words he made a proposal.
 How about you, me and dinner? And this time, Ill treat you to my city. 
At least we can see each other here and there-for now, despite our enormous schedule, she noted. 	
How about one evening next year? This one is almost over so our next date shouldnt be too far behind. Ill let you decide. After all, youre a princess-Im just a regular guy. 
They both grinned as he held her close. 
Have a great holiday. Im going to miss having you around, she admitted. 
That goes double for me. Remember, one evening next year.  Just make sure youre on time, I like my girlfriends to be punctual. 
He gave her one last kiss and then departed. She smiled as her heart became fulfilled and relieved. She was his girlfriend. She loved the sound of that. She no longer cared about what her family thought. She roped herself into an affair that was real and where the word love was not over used but demonstrated by actions. She saw him, she wanted him and she obtained him. Not a totally bad season as far as she was concerned. She watched him get into his car and then waved goodbye as he exited the cul-de-sac. 
I knew you two would get together sooner or later, Keith blurted out as they drove.
Thomas reacted with surprise. What? How did you know? 
Dude, shes one of the hottest, if not the hottest women Ive ever laid eyes on. Only a dummy wouldve allowed her to get away. Trust me, had you screwed that up we would have dogged you for the rest of your life as the fool of the century. Shes good for you-youre good for her. You cant ask for more than that. 
Thomas assessment, coupled with the approval of his friends, convinced him that he made the right decision.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
	In life, there are inevitable changes that take place. There is a time to be born and eventually, a time to die. For Thomas, the latter was a bizarre and comforting realization. Unfortunately, the changes that transpired between birth and death are what ate away at him the most. He didnt fear death as other people did. True, he did have a fear of leaving people he loved behind, but when his adrenaline kicked in during the execution of his duties most often, his last thought was how he would die. Changes were not new to him but he avoided them if they were too drastic to his life style or served no purpose. Change just for the sake of change was ludicrous to him. He saw that as asking for unwarranted trouble. Still, there were issues he had to deal with after his trip to New Holland. As he sat on the train ride back home his mind raced a hundred miles a minute-faster than the actual speed of the train. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out the sealed envelope that contained Maurices letter. He had trained and watched over him and all new Hunters from the very beginning and was Jacques closest friend. He announced that he was retiring as an active member and was moving away. He was rich, still fully in control of all of his mental and physical faculties. His homeland was Scotland but he wanted to try the United States-Seattle, Washington to be exact. 
The Goths were as prominent there as they were in other cities in the east and west coasts of Canada, and most of Europe. To no ones surprise, Seattle had long been absorbed into the culture. The large metropolis was home to over one million people and was referred to as the Gothic Jewel of the West. It was the very first American city to be taken over and totally dominated by the gothic influence. Never has a city been overrun by so many people in black so fast. The Goth and Punk Rock scene existed along certain social lines and together, made for a peaceful rhythm both musically and culturally. The city was the most densely Teutonic controlled metropolis in America. 
Maurice explained that he would always be a Hunter until the day of his death. But he was up in age and had grown weary of the dark seasons he had lived through since his birth. He also had grandchildren living in the states. He wanted to be closer to them and moving there allowed him that opportunity. He sent most of his relatives there because day and night was a daily occurrence on a year round basis.  However, he waited until the security of the entire country was assured. As was the case in his own nation, the Nazi style belief in Gothism that Brent Olenhoff plunged England and the rest of Europe into had already stretched out and covered much of the West before he and his Party were completely eliminated.
The New Gothic Party had come a long way since their disappearance centuries past but their U.S. presence was strong and always stood out. For instance, Carston Czechos became the first Governor in history to originate from the group when he won a landslide victory in the state of Washington. Other governors who managed to retain their office were all the same. They entered the stage to the tunes of some 1970s back water pop or some country music performer. Czechos and his family entered the stage in their black attire to the tune of Angels Punishment by Lacuna Coil-a thunderous music and lyrical roar that embodied their image. This drove crowds into a euphoric frenzy. His anthem was a clear message to the rest of the world that they were there to stay. 
The president and governors all had their official first pets that were basically cut from the same cloth. They were either some non-descript retriever or a poodle. Czechos had neither, but instead, owned a menacing set of Rottweilers. Goths were superior and tough and much of what they surrounded themselves with reflected and signified that in one way or another. Once the nation was secure, people like Maurice sent some of his family to the states during the dark season.  After Jacque died, he urged his relatives to move away from his country permanently for fear of their safety. 
 The more Thomas read, the more disheartened he became. He loved Maurice. He was the last real physical connection to his slain founder. For him to announce his departure made Thomas feel that he was losing Jacque all over again. He usually looked to Maurice for guidance from the time of his membership. Unfortunately, Thomas no longer needed his guidance because he was wise and experienced enough to do just fine on his own. 
Once he was through reading, he placed the letter in his pocket. He rested his chin on his fingers as he leaned on the arm of his seat. As the horn of the train sounded repeatedly, his disappointment was earth shaking. After avoiding major alterations to his life, one more had struck. He watched the tree lined woods and suburban highlights of the towns and country side of the region flash by.  
	The train finally rolled into the St. Viktersburg station at 6:00pm as snow fell in thick white flakes. They were home, where the buildings were so tall and glassy that the steel wonders made everyone feel small and insignificant. Their ordeal was magnified by the fact that they had come back one member short. Shawn always handled that aspect of the organization. With Maurice announcing his departure from active duty, Thomas was going to have to appoint someone else to help with the official responsibilities he used to perform. Shawn would be the obvious choice for the recruiting, enrollment and training implementation of new members and, or associates. Another officer was going to be needed to fill Shawns old post. 
 The prestige was enormous enough just being a member or an associate. That was multiplied when one held a specific office-and there were quite a few.
	 A long line of limousines and cars awaited them as they exited the railway terminal. They chatted briefly and then each went their separate ways. Although enormously wealthy, most of them lived in the same vicinity. However, each one had a different task to tend to. Christmas was two days away. With the exception of Thomas, they had all been sent home to be with their families during the conflict in New Holland. None of them shopped while on break so they decided to take care of that immediately. 
Thomas zoomed straight to his mothers home. He promised that he would be back in time to spend Thanksgiving with her. Because of the events that unfolded, he was unable to keep that appointment. When she answered her door bell, much to her surprise, he was there. She threw her arms around him. He had made his way back in time for the remainder of the holidays. 
	Unfortunately, the changes that he became aware of concerning Alexander and Maurice caused him to spontaneously reveal his secret life to her. Although he watered down the danger and left out his close encounters with death, he had a long and somber talk with her. He felt the time had come to tell her exactly what he did and why. 
After Phillips death, he was once again reminded just how fleeting life was-how sudden his could end in the twinkling of and eye. He didnt want her to be under any illusions about what he and the Hunters did when called upon. If he were to ever die in action, he wanted her to only have one shock to deal with, not an added ordeal of mystery surrounding his demise. He began all the way back to the very beginning and explained the events that brought him to where he was. He knew that would add to her worry about losing her only remaining child. The up side was that she knew what he did. He summed up his entire membership with a comparison to a lawman or a fireman. 
We both fight dangerous elements, he explained. 
But she was no fool. She knew that unlike fire, flames didnt prowl the streets at night furthering the exploits of evil entities that fed on others. They talked for over an hour and he did what he could to down play his position. He didnt go into other secret aspects of the organization. However, he revealed enough information for her to know that she would be well cared for if any misfortune fell on him. 
	He attempted to end their conversation on an up note. He expressed that because of what happened to his family, he became what he was and as an organization, they were large and still growing. The dark seasons improved over the years thanks to them. He insisted that if he hadnt joined, he still may have been killed as an easy target just like so many others. He stated that he would rather die as a strong fighter than die as some helpless victim. 
She took his news considerably well and promised she wouldnt go into a nervous frenzy. Not being a Hunter didnt guarantee that he would live longer, but being one gave him a huge edge at avoiding a helpless death like his brother and sister. Once he got her to see from his perspective, she found his dangerous life easier to stomach-just a little. But, a mother is still a mother. There is no getting around that. He was her only living child and she was going to worry about his safety no matter what. At the same time, she was also proud that the demonic forces that killed her other children were destroyed. She was proud of what he had undertaken in the name of so many victims.
	Afterward, they both spent the evening shopping on the brightly lit streets as snow fell. Interestingly enough, he wasnt the only one to come clean about his life. 
 Like Thomas, Victoria also had a sit down with her mother, Martinique. For years, she never mentioned to her mother that her children were immortal. She rarely saw the twins and her feelings about all immortals hadnt changed much. Even worse, she had yet to reveal that she herself was an everlaster. Ironically, her immortality was the making of Martiniques own hands. All along she suspected and feared that the baby she carried inside of her possessed the traits of the man she fled-Dwayne Valdis. How she hated him. But could she put her hatred aside long enough to accept that her grand children were immortals? 
Victoria received her answer when she visited Martinique at her secret location on a ranch style property one hour from New Holland in the town of Gravesend. They grew closer after the events that led to the spectacular violence that shook the city, the country and the political machines to their core. Pessia and Danielle embraced her and after a few moments, went on to explore her huge home. Victoria had a serious face, which left Martinique bewildered somewhat. 
Ten minutes or so after their initial greetings and small talk, she explained to her mother that they had an issue that needed to be resolved once and for all. She blurted out that she was immortal. She was born with the blood of a Visigoth and discovered that her powers were of that sect. Not only that, she had died and when she resurrected, possessed the abilities of the Ostrogoths as well. She was given a double portion of power. She also confessed that her children were also like her and also possessed the early gifts of both factions. Victoria was the very first of her kind since the split between the Goths back in the 3rd century.  
She was tired and fed up with Martiniques personal obsession and feud with all immortals. Victoria humored and tolerated her stance because of the attempt on her life, which scarred her. Xavier had also executed all those responsible for the attempt on her life. His family saved her life from further danger and the city from total domination from Dwayne-the very man she fell for as a teen. 
	Victoria wasnt going to tolerate any resentment toward her husband, her children, his family or anyone else for being what they were. They were in no way any worse than the family Martinique had been involved with. When she heard all the facts, she fell silent for a few moments and looked toward her window. She wasnt totally surprised. She admitted that she always worried that the blood of Dwayne would somehow altar the fabric of Victoria once she was conceived. She dreaded that and to her apprehension, her nightmare came true. 
Victoria was all grown up and different than what Martinique expected. Regardless, she had no one else to blame but herself. She either had to live with the circumstances she created or Victoria was prepared to cut their relationship in half. She loved her mother but was never going to allow her children to be around an atmosphere of distain, nor was she willing to allow her to show antipathy towards the people she loved just to get along. Faced with losing the only family she had left, Martinique apologized for how their relationship had gone. She was also stunned to learn that Danielle had nearly lost her life. Victoria was still too distraught to speak of all the details and insisted that she would elaborate on them another day.  
The main point was for Martinique to realize that it was a waste of time living life looking back over her shoulder. The decisions she made as a teenager was done and she couldnt go back and change them. Grieving over those decisions was pointless and only subtracted from life. After realizing her mistakes, she opened up and broke down. She was sorry for so much. She expressed that she was angry at herself and guilt ridden for being with such awful human beings as the Valdis. She never forgave herself for that. Victoria explained that she had to. After all, she made up for her mistake by persecuting Dwaynes empire without mercy. From that day on, their relationship began to rebound. For so many years Martinique had been so hard on herself. But thanks to Victoria, she finally embraced the changes of a family that would eventually be on earth long after she was gone. 
	The trip to New Holland drained Thomas more than the others because he was going non-stop without a real break. He was running on empty when he returned home. He hadnt slept a full night in over a week. His exhaustion level crashed. His luggage was at her home since thats where he was staying for the holidays. Other family members were scheduled to join them for a visit around the New Year to celebrate. He was very relieved to be back. He loved the atmosphere of his mothers house. There was the smell of delicious food on the stove and in the oven. Danas sister, Lydia was coming over on Christmas Eve and staying until New Years as she had done since the familys tragedy. 
Thomas lay down around 1:00am. He was so tired his eye lids felt like sand paper underneath. He dropped back on the bed and turned on a music CD. The mind is a body part that functions in strange ways at times. No matter how strong the will of a person is while theyre awake, they can be susceptible to outside forces when theyre at rest. Thomas, unfortunately, fell into this category as any other person-superhuman or not. 
	Before he fell asleep, the thoughts of his actions and the horror of what he faced came down on him. He began to go through the what ifs that people experience when they triumph over a great tribulation. His stereo volume was on a low setting. As he drifted off, music carried his mind away into one of the deep sleeps he was prone to experiencing the past few months for some undetected reason. 
The dreams were often short but mentally they seemed much longer. His sleep was as though he was under the manipulation of someone. Unlike his previous visions, his latest experience was different. The reality was unsurpassed-so much so that he would have gladly remained asleep within the world his mind created without knowing the difference. He forgot how most of them began. Nevertheless, during his latest reverie, David, Danielle, Jacque and the late, great Hunter Blake Ireland, approached him as he sat on a park bench admiring the weather. The three men were adorned in long, bright robes that were decorated and trimmed in gold. To him, they had never left and he was unaware that they had even died-thats how real his dream was. 
For the first time, he couldnt discern his visual substances from the real world because they were indivisible. He could touch, smell, hear, taste and see sharper than he ever could when he was awake. This experience stood out more than any other because never before had he seen all four individuals together. Where he was, he couldnt say. All he knew was that he was in a great city like his own, but the atmosphere was much different. There was no darkness of any kind. A few minutes seemed to last for days. He, David and Danielle did all the wonderful activities they enjoyed before their demise. Unfortunately, each time he had one of these dreams, he had to say goodbye to all of them before he awoke. His mind was never able to warn him subconsciously that each cerebral version ended the same way. This drastically changed his mood and his heart rate. Saying farewell to them was like witnessing them dying the same death over and over again. This made his subconscious occurrences more difficult to deal with. However, this time, he didnt merely unlock images inside his head. He was also taken to a higher plane by the powers he trusted in-a spirit that had bestowed on him the unmatched abilities he possessed. 
Later in the day, as he and Danielle walked along a meadow inside a park that seemed to stretch endlessly in all directions, he felt her hand slipping away from his. He squeezed but suddenly there was no hand to hold onto. He quickly turned to search for her but she and everyone else were nowhere to be found. As he stood silent-stricken with panic, he spotted Jacque from afar, who then beckoned him. He began his ascension up a grass covered dike that surrounded a meadow. Before he could see what was on the other side-he heard voices-laughter of children. When he reached the top Jacque stretched his hand out to show him a site that would stay with him for the rest of his life. Down in front of him were not hundreds, not thousands, but a number of children too numerous to calculate. They covered the land as far as the eye could see-a land with tree lined avenues and every wish fulfilled for every child. They were everywhere. Kids dressed in clothes of white, yellow and gold covered the landscape as the sunlight provided a gentle glow that lit up their world. Their faces, their bodies, their apparel, and their smiles illuminated with an unearthly glory-a brightness that encompassed them inside out and from head to toe. They were perfect. Impossible to stain or soil, they played in the streets-forever out of the reach of evil. He was awe struck and perplexed at the same time. No sooner than he struggled to understand such a sight-the difficulty vanished just as quickly as the symbolic, motion panorama before him flooded his mind with conception as Jacques word guided his thoughts.  He was in a land of angels who were gone but not forgotten. Among them, his sister and Jacqueline, Jacques daughter. He wanted to call out for Danielle one last time but for some inexplicable reason, he was unable to bring himself to speak. The children played, laughed and rejoiced. They were jubilant without a care in the universe. How such an endless meadow with the formation of a village existed within a city he was surrounded by was incomprehensible to him. 
Jacque placed one hand on his shoulder, stretched forth the other-providing revelation. These are the ones who were taken from the world you still live in. They no longer have to only play inside because of the dark season. Here, they can play outside in the light of life. Now, theyre home. 
After a long pause of silence and observation Thomas replied.
 I think I understand what youre saying. 
Shes happy, Jacque concluded. They are all happy and always will be-forever. You, she and David will always be connected. The differences between our worlds can never separate or erase you from their heart and minds, nor can time dim their love for you. You see, I always knew that your greatest fear was that they would forget you. Well, you can finally put that fear to rest. 
Thomas sighed in relief and felt as though ten tons had been lifted from his shoulders. The psychological walls and dependencies that allowed him to function fearlessly to the point of self destruction for so long came crashing down around him. When he destroyed vampires and other dark menaces, he did so in the continuous defense of his family. There was one problem with that. They no longer needed his protection.  With each entity he killed, he believed in his heart that he could somehow right the past because he felt he hadnt done so the first time. Regardless of his reasoning, he no longer had to judge his success or failures in terms of what affected them. He could finally stop searching for an explanation for a past tragedy. His actions and his gifts would never bring about an answer he could accept. 
 Now, you leave here, Jacque instructed. Go live your life and be happy. Well be here waiting when you come home. 
His words echoed in Thomas mind. He gripped his hand momentarily in a gesture of support, and then his image faded as he turned and walked away. 
As he started to descend from the hill, he glanced back at all of the little souls that had returned home and found what he had been searching for all along-peace. How he found that peace was irrelevant.  He wiped away a few tear drops that reluctantly escaped from his eyes. The voices of the children at play perpetuated in his ear but gradually grew fainter. He never looked back. To do so would have broken him.
His mind slowly drifted back to his world as he woke. Such deep, sleep affairs drained him so harshly that on one occasion, Dana had to help him out of bed. Neither of them had any idea of what was happening to him or why. He reached the point where he was reluctant to fall sleep. As a result, his most recent visual encounter gave him the strength to go on. Often, forgiving others is easier than forgiving oneself. He made one mistake that he believed cost his brother and sister their lives. And he never forgave himself for that. Deep in his soul, he felt he didnt deserve to live. He lived by the rule that those who make the mistakes should be the ones to pay for them. Some way-somehow, they had incorrectly died in his place. Someone had made a mistake in the universe as far as he was concerned. They paid for his questionable judgment, which made being a Hunter the perfect occupation for what he longed for-death. Because of what he had to carry inside, the misery of that night in November, five years earlier, dying became very easy for him-living was hard. The finality of letting go of the guilt allowed him to stop blaming himself for the horrible events that nearly destroyed him. 
Often, the memory of his images were wiped clean from his mind and left him able to recall only vague accounts, which he desperately wanted to remember. He felt as though he had traveled back and forth between the physical and spiritual world-a different dimension not made of flesh and blood. When he awoke the next morning on Christmas Eve, he rose up, slipped on his house robe and stepped out onto the balcony of his mothers home. He watched the snow float down from the air as twilight spread across the skies. He had a suspicion that a wish he had inadvertently remarked to a friend was being answered repeatedly. 
He dressed and woke Dana to tell her he was leaving for a while and would be back soon. He got into his car and took a drive that required him to cross the Black Clay River into New Castle Borough to see an old friend he had grown up with. He parked his car in her in cul-de-sac. There was a large cottage style home that had an oar of magic on the premises. He approached the door as four black cats with green eyes hurried over and rubbed up against his legs. Before he could ring the bell, a voice spoke from inside and invited him in. 
	He entered and was greeted by Claudette, a close friend and also a former member of a Wiccan branch in the city. She was good hearted and was deeply saddened by the Dikanes family tragedy. Although they were close, both had taken different paths in life. Of the many Wiccans the Hunters had counted as their enemy, she was not one of them. She no longer belonged to a coven. 
She was very curvy and her long black hair flowed all the way down to the tip of her spine. She was extremely seductive. She was also extremely powerful with the talent of illusion and visions. Earlier in the year, they met and hung out quite a bit. During that time, they often talked for hours on end. Although New Castle was just across the bridge they were still located in close vicinity to each other. 
During one of their conversations, he lamented how he wished he could least dream or see visions of his siblings just to get him by during the years. He was strong in many ways but where his family was concerned, he was weaker than people thought. She, being the type of person who just couldnt bear to see him in such pain, conjured up visions and stirred them into his dreams with or without his knowledge. They could never cause any harm him. The most interesting aspect of all is that he later suspected that his dreams, which made him increasingly happy and allowed him to cope, were not of his own mind but of someone elses, yet, he kept what he felt to himself for fear of looking weak as a leader. He was ashamed but he also needed to see, feel, and talk to the family he lost. He just couldnt let them go and so he used his delusion as a crutch. 
	He appeared glad and tired at the same time as they greeted each other. 
 Ive been having more and more dreams about David and Danielle. 
Yes, I suppose that can happen, she supposed. 
He shook his head. True, they can happen, but, not as frequent and as real as Ive been experiencing. 
There was a pause and then she spoke.
 What are you saying? 
Im sayingthe dreams have to stop. Theyre not good for me and Im too tired to go on like this. They just take too much out of me. Theyre gone and theyre not coming back-ever. You knowI thought Id gotten over all of this until I ran into you. 
Brought all of that back huh? She enquired. 
Im afraid so. Danielle, shereally loved you-you know that. And then I make a simple little wish about seeing them in my dreams once or twice a month just to get by and there they are-over and over again. I know you meant well because you care. 
He kissed her on the cheek.
 But from now on all my dreams have to come naturally. I have to get used to not seeing their faces all over again-even if I never dream about them again. Any other way just makes their absence harder to take. 
She held his hand.
 I know how hard life has been all these years-for all of us. Sometimes, I swear I can see her running to me like she used to when I baby sat for your mom. I miss that little road runner. 
  He glanced over to one of her end tables.
 I see you still have pictures of you two together.  My mother would love to see you, especially this time of year. 
Ill stop by before the year ends, she promised and then continued, well, I guess we can only rely on that saying, which is; when one door closes on us in life, another one opens up somewhere else. 
Id like to think that that is true. I think well be ok as long as we stick together.  Everything is going to work out-one day. Until then, we just have to be patient. Well get therewell get there, he prophesied. 
They embraced for a moment and then he departed.
	There was one final task Thomas had to tackle once and for all, the Black Clay River, a body of liquid that nagged at his very being since he had learned about the flow of water. The center of the river flowed from south to north-most unusual since water runs from north to south universally. The outside sections of the inky, black water moved in opposite directions such as, west to east on one side and east to west on the other. The outside flow was one thousand feet wide and crashed into the middle section, which was twice as wide. One would have thought that once the edges crashed into the rivers mid-section, there would be a disturbance-a violent reaction for such a large body of liquid. Not so. When the waters clashed, the middle currents simply pulled the outer edges into line and carried them up stream. The slow motion like movement and sounds of the waters intermingling were eerie. One could hear what appeared to be a hollowing, scraping array of faded screams. The water had moved in that fashion for ten centuries. Scientists, as brilliant as they were, came to see the phenomenon they could never explain. The river moved against the laws of gravity. One must never forget that the river was located in the gothic and enchanted city of St. Viktersburg And because of this very fact, unexplained effects deemed impossible often were possible regardless of scientific refute. 
Thomas believed he had figured out the mystery. The Black Clay River was one of the most amazing, yet, spookiest attractions in the world. Over thirty bridges spanned across the body of water. People watched from sky scrapers and observation decks to see one of natures greatest mysteries. The revenue alone from the attraction generated billions of dollars from not only citizens but tourists from all over the world.  
	He read up on the history of the river, but unlike the experts, he also talked with Claudette months earlier. She, as well as other long time Wiccans, provided him with a time line and run down on the tributary before bridges were ever built. He drove back across the bridge on his way home. He exited and turned right on Seaborne Parkway-a street that ran parallel to the water front. He drove three of four miles further down and parked his car on Eerie Avenue. This street was usually for viewing the river front because there was also a board walk. People often climbed down to the gray and black rocks to watch the water defy gravity up close.  Still, no one, except the insane, had the nerve to take a swim. The visual appearance alone simply made that too frightening to even contemplate. The few foolish souls who attempted to do so over the decades all drowned.
A universe load of ink seemed to have been poured into the river. The waves moved slowly like oil and water mixed together in a container. He parked his car and stepped out under the overcast that continuously dropped thick snow over the region. He climbed down onto the rocks and walked toward the edge of the water to get a close up view. There were just a few ships that sailed past as he stood ankle deep in the river in the midst of a light, yet, constant wind. He starred into the murky waters as he hurled himself into concentration. He closed his eyes for a few moments and fixated his mind on not looking at the water, but through it and what lied underneath. He knew he had to believe his mind, not his eyes. The eyes sometimes lie to the human brain. Jacque and Maurice instilled that in him. 
	He pulled a currency coin from his coat pocket and dropped the piece down into the shallow water by his foot, which was no more than three inches deep. He stopped for a second, and then re-opened them. When he picked up the coin, his hand was dry and so was the coin. He discovered what he always suspected. The river, to a degree, was an illusion. Once he realized that, his thought patterns no longer allowed his eyes to continue to lie to him. The middle flow that ran south to north reversed itself in a slow moving fashion. 
This visual result was attributed to the fact that his mind was in the process of breaking down a spell of monumental proportion. The water on the outsides refused to run east to west and vice versa. In reality, the river had always run from north to south. The water at the banks was actually located fifty feet further from the shore than once believed. There was no defiance of gravity. The entire mystery for the most part, was a visual deception and he knew why. 
Ten centuries prior to the great rivers historic and eerie birth, the Wiccans, other witches and warlocks inhabited the outer sections of New Castle. During that time, witches and warlocks alike were all lumped together. They were persecuted mercilessly by religious zealots and fanatics who simply feared them and their grim practices. To keep from being harassed and attacked constantly from across the neighboring Boroughs, A powerful Wiccan leader named Yvette Lyndinhall, conjured up a spell that appeared to bring the waters to life, which seemed to move against the forces of nature or physical laws.  When the church and their other persecutors saw this, they were horrified. No one who hated them would dare cross the bay for fear the waters would drag them down under to hell. Not until a full century later, did man even develop the courage to take a ship into the black waters. Sea goers and various cargo vessels sailed around and entered the city from other inlets. 
	Thomas was relieved. That creepy river had played re-occurring roles in his nightmares since he was a child. Despite what he ascertained, he decided to keep the knowledge to himself. Besides, even if he went public with his discovery, that didnt mean others could see what he saw. He possessed a special ability to discern reality from illusion-they didnt. The water didnt hurt anyone and people loved the mystery, even if their belief was a flight of the imagination. What was not an illusion was the shade. The liquid was truly the blackest and most ominous body of earthly fluid in the world. The attraction had a fascinating comparison to all things scary. It was equivalent to kids who grew up watching horror movies. They know that they are for the most part, fiction, yet, they love being scared for the sheer fun of it. People were afraid of the horrid and disobedient currents and that prompted millions to visit and view the great wonder and often, sinister looking ships that sailed by. Thomas was proud of himself. He climbed back across the rocks, up to the pier and casually strolled back to his car and drove home. 
	 When New Years Eve finally arrived, Thomas, Dana, Lydia and one of his many uncles were chatting and relaxing as his little cousins busied themselves with the house load of gifts they received. He just thought about what had transpired the past twelve months. He had a lot to consider as far as how he wanted his life to go the upcoming year. He began to think that his Dana was absolutely right. The time had come for him to think about marriage and maybe even a family of his own. No gift would have made her happier than to welcome a grandchild.
 Money can buy people many items. Their fortune can even buy them a person to be with for the sake of company. But, no amount of money on earth can buy or be a substitute for being with the right person. He hadnt spoken much to his friends during the holidays except for the exchange of presents. He didnt want to intrude on their time with and traditions. 
	 As his family talked in the living room, he walked around the house with a glass of grape wine and reflected on his life. The door bell rang. They werent expecting anyone. When he answered, he was surprised to see Shawn, Keith and Brandon, accompanied by their girlfriends. He was glad to see them and ushered all six inside. Keith told him that they just wanted to spend some time with Dana-after all; she was their godmother in reality-not just words. They were greeted by everyone and introductions followed. They all sat together and enjoyed each others company as the hours counted down to a new year. As the night wore on, the clock finally struck twelve. Fireworks all across the city flared up. As he stood there with his wine, he looked on with envy as his friends and their young women exchanged affections. 
Oh well, he sighed.
How he wished Kerri lived in the same city as he did. He was happy to be with his friends and family. On the flip side, the woman he wanted most to be with was over four hours away. He starred at the last New Years photo of him and Danielle together on the mantel piece. He inconspicuously held his drink up to the picture.
Happy New year Sweetie, he moaned softly. 
He toasted her as he stared into those beautiful eyes that the camera caught. But, he was only able to take one swallow. He was feeling a little too bummed out to drink anymore. Amongst all the hoopla, the front bell rang again. He told everyone to carry on and he would see who their next unexpected guest was. When he opened the door he couldnt believe his eyes.
 Kerri? 
She had come from New Holland unexpectedly just to be with him. 
Oh my God, what are you doing here? Is everything ok back home? 
She flashed an adorable smile.
Dont you remember? You said you liked your girlfriends to be on time. 
She paused for a second and tilted her head playfully to the side.
Am I too early? 
He glared at her with affection and admiration. 
No-youre right on time. 
He pulled her inside and closed the door as they embraced. She saved him from what would have been a somewhat cheerless holiday. One door closed on him, and another chapter in his life had come to an end. However, another door opened and Kerri Nokovic walked through it and into his life forever.  
THE END
