The Prince of Alexandria



By Steve Stroble

The Prince of Alexandria Copyright c 2012 by Steve Stroble. All rights reserved.

 Cover photograph, Dino De Luca.
 This book is a work of fiction. As such, it refers to some historical events and people. All other people, places, events, and situations are the product of the writers imagination. Any resemblance of them to actual persons, living or dead, places, events, and situations is purely coincidental


1
Tell the story again! Three-year-old Victoria demanded of her sleeping grandfather by grabbing his curly hair. She handed him the manuscript that had fallen from his hands and pointed at it. Editing a story for the fourth time will make anyone slumber.
Eh? Whos that tugging on my sideboards? When he pulled her hand away, hair came with it. Ow! Thats attached you know.
Tell the story, Grandfather Ben!
See here, now. And which story might that be?
You are the prince! The Yank is your friend.
He glanced at the bronze star medal awarded to him and other soldiers who had fought in the campaign to take Cairo. It was encased in glass on the wall and was as much of a shrine as the religious paintings that hung elsewhere. Benjamin turned to his daughters for a rescue. But they also enjoyed listening to the storyteller and had instigated the request. Turned down as too old and infirm for active duty earlier that morning, he was in no mood for reminiscing on the days of old.
I belong in the trenches of France, not here telling stories. A scowl accompanied the thought. A series of excuses did not dissuade Victoria. 
Egypt! Egypt! Egypt! She shouted until his ears ached.
His daughters nodded that Egypt indeed was the proper beginning. Perhaps an afternoon of storytelling followed by teatime was the tonic the old soldier needed? He uttered a final protest.
Those days are all over with now. Ive been pensioned off. Im no different than the ancient workhouse whos been put out to pasture before hes good and ready. His daughters bemused expressions miffed him. They always seemed to make such faces to persuade him to grant their childrens requests. Stop your looking at me as your mother does when she is wanting something or other.
They turned toward each other and grinned.
The way the lot of you carry on you would think I am a legend in my own time.
You are, Father. His daughters spoke as one.
Very well, since you insist so. If you must hear it again, it all started on June 11, 1882. That was the day that Rod Lee saved Shareefs life there in Alexandria. By the time I arrived on the scene, they pretty much had tidied things up for the most part in Shareefs cafe.


2
Every country has at least one city that serves as a doorway for the rest of the world. For us, its London. For Egypt the city was Alexandria from the time that Alexander the Great ordered it built in 332 B.C. Shareef gave Rod and me quite a few history lessons, so my tale is educational as well as entertaining, Victoria. He shuffled the typewritten manuscript that detailed her favorite story. If Grandfather had changed it, he must retell it. That was Victorias rule.
Benjamins tale, co-written with Rod, was crammed with history, both general and personal. They had filled the narrative with such great detail that within seven minutes Victoria would fall asleep. However, his daughters loved the detail most of all so his tale went on and on until his slumbering granddaughter would wet her knickers and his pants two hours later:
Situated on the Mediterranean Sea and not far from the capital cities of the Greek, Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman empires, Alexandria became the port of choice through which foreign armies invaded Egypt. Joseph, sold into slavery to Egypt by his envious brothers, graciously welcomed them and their father to the land of the Nile after becoming Pharaohs trusted advisor. Later pharaohs enslaved the rapidly multiplying Israelites: No more straw for the bricks you make! Find it yourselves! Benjamin imitated the slave drivers and their whips. 
Next, the Assyrians invaded Egypt, followed by the Persians and then Alexander the Great and his Greek hordes! Alexanders building of Alexandria proved to be symbolic. From that time onward Egyptian native rule ended for two millennia. Julius and Augustus Caesar steadily annexed the remaining nations of the Mediterranean into the Roman Empire until Egypt also was a province of Rome.
Benjamin arose and imitated conqueror after conqueror as Victoria squealed. She ordered him back to reading the manuscript word for word. No more changes!
During this era the King of kings paid a visit to Egypt as a baby while fleeing the murderous wrath of King Herod. Almost nineteen hundred years after Herod tried to slay Jesus Christ, American Rod Lee landed in Alexandria. It was his nose for news that would send the journalist to Egypt in 1882. 
He was a farm boy, harvested from Indiana soil near where the Wabash River runs into the Ohio, who turned sixteen and had moved north. His parents claimed a better life could be reaped from Chicago than might be had from the land, no matter how fertile it proved to be.
An uncle let Rod live in his basement in exchange for a couple dollars each week from his nephews pay, earned at a slaughterhouse. Squealing pigs, bleating sheep, mooing cows beg for their lives, their pleas for mercy answered with razor sharp knives to throats and clubs hammered to heads. Slice open the abdomens; pull out the hot steaming organs, bowels crammed with feces and bladders with urine that squirted on him until he was covered with filth. Lift the carcasses onto hooks and send them down the line to the skilled cutters of meat, surgeons creating roasts, steaks, chops, ribs, bacon, stew meat, and sausage. Only the brave are allowed to live in our meat factory  the cockroaches, rats, flies, and maggots that feast to their hearts content! Go home and take a long, hot bath. But the smell of blood and excrement and urine lingers.
After a year of slaughter he begged his way into a copyboy position at one of Chicagos newspapers. A year later he was entrusted with a beat that no one else wanted. Make sure your gun is fully loaded, Rods editor said as he sent him into the citys bowels to prowl its back alleys and dig up sources that would just as soon pee, spit, or vomit on him as answer his questions. Those sources stories always led Rod into the tombs of city hall, where corrupt judges, bureaucrats, and politicians joked among themselves as the citys neglected hundreds of thousands struggled to survive. The people youre supposed to serve are honest; something youll never be became Rods unspoken mantra as those in power stonewalled him. Krauts, micks, pollacks, wops, Swedes, yids, Czechs, russkies, freed slaves from the South, come one, come all. Chicago calls. And how they love to procreate once they get there!
At age nineteen he moved to the opportunity that the many daily papers offered in New York City. He worked for three of them over the next two years. His apprenticeship as a journalist was under the tutelage of down-to-earth older men who had labored in the field for as long as forty-seven years. Rod had naturally gravitated to those with minimal formal education. He had little choice. The college-educated writers wanted nothing to do with that hick from Indiana.
The grizzled reporters who took Rod under their wings cared little about his background. They saw raw talent waiting to explode. To do so, they passed on every trick of the trade that they knew. One told Rod to always verify his story with at least two independent sources.
Theres always, always, always somebody with some sort of hidden agenda, he told Rod. Dont be their patsy by getting it into print for them. Do your homework. Get the other side of the story too or youll be sorry. You dont want to end up being someone elses stooge. Theyll only despise you for being so gullible and so will your readers.
A reporter who covered the police beat told of how he at times plied sources with liquor to get information. Another, upon learning of Rods plans to travel to North Africa, pulled him aside.
Good for you. Some of what gets reported out of that part of the world reads like baloney. We need a good writer like you over there. What you want to do is hook up with a native once you get over there. Make sure its someone who trusts you and will tell you whats what and whos who for whatever country you end up in. Otherwise you wont be able to see the forest for the trees, Rodney. Just be careful. Some of the foreigners are just tooting their own horns just like the politicians here do.
An Egyptian businessman living in New York had planted the idea of making Egypt as Rods first assignment as a freelancer. 
Everything in Egypt is coming to fruition at long last, Mr. Lee. It is bad enough that the Ottoman Empire has ruled us for hundreds of years. Now the sultan has proclaimed his puppet in Egypt as a khedive.
Khedive? Whats that?
It is a Persian word for king. 
Rod jotted down notes in his ever-present notebook. Hmm. So youre saying the Turks promoted their man in Egypt?
Yes.
Why?
The source cocked his head. Who knows? But even kings do not stand the test of time. Just last year Istanbul replaced Ismail as khedive of Egypt with his son Tewfiq. 
Sounds like a modern day Egyptian dynasty.
The source laughed. Not for long. There is a strong nationalist movement in my country, especially among the military.
Rod looked up from his notebook. Are you saying a revolution is coming?
You must draw your own conclusions. Khedive Ismail tried to transform Egypt into another France. He rebuilt Cairo to look like Paris. His greatest insult of all was when he said, my country is no longer in Africa, and we are now a part of Europe. Can you believe that? His jaw tightened as he beat the table with his palm. Egypt for the Egyptians! Europe? Bah!
Rods education about Egypt continued on his voyage across the Atlantic and the Mediterranean, this time from an American businessman who sat with him at mealtimes. 
Youre going to Egypt? Rods new source raised his glass of beer in a toast. I always heard you Indiana farm boys have large gonads but you take the cake, boy.
Hows that? Rod refrained from pulling out his notepad at the dinner table. He had done so at an earlier meal but the resulting frowns from the breakfast tables ladies and gentlemen put a damper on his habit. Now he waited until he was safely on deck or back in his cabin before hurriedly scribbling down the names, locations, events, and trivia he had gleaned from any meals conversations.
Egypts like a powder keg ready to blow up. All it needs is a spark to set it off.
Its that bad? Some Egyptian back in New York talked like you are but I thought he was just blowing smoke.
The new source leaned forward and dropped his voice to a whisper. Just between me and you and I mean dont quote me on this, okay? Im shutting down our operations there in Cairo. Doesnt make much sense to lose it if the Egyptians take over and kick all of the foreign businesses out. Wed lose too much inventory.
You think they could overthrow the Turks who control them?
Its not just the Turks, Rod. Sure, they decide whos the one in power there. Its more the European banks that hold all of the good cards. Most of the recent rulers have mortgaged Egypt to the hilt. Egypts so far in debt to those banks that they might never pay off all the loans.
But what about the Suez Canal? Its been open for over ten years now. Isnt that making Egypt rich?
He shrugged. The canal is like the albatross around Egypts neck. Now Europe will always have to make sure it stays open no matter if the Turks or Egyptians are calling the shots in Egypt. Welcome to the land of the pyramids and pharaohs.
Rod lifted his glass of water to answer the second toast.
You know what happened when the Sultan replaced Khedive Ismail with his son? Old Ismail demanded that a steamer transport him and his harem of over 300 women to Smyrna!
What happened?
They gave him a load of loot and let him take seventy women from his harem to Naples instead. He still made out pretty damn good if you ask me. Italys got a lot better climate than Egypt does. Try to visit Rome, Rod. Youd like it.
Anything else I should know?
Make Alexandria your base of operations. Theres so many people coming and going through there that they can give you a lifetime of stories to write about.
Heeding this latest advice, Rod made Alexandria his home away from home in January 1882. By the time he came to Egypt, he had morphed into a freelance writer willing to sell his stories to any publication that would print them. His first order of business was finding a cheap hotel room, the haunt of every writer he had talked to who had been the stranger in a strange land overseas. This proved to be difficult because Alexandria had grown to a population of over 100,000 and many of the Europeans in Egypt sojourned there or at least passed through it on their way to and from Cairo. After days of searching, Rod found a room twice the size of his closet back home, furnished with a bathroom down the hall complete with a line. Damn flies and rats must have followed me here from the slaughterhouse. The hotels front bordered an alley, down which marched foreigners in search of women for five minutes of pure lust. 
The second order of business was locating a reasonable place to eat. Early in his journalistic career, Rod had formed the habit of eating on the run as he ran from source to source while constructing his stories. In Chicago he had haunted the kosher delis because the non-kosher ones reminded him of his hundreds of shifts spent killing tens of thousands of animals. In New York his diet changed to Chinese and Italian food, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. He so loved the flavorful dishes that he packed on thirty-five pounds of wiggling fat, most of which he would shed within two months of eating the unfamiliar cuisine of Alexandria. His new diet made him long for the chow miens and pastas of New York. 
Especially missed was a Chinese restaurant he had visited daily near Central Park. Its ancient owner, Mr. Yee, regaled him with tales of China and his adventures during the California Gold Rush in 1849. But Mr. Yees wife, an ageless beauty, stole the show. One smile from her and a day was worth living. Their industrious children served as cooks and waiters. These foreigners know how to run a business. If the help gripes, the old man lets them have it, but good. Five minutes later, everyone is laughing and busting their butts. Listening to the life of a gold prospector lusting after gold made Rod wish he had been born a generation earlier, a discontent that would plague him for the rest of his life.
After months of forcing himself to swallow the food served at the cafes and restaurants that catered to Europeans tastes, Rod stumbled upon a hole in the wall caf owned by Shareef. His tiny establishment could seat eighteen at a time and was rarely full because it served no alcohol. This suited Rod, who somehow had maintained his teetotaler ways after entering the jungle of newsrooms and beats that uncovered the dark sides of human nature all too well. Nor did he miss the belches, farts, and strange sounding languages he had endured in the crowded places he had eaten in so far in Alexandria. More father than anything for Rod, Shareef became the native source to tell the story behind the story to the struggling writer.
His relationship with Shareef blossomed slowly. But Rod waited as he sensed that Shareef was one of those rare humans who are as honest as the day is long. Besides, Shareefs willingness to cook meals to order had helped to end Rods rapid loss of weight. Grateful, he now ate there at least once a day. The rest of his meals were hot loaves of freshly baked bread topped with honey from any of dozens of bakeries or tins of cookies his mother regularly sent to him. The cookies arrived as pieces and crumbs but Rod devoured every morsel, more for the love in them than the sweet ingredients.
You must have received another box of cookies from your mother.
Shareef, do you read minds? How did you know?
You have a contented look on your face. Also, you did not order as much as you usually do. He set the breakfast in front of Rod. Enjoy your meal.
Thank you.
Rod leisurely ate the two fried eggs and hashed brown potatoes. Based on memories of watching his mother cook at her woodstove, he had taught Shareef how to cook food the way he had eaten it as a boy. Unfortunately, he had not yet adequately instructed Shareef on how to bake the biscuits, muffins, cakes, cookies, and pies as his mother did. Desperate, Rod had given him a portion of the cookies from one of the tins sent from home. Shareef had analyzed them in the only way possible.
Yes, quite tasty. But without a recipe I am helpless.
That failure had frustrated Rod almost as much as Shareefs avoidance of pork. The most economical source of meat to raise and eat back on the farm of his youth, pigs outnumbered the cattle and chickens throughout southern Indiana. Rod had grown up on bacon, chops, ham, ribs, sausage, and anything else his mother could concoct from a freshly butchered hog. His innate curiosity had served him well as a journalist; it now spurred him to discover Shareefs motivation behind his menu.
Ive been wondering why you dont serve pork or alcohol here?
He pointed at the empty chair. May I?
Of course.
Shareef sat down across from Rod. Its complicated but Ill try to explain. My wife doesnt understand either. I follow the dietary laws of the Bible, which forbid eating unclean animals such as pigs.
Okay. But why no booze?
Because I live in a country where most of the people are Moslem. Their Koran forbids alcohol. So I dont serve it as a deference to them.
So youre a Moslem too?
No. Their holy book the Koran says that Jesus did not die on the cross. So there is no way I can believe both Mohammed and Jesus. Without Christs crucifixion for our sins there is no salvation.
But you lose a lot of European customers because you dont serve liquor.
He sighed. I know. But it hasnt kept you from being my number one customer. He laughed. In fact, you eat here more often than my family, friends, or neighbors do.
Well, I dont drink booze so thats not a problem.
You are a Baptist?
No. A Methodist. That denomination runs way back on both my dads and moms sides of the family.
Ah. A follower of John and Charles Wesley.
Who?
The founders of your denomination.
Oh, yeah. I saw their names next to a lot of the songs in our hymnal. How do you know so much about Americans and Europeans?
Im like you, very curious.
How do you know English so well?
He smiled. During my school days one of my teachers gave me books from England and America. Then he spent time teaching me English before and after school.
He did a good job.
As their relationship deepened Shareef peeled away the layers of the mystery that had swallowed Rod. This gave the writer a context in which to fashion his stories, whether mundane or important. A student of Egyptian history, Shareef at first spoke of the Egypt of 6,000 years ago. Rod listened patiently for an hour. But when his teacher had only arrived at the era when Joseph had been sold into slavery to Egypt, Rod grew impatient.
We can skip that part. I heard it already a thousand times in Sunday school and sermons. None of my readers want that. They want to know whats going on now.
As you say. Shareef skipped over 3,300 years of history. But we must include the French because they are an important part of Egypts current crisis. You know that the French invaded Egypt in 1798?
No. I only got through the tenth grade before I moved away from home and went to work. World history, especially Egyptian history, is my weak point. I need you to fill me in so my stories make sense. Im not selling very many of them.
Shareef clapped his hands. His sole waiter arrived at the table, retrieved the almost empty coffee cups, and exited to the kitchen to refill them. By the time the waiter returned Shareef had Napoleon Bonaparte on the run.
It was an unholy alliance that drove him from our land.
Rod sipped his coffee; unlike any he had tasted in America. The coffee beans were fresh and boiled just enough to release their flavor. Because custom dictated that the dregs of the coffee beans lay at the bottom of the cups Rod had made a habit of dumping them from each cup into a small tin. Each morning he added them to hot water at his hotel to make his first coffee of the day. The stimulant was sorely needed to awaken him after long nights of writing followed by little slumber. Shareef drank his coffee black; Rod sweetened his with two heaping teaspoons of sugar. This brought forth a clucking of his hosts tongue.
You foreigners kill the taste of the coffee with your sugar and cream.
Cream? You have cream? Rods mouth watered as he pointed at the kitchen.
Shareef placed his forefinger on his lips and lowered his voice. It is very expensive. I reserve it for the British and their teatimes. Otherwise they will go elsewhere. Anyway, the British, Ottomans, and Mamluk combined forces to drive Napoleon and the French from Egypt.
Mamluk? Rod pulled his pencil and notebook from his pocket. He had filled thirty-seven of them since leaving New York but thus far sold only eight stories to editors back in America. Most of the gatekeepers of what was published in their magazines and newspapers had written or wired Rod that while your writing is excellent, you need to add more depth, more local history, more color to your stories before we can publish them or other words to that effect.
Mamluks are slaves that Moslems use as soldiers. The successful ones sometimes rise quite high in political power.
Interesting.
After Napoleon fled from Egypt the Turkish Sultan appointed Muhammad Ali as his viceroy in Egypt.
What about the British?
He chuckled. I have heard some of the British boast that the sun never sets on the British Empire. Now that most ships use the Suez Canal instead of sailing around Africa, England lusts after Egypt just as much as the French, I suppose. When the English bought Khedive Ismails shares of the Suez Canal Company six years ago it brought changes so that Egypt will never be the same again. The English are now the controlling partners of the canal, for better or worse. He raised his hand. But back to the early 1800s.
Yeah. Did that alliance of the English, Ottomans, and Mamluk last very long?
Not really. Next came the Anglo-Turkish War in 1807. In that war the French and Ottomans became allies. You see, here in the Middle East your enemy one day is your ally the next. The English wanted a port to launch their forces against the Ottoman Empire so they chose Alexandria.
Were a lot of Egyptians killed? Is that why they hate foreigners so much?
Quite the opposite. The citizens of Alexandria were not happy with Muhammad Ali so they welcomed the British. However, it did not go well for the English soldiers when they marched on Cairo. Hundreds of them were beheaded and their heads put on stakes outside of Cairo. Muhammad Alis army then forced the British army and navy to abandon Alexandria.
Rod continued his note taking. The rumor I hear is that both the British and French navies are headed this way once again.
Your sources are good. I have heard the same report. As you can see, those who were once enemies are now allies because of the Suez Canal.
The other thing I hear is that the Egyptian military is never going to give up their power after their coup against Khedive Tewfiq.
Can you blame them? Egypt has been ruled by foreigners for over 2,000 years now. The most repeated sentence these days is Egypt for the Egyptians, you know.
Yeah. The last time I checked there were almost twenty consular jurisdictions for all of the foreigners here. That makes them immune from the Egyptian courts. A worker at the British ministry told me theres more than 100,000 foreigners living in Egypt, with more coming here all the time.
Shhh! Shareef glanced around nervously. Even mentioning those foreign court systems infuriates many. Its as if every single foreigner, good or bad, has diplomatic immunity. The worst foreigners take great advantage of it. Some are criminals who fled their native lands to set up shop here.
Rod lowered his voice. Sorry. But tell me, do you think the army is the biggest threat to the Ottomans holding onto Egypt? I need a scoop for my stories to sell.
There is an even bigger danger than the army.
Who?
You have heard of Muhammad Ahmad from Sudan?
Rod flipped through his notebook. Isnt he the one trying to kick the Egyptians out of Sudan? Here it is. Egypt invaded Sudan in 1819 and Egypt has run it ever since. Right? Now theres thousands of Egyptians running Sudan.
Yes. But now Muhammad Ahmad says he is the Mahdi and
Wait a minute. What exactly does that word mean? Everyone I talk to either doesnt want to say or has a different answer.
Shareef clapped his hands for more coffee. It is complicated. Moslems believe the Mahdi is the savior of Islam, the one who will conquer the world for Islam.
Hmm.
I have studied the Koran and the Hadith and talked to Moslems to better understand what my countrymen believe. The Hadith speaks of a Jewish antichrist who will conquer the earth. Only Medina and Mecca will be unconquered by him. Then they say Jesus will return to earth to experience death because they believe He did not die on the cross when He was here 2,000 years ago. Before He dies He will kill the Antichrist, according to what they believe. 
Rod groaned as he grabbed his spinning head. Okay, okay. Youre right. This is too complicated. From what Ive been told the Mahdi is the one the Moslems are really pinning their hopes on, right?
Yes.
Rod shut his notebook. Well, that means any of the Mahdis followers are going to be willing to kill or be killed. Looks like the French and British are going to have their hands full here as usual.

In May 1882 France and England dispatched a group of navy vessels to the waters off of Alexandria. The ships sat at anchor to reaffirm Europes support of Khedive Tewfiq and dislike of the theft of Tewfiqs power by the Egyptian military and their leader, Colonel Ahmad Urabi. 
Editors now clamored for Rods stories. Mom told me life is feast or famine. Time to make hay while the sun shines. He wired off at least one story a day. Publications that had rejected his earlier efforts now begged for details of the unfolding international drama playing out in front of him. A stickler for detail, Rod used a borrowed telescope to count the war ships in the harbor daily. The spyglass allowed him to tell which flag flew from each vessel.
For weeks Rod tracked down every lead, listened to every rumor, and filed his stories. They at times made the front page of the papers back home, which never had happened during his days of covering his assigned beats in Chicago and New York. 
His mother weekly made a forty-mile roundtrip to Evansville. A kindly storekeeper there saved any unsold copies of the Chicago papers so that she could search them for stories with her sons byline. Her husband grumbled about all the wear and tear the journeys were taking on their two horses and wagon but he nonetheless bragged about Rods exploits in Egypt continually. When any neighbor dismissed his tales as hogwash, the senior Mr. Lee would pull the latest clipping from his shirt pocket as proof and read it aloud word for word. Every neighbor within ten miles quickly learned not to doubt Mr. Lees retelling of his sons stories.
The newspapers buying Rods accounts telegraphed him with demands for action-filled tales of blood spilled and empires changing hands. Unwilling to fabricate any such events, Rod kept quoting his Egyptian, European, and American sources until they began to dwindle. Although Cairo lay about 100 miles to the southeast across stretches of desert, many fled from Alexandria for the larger city. 
On Sunday June 11, 1882 the long brewing hatred toward Europeans and Egyptian Christians exploded in Alexandria. The evening before Rod had stood at his hotel room window in hopes of cooling off with any breeze that might come in off of the Mediterranean Sea. A slight wind could not mask the rising tension that permeated the atmosphere. It reminded him of nights back home when the Ku Klux Klan had carried out their deeds of terror. A resident of Egypt for not quite five months, Rod believed that he had many years yet to live before he could declare himself knowledgeable of Egypt. But he recognized hatred. As the days wore on, he would conclude that those unwilling to have their sinful natures nailed to the cross of Jesus Christ universally manifested it. 
Talk is cheap, his mother had said when explaining the Klan to him. By their fruits you will know them.
His acculturation process when he had moved from an Indiana farm to Chicago had taken a year, his adaptation after his move from Chicago to New York had lasted six months. Even if he was speaking to an immigrant who had not yet learned English, one who could act as a translator was always to be found. Here, Shareef was the only one willing to translate Arabic into English and vice versa for Rod. All others demanded payment for such services, which was not possible for one living the life of the starving writer in an exotic land.
To ensure that his acculturation from country to city life did not include becoming a victim of criminals, Rods father had given him a Smith and Wesson Number 3 Revolver. Its six-round cylinder held .44 caliber bullets that he thought of as sufficient.
Itll stop most crooks with just one shot, he had said. And if theres more than one you should be able to take down at least two or three of the varmints. Everybody usually misses about half of the time. If theres more crooks than that Ill be praying you have time to reload.
Rod had fired the weapon in self-defense once in Chicago. In New York the gangs that controlled the neighborhoods were more plentiful and violent so there he had fired it four times. He had yet to use it since leaving New York. Rod loaded the handgun at 5:30 on Sunday morning, placed a box of extra bullets in his pants pocket, and walked toward the church that Shareef had pointed out at as his place of worship during one of their many strolls through the city. Is this what Pop meant about big cities having emotions so thick you can cut them with a knife? A stray cats telltale meow produced the gun and a half squeezed trigger. Eyes wide and fur standing on end, the cat burrowed under a pile of garbage. Sorry about taking one of your nine lives. Got to get to the church. Stay safe, cat.
Rod arrived at its front doors just as the darkness was fading to a soft gray. An early arriving priest ushered him inside and locked the door. Rod thanked him with one of the few Arabic words he knew. In response, the cleric fired off one sentence after another in his native tongue. Rod grinned sheepishly and shrugged. 
Know Shareef? The priest pointed at Rod, who nodded in reply. He then motioned for the visitor to sit in one of the pews. While the priest readied the altar for the liturgy Rod reviewed his notebook about the atrocities that Shareef had witnessed as a boy. 
How can that priest be so calm?
A rock thrown at the church shattered the largest stained glass window and landed at the priests feet. The unseen monster moved to its front doors and those inside shook like trapped rats as the locked door handle rattled. Cursing, the monster left to inflict easier desecrations elsewhere. By the appointed time for that mornings gathering only three parishioners had arrived at the church. Two were bruised and bled from wounds inflicted by one of the lawless crowds now milling throughout Alexandria. They wanted to kill us.
Five minutes after the priest had cancelled the worship service and sent his terrified flock home, the doorknob rattled again. This time Rod pulled his gun and cocked it. Recognizing the pleading voice, the priest opened it and pulled Shareef inside.
What are you doing here? Shareef bent over at his waist as he tried to catch his breath from his nonstop run from home.
I thought something was going to happen so I came looking for you.
Its not safe for you. I overheard some of them saying they will be attacking parts of the city where most of the foreigners live this afternoon. I came because I feared for the life of my priest.
Rod placed the revolver inside of his waistband, its cold steel barrel uncomfortable as it pressed next to his clammy skin. He wiped his sweaty forehead with his shirtsleeve. Last nights meal convulsed inside of him.
Well, we cant stay here. Ill help you and your priest get home. Or die trying.
Shareef turned to his pastor and translated the offer. The priest smiled and nodded. He blessed his protectors with a final benediction he often used.
He is ready. Lets take him home first. Its not too far from here. Then youll have to come to my home. Your hotel is too far away for you to get back there safely.
Okay. Youre the boss.
Shareef poked his head through the side door. Seeing no one, he led the way into the moist warm air. Wisps of smoke from distant fires drifted up their nostrils and angry cries of Allah akbar! from a block away invaded their minds as they crept down side streets and alleyways. 
A block from the priests home they encountered a group of men and boys chanting praises to Allah interspersed with curses of Death to foreigners! and Death to Christians! 
Rods trembling hand leveled the revolver at the largest approaching man. Ive killed uglier cows than you for a living. Take another step and its your last.
Shareef shrieked an abbreviated translation. Ever closer the many-headed monster came toward its new victims. Dried blood from earlier prey stained hands and clothes. Fresh blood was at hand for the taking.
If theres more than six of them coming at you, fire a warning shot over their heads, Rods dad had said. If that doesnt scatter them, put the next five bullets into the closest ones.
He obeyed. One warning shot dissolved the monster into its components and they fled.
Run! 
Reporter and priest obeyed with the fastest sprint of their lives. With priest deposited behind his door and their vomit splattered on his doorstep, Rod and Shareef dashed to the latters home. He introduced his shaking wife to Rod as he barricaded its front door with the few pieces of simple furniture that adorned the home.
Good to meet you. Rod mumbled as he peeked around a curtain that hung in front of the sole window facing the street. He listened to but did not understand the couples hushed conversation while he scanned the narrow thoroughfare for troublemakers bent on murder. The couples Arabic sounded musical and calmed him.
She will make you breakfast. Shareef motioned for Rod to sit on a threadbare rug. Sunday is the one day I do no cooking.
Thats right. Your caf is closed on Sundays. In all the excitement I forgot.
I wonder if it will still be there by tomorrow. His tears hit the floor.
Rod spent what was normally his one day a week of rest and the following day guarding the couple and their home. On Tuesday morning he noticed that the roving bands of wild-eyed civilians had been replaced by patrols of soldiers. He slid outside to gather information for his most important story yet. Shareef hurried to his caf.
On his way to his hotel Rod stopped at a hospital and counted the number of bodies in a makeshift morgue. The mangled corpses reminded him of the butchered animals of his slaughterhouse days. He cursed when his count included motionless women and children. After changing his clothes and storing his revolver in his hotel room, he walked to the neighborhood that was home to most of Alexandrias foreigners.
Refugees, suitcases in hand, ran past him. The foreigners who spoke English told Rod of those whom they knew to be dead, others in their native tongues. He then rushed to the telegraph office. While standing in a long line of panicked foreigners, he composed his story in his notebook. At first he was flustered that he did not have exact counts of the dead, foreign and Egyptian, or the names of the instigators of the mayhem. Remembering the advice from a mentor at his first paper helped him to focus on his story.
You got to strike while the irons hot. After a disaster or riot use the SWAG method, the editor had said. Thats short for Scientific Wild Ass Guess. Right after the Chicago fire back in 1871 we had no idea how many people were dead so papers said Dozens feared dead, in their first stories. It was days before we got an exact count. It took them a long time to find all of the bodies.
So Rods lead paragraph read:
Mobs in Alexandria killed dozens of foreigners and hundreds of Egyptian Christians over the last two days. Details are still unclear as to who caused the rampage. Egyptian Minister of War Ahmed Urabi sent troops here that have stopped the rioters. Foreigners who fled to police stations were not protected and the local police did nothing to stop the riots. There are reports that some police and soldiers joined the mobs in their murderous rampage. Shouts of Oh, Moslems! Kill the Christians were commonplace during the attacks.
Over the next week, Rod sent out dispatches that detailed the exodus of foreigners from Alexandria until only he and a few other Europeans remained. The English government chartered steamships to take refugees to Malta. Other ships left Alexandria for Constantinople and Cyprus. He also reported on the two main rumors that circulated.
One claimed that Urabi had instigated the riots as a way to further discredit Khedive Tewfiq. The other rumor painted Tewfiq as the mastermind behind the rampage. The British now protected him. The final tallies of dead that appeared in papers worldwide were fifty Europeans and 2,000 Egyptians. Rod reported that the majority of the Egyptians who died were Coptic Christians.
When the French ships sailed away Rod hired a rowboat to approach the closest British battleship to learn the reason for the sudden exit. He flew a white flag to declare his rowboats neutrality as he and his rower approached the ship that flew the Union Jack. Its commander seemed neither impressed nor pleased by the intrusion of the small vessel. He shouted out his displeasure.
You there! State your intentions immediately or well blow you out of the water.
Permission to come aboard, sir! Rod yelled back while he tried to not fall overboard as the waves tossed his tiny vessel.
For what purpose? Are you seeking sanctuary?
No. Im a reporter for the papers of New York and Chicago. I need to know why the French ships have sailed off. Can I come aboard to interview you?
The commander turned to his first officer. A bloody Yank! I should have known as much. Only such a fool as that would endeavor to approach one of Her Majestys ships. He turned back toward Rod. Permission denied. If we let you aboard then well have to let every one of your profession on my ship. Off with you!
But sir, can you at least give me a reason why the French ships left? My readers need to know. He held out his arms with palms facing upward.
Confound it, man! Im beginning to understand why the American colonies were such a pain in poor King Georges rump. You bloody Yanks never know how to take no for an answer, do you? Where are your manners?
I guess its just our nature. Im of English descent though. My names Rod Lee. Does that count for something?
Very well, Mr. Lee. If you must know, the French parliament is having some sort of crisis back in Paris. So the French commander said their vessels are unable to remain here until his government is up and running once more. Mighty convenient of them to have their crisis right now, if you ask me, though. That leaves England holding the bag as usual.
Rod waved his thanks as he pulled out his notepad. And your name and rank, sir?
Are you daft, man? You say you want to have my name? You may not! You print my name and someone from Parliament will be calling for my head, you dolt! Now shove off before I order my cannons to use your boat for target practice.
Rod saluted as he sat down and grabbed an oar to get to the telegraph office and send off his latest dispatch before another reported on the French navys withdrawal. He left behind a flustered commander in his wake who now barked orders as a way to reassert control.
If the blighter dares to return, fire a warning shot over his bow. If that does not dissuade him have the marines fill his boat full of holes. Once it starts to take on water he shall not be back.
Yes, sir! That Yank is a bloody fruit case, he is!
He was so caught up in the turmoil and its aftermath that Rod did not return to Shareefs caf until Friday, where his friend labored alone. Due to a dearth of customers he had dismissed his waiter.
Thank God they did not attack on a day that I was open for business. Some of my customers would have been killed. Shareef motioned for Rod to sit. Where have you been? I have not slept because I feared you were dead.
Why do Moslems hate you Copts so much? Rod sipped his first cup of coffee since leaving Shareefs home earlier in the week. He had fortified it with twelve teaspoons of sugar instead of the usual two to make up for his lack of solid food during the past three days.
I am not a Copt. Over a thousand years ago there was a disagreement in the church. A split resulted, which led to the Coptic Church and the Orthodox Church. I am Orthodox. He shrugged. But here in Egypt that matters little. If one is a Christian, he is in danger, even if he is Egyptian.
Oh. Then I guess what I heard that most of the ones killed were Coptic was right?
Yes. Thats because the Copts are at least ninety percent of the Christians here in Egypt.
So how bad did they damage your caf?
Just a broken door. The worst part is that they stole all of my food. I just today restocked my kitchen. And now that almost every European is leaving Alexandria, I have only a few customers left. His voice cracked. I feared that if you were not dead that you also had fled.

On June 22 three Jews and ten Greeks died in Benha at the hands of a mob that shouted, Death to Jews! Death to Christians! Such reports further panicked non-Muslims. Muslim Egyptians throughout the nation no longer extended common courtesy to Europeans but instead openly disrespected and insulted them. The exodus of foreigners spread to other cities. 
Shareefs business was not the only one to suffer. Hotels, restaurants, and stores shut down. Rod heard and wrote of one estimate that as many as 30,000 Egyptians in Alexandria became unemployed because of the rapid departure of those who feared for their lives.
In a show of force, other nations signaled their solidarity with the British as warships from Austria, Russia, Italy, Spain, Greece, and the United States joined those from the British navy in the waters off of Alexandria. But few of them acted. A small contingent of American marines went ashore in search of endangered Americans. This lack of action especially infuriated the crew of the English ship tasked with sailing out to sea to bury their shipmates who had been ashore and unable to escape the murderous uprising.
Although Khedive Tewfiq sided with the British he would not flee his country as his benefactors pleaded with him to do so. Ignoring Tewfiq, his nations cabinet issued a declaration of war against England and Urabi seized the crisis to consolidate his power. He ordered the forts and barracks of Alexandria fortified with 10,000 troops and cannons. 
Next came a waiting game.
English diplomatic staff retreated to a chartered steamship. Rod knew something was about to happen when on July 10 he saw the non-English warships and all of the merchant ships leave the harbor. He watched through the spyglass but only caught glimpses of shadowy hulks as the English ironclads, battleships, gunboats, and lone torpedo vessel repositioned under cover of darkness. At 7 a.m. the following morning the first shells fell on Alexandria. Rod retreated 500 yards when shrapnel from one shell burst rained down on him. Two pieces penetrated jacket, shirt, and skin but little blood flowed from the wounds.
Built with walls of soft limestone and parapets consisting of hills of sand covered by cement, Alexandrias forts could not withstand the onslaught. However, the flimsy fortifications did not prevent Urabis troops and cannons from returning fire.
But the English shells inflicted the greatest damage. The harem portion of Ras-el-Tin Palace was hit and damaged by fire. A direct hit blew up the powder and ammunition storeroom at Fort Adda, which produced cheers among the sailors. On that first day the British suffered five dead and twenty-eight wounded. The Egyptians casualties numbered in the hundreds due to the meager structures they crouched in. Plates of iron protected most of the British.
The next day the retreating Egyptian army set fire to the abandoned city, exactly as Urabi had threatened to do if Alexandria was fired upon. As Rod helped Shareef keep the flames from his home and caf, looters pillaged the city. 
Where are the British soldiers? Shareef asked again and again.
Probably drinking tea and watching the action from their boats. Rod pointed at the fleet. 
The British marines went ashore on July 14, 1882 to begin an occupation that would last well into the next century. Enraged by the invaders, Urabi sought divine intervention by means of a human endorsement. Three of his allies issued a fatwa that branded Tewfiq as a traitor to Islam and Egypt. The religious decree blamed the Khedive as the cause of the British invasion. Fortified by having the scholars and clerics of Islam now firmly backing him, Urabi ordered civilians to be drafted into the Egyptian army. Rod spent his nights at his nearly abandoned hotel or at Shareefs home. 
Ignoring the fatwa that was intended to dethrone him and promote Urabi, Khedive Tewfiq relieved Urabi of his duties as Minister of War. Urabi laughed at his dismissal and gathered his troops to await the full force of English soldiers steaming toward Egypt on dozens of ships.
So it was that master storyteller and future grandfather Private Benjamin Worthington joined the tens of thousands of red-coated soldiers dispatched to Egypt. On the way he became seasick. Unable to keep his food down, he grew weaker until he caught the influenza spreading through the ship. By the time his vessels contingent landed at Alexandria, he was dehydrated and disoriented. His regiments doctor ordered him to go sick, the English equivalent of American troops dreaded sick call. Only half recovered, the private convinced the doctor of the military hospital where he was convalescing that a severe case of cabin fever now afflicted him, a condition even worse than his physical ailments. Such self-diagnosis by patients was not new to the doctor.
I tell you, sir, I will go potty if I dont get out for a bit of air and sun. Benjamin grimaced just as he had as a lad when petitioning his mother that he needed to stay home from school.
Very well, then. Off with you. Im much too occupied with our wounded to be listening to your bellyaching ringing in my ears. But you are to report back here by suppertime.
Yes, sir! He snapped to attention and saluted. He waited until after he had executed his about turn to reveal his grin, which was as broad as that of the Cheshire cat from Alices wonderland of his youth.
A series of recent reforms had transformed the English army, which perhaps explained the doctors laxness. Flogging had been abolished. The length of enlistment had been shortened with options of serving part of it in a reserve unit. Formerly, enlistments had lasted for twenty-one years, which caused enlistees to complain that their military service was akin to a prison sentence. Enlistment now lasted for six or twelve years of active duty. Regardless, the enlisted men were still expected to represent Queen Victoria and the British Empire at all times. After all, she had agreed to the reforms despite the protests of members of Parliament and the officers ranks, which made her a champion of the enlisted soldiers.
Happy to be out and about from the muggy confines of the hospital and the stench of its sick and wounded, Private Worthington looked for a place that might serve him a cup of tea. The first restaurants that he passed were either in ruins from the fires or shuttered due to lack of clientele. He pressed on until he spied a small caf with two customers inside. His bright red uniform brought an immediate response from one of them.
About time you guys showed up. Rod stood, saluted, and motioned for Benjamin to join him. Shareef needs some new customers. Most of his old ones have left Egypt for safer shores.
Benjamin studied Rod before extending his hand. He determined that conversation with a Yank to be better than none at all. Right proper of you to offer, governor. The names Private Benjamin Worthington, late of Birmingham, England. And just who and what might you be?
Rod Lee, formerly of New York; currently of Alexandria; and about to ship out for Cairo. Freelance writer at your service, sir. He shook his hand. Good to meet you.
Likewise, Im sure. Hearing the word sir further disarmed the private.
Shareef came out of the kitchen to take his order. And what may I get you? Some fish perhaps?
Just a cup of tea for me.
With cream?
Cream? You have some? He grinned. I havent had a drop of it since leaving England.
The three bonded in one afternoon, as is so often the case in times of the uncertainty of war. The private spoke of what he knew of his armys plans to battle Urabis forces. Rod described how Alexandria had gone from a tranquil home for foreigners to a deserted, burned out ruin in two months. Shareef sat and listened as he silently prayed that the newcomer would return often and bring other soldiers with him, the more the better, he reminded his Lord.
After hearing much of Rods life story, Benjamin grew hungry. Shareef hurried to the kitchen and cooked up the closest approximation to fish and chips that he had gleaned from one of the first English marines who had landed to take control of the city. His first taste made Benjamin nod and smile.
A bit saltier than I grew up on but crispy as they should be. He smacked his lips. The olive oil you used to fry them up has a unique flavor of all its own, it does. You wouldnt have a spot of vinegar, would you?
Shareef sighed. Im sorry. My supplies are not what they once were but I will add vinegar to my list if you promise to come back.
That I will. In the meantime do you have a lemon? To flavor the fish up a wee bit more? He held his thumb and forefinger an eighth of an inch apart.
Yes. Shareef hurried from his kitchen with a half of the requested fruit.
Rod had just finished his fish sandwich when a beautiful woman dressed in a long flowing robe entered the caf with a note for Shareef. He asked her to wait as he wrote his response to the message. Benjamin gazed at the one he thought might be descended from Cleopatra. He finally understood why Caesar and Marc Antony had succumbed to the Egyptian queen. Surely she must have been as beautiful as this woman. When her dark eyes met his sparking blue eyes he coughed and looked away. 
But when he turned back she smiled.


3
Benjamin offered to walk her home; she accepted and took him miles out of the way along Alexandrias beaches. The waves rhythms, the birds calls, the Mediterranean breezes caressed the lovers.
Love at first sight? 
Does not exist, Benjamin had told any willing to listen on land and at sea. Takes at least a year for a man and woman to fall in real love. What you blokes go on and on about is nothing but lust at worst and perhaps infatuation at best. Ive listened to your bawdy tales of romance long enough to know that they are likely pulled from the tawdry lewd novels you bury your heads in night and day. You know the ones I speak of, full of rakes pretending to be well-mannered gentlemen. Yes, indeed. The very ones who sneak about at night away from wife and girlfriend to visit the whorehouses of London or Birmingham or Manchester or Liverpool. Whats that you say? You read one of the Brontes tales of true love, all 500 pages of it? Ha! More likely you had your mum or sister retell it to you just sos you can try out what you gleaned on some innocent maiden who cant tell when a lad wants her only for a night and not a lifetime. You see, my mum told me all about the wicked ways of love and the like while I was just a mere boy. I know up from down and in from out well enough. Besides, isnt it a bit unlikely to be expecting anything in the way of love where were headed off to? The recruiter told me that he spent a tour or two in Egypt, where well be for the interim. He said the women here would have nothing to do with the likes of you. But he said my well-behaved life of manners and such as that ensures that women will take to me like a babe to its mothers milk no matter where I end up at. Laugh, if you must. It is me who shall laugh last and best. Ill give you a week before youre in one of the whorehouses that are to be found in every corner of the British Empire. Odds are youll catch a disease or two before you catch the love you brag on about nonstop. Me? Theres an outstanding English lady at the end of my rainbow. One possessed of character, wit, grace, and charm unknown to such as you lecherous, leering louts. You wait and see. If youre nice to me I might even invite you to the wedding. 
Two hours of conversation and much laughter later, Adalet and Benjamin exchanged vows to meet often, in secret.
Love at first sight for Sgt. Benjamin Worthington? 
Yes, indeed.


4
The young woman was Adalet Erul; her father, a Turkish merchant who supplied the bulk of the items Shareef cooked in his kitchen. Ordinarily, Necat Erul would not have sent his daughter to deliver notes to customers soliciting more business. But with so many restaurants and cafes closed he was so desperate to drum up business that he defied the norm.
In the meantime he relied more on his growing side business in the expanding black market. Now that a state of war existed between Egypt and Britain an underground economy flourished as soldier and civilian alike clamored for goods that suddenly were no longer readily available.
Adalets three brothers had all returned to their fathers homeland of Turkey, two to study at university and one to marry. The arranged marriage had cemented Necats ties to the family that shipped goods from Turkey to him. Blessed with a more moderate climate than Egypt, Turkey produced agricultural staples that Necat once had imported by the boatload from his native land to Alexandrias docks. With the demand for olive oil, raisins, figs, nuts, apricots, potatoes, and onions now almost nonexistent in Alexandria, Necat imported them in small quantities for the likes of Shareef.
His major imports had become weapons and ammunition to sell to Urabi and his rebel army; alcohol to sell to the British soldiers and sailors, and anything else that could be sold for a profit. Because Turkish tobacco could withstand the high temperatures of inland Egypt, he also imported it for distribution in Cairo. His attempts to ship Turkish produce to Cairo had failed as the vegetables and fruits spoiled and nuts grew rancid in the heat during the journey up the Nile. 
Muslim clerics did not protest his sale of alcohol as long as it was only to the despised foreigner. Perhaps the drunken or hung over troops would be rendered easier to slay and the civilians easier to pickpocket.
While growing up in Turkey, Necat had learned from his parents and others to hate Armenians and Kurds. Once settled in Egypt, he transferred that hatred toward Europeans and Americans. He merely shunned Egyptians as backward fellow Muslims incapable of achieving the great power and glory of the Ottoman Empire. His Egyptian wife had died a few years ago. Since then, Adalet had become increasingly difficult to raise. She questioned his expectation for her to enter into an arranged marriage as her brother had. As yet her father had not named a husband for her.
But then I might become just one of the four wives that the Koran allows, she had said during one of their many arguments.
So?
I cant live that life. Then Im just part of a harem. The Europeans treat their women much better.
His increased business demands because of the war kept Necat from noticing the budding secret romance between his daughter and Benjamin. Adalet kept it concealed until Benjamin convinced her that he had to speak to her father. When she brought the soldier home and introduced him, Necat thought he was just another soldier who wanted something from the black market. As was her custom Adalet excused herself and shut the door to the room in which her father conducted such transactions in private. A pragmatist, Necat had learned English and Arabic to facilitate his dealings with non-Turks. 
Well, what is your need, Mr. Worthington?
Your permission to court your daughter, sir.
What? The cigar fell from Necats mouth and started to burn a hole in his pants. He retrieved it and swatted at the embers and ashes on his lap. His hand shook as he relit it and inhaled deeply. The nicotine stilled his hand.
Adalet has told me that she cannot see me any longer without your permission. That is the reason for my social call, to speak man to man with you.
You have lain with her?
Of course not! I He stood and grabbed the edge of the desk so violently that it inched toward Necats fat belly.
Necat held up his hands in mock surrender. I am sorry to offend your British honor, private. But with her mother dead I cannot afford to not know what she is doing.
Benjamin crumpled back into his chair. I think I understand. An uneasy silence tortured him as he waited for an answer. Well?
Im afraid you really do not understand at all. We Turks are not liked by very many of the Egyptians as it is. For me to allow my daughter to be with a European would only increase their dislike of me, which in turn would affect my business. Surely you can understand that much. Besides, Adalet is already spoken for. I have promised her to the brother of my sons wife in Turkey. Adalet will be sailing for there shortly. I was waiting for the right time to tell her. Undoubtedly that time is now. So you have done me a favor, I suppose.
Benjamins head drooped. I see. He stood and shook the hand of the still-seated father. Good day then.
Adalet had listened to them through the closed door. She fell in behind Benjamin as he rushed past her toward the front door. She opened it and joined him at the gate of the courtyard. Before her first love could exit her life forever she grabbed him from behind and tried to turn him. He spun around and was stunned as her lips met his in their first kiss. She then promised she would change her fathers mind.
I hope you do. I ship out tomorrow for battle. I will write to you in care of Shareefs caf in the interim. Spotting a lone passerby who had stopped and stared at the couple, he turned and hurried down the narrow street. He hated how his bright red uniform and white helmet marked him as an enemy to most Egyptians.
Adalet waved goodbye to him and then turned to reenter the house that she had lived in since her birth in her mothers bedroom. She froze in mid-step when she saw Necat standing at the window. Not sure whether he had seen her forbidden sign of affection with Benjamin, she wondered if it was best to remain outside in the courtyard. As always, Necat decided for her.
Come inside, Adalet. His words were strangely distant as he called through the front door that he held open for her. Adalet moved slowly because his expression appeared to be growing darker, as if a mask were taking the place of his familiar features.
He shut the door behind her. The first blow sent his daughter to the floor. His fists fell on her face. When she covered it with her tiny hands he began to beat and kick her stomach, breasts, back, and legs. Her cries for him to stop were loud at first. As they faded his rage ended. When no sound but her shallow breathing remained he stopped.
Exhausted, Necat slumped into the nearest chair. He knew of others who had administered such proscribed punishment to disobedient wives, daughters, sisters, or nieces. This was his first time. For years he had prided himself as able to bypass any beatings by instead substituting verbal lashings that wounded the soul instead of body. He felt a strange mixture of guilt and relief. Guilt, because he had just reduced his only daughter to unconsciousness and relief for at last having obeyed the dictates of his religion; it alone dictated his behavior. 
He dismissed the guilt as merely a temporary emotional weakness on his part that would pass. The self-righteousness that he enjoyed would surely consume it and any lingering regrets. After all, it was his honor now at stake. How could his only daughter embrace a foreigner? To make matters worse, a passerby had witnessed her brazenness. Perhaps when those who heard of the kiss between Adalet and Benjamin saw the cuts and bruises that the guilty one now bore, the matter could be forgotten. 
Necat hoped so. He left Adalet lying on the floor. Her soft moans of pain told him that she had at least survived his punishment. As he made his way to the telegraph office he began to phrase the message to be sent to the father of the one whom Necat planned for Adalet to wed. Having the intended bridegroom come to Alexandria to accompany Adalet to Turkey to await the wedding seemed to him the best solution for everyone, especially himself.
That way Necat could travel to Turkey for the wedding at a later date. Meanwhile, his daughter would be safely removed from the many temptations that surrounded her in Egypt and could grow accustomed to the strange land that she had only heard of and read about, Turkey, the country Necat believed to be the best on earth. He marveled at how easily matters fell into place when one obeyed Mohammeds writings, which for Necat placed honor before all other considerations.


5
A bout of dysentery delayed Benjamins departure for battle. He was able to convince his doctor that visiting Shareefs caf was crucial to his recovery. There he better retained the bland dishes mixed with medicinal herbs cooked by Shareef than he could the greasy army rations.
As badly as his sole meeting with Necat had gone, Benjamin held onto a faint hope that Adalet might yet break through her fathers heart of stone. When Shareef told him of her beating, that hope was replaced with a plan for her escape. Shareef warned the star-crossed lovers not to do anything, especially trying to meet. His words barely registered with the couple. Their world had shrunk to the point that little outside of the other mattered any longer. They planned to meet at his caf once she could walk again.
The war intruded. 
Recovered from his dysentery before Adalet healed from her beating, Private Worthington rejoined his regiment, which was now on the front lines. Its objective was to take Cairo. As Benjamin marched away from Alexandria hundreds of Europeans were returning to Egypt through the port city. Also arriving daily were new contingents of English troops. But Urabis entrenched forces halted them from moving toward Cairo for five weeks.
Perturbed, the British commander in chief, General Wolseley, decided to simply go around the enemy. He ordered an armada to sail by night to the east of Alexandria and the disembarked soldiers to take control of the Suez Canal. Once the canal had been seized, the British marched toward Cairo. Outflanked, Urabi retreated toward the capital with intentions of burning it as he had Alexandria. But the British Cavalry Division sped across the desert and captured Cairo before he could torch it. 
Three months had passed since the shelling of Alexandria, a lifetime of love found and lost for Benjamin. Rebel forces surrendered throughout Egypt. All that remained was to try their leaders, a task tailor made for Rod and Benjamin.
Benjamin arrived in Cairo several weeks after it had fallen. Thus far, he had taken part in minor skirmishes as his brigade broke through the defensive maze of trenches and marched southeastward to Egypts capital. The bulk of the glory was given to Gen. Wolseley and his forces that took the canal and Cairo. By the time Benjamin entered Cairo its occupants were already adjusting to life under British military occupation. 
Most back in England  Queen, Prime Minster, members of Parliament, ordinary citizen  expected the occupation to end swiftly. Few realized it would last for decades. Many of the foreigners who had returned as far as Alexandria now journeyed back to Cairo to restart what they had abandoned. They prayed the occupiers would stay.
Benjamin was part of a company assigned to guard duty at the trial of Urabi. This could be good or bad, depending on if the duty was pulled inside of a building or outside where there was little shade except in early morning or evening or if one were positioned under a palm tree. The monotony of standing at attention and saluting the constant stream of officers who came and went to the trial wore him down. 
That, coupled with his distance from Adalet, made him long for the days when his life had been much less constricted as a civilian. An ulcer began to eat away at his stomach because he had received no reply to any of the five letters that he had sent to Adalet. His worry consumed both night and day.
On the third day of the trial, Rod Lee, busily writing a story as he left the courtroom, bumped into Benjamin. He bounced off of the immobile guard.
Excuse me, soldier. Rod did not bother to look up from his notebook but sidestepped around the sentry and kept walking. 
Its me, Rod. Benjamin whispered. His commanding officer was of the old school and believed that his soldiers should behave as those who guarded Buckingham Palace  stone faced, immovable, and most important, silent. The officer was certain that the recent reforms to the British army had irreparably damaged its discipline and morale. 
Private Worthington? Rod placed his notebook in his pocket and held out his hand.
Cant talk now. He continued to whisper. Can you meet me at that coffee shop round the corner about seven this evening?
Rod lowered his voice. He enjoyed the cloak and dagger surreal episode that he had been sucked into. It was a refreshing break from what had become a protracted assignment that bored him. See you then.
You there! Private Worthingtons commanding officer strode toward them at double march speed. Why are you disrupting my sentry from his duties? What is it that require of him?
Rod noticed Benjamins sudden tenseness as he snapped to attention. Beads of sweat dropped from the guards top lip, which quivered slightly. The reporter stepped between the officer and enlisted man. He hoped to spare his friend any dressing down that the captain seemed about to deliver. His riding crop was already waving back and forth toward Benjamin, a portent of the tongue lashing to come.
It was all my fault, Captain. Rod said. I wasnt paying attention and bumped into him.
The officer came to a halt. Not quite sure of how to proceed, he transferred the crop from his right hand to his left so that he could shake the hand thrust toward him. Captain Willoughby at your service, sir. His eyes pulled a quick inspection of his guard. I distinctly saw you addressing Private Worthington! Just what was the nature of your conversation? He began to inspect Rod.
He recommended that I keep my eyes in front of me instead of glued to this. Rod pulled out his notebook.
A correspondent! I might have guessed as much. Worse yet, an American one at that. Your newspapers certainly are quite famous for getting the facts all wrong, especially when it concerns the likes of the British Empire!
Rod placed his hand on the captains shoulder and gently turned him around. Its because you English are so busy keeping a stiff upper lip that you never answer any of my questions. A reporter is only as good as his sources, you know.
He wagged the crop again, this time in Rods face. You blithering idiot. Have you no inkling whatsoever of military decorum and discipline? Do you think we can tell you our strategy just so you can print it, which will serve no purpose other than that of informing, abetting, and aiding the enemy? Do you take all of Her Majestys officer corps as total fools?
Actually, sir, I am in dire need of getting an opinion of how an officer such as yourself really feels about Urabi. Your prime minister has called for his head. Rod paused. I would take your comments off the record of course.
The officer glanced around. Satisfied that no one was close enough to eavesdrop, he whispered, Off the record? Does that mean no attribution to me personally?
Yes, indeed.
Very well, then. Follow me to the nearest coffee shop. Ill have tea, of course. Coffee is best left for Yanks such as you. Ever since your silly Boston Tea Party a hundred years back youve been on the wrong track, you know. I wouldnt be at all surprised if coffee has surpassed tea as the refreshment of choice in your country. Its probably the cause of you Yanks having such grossly inferior correspondence in your newspapers. Only tea thrice a day sufficiently stimulates the brain.
Lead on, sir. Lead on. Rod waited until the captain stepped in front of him and began his half-march, half-walk cadence away from the courtroom before he snuck a wave to the smiling Benjamin. He nodded in reply.
Rod took his usual two teaspoons of sugar with his coffee. He no longer saved the dregs from each cup because the demand for his services had increased, as had his compensation. He now filed four to six stories a week. The captain used cream in his tea.
I say, the cream here in Egypt leaves much to be desired. It has nowhere near the rich flavor that our far superior English cattle produce. Must be the wonderful green grass back home that makes the difference. He sighed as visions of the pastures and walks with his fianc drifted through his weary mind.
Rod pulled out his notebook. I wont take up too much of your time. I just need to know your impression of Urabi and Egypt.
These Egyptians act in a most peculiar fashion, wouldnt you say? They should study their history books. Look at what happened when Cromwell tried to end the monarchy in England. He died and the monarchy returned. Hail Britannia, God save Her Imperial Majesty Queen Victoria! He raised his cup in a toast.
Rod obliged. Do you think Urabi will be executed? The English papers are saying thats what Prime Minister Gladstone wants done.
Good God, no, man. We dont want to make him into a martyr. Then wed really have our hands full. The court is now under pressure to deliver the goods but with no executions for Urabi and the rest. Theyll come up with a suitable punishment, Im quite sure of it.
What do you think of Khedive Tewfiq? Can he maintain his rule now?
The captain swallowed the last of his tea. With a little help from his friends. He has no choice in the matter. We will only stay on here until he gets Egypt back on its feet. Only 12,000 of our soldiers will remain until then. Good day.
Thank you. Rod filed his story at the nearest telegraph office. Using the SWAG method by extrapolating on Captain Willoughbys comments, Rod wrote: The consensus among officers close to the case is that Urabi will escape the executioner Then he went to his hotel room for a nap. 
Due to his increased income, Rod afforded a slightly better room than the one in Alexandria. But it did little to stifle the heat. Rod thought that its only benefit was a lumpy mattress out of the sun. His bathroom was at the end of the hall but the line was shorter than it had been in Alexandria.
After sitting in the sweltering courtroom that afternoon, he waited at the coffeehouse for Benjamin. The heat and chattering Turks, Egyptians, and Europeans each rambling on in their native tongues lulled him into a state of half sleep. The private arrived a few minutes early.
How did you make your way to Cairo?
I took the scenic route by following Wolseleys army through the canal. All the other ways I tried first looked too dangerous. Ive come to the conclusion that Egyptians dont like Americans any better than they do Europeans.
How is Adalet? Ive heard not a single word from her.
Rod shrugged. The letter I got from Shareef said she had sailed for Turkey. Her father sent her away with the one he matched her up with. Why?
Didnt Shareef tell you that I went to Necat and asked for her hand, more or less? And that he beat her because of it?
No. I guess I left Alexandria before all of that happened. I had no idea because Shareef left out that part in his letter.
Benjamin fumbled with his cup until some of its tea spilled onto the table. I need a favor from you. Can you please telegraph Shareef to see if hes had any further word from her? She told him if she couldnt write to me that shed write to him. I dont know when I might get a pass. The only reason I could meet you here is because Im delivering this. He patted a pouch of documents. Ive got to go now before they miss me. He stood and threw enough British sterling on the table to cover the cost of the beverages and telegram. Ill be pulling the afternoon shift of guard at the courtroom beginning with next week. Let me know if you hear back from Shareef.
Will do.
***

It took two days for Shareef to work up the courage to visit Necat concerning his daughters whereabouts. Only because of his loyalty to his former customers did he venture to Necats house, which felt more like a tomb than home. He regretted doing so. The Turkish merchants self righteousness had flowered into a hatred that permeated his every word.
So the Englishman sent his Christian slave on his behalf? Necat did not offer a seat to the trembling Shareef as his host crushed a fly with his swatter. Necat grinned as he studied its remains. The British presence may have given foreigners a sense of safety. But many Egyptian Christians and Jews felt only a little better protected as long as such as Necat held an unofficial power in Egypt. I suppose he pines for Adalet still?
He is concerned for her.
She is dead.
Shareef took a step backward. IIm sorry. Forgive me. He bowed. I did not know.
No matter. Im sure he wants the details. Necat shrugged. All I have heard is that she disappeared from the boat that was taking her to Turkey.
I see. Goodbye.
Shareef had planned on sending his reply to Rod the next morning. Instead, he now made a detour to the telegraph office. His message was brief:

Rod Lee:
Necat says Adalet disappeared from boat sailing to Turkey STOP Shareef

After sending the telegram he returned to his caf. Business had increased to the point that his lone waiter was again smiling at customers. The orders had piled up during Shareefs visit to Necat. Soon they consumed him and images of Adalet faded from his mind.
***

Rod frowned at the mysterious telegram. He understood its implications but knew that Benjamin would be unwilling to grasp them. Perhaps denial would be the escape to allow him to keep his sanity. In no mood to delay his delivery of bad news, Rod walked to the courtroom from the telegraph office. The reporter waited nearby until the privates shift ended.
Did you hear back yet?
Unable to verbalize the news, Rod handed the telegram to him. Benjamin mumbled as he read it aloud. He glared at Rod as if its contents were his fault.
Thats all? There must be more!
Rod placed his hand on his stricken friends shoulder. If there was more, Shareef would have said so. We both know that much.
Benjamin wadded up the telegram and shoved it into his pants pocket. Well, I think bloody Necat is lying, he is. He knew that Adalet is of grave import for me. It occurred to me he would not be forthcoming. He stopped walking toward his barracks. Thank you anyway. Go on. Off with you now. You have already gone to quite a lot of trouble just for my sake. I am forever in your debt.
Only one man from Benjamins company was close enough with him to talk over such matters. After reading the telegram, he shook his head. Then he listened for two days as Benjamin painted endings for scenarios in which Adalet still lived. Finally, the friend could bear it no longer.
Youve got to get a grip on yourself, Ben. They are the very devil in the flesh hereabouts in Egypt, they are. Maybe Adalets husband to be killed her and dumped her body overboard when no one was looking. Thats just the way they do things here. They take their honor to an extreme and kill for it. Or perhaps she couldnt take it any longer and went over the side on her own accord.
No! She wouldnt jump overboard. She probably made it to Turkey all in one piece. Necat is just lying to keep me from going after her again. He nodded to convince himself. I suppose that must be the way it is. After that, he no longer spoke of Adalet.
The trial of Urabi and the other rebel leaders came to an end. Found guilty of treason, they were sentenced to death. But in a prearranged deal the sentences were commuted to lifetime exiles from Egypt to a British possession. Urabi went to Ceylon.
Benjamin became one of 12,000 British troops left stationed in Egypt to ensure that another coup would not depose Khedive Tewfiq. The Turks still legally retained Egypt as a province of their Ottoman Empire but for all practical purposes, Consul General Lord Cramer administered the daily decisions. Meanwhile, the self-proclaimed Mahdi, Muhammad Ahmed, captured most of Sudan and massacred an expedition of Egyptian soldiers commanded by British officers that ventured south in November 1883. 
Only a handful of them survived, Benjamin said.
His best friend Michael spat out the tepid water he had sipped from his canteen. Bah! From what I hear this Mahdi bloke is just a boogey man. He uses their holy book to keep his troopers in line. Wouldnt be surprised if he chops off some of his own mens heads once in a while just as an example. They can all bugger off for all I care.
Such nonchalance was rare. Most of the British soldiers, Benjamin included, envied the tens of thousands of their comrades who had been sent to safer parts of the Empire. Still stationed in Cairo, Benjamin longed for anything familiar from home. All of the sights, sounds, and odors of Egypt only served to remind him of Adalet. Memories of her tortured his heart and mind until he began to unravel and call out her name in his sleep. 
At first Michael had suggested that he forget Egyptian women by partaking in one of the European prostitutes who had been imported to Egypt. Benjamin wrinkled his nose at the suggestion, especially after Michaels urinations became painful.
He was well into his second year of duty in Egypt and often wondered if other parts of the British Empire were as boring as his present locale. Gradually, his boredom grew into indifference, which festered into a hatred for the one who had kept him from Adalet, her father. Because the object of his wrath was so distant Benjamin transferred his hatred toward any who reminded him of Necat. That group grew to include most Egyptians.
None of us like this place, Ben. Michael tried to pull him out of his self-pity. But why do you have to be hating it so?
Tired of rationalizing his emotions, Benjamin smirked and burped. Thats my answer to that. Ill be explaining my reasons to no one, including you. A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
***

During the 1870s Colonel Charles Gordon had served as Governor General of Sudan. In less than two years he transformed the country by organizing the soldiers into strategically located garrisons, breaking up the slave trade, and setting up relations with the neighboring Ugandan king. Then he retired to England. He came out of retirement for further service in Sudan, Darfur, the Equatorial Provinces, India, and China. Then he retired a second time and lived in Palestine for a year.
In 1884 he was ordered to return to Sudan to report on it and advise the British and Egyptian governments. He was a marked man because of his interference in the slave trade. After he arrived as far as Cairo his orders changed. Now he was to evacuate Egyptians, Europeans, and any others who wished to leave Sudan. Although the number of Europeans was small, more than 10,000 Egyptians and native Christians were anxious to flee from Khartoum for Egypt. In addition, he was to return control of Sudan to the local tribes. Because the recent Hicks and Baker expeditions to the Sudan had been slaughtered within months of each other Benjamin did not believe General Gordon could succeed, at least not without his and Michaels help.
I tell you, it will be us having to go down into Sudan to bring Gordon and the rest out, he said.
Michael shook his head. I dont agree with very much of your talk these days. But this time Im afraid that you are dead on. Oh, well. Thats what we get for complaining about Egypt so much. Now well get to visit Sudan instead.
In May, the British in Cairo received orders from London to prepare to march in October to Khartoum with reinforcements that would be arriving from England, India, Cyprus, Malta, and Gibraltar. To carry the troops and supplies, 12,000 camels were bought. Meanwhile, a desperate Gordon kept telegraphing and asking where his reinforcements were. In July he telegraphed Cairo that he was surrounded and retreat was no longer possible. 
A new debate arose over how the relief expedition should proceed to Khartoum  up the Nile or overland. The former was chosen. But first 800 boats had to be built in England and shipped to Egypt. Each was designed to carry a dozen men upriver. Michael and Benjamin went up the Nile as far as possible in one of them. Along the way dozens of the boats sank or were discarded as unusable as their battered hulls leaked. The two celebrated Christmas ashore at Korti.
Happy Christmas, Benny.
Benjamin swallowed part of his present from Michael. He passed the bottle of rum over to him as Michael tasted Benjamins present.
Where in blazes did you get these dates from?
One of the camel boys shimmied up a palm tree to get them in exchange for some tobacco.
Instead of singing carols by a frocked tree, the soldiers gathered under a grove of palms to celebrate.
With hundreds of miles left to travel by river to Khartoum, the commander of the relief forces, Wolseley, decided to split his forces. Part, Benjamin and Michael among them, continued upriver. The rest went across the desert from points along the Nile. 
Khartoums food supplies had dwindled until some within its walls had died of starvation or disease aggravated by lack of nourishment. Sensing his foes desperate straits, Mahdi Muhammad Ahmed sent Gordon written terms of surrender:
We have now arrived at a days journey from Omdurman, and are coming, please God, to your place. If you return to the Most High God, and become a Moslem, and surrender to His order and that of His Prophet, and believe in us as the Mahdi, send us a message after laying down your arms and giving up all thought of fighting, so that I may send you someone with safe conduct, by which you will obtain benefit and blessing in this world and the next. Otherwise, and if you do not act thus, you will have to encounter war with God and His Prophet. And know that the Most High God is mighty for your destruction, as He has destroyed others before you, who were much stronger that you, and more numerous.
Unimpressed, Gordon was brief in his reply: I am like iron, and hope yet to see the English arrive.
Parliaments micromanagement of the crisis proved deadly. The Mahdis force of 40,000 breached Khartoums walls in three hours on January 26, 1885. At first, dying soldiers, husbands, and fathers begged for mercy for the women and children. Then mothers shielded their children as they died. Even the childrens screams were met with spears and swords. Troops that surrendered were murdered.
The victors hung Gordons head on a tree and deposited their insults and curses on it. After the Mahdi ordered an end to the massacre, the remaining survivors were taken as booty to become slaves or members of harems. Looting of the city did not produce the vast quantities of gold and silver promised by the Mahdi, which deflated his followers expectations. 
Two days later, two steamships bulging with British troops appeared. 
It doesnt look good, Ben. Michael pointed at the crowds along the riverbank as the chants began.
Death to the English! Women alternated their threats with vibrating tongues that produced a ghostly staccato wail that chilled many of the soldiers spines.
Sent to the highest point on his steamship, Benjamin called out his finding after peering through a spyglass. No sign of movement in Khartoum, sir! There are vultures along its walls.
Turn these boats around before we end up dead as well!
They departed under a hail of gunfire from both sides of the Nile.
The inhabitants of Khartoum had held out for 317 days. For the next year and a half Wolseley fought a series of battles that pulled his forces ever closer back toward Egypt. It was during this organized retreat that Michael was killed and Benjamin wounded. Corporal Worthington was evacuated to Cairo to convalesce. Without Michael as a friend and no one willing to take his place, Benjamin withdrew ever deeper into himself. The inward journey startled his doctor more than his wounds.
I must say you are the quietest patient of all around here. He waited for a response but none came. What a damn business it is, being a soldier. Some die straight away from a bullet or spear. Not much to be said or done about that. But then there are those who die by inches, just a tiny bit at a time. Im afraid you belong to that category.
Benjamin snorted, his favorite response of late. Poppycock! Why are you taking trouble about me then? Im as fit as a fiddle. He swung his legs off of his bed but his knees buckled as his feet touched the floor. Only the doctors outstretched arms kept him from hitting it.
Back up into bed with you. Youre fit as a fiddle thats missing one or two strings. Youre lucky the bullet didnt end your life, you know. You are on the mend but wounds such as yours require time to heal.
His patient smiled weakly. Somehow I cant manage to walk just yet. Perhaps by weeks end I will, though. Youll see.
Why do you fret yourself so? The Mahdis army will come to a grinding halt if they try to enter Egypt. Then well finally be able to make full use of the Egyptian soldiers at our disposal. He paused. Whats your program this evening? The men are having a sing along in the dining hall. Youd do well to come along.
Maybe.
Okay, corporal. Ill pop by again. Just to see how you are faring and all.
He shrugged in response.
The doctor shuffled off to his office to write the letter that he was now certain it was his duty to write. After questioning the nurses assigned to Benjamins ward, he had learned of Adalet and the gloom that she still cast over him. 
He calls out her name in his sleep, one nurse had said. When I asked who she was it took him days to open up and tell me. Ive seen broken hearts before, doctor. But his is the worst of all of them.
Convinced that Benjamins usefulness to the British army in Egypt had come to an end, the doctors letter recommended that as soon as his patient recovered, he should be transferred to duty elsewhere, preferably a good distance from Egypt. Perhaps the new setting could help to heal the inner wounds that Benjamin would let no one touch, the doctor hoped.

6
A case of malaria had drained Rod and killed his plans of accompanying the Gordon Relief Expedition to Khartoum. So he filed his dispatches from Cairo based on what he could glean from British officers and enlisted men. In June 1885, the Mahdi went the way of all flesh. He died with his vision of ushering in an Islamic worldwide kingdom having spread no further than the southern regions of Egypt.
Russia had invaded Afghanistan a few months before the Mahdis death. Rod began to wonder if he should journey there next but an English officer counseled otherwise.
As weak as you look, Yank, Afghanistans high terrain and ungodly weather would finish you off, the colonel had said. You might consider a period of convalescence back home first before you go off on your next adventure.
Rod pondered if his setbacks were providential after hearing of English correspondents Cameron of the Standard and Herbert of the Morning Post being killed during the Khartoum Expedition. Others, such as Burleigh of the Daily Telegraph, were wounded.
He stayed on in Cairo, where he slowly recuperated from the malaria. By autumn of 1885 his living hand to mouth lost its luster. Exhausted physically and emotionally, he traveled to Alexandria to seek passage back to America. He visited Shareefs caf the night before his departure.
How is Benjamin? Shareef asked as he served Rod his last meal at his caf.
Still hurting over Adalet. I visited him at the hospital where hes recovering. Rod finished his cup of coffee. A man sometimes never gets over something like that. At least thats what my mom and pop told me about courting and such.
All I can say is, he is a prince of a fellow.
Rod smiled. Yeah. He told me how you gave him his nickname, the Prince of Alexandria. How did that all come about?
He single handedly saved my caf. It was he who convinced many of his fellow soldiers to eat here. Without that I most certainly would have gone out of business.
Rods laughter shook his table. The Prince of Alexandria. I just hope someday someone calls me the prince of something or other. The way I feel right now, Id settle for being called the Prince of Evansville, Indiana. I wonder if folks in those parts even remember me.


7
Rods grandmother on his mothers side, Grandma Samantha, came to Indiana in 1825. She was eleven when her parents journeyed there to partake in the transition of a religious utopia into one that was intended to become nonreligious in every way. The founding of Indiana Territorys first heaven on earth had its origins in Europe and boasted a circuitous history.
George Rapp, a German visionary who became disenchanted with the Lutheran Church, emerged as the leader of thousands of likeminded souls whose ears itched for something new, a sort of reformation to Martin Luthers Reformation of the 1500s. For although Luther preached If Jesus returns tomorrow, I plant my olive tree today, Rapp preached that the Second Coming would occur in his lifetime. His sect also practiced a sort of communal sharing of labor and possessions. When Rapp informed a governmental official that, I am a prophet, and I am called to be one, he went to jail for two days.
To flee the harassment, Rapp and several hundred of his followers immigrated to the wilderness near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from Wurttemberg, Germany in 1803. Skilled at growing grapes and making wine, the group found Pennsylvanias climate and soil unsuitable. After finding a more adequate setting in the West, they purchased almost 25,000 acres for $61,050 from the U.S. government. 
Once again, they uprooted and settled along the Wabash River on deep, fertile well-draining soil capable of growing the grapes for their wines. New revelations came with their new home. Now Rapp mandated celibacy. Established marriages were now to be without sexual relations and no new weddings allowed. Despite separate dorms for men and women, several children were born at the Harmony Societys town of Harmonie. This resulted in disapproval for the parents but not eviction from the group.
With most of them unhindered by the daily distractions of family life, the members proved to be quite industrious. They constructed numerous buildings; mostly of brick and stone in addition to eighty-six log houses. Other structures included: forty-two wood and brick houses, two granaries, a brewery, two large distilleries, a dam and a mill powered by water, a hemp and oil mill, a dye house, a textile mill, and a church.
Their chief enemy was disease. Most of them caught malaria and over 100 died from it. Only after nearby swamps were drained did the illness subside and their vigor return. News of the prospering community traveled back to Germany and 130 new members emigrated from there in 1817. 
Whisky, agricultural goods, and manufactured products such as rope, fabrics, leatherwork, and wagons were shipped down the Wabash to the Ohio to the Mississippi to New Orleans. The vineyards yielded several varieties of grapes, the orchards apples, figs, and even oranges and lemons, unusual for a land of harsh winters. While huge flocks of sheep grazed in the lush pastures the towns inhabitants walked down wide clean streets shaded by the fast growing mulberry and poplar trees they had planted. 
But Rapp suffered from a discontent common to many, whether saint or sinner, one in which the grass is always greener in another location. About the time that Rapp began to set his sights elsewhere, a wealthy British textile manufacturer had become inclined to export his vision to the New World. 
As much of a reformer as a businessman, Welshman Robert Owen was every bit as secular as Rapp was religious. He constantly dismissed religions as superstitions until his relentless attacks made him a sort of pariah in Britain. So when the opportunity came for him to purchase Harmonie from Rapp he traveled to America to inspect it. Because the town was already well established and successful, Owen bought it in 1825 for between $50,000 to $190,000, depending on which account one believed.
Eager to spread his gospel that ones nature is totally shaped by environment and heredity, thereby rendering all humans not accountable for their own actions and in desperate need of an education based on his beliefs, Owen hurried off to Washington D.C., where he delivered two speeches to joint sessions of Congress. He trumpeted his utopia as a prototype that would rapidly spread throughout America and transform the young country. 
He renamed Harmonie as New Harmony. It appears that Owen was as capable a writer as he was industrialist. He penned a declaration that detailed his vision of a millennium built on socialism. It was so compelling that within three months almost 1,000 had journeyed to New Harmony. They moved into its well-kept homes as the last of Rapps disciples abandoned it for a new site back in Pennsylvania.
So it was that young Samantha Marchette came to this experiment in socialism. Her parents were probably the least zealous of those willing to travel sight unseen to such a venture. But because they had bandied about the prospect of one day moving westward into the vast wilderness that stretched as far as the Pacific, the open invitation appeared to be the open door that they had prayed for years. 
After reading Owens treatise, they quickly had sold their Virginia home and traveled by wagon to Indiana. By the time that they arrived at New Harmony the newcomers were squeezed two or more families into each house. Eleven-year-old Samantha did not mind as the other two families under their shared roof had children who were her age. While she spent her days getting acquainted, Owen went to work laying a foundation for his venture.
Buoyed by the number of new disciples who greeted him when he returned to New Harmony, Owen set about organizing his secular utopia. Perhaps rubbing shoulders with the President, Supreme Court members, senators, and representatives in Washington D.C. had given him fresh political skills because he now operated with joint executive, judicial, and legislative powers centered in him to try and bind his followers into a cohesive unit that would accept compromise until his dreams came to fruition.
He was as adept as any of the orators he had addressed in the nations capital. His speech to the new residents of the town that he owned contained platitudes for the idealistic: I am come to this country to introduce an entire new state of society, to change it from an ignorant, selfish system to an enlightened social system which shall gradually unite all interests into one, and remove all cause for contests between individuals. His well-placed use of the adverb gradually was then further defined.
While these brave pioneers of social engineering brought forth his bold plan, there of course would have to exist an unspecified period during which all the lofty platitudes must temporarily be abandoned, he elaborated. A skillful salesman, Owen peddled his gradual march toward total equality. He wrote a constitution that allowed him to retain ownership of New Harmony during a transitional phase as the community moved onward and upward toward the ultimate goal of what he called universal happiness.
Recognizing that one size never fits all, he allowed those disinclined to work in New Harmony the option of purchasing credit beforehand at the towns store, three months at a time. All debts that burdened any resident, whether the obligations were past, present, or future, were deemed as not the liability of the Preliminary Society, the name he gave the fledgling band of socialists. 
Such moves revealed Owens intact businesslike practical side. That part of him now demanded that he return to Scotland to personally settle all of his remaining business matters there. Perhaps his idealistic side convinced him that his followers would thrive on their own during his seven-month absence. He was mistaken.
Samanthas father was the first to question the inhabitants priorities, but only quietly to his wife. Theres a thousand times as much talk as work that goes on here.
Yes, I noticed. Even the women are taking on the lazy ways of their husbands. And I had no idea how much Mr. Owen hates religion. It scares me no end.
The most symbolic act to re-christen Harmonie into New Harmony was the new name given to the church building. Built of brick and columns of walnut, cherry, and sassafras and laid out in the shape of an immense cross, the church was a nagging reminder that beyond New Harmony religion instead of socialism exerted a greater influence on the unenlightened masses that had not heeded his generous invitation, the latest in a series that began with the Tower of Babel. Owen called the church The Hall of New Harmony in an effort to banish any spiritual residue from his utopia. Instead of prayer, the building was now dedicated to free speech and free thought.
Maybe it was such freedom that inclined many of his adherents to too much talk and so little action. Unrestrained, pigs ate any vegetables that were planted. Sheep wandered about aimlessly. No longer protected, they fell prey to neighboring bears, wolves, and the larger members of the cat family. The neatly trimmed vineyards and foliage planted for decoration also went unattended. Soon New Harmony took on the appearance of neglect. Some also neglected Owens passionate call to unity.
The worst examples were when two women settled their differences with their fists and two men dueled. Fortunately, the first incident produced minor wounds and the second no casualties.
When Owen returned he reorganized his group of disparate followers over and over in an ongoing effort to save his paradise. He even borrowed from the ideals behind a national holiday, when on July 4, 1826 he brought forth his Declaration of Mental Independence. But it was such independence that caused the citizens of New Harmony to further dissolve into factions. In a final effort to stave off failure, Owen decided to sell or lease parcels of land with the stipulation that the buyers or leasers use the land to create a miniature version of what he had envisioned for New Harmony. Perhaps he was the inventor of the franchise. 
Dreams die hard. But in May 1827 Owen, just as Rapp had done two years earlier, answered the siren call of the ever-present greener grass elsewhere. A deed was drawn up to give his sons title to New Harmony. Owen left for Mexico to ask its government for title to Texas and Coahuila, which would have given him a vast empire instead of a mere town in which to create his alternative society.
Meanwhile, Rapps new community in Pennsylvania prospered mightily but he died at eighty-nine without seeing his predicted return of Jesus Christ to Earth. Owen lived on to age eighty-seven. At the end a spiritualist, he spent his last days supposedly communicating with such luminaries as Ben Franklin, Shakespeare, and Napoleon. That seemed appropriate, as he possessed some of the talents of each one. More than a few concluded that he was merely communicating with fragments of his own mind.
Understandably, all of the goings-on at Rapps Harmonie and later, Owens New Harmony, gave folk from the surrounding countryside plenty to ruminate about. Those possessed of a simpler worldview conjectured that despite Rapps and Owens obvious differences, both were cut from the same cloth or just two sides of the same coin. These suspicious minds imagined that both leaders were shearing their sheep of the two-legged variety.
Theyre just in it for the money, became their refrain. The head honchos over there in Harmony live like kings while the poor fools that harkens unto them just barely survive, from what I hear tell. Why else would their graveyard have so many tombstones? Last time I rode by there, there was a whole another row of them.
Those of a more complicated bent painted a sinister picture; one that involved nefarious characters far and wide, whose motives were international in nature. For them, Rapp and Owen were part of an evil plot to overthrow America. They deduced that Rapp had received his marching orders not from the Lord in heaven but from a secret society headquartered in Bavaria.
Founded in 1776, the Illuminati soon established offshoots throughout Europe. Although banned in Bavaria in 1784, the Illuminati lived on due to two books: Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism by Augustin Barruel and Proofs of a Conspiracy by John Robison. Written at the turn of the century, the books shared three beliefs: The Illuminati had survived all attempts to ban it, it had been the driving force that caused the French Revolution, and its conspiracy now extended beyond Europe on an international level. 
One of the more literate neighbors of New Harmony possessed a copy of Proofs of a Conspiracy. He would wave it to and fro like a weathervane caught in a fierce north wind as he warned any within earshot, whether they cared or not: Its all right here, I tell you, plain as day or the nose on the end of your face. These Illuminati fellers got their start right about where George Rapp comes from. Tell me that aint a coincidence.
Uh
Such interruptions were always put down with more revelations. And thats not all, neither. I done some checking up on Herr Rapp and guess what I found out?
What?
He got kicked out of Germany in 1803. He paused to let the importance of the date sink in to the listeners. Dont you get it? Thats right about the same time they banned the Illuminati there. All that horse manure about him and his disciples fleeing on account of their religious beliefs is just a cover story. Rapp is the number one man working for the Illuminati here in America. Dont say I didnt tell you so after they take over the country.
Hey, wait a minute, 1803 was when we bought the Louisiana Territory from the French. I bet the French made a secret deal to send Rapp here as part of the Louisiana Purchase!
Now youre finally seeing the light!
Much of the gossip surrounding Owen was more of a political nature. How someone from Wales could succeed so well financially in Scotland perplexed many. That and his ability to speak twice to joint sessions of Congress. A veteran of the War of 1812 put the pieces together into a frightening picture: Yep, I finally figured all of it out. Robert Owen is really a secret agent for King George. Him and rest of the English are still stewing in their own juices just cause we beat them in the War of 1812. Youd think they wouldve learnt their lesson when we kicked the tar out of them the first time during the Revolution of 1776.
Oh, come off it. The most skeptical in attendance said. 
Oh yeah? Just how is it that some foreign yahoo gets to tell the President and Congress and Supreme Court not once but twice, mind you, that hes gonna be setting up places all over America just like New Harmony. Answer me that, Mr. Smarty-pants. It takes connections to make those kinds of speeches.
Well
Hes got connections everywhere he goes. Probably even bribed a few of them polecats back there in Washington, I bet.
The most conspiracy minded of all even linked Owen and Rapp as confederates.
Yup. Old man Rapp was just the setup man. Probably one of the founders of the Illuminati, I reckon. From what I hear tell, lots of Freemasons joined up with the Illuminati. Way I got it all figured out, that Owen feller was a Freemason back during his days in Scotland. So it makes sense that Rapp would sell Harmony to him. All Owen had to do was flash the secret signal, give the secret handshake, and say the secret words. After that, he was in like Flynn with Rapp.
The prevailing gossip that surrounded Rapps Harmonie and later on, Owens New Harmony made settling nearby for any former members of the religious and secular utopias an awkward process at best. But when Owen abandoned New Harmony in his quest to own Texas and Coahuila young Samantha Marchettes parents took that as a sign that they best move on also. Ma and Pa Marchette were prudent and had bought a section of land about ten miles from New Harmony as they had journeyed there two years earlier.
Its our insurance policy, Pa had said. Just in case all them high falootin words of Owens declaration is only just that  words.
Ma shared Pas skepticism. So, unlike other disenchanted former members of New Harmony who had to journey hundreds of miles when they returned to the locales they had left for heaven on earth, the Marchettes arrived at their new home after a two-hour journey. The 640 acres of fertile soil was mostly forested but clearing it to plant crops had to wait. Most pressing was the lack of shelter. Owen had made his farewell speeches on May 26 and 27. The Marchettes stayed for neither. They needed to build a home for themselves and a barn for their two horses before winter.
In 1827 it was customary for pioneers who were settling in the wildernesses and partially settled regions of America to help each other as much as possible. Barn and house raisings were as important as holidays because they forged relationships without which the pioneers could not survive. Such construction projects drew entire families from miles around to the building site. In one day workers would have at least the framing and trusses raised in place for structures built of lumber. Sometimes the roof would be finished that same day. Buildings made from logs or sod took longer.
Such events welcomed the newcomers. As years went by, they in turn would welcome others in similar fashion or come to the aid of any whose homes or barns had been damaged or destroyed by storm, fire, or flood.
But no such welcome greeted the Marchettes. People act like we got the plague. Pa grumbled after a week on the homestead. Not one visitor.
Word had spread quickly that they were ex-patriots of New Harmony. The most fearful conjectured that Owen was not only leaving the state for points southward but also sending out his most zealous adherents to establish similar communities across the 24 states and numerous territories that surrounded them. These wary ones loaded their weapons and traveled by wagon or horseback to reconnoiter the Marchette place. They breathed somewhat easier when they counted only two adults and three children laboring around the foundations of a log cabin.
Rumors had grown that a force of thirty, forty, fifty, or more were crawling antlike around the entire section of land. The boldest of the spies went as far as questioning his new neighbors. He feigned ignorance to extract as much information as possible.
Howdy, folks. The wary one remained atop his gray mares saddle. His flintlock musket sat cocked in his hands in case the purported peace, love, and harmony of ex-New Harmony dwellers proved to be a myth.
Hello. Jacques Jack Marchette dropped the ax he was using to carve notches into the twenty-foot bark studded logs that lay at his feet. Although he walked toward the visitor unarmed, Jack noticed the strangers body grow tense and the sweat that fell from his forehead. He stopped three feet from the horse, the only one who seemed unaffected by the nervous introduction. Jack extended his long right arm toward the rider, who nodded in reply. My names Jack Marchette. Thats Trudy over there and our children: Samantha, Rachael, and Thomas.
The stranger surveyed the family. Satisfied that none held anything with which to bushwhack him, he swung his right leg over his mounts head and jumped to the ground. Relieved not to be holding the bulky mans 200 pounds, the horse snorted and looked at her master. Her expression and grunt were meant to convey, What took you so long to get off?
Samantha, now thirteen, disarmed the visitor of most of his lingering reservations when she ambled over to the horse and greeted it.
Whats her name? She petted its long sweaty snout.
Uh, Penny.
Okay if I water her?
He handed her the reins. Much obliged.
Single, pretty girls were hard to come by in the sparsely populated area. Courteous ones were rarer. Satisfied that in a few years Samantha would be ripe for marriage, the stranger deduced that she would make an excellent wife for either of his two sons. He decided that he best move quickly to be the first father to bring over potential husbands. But first he had to lay a final fear to rest.
Uh, you building an off-shoot of New Harmony here?
Jack laughed. Aint that a hoot? Trudy, our visitor wants to know if were building an off-shoot of New Harmony.
Trudy also chuckled as she made her way toward them. One at a time, the children joined in with giggles. Weeks had passed since they had seen their parents so joyful.
Im Trudy. She curtsied.
So thats where the daughter got her manners from. Shes got good breeding, thats for sure. His eyes moved from mother to daughter and back again. Not bad looking either. Like mother, like daughter.
A penny for your thoughts, Mr.
Trudys warm smile melted the last of his defenses. 
Jackson. Seth Jackson.
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Jackson. Can you stay for dinner with us? She pointed at the sun. Its just about noontime and my pots been cooking some venison all morning.
Seths mouth watered at the mention of his favorite meat. Yes, maam. Id be glad to.
When all five Marchettes bowed their heads for prayer before the meal, Seth tilted his and blinked. Everyone for miles around knew that Owen had converted New Harmonys once beautiful church into a sterile meeting hall. He thanked his hosts as Trudy handed him the first plate of stew seasoned by wild herbs picked before daybreak.
Sorry for the lack of furniture, Trudy said. Thatll have to wait until later on.
A small breakfast earlier that morning and the two-mile ride to inspect his neighbors had left Seth famished. He gobbled down half of his plate of food before speaking again.
I hate to be a busybody, folks, but you just dont match up at all with whats been said about those who still live over there at New Harmony.
In what way? Jack asked.
Everyone says that the people there be atheists.
Some are. Others said they were deists without need of what Jesus death on the cross accomplished. We only came out there as a way to move west is all. I wont speak for the motives of the others. Truth be told, I couldnt figure most of those folks out.
Man, oh man, you really are God-fearing people. So what made you leave New Harmony?
It was too crowded! Five-year-old Thomas assessment brought nods of agreement from his siblings and parents.
What the boy says is true, Jack said. There were two and three families in one dwelling. I for one got tired of listening to others fussing and fighting day and night. That alone is more than enough to weary a soul to death.
Thats not all, Trudy said. You cant raise children up right without a God-fearing pastor who loves and preaches Jesus and a church to go to worship at. She set her plate on her lap. New Harmony had neither one. Besides, you know what they say about rats are the first ones to leave a sinking ship?
Yeah.
Well, once we saw Mr. Owen hand over the town to his sons and getting ready to leave for good, we knew it was all over except the crying. Leastways for us. We did not even tarry to hear his farewell speeches. She shook her head. The man scheduled two of them! Must be because he addressed Congress twice that he thinks he needs to say everything more than once!
After the meal Seth spent the afternoon chopping down trees and helping to position them as the framework of the dwelling. By sunset the walls stood three feet high. Jack relished the unexpected progress.
You dont know how much your help means to all of us. I was a feared we wouldnt get it and the barn built by winter.
Seth positioned his left foot in a stirrup and lifted his aching body on top of Penny. She grunted as he settled into the forty-five-pound saddle.
Glad to be of help, neighbor. Me and my two boys will be back by in the morning. Theyre both strong as an ox. Well add some more height to your walls. And Ill bring some old furniture we got setting around. Its just taking up room in the barn.
Seth calculated that the furniture would be an adequate dowry. He believed in helping those who needed it. But he also thought that the Creator helped those who helped themselves and he needed help to marry off his sons. He explained his plan to his wife Mary as they lay in bed and listened to the howls of a lone wolf and an owls answering hoots.
The way I see it, a girl as fine as Samantha dont come along every day of the week. Shed make us proud to have her as a daughter-in-law.
Mary sighed. She had endured more than one of her husbands schemes during their 19 years of marriage.
Land sakes. Shes only thirteen. That gives her at least two, maybe three more years before she and her folks say yes to some boy who comes a courting her.
Thats why our boys are going to be first in line, starting tomorrow. Of course Ill have to explain to them hows they need to take it slow. Just like when I courted you. He squeezed her thigh.
She slapped his stomach. Ha! You were like a bull in a china shop. Both Ma and Pa said so, you know.
The next morning Seth and his sons, sixteen-year-old Tim and fifteen-year-old Arnold, hitched up the Jacksons two draft horses to the wagon, which was already loaded with the promised furniture. Almost a head taller than Penny, they set their own pace on the narrow rutted dirt road. Veterans of six other barn and house raisings, the boys sensed that this one was different because it was the first in which their father had brought along gifts. They had never seen him so excited. Both were afraid to ask why.
So all the other neighbors coming too, Pa? Tim asked. I was hoping to see Leroy again. He lives so fer away that I aint seen hide nor hair of him since the dance last Christmas. He was a hoping he was getting a musket for Christmas. Maybe we kin do us some hunting at dinnertime.
Afraid not, Timmy. It just be us three helping out the neighbors today. But once word gets out about their daughteruh, I mean about us helping them out, therell be others coming on over to give a hand.
More given to reading and writing than physical labor, Arnold groaned. Dang it all, Pa. That means were gonna have to work like dogs if its just us.
Quit your belly aching. Now listen up. The last two words he spoke were always a preface to matters of grave importance. I aint got a whole lot of time to explain it all but you two just got to be on your real best behavior whenever youre around the Marchettes.
But why, Pa? He aint a preacher is he?
His elder sons constant questions, which had started as soon as Tim learned to talk, irked Seth. The younger sons sagging head infuriated him.
Wake up, Arnold! Seth slapped the boys head with his hat. The soft leathers impact jolted him to attention. 
Huh? Are we there already?
Seth crushed the hat as he returned it to his head. Stay awake! You can sleep in the back of the wagon on the way back home tonight.
Sorry, Pa. Its on account of the horses hoof beats and the wagons swaying that I dozed on off. It all feels like when Ma used to rock me. It makes me sleepy.
Seth could not argue that point. Those sounds and motions had lulled him to sleep on many trips to and from town.
Like I was saying, you two best show off all your good manners around our new neighbors. No sense in them thinking were just a bunch of backwoods yahoos, even if thats what we are.
Because their father had never made such a request Arnold knew there was an unexplained reason for it. Tim just mumbled his acquiescence. He had learned long ago that questioning either parent could result in a whipping on his butt. On days when he woke up feeling especially rebellious he would don two pairs of pants for padding in case he got smart-alecky. When the wagon jostled to a stop a half-hour later Arnold understood the motive behind his fathers instructions. Greeting them was Samantha. Her radiant beauty transfixed him. She blushed in response and turned toward Seth.
Morning, Mr. Jackson. Father said I should water your horses for you.
Ill help you! The brothers shouted in unison and bumped into each other as they leaped from the wagon.
Seth smiled. Happy to see that his sons had taken the bait, he reined in their enthusiasm. Cant be having them be bulls in a china shop just cause I was.
Samantha, this here is Tim and Arnold. He pointed at each one. They be the best young men in all of these here parts.
Pleased to meet you both.
They gawked at her in reply, which made her giggle. Seth elbowed his two sons and hissed. Say something!
Charmed Im sure. Arnold removed his hat.
Tim guffawed. Charmed? She aint no witch with magic spells, you fool. Youll have to excuse my little brother, Samantha. He always has his head stuck in some book or other. Thats how come he picks up his fancy-pants words.
So the rivalry began. It lasted for three years. At first the two brothers would check with each other before they visited the Marchette homestead. But as Samantha continued to blossom the courtships took on a life of their own. Sabotage became common.
Once Tim, after hearing Arnold tell their mother that he planned on visiting Samantha that evening, snuck out from home and lay in wait for him along the only road that connected the two farms. Tim donned a burlap sack with holes cut that revealed only his eyes, pointed his pistol at his startled brother, and in a disguised voice told him to dismount. He rode off on Arnolds horse. To rub salt in the wound, Tim went to the Marchettes house and took Samantha for a ride on his brothers steed. He then returned home with the horse and a tall tale for the distraught Arnold.
I come across a highwayman who was a riding on top of your hoss. Sos I took it away from him. Here. He threw the reins to his staring brother, whose fists were clenching and unclenching.
Arnold noticed one of the saddlebags straps was loose. When he opened it his probing hand pulled out the burlap sack.
I knew it was you! He shook the proof in his Tims face. He started beating his legs but Tim lifted a foot from the stirrup and used it to propel his miffed sibling backward into a patch of mud. Only Seths intervention prevented further battle.
Fighting over her again? He pulled them apart. You better spend less time fighting and more time a courting her. I hear tell theres more boys going after her every week. Smarten on up real quick or youre both going to lose her.
Arnolds tactics were more subtle but effective. Whenever Samantha mentioned Tim he would dismiss his brother as Hes okay, but A list of negative traits always followed. When Tim turned nineteen and Arnold eighteen the boys mother feared they would settle their feud with a duel. Then her prayers were answered.
A new family settled nearby. The sight of its twenty-year-old daughter made Tim forget his infatuation with Samantha. Within a year he had married the newcomer and Arnold had wed Samantha. It was Arnolds love of books that had supplied his grandson Rod Lee with a library.
***

You know, Mom, if it hadnt been for Grandpa Arnold Id never have been a writer. Rod ran his hands over the worn volumes that filled the two three-foot wide, eight-shelf bookcases in the bedroom of his youth.
Rods mother hung the last shirt from his battered suitcase in his closet. I never thought of it that way. Which ones your favorite?
Rod scanned the shelves. Two volumes contained all of the works of Shakespeare. Volumes of an encyclopedia and Daniel Websters dictionary sat next to each other. One shelf was crammed with every book and short story by Charles Dickens. Another held the works of Edgar Allan Poe and Nathaniel Hawthorne. A third contained James Fennimore Coopers Leatherstocking Tales; a fourth, Mark Twains writings. 
Books by Victor Hugo, Mary Shelley, Robert Lewis Stevenson, Leo Tolstoy, Anne and Charlotte and Emily Bronte, Herman Melville, Jules Verne, Jane Austen, Washington Irving, Richard Henry Dana Jr., Alexandar Dumas, Hans Christian Andersen, Louisa May Alcott, Harriet Beecher Stowe, Benjamin Disraeli, Louis Carroll, John Milton, John Bunyan, Daniel Defoe, Jonathon Swift, Thomas Paine, and others lesser known so weighed down the two bookcases that Rods father had placed a four-inch by four-inch by ten-foot post underneath the floor where the books stood. He swore that the kitchen ceiling had sagged directly below the bookcases. Before Rod could pick a favorite, his father called from downstairs.
Margaret! Whats a man got to do to get some breakfast around here? I got to get on out to the barn to milk the cows but I cant be doing it on an empty stomach.
Be right there, William, she answered. I have a surprise for you. She put her forefinger to her lips and led Rod down the oak stairway.
Surprise? I dont need a surprise! I need some eggs and His tongue stopped and jaw dropped at the sight of his grinning son. Rod? When in tarnation did you get back home?
Rod grabbed his fathers hand. Late last night. I told Mom not to wake you up. You work so hard that you need every minute of sleep you can get.
William took two steps backward and slumped into the chair reserved for him at the kitchen table. You staying a while? Or just passing through on your way back to Chicago?
Rod sat down in the chair from which he had enjoyed thousands of his mothers meals. I dont know yet. He shrugged. Im going to have to do some thinking.
Well, while youre thinking you can help me fix up the place. My dad always said good hard labor clears the spider webs out of your mind. The fence is down and then
Land sakes, William. The boy just got home last night and already youre putting him to work. She cracked the last egg into the frying pan. The roaring fire she had lit after awakening quickly turned the transparent portions of the eight eggs to white. Let him rest up for a spell.
Rod smiled at his mother. Thats okay, Mom. Ive sort of missed the place.
Well, first thing after breakfast Ill reintroduce you to the cows. They always liked your warm hands on their teats better than my cold ones. William stretched them toward the warmth radiated by the stove, the only source of heat this early in the morning. A fire would not be lit in the parlors fireplace until Margaret moved from the kitchen after the noon meal. You had your fill of the newspaper business then?
Well see, Dad. Well see.
Well, those were some damn good
William! Margaret shook her ladle at him. It dripped pancake batter into her free hand. You know I dont allow such profanity.
He arched his eyebrows. Sorry, dear. Its just that its real good to have at least one child I can brag on. He turned toward Rod. Like I was saying, those were some mighty fine stories you wrote up. I mustve showed every one of them to everyone I know and then some.
Rod could not remember such praise. But being compared to his siblings troubled him. He stared at the family portrait that had been taken two days before he had left home eight years earlier. Smoke from the stove and fireplace had darkened it.
Uh, just how are Billy and Sarah doing?
You know Billy. Slow as ever.
Where is he?
Staying with his aunt and uncle for a spell. He seems to do better over there. I cant cotton to exactly why that is.
Sarahs married. You shouldve seen your dad when he gave her away.
Married? But your letter said
I guess my last letter to you didnt catch up to you.
When did you send it?
About two months back. I sent it to the hotel you were staying in there in Cairo.
That explains it. By then I was in Alexandria before I caught my ship to come home.
William shook his head as he put down his empty coffee cup. Whatd you come back on? A rowboat? It couldnt have taken that long to cross the Atlantic to New York and then take a train to Evansville.
I guess you might say I took the scenic route. I had an itch to visit some places I might not ever get a chance to see otherwise.
Rod told how he had booked passage to Miami. After exploring Florida and the southern tips of Alabama and Mississippi, he spent several days in New Orleans. Having read The Adventures of Tom Sawyer the previous decade and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn while crossing the Atlantic for home, Rod decided to explore Twains inspiration for parts of those two books  the Mississippi River. 
To do so he took a steamship from New Orleans up the mighty river. During the journey he filled a notebook with his impressions of the sights along both banks. He filled another with snippets of overheard conversations among his fellow passengers. Something about the slow pace of a paddlewheel chugging against the wide rivers mighty currents seemed to render the men and women on its decks into casualness so that they spoke freely and honestly. Even the children who frolicked on the riverboat became more animated than while on land. Rod related what he had learned from the trip. His mother tried to understand but looked perplexed. His father was dismissive.
Let me get this straight. First you go way out of your way just sos you can traipse all around Florida and Mississippi and Alabama and New Orleans. Then you take whats probably the slowest way known to man to get from New Orleans to Evansville  a boat going upriver. He held up his empty cup and motioned for Rod to refill it. Dont get me wrong. I can see taking a boat downriver. Takes a lot less time cause the rivers pushing the boat. You should have taken a train from New Orleans as far as Evansville. Well, enough of this jabbering. Time to go to work on eating your moms eggs, sausage, and pancakes. Pass that maple syrup over here, boy.
Rod nodded. Well, not much has changed while I was gone. Judging by his fathers remarks, the Hoosiers who made Indiana home were still as practical as ever. Having arrived home during the first week of December, he had missed the harvest, a backbreaking three to five-week process, depending on the extent of the crops of corn and tomatoes. The workday now consisted of milking the cows, feeding the hogs, horses, and chickens, and repairing whatever had been neglected during the busy growing and harvest times. 
After breakfast, father and son milked the two cows as they chewed their cud. Their udders supplied enough milk to make all of the butter, cream, and buttermilk consumed in the Lee household. Next, Rod poured the edible garbage from the bucket kept in the kitchen into their trough. The sow and her eleven piglets rushed to it and shoved one another as they fought for a place at their breakfast table. Their mother used her snout to move her offspring aside so that she could partially fill her sagging belly. The young pigs father hung in a nearby smokehouse by his hocks. This would be their final resting place once they were of age. Mother pig would survive until she stopped nursing her greedy little offspring.
At last came the broken down fence. Many of the boards had pulled away from the fence posts, victims of the never-ending expansion and contraction caused by freezing winters and sweltering summers that popped out the nails. Repairs involving hammer and nail brought forth the language not allowed in the house, especially when William missed the iron nails but hit the ones attached to his thumb or fingers. It took them all morning to fix one years worth of damage.
Dinner was a feast. Margaret served fried chicken, corn on the cob, mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans that she had canned during summertime, biscuits topped with apricot preserves, and apple pie for dessert. Rod remembered Shareefs failed attempts at the goodies and desserts he craved.
Mom, they just dont know how to bake pies in Egypt or France like you do.
She smiled. Thanks, son. You lost more weight than I feared you would.
Well, after you slop the hogs again, I guess you can take the afternoon off, William said. Wont get real busy again till we get the fields ready for planting come spring. Sure could use some help come then. Aint the spring chicken I used to be.
Well see. Okay if I take a horse to go visit some folks?
Dont see why not. Your old saddles still out in the barn. Maybe you can mooch a meal from one your friends. Thatll leave more for me at suppertime.
Margaret threw a dishrag at him. You got no call to complain about how any of your children turned out. Youre the one always putting such notions in their heads.
Williams feigned look of surprise made Rod cover his mouth. He had learned not to take sides in such conversations. When his wife grabbed a ladle and began to approach him, William held up his hands.
Youre right as usual, Margaret.
Rod used his fork to spear the crumbs from his dessert plate. Thanks for the great meal, Mom. He patted his stomach. Looks like Im going to be putting that weight back on. He stood. I best get going. Theres some folks I havent seen in quite a spell. Its hard to believe Ive been gone for so long.
The first friend Rod wanted to visit was Patricia Patty Pierson. They had become playmates in second grade and a friendship that endures for a lifetime took hold. He was not certain that she would still be at her parents farm, which was not quite five miles from the Lees place.
A nice girl like her probably got hitched long ago. His thoughts almost kept him from turning off on the dirt lane that had an oblong mailbox on a wooden post labeled Pierson. Maybe I should just continue on to Sallys home. I bet Pattys long gone by now. Saddle sore from his long absence of riding in one, Rod decided he at least needed to stretch his legs. Even if Pattys gone, I can sit a while and talk to her parents.
His knocks on the front door went unanswered. Then an old collie hobbled onto the porch. It barked at him and bared its teeth. But when the wind shifted and the dogs nose caught a trace of Rods scent it stopped its aggressive posturing. By the time it reached his side its tail was wagging. Its long snout nuzzled Rods outstretched hand.
Angie? Is that you? When I left for Chicago you were just a pup! Look at you now. He scratched her behind both ears. This sent her onto her back. He laughed as her legs first stood ramrod straight in the air and then bent at the knees in ninety-degree angles. Maybe you can help me out, Angie. Wheres Patty? Wheres Mr. and Mrs. Pierson?
Angie rolled back onto to her feet and barked. In between barks she turned toward the direction she wanted Rod to follow. When she rounded the corner of the house, he jogged to keep up with the excited dog. The still standing field of corn looked out of place. Many of its stalks were withered; a few had fallen to the ground under the weight of the unpicked cobs of corn. Only six of its long rows had been harvested. Rod twisted and turned as he followed Angie through the narrow rows. Any cornstalks that he bumped either lost an ear or two of corn or snapped at their base.
At the end of the rows Rod came upon a sight both pitiful and amusing. Mrs. Pierson and Patty pushed on a wagon overflowing with corn picked that day, its wheels mired in mud. Two horses strained at the other end. Without a word, Rod joined the women at the back of the wagon. He pressed his back against the three two-inch by twelve-inch boards that served as the wagons rear. After his shoes sank through the mud to the frozen ground, he pushed backward against the boards. The wagon lurched free as its wheels splattered Rod with mud. The horses seemed more thankful than the humans Rod had aided.
About time you showed up, young man. Mrs. Pierson said as she stomped mud off of her boots. There was a time I had to chase off all of the boys who were a courting my daughter. Now none of them come around. Nary a one. Bunch of no good fair weather suitors. She turned and spit into the mud puddle and then plodded across firmer ground to the horses to check if their bridles or harness needed to be adjusted.
Patty laughed and pointed at Rods mud covered pants, coat, and shoes. We better get you on back up to the house so you can wash up while I clean off your clothes and shoes for you. We cant send you home looking like you spent your time wallowing in the mud with our hogs.
Uh, good to see you again, Patty.
Likewise, Rodney. She made a fist and lightly punched his upper arm, which had been a common greeting between the two until eighth grade. After that, Patty had sought other ways to show affection. You showed up just in time. Weve been a grunting and groaning, moaning and cursing up a storm for a quarter hour at least trying to get the wagon unstuck. She chuckled. Fact is, Ma swore to the Lord that shed give up her corncob pipe and tobacco if He would send along an angel to help us out. So I guess from now on youre our angel, Mr. Lee.
Rod shrugged. If anything, Mrs. Pierson was more ornery and Patty funnier than he remembered them being. Mr. Piersons absence seemed odd.
How come your dad isnt helping you out? He always was the first one to get his corn picked and into the barn.
She stopped walking and stared at the rows of corn that they had spent all morning and the first of the afternoon harvesting. Pa died about a year back. I thought you knew.
No. Im sorry.
He got sick with consumption. Ma and me tried our best to nurse him back to health. Doc Besser came by a couple times but said there still aint no cure for it. So Pa died. I can take you over to the cemetery sos you can visit his grave if you like.
Okay.
How are your parents doing?
Its funny, in a way. The way I remember it they couldnt wait to send me off to Chicago. Now they act like they want me to move back home.
Can you blame them? Farming takes it out of you, Rod. Theyre older now and need you at least nearby just to survive.
They continued to follow the wagon. Mrs. Pierson did not stop urging the hungry, exhausted horses until they had pulled the load of corn into the barn. She jumped down from the seat and barked instructions as she passed the stragglers. 
Ill get supper going while you fix up the horses.
Okay, Ma. Our angel here is a tad hungry, too. I think I heard his stomach growling like a grizzly bear. Can he stay?
Angel? She bent at the waist and slapped her knees. Rod Lee aint no angel. Not from what I heard tell from the neighbor women. Thats why his folks sent him on off to Chicago. But beggars cant be choosy. Id rather have you married off to a devil than turning into an old maid any day of the week.
Rod blushed as he remembered the handful of worries he had been for his parents. He said nothing until Mrs. Pierson was in her kitchen.
Maybe Im not an angel. But I aint no devil neither! He grabbed a pitchfork and began to jab it at Pattys rump. Or maybe I am after all.
She laughed at his impersonation. After the horses were unhitched, they trotted to their stalls where Rod was filling the troughs with alfalfa hay. As they ate Patty brushed them until their thick coats of hair gleamed.
Looks like itll be a cold winter.
Huh?
Look at the horses hair. It always gets thicker if its going to be colder than normal. Pa taught me that.
As she worked they told what had transpired in their lives over the last eight years. Patty said one engagement ended when her less than ardent suitor backed out because of his mothers insistence that he marry another more to her liking.
She said I was too much of a tomboy. She sighed. Is that true?
Rod snickered. Remember the time when you gave Doug a bloody nose?
He had it coming. He made fun of the dress Ma sewed me.
How about when you gave Jeff a black eye?
Thats what you get when you call a girl ugly.
They walked back to the yellow two-story farmhouse. The aroma of frying pork chops and hash brown potatoes greeted them as they entered the back parlor. Rod stood behind a screen in its corner and took off his soiled clothes and shoes. As he handed them to Patty she gave him a pair of her deceased fathers worn overalls. She smiled as Rod stepped from behind the screen.
You could pass as one of Pas sons. They make you look just like him.
The meal was a sullen affair. Mrs. Pierson lamented about the absence of her husband, how she and Patty barely eked out a living, and whether they would be able to keep the farm. A portrait of the deceased hung on the wall next to the kitchen table but his smile was rendered ineffective by the black ribbon that adorned the lower right-hand corner of the frame. Because Rods chair faced that wall it seemed appropriate for him to converse with the dearly departed or at least speak well of him. 
Mr. Pierson was a good man. Best farmer in the state of Indiana.
Mrs. Pierson shook a fork at him so hard that a piece of pork flew from it onto the floor. It disappeared into Angies mouth. She lay under the table during every meal.
Better not let your pa hear such talk. Hes already staked claim to that honor. And that aint the half of it. Hes been over here a squawking about you and bragging to no end on your high and mighty stories. He mustve read every single one of them to me, some of them twice!
Rod looked at Patty for help but she was studying the food on her plate. Hope they didnt bore you too much.
Its not that. Him reminding me of your absence is what got my goat. Everybody knows you and Patricia were meant to be married. Any fool can see that plain as day. Youre two peas in a pod. Instead, you go gallivanting off to Chicago and Egypt. The least you couldve done is take her with you.
Hush, Ma. Patty tried to hide her crimson cheeks by wiping her face with her large cloth napkin. That surely is not the way to be talking to company. Let poor Rod eat his supper.
Do tell. And what am I supposed to say? Thank you, Mr. Lee for running off without my daughter? That just about broke your heart and you know it to be a fact.
Rod cleared his throat, which had constricted until air no longer reached his lungs. His palms filled with sweat and his mouth went dry. His hand shook as he drank his buttermilk for relief. Mrs. Pierson had been cordial the times he had visited Patty as a teenager. He wondered if losing a spouse always made the survivor more insistent, if death served to warn of the shortness of a lifetime and forced such a change of disposition. He instinctively reached for his notebook to record his insight but found none.
Whats the matter boy? Cat got your tongue?
After supper Rod excused himself and went to check on his clothes, which hung by the fireplace. His coat and pants were still damp but he dressed anyway. I know theyll get stiff like cardboard on the way home but I cant stay for what she might say next. Patty walked him out to the barn and his waiting horse.
Sorry about what Ma said. She really shouldnt drag you through the coals like that.
Its okay. She always speaks her mind.
She grimaced. Maybe Im just meant to be an old maid after all.
I doubt it. Im really surprised youre still not married.
The moonlight cast a soft glow on Pattys hands and face. Truth is I thought youd be hitched by now, too.
Nah. Im still just a lonely old bachelor.
She bit her bottom lip to stop its quivering. You think maybe we could be lonely together?


8
Now twenty-six, Benjamin thought it was his mature age that helped him to adapt somewhat to his new tour of duty. Once again it was not European countries armies that he must deal with. Instead, the native people of India would ensure that he earned his keep. 
Britain had removed much of the Dutch, French, and Portuguese influence over India by the mid-1700s. For the next 100 years the British East India Company controlled vast areas of the subcontinent as it expanded the trade of tea, cotton, opium, silk, precious gemstones, and dyes. The 1857 India Rebellion ended the Companys reign. It began in northern India when Indian soldiers slaughtered their British officers, their wives and children. British reinforcements sent from England and Gorham troops from Nepal crushed the rebels but not the lingering animosity that had inspired them. Unfortunately for the rebels, the British Crown assumed control instead and India became a colony.
The year that Benjamin had arrived in Bombay, 1885, marked the birth of the Indian National Congress. Some of its leaders were adherents of the Theosophical Society, which was born the same year. Its American founders preached a hodge-podge of science, philosophy, and religion that aimed for a Universal Brotherhood of Humanity. In India, a system of castes and power exercised by landlords, princes, and tribal leaders effectively ensured a brotherhood in which one might never rise above the social and economic status bestowed at birth. Hindus and Muslims had battled each other on the subcontinent for centuries before Europeans had arrived. 
The British Crowns rule is akin to a lid on a simmering pot about to boil over, Benjamins commanding officer had said. For those bent on independence, the English language, British tradition and custom, and improvements such as our vast railway and telegraph systems serve as a veneer. Enough motivated Indians are now willing to act as doctors to the birth of a new, independent nation based on democracy. Seems to happen everywhere we go.
Such historic undertakings bored Benjamin. He had gone from the starry eyed enlistee to a jaded individual wary of commitment to others. Convinced that he was at best just a very small fish in the vast ocean of the British Empire and at worst bad luck for any with whom he became too intimate, he adopted a bravado of the cold-hearted, detached, bored loner that officers of any army love. For such men make excellent non-commissioned officers, perhaps the toughest assignment of all because sergeants toil in that no mans land that lies between the elite officer corps and enlisted men, most of whom leave the military after serving for a minimal length of time.
So it was little surprise that two months after arriving in India, Corporal Worthington became Sergeant Worthington. The extra pay was welcomed; the extra stripe did not go to his head. When he remained the same old Bennie, those he now commanded strove to please him or at least not sabotage him too severely.
The conditions in Egypt had prepared him only partially for what he saw in India. Children playing in open sewers; the crippled, deformed, and blind begging on the streets; and pickpockets helping themselves to wallets and valuables of Europeans all seemed omnipresent in the cities. Bombay, with its teeming mass of humanity, pulsed as if it never slept. At night the sounds of its hundreds of thousands of inhabitants quieted to a gentle murmur. By dawn, the murmur intensified as the earliest risers snaked their way down narrow, dirty streets. At midday, pedestrians, horse drawn carriages and wagons, and rickshaws pulled by muscular drivers dodged one another as they jockeyed for position. As dusk fell the thousands of fires cooking the days last meal filled the air with acrid smoke that filtered the moonlight.
Benjamin rarely ventured far from his barracks. His company was assigned to guard various buildings that housed English governmental officials. He spent his days assigning lower ranking soldiers to their posts and visited their scattered locations only if any complaint or concern arose.
Its very good of you to arrive so very promptly, Sergeant
Worthington, sir. He remained at attention.
Do sit down. Surely your military bearing is not required in my presence.
Just as you please. He settled onto the white couchs soft leather cushions and removed his helmet. Although it was still morning, Benjamins face and uniform were drenched with sweat. Little breeze found its way from the calm waters of the Arabian Sea five miles to the west. An Indian servant pulled a cord attached to a giant flap made of thin bamboo slats suspended from the ceiling. Its rhythmic movement provided just enough circulation of the humid air to cool the stifling office by a few degrees. As the official droned on about life in general Benjamins eyes kept returning to the pitcher of water on the mahogany desk that separated civilian from soldier.
Bleeding awful, this never-ending heat. Some water for you perhaps?
Id be obliged, sir.
Here you go.
The water went down his gullet in a single gulp. It took two more glasses of the tepid liquid to restore Benjamins focus to the officials satisfaction. Thank you, sir. Seems you cant drink enough water on this God-forsaken continent we presently find ourselves on.
Quite. Now as I was saying, the new chief minister will be arriving here within the week. When he arrives everything must be just so, to his liking, including those whom you assign here, you see.
Has there been some sort of problem?
Yes, indeed. One of your men is of the rather uncivilized habit of passing wind in others presence. He pinched his nostrils. The smell produced from his gas is simply wretched. It is so ghastly that my wife gagged as she passed him by. She was terribly offended by it, as any civilized person should quite understandably be.
Its the food, sir.
The food? What on earth does food have to do with it?
What we are served for our rations is rather hard to digest, sir. Especially what comes in those tins shipped from back home.
I see. Well, I inquired of him and took down his name. In fact, Ive made up a list of the substandard soldiers with their various offenses next to their names. He slid the paper across the desk as if it were a secret communiqu straight from London.
Benjamin blinked after he counted off eight names. He had expected two or three. I am awfully sorry, indeed, I am, sir. He folded the list and shoved it into his pocket. Ill attend to this matter straightaway. He snapped to attention as he stood and saluted.
Yes, Im sure you are aware of what level of talking to each of them shall require. Jolly good show. Good day, to you. Unsure of whether to shake the soldiers hand or salute him, the official first raised his hand toward his forehead then thrust it toward Benjamin before giving up by shrugging. Off with you, then. I shall expect immediate improvement on all fronts forthwith.
Although it felt hotter once he was outside Benjamin preferred it to the stuffy confines he had exited. So far, demands made on him by civilian officials in Bombay outnumbered those given by military superiors two to one. But the demands from the street vendors that he sample their wares proved even more imposing. He ignored the five rickshaw pullers who clamored for him to hire them, the sellers of produce, and the artisans who assembled and displayed jewelry from their roadside venues. After walking only half of the distance to his barracks he relented. He flagged down the next empty rickshaw and gave the puller directions.
Whats a few rupees anyway? He watched the wiry man who pulled him set a pace that seemed impossible, given the heat, humidity, and congested streets. With my weight and that of the cart, he is pulling at least nineteen stone of weight. A real trooper, that one.
As he paid the rickshaw driver in front of his barracks another service was offered. Thank you, sahib. Maybe you want shoe shine boy? He pointed at Benjamins boots, which were dirty from his morning excursion. My son number one shoe shine boy for you, yes?
Tempted to be rid of him, Benjamin reached into his pocket for a tip but kept his hand there as the drivers expression turned from hope to disappointment. Yes, okay then. If he can shine boots as well as you pull your cart send him along here in the morning. Tell him to ask for Sgt. Worthington.
Thank you, so much, sahib. Roni be here tomorrow.
Benjamin hurried into the barracks and tried to slip into his office unnoticed but, as usual, the sergeant major saw his return and summoned him into the adjoining room from which he commanded the battalion that included Benjamins company.
Howd it go then? What did he want this time around?
Just a few minor complaints is all. Nothing of great import really. 
Such as?
He handed over the list. Only a faint smile animated the sergeant majors wrinkled face as he read the offenses. He handed it back.
Have a talking to with the men. And stop your saluting of civilians. It unnerves them no end.
Yes, sir. He quickly executed an about turn to hide his devilish grin.
The only ones present at the barracks were not on the list so he waited until after the offenders return from their posts to address them as a group. Hating to act as the messenger of such triviality, Benjamin assembled them on benches that ran alongside the barracks thick outer walls. One soldier fidgeted. Four of the eight smoked; one a pipe, two cigarettes from England, and one a cigarette made from cubeb, a berry from a shrub that was dried and used in place of tobacco throughout India.
Mr. Snipes had a word with me about you louts again today. Those of you engaging in such behavior as he deems offensive have increased greatly in number and wretchedness in regards to said offenses.
The nervous soldier counted his comrades. There are eight offenders? Thank God for that! Im still quite all played out from the dressing down he gave me just this afternoon. I was going daft worrying it was only me riling up the stomach of his lordship and that you were about to use me as an example in front of everyone else.
Oh, quit being a Nervous Nellie, again, Gerry boy. That man is the very devil in the flesh, he is. He lives and breathes only to torture blokes like us. Its a sport to him because hes upper crust and were all from the lower class.
Nevertheless, Im going to have to ask you to cease the following actions while on guard duty there: farting, talking to the young ladies, blowing your nose, picking your nose, yawning, and making faces after his lordship passes you by.
Isnt he being quite a lot of bother? How can he see us making faces after he passes by? The jester of the group formed two circles with his thumbs and forefingers and placed them on his brown hair. I suppose he has eyes in the back of his head.
Benjamin motioned for the raucous laughter to cease. Hes stationed others to watch you as he goes in and out of the building. Hes a tricky one, you know. Sly as a fox, that one is.
But my farting as his royal highness approaches is my way of saluting him. The guilty one confessed. I store up the gas until he shows up and then let it out all at once. One time he even looked like he was going to bring his breakfast back up.
The story produced new gales of laughter. One of them leapt to his feet and imitated the official.
I say, you there guard! He pointed at the soldier who used his intestinal gas as a greeting. What is the source of that awful smell all about you? It is simply wretched. Its not the remains of some rat that you crushed with your boots is it? They have been invaded our building once again and overrun us.
As if on cue, the offender in question broke wind loud enough for all to hear and sniffed the air. I say, my good man. It rather smells like last nights supper, it does. How odd is that?
When the offensive odor drifted the others jumped to their feet and scattered.
Youre a good one for monkey business!
Another fanned the air with his helmet. Your farts are more deadly than a bullet.
Benjamin shook his head. All right. Enough of this. Youve been warned once and for all. Just be aware that the sergeant major has seen the list as well. I rather doubt you want him calling you in.
He walked back to the small room that served as his bedroom. Located next to the long rows of cots where the enlisted men slept, it offered minimal privacy. At times he felt like a nursemaid to a bunch of brats or a flustered schoolteacher who had been given all of the worst students for detention hall. Having lived in the confines of Bombay for almost a year, he decided it was time for a change. He spoke to the sergeant major the next morning.
A transfer? If you dont like the Bombay Administrative Zone, that leaves only two others from which to pick, either Bengal or Madras.
Actually, I was hoping for a posting to the countryside up to the north where its much cooler.
Good God, man! Now I know you have gone bonkers! Usually its the ones out there who want the easy duty here in the cities. Not the other way around.
But
Listen here, Sgt. Worthington. This is clearly a case of where you had best look before you leap. I know from your ribbons that you were part of the Egyptian campaign.
Yes. Adalet danced in his mind.
Just so you know, northern India has a rather high concentration of Moslems just itching to fight the Hindus and us as well. If things blow up I expect it to happen there before anywhere else in India.
Ive heard as much.
And thats not the half of it. I was up that way as part of the Second Anglo-Afghan War. You know what happened to our soldiers when they were captured by the Moslems?
Ive heard stories. He was in no mood for a retelling of the horrors.
The bloody native women would cut off the prisoners ballocks. They would tie our soldiers to the ground, put a piece of wood in their mouth sos they could not swallow, and take turns pissing in their mouths till they drowned in the piss.
Benjamin stared out the window.
Your silence tells me you still want to go.
Yes.
Very well, then, on one condition. He grabbed a newspaper off of his desk and tossed it onto his lap. I have a newspaper from Lahore sent to me. You are to report to me daily and I will pass copies on to you after I have read them.
The Civil and Military Gazette? I have heard of it.
Now you will read it as well to hopefully get a better grasp of that region. Pay special attention to what that Rudyard Kipling chap writes. He turned and looked out the window that faced northward. The man has a way with words, especially his short stories. When I read them, its as if Im there in the midst of the characters taking it all in. Kipling paints a picture of India with his words.
Is that all?
Yes. If after three months you still desire to go there, Ill make the necessary arrangements.
Benjamin arose. Thank you.
As he passed the threshold he felt a tug at his shirtsleeve. Looking down, he saw a tiny boy with a small wooden box. The boy bowed when asked what he wanted. 
My father sends, sahib. To shine boots. You Sgt. WorWorth
Worthington.
Yes. I shine boots?
Come along, lad.
It was the beginning of an odd friendship of a small Indian boy yet untarnished by lifes setbacks and a cynical soldier inwardly wounded by them. At first, the sergeant had to coax personal details from the boy: that he was twelve, the oldest of six brothers and sisters, and expected to help provide for the family in any way possible.
His box contained rags that he scavenged from trash heaps. He claimed that the polish was a concoction of secret ingredients formulated by his mother. When Benjamins boots shone more than any worn by his soldiers they, too, employed Roni. Within two weeks the entire companys boots had been made to shine like new. By the end of his first month at the barracks, Roni began to ask Benjamin questions. 
I tell about me, I can ask you, sahib?
Benjamin looked up from his latest copy of The Civil and Military Gazette. Go ahead.
I go with you to north of India?
So began the first of dozens of such requests. At first, Benjamin brushed them off as impossible. But after six weeks of hearing Ronis pleas, he decided the matter needed to be laid to rest. So he accompanied the boy home one evening. Getting there involved treading through a maze of streets and alleyways that Benjamin did not know existed. The unexpected guest surprised both of Ronis parents.
Has Roni been bad? his mother asked.
Nothing of the sort. Benjamin described the boys sad refrain of joining him in the north.
Yes, it is common for such as Roni to become attached to their sahib. His father shrugged.
Just what does it mean? Sahib that is?
For you English, perhaps prince is the best translation.
The explanation brought back the memory of the nickname that Shareef had bestowed on him in Alexandria. First Im called royalty in Egypt, now in India as well! He muttered. If only I really were.
The next month involved five more meetings and as many meals with Ronis family. During the last dinner of flatbread, chicken, and vegetable curry, Benjamin reluctantly acquiesced. His agreement was conditional  if the situation became too severe for the boy, he had the option of sending him back to Bombay on a train. Mother and father smiled at the requirement. Now they were certain their son would be safe so far from home. All that remained was a final meeting with the sergeant major.
Here you go. Benjamin placed the last seven borrowed copies of The Civil and Military Gazette on his superiors desk.
Youve read more than enough of them. Tell me. What is your opinion of northern India now? I dare say it has changed.
After reading Kiplings short stories I simply have to go and see it for myself. I can already envision the people and places in my mind.
He coughed. I was hoping they would dissuade you, not the other way around. 
Sorry, sir.
You know how they call India the Jewel in the Crown of the Empire?
Of course.
Well, that might be true enough but its cost us many a brave soldiers blood it has. He sighed. Its a sticky business in that part of India. Youll find out once you arrive there. Would you like a wager on that?

The trip from Bombay to their new home lasted three days. There were many stops along the way and loading and unloading of passengers at each one was a logistical nightmare. Because the riders outnumbered the seats dozens of passengers rode atop the rail cars. This proved risky if one dozed off. Roni counted three such unfortunates who tumbled from the train to the side of the tracks.
It was the first time either Roni or Benjamin had ventured beyond Bombay to other parts of the subcontinent. Both spent hours staring out of the window as the landscape transformed. The farther north they went the less flat the terrain became until the tropical climate of Bombay and its savanna vegetation was replaced by a hilly, warm semi-arid region. Finally, they entered a high desert region.
After passing a mass of steep hills and gorges, they saw mountains that seemed to touch the sky off in the distance. Benjamin tried to explain the snow that covered the distant peaks to Roni. Their destination was an outpost that had served as one of a series of supply depots during Britains war in Afghanistan during the previous decade. Now it supplied law and order for hundreds of miles in each direction or at least attempted to. The outpost lay near to Amritsar. Grabbing Benjamins arm, Roni warned him to beware of pickpockets as they departed the train.
My father told me some people very bad here, sahib. They make living by stealing.
The boys assessment was reinforced when Benjamin met his commanding officer, Captain Reginald Townsman. He displayed a combination of nonchalance, detachment, and ambivalence that Benjamin had seen in only one other officer, who had died during the Gordon Relief Expedition. He welcomed the absence of bravado shown by Townsman. 
Your sergeant major wrote. He waved the two-page letter in an attempt to fan six annoying flies away from his face. He says you asked for this assignment.
Yes, sir.
I suppose you know that the natives here are famous for pinching things. That is why the Criminal Tribes Act was passed some time back. What else to do? And we are the chosen ones under obligation to enforce it. Any questions?
When do I meet my men?
They are out on patrol right about now. Ill introduce you right and proper when they come back in. Carry on, then. I see you brought a servant boy along. Just keep a close eye on him so the locals dont kidnap him to sell him or ask for ransom.
Yes, sir.
With only two administrative clerks from his company not on patrol, Benjamin spent the next week settling in at his new barracks. He pestered the supply sergeant until he parted with a broken cot. After repairing it, he showed Roni the first bed above a floor that he would enjoy.
I British now. I sleep like Queen Victoria, yes, sahib?
Benjamins company returned to the outpost with reports of four skirmishes with bandits. Casualties had been light, one dead and two wounded. The corporal who had led the patrol briefed his new sergeant.
I wish Id had some sepoys along with me instead.
You prefer Indian soldiers over English ones? Benjamin feared that his new group of soldiers was motlier than those he had left behind in Bombay.
Not at all. That is just my quaint way saying I would much rather see an Indian soldier die at the hands of those lawless Indians from these parts. They are downright uncivilized chaps out there. 
The corporal took time to answer Benjamins questions. Many of the tribes from the region were nomadic and lived by treachery when visiting the towns and cities. Others specialized in banditry and robbed any who traveled the desolate stretches between the population centers. Whenever the complaints of such criminal activity became too great, the colonel in command of the outpost would send out a patrol to drive them from the area. Such methods were temporary at best but a semblance of law and order was maintained. The corporals worldview made sense to Benjamin.
We must brass things out. After all Britain is called upon to be the worlds policeman nowadays.
Yes.
And our company is called to be the policemen in the most lawless region of all India. It was not all that long ago that the Thugees were everywhere in these parts, smoking their hashish and strangling people. Some of the locals claim theres still a few Thugees to be found. Theres quite a mix here  Hindus, Moslems, Jainists, Buddhists, Christians, and others Im not yet familiar with. The Hindus and Moslems have been battling it out for quite some time. No reason theyll quit just because we showed up.
Id think the Viceroy and Governor General would at least supply more troops here.
Hah! Hes all very comfortable over there in his palace in Calcutta, a good 1200 miles distant. We and our troubles are probably least of all on his mind.
Ronis homesickness lasted for six months. Then he settled into a routine that made life bearable. He enjoyed the English lessons given him by one of the companys clerks. A highlight for him was traveling to Amritsar, about a one-hour journey. Convinced that his custodian would be either accosted or swindled by a dishonest merchant unless he protected him, Roni tagged along on every trip, business or personal. His knowledge of Hindustani made him a valued translator.
They think because I am Christian that maybe I only know English, sahib, he said.
Oh? How is it that youre Christian, Roni?
My mother would tell us stories of the missionary William Carey from England. He described how Carey and his wife lost one of their children to disease and Mrs. Carey her mind as a result. William had buried both. Because the Careys did not give up my ancestors became Christian.
The tragic story reminded Benjamin of his loss of Adalet. He could not comprehend anyone giving up a child and wife for the sake of the heathen masses of India, no matter how great their need. But he did admire Carey for his efforts to end sati, a ritual in which a live widow joined her dead husband on his funeral pyre.
Lets be going. We cant travel the road back to the outpost at night.
Their simple life reflected that of the native people. But the Criminal Tribes Act cast a shadow over those whom it targeted, relegating them to a caste of what some considered hopeless criminals beyond repair. Not all of them were inclined to a life of crime even though many of the foreigners and upper caste Indians remained unconvinced.
Gradually, Benjamin came to respect the distinct personalities of his commanding officer and corporal. As time wore on, each of them seemed to grow ever more settled in their habits, conversations, and beliefs. Captain Townsman displayed the qualities that an English gentleman back home might be expected to radiate at all times. Always courteous, prompt, and to the point regardless of ones rank, he maintained his detachment from both soldier and civilian alike as if they were mere characters in a drama of his own imagining. 
Corporal Langson appeared to be so concerned with everyone and everything everywhere that Benjamin thought he was obsessed with engineering a status quo that was unobtainable. After a year and a half of studying the two whom he had most of his dealings with, Benjamin concluded that both men relied on their distinct personalities to maintain their sanity in what all three agreed had to be the most uncivilized region of India.
Occasionally, he needed a break from their idiosyncrasies. After wrangling a one-week pass from the captain, Benjamin decided to take in the sights of Lahore. He had continued to read Kiplings writings in The Civil and Military Gazette. Because his favorite author was headquartered in Lahore, Benjamin planned to visit him at the newspapers offices and invite him for dinner or a spot of tea if the journalist was too busy for a meal. But when he arrived there he discovered that he had postponed meeting him a little too long.
Kipling? Im afraid hes gone, sir. A clerk at the papers front counter informed him. Hes gone off to Allahabad to work for the Pioneer. Its a bigger newspaper, you see. Wouldnt mind ending up there myself someday.
Benjamin nodded and walked outside, hands in pocket and head bowed. Just a day late and a dollar short.
What, sahib?
Nothing, Roni. Just something Rod Lee used to mumble about quite a lot. Not meeting his favorite storyteller deflated his expectations of a leave that he would never forget. He carried too many questions about Kiplings stories that only he could answer. Most of the week was spent sulking nearby the small room he and Roni shared. The energetic boy finally convinced him to visit the citys marketplace.
None of the trinkets, garments, tapestries, herbal remedies, snake charmers, or fakirs proved tantalizing enough. The beautiful women did. Centuries of invasions from Persia and other kingdoms had resulted in a mingling of peoples of varied ancestries and the results were almost as beautiful as Adalet, Benjamin decided. If not for Ronis presence, he would have pursued one of them. Next time Ill come back here alone. Ill send Roni off for a visit with his family.
A day after returning from Lahore, Benjamin climbed aboard his horse to lead a patrol to the nearby hills where a particularly nasty group of bandits had taken up residence. They had waylaid groups of travelers numbering as many as thirty. The frequency of their crimes caused one of the local rajahs to complain to the outposts commander. He assured the ruler that the brigands will be dealt with at once. In typical chain of command fashion, the colonel notified the captain, who notified Benjamin.
The colonel was adamant that I prod you into action, he said. The rajah was most exacting in his request.
Oh?
Indeed. While you patrol the hills to the west I am to lie in wait with a company of sepoys at a point where the bandits are most likely to flee to. A jolly good ambush will be enjoyed by all except them.
Quite.
The captain and the Indian troops under his command left a day before Benjamins patrol so that they could position themselves. Fierce fighters, the Sikhs welcomed the chance to shoot at something other a paper target. Their uncut hair lay hidden under long cloth turbans. Roni thought the turbans fit their role.
Their turbans look like helmets, he told Benjamin. Even the civilian Sikhs look like soldiers.
This would be Ronis first accompaniment on a patrol. He had begged to go along on many others but was always rebuffed. Exasperated, Benjamin turned to his captain for help.
Why not? Captain Townsman said. He shall have an enjoyable time of it, Im certain. I have never seen such expert horsemanship from one so young.
Because he now lived with Benjamin full time, Roni had needed extra duties. His love of animals led him to the stables, where he cared for the companys horses. At first, the small boy who fed, watered, brushed, and walked them bemused his twenty-five charges. Over time, they grew to love him. Now a soldier in his own mind, Roni rode on the rump of Benjamins horse, his hands clutching the riders coat.
The expedition journeyed for half a day before encountering a tribe of goat herders. Its elders complained that the bandits had harassed them by occasionally stealing goats. They thought that the outlaws were camped in a small valley between hills that offered early morning and late afternoon shade.
The shadows had begun to spread eastward from the thieves tents by the time Benjamin halted his men a safe distance from their den. He gave the order for them to dismount. Roni stayed with the horses as the soldiers crept toward the smoke from the fires over which the women were preparing the evening meal. Although he stalked criminals, Benjamin believed it fair to give them a chance to surrender. After his men were safely positioned behind rocks about 300 yards from the camp, he climbed atop a boulder and shouted out to their quarry in one of the few Hindustani phrases he had learned from Roni.
We have you surrounded. Surrender!
When his offer was answered with a hail of bullets he jumped down behind the massive rock. The bandits were armed with single shot Russian .42 caliber Berdan rifles left over from Russias 1885 venture into Afghanistan and Turkish Peabody-Martini rifles from the 1877-78 Rusio-Turkish War. Benjamins troops returned fire with eighteen Martini-Henry short lever rifles and six .402 caliber Enfield-Martinis. The shooting went on for two hours with neither side gaining an advantage.
Tired of his assignment to the rear, Roni led the horse that carried a case of ammunition to the front lines. A private cut the ropes that held the box to the horse. It tumbled to the ground and spilled some of its contents. He and Roni began ferrying the bullets to those who called for them. Sgt. Worthington yelled to his forward observer for an update. How many would you say there are, Corporal Langson?
Langson lowered his field glasses. So far Ive counted forty or so with rifles. But there may be more.
Forty? Benjamin cursed. He had expected a smaller number, based on what he had learned from the goat herders. This is a fine kettle of fish we find ourselves in.
The bandits had fired sparingly, just enough to keep the intruders pinned down. Because the English were outnumbered any advance would prove foolish at best, suicidal at worst. Benjamin sent a soldier to fetch the contingent led by Captain Townsman. Hurry back quickly, lad. We only brought along enough ammunition to last us until about noon tomorrow.
Just dont finish off the blighters before my return. He smiled crookedly. Id hate to miss out on all of the action.
Those who remained behind ate cold rations that evening. Their sergeant reminded them that building any fires would illuminate their silhouettes into a target guaranteeing death. An uneasy unannounced cease-fire lasted until dawn.
At first light the tribe of bandits renewed the battle. Five of their number had circled behind the British under cover of darkness. One of the first bullets fired from behind him struck Benjamins leg. His eyes grew wide as blood spurted from the wound and scenes of watching men in Egypt die from similar trauma to arteries replayed in his frightened mind. He shouted for the companys lone medic, who crawled to his side.
Best use your belt as a tourniquet.
Benjamin pulled the black leather belt free and handed it to him. The pressure it applied to his thigh comforted him. What now?
The medic studied the wound. Its stopped it to a slow flow. The bandage I apply will help also. But you need a doctor to sew the artery back in one piece. Or else
Ill bloody bleed to death. Having survived his wound in Egypt, he felt no obligation to die in India. What do you suggest?
Before the medic could answer, Roni grabbed his arm. Please, sahib. Tell Sgt. Worthington I must take him to doctor.
The medic stared at the boy and then turned to his patient. Im afraid its your only hope.
Benjamin finished drinking the large flask of whiskey that the medic had provided as an anesthetic. His loss of blood and infusion of alcohol rendered him light headed. He tried to voice his refusal of Ronis offer but slipped into unconsciousness in mid-sentence.
You hear him say, yes, sahib?
Im uncertainbloody hell with it all! Go fetch his horse!
Bullets danced about Ronis feet as he retrieved Benjamins mount from the nearby shelter of small trees and bushes to which he had moved the horses during the night. He rode it to where his dying friend lay. The medic slid the saddle and saddlebags from the horse.
Yours and his weight is enough. Help me get him over the horses back.
After they draped Benjamins limp body over the horse the medic tied Benjamins hands to his ankles so that they joined under the nervous steeds belly. He cinched the knot tighter than others he had tied to join dead soldiers appendages. Roni smeared his hands in the blood that still oozed from the bandage around Benjamins wound and painted his face, head, and arms with the sticky mess until his brown skin and black hair took on a speckled red hue as the suns rays glinted off of the gore.
What are you
After Roni grabbed Benjamins rifle from the dust, he wiped it across the still oozing bandage until it looked as if it had been splattered with the blood of those it had killed. The medic helped him onto the horse. Roni grabbed the horses reins with his left hand and began to wave the Enfield in wide arcs above his head.
They think I am sent by Kali, maybe? Roni winked at the medic as he ordered the horse into a run for its and the two riders lives.
The sight of the fifty-pound boy swinging the rifle atop the galloping horse stunned the bandits so that they stopped firing. Blood curdling screams Roni let loose further confused them. His exhortations of who he was followed.
I am the son of Kali! He screamed in Hindustani. I have come to take the dead Englishman to hell!
A bandit rose to his feet and cheered as he waved his rifle above his head. One by one, his brothers-in-arms joined him in cheering Roni. Then the English soldiers stood and cheered. None of the combatants, Indian or British, had ever witnessed such bravery. Few of them ever would before their turn came to die.


9
Rod awoke shortly before midnight and stumbled down the narrow stairs. He hoped his bumping against walls and furniture would not awaken the others. At last a struck match allowed him to locate a candle. Its soft glow illuminated the kitchen enough that his collisions ended. He fumbled through the icebox for the pitcher of buttermilk and drank from it. The thick liquid began to calm his nerves, which had taken on the habit of continuing to receive messages from his brain all hours of the night. Tomorrow would be his third Christmas since his return from Egypt. Although he had planned on accepting a position at a Chicago newspaper, life had intervened. After much reflection, he had accepted Pattys offer to be lonely together. Now he knew the life of a farmer on the land that Mrs. Pierson had deeded to Patty.
Twos company but threes a crowd. Mrs. Pierson had said when she moved to a friends boardinghouse in Evansville. Besides, Im all farmed out after sixty-three years of living on one.
Soon any lingering loneliness either Rod or Patty might feel would be banished. She lay sleeping on the soft straw-filled mattress, their first child growing inside of her. Thoughts of fatherhood troubled Rod. Faced with a crossroads scarier than any of his earlier ones, he knew this decision would chart the course for the rest of his life. Talking it over with Patty had only complicated the issue.
You have to decide, Rod. I love you and will back you up either way.
Offered a position at the largest newspaper in southwestern Indiana seemed a deal too good to be true. But acceptance would mean much time away from his soon to be born child. 
As was his habit, Rod moved to the front parlor. After positioning firewood over the faint embers, he sat next to the hearth in his favorite overstuffed chair. Its footrest bore a permanent indentation from Mr. Piersons years of resting his boots on it. The notebooks that Rod wrote in were larger than those he had filled as a journalist. Now they were the kind used by college students for essays. Into them went whatever came to mind. 
When Patty had given him a copy of Ben Hur for his last birthday Rod devoured its pages in three days. He glanced at the dog-eared book. If another Indiana writer can write like that then maybe I can too.
By the time Patty joined him downstairs, Rods pencil had dropped to the floor and his head was quivering in response to his snores. Soon the aroma of breakfast stopped the snores, replaced by stretches and yawns.
Better get up, sleepyhead! We have to meet Ma for church in town.
Rod shook the stiffness from muscles and joints as he staggered to the kitchen. He put his head beneath the pump that stood above the sink and pulled down on the handle until his hair and neck were soaked with icy water. 
At least the pipe didnt freeze up again.
After drying off with a dishrag, he went back upstairs and dressed. Then he poked his head into the smallest bedroom.
Better get up or youll miss Santa.
The twenty-two year old boy-man stirred.
Merry Christmas, Billy.
Christmas?
Come on down for breakfast.
Billy jumped out of bed and stubbed his toe against the leg of his dresser. Dancing on one foot to relieve the pain, he threw an undershirt, socks, and pair of drawers onto his bed. Then he fished his Sunday meeting go to church blue suit from the closet. Five minutes later, the image in the mirror convinced him that he would pass Rods inspection. Billy had a mans fully developed body, the mind of a young boy. For him, the lure of what lay beneath the Christmas tree was stronger than the delicious smells drifting to the second floor.
Looky there! Which ones is for me? He pointed at the presents before he touched the bottom step of the stairway.
Rod watched from the doorway that led from the front parlor to the kitchen. You know Mom will tan your hide if you open up her present when shes not here, little brother. Come on in and eat.
Aw, shucks. I always have to wait all of the time for everything.
Youll live.
They devoured the bacon, eggs, and toast without talking. Each realized there would be hell to pay if they arrived late at the worship service. That hell would not be delivered by the preacher but by Mrs. Pierson, who preached that being late for ones own funeral was the only tardiness acceptable when it came to church gatherings. Christmas day especially made her vigilant for laggards.
After breakfast, Billy helped Rod to hitch the horses to the sleigh. Though winter had officially begun only days earlier the roads already were clogged by enough snow to make travel by wagon too slow and treacherous. As he had for every Christmas since age three, Billy wore a long red cap with a white ball that dangled from its pointed end. Riding in the sleigh transformed him into one of Santas elves as he handed out aliases.
Youre Santa, Rod, and Im your elf!
Patty, seated between them, elbowed him in his ribs. Who am I then, Billy?
Mrs. Claus, silly. And thats another elf in your belly.
They laughed. The fifteen-mile trip to Evansville was spent singing every Christmas carol and Yuletide hymn Billy knew, all thirty-seven of them. Mrs. Piersons icy stare when they entered the otherwise warm church let them know that they had missed too much of the organists prelude before the service. It lasted a full hour every Christmas. Rod let his wife and brother first enter the pew where Mrs. Pierson sat so that they could serve as a buffer. From painful experience, he knew that she was willing to chastise wrongdoers with whispered rebukes during the service. When Billy sat next to her she trembled. Her face grew beet red as she snatched the cap from his head.
No hats in church! Her hiss reminded Billy of snakes he had stumbled across in the cornfields.
Billy grabbed it back and placed it gingerly in his coat pocket. I forgot, Grandma. Sorry.
Rod chuckled. Billy had yet to grasp the concept of a mother-in-law. After much confusion he had decided that his sister and brothers respective mothers-in-law were his grandmothers-in-law.
Thats because my real grandmas and grandpa died already. So Rod and Sarah went out and found me one new grandpa and two new grandmas by getting married. He always explained to any who asked about his extended family.
The service was short. Pastor Henkhauser knew that most in attendance that morning were itching to get back home for Christmas dinner, gift exchanges, and merrymaking, not listening to his pontificating so he trimmed the sermon to half its normal time. Speaking of the Babe in the manger surrounded by farm animals and visited by shepherds, he tossed his pitch to the farm families that made up over half of his congregation. He also mentioned the Three Kings of the East. Based on their elaborate gifts, they were certainly shrewd operators when it came to finances. That platitude was a nod to the businessmen, bankers, and so forth in attendance. 
Let us become like the shepherds and three kings, worshippers of our Savior Jesus Christ born in Bethlehem so long ago. His conclusion created a stir in the children. Just one last hymn to endure.
As its last words faded the most anxious children exited the pews without parents and ran to the social hall next to the church. Their mothers, sisters, aunts, and grandmothers had spent the previous week baking; those goodies now filled the hall with aromas that called to the youngsters. Any who hesitated would not be able to slip some of them into pockets for the ride or walk home before stuffing cookies, brownies, and gooey pieces of walnut-studded fudge into their salivating mouths. 
Rod was the first adult to follow the children into the hall. Close on his heels was Mrs. Pierson, describing every piece of music her daughter had missed, all wonderfully played by my good friend, Annabelle Erickson. Oblivious to the treats, Rod scanned the hall for a safe harbor from her monolog. Like they say, Any old port in a storm. He hurried to Stewart Daloys side.
The Daloys hailed from Kentucky. Rumor had it that Stewarts father had been part of the Ku Klux Klan Klavern that had come across the Ohio River into Indiana and burned a farmhouse that had been part of the Underground Railroad to the ground. The story continued that the Daloys had later fled from Kentucky because of trouble with law enforcement. Since settling on a farm near Evansville, the family had led a quiet existence, which ran counter to tales of supernatural goings-on involving its males every full moon. 
Hello, Stewart. He thrust out his hand. Merry Christmas.
And Merry Christmas to you, Rod. When Rod kept glancing at Mrs. Pierson, Stewart turned to see the distraction. Avoiding your mother-in-law, eh? Cant say I blame you. Shes bent my ear more than once about the evils of the Klan.
The Klan? Everybody knows theyve dried up around here.
The two moved to the table laden with various strengths of apple cider and received cups of the strongest batch from the server.
Yes, I reckon so. Its a sign of the times. Ever since old Abe Lincoln invaded the South and freed the nigras things have all gone downhill in this once great nation of ours. The Republican Party has just about destroyed this country even though its only been around for what, thirty years, now?
Thirty-three years. It started in 1854.
Stewart smirked. The boy knows his history. Give him an A plus.
I read a lot.
Uh huh. So tell me, was Lincoln really offering to let the freed slaves go on down to South America and set them up on land after the war ended but they turned him down?
Thats the way I understand it.
Hot damn! Too bad he wasnt as good at convincing them as he was when he dragged the North into the War. He finished his cider. Tell me, you a Democrat or one of them daggum do-gooder Republicans?
Depends on what the candidate stands for. I vote on the issues, not the party.
One of those independent types? He shook his head. You all are the hardest ones to recruit.
Recruit for what? Your Democrat Party?
Thats just the start. We also got us some mighty fine organizations that support our efforts. Thats how we finally sent us a Democrat back to the White House. He raised his empty cup in a toast. Heres to President Cleveland.
Rod raised his cup halfway. Im not obligated to reveal anything to someone who likes organizations that help elect Democrats who change Reconstruction into Jim Crow laws that put the Negroes back onto a kind of plantation to keep them all in line. I know hes talking about the White League and Red Shirts. From what I heard theyre out to replace as many Republicans with Democrats as possible. Its no different here than it was in Egypt when it comes to those willing to kill for their cause. Some of those White League and Red Shirt boys are worse than the KKK ever was when it comes to vigilantism. Theyre like armies. 
To dull his senses against Stewarts worldview, Rod returned to the cider table and held out his cup for a refill. The smiling matron who wielded the ladle gladly obliged him. Sipping the hard cider every few minutes to make sure it still tasted fresh, she was feeling her special brand of Christmas cheer. Rod sampled his second cup as Stewart droned on about how the South will rise again. His speech was fueled more by his cherished beliefs than any alcohol. Rod listened patiently and was returning for a third cup to deaden his mind against the verbal onslaught when Patty hugged his arm.
Excuse me, dear, but we have to head over to Mas place. She smiled at Stewart. Im so sorry to break up your conversation, Stewart, but we have to leave now.
Stewart glanced at Mrs. Pierson, who was tapping her foot in eight-eighths time with arms folded. Of course, my dear lady. A Merry Christmas to you and yours. 
He had been on the receiving end of more than one lecture from Mrs. Pierson concerning the night of terror and destruction that the Klan had inflicted on her neighbors since childhood, the ones whose barn and house had been torched two years after the War between the States ended. When the nightriders had ridden past her bedroom window as they fled, Mrs. Pierson had thought they were ghosts.
Ghosts from hell! She had told Stewart. And thats where theyll end up unless they repent of their wickedness!
Since marrying Patty, Rod had endured marathon Christmases. Morning worship was only the beginning of his longest day each year. Next came dinner with Mrs. Pierson. The day ended with supper at home during a visit from his parents.
Mrs. Pierson still called Evansville a town even though its population was exploding from about 30,000 in 1880 to 50,000 by 1890. City or town, it contained all that her weary soul desired. Best of all, church, doctor, dentist, friends, library, and stores were all within walking distance of her boarding house. She had grown so accustomed to strolling to her every destination that she refused to make the thirty-mile roundtrip to visit Patty at the farm. All that bouncing on the road on top of a wagon or buggy is just too hard on my joints. She had explained a month after moving.
She had used the excuse so often that Patty claimed, you sound like a parrot that only knows one sentence.
Even on Christmas day Mrs. Pierson refused the luxury of a short sleigh ride. Come on, Rod. Youre going to walk home with me. Aint had a chance to talk with you yet. She turned to Patty. You and Billy meet us over at the boarding house. Since youll get there ahead of us go ahead and help Mrs. Pierson with dinner.
Rod groaned as the sleigh turned at a street corner. A similar mile-long walk with mother-in-law last Christmas had become a question and answer session. Maybe if he counted his steps he could tune her out. He had reached number forty-two before her opening remark made him lose count.
I hear youve been planting your seeds somewhere besides my old farmland.
Huh? He could not recall helping any neighbors during planting seasons, only during harvest every autumn.
Dont be bashful, son. Ive been itching for a grandchild nearby me for years now. With Pattys sister and brothers living way off in St. Louis, Chicago, and Indianapolis, I dont get to see their kids much at all. I look forward to spending what time the good Lord has left for me by enjoying the children you and Patty are having.
Children?
Land sakes, boy. You men folk may be good at making us women folk with child but after that youre not much good at all. Patty told me shes only four months along. Any fool can tell just by looking that she looks like shes eight months along. Shes carrying at least two, maybe three.
Rod stopped. Three?
Of course thats really rare. But twins run on our side of the family. Twins run on your side at all?
I think I remember Dad talking about some second cousins who are twins.
That explains it. She chuckled, the first time she ever had done so when talking to him privately.
By the time they arrived at the boardinghouse the first shift was already feasting at the dining room table. It consisted of the five other boarders. One of them kept asking about Mrs. Pierson.
Wheres the Pierson woman? Its not right to eat dinner without her, especially seeing how its Christmas and all.
We already told you three times, you dolt. Shes going to eat with kinfolks. The boarder who considered himself the head rooster of the house waved a knife at him.
Eh? The forgetful man leaned forward until the knife grazed his nose and cupped a hand behind an ear. Shes going to eat in the kitchen?
The three elderly ladies at the table carried on their own conversation, mostly about how they wished that some family member or even a distant relative would come visit for the holiday. As each finished their allotted portions of ham, sweet potatoes, green beans, a slice of bread, and piece of fruitcake, excuse me was spoken and they moved to the parlor.
The house was a large two-story Victorian with seven bedrooms. Mrs. Olson, the owner, slept in one. Any vacancies were filled within a week. Mrs. Pierson had invited Mrs. Olson to eat with her guests. After the dining room table was cleared and reset with clean china, silverware, and crystal, the second shift sat down. Billy and Rod said little. The women spoke of Pattys being with child and whether she would give birth to two boys, two girls, or one of each. Between mouthfuls, Mrs. Pierson called for bets.
How about you Roger?
Put me down for two bits on two boys. He looked up from the checkerboard in the parlor. Put knucklehead here down for four bits on two girls.
Okay.
How come theres two of them? Billy asked Rod. I dont know how to be an uncle to more than one at a time.
Rod shrugged and returned to the daze he had entered. He waited until they were in the sleigh and waving their goodbyes before seeking an escape from his fears. Its not really twins. Your mom is just putting me on, right?
I dont know. But shes always right about such things.
He guided the horses into a slow trot. Well, I guess that kills my idea of going back to newspapering someday for good. With two kids, Ill have to stick to farming just to feed them.
Lets stop off at the Couriers office. Just to say hello.
Its Christmas. There wont be anyone there.
Tom told me to have you stop by.
The newspaper was only three blocks out of the way so he agreed. A cantankerous editor who had hounded Rod about coming to work for the newspaper since he had returned from Egypt, Tom had had his offers rejected with the excuse that Rod would have to spend at least four hours traveling to and from work six days a week and even longer if the roads were snowy or muddy. The editors greeting as they entered the front office made Rod think that he, too, had heard about Mrs. Piersons prediction of twins.
Thats quite a woman you got there, Rod.
So you already heard?
Huh? I was talking about the press. Patty sure knows how to drive a hard bargain.
Press? Rods eyes darted at those who knew more than he. Patty blushed.
Merry Christmas, Rod.
Huh? You already said that at home.
Billy grabbed his arm and tugged him. Shes talking about your real present. All the ones for you under the tree back home are just wrapped up empty boxes to fool you! Let me show you your present!
Rod followed Billy by the tightly spaced desks of the newsroom into the back of the building and the pressroom. In a corner sat an object covered by a tarp.
Its so big we couldnt wrap it up! Billy yanked on the tarp to reveal a small printing press that had been retired years earlier.
It hasnt been used since we went to our modern press. Tom pointed at its replacement. 
Rod sat on a crate. What am I going to do with a printing press?
Print your own paper, dear. Patty walked over and kissed his cheek.
Look, Im a farmer with two kids on the way and
Twins? Tom slapped his knee. I was thinking you looked awful big. He pointed at Pattys womb. Thatll make a good story for the Courier. Dont get many twin baby announcements. Pretty rare.
Youre a writer, Rod. I read some of your writing in your notebook.
Okay. I know I can write. But writers dont need printing presses. Its like old Clancey up in Chicago once told me, a writer only needs three things: notebook, good sources, and a bottle to calm your nerves so you can meet deadlines. So far, Ive only needed a notebook and good sources. If I try to be a publisher and editor, Im going to need more than one bottle!
I talked it over with Tom. He said that since we live fifteen miles from town you wont be competing with the Courier much at all. He said your writing will make it successful.
Oh, no. You think I can be the reporter, editor, and publisher all rolled into one?
Dont forget ad seller. Without the ad revenue, you wont make it. Tom winked. Its still done by one person in towns and small cities all over the West, boy. No reason you couldnt do it, too.
But the farm needs me.
Meet your new hired hand, boss. Billy stuck out his hand.
What?
Patty says I can live at your house and eat all I want if I work real, real hard for you.
But you were just staying with us for Christmas and New Years.
Billy shoved his hands into his pockets and stuck out his lower lip. Youre just like Dad! You dont want me around either!
No, Billy. I just didnt know about any of this.
Then I can stay? Yahoo! He ran over to Patty. His hug lifted her off of her feet. Your plan worked out just like you said it would! Im going outside and tell Chester and Millie its going to be me feeding and taking care of them from now on.
Rod inspected the press. Its too big. It would never fit into the house.
Sure it will. We can set it up in the back parlor. I can move my things on out into the front parlor to make room.
He turned to Tom. I cant believe the Courier would let someone set up a paper right next door by selling them this.
Like I said to Patty, youre far enough away that it wont matter. Besides, with thousands of people moving to Evansville our circulation just keeps on growing. Since youll still be working your farm youll only be able to publish a small paper.
He touched the press. A faint smile buried Rods dour expression. So what do we call it?
Billy and me already came up a name for you, Patty said. The Tri-State Herald.
Rod cocked his head
Since your paper will be read by folks in Indiana, Kentucky, and Illinois, thats three states, right?
Three states?
Were just a stones throw from Kentucky and Illinois. After you print up the papers Ill drop them off at the post office over at Darmstadt when I go do my shopping.
Did you mortgage the farm to buy it? We shouldve talked this out.
No, silly. Me, Billy, Tom, Ma, and your folks all went in together to give it to you.
You too? Rod pointed at Tom. Thank you.
Like I said, Rod. She talked the owner down to where she got a steal. She even got him to agree to deliver it. Itll be at your place the day after tomorrow.
Rod spent the rest of Christmas Day imagining how running every phase of a newspaper would feel. To his surprise, his parents were supportive of the venture. Because it meant that Billy could have a greater measure of independence, William was especially happy. 
Billy insisted that Rod unwrap every empty box with his name that had been placed by the tree. As Rod opened each one the boy-man guffawed in delight.


10
For hes a jolly good fellow
For hes a jolly good fellow
For hes a jolly good fellow
So say all of us
Three cheers for the birthday boy! Hup, Hup, Huzzah! Hup, Hup, Huzzah! Hup, Hup, Huzzah!
The cluster of men stopped their singing and cheers and shuffled toward the birthday cake. Most of them wore the standard issued hospital garb covered by a robe. Those who considered themselves the most healed wore their uniforms, as though they expected to be off for their duty posts immediately after the party. The center of their celebration was Sgt. Benjamin Worthington. Today he turned twenty-eight.
Thank you, fellows.
Well, dont just sit there, Bennie. Cut the blasted cake. Its not every day we get goodies such as that.
A new round of cheers caused Roni to cover his ears. He rolled off of his mattress, which was squeezed under Benjamins hospital bed, and pushed his way to his best friends side. His delivery of Benjamin to the brigade surgeon in a state the doctor had described as more dead than alive had resulted in his honorary membership in the British Army. Someone had donated a small white helmet that he proudly wore whenever outside. Their time in hospital had lengthened due to an infection in the repaired artery of Benjamins leg.
As Benjamin carefully cut the cake to ensure a piece for all assembled, including the doctors and nurses, Roni delivered them. He then plopped himself onto the lap of his favorite nurse.
Youre a ladies man, already, Roni, she said.
Still weak from his infection, Benjamin retreated to his bed with his piece of cake. His surgeon joined him.
As a matter of interest have you thought at all about what we have discussed?
Benjamin placed the plate with his half-eaten piece of cake on his pillow.
Im sorry, sir. My thoughts have been on Roni as of late. Whenever he brings up my eventual leaving India he starts crying and hanging onto my neck begging me to never leave him. Since he saved my life, I owe him something or other, right?
Im afraid none of that can be helped. I serve Her Majestys Army and its men who find their way into my care. Since you happen to be one of them Im obligated to you, not the boy. Your staying on here in India will serve no purpose save that of being the death of you. You need a much cooler clime in which to recuperate fully, say something such as a locale by the sea farther north of the equator than here.
Benjamin stared at the long scar that ran along his left thigh. Pus oozed from parts of it, which kept the flies happy.
Looks good as new to me.
Sergeant, like it or not, Ive put in the paperwork for you to spend the remainder of your enlistment in Hong Kong. Everythings better there, the climate, the food, the duties, the women. No more horseback riding or marching for you for several years at least.
The women? Me with a slant-eyed coolie or whatever it is they call them? Not on your life.
They are not all that bad, regardless of what you may have been told. I married one. He pulled a photo from his pocket.
Benjamin gulped. I beg your pardon, sir. No offense meant. The wifes smile made him blink. Do all of them smile like the Mona Lisa?
Only when they want something or other. No offense taken. Time to get down to brass tacks since I must be off on my rounds shortly. When you were taking the morphine for the pain from your surgeries you talked on and on about someone by the name of Adalet.
Damn! She danced in his mind yet another time.
Its all right. Most who receive morphine ramble on about something or other. Its quite normal. But, being the curious fellow that I am, I naturally inquired of Roni as to who this Adalet might be. He told me of the whole story, at least the parts he knows of. Look here, now. He reached out and turned Benjamins face toward his. Ive met enough men in my fifty-nine years and service on three continents for the British Empire to know that there are men few and far between who have been given a certain sort of grace from God to remain a bachelor all their days. I know you are definitely not one of those, especially after hearing your discourses on Adalet. But if you cant find at least one Chinese woman to your liking there is no hope left for you.
***

Ronis family hosted a celebration for his homecoming. During his absence, another sister had been born. She sat in his lap to bask in the attention being given to her big brother. Benjamin brought two chickens that Ronis mother transformed into the main course of a feast that included rice and three vegetable curries. As the party ended the two friends said their goodbyes with tears. Roni vowed to grow into a man like you and to come visit him in England someday.

The steamship that carried Benjamin to Hong Kong stopped off in Perth, Australia for a day for fuel, water, and more passengers. He went ashore to visit what had started as a penal colony but grown into an island continent for farmers, sheepherders, adventurers, gold miners, and others seeking a frontier to conquer. He found his way to a bar and ordered a pint of ale. Before he swallowed his first taste of it a grizzled man joined him.
Okay if I join your table, mate?
Go ahead. Its a free country, right? At least for mad dogs and Englishmen.
He grinned. Well, yes and no. Australia used to be just a big prison for the likes of me.
Benjamin studied the gentle looking man of fifty-nine. You?
Aye. I was a thief who got sent here from London as a young man in chains. He touched his wrists, which bore faint scars of the heavy iron shackles that had rubbed skin raw decades earlier.
So why didnt you go back home after your sentence was done with? Dont you miss the land of your birth enough to return?
He shook his head. Sometimes. But Id have only returned to a life of crime if I had. Best for the likes of me to stay on where theres lots of land to spread out on. Less chance of me going rotten again. Hows about you, mate? You here to stay a while?
Just passing through on my way to Hong Kong.
So how much longer does the English Army have its hooks in you for? He pointed at his uniform.
Four more years and my twelve years are up. Im not certain as yet what do after that. I can re-enlist or call it a day for serving the British Empire everywhere they end up sending me off to.
He stroked the stubble on his chin. I can use such as you. Its too hard prospecting on your own.
Youre a digger of gold?
Aye. Theyve found nuggets the size of a man in Australia, they have. Im certain theres much more of it to be had. The latest finds were just last year east of here. So far theyve only found small amounts deposited in alluvial soil but that can only mean the main deposits have yet to be discovered.
But I dont know the first thing about hunting down gold.
Id teach you in exchange for your shooting skills. Youd come along to protect me against those that hunt for successful prospectors to pinch their gold. He finished his beer. Look me up when your enlistment is up. Ask for Johnny Brisbane at the hotel across the street. If Im not there Im out in the goldfields. But I always stay at that hotel when I come back for a break after I find enough gold to live on for a time.
***

The last twenty years of the Nineteenth Century were the peak of colonialism in Asia. Nowhere was this more apparent than in Hong Kong. For centuries, the Manchus Qing Dynasty had kept foreigners from gaining much influence in China. Only the island of Hong Kong and parts of the nearby mainland had been ceded to Britain after military conflicts. Portugal held Macau. 
A friendly crewmember took Benjamin to the ships highest vantage point and shifted the passengers spyglass as the boat pulled into the harbor surrounding Hong Kong. Way over there is Canton. Foreigners run most of the factories there.
In and around Hong Kong an English colony thrived that manifested all things British, perhaps better than any other. Behind the faade lay a bitter history. In the 1840s and 1850s China and Britain had fought two Opium Wars because China had banned the importation of the drug. The British East India Company used the English victories to establish the export of opium and cotton from India; vegetables and fruits from Southeast Asia; and clocks, watches, silver, and music boxes from England to China in trade for teas, silk, spices, leather, and bamboo. After 1880 England reversed course and tried to stop opium use in China. But by then the Chinese had begun to grow poppy fields. By 1906 China would be producing eighty-five percent of the worlds opium.
Benjamin was vaguely aware of the history of the colony that became his new home. He understood that few British enlisted soldiers were needed because the bulk of the English force was British officers commanding Gurkha troops. From Nepal, the Gurkhas were fierce fighters and had earned a legendary status. An English officer had defined them: If a man says he is not afraid of dying, he is either lying or is a Gurkha. They were stationed on the borders of the Hong Kong Colony in case the rulers in Peking decided they wanted to reclaim the territory.
Although China did not have the rigid caste system that Benjamin had seen in India he immediately noticed a stratified society as he stepped ashore in Hong Kong. Junks, sampans, and other vessels filled the waters. On these boats family members fished, cooked, ate, slept, were born and died. Most of the colony was made up of Chinese peasants who had fled from the inland regions in hopes of a better existence, one hard to come by. Employers often abused Chinese female maidservants. Other Chinese toiled in Cantons factories, ran businesses around Hong Kong, pulled rickshaws, or unloaded and loaded the constantly changing fleet of ships. Those vessels carried off over a third of Chinas exports and brought in almost half of its imports.
Benjamin had barely retrieved his luggage from the docks when a British missionary thrust a broadside into his hand that asked for his support of her work among the Chinese.
Please do what you can, sir.
He turned to question her but she had already blended into the throng that had disembarked from the steamship. The one assigned to meet Benjamin laughed as he struggled to hang onto the paper and his two bags. I see they already have hit up on you for a donation. No doubt they want paper currency and not coins. Blasted do-gooders. Seems that missionaries have set up shop here from every European nation and America as well. Let me give you a hand with one of those. He grabbed the smaller of Benjamins suitcases. The names Sgt. Tommy Lancanshire.
Benjamin Worthington, mate.
Mate? Let me guess. You stopped off in Australia.
Right enough. Any chance of picking up a pint before I report in?
A man after my own heart! Quickstep, march! Follow me! He whistled at a line of rickshaw drivers who waited along the street closest to the dock. The first two in line strutted over to him. One suitcase and passenger per rickshaw, Ben. Meet you at the pub.
After a mile of jostling in their seats, the two sergeants got off at a dilapidated row of buildings. Tommy led the way into the smallest one of them. 
Set up two, Chang.
Tommy grabbed the two glasses from the bar and settled into the booth that he used to run his off-duty empire. Thank you, Chang. This heres Ben Worthington. I want you take care of him like you do for me.
Chang bowed until his head almost touched a bottle atop the bar.
Doesnt say a whole lot. Are they all like that?
He doesnt have to. Hes a Red Pole.
Whats that?
An enforcer for the Triad. Its a secret society. Theyre outlaws in the eyes of the British and the Manchu rulers both. From what Chang told me it was a group of monks that started up the first group of Triads to overthrow the Manchu rulers in Peking a couple hundred years back.
Not a very successful bunch.
Depends on how you count success. They control the gambling, prostitutes, and smuggling. Some of them are pirates.
Nasty lot.
Not always. You need something done; theyre the ones who run the show, unofficially, that is. They are not to be messed with. They use something they call Kung Fu to fight. Itll take you down before you can blink. He continued to describe how the Manchus had breached the Great Wall and established power in Peking in 1644 as the Qing Dynasty, which had ruled ever since uninterrupted. Supposedly, the Triads number one goal was to restore the Ming Dynasty. Secret passwords and hand signals, vows, and rituals such as mingling and drinking new members blood cemented the ties within the secret society.
Think of them as a Chinese version of the Freemasons, he said. Only these blokes are a tad more serious about taking care of business and changing the order of things. The Masons are a lot of pantywaists by way of comparison.
His introduction to Hong Kongs underworld complete, Benjamin followed Tommy to the waiting rickshaws. A ten-minute ride brought them to their barracks. Benjamin was pleased that his room was larger than any had been for him in India and that it did not adjoin an open bay of cots.
Im not in charge of a platoon then?
Not on your life. The Gurkhas have their own sergeants. You and me are supply sergeants. He winked. Easy duty. A piece of cake.
He was even more surprised to find his commanding officers desk vacant. Out on inspections is he?
Nothing of the sort. Todays Tuesday. Hes off at the cricket match, which is just as well. Thatll give me time to show you the ropes.
Tommy introduced him to a nearby warehouse stocked with everything from food rations to ammunition to mattresses. He explained how to inventory the stock, order supplies, and the paperwork required for anything to leave the warehouse, all of which lasted twenty minutes. Asked if he had any questions, Benjamin wrinkled his nose.
Just one. Dont you get bored?
Tommy laughed. I used to but I got used to it. Its better than getting shot up. He lifted his sleeve to reveal a scar on his forearm. Caught that bullet during the Egyptian Campaign. I see from your medals you were there also. You hit at all?
Benjamin detailed his wounds from Egypt and India and pulled up his jacket and shirt and pants leg to show their scars when Tommy asked to see them. 
Your wounds are quite a bit nastier than mine. This is right proper duty for such as us, if you ask me. Itll give you time to ponder whether to sign on for twelve more years and other mysteries of the universe. He winked.
They spent the rest of the afternoon trekking about the island in search of Captain Jeremy Blighton. By the time they reached the cricket field the match had ended. So they checked the Jockey Club and the Victorian Regatta Club, favorite haunts of the captain. Discouraged, they returned to the barracks and a waiting commanding officer.
I say, where have you been, Sgt. Lancanshire? When I returned it looked as if the warehouse had been deserted. Whos that there with you?
This is the new man, sir. Sgt. Benjamin Worthington.
He returned Benjamins salute. Jolly good, Im sure. Ive had an awful earful listening to Sgt. Lancanshire go on and on about how he requires a helper. Simply awful tommyrot. I do hope you find supply work to your liking.
Yes, sir. He has already shown me his system of maintaining order.
Quite? Carry on then. He flapped his left hand to dismiss them.
His first days in Hong Kong of adapting to his third military culture amused Benjamin. Regulations might have been universal for the English Army across the far-flung Empire. How they were enforced was another matter. Captain Blighton proved to be even more of a hands-off commander than Captain Townsman in the wilds of India had been. It was not that Captain Blighton did not care; he simply had so little time to be bothered with all of your tommyrot. 
His social schedule would not allow interruptions. Besides cricket, there were polo matches at the sporting green, horse races at the tracks, and water sports at the regatta club. If no guests were present he shared his daily afternoon tea with his sergeants. Some officers considered such fraternizing as improper but gregarious Capt. Blighton required company.
So how are your first impressions of Hong Kong, then Sergeant? To your liking, I dare say? He asked during Benjamins third week on the island.
Much different than what Id expected. Things seem so English even though were halfway around the world from home.
As they should be. Though on occasion I find it difficult to grasp the Chinese antipathy toward us and their rulers in Peking. You dont bite the hand that feeds you. Its as though they expect us to retire from here. But this is one colony we shall never give up. He stared at the flag that he served. Just dont go native like Tommy has.
To Queen Victoria. Tommy lifted his cup of tea in a toast. The others responded.
Captain Blighton called for his servant to clear the tea service and excused himself. I must knock off a bit early, men. My wife is hosting yet another one of her many dinners. Shes taken to putting on at least two weekly.
The sergeants returned to the warehouse and filled a last order. With nothing left for them to do, they checked that its windows and doors were locked and left.
Apparently I have been somewhat remiss, Ben.
Hows that?
Youve been here going on four weeks and I have yet to invite you for a meal. Will you dine with me?
Of course.
They walked across the eastern end of the island, which included the barracks, parade grounds, sporting fields, racetracks, churches, and other reminders of who ran the colony. Coolies balanced bamboo poles on their shoulders that held bundles weighing as much as they did. Groups of five or more of them strained at ropes connected to wagons filled with tons of goods being delivered from the docks. Benjamin thought they looked like two-legged beasts of burden. The ornate European styled buildings that were terraced into the mountains gradually gave way to simple structures.
This is where East meets West, Tommy said.
The street they turned onto resembled a narrow canyon, little more than ten feet wide at the bottom. The walls of the three and four story buildings were festooned with perpendicular signs of Chinese characters and banners hung across the chasm. The throng of people parted at the sight of the two foreigners. Their stares displayed varying expressions of surprise, hatred, anger, or begrudging acceptance of the white men in their midst. When a young boy tried to peddle some tea to them from the pot he carried an old woman shooed him away.
On Hong Kongs west end were the crowded tenements, shops, and food markets of the Chinese. Some of the merchants called from the doorways of their establishments, advertising the ivory and jade artifacts, silk garments, or materials that waited to be sewn into custom tailor-made dresses or suits. The smells of the markets, especially the fish, eels, and fowl in various states of decay, nauseated Benjamin. Incense from temples and smoke from opium dens only slightly masked what offended his nose.
Most of the men they passed had shaved heads except for a long pigtail adorning their backs. Some were bare-chested. Clothes worn by man, woman, and child were loose fitting with the more prosperous in garments embroidered with elaborate designs, the poorer, in simple white or black pants and shirts or blouses that reminded Benjamin of pajamas. Broad brimmed conical hats stretched past shoulders. 
I finally understand why so many of them live on boats, Benjamin said. Its much too crowded here on land. 
Tommys flat was small, only three times the size of Benjamins room at the barracks. A beautiful five-foot tall woman greeted them as they entered it, her smile and bow welcoming the unexpected visitor.
This here is my wife Sunia.
You want yum cha?
Yes. Tommy motioned for Benjamin to sit at the tiny table.
Pleased to meet you. Benjamin tried to bow but could not. He turned to Tommy. Yum cha?
Its their way of saying, drinking tea. Their equivalent of our tea time.
Oh. Benjamin watched as she filled the small ornate porcelain cups.
After Tommys cup was full he tapped the table with bent fingers of his right hand. Thats what they call finger kowtow, he said. Its a way of thanking the one pouring the tea.
That he was capable of. Benjamin copied the gesture. Sunia bowed in response. A moment later she returned with a plate stacked with what appeared to be buns. The steam rising from them gave off an odd smell unlike bread, Benjamin thought.
Those are dim sum. Tommy grabbed one and tossed it to his guest. Take a bite.
Hungry after their long walk, Benjamin obeyed. The taste of pork surprised him. His examination of the filling humored Tommy.
They fill them full of chicken, vegetables, pork, or beef. You like it?
Mmm, was all he could mumble through his stuffed mouth.
When only one bun remained Sunia delivered a bowl of what appeared to be porridge. Tommy passed a toothpick holder to Benjamin.
Pick out any of the dim sum left between your teeth sos it wont ruin the flavor of the congee.
What is it, porridge?
Rice cooked down till its mush. They flavor it with fish and barley. Quite tasty.
Still ravenous, he downed two bowlfuls. As Sunia cleared away the empty bowls he realized she had not eaten a morsel.
What about your wife?
Shell eat now. Its her tradition to feed any guests first off. He stood. Come along. Lets go and sit by the window. Ive got a view from there.
The flat was on the top floor of the four-story building, which allowed a view of Victoria Peak, the islands highest point. Tommy filled his favorite pipe and lit it as he settled into one of the two chairs next to the window. He rested his aching bare feet on the windowsill and let the breeze massage them.
I had no idea you were married. I thought you were taking me to a tea house but I began to wonder after we passed by at least a dozen or more of them.
He blew rings of smoke through the open window and watched the wind carry them away. Wheres my manners gone off to? Ive got an extra pipe if you want a smoke.
No, thanks.
I sort of keep my marriage quiet, you see. Too many English look down their stuffy noses on the Chinese as yellow-skinned heathens. I was waiting to see how anti-Chinese you are before I told you.
Oh. 
Of course I had to get the Captains permission to marry on the strength because I was still a ranker at the time. He gave it grudgingly. Thought Id desert or something if he didnt. We lived in a room at the married quarters at the barracks for a while but Sunia did not care for it. So she found us this flat. That is why I need to run my outside business while off duty. Costs quite a lot to live here.
Tell me, why do the Chinese hate us so? I felt none too safe walking some of those streets. He pointed out the window.
Aint that the way most places where colonies get set up? Here its a bit trickier. Most of the natives want to put an end to the Manchu rulers, especially the Triad. They see us as an evil influence on China, just as bad or worse than the Manchus. They especially dislike the missionaries and tai-pans.
Tai-pans?
Theyre the foreign businessmen here. They all hang out at the Hong Kong Club to make their deals and drink.
And I thought India was bad. At least there we ran things.
Not so here. Here we are just foreign devils. Any Chinese who are Christian are called secondary foreign devils.
After the meal had renewed their strength, Tommy walked with Benjamin far enough out of the western side of the island until he felt safe. Tommy returned home; Benjamin went toward the barracks. One of the first white faces he saw looked familiar. 
So youve come to see our work finally? She grabbed his shirtsleeve and pulled him toward an open door of a large two-story building.
Have we met before?
You forgot me already? I handed you a broadside a few weeks back. Did you read it?
Parts of it. He extended his hand. Im Sgt. Benjamin Worthington.
Nancy Foxworth. She curtsied.
Whats it mean? He pointed at the Chinese characters that hung above the door he was being pulled through.
Po Leung Kuk. We work hand in hand with them.
For an hour, Miss Foxworth showed him the workings of the mission. She said she was rather upset that Protestant missionaries such as she had only converted about 30,000 Chinese while the Catholic missionaries had almost a half million converts. But with about 200 new Protestant missionaries arriving each year she expected great things, even if most of them were American and not British.
Were pushing further into the interior all the time. We have no choice but to go there to help them.
I hope my nod is sufficient. I have never seen such a zealot. Next, shell be preaching a sermon at me.
Our work here is connected with the Society for the Protection of Women and Children. We rescue kidnap victims and protect the women and children from slavery and prostitution.
Looks like you have your hands full.
That we do. At the end of the tour and lecture, she left him with a warning. Watch your step with the one who met you at the dock.
Tommy?
Hes the one. Hes known for hanging about with the likes of the Triad. Theyre the ones who kidnap and smuggle the women and children about. Theyre the devils disciples in the flesh.

Conditions worsened during the next two years. In 1889 epidemics of cholera and plague broke out in southern China and began to reappear annually. Although Englands official policy for a decade had been against opium use in China, the addiction continued to spread uncontrolled. Alarmed missionaries met in 1890 at the Shanghai Missionary Conference. After much discussion the attendees formed the Permanent Committee for the Promotion of Anti-Opium Societies. Nancy helped to found one of the first Anti-Opium Societies in Hong Kong. 
Benjamin visited her occasionally with gifts for the children at her mission.
I tell you, were going to finally remedy the opium problem once for all, she said. We have to atone for our importing it here.
Maybe youll have better luck than our government has. First we fight two wars to make the Chinese take our opium from India. Then forty years later we reverse policy. Makes no sense at all.
The needs are great, Benjamin. The fields are ripe for harvest. She pointed toward the mainland.
Benjamin had yet to understand her. He admired her sacrifice for the Chinese people but could not fully endorse it. In time, the two came to an agreement of sorts. He served in Queen Victorias army in defense of the realm. Nancy served in the Lords army. They both hoped those two armies never went to war. Tommy viewed Benjamins time spent at the mission with suspicion.
You do know where those women that the mission take in end up?
No.
They end up as concubines or servants for the rich Chinese here in Hong Kong.
Go on. Youre only saying what the Triad says. Nancy told me all about the lies they spread about.
Try as he might, Tommy could not drive a wedge between soldier and missionary. He was especially miffed when Benjamin turned down his invitations to his flat to instead visit Nancy. Benjamin dismissed his anger as a sign that he had been in Hong Kong far too long.
Your hurt feelings only tell me that youve become more like the Chinese than the Englishman you used to be. The captain is right. Youve gone native.
Tommy responded with his favorite curse, learned from his father-in-law. May you live in interesting times.
As you say.
The final straw came when Tommy learned of Benjamins plans to accompany Nancy to the border of the colony. Youre going off with her where?
Inland as far as our territory extends. The captain wont allow me travel any farther because he says its too dangerous.
Right you are. Shes a fool if she goes any farther on than that.
But Benjamins heart had led him from admiration to friendship to love for Nancy. As soon as his enlistment ended he planned to propose to her. He hoped that by then she would consider her enlistment in the army of the Lord at an end also because he feared for her safety. Missionaries continued expansion inland was viewed with the same kind of suspicion directed at the hundreds of foreign companies. For many Chinese the only question was which foreign devil is harming China more, the tai-pan or missionary?
All of that was not even a consideration for such as Nancy. Her Lord had commanded her to make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey all that I commanded you. What better nation than China, what better time than the present? And what better way than by visiting inland missions that had been sent from England by the same board that had sent her?
The wagon she was taking along creaked so much that Benjamin joked it would sink the ferry before they reached Kowloon. Once ashore, he walked alongside the wagon with her as the Chinese driver urged the horse toward the border.
Arent you transporting a bit much?
Nancy patted the boxes. These are important supplies for the work, Ben. Her eyes sparkled. Even some toys for the children.
As much as youre taking, itll be like Christmas in summer for them.
Thats the spirit. Youre a trooper. Im sorry to have bothered you about accompanying us but theres been reports of bandits prowling about.
No bother. Im just a form filler at the warehouse. Tommy can do without me for a couple of days.
As they pushed on through the occasional village, groups of old men and small children ran after the wagon. Some of them shouted in Chinese.
Theyre saying something about the horse, Nancy said. She asked the driver for a complete translation.
They tell horse to drop his dung. They use it for fires and fertilizer.
No wonder the roads so clean. Benjamin laughed. Much cleaner than when I was in London last.
They spent the night at a small mission close to the border. After Nancy gave the missionaries there a third of what the wagon contained, she updated them on her work with opium addicts. Their hosts spoke of the battle to convey the Gospel in a way that the peasants could grasp it. The following morning Benjamin said his farewell to the one who took his heart with her.
Thats a Gurkha outpost ahead. The distinct uniforms worn by the small-statured Nepalese came into view. This is where I turn back. Nancy His voice cracked.
Yes. You look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
Benjamin tried to propose but could not. So he embraced her instead. Her slender body tensed, then relaxed.
Come back to me in one piece Nancy Foxworth. I cant live without you.
Her cheeks were crimson as she stepped back. Well, why fret yourself so? Of course Ill be back. For a moment there I was thinking you were going to ask me to marry you. She turned and walked to the Gurkhas. See you in five months, Sgt. Worthington. Behave yourself in my absence. Especially while in the presence of that mischief-maker Tommy. Hes full of the devil, that one.
***

God save our gracious Queen
Long live our noble Queen
God save the Queen
Send her victorious
Happy and glorious
Long to reign over us God save the Queen

O Lord, Our God arise
Scatter her enemies
And make them fall
Confound their politics
Frustrate their knavish tricks
On Thee our hopes we fix
God save us all

Thy choicest gifts in store
On her be pleased to pour
Long may she reign
May she defend our laws
And ever give us cause
To sing with heart and voice
God save the Queen
Captain Blightons tenor voice rang louder than Tommys, Benjamins, and every other trooper assembled on the thick grass of the parade field. Communities back in England had their village green; the far-flung British Army had their parade grounds. Tradition, the sort that always brought a tear to Blightons eye. His voice cracked during the final verse. Companies used for enforcement of colonial rule and possible combat were large. Administrative companies such as his processed paper. Early on, Blightons superiors had noted his flair for all things bureaucratic. As a result, he was midway through a career of manning desks. Composing himself, he executed an about turn to face his small company.
And a Happy Christmas and Boxing Day as well, he said. May your celebrations be merry but not violent for each one of you. Dismissed.
The company broke up and mingled with troops from the other units. Plans were made on where to carry on the holiday cheer. The officers would gather at one of the clubs reserved for them. Many of the enlisted would opt for their favorite restaurant, bar, or brothel. The most dissolute slinked away to the back alleys of Hong Kong for a two-day binge in an opium den. 
Benjamin wanted none of that but only to carry gifts to some of the missions children. He hoped that reports of his regular helping out there would impress Nancy when she returned next week from her sojourn through Chinas interior. Such good impressions were necessary to convince her that she was meant to be his wife. This time he would find the right words.
Slow down, Bennie. Tommy trotted to his side. You act as if youre off to fight the Empires latest war.
He stiffened. Nothing of the sort. Just taking advantage of our time off is all. Happy Christmas.
I suppose you dont remember my invitation. Ill put money on it that you dont.
He smacked his hand on his forehead. Thats right. I did forget.
Lets be off then. Cant keep the missus waiting. Besides, youve been carrying on way too much over at the mission.
Why did I agree to his dinner? Maybe I can duck out early.
Benjamin had visited Tommys small flat a dozen times. All of the meals, tea times, and conversations had left him indebted to Tommy. This made him uneasy because he had no way of repaying his hospitality. Taking him out for an occasional drink did not seem adequate and going to a restaurant was out of the question. Sunias cooking and baking surpassed that of every eatery Benjamin had visited.
Yet, he did not trust Tommy. At times it seemed as though his fellow sergeant was slyly waiting to spring some sort of trap on him. Benjamin wondered if this would be the day the other shoe would finally drop. He thought Tommy was the spider and he the fly.
Oh, did I mention that a few of Sunias family will be along as well?
Oh?
Quite. On occasion we all join together. Nothing fancy, mind you. Just the in-laws meeting with the outlaw, which is me. He chuckled.
They took a different way each time to Tommys place. This made Benjamin wonder if they were being followed. No matter their route, Tommy always acted as tour guide, pointing out which businesses were acceptable and those to avoid. Thats a poorly run brothel over there.
What do you possibly find so interesting with this place?
Hows that again? I thought you were keen on Hong Kong.
You act more Chinese than the Chinese, the way you go on and on about Hong Kong being the greatest place for a soldier to be posted.
It beats India. Look what happened to Peachey Carnehan and Daniel Dravot.
Benjamin stopped. You opened and read my Christmas present for you already? Its only Christmas Eve, man.
Tommy held up his hands. Guilty as charged, governor. But you wouldnt be getting yourself much of a bargain if I went and stuck Mr. Kiplings collection of short stories on the shelf, would you? Besides, when I saw that one of them had the title The Man Who Would Be King I just could not resist.
He started walking. I guess I should be glad you read it. How did you find it?
It was like reading yours and my life stories. Of course Im Daniel and youre Peachy. Only instead of being the king of Kafiristan, Im the king of Hong Kong.
What?
Well, not quite just yet. I still need to bring my right hand man, thats you of course, into the family. With you on board, therell be no stopping us. Especially since youll be free of your enlistment soon. Then you can devote yourself full-time to the family business.
The export company run by Tommys father-in-law had grown from a constant topic to a thorn in Benjamins side. For months, Tommy had pestered him about serving as its vice president once he became a civilian. He had yet to meet Tommys father-in-law but now knew the true purpose of the meal. Dim sum might be the appetizer and chow mien the main course but he would be the center of attention. With Tommy acting as translator there was no way to know how much deception would come his way.
To stave off Tommys relentless offer, Benjamin had agreed to set up and run the companys office in England because he had no desire to remain in Hong Kong. His plans called for a successful proposal to Nancy, a wedding in Hong Kong, and a long honeymoon on the boat back to England. Then he could open shop in London.
Though he knew only a few of the Chineses phrases, Benjamin had adopted their gestures and bowed as the introductions to Sunias family were made: Zhu-ting Chen, father; Ai-li, mother; and Mai, youngest sister. Mais beauty rivaled Sunias so Benjamin had to keep repeating his plans with Nancy in his mind. But his eyes kept returning to her while she gazed at the floor throughout dinner. Tommys continual jabbering in Cantonese and gestures toward him told Benjamin that the singsong questions of Zhu-ting all concerned him.
Im like a specimen under a microscope.
Only after Sunias family left did Tommy give his version of the hours-long discussion. Well, you passed muster, Bennie boy. Hed be glad to take you on as vice president in charge of our London office.
Really? As long as he jabbered with you I was beginning to think he wanted to adopt me as his son. It gave me the willies the way you two kept pointing and nodding at me and all the while I had not the faintest sense of what either of you were saying.
Tommy stuck his hands in his best silk jackets pockets, worn to impress Sunias family. Funny you should say that. Id say it was pure serendipity because he wants you as his son-in-law.
What?
You know, you and Mai. Husband and wife. Isnt she a beauty?
Youve gone daft!
But thats the way they do business here. To make sure youll turn out as a number one vice president he wants you to be his number two son-in-law first. Of course, Im number one. Welcome to the family. The best part is we dont need the Captains permission since youre a sergeant and all. He held out his hand.
Benjamin stared at it and then Tommys face for the impish grin that always betrayed his pranks but there was none. You know Im to marry Nancy, notnotwhats her name.
Mai, remember? Shes the last of his daughters to be married off. He sat down and motioned for Benjamin to do the same. Mr. and Mrs. Chen have no sons. Not a one, which is very bad fortune here in China. Because its always the sons who take care of the parents when they get on in age. Zhu-ting is merely lining up all his ducks in a row by having you and me as his son-in-laws to take care of them right proper like.
You are bonkers!
I am merely ensuring your wedded bliss. Besides, Nancy will never have the likes of you. Her type sees the world in black and white. Its lads such as us that see it for what it truly is, many different shades of gray.
But I dont love Mai, much less know her. Look, I agreed to run your bloody office for you in London, thats all!
Theres no turning back now. Zhu-ting sees the world in black and white as well. Its all or nothing with him. If you turn down his daughter, he loses face. Hell have nothing to do with you after that. If he gets offended enough he might just hire a Triad to toss you about.
After an argument that increased steadily in volume, Benjamin left. For the first time he did not ask Tommy to accompany him out of the alleyways of Hong Kong. After the holidays ended they returned to work. If Benjamin sensed any conversation was shifting to the arranged marriage he walked outside for a breath of fresh air. Soon Tommy dropped the subject and decided on a different strategy.
So when do you pop the question to Nancy?
You probably want to sabotage it so you shall learn of not one detail.
For the first time in their four-year friendship, Tommy looked pained by his words. Im only trying to spare you pain, Benny. You two are like oil and water, by no means a match.
Well see about that.
He arranged to take Nancy to lunch at his favorite restaurant the following day. Afterward they would take the train from the Central District to Victoria Peak, which he thought to be a romantic enough spot because a fellow soldier had successfully proposed there the month before. Nancy and her fellow missionaries clung to the tradition of having a chaperone present during such outings. He prayed it would not be Mrs. Wilberhouse, a chaperone known to have put the damper on more than one suitors ardor.
The meal consisted of Nancy detailing her journey through the interior, down to the number converted so far at the missions. Benjamin nodded in response. Wielding a sharp eye, Mrs. Wiggins sensed his intentions and mercifully decided to give him a sporting chance, just as the chaperone overseeing her eventual husbands courtship of her had even though Mrs. Wiggins later on had derailed other ardent suitors by asking pointed questions during her thirty-seven years of acting as chaperone for numerous young ladies. Besides, Benjamin had passed her initial investigation. Unknown to the others, she had questioned Captain Blighton at length upon learning of her next duty as a chaperone. His answers about Benjamin had satisfied her.
When they arrived at Victoria Peak she excused herself by saying she needed a short walk to better digest her meal. Finally alone with Nancy, Benjamin came to the point as best he could.
You know how much I truly like you, Miss Foxworth?
Miss Foxworth is it, now? Why so formal all of a sudden, Ben?
Becausebecause I love you and want you for my wife. Will you marry me?
Her grip tightened on the binoculars she was peering through until her knuckles paled. She had hoped and prayed for a time of simply enjoying the views of Hong Kong, Macao, the mainland, and the waters surrounding them. The day was clear and she could see for miles. That is where she now longed to be, miles away from Benjamin and his proposal. As the tears rolled down her cheeks, she kept the field glasses affixed to her eyes, vainly trying to hide them. 
He gently lowered them. Crying are you? I know Im in trouble now because I have yet to learn how to discern a womans tears. All I know is youre either mad, sad, or happy. Im praying its the last one you feel.
She stumbled over to the low stone wall and sat down on it. He followed and handed her his handkerchief.
I guess Im more scared than anything. She dabbed at the tears.
Youre scared? Im so scared I just about pissed in my trousers asking for your hand.
A shared laugh lifted some of the tension.
Oh, what to do with the likes of you, Ben? Can I be totally forthright with you?
Please do.
The real reason that I went away on that trip was to think things out because Ive been feeling a growing attachment toward you. I needed some time away to sort it all out.
His eyebrows shot upward. This was the first she had mentioned any such emotion. Oh?
Yes. I spent the last months talking to the Lord about you.
He stiffened. Did I pass muster? I know He carries even higher expectations than you, most likely.
She smiled, the kind she reserved for the children at the mission. Of course. Youre a fine man. Even Mrs. Wiggins said as much. She glanced at her chaperone, who was watching the drama unfold out of the corner of her eye from a park bench forty feet away.
His head bobbled at the compliment and his heart beat faster. 
But theres only one way I could consent to being your wife. You would have to join in my call as a missionary.
He crumpled onto the stone wall. For the remainder of their conversation he stared at the ground. His dream died in bits and pieces. 
I know that your plans are to return to England after your enlistment ends. I simply cannot go with you. My calling is to China.
Can you understand that the last time I was back to England was a short home leave after Egypt before they sent me off to India? I havent been back home for going on six years now. If I stay on in Hong Kong Ill go native. Then Ill end up dying here.
Im sorry to hurt you so. She stood and walked toward the safety of Mrs. Wiggins presence. Perhaps we should be going.
***

Benjamin had seen men react in one of two ways when jilted: shrug it off or go to pieces. He chose the latter. Unfortunately, his fit of self-pity, complete with the drowning of his sorrows, coincided with the revenge seeking him.
The day before the failed proposal, Zhu-ting had contacted the leader of the Hong Kong Triad for a favor. Like the majority of Chinese business owners, Zhu-ting paid for protection to the local Triad. Those who did not might find theirs burned to the ground or with a steadily decreasing clientele as word spread of their defiance of the Triad. Zhu-tings anger caused him to be bolder than normal.
The foreign devil not only humiliated me but all Chinese with his insult.
How so? The Dragon Head passed the lit opium pipe to Zhu-ting. He only offered the drug when a supplicant was too upset to accept a reasonable response or when an unwitting victim was about to meet an unsavory end to his life. A sober, calculating man, the Dragon Head never partook of the drug and despised any who did. Nevertheless, it proved to be an equalizer by bringing rich or poor down to the level at which he could impose his will without further persuasion. If the one in his presence proved to be recalcitrant, he simply kept refilling the bowl with opium and asking questions until the stupor of his guest was adequate to close the deal.
Zhu-ting hesitated after taking the pipe. He had never used opium in any form and considered those who did to be weak slaves of the British Empire and Qing Dynasty. He believed it was the formers imperialism and the latters impotency that had created the country with the most addicts. If he refused to smoke the pipe he would be dishonoring the hospitality of the Dragon Head, which was the very crime that he accused Benjamin of  dishonoring his gracious offer of his daughter Mai. 
Unsure of how to proceed, he did not inhale the acrid smoke of the burning opium. Instead, he puffed away as an abstainer of tobacco might if offered a peace pipe by a native of one North Americas many tribes. Try as he might, some of the smoke penetrated the membranes of the tissues in his mouth or found its way to his lungs. Much of the smoke that he let escape from his mouth drifted up his nostrils from where it seemed to invade his brain. The vaporized drug traveled via his bloodstream throughout his body. By the second bowlful, he had been convinced that his demand that Benjamin must die was not in anyones best interests, especially his own. Such a death would easily be traced back to him, regardless of who murdered Benjamin, the Dragon Head said.
Ah, now we are in agreement that to punish this foreign devil with death is most unwise. The Dragon Head continued to restate Zhu-tings demands in terms acceptable to both of them.
Zhu-ting struggled to remember which foreign devil he spoke of. There were so many scattered about Hong Kong that he believed guilty enough to die. His mind felt as if it had detached from his head and was floating in the atmosphere around it.
Which foreign devil?
The one who spurned your daughter."
Oh, him. He watched as his host began to fill the pipes ivory bowl a third time. The light-headedness produced by the first two bowlfuls convinced him that he could not survive a third without passing out into oblivion, an unforgivable act of disgrace when in the presence of one as powerful as the leader of a Triad family. What do you suggest to be suitable punishment?
The Dragon Head smiled at his change of heart. Leave it to me. The foreign devil will pay for his dishonoring you and Mai.
Operating in much the same way as the Sicilian Mafia, the Triads godfather, known as the Dragon Head or Mountain Master, never gave orders directly to the ones who carried them out. He explained the situation and a possible solution to one of his lieutenants. The lieutenant then notified one or more Red Poles. They served as the enforcers and obeyed without question.
In Benjamins case, a roughing up was handed down as punishment. It had to be administered in such a way so that it appeared he had been the instigator so as not to bring unwanted suspicion and a subsequent law enforcement crackdown on the many criminal activities of the Triad. Benjamin handed them an opportunity hours after his misadventure on Victoria Peak.
The spurned suitor accompanied Nancy and Mrs. Wiggins back to the mission, thanked them for a delightful afternoon, shook their hands, bowed and said goodbye, all the while keeping the stiff upper lip expected of him no matter how much his heart ached. He then marched double step to the bar where he had drunk his first pint in Hong Kong. Chang took his order.
Whiskey and water. Make that a double.
After the fourth such drink, he began to vent his frustrations with life, first in a vague sort of way. As his complaints grew more specific his voices volume ratcheted up until all in the bar could hear them.
Bloody China! Heres to the missionaries who think they can save it! He stood and lifted his glass to everyone present.
One almost as drunk as he responded. Ill drink to that!
As usual, the bars customers were a mix of British soldiers, sailors from distant lands, and a handful of Chinese who acted as middlemen for the baser desires of such men. The Chinese gathered at one table and began to shake their heads at Benjamins rants. His blurred vision and alcohol soaked mind did not let him perceive their rising displeasure of him.
And heres to the most beautiful missionary of the lot, Nancy Foxworth!
Ill drink to that! This time the sailor staggered over to Benjamins table. That is, if youre buying.
A drink for the likes of you? He sized up the one leaning on his table to maintain his balance. Not on your life. You should buy me one for having to protect rubbish such as yourself. Benjamin shoved him and the sailor crashed into the table with the Chinese patrons. They scattered and regrouped around Benjamin. The one most fluent in English spoke.
You spilled our drinks! You buy new ones.
The hell you say! He swung at him but his fist found air as his target ducked.
The three offended Chinese took turns landing kicks, slaps, and punches on Benjamin. His wild swings did little damage. Chang leapt over the bar and ordered them to back away. He knew that without his intervention the fight would escalate into the Chinese versus the Europeans and Americans, which would destroy much of his bars furnishing as they were used for weapons. Somehow, the instigator was still standing.
Changs feet left the ground simultaneously. His left foot swept behind Benjamins lower legs as his right one smashed into his face. They propelled the flailing sergeant backward and his head crashed into the wooden floor with a thud. Chang then tossed the unconscious body through the front door onto the sidewalk. Five minutes later a messenger arrived. He stepped over the limp figure and assumed it was a drunk.
You are to beat up the English soldier known as Sergeant Benjamin Worthington. You know him, yes? He whispered to Chang, who was back behind the bar serving drinks. Chang led him outside.
Tell who sent you that it is done. He pointed at the groaning Benjamin.
The messenger studied the cuts and bruises, which appeared to be sufficient. But how did you know to do it before I arrived to tell you?
Chang smiled. The foreign devil told me himself that he deserved such a beating. You know how they confess their crimes when they drink too much.
The messenger bowed and hurried off to report that the punishment had been rendered. A few minutes later two Chinese policemen found Benjamin. When he had sobered up enough to tell them which barracks was his they deposited him there in custody of the private standing guard, who put him in the stockade. By the time Captain Blighton had been roused from his dinner at home Benjamin was sound asleep. Blighton shook the reason for his inconvenience.
Sgt. Worthington! On your feet!
Breakfast time already? Ill have some eggs and sausage I suppose. Scrambled if you please. And perhaps a muffin or two? And tea if you please.
He let the limp body fall back onto the cot. Goodbye for now. Ill return after you have slept it off.
I wouldnt hear of it. You can stay as long as you like. Wont you join me for breakfast?
The captain turned to the guard in charge of the small stockade. Hong Kong is full of such characters. It has more heroes and villains than most locales of the Empire. Ill investigate which one Sgt. Worthington claims to be on the morrow. Meantime, I am not to be disturbed. Understood?
The guard saluted. Yes, sir.
Very well. Carry on.
The guard picked up the blanket from the floor and tossed it on Benjamin, lost in his snores. His dreams upset him. In one, he was on Victoria Peak with Nancy and she proposed to him. He agreed if she would become a fellow member of sorts in the English Army and defend the Empire. She declined.
In another dream, he stood at an altar in his best dress uniform. Seated in the pews were Tommy and Sunia, Captain and Mrs. Blighton, and Nancy and Mrs. Wiggins, and scores of soldiers from his company. A petite figure glided up the aisle, face hidden by a wedding veil. Lifting the veil revealed Zhu-tings angry face. His tongue darted in and out like a snakes.
Foreign devil! You may have mocked me once but now I have total control of you. From this day until you die you will do my bidding. You belong to me forever.
Benjamin fell backward.
May you live in interesting times, foreign devil!
In the last dream, Benjamin crawled across scorching sands in a wasteland devoid of people, vegetation, and animals, except for the growing circle of vultures overhead. He called out for someone to save him. Water! Water!
A lukewarm liquid stung his sweating face. He wiped it away from his eyes and stared at the silhouette in front of the tiny light bulb hanging from a wire attached to the ceiling.
Where where am I?
In the stockade. They delivered you here drunk and bloodied. You were hollering for water so I gave you some.
Tommy?
You were expecting Queen Victoria?
Benjamin sat slowly up but his head felt as if it remained on the cot. Talking through swollen lips was a chore. All I remember is telling some bloke who wanted a drink to shove off.
From what Chang told me, you were drowning your sorrows and got nasty. Nancy turned you down, did she?
Nancy? He cradled his head on his knees. I took her up to Victoria Peak, the best spot of any to propose at. But shell only have me if I sign on as a missionary.
Tommy patted his back. Love is sticky, all right. I can hardly stand the strain of it myself at times.
You warned me of a thrashing. You dont think Zhu-ting had someone rough me up?
Tommy shrugged as he remembered Zhu-tings sour expression when he had announced Benjamins punishment. Rule number one in China, Ben. Never ask questions. It only complicates matters beyond remedy.
After bathing, shaving, and donning a clean uniform, Benjamin reported to Captain Blighton, certain that his punishment would be worse in the long run than the beating had been. Sgt. Worthington reporting as requested, sir. He saluted.
Do sit down. Have you had your sausage and eggs yet?
Hows that again?
Never mind. I suppose you dont recall my visit to you last evening.
No, sir.
Sgt. Lancanshire informed me of your bad luck in proposing. Back in the old days youd have been flogged for fighting like you did. But since we are in the reformed army Im only confining you to barracks for a month. And that bar is off limits from now on until you leave Hong Kong as well.
He gulped. As you say. He had expected a loss of pay and demotion.
Dismissed.
Benjamins month-long punishment sobered him. After his workdays ended, he walked laps around the perimeter of his temporary prison like the caged jungle cats he had seen at the London Zoo. Then he retreated to his room. There he escaped into the worlds crafted by Kipling. When not reading he wondered about life as a civilian. As memories of Nancy faded images of Mai replaced them. Some nights he even dreamed of her, tamer scenes than those suffered while in the stockade. A day before his confinement ended he startled Tommy.
You think I could meet Mai again but just informal like?
Tommy dropped the case he was pulling from a shelf onto his right foot. He grabbed his injury and began hopping about on his uninjured foot.
What did you say? He fell into a chair. Where are you off to? Come back here.
To get the nurse to look after you. Stay put.
It took an hour before the injury was bandaged and crutches issued to Tommy. The nurse prescribed the usual. Keep it propped up until it heals. Stop in at the dispensary if it gets infected.
Thank you. Tommy waited until she was out of the warehouse. Now was I dreaming or did you say want to meet with Mai?
Yes. But merely to get to know her.
Tommy shook his head. Itll take some doing on my part. These Chinese like things cut and dry. Youve certainly muddied the waters already.
Im counting on you to do whatever it takes.
Why your sudden change of heart if you dont mind my asking?
Being confined to quarters forced a good hard look at myself. Im thirty-one years old. None of the girls back home wanted me because they think soldiers like us are drunks, former criminals or neer do wells incapable of anything but soldiering.
So very true.
That was strike one as they say in American baseball. Strike two was my loss of Adalet, a woman who stole my heart with just one look. Strike three was Nancy turning me down. Ive struck out, Tommy. Im counting on you to broker me a time of courting Mai just to be certain were right for the other. Im too long in the tooth for strike four.
Many hours of negotiation later, Zhu-ting relented to three meetings, with he and Tommy acting as chaperones. Tommy explained that Benjamins pride had been so damaged by the beating that he now realized the beauty of Chinese women, especially Mai, and his memory so impaired when his head had bounced off the bars floor that he no longer remembered Zhu-ting or Mai. Tommy explained his strategy before the first meeting.
Benjamin snorted. Now you have me acting out a play by Shakespeare, I suppose. Am I Romeo or Hamlet?
Pretend that Zhu-ting is that Merchant of Venice bloke and that he wants a pound of your flesh. Pretend its your ballocks hell cut off if you dont pass muster. That should do the trick.
You have a fine way with words. Sorry I asked.
They met at Tommys flat, with chaperones at the kitchen table and potential couple for life by the window. Benjamin was relieved that Mai knew English.
How is it you speak English so well?
Father send me to American missionary school to learn.
But the way he carries on, I thought he hated all foreigners.
She blushed and averted her eyes even further from his. The crimson made her dark yellow skin glow. My father live Chinese way all life. Tradition die never, even for Chinese Christian.
Christian? He pointed at her and Zhu-ting.
Yes.
Oh. The biggest obstacle to marrying her was struck from his list. 
She explained that her father expected her downward gaze. Shrugging, he asked her opinion of English style courtship. At first she thought he meant English judicial proceedings. After Tommy translated the term for her she said it seemed to be an interesting process. On and on they probed for an hour until Zhu-ting announced that it was time to leave and the date and place of the next meeting. You be here in two days. He glared at the suitor. Or else. Tommy left off the last sentence from his translation. 
Benjamin bowed.

The second meeting consisted of exploring a future together. Do you like children? If you come to England will you be homesick for Hong Kong? Because Mais answers sprung more from resignation than hope, he feared she was merely accepting him as part of a preordained fate. She read his troubled expression.
You show big worry.
Well, your whole demeanor shows nothing less than a woman such as those whom King Henry the Eighth sent off to the Tower of London before getting their heads chopped off.
I sorry.
He lifted her chin and searched her eyes. Look at me, for once.
Afraid of breaking an ingrained taboo, she instead glanced at her father. Somehow, Tommy had maneuvered him into a game of Mahjong. With Zhu-ting winning, he had forgotten his duty as chaperone. Reassured, she gazed into Benjamins eyes for the first time. The soft love and pureness of soul they radiated took his breath away. One question remained.
Tell me true, Mai. Do you want me? Were so different in every way. He nodded at the game table. I have yet to understand how Tommy and Sunia pull it off.
There saying in Bible that not for us understand Gods ways. I try accept what God bring me.
He removed his hand from her chin and she stared at the floor. Once again, wrinkles made furrows in his forehead. I dont know what to do now. They spent a moment in silence. But this charade shall not continue.
I have peace with you. A tiny tear formed in the corner of her left eye and traveled down her quivering cheek. She buried her head in her chest to hide it.
Im sorry to upset you so. Now I know I was wrong to reject you that first time.
Thank you.
He stood and stretched. One meeting left then. To tell the truth, you won my heart today. But lets keep it on the quiet. Match makers deserve as much. 
She stared. 
Dont tell them just yet.
She nodded. He walked to the table and bowed. Saturday at noon on Victoria Peak. Dont be late. He was out the door before the games players could object.
No matter how Tommy badgered Benjamin, he would not reveal his planned details of the third meeting. When Saturday arrived Tommy, Zhu-ting and Mai rode the train together to Victoria Peak. Waiting for them at the top was Benjamin; dressed in a white suit he had had the final adjustments made to that morning. He carried a large bouquet of flowers, which he presented to Mai. Then he led her by the arm to a secluded spot. Zhu-ting shuffled nervously thirty feet away.
He have preacher hidden in bushes over there? He asked Tommy. He never dress nice before.
Nothing of the sort. Hes just sealing the deal, English style. Tommy shook his hand. We did it!
Indeed Benjamin was. His heart beating like a bass drum and head spinning, he lifted Mais gaze toward his.
Im no Shakespeare but all I know is two is better than one when it comes to this life. He paused. Will you be my wife?
Yes.
Benjamin stood and danced a jig. He took her hands and pulled her into his celebration. Zhu-ting screamed.
I told you he had preacher hidden. They dancing wedding dance. He ran past the couple and leaped on the wall that held back the dirt and bushes. Poking his head in and out of the foliage like a chicken pecking at its food, he ordered the phantom minister to show himself. He mixed Chinese curses with some of the English words he knew. Come out, you foreign devil! Because I secondary foreign devil I know all your tricks! When the imagined performer of the supposed wedding failed to appear he jumped down in front of the staring couple and dragged Mai to the train station.
Must prepare for Chinese wedding! He hollered over his shoulder at Tommy. You best man. You get groom ready. Teach him Chinese ways.

The next six months were misery for Benjamin. Banned by Zhu-ting from seeing Mai until their wedding day, he depended on Tommy to negotiate a hybrid ceremony of British and Chinese traditions. Thus, a week before the wedding, Benjamin sent gifts to Mai. Counting on Tommys advice, he sent mostly clothing.
That way youre killing two birds with one stone, Tommy said. Shell have plenty to wear after youre married. Cant be too generous on a sergeants wages.
Tradition mandated that the bride-to-be should be carried in a red chair to the grooms mothers house. With Mrs. Worthington living in England, this proved difficult at best. Instead, on the wedding day four men lifted Mai in a red chair and delivered her to a Hong Kong church. As soon as the chair came into view some of the Chinese guests waiting outside of the church set off firecrackers. The strings of small explosives alerted guests inside the church that the bride was nearby. None of the foreigners saw a need to stand in the hot July sun and sat comfortably in pews speculating on whether the bride could be as beautiful as Benjamin had bragged. Benjamin fidgeted at the altar, Tommy beside him.
On one side of the church sat guests of the groom, mostly soldiers of Benjamins company, with Nancy, Mrs. Wiggins, and others from the mission in the front row. The brides guests sat opposite. With cousins as distant as the third and fourth variety in attendance, Chinese outnumbered foreigners three to one. The acrid smell of the gunpowder drifted in through the front door as they took their seats. Ever stoic, Chang represented the local Triad and sat in the front pew with his arms crossed. Told by Zhu-ting of how his Kung Fu blows had transformed Benjamin, Chang took pride in his humble contribution.
Cued by the reverend, the organist in the choir loft began the notes of the traditional wedding march. The pastor was due at a cricket match in an hour, which called for his shortest version of matrimony. All heads turned toward the entrance. The soldiers in their best dress uniforms rose and snapped to attention. 
Some of the Chinese guests buzzed among themselves about the maneuver. A few of them stood. That they were attending a hybrid ceremony of the loss of one of their own to a foreigner was all the acquiescence to the British Empire those who remained seated could stomach. Unable to squeeze the red perch and bride through the door, the exhausted chair bearers deposited her on the steps. She alighted and began her march down the aisle, father beside her. Negotiating the marriage of his youngest daughter had drained him; the ceremony was anticlimactic. 
Some of the grooms guests dabbed their eyes with handkerchiefs while the brides whispered about how strange the English wedding gowns looked. The strangest custom for Zhu-ting was to pay the bill for the reception. To save the cost of renting a building, he held it on the lawn beside the church with no chairs to further reduce the cost. No longer having to stomach the English wedding traditions they had endured, the guests of the bride became hungry. They queued up and filed past a long table filled with dim sum. The hungriest searched in vain for a main course to accompany the appetizers  pressed duck, congee, roasted pig, chow mien, or at the very least, bowls of rice. But there was none. By the time they finished the first pass at the table, it was bare. Zhu-ting rebuked them.
You pigs! He shook his fist in the fattest ones faces. Now there is no food for foreign devils. You shame me. You must leave or my Red Pole will take care of you. He pointed at Chang, who cracked his knuckles.
He need not have worried. The grooms guests had congregated around a makeshift no-host bar manned by Chang. He charged his normal prices for the same exotic drinks that he daily concocted at his bar by the harbor. Indebted to the bartender for his knocking some sense into Benjamin, Zhu-ting had felt obligated to hire him. Yielding to taunts from his fellow soldiers, Tommy bought the first round of drinks, Benjamin the second, Captain Blighton the third. Each made syrupy toasts. Their words brought tears to those given to sentimentality and snickers to those more cynical.
Heres to the brother-in-law I always hoped and prayed for, Tommy said.
Heres to all of you for coming today, Benjamin said for the second round. You are the best friends a man could dare hope for.
Fortified after his first two libations, Captain Blightons toast progressed into a speech. First, he beat on his empty glass with the sword that adorned his uniform. Satisfied that he was the center of attention, he waved his sword about in time with his words.
He looks like a bloody conductor leading the symphony at Royal Albert Hall. Tommy whispered to Benjamin.
I must say that only such an occasion brings about tears, smiles, and cheers all at once to each and every one of us gathered here on this day, Blighton said.
Hear, hear. The lieutenant most envious of Blightons cushy job shouted. The captain nodded at his sycophant. Quite. As I was saying, all this reminds me of my own wedding day. He gazed at his wife. Jennifer and I have been married all of seventeen years now and
Hear, hear! The lieutenant interrupted again. The captains icy stare shut him up.
And they have they most certainly have been the best years of all for both of us. His voice cracked. He returned the sword to its scabbard. God bless you both! He turned toward the newlyweds. Thats all. It appears Im all played out. 
Every one of them teetotalers, the contingent from the mission raised cups of tea for each toast. They waited patiently for a piece of cake. Zhu-ting slyly waited until he had shamed his relatives into leaving the reception before bringing out the five-tiered wedding cake. He explained that it was reserved for the guests of the groom and that if the guests of the bride needed more than the dim sum he had provided they should adjourn to one of Hong Kongs numerous restaurants. The missionaries and their fellow Chinese workers were first in line for a piece of the white frosted cake. Most of the soldiers were too tipsy to bother. After her second piece, Nancy navigated through the throng that surrounded the couple.
Im happy for you, Ben. Shes a lovely girl. She turned and began a conversation with Mai in Cantonese. They carried on like two schoolgirls as they compared notes on the man who had loved both of them. Making the other one blush became the highlight of the reception for them. 
Then the soldiers with swords stood in a gauntlet. Bride and groom walked under the extended swords, which formed a makeshift cathedral of shining steel above them, and hopped into a waiting carriage. It delivered them to a ferry bound for the nearby Portuguese colony of Macao. Tommy had warned Benjamin that he best put some water between the newlyweds and Zhu-ting if he wanted any sort of a honeymoon. Already, his new father-in-law was itching to talk business, one of his favorite English phrases.
Zhu-ting was a complicated man whose life seemed to become ever more so the longer that he lived. Born in 1830, his first years in Northern China were marked by little influence from foreigners. But then Chinas emperor seized shipments of opium and had it tossed into the South China Sea. To the English royalty, this was no different than unruly and ungrateful American colonists tossing tea into Bostons harbor during the previous century. The first broadsides were diplomatic as demanding missives traveled from Peking to London and back again. 
Freshly crowned as queen, Victoria established her power in foreign affairs. At stake was the monopoly held by the British East India Company, which had cornered the market by growing it in India and shipping it worldwide, mainly to China. She was in no mood to send the silver that China preferred to opium so that a balance of trade could be maintained. Thus began the First Opium War in 1839.
Nine-year-old Zhu-ting served as a water boy for the Chinese who battled the British invaders. The English used Brunswick muzzle loading rifles to propel .704 balls at the enemy. The large balls inflicted terrifying wounds, usually fatal. Time consuming to load, the weapons caused many British casualties as they went through the laborious steps of inserting gunpowder and wadding, packing with a ramrod, inserting ball, packing with ramrod, aiming, and firing. But the swords and spears of the Chinese eventually proved no match and in 1842 China admitted defeat. The deaths of Zhu-tings brother and father instilled in him a hatred for foreign devils that slightly diminished as he aged.
During the Second Opium War from 1856 to 1860, an older, angrier, and stronger Zhu-ting fought as a soldier. By then the British had greater firepower, Enfields firing Minie bullets. Faster and easier to load and more accurate than the muskets used in the First Opium War, the Enfields reduced British casualties. After four years of battles and skirmishes, the foreign powers launched an invasion to end the war. In May 1860, 11,000 British and 7,000 French troops landed at Hong Kong. They marched toward Peking and encountered 30,000 Chinese defenders along the way.
After parts of Peking had been destroyed the Qing dynasty sued for peace and accepted the invaders demands. This defeat affected Zhu-ting more than the first one eighteen years earlier. He finally admitted the impotency of Chinas rulers and considered them as emperors with no clothes. He returned to Northern China and farmed the same land his ancestors had for generations. A marriage was arranged with Ai-li, he sent her gifts, and she arrived at the wedding ceremony in a red chair. She was true to her name, which meant lovely. 
She was also loyal to her religion, Christianity. Zhu-ting had been exposed to Confucianism as a child. After his bitter experiences in war he adopted the mystical, secular beliefs of the Triads. Though not a member of the secret society, he identified with it more than anything else. Over time, five daughters were born. Gradually, he converted to Christ as a favor to his wife but became one of those tortured souls with one foot planted in the kingdom of Satan and the other in the kingdom of God. Because battles between warring kingdoms start at their borders, he suffered the inner turmoil only known by those who try to serve two masters. Often, he could not understand why he acted as he did.
The former kingdom promised riches, power, and self-satisfaction. The latter kingdom consisted of righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit. Occasionally, he would place both feet in one of the two opposing kingdoms and life would become either heaven or hell for his family and any who crossed his path. But he always gravitated back to his life of compromise. 
Some Scripture appealed to him; such as If any man will not work, neither shall he eat. He used that one as a club to thrash opium smokers or lazy co-workers, whom he thought of as worse than drug addicts. But he disliked such verses as, The love of money is a root of all sorts of evil and You cannot serve God and mammon. After all, money brought power, and power, security, and that was what his family needed. So money became his goal. 
He found little in the way of security with his first three sons-in-law. One was content to remain a farmer, which foretold an occasional bowl of rice from him for his parents-in-law in their old age. The second one was a Triad enforcer whose loyalties lay with his secret brotherhood that could bring a shortened life that might not last as long as Zhu-tings; the third was fonder of his opium pipe than honest labor. All three stayed behind in Northern China when Zhu-ting, his wife, and two unmarried daughters migrated southward.
There was little choice. Zhu-ting had lost two sons during their infancy to the cycle of flooding, drought, disease, and famine he had known all of his life. And it was sons who were ordained to care for elderly parents. Trying to convince Chinese sons-in-law of fulfilling that duty was wishful thinking, he had concluded. Fearful that his youngest daughters were doomed to wed as their sisters had, he fled to Canton, where he hoped to take advantage of the foreign devils in every way possible.
First, he labored for twelve years in Cantons factories for twelve to sixteen hours a day for the companies owned by foreigners. He especially hated how each factory displayed their native lands flags on tall poles from sunrise to sunset. After years of saving every portion of his wages possible, he moved his family to Hong Kong. There he bought a small building that served as home and factory. He exploited his laborers as he had been in service to Chinas army and later in Cantons factories. In time, he became wealthy.
But even riches failed to secure the certainty that his old age would be worry free. He searched among the tai-pans, British soldiers, and other foreigners for one who possessed his qualities. Only in British soldiers did he find a certain bearing, a can-do attitude and self-discipline necessary for success in life. So he narrowed his search until after three years of looking, he stumbled upon Sgt. Tommy Lancanshire. 
Tommys identification with Kiplings character Sgt. Daniel Dravot was a valid self-assessment. He possessed many of the same qualities: a need for adventure, an aversion to authority, and most all, the ability to brass it out when the chips were down and plans went awry. The two clicked immediately. Zhu-ting met him through Chang, who had informed him that Tommy ran the most profitable black market operation of any soldier in Hong Kong. After six months of doing business with Tommy, Zhu-ting was certain that he held more promise for old-age security than his other three sons-in-law combined. So he arranged a marriage.
After introducing him to Sunia, Zhu-ting and Ai-li coached their daughter on what to wear, how to speak, and what to cook for him. His wifes demands that Sunia and Mai attend mission schools finally paid dividends. What had impressed Tommy most about Sunia was her command of the Queens English. He had grown frustrated and then bored with the prostitutes and bar girls who expected him to speak as much Cantonese as they did English. In Sunia Tommy found one who made no demands but only sought to please him. His courtship of her was short and sweet as Zhu-ting maneuvered him toward her as a Belgian Collie herds sheep.
That marriage appeared adequate until Zhu-ting heard the ominous reports from his son-in-law who served the Triad. He spoke of growing undercurrents in Northern China that spelled doom for both the Qing Dynasty and foreign devils alike. Recent events added weight to the warning.
In 1890, ten Chinese Christians were massacred in Sichuan after rumors spread that they were murderers. Printed material, poetry, and songs continued to spread anti-Christian propaganda throughout China. When such messages reached Hong Kong, Zhu-ting took them to heart.
Shaken, he went to Tommy with his need of an escape. He disguised that need with the ruse that he needed Tommy to take over his factory in Hong Kong when his enlistment ended and a second ex-soldier to run a London operation that would handle the goods sent to England. He needed a soldier whose enlistment ended soon and was single. The candidate had to have served in Hong Kong long enough to be familiar with Chinese ways and willing to marry Mai. That son-in-law would be the ace in the hole who provided shelter in England for Zhu-ting and Ai-li in case the whispered revolution came to life. Only one soldier fit the bill, Tommy concluded, his friend Benjamin. 
His first four months of marriage were a mixed lot, happiness with Mai, even though their one-room lodging in the married quarters for sergeants gave them little privacy. But Benjamin thought they could endure it until his enlistment ended. He was not as certain he could endure his new father-in-law. While Zhu-ting could understand why foreigners refused to prostrate themselves before the emperor in the act of kowtow, he could tolerate no such defiance against himself from employees or family. After all, the present emperor was descended from the foreign Manchus who had ruled China for centuries. If a true son or daughter of China were emperor then kowtow to the ruler would be only right. Likewise, he expected his wife, daughters, and sons-in-law to kowtow to him, a patriot who had fought bravely in two wars. Not that the kowtow had to be the physical form of prostrating themselves. Just a mental and emotional kowtow sufficed for him. For the British sons-in-law, he lowered his expectations to mere obedience in all matters, great and small. Benjamin wanted none of it.
He orders me about more than all the officers combined that I have ever served under, he said. Just who does he think he is anyhow?
Tommy smiled crookedly. Whenever he did so, Benjamin knew that he was about to say something profound, whether he realized it or not. Remember back home when blokes would tell their wives that a mans home is his castle?
Yes.
Here in China they dont just say it, they live it. Zhu-ting pictures himself as a king, a sort of Dragon Master, more or less. He must or he has nothing left to hold onto. His kingdom consists of his business, first of all, and his family, second. So that makes you and me his princes, so to speak. Now you tell me, what happened to all the princes of England down through history if they did not mind their ps and qs? 
They got their silly heads chopped off. The lucky ones got banished to another land or sent off to war to die.
Exactly. So, just pretend to kowtow to him until you leave here forever. Once youre back home Ill be taking the brunt of it from him here.
But Mai has told me hes afraid that hell have to flee from here when the Manchus get overthrown in Peking.
Tommy yawned. Hypothetical futures bored him, especially those he deemed unlikely. Let them have their bloody revolutions. It wont retire us from Hong Kong. The rest of the Empire might go away but Hong Kong never will. India isnt the jewel of the Empire. Hong Kong is.
Being crowned a prince for a third time did little to calm Benjamin. He could accept the title of Prince of Alexandria from Shareef, and sahib from Roni. But being a prince of Hong Kong demanded too much. During any time off Zhu-ting expected him to help out at the warehouse that stocked his factorys goods for export. Not only did he get free labor out of Number Two Son, as he now called Benjamin, he also used the time to train him on how the warehouse receiving the goods in London had to operate. How else would the debits equal the credits? Zhu-ting shuddered when he learned that Benjamin did not know how to use an abacus and did not want to learn how to operate the wooden calculator with sliding counters.
Number Two Son, why you not pay attention? Zhu-ting barked at Tommy, who translated to Benjamin. The exasperated teacher pointed at the calculation that had just tabulated the latest shipment and been entered into a ledger.
Benjamin stared at the abacus. Tell him I use my bloody fingers to count with.
Tommy told Zhu-ting that Benjamin said he was trying his best. He shook his bony finger at his pupil. I shame you. I teach Mai fine art of accounting. Number Two Son is now shamed by his wife!
He says hell teach Mai how to run the abacus and keep the books. Dont worry about it any longer.
Benjamin smiled, which increased Zhu-tings displeasure. Why would being shamed by his wife make Number Two Son so happy? He decided that Changs beating had damaged Benjamins pride beyond repair.
The warnings from his son-in-law in Northern China proved to be a self-fulfilling prophecy. Many of Chinas upper class and middle class landowners stoked the xenophobia among the peasant classes by spreading rumors. The poorest citizens had been manipulated to perform the dirty work during the French Revolution so why not here as well? At times they used the Triad or other secret societies as intermediaries to instigate violence. Zhu-tings son-in-law was one of those spreading such gossip throughout his province. His duties as a Triad enforcer required travel and he told lies everywhere he went of missionaries and Chinese Christians plotting to take control of all China. Because he was a Red Pole, he was believed. 
The rumors bore fruit in November 1891 in Rehe, a province about 1,000 miles north of Hong Kong. Marching with banners that read Annihilate the Qing; death to the foreigner, tens of thousands of rebels killed 1,500 Christians and looted the missions before setting them on fire. The continued lawlessness and resulting executions of those arrested eventually left 20,000 dead in Rehe. News of the uprising panicked many foreigners, who fled to port cities such as Shanghai, Canton, and Hong Kong. Gunboats sent by European nations did not quell their terror. 
Now we shall get to see who was really called by God here, Nancy Foxworth said to Benjamin. He had come to her mission to help with the refugees who had flocked there from the interior. Those who called themselves here will be going home, never to return.
Benjamin shook his head. Tell me something, Nancy. Why is it that those who serve in Gods army, such as yourself, are the only army that finishes off their own soldiers when they get wounded? 
She cringed at her self-righteousness. Humbled, she thought her Lord had used another to chasten her foolish pride. An hour later she found enough courage to thank the messenger for his rebuke. I guess if God could speak to Balaam through a donkey then He can speak to me through you. Thank you, Ben, for being obedient by saying what you did.
Hows that again? Benjamin scratched his head. These missionaries were becoming more inscrutable than the natives.
When Zhu-ting learned of Benjamins whereabouts, he dispatched Tommy. You bring Number Two Son here now! He must help business to make money before rebels come here and we flee to England! Hurry!
Tommy obeyed but took his time. He found an exhausted Benjamin setting up temporary sleeping quarters. Lets go, Bennie. The masters calling for you.
No. Lets get brushed up for dinner. Nancy already invited me. Im sure the roof wont cave in on you if you stay as well.
By George. Never thought Id live to see the day Id eat here but Zhu-tings ravings of late are driving me to an early grave. I think the old man is ready for the loony bin. His whole life is consumed by fear nowadays.
They joined the long line that snaked its way to the kitchen. At the serving table they were handed two bowls of watery congee. They took them out to the courtyard and sat under a tree. 
Looks like they put in one fish per pot of rice. Tommy searched his bowl for solids. Guess it beats getting cut up by the rebels. He pointed at the refugees who sat eating in every part of the mission and outside on the sidewalks. They had barely finished their simple meal when Nancy found them.
Your father-in-laws cursing up a storm out front about his sons dishonoring him. Will you take him home? Hes upsetting the refugees no end.
Tommy and Benjamin followed him as two truants would a schoolmaster leading them off for their punishments. For the next seven months both of them suffered what they called permanent detention and house arrest as Zhu-ting worked them to ship as many goods from Hong Kong as possible. By summertime his warehouse was bare because his factory workers could no longer keep pace. Benjamin changed his escape route.
Im going to stop off in Perth for a few days on the way home, he told Tommy. Just to catch my breath. After working like a dog these last months, Im in no hurry to get his operation up and running there in London.


11
While Benjamin prepared to depart Hong Kong, Rod Lee was wondering if he had taken on more than he could handle. Running a farm while publishing a weekly paper left him little time for anything else. Four more Christmases had passed since he had received the printing press as a gift.
Each succeeding Yuletide had brought him presents such as ink or paper for the press, notebooks and pencils, and token greeting cards from subscribers and advertisers who were behind on their payments. For last Christmas Patty gave him the transparent green brimmed visor worn by editors in newsrooms. She claimed he had earned it because 1891 was the first year the paper had turned a profit. Though small, $23, at least it had finally put the paper in the black. Billy gave him a yearbook that recorded the highlights and statistics of the 1891 and final season of the National League of Professional Baseball Clubs. The American Association had just folded and merged with the National League. The new combined league was dubbed the National League and American Association and fielded twelve teams.
Maybe you can use it to put some sports stories in our paper. Billy had said as Rod unwrapped the Christmas gift, one that Billy often borrowed. Prodded by Patty, Rod finally made Billy sports editor of the Tri-State Herald. With over 11,000 newspapers to compete against nationwide, Rod needed every gimmick possible to build circulation. He couldnt compete with the dailies and six days a week papers with their wire services such as the Associated Press and Reuters. So he depended on correspondents with their ears to the ground, ready to dig up gossip and tidbits that the larger newspapers could not. His paper focused on the subterranean culture and events that transpired in ten cities where he had correspondents.
He penciled in Billys name on the chart above his desk, complete with populations of his readerships locales:


  CORRESPONDENTS
Evansville, IN; 50,756; Margaret Hamilton
Owensboro, KY; 9,837; Daniel Tibbits
Henderson, KY; 8,835; Leroy Jackson
Madisonville, KY; 2,212; Mildred Sawyer
Jasper, IN; 1,479; Clarence U. Browne III
Princeton, IN, 4,156; Audrey Hackenheimer
Harrisburg, IL; 1,723; Claude Mitchell
Olney, IL; *; Dolly Boone
Mt. Carmel, IL; *; Vance Dulrooney
Central City, KY; *; Samantha Hillsdale
Sports Editor, Billy Lee
*Waiting for information from city officials

His correspondents were the lifeblood of the paper. Without their stories, you have no readers, Patty had said. Without readers, you have no paper.
You will get to see your names in print. Rod had said when explaining compensation to correspondents. Those who wrote well and often used tear sheets of their stories to land jobs at larger papers that paid by the week or magazines that paid by the word. Finding replacements had been easy as there were always those waiting in the wings that were certain that I can write better than that last correspondent of yours.
Patty and Rod now had two children, four-year-old Bob and three-year-old Clara. Bob had weighed nine pounds, five ounces at birth, which accounted for the failed prediction of twins. Through trial and error, their parents had learned that each one carried a distinct personality that required different nurturing. Rod had grudgingly concluded that the same applied to his correspondents: each needed different levels of prodding, correction, and encouragement, as shown by their edited copy. Some required minimal edits; others major rewrites. To spice up their stories, Rod ordered them to interject their opinions in them, within reason. They gladly obeyed.
Margaret Hawthorne prowled Evansville like a hungry panther looking for prey and was the papers wheel horse. Because Evansvilles population was greater than the other nine cities covered by the Herald combined, Rod had gladly printed three to five of her stories a week. She recently had demanded and been given a weekly column. Into it she crammed everything she was certain would eventually cause the Heralds circulation to surpass that of the Evansville Courier. Her history with the daily Courier spanned three editors. She had approached the first with her genealogical findings. 
Im distantly related to Nathaniel Hawthorne, she had said. The quality of my prose proves it.
Unimpressed, neither he nor two succeeding editors employed her. By the time that Rod hired her, her resentment toward the Courier had festered into a full-blown vendetta. Desperate to fill the pages of the Herald, Rod used her despite her prediction: Just wait and see. The day will come when the Couriers subscribers abandon it for the Herald. To hasten her rivals downfall, she developed a habit of mentioning its employees by name in a negative fashion in her stories. 
Astute enough in the complexities of libel, Rod had so far avoided any lawsuits. In time, he convinced her to include others besides Courier staff in her stories. Names make news. Dont you think your readers want to read about other people too? Theres over 50,000 of them just waiting for you to interview them.
Daniel Tibbits covered Owensboro, Kentucky. A southern gentleman of the old school, his interests were horse racing, Kentucky bourbon, and Southern Belles, in that order. Most race days he could be found at the nearest track trying to parlay hot tips on thoroughbreds and quarter horses into a windfall. Although his betting skills were dismal his writing was colorful. He connected his readers with the soul of their city through his renderings of its citizens, rich and poor, old and young, black and white.
Leroy Jackson of Henderson, Kentucky eschewed everything that Tibbits loved. A lifelong Baptist, Jacksons nights were filled with board of deacons meetings, choir practices, Wednesday night Bible study, and Friday night prayer meeting. All of his extracurricular activities did not keep him from stoking the fires at home. He and wife Agatha had eleven children to prove it. 
Unlike most papers of the day, the Herald had almost as many female writers as male. It was not because Rod was a champion of womens progress. He simply used whoever applied and turned their stories in faithfully by deadline. One such was Mildred Sawyer of Madisonville, Kentucky. Many thought she might have served as Mark Twains inspiration for Tom Sawyer. Now sixty and nostalgic, her stories served as miniature history lessons of days gone by.
Clarence U Browne III of Jasper, Indiana was a seventh generation farmer so his stories covered all things related to agriculture and livestock. He introduced innovations from agricultural colleges, the county agricultural bureau, or local farmers.
Audrey Hackenheimer of Princeton, Indiana spent most of her time in the kitchen trying out any recipe sent her way. Only those she deemed worthy made it into the Herald. Her husband and children served as judges of the finished products.
Three correspondents hailed from Illinois. Dolly Boone of Olney claimed that Daniel Boones grandfather had a third cousin who was a forebear of her husband, which made her Daniels relative by marriage. Her genealogical charts went back eleven generations on her mothers side and connected her to English royalty. Claude Mitchell, resident of Harrisburg and veteran of the Civil War, attempted to present both sides of the conflict. Vance Dulrooney of Mount Carmel was obsessed with the fringes of science: traveling hawkers of elixirs, powders, and pills guaranteed to cure every ill at medicine shows; mediums allegedly in contact with the dead; and rainmakers. 
Samantha Hillsdale ventured from her hometown of Central City, Kentucky only in her imagination. Her short stories and poems gave readers a break from the gossip and mundane. Whenever her stories approached novella length, Rod serialized them, which left her fans anxiously waiting for the next edition.
Rod ended his inventory of his correspondents. Maybe Billy seeing his name on the chart would suffice. Big brother did not have the heart or patience to edit anything he might write. Patty can edit his stuff. It was her big idea.
He returned to proofreading the eight-page July Fourth special edition, always the largest. Other editions ranged from one to four pages, depending on ads sold and copy submitted. A thousand extra copies would be printed and handed out at the holidays festivities in Evansville. He had finished proofing the fifth page when Billy tumbled through the door.
Come quick, Rod! The hogs got out and are eating up all the corn!
Rod dropped the paper and ran from his office in the house, grabbed a pitchfork as he passed the barn, and threw it at the snorting pigs. Get back in your pen or Ill make all of you into bacon right now!
The errant pigs watched the pitchfork land to their right and returned to swallowing the juicy baby ears of corn. Answering Rods call for reinforcements, Patty abandoned the garden and banged a short hoe on an empty water pail. Her toddlers clapped. Sooeee! Get back to your pen, pigs! She stood by its gate.
Rod rode herd, his pitchfork jabbing the largest ones rump. The sow flashed a tusk at her tormenter but the sharp metal tines corralled her back to its pen. Rod cursed at the damage done. They took out at least a quarter acre.
Things are bad, huh? Billy wiped the sweat away from his eyes. It aint been this hot since the year the corn popped into popcorn while it was still on the stalks.
You know how the corns supposed to be knee high by the Fourth of July? Rod asked. Between those pigs and the crows, ours wont be that high by harvest time.
The extended Lee family had watched neighbors lose farms to weather or the banks, give up, and move away. Fortunately, Pattys father had paid off the mortgage a year before he died. Even if crops failed, the Lees could scratch out a living from the pigs, chickens, and garden. Not so farmers who had watched loans skyrocket from ten percent a decade earlier to the current rate of twenty percent. Mechanization had increased production but crop prices had fallen. Having refinanced to buy modern equipment, many farmers now feared the banks more than the weather. Patty had convinced Rod to forego new equipment. Not until youre making enough from the paper to pay cash on the barrelhead for it, she had said.
After dinner, Patty returned to the garden with her children. They enjoyed the cool earth on their bare feet in the only irrigated part of the farm. The rest of the land produced only if rain came in the right amounts at the right times. Rod finished proofing the paper and correcting the misplaced lead letters in the wooden racks. After supper, he began running the press.
Within minutes his hands were black with ink. By dawn his arms and parts of his face were black and the copies of the paper to be mailed were finished. By noon Patty had finished addressing them and took the children to town to mail them. Some would not arrive to the subscribers until after the Fourth but the readers seemed to accept Rods stock excuse: I cant control how fast the mail moves. He took a short nap before printing the final 1,000 copies to be handed out on the Fourth.
Every village, town, and city across America celebrated the holiday. Larger ones such as Evansville did so from dawn to dark. By first light, those scheduled to march in the parade had finished breakfast and started assembling at the beginning of the parade route. Contingents representing veterans of the Civil War, fraternal organizations, womens groups, children dressed in red, white and blue, and political parties fell into columns. The grand marshal wisely placed those backing Democrat Alexander Cleveland and those marching for another term of current Republican Benjamin Harrison a safe distance apart. The previous year two of the most zealous from each party had taunted the other during the parade and traded punches afterward.
As the parade kicked off, Rod and Billy started handing out free copies of the Herald to spectators. When Billy bumped into columnist Margaret Hawthorne she snatched a paper from his hands and flipped to page two to see how much of her column Rod had deleted or changed. Her face burned beet red by the time she finished reading what for her was a butchered piece of her precious words. 
The nerve of him! Where is Rod? 
Billy answered with wide eyes and shaking head.
Never mind! Ill find him!
Papers gone, Rod had adjourned to a Bring Your Own Basket picnic held on neutral ground. He avoided picnics hosted by churches, Democrats, Republicans, and fraternal organizations in an effort to win new subscribers by maintaining his appearance of being an Everyman publishing only the best for every reader. As always, a few scoundrels had substituted bottle for basket and were well on their way to drunkenness, their peculiar brand of freedom. Patty interrupted Rods people watching.
Here comes your favorite correspondent.
Paper in one hand and the other clutched to her broad brimmed feathered hat, Margaret barreled onto the Lees blanket. Mr. Lee! She waved the rolled up paper in his face. You left out the pertinent details of Mr. Hoolihans sudden departure from town! Everyone knows that his wife caught him with that floozy Mildred!
Rod ducked the paper. If everyone knows it already, we dont want to be printing old news.
Patty came to his rescue by handing Margaret a piece of her chicken, fried that morning and still warm and dripping with grease. She knew that the only way to shut Margarets mouth was to fill it with food. Besides, the irate writer had arrived at the picnic basketless and looked famished after her long search for her editor/publisher.
Rod used the distraction to sneak behind the bandstand. He sat on the shaded grass, rested his back against the bandstands wooden base, and opened the copy of the Herald he had saved for himself. For the first time he read its contents in a relaxed manner instead of studying it for libel, factual errors, and typos. Pencil in hand, he would mine nuggets from it to include in the novels that he would one day complete, Lord willing and the creek dont rise. This was the only phase of being a publisher that he truly enjoyed. The rest was nerve wracking and sleep depriving. But finding a well-turned phrase, snippet of potential dialog from a quotation, or idiosyncrasy of some citizen of Indiana, Kentucky, or Illinois provided the grist from which he would cobble together the characters of his best sellers. Every week he transferred the literary nuggets to his notebooks labeled Novel Material. He believed that at least ten books lay on his horizon, with at least four or five of them best sellers.
He started with Margarets column. In addition to Mr. Hoolihans sudden disappearance, she had reported on meetings of the International Order of Odd Fellows, German-American Society, Swedish Club, Freemasons, Knights of Columbus, Norwegian Association, and Christian Temperance Union, all of which had planned to march in the parade, which she dutifully mentioned. An adjoining article detailed the comings and goings of various citizens:

A Delightful Day Spent in Evansville

By Margaret Hawthorne, Relative of Dearly Departed Nathaniel Hawthorne

Mr. and Mrs. Lamont Bardot, residents of nearby Newburgh, visited our fair metropolis on Saturday last for a whirlwind day of socializing and shopping. They dined at noon at the home of Mrs. June A. Dubrinsky of Elm Street, widow of the recently deceased Mr. Douglas T. Dubrinsky, who passed from this life to the next in April. Mrs. Dubrinsky provided a resplendent feast of fried chicken, mashed potatoes, gravy, biscuits, steamed carrots, and apple pie for dessert. The failure of her apple pie winning a blue ribbon at last years county fair is an oversight that had best be remedied at this years fair by a more qualified panel of judges.
After a busy afternoon of shopping for Mrs. Bardot at the wonderful stores of our downtown Evanston, the best of which place ads in the wonderful and entertaining pages of this fine publication, she met Mr. Bardot at the library. Mr. Bardot, looking so much the better after a shave and haircut at John Ruckers Barbershop, checked out four books for his vociferous reading habit: The House of Seven Gables by Nathaniel Hawthorne (whom I might add is the inspiration of all of my prose), Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain, The Last of the Mohicans by James Fennimore Cooper, and Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte. Mr. Bardot claims that Tom Sawyer is for his children and Wuthering Heights for his dear wife to peruse. We shall see after I interview him during their next visit to Evansville. 
Mrs. Bardot, resplendent in a new cotton gingham dress bought from Smiths Emporium on Main Street, was then accompanied by her husband to the home of Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Cortez of 1st Ave. They dined on roast pork, sweet potatoes, green beans, and a wonderful chocolate cake fresh from the oven. At least the county fair judges displayed the decency to award a red ribbon for a cake of the same recipe last year. Shortly thereafter, the Bardots departed for their home in Newburgh after a marvelous day spent here in Evanston, the jewel of Indiana.

Rod appreciated the mention of the barbershop and emporium. He circled the names of the businesses as ones to contact concerning possible ads in future editions. He next read an account of a lazy Sunday afternoon:

A Sunday Afternoon Spent Lollygagging About Owensboro, Typical When It Comes to Such Kentucky Cities, I Presume

By Daniel Tibbits, Esq.

Say what you will about Sunday laws, which for all practical purposes inhibit many of our pastimes and passions by prohibiting so many our favorite establishments  be they stores, saloons, racetracks, etc. from operating on the Sabbath. However, they do serve one useful purpose. They force us to slow down the busy pace of our hectic lives in which we race about willy-nilly to and fro in a helter skelter fashion as if our presence is required in more than one place at a time just so the world can continue spinning in its course about the sun instead of drifting off into oblivion. 
For example, the myopia, that is, a certain kind of laziness, induced into my very being by those same laws this Sunday past caused me to venture somewhere I never before in all of my 36 years on this Earth had dared to tread. With no lust of the flesh or lust of the eyes to beset me due to the Sunday laws, I crossed that invisible line that separates the white residents of Owensboro from its colored ones. Just how shall we define the Negro quarters of our fair city?
To the unlearned, uncivilized, uncouth, and unctuous, it is niggertown. To the more urbane, it is the colored section or where the Negroes dwell. Those seeking to please one and all, such as our vociferous, ebullient politicians who lust after our vote, call it nigratown, a hybrid of the vernacular and more acceptable names. Those least willing to offend simply say it is the wrong side of the tracks.
I must confess that my curiosity got the best of me. True, I have daily contact with the colored stable boys at the local racetrack who freely tell me how their particular horse is doing before I place my bets, with the colored porters who load and unload the luggage of my guests at the train depot and my own suitcases on my frequent journeys to the gay and splendid racetracks of Louisville and Lexington, the colored shoeshine boys who frequent downtown, and the colored maids, cooks, and butlers of the wealthier homes I am on occasion allowed to be a guest in. But just how do all of them live when they go home? I had to know.
To answer the burning question that allowed me no slumber, I walked across that invisible line that separates the residents of our town. I must admit that I was greeted with many nervous stares and worried countenances from colored folk who recoiled in fear from me as they sought shelter. They acted as if I were hell-bent on bringing them harm or perhaps carried the bubonic plague on my person. Finally, I encountered a lad who has polished my worn, scuffed boots many a time and transformed them into shining examples of my oft-rumored prosperity. He greeted me as he always has, with a broad smile.
Mr. Tibbits, said he, what you all doing over here instead of over yonder where you stay at?
Just partaking of my usual Sunday stroll, Johnny, answered I.
Mmm, mmm. First time I ever see you strolling down these streets. Onliest time we be seeing white folks like you over here is if one of us is in a heap of trouble or if the white folks be wanting to start trouble against us for no good reason at all. But since I knows its just you, I start to spreading the word you mean us no harm.
With that, he scampered off to calm their fears. After viewing what little there is of the coloreds downtown, I perchanced on a group of elderly men on the porch of a storefront that was shuttered due to the Sunday laws. They were listening to one who appeared the eldest of those assembled. He was raising a mournful wail to the accompaniment of the even eerier sounds made by his guitar. He sang thusly:
Walk right in
Set yourself on down
If you got the jug
I got the thirst
Lets get to passing it
And see who gets happy first
During the instrumental section of the number, another man produced a ghostly sound on his harmonica; a wail I swear could wake the dead if such is possible. Now, I have traveled to New Orleans and heard the sounds of their horns and woodwind bands, to New York and heard the opera, musicals, and symphonic orchestras, and listened to the piano players knocking out every current fashionable tune in more saloons than I have fingers and toes but for the life of me I have never heard such music as I did that day, a music that pierced my soul unlike any other. It was of a nature that caused goose flesh to arise on my arms, an infrequent occurrence for such as I.
Mystified, I had to learn more. When I inquired what they called this strange music, a lively discussion ensued, of which I could listen in on, as I had nothing to add that might perhaps enlighten it. 
That be Delta music. Started out way down Mississippi way, said one.
It be how our ancestors sang back there in Africa, said another. The same rhythms they used.
The old guitar player just smiled. It be all that and more. It be me just explaining life and death and everything that goes on in between by using three chords and this tired old voice is all.
With that I thanked him for an education I had not expected and went on my way.

Rod grimaced. He wondered how many angry readers would write and cancel their subscriptions because of Tibbits slice of life story. He hoped that for every angry supporter of Jim Crow laws that had placed Negroes onto an invisible plantation of life as an inferior class, there had to be another potential reader of the Herald who wondered how Lincolns plans to heal the nation after its worst conflict had been derailed. Perhaps the story would produce a net effect: for every subscriber crossed off of Pattys long mailing list, another would be added. I sure hope so. He finished his root beer and read the next story:

Missionaries from Africa and China 
Highlight 18th Annual 
Missionary Conference

By Leroy Jackson, Deacon, First Baptist Church

It was not a case of Dr. Livingston, I presume, at the recent 18th Annual Missionary Conference held at the Second Baptist Church during the past week. No, the famous English missionary and explorer of Africa was not in attendance, nor was his equally famous finder, Mr. Stanley. Rather, it was Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Murphy from the Congo and Miss Friend, late of China, who thrilled conference goers with their tales of daring-do on continents thus far breeched by few white men and women until now.
Mr. Murphy spoke of their work among the indigenous tribes of the Congo, too many in number to name here, much less remember. (I must confess, dear reader, that he spoke so rapidly as to render my furious note taking somewhat ineffective). Using maps, he showed how the vast nation of his calling stretches all the way from the Atlantic Ocean across Central Africa until it almost touches the Indian Ocean, a land of many tribes and tongues. He told tales of strange beasts encountered during their jungle treks, which require native porters, rifles for protection and machetes to hack through the treacherous snake infested foliage.
One tribe of natives even drew him a picture of beasts they claim frequent the swampy land of the interior. Mr. Murphy produced the picture to great gasps and cries of ahs and ohs. One member of the audience even succumbed to the terror gripping the congregation and fainted dead away at the sight of the ghastly beast. All this distress because the beast closely resembles a dinosaur, leaving one to wonder if two of its ancestors were passengers on Noahs Ark. Mr. Murphy hypothesized that perhaps Noah took two baby dinosaurs, male and female, that resembled the beast in the drawing aboard the ark. He hopes to explore the region described by the natives for two purposes: 1) ascertain if such a beast truly exists, and if so, photograph it and 2) bring the Gospel to the tribes that dwell there, as yet unreached.
Mrs. Murphy gave a lecture for ladies only in which she detailed the strange and sometimes savage practices of the native women in regards to their husbands. I deduce the details were quite vivid because not even my wife of thirty-one years, Mrs. Agatha Jackson (nee Olson), would part with just one of them, despite numerous queries on my part. Being of Scandinavian linage, she said she was taught not to discuss such matters. 
In addition, Miss Friend told of her harrowing just in the nick of time escape from the recent rebellion in China. Her mission was located in the northern region of that vast land when it was beset upon by a murderous marauding and menacing mob carrying banners that read: annihilate the Qing; death to the foreigner! (She explained that the Qing Dynasty in power is quite unpopular). She needed give no explanation that she herself was one of the very foreigners who was the target of the rebels. Her trembling hands and quivering voice alike betrayed that gruesome fact.
She said that she and three fellow missionaries had to abandon their work, which included a school and hospital, when the mob ransacked it. They fled southward to Hong Kong where a gracious English missionary, a Miss Nancy Foxworth, gave them shelter. Miss Friend had met Miss Foxworth previously during the latters travels through the interior of China.
I could not believe the change in her, said Miss Friend. Previously, she had been rather judgmental of our mission and quite smug that it was the British missionaries doing the lions share of the work in China. But when we perchance met again due to the terrifying upheaval, she seemed a changed person. I asked her if she had received a second work of grace, what some call sanctification and others, holiness. She replied most mysteriously about God speaking to Balaam through a donkey and God speaking to her through an English ass named Benjamin. She seemed rather startled that God would speak through one so willing to marry her and yet so unwilling to join her on the mission field. An even deeper bond was formed between us as I shared how several suitors had likewise treated me. I do hope and pray that the strain of her work saving women and children from prostitution and slavery and opium addicts from their pipes has not caused her to experience a nervous breakdown. (Miss Friend graciously let me copy her written text of her talk; thus, the accuracy of her comments is ensured).
By the way, Miss Friend is unable to return to China without a husband, due to her mission boards change of policy that all workers, men and women, must be married. Until she is suitably so attached to a man worthy of her, she is in search of interim employment and lodging. Since our paper reaches into three states, surely there is at least one reader willing to help her and in so doing, help fulfill the Great Commission. Any such should contact me personally by wire in care of the Henderson telegraph office. Miss Friend is currently a guest of our church and I will deliver your telegram(s) personally to her.
In other news, Rev. Gerald A Finklebinder vacated the pulpit of the Lutheran church to take a pastorate in Indianapolis. Rev. Finklebinder said he would continue to receive the Herald via mail to stay abreast of his former members activities, so they best behave or I will report any of their shenanigans in these pages. A vote on who is to fill the vacant pulpit will be held on Thursday at 7 p.m. All members should attend for this important decision.
Finally, congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Michael Nordquist of Morganfield, who celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary last month. They were married in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on June 17, 1842. The couple has six surviving children (three are deceased), 18 grandchildren (four are deceased), and 12 great grandchildren (two are deceased), most of whom gathered at St. Ambrose Catholic Church in nearby Morganfield for a celebration on June 17th. Though Mr. Nordquist and I disagree on matters such as the papacy, we remain friends who agree to disagree.
I finally came to my senses some years back when my editor and publisher told me my writings were in the vein taken by Martin Luther, only much more vitriolic. After looking up and studying the meaning of vitriolic in the dictionary, I consulted my wife as to whether it described me. She nodded yes.

Rod laughed. He remembered stories in which Leroy had substituted the phrase whore of Babylon for papacy. He scribbled a note to praise Leroys restraint when they met again. The next tale of a family displaced by the weather was as dramatic as any story by Dickens, Poe, or one of the Brontes, Rod thought.

The Sorry Saga of the Richmonds

By Mildred Sawyer

It is with great sadness that I report on yet another family first stricken by, and now wholly and unmercifully uprooted by the ever advancing drought that started in the Plains States and has now altered the weather in our region to the point that some claim it has taken on Biblical proportions. No, it is not a family such as those whose wagons are festooned with signs that read In God we trusted, in Kansas we busted that have become common sights for us as they pass our way headed East that I speak of. Rather, it is a local family, Ted and Jane Richmond, native Kentuckians by birth. 
The Richmonds helped to settle this region of Kentucky. Ted was born in a cabin in 1826 near where Marion now sits. Jane was born in a cabin in 1829 near where Clay now sits. Jane told me they never would have met if it had not been for Teds penchant of checking out tales of ghosts in these parts, a phenomenon still present to this very day. 
It seems that as a youngster Ted loved listening to the tales that the oldest Chickasaw, Shawnee, and Cherokee Indians would spin around the fire. They told him that many moons ago before the white man came to these parts a race of giants dwelt here. It was only after many battles that most of them died out. They were the first ones to build the huge burial mounds that are so common throughout the south and Midwest. After the race of giants were no longer a threat, the Chickasaw, Cherokee, and Shawnee tribes would battle over parts of Kentucky but for some strange unknown reason they steered clear of these parts.
When Ted asked why that was so he was told that the remnants and ghosts of the race of giants haunt these parts because these were their original stomping grounds. No one  be they white, colored, or regular-sized Indians  are welcomed as they trespass on the giants sacred ground. One of the oldest Indians, said to be 102 years at the time, told young Ted that a handful of the giants had retreated underground in the many caves of Kentucky. Due to lack of sunshine and fresh air, this tiny band gradually shrunk until instead of standing as high as ten feet tall they only stood seven or eight feet tall. The aged warrior said some giants, few in number, still live in the caves and are spotted only when they climb out to hunt game and forage for wild vegetables and fruits, of which a myriad exist in our fair state.
Being a naturally curious sort, Ted one night visited some of the burial mounds that lay near the Ohio River. Just in case his encounters proved to be too weird and supernatural and not of this earth, he brought along the fastest horse that his pa owned as well as his pas musket. (This was before the present era of our modern weapons, such as the Winchester and Remington repeating rifles. Back then musket users had best hit their target with the first shot or it might be their last).
As Ted recalls it, he arrived at the burial mounds close to midnight, the witching hour in many a land. He was careful not to venture too close to the mounds as the Indians had warned him that doing so was a sacrilege that would result in malignant curses to descend on him. Thus, he contented himself to gaze at the eerie earthen structures from a safe vantage point. A full moon at times penetrated the foggy spring mists swirling around them.
Then he heard it, a low growl unlike any he had before heard from animal, wild or domestic, that produced goose bumps on his arms and made the hair of his head stand straight up in fright. Over to his right about 40 feet distant he saw two glowing greenish yellow eyes that were larger than his mothers dinner plates. Because the glowing orbs hovered 8 feet above the ground, he discerned that they belonged to one of the giants, come to pay his dead ancestors homage where they rested in the mounds. Surely the nearby caves were the hiding place from which the immense creature had emerged. Ted fired at the eyes, which caused them to move ever closer. A quick calculation later, Ted determined the eyes would be upon him before the laborious many steps of reloading of the musket could be accomplished successfully.
His horse had galloped off at the first sound of the nearby beast. Ted now chased after it; not overtaking it until a half mile later when the steed finally halted its fierce hoof beats. As they rode home the horse was spooked yet again and threw Ted to the ground. There he lay with a broken leg until morning when Janes brother found him in great pain. He was brought to their nearby cabin and a doctor fetched. During his stay at the cabin Ted and Jane developed what some call love at first sight, at least that is what Jane declares it was. When her pa and brothers reconnoitered the spot of the mysterious incident thy found what appeared to be panther tracks, the largest ever seen in these parts. They believe it had been perched in a tree, which would explain its eyes being eight feet above the ground.
But Ted was unconvinced then and remains unconvinced to this present day. He returned after his leg healed to explore the caves near the mounds and got lost in one of them. This took place in 1844 and made the front pages of many newspapers as a search party took two days to rescue Ted from the bowels of the cave. I am convinced that Mark Twain, who would have been about nine at the time, either heard or read of Teds misadventure in the cave, which may have given him inspiration for his classic book Tom Sawyer. I plan to write Mr. Twain to inquire of this very matter, as it has become more than wearisome to still hear that I was the inspiration for his novel. 
That is how the couple met, a story as romantic as any other. Now, as to their departure. Unfortunately, the Richmonds cannot make their mortgage payments any longer due to untimely rains and their farm is to be auctioned off this coming Thursday. It is a fine farm capable of growing anything, according to Mr. Richmond. After the sale, the couple plans to move to care for their son Toms farm in Northeastern Kentucky. Tom and his family are moving to New York City to care for his wife Paulas mother. We wish Ted and Jane Richmond Godspeed in their move and pray that the weather does not eventually likewise drive them from their sons land. 
Hopefully, they can spend the sunset years of their lives enjoying their grandchildren. As Ted said, We aint young spry spring chickens any more. Maybe this drought was a blessing in disguise. Farming 640 acres takes it all out of you. My sons place is only 100 acres so maybe we can finally slow down a little. Or as Jane put it: The Lord works in mysterious ways. How Ted and I first got together is proof of that much.

Rod recalled how Mildred had been the most rambunctious of many correspondents. She had even formed a union of sorts for the ten writers a year earlier. Claiming she was the president of the Tri-State Heralds Writers Association, she had threatened Rod with a strike unless he started paying them. After Rod let her examine the papers ledgers, they came to a compromise brokered by Patty. Any net revenue from ads sold by the writers would go to them and any net revenues from ads from businesses referred to Rod would be split fifty/fifty. 
Rod turned the page. Clarence U Browne III had finally pieced data together on last years harvest and livestock production for area farmers. Jasper, the place of his business, had 297 subscribers of the Herald. Its population seemed to remain stagnant in recent years. For every resident who moved away or died, it seemed that one fleeing from the Dakotas, Nebraska, or Kansas decided that Jasper was a good place as any other they might find. Those with cash bought much smaller pieces of land than what they had abandoned. Then they planted enough to live on and waited for the crop prices to rise before raising crops to sell. 
Clarence owned a feed and supply store in Jasper and questioned every farmer who entered it about last years production compared to the year before. He spent months visiting others and asking the same question. Then he transformed their answers into a story he hoped his readers could understand:



Results of Local Farmers Harvests 
and Livestock Production for Last Year
Compared to the Year Before

By Clarence U Browne III

After much interrogation of our area farmers, I have finally come up with some figures about the declining state of agriculture for our county and surrounding areas. I could not confine the data just to our county because some of the farms around here are no respecters of county lines. While my story may sound grim it is nothing compared to the tales related to me by those who have passed through Jasper in search of a refuge from the drought out west or those from there who now call our state home because they decided to travel no further.
After jawboning with 147 people, I came up with these results: (For the record, the county Ag bureau told me my results were not gathered in a scientific manner. So I reckon if you want a different set of numbers you can go talk to them).
Corn production for last year was down 32% from the year before.
Tomato production was down 27%.
Number of piglets and hogs sold was down 15%.
Egg production was down 26%.
Chickens sold were down 14%.
All the other kinds of crops such as grains, etc., were way down but I couldnt seem to come up with an exact change from the year before. The one thing that did increase was sheep and wool production. Recent statistics show that 100 sheep now produce more than 350 sheep once did, due to improved methods of breeding and feeding. Best I could tell sheep and wool production were up at least 30 to 40%.
Number of farms lost to foreclosure was 22, with 15 of them auctioned off at dirt-cheap prices, mostly to folks from the Great Plains. I cant figure out what the banks plan on doing with the ones they got no buyers for and when I talked to the bankers it seemed they dont know neither. Like it or not, were facing a triple whammy of drought, high interest rates, and falling prices for everything we grow or raise. In baseball that would be three strikes and youre out. 
But we farmers are tougher than baseball players. If all of us go under, people are going to starve to death, plain as the nose on the end of your face. Like I said earlier, this all sounds like doom and gloom but we dont got it half as bad as the farms out west, according to one farmer from South Dakota who now lives around here. Heres what he told me, word for word:
It seemed like wed just gotten our place in Dakota to where we could make it when the drought hit us. Looking back, we cant say the good Lord didnt warn us. We were just too busy or stupid to listen. The summer of 1886 was drier than most there in Dakota. Then our cattle started eating everything they could. When their hair got real thick on their hides we shouldve known a hard winter was on the way and built them a barn for shelter but we didnt and lost every single one of them when they froze to death. It was so cold we found some of them dead, standing up like they were statues. Then it seemed like each year that went by we got less and less rain. Our crops just dried up and blew away. We got desperate and hired us a rainmaker. He got us a third of an inch to fall five days after he stopped shooting his cannons at the sky so we paid him but then no more rain came till autumn. Sos we hightailed it out of there last year. We werent headed no place in particular except East but when we came on an auction of a little place just north of Jasper we put in a bid and got it. Its small, just 40 acres, nothing like the 640 acres we had us back there in Dakota. But its land. Were hoping to dig a well deep enough to maybe irrigate the fields til the rains start acting normal around here but we figure the water tables dropped here because of all the small farms in these parts so our wells going to have to go pretty deep. Dakota was drier than a piece of beef jerky thats sat around for two or three years in the sun when we left it. We had to sell all my wifes china and heirlooms and her fancy piano before we left Dakota cause we only got ten cents on the dollar for our land, which we paid for with cash on the barrelhead when we first got there in 1879.
So I guess you could say these days are a like A Tale of Two Cities, except for us, its the worst of times and the not quite so bad of times. Ill have a report from the agricultural college on how to best ride out this funny weather and the increasing pest problem we face in next weeks paper for all of you. We will also detail how to use corncobs as feed for your animals, an overlooked source to stretch your dollars. In the meantime, lets continue to pray for rain in the places that arent getting it and less of it for those whose crops are getting wiped out because of too much of it.

Rod glanced at Audrey Hackenheimers story, which always included a recipe. They only interested him if Patty tried them out and he could taste the end results.

Local People Take Honors at County Fair

By Audrey Hackenheimer

Once again our area ladies proved to be master of the kitchen as evidenced by the following awards they received:
Boysenberry Preserves: Blue Ribbon, Gladys Lucheece; Red Ribbon, Marge Uley; Honorable Mention, Gertrude Efton
Rhubarb Preserves: BR, Jane Driscoll; RR, Audry Lundquist; HM, Selma Murchenson
Strawberry Preserves: BR, Bertha Glockenspieler; RR, Christine Steinway; HM, Laura Olson
Apple Pie: Dorothy Strobel; RR, Eloise Mitchell; HM, Freda Evansdale
Blackberry Pie: BR, Alice Montgomery, RR, Sal Dolby, HM, Beth Hanson
Cherry Pie: BR, Thelma Winkler; RR, Dorothy Lintzner; HM, Mary Vick
Pumpkin Pie: BR, Nancy Dreyfus; RR, Selma Metz; HM, Francine Hoff
Rhubarb Pie: BR, Paula Katz; RR, Trudie Petlowe, HM, Lacy Dillard
Due to space constraints, winners in the bread, cake, cookie, muffin, jam, jelly, beer, wine, fried chicken, ham, sausage, bacon, pork chop, relish, canned vegetables, canned fruits, and other such categories will be announced in next weeks paper to leave room for this weeks recipe:

Maple Walnut Raisin Molasses Cookies

By Gertrude Sweeney

Ingredients:
6 cups sifted flour
1 pound butter
 cup maple syrup
2 cups finely crushed walnuts
2 cups finely chopped raisins
 cup molasses
2 cups firmly packed sugar
4 whole eggs
 tsp baking soda
Preparation:
Preheat oven with roaring fire first. Oak, maple, or other such hardwoods provide the best even radiant heat. After starting fire, place butter in saucepan on top of stove to melt.
In large mixing bowl:
Whisk 4 eggs with metal whisker until foamy and all bubbles have burst.
Add maple syrup and molasses. Whisk until yellow color of egg yolks is no longer visible.
Add sugar. Whisk until granules dissolve.
Add melted butter. Whisk until fat globules make a fine sheen on surface.
Add flour. Whisk until flour is completely saturated and its whiteness disappears. 
Add baking powder. Whisk until at least a dozen bubbles appear. Any fewer bubbles may result in flatbread style cookies!
Spoon cookie dough onto well-greased cookie pans. Use wild fowl, bear or deer grease for exotic flavor or hog or chicken grease for a more domestic taste. Apply grease liberally so its vapors can penetrate cookies during baking and the smells permeate your home.
Bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until they smell done. Be sure to add logs to fire as needed. Temperature variations are the death knell of cookies.
Yield: 2 to 4 dozen, depending on how large your cookie eaters like their cookies. Be sure to thoroughly crush walnuts and chop raisins or those with false teeth will complain about pieces of them lodging in between them and their gums, and demand a toothpick, the most embarrassing nightmare for any who toil daily in the kitchen over a hot stove!

Rods mouth watered. He circled the recipe so that Patty could make a batch. His sudden hunger sent him back to the blanket where his family and Margaret sat eating. Hurriedly, he grabbed a plate and filled it with a drumstick, potato salad, pickle, coleslaw, and baked beans before Margaret could swallow a mouthful from her second plate of food and start lambasting him again. On his way back to the bandstand, he bumped into Stewart Daloy. As usual, Stewart was flirting with the ladies. But he managed a greeting.
Happy Fourth, Rodney. He tipped his hat. I read your correspondents description of Owensboros nigra part of town. Pretty racy reading.
Uh huh.
Hope you dont lose too many readers on account of it. His crooked smile revealed eyeteeth that looked like fangs to Rod. He remembered one of Mildred Sawyers tales about gypsies cursing a local family who thereafter for generations had suffered lycanthropes in their midst. Rod wondered if the Daloys had been Mildreds inspiration.
He settled into his refuge behind the bandstand. Having only read up to page five, he was anxious to finish the paper before the concert would distract his concentration. After wolfing down his meal, he turned to the editions literary piece, which he enjoyed most of all.

The Return

By Samantha Hillsdale

(Editors note: Part 2 of 3 parts. Be sure to tell your friends to read next weeks amazing conclusion to this tale of suspense.)

Hilda ran to the mailbox to see if the long-awaited letter had arrived. Five steps from the oblong metal container, she tripped. Her head landed on a large rounded rock whose roundness ensured that the impact only deprived her of consciousness and that it inflicted nothing in the way of gaping wound or gushing blood.
She lay stunned for a moment. Tiny stars danced about her eyes, welling with tears from the pain rendered by the blow. She closed them in a vain attempt to dispel the dizziness presently consuming her. All went black.
Much has been made of the dream state which some call the dream world. For some, the nocturnal slumbering visions forebode the future with all of its frightening terrors piercing any remaining shred of hope for the days yet to come. For others, dreams relive a painful past as they try to make at last some sort of redemption for past deeds, words, and travails. For Hilda, her unconscious state produced a series of vivid episodes sent to help her understand past, present, and future to help her begin her life anew. And unlike her other dreams, recalled only in fragments, this one she would long remember from start to finish.
At first she found herself transported to a distant land, a strange place where all spoke the German of her grandparents and parents. She could understand the foreign tongue much better than speak it. A fourth generation American, she had concluded there was little need to be fluent in it and used her knowledge of it more to eavesdrop on instead of communicate with those who preferred it over English. That is why she made little attempt to speak with the phantoms.
And what strange phantoms they were. Judging by their manner of dress she thought them to be from centuries past, perhaps the 1500s. One ruffian in particular dominated their conversation:
Tomorrow we march again! shouted he.
Well, that explains the dreadful scar across his face, Hilda thought. He must be a soldier.
Yah! answered one seated nearby. To our deaths no doubt.
What do we care if we die? He pulled his shield from the ground and held it aloft. I fight to protect us from the invaders!
Hilda gasped at the design on the shield. It resembled the family crest that hung above her grandparents mantelpiece in every detail. This caused her to study the scarred warrior more closely. His eyes, nose, mouth, and hair did indeed bear a resemblance to a portrait of a distant forebear that also hung in her grandparents home.
What am I doing in the land of my ancestors? Why am I among you? She tried to draw their attention but all ignored her. No it was more than being shunned. They did not know of her presence. So it is I who am the ghost and not they.
Then, as so often happens in dreams, the scene changed. A large battle raged, one fought with bow, lance, spear, and sword. In its midst she spotted the shield of the man who had sworn himself to victory or death the day prior. She cheered him on as he carried her family crest, the shield protecting him from many a deathly blow.
At first it appeared his army would win the day. Then the enemy launched their cavalry. Knights protected by suits of armor urged their steeds into the enemy lines. Their lances impaled any in their way, including the warrior she knew must be her ancestor.
He died with only a short cry of pain as the lance penetrated his breast. As his blood stained the ground she cried and turned her head away. When she looked back she saw a different scene in a different land.
These soldiers did not seem from so long ago. Their red uniforms and the muskets that they carried bespoke of the previous century. When she noticed that all the officers wore white wigs she took them to be British. But just what battle were they marching off to? Against Napoleon perhaps? Her question was answered when she saw a sign posted at a fork in the road. It read: Philadelphia 27 miles.
But am I a witness to the Revolutionary War or the War of 1812, she wondered. She searched the ranks of marching soldiers for one who might bear a family resemblance. After all, had not the first dream shown her the family crest carried into battle? Surely another forebear must be somewhere in this one.
Not until the army stopped to rest did she focus on individual faces more clearly. She halted in midstep upon hearing one group speaking German. All the rest had spoken English with a distinct British accent. 
These then, must be Hessians. She stepped among them. None paid her heed. Hessians! Perhaps the most hated of all the troops sent to end the American colonists revolt against England. They were Germans hired as mercenaries. Did not they know that the majority of American colonials came from Germany as well?
Once again she witnessed a battle. A group of Hessians were cut off from the main force. Out of ammunition, they surrendered. Hilda followed as the American troops marched them off to a place of confinement. At long last she spied him  one of them looked much like her own father. She moved closer to listen to him speak in German.
I guess this is the end for us, said he.
Oh, stop your complaining. You are always one to worry, Frederick.
At the sound of his name, she awoke. Her mothers face smiled down on her. Oh, Hilda. Thank the good Lord you have at last awoken. The doctor feared that perhaps you would not.
Whatwhat happened, Mother?
In your haste to retrieve the mail, you fell and hit your head. You have slept for two days and nights. Lie still while I fetch you some broth. You must be famished.
Two days?
Yes.
Another day passed before she was able to summon back enough strength to visit her grandparents. Both her mother and father had proven evasive when told of her strange dream. Perhaps her grandparents would prove more forthcoming. She brought along a large wooden pail of her fathers freshly made beer to loosen their tongues and waited until half of the beer had passed down their throats to begin her story.
So, still no letter?
Not yet, Grandmother.
Patience, dear. It will arrive.
While I lay in a stupor, I had the strangest dream. She related it. When she mentioned the shield bearing the family crest, her grandmother paled and made the sign of the cross.
Poltergeist! You were beset by the devil! She sought refuge in her kitchen.
Forgive her, Hilda. She still clings to the old ways. Look at us. She and I speak only German at home and at church. In your home, some English is spoken. By the time of your children, they will speak only English. He used the ladle to fill his stein. So his shield bore our crest? He pointed at his most prized possession that hung above the roaring fire.
Yes, Grandfather.
He tugged at his long gray beard. I seem to remember my father speaking of an ancestor who died in battle during the 100-Years War.
He looked so much like him. Grandfather, why is so little spoken of your father?
He gagged and spit some of the beer back into his stein. Some things are best left unsaid, child.
Hilda then related her dream of the Hessians and their capture. His name was Frederick and he looked like father, said she. That is your fathers name. Was he a Hessian?
Grandfather made the sign of the cross. Grandmother worked the heads of cabbage faster up and down on the oblong wooden box with blades at the bottom. Her furious motions produced shreds of cabbage to be drowned in a vat of salt brine until it fermented and then canned in jars to be enjoyed throughout the long winter months.
Hilda sat; staring at the fire, trying to conjure up the phantoms of her dreams so that Grandpa would not dismiss her as silly or insane. Not one emanated. Waiting for an eternity, she started as Grandpa cleared his throat.
Yes, my father Frederick was a Hessian. I only tell you this because I believe it is God in heaven and not some poltergeist that gave you your dreams. Once again he made the sign of the cross and bowed his head. You must understand the times in Germany back then. It was very tempting for a young man to fight for the British, save his pay as a soldier, and then return home with enough money to buy a farm or start a business. Those were my fathers plans.
Did he never go back to Germany?
No. Once the war ended he was freed and decided to stay here. A kindly German couple hired him to work on their farm. He met my mother and
His explanation inadequate, she interrupted him. But what does it mean?
He reached over and patted her hand. Its quite clear. The dream told you that the fate of your husband to be is that of either my father or that of the more ancient ancestor of ours who carried a shield into battle.
Tears coursed down her cheeks, as she at last knew the fate of her beloved. They were tears of relief and not grief. Grandfather smiled. 
Go home, little treasure. Maybe the letter awaits you.
All the battles had ended  Shiloh, Gettysburg, Vicksburg, Cold Harbor, Shermans march across Georgia. Lee had surrendered to Grant. The only detail that remained for Hilda was the whereabouts of her dear Samuel and whether he yet breathed. She strove not to run the distance back home. No more accidents and dreams, she resolved. When she reached the mailbox, two letters awaited her. One looked official and bore on the return address: Department of the Army.
She tore it open and read that Samuel was not one of those who had died at Andersonville or some other Southern prisoner of war camp. Nor was he one of those buried in one of the graves where other Union casualties lay near Richmond, where he went missing. No, dear Samuel was coming home! She fainted at the news but this time did not strike her head on the rounded rock or any other.
(To be concluded next issue  Editor) 

Quite clever to end it there, Rod thought. He had buried the stories from the three Illinois correspondents in the back pages. Lately it seemed they were getting a tad uppity, especially Dolly Boone. No longer content to boast about myriad genealogical findings of her neighbors, she now implied that Illinois was much superior to neighboring Indiana and Kentucky. After all, she had written, what possible comparison could be made between Indianapolis or Lexington and Chicago or East St. Louis?



A Local Residents Contributions 
to the Coming Chicagos Worlds 
Fair of 1893

By Dolly Boone, Distant Relative of Famous Explorer Daniel Boone

Mr. Alberto L Franchetti is one of the estimated 65,000 exhibit managers who are in the final stages of preparation for the Chicago Worlds Fair to be held from May 1 to Oct. 31, 1893. He journeyed to the 633-acre site by Lake Michigan and paid the 25 cents admission to join thousands of other onlookers in watching the 40,000 artisans, craftsmen, and laborers at work on the buildings, elevated and electric train tracks, streets, sidewalks, and waterways being constructed. It is magnificent to behold, even in its uncompleted state! he marveled upon his return. 
He gave me a preliminary map of the fair. At the north end are the states exhibits, of which I counted 39. It appears that the one for Illinois is the largest, greater in size than those of Kentucky and Indiana combined. Next to them are art galleries and buildings for countries such as Germany, Spain, Canada, Norway, Costa Rica, Siam, East Indies, Haiti, Sweden, and Brazil. Dispersed throughout the grounds are huge ponds and lagoons, replete with wooded islands. Vast buildings devoted to horticulture, music, mines, electricity, machinery, agriculture, fisheries, leather, forestry, dairy and anthropology are being built. The entire southern end of the fair is devoted to a large livestock exhibit. A Midway Plaisance juts from the middle of the fairgrounds into the heart of Chicago and a pier into Lake Michigan.
You may rest assured, dear reader that I personally will visit and write of the fair even if my poor publisher is unable to pay my expenses when he once again pleads poverty. He is so typical of other Hoosiers, tightfisted and conservative, a stark contrast to the liberal and progressive citizens of Illinois.

Rod chuckled at her description of Hoosiers. He had left it in to generate letters to the editor. Claude Mitchell dedicated his piece to veterans.

A Salute to Those Who Wore the Blue and the Gray

By Claude Mitchell

Although the last shots of Civil War were fired 37 years ago, the Battle of Shiloh is worth the retelling. Below is an account of it by one served in the Confederate States Army.
The Day They Took Dixie Down

By Leland Simpson, late of the Alabama Regular Volunteers (CSA)

Some says that Gettysburg was the turning point of the war but those of us who fought at Shiloh know different. That was the battle when that old drunk General Grant drove a knife into the heart of Dixie.
The Union had 66,000 soldiers against our 44,000 so youd think they wouldve rolled right on over us but we won the first day and if things had gone a little different we would have won the second day, too. It all started when we holed up in Hardin County Tennessee in springtime 1862. Then in April Grant moved his army, led by Generals Hurlbut, Sherman, Prentiss, Lew Wallace, Mclernand, and W. Wallace that way. On our side were Generals Johnston, Polk, Beauregard, Bragg, Hardee and Breckinridge.
We attacked them on April 6 early in the morning and surprised the daylights out of them Yankees. They fell back for miles. We advanced so quick that Gen. Lew Wallaces division wound up behind us! If he had just gone ahead and attacked us from the rear we wouldve been surrounded and beat by them the first day. But Gen. Grant ordered him back up to Pittsburgh Landing instead. Poor Old Gen. Wallace obeyed but didnt get there till almost dark. So Grant blamed Wallace and wrecked his military career. At least Grant couldnt keep Wallace from writing Ben Hur later on, a mighty fine book.
All that night our ears were tortured by the wounded and dying crying out where they lay between our two armies. I never heard so many men calling out for their mamas and God before or since. We spent the night in the deserted Union camps and had us thousands of captured Yankees on our hands. But by morning on the 7th, Gen. Buell showed up with 15,000 more troops, which our generals did not know a lick about at all.
So the Yankees attacked us that morning. We fought back till afternoon when our ammunition began to run on out. Gen Beauregard ordered us back to Corinth. I was part of the ones who covered our troops. They fell back and I caught some shrapnel in my legs from a Yankee cannon along about sundown. Lucky for us, Grant halted his advance about then. Just a few skirmishes took place on the 8th. We had been whooped bad.
Even the Yankee papers said Grant was drunk during the Battle of Shiloh. If you dont believe it, you can take it up with them. All told, number wise we won. There were almost 1,800 dead Yankees, more than 8,000 wounded, and about 3,000 captured or missing. Our side suffered 1,728 killed, 8,012 wounded, but only 959 captured or missing. That last category speaks of the courage of us rebels. All we had was pistols, muskets, rifles and shotguns used for hunting, and not very many Enfields. But for every one of us captured or missing, there were three Yankees captured or missing. That should tell you that instead of becoming prisoners or running away, us rebels fought and died. It was a terrible price. After Shiloh, deep inside lots of us knew the Yankees were going to win in the long run. And they did. Sometimes I wonder how I survived that war.

There you have it, a firsthand account from the Confederate side of our bloodiest war. Next week Ill give an account of my experience at Gettysburg  C. Mitchell.

Rod thought back to the carnage he had seen in Egypt. Band members setting up chairs and tuning up told him only minutes remained to read the last story.

Seven Days Spent with a Genuine Rainmaker

By Vance Dulrooney

Much has been written about the drought currently afflicting our great land but little about that strange breed of men who spend their lives seeking to end it  the rainmakers. Herewith I endeavor to remedy that shortcoming.
As is so often the case, I learned of these practitioners by reading of their exploits in the St. Louis paper to which I subscribe. The stories cast a somewhat dubious pall on rainmakers, however. Being a reporter myself, I could not wait until I, too, had investigated them. So, at my own expense, I trekked westward in search of one. (If any of our local businesses would care to place an ad in our fine paper, the commissions earned by me would help offset those expenses).
To reach my destination, I journeyed by train to Omaha, Nebraska. The mood there was glum. Stores were shuttered and homes abandoned. The volume of crops and livestock transported to and from Omaha had shrunk to a very small level as the state sweltered through its sixth consecutive year of unrelenting drought. I had hoped to catch a rainmaker in Nebraskas largest city but none was to be found. Finally one old grizzled man who appeared to be 100 gave me direction.
Aint that many farms left in Nebraska or Kansas anymore, said he. But the droughts spreading north, east, and south now. The rainmakers I saw passing this way was either heading to the Dakotas or Texas. The Iowa farmers are too stubborn and not desperate enough to be hiring rainmakers just yet.
I thanked him and took a train toward Sioux Falls, South Dakota. I had almost reached the point where South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa all intersect one another when I saw a wagon on the road parallel to the train tracks. The train was traveling at such a pace that the only word I could ascertain on the wagons wooden side was Rainmaker. I immediately jumped from my seat yelling Eureka! which brought the conductor to my side. He was unwilling to stop the train so I had to wait until the next stop to disembark. Not wanting to lose my quarry, I started south on the road upon which I had seen the wagon heading north, praying with every step that the long sought after rainmaker had not turned either east or west. Three hours later I met the wagon. By then I myself was in need of rain or at the very least, a drink. The proprietor of the rainmaking operation, a Professor Wilbur I. Lacey, was impressed by my determination to find him.
He took me aboard his wagon and handed me a bottle. That contains some of the rain from my last successful attempt, said he. He then rapped on the wagons front panel and yelled through a small opening. Sister Evangeline, please come out so that Brother Vance may lay inside to rejuvenate himself.
A moment later a beautiful young woman appeared on the wagons top and slid from it to the seat. I must confess I was smitten by her. 
Praise the Lord, Brother Vance! She grabbed my hand. Ive been praying all day that the Lord would send us a supporter. You are the answer to my prayers.
When her body began to shake and my hand and then arm as well, I pulled my hand from hers and scrambled atop the wagon and carefully made my way to the back and somehow lowered myself through the back door without falling to the ground. Prof. Lacey had said that he could only stop when there was water available for his two horses, otherwise they would be reluctant to start their labor of hauling the wagon again. Exhausted, I fell into a slumber but not before hearing the rainmaker and evangelist share their concerns that it had been weeks since a successful endeavor but perhaps having a newsman from Illinois with then would increase their marketability. I wondered if she was perhaps a descendant of the Quakers or Shakers, which would account for her body convulsing as she shook my hand.
Upon arriving at the next town, Prof. Lacey immediately went to work tacking handbills about town. They read:
Professor Laceys and Sister Evangelines

Traveling Rainmaking Extravaganza

***Tonight, 7 p.m.***

North End of Town

The professor will speak on how he 
uses science and Sister Evangeline 
will preach on how she uses prayer

TO OPEN THE HEAVENS FOR RAIN!!!!

The crowd the first evening was sparse, fifteen at most. The professor promised rain with 10 days for a fee of $500, payable upon at least  inch of rain. When he was met with a chorus of grumbles and curses, he calmed their misgivings. 
I understand that times are hard. I require your help as much as you need mine. Please, visit the farmers from the surrounding area. If you can muster fifty total from the farms and your town then it is a mere $10 each. I know that the towns wells are almost depleted because when I asked for a glass of water with my evening meal, I was charged 15 cents for it! Water has become more valuable than gold in this region.
The crowd grew less hostile as it murmured and nodded.
As a gesture of goodwill, I will now distribute to each of you gathered here tonight a bottle filled to the brim with rainwater from my last successful attempt in Madison!
As he distributed the bottles, he urged them to wait until Sister Evangeline had blessed them.
I promise her talk will be no more than five minutes, said he. She is neither longwinded or insincere, common traits of too many who fill the pulpits of our land.
With that, Sister Evangeline appeared from the trailer. Her face radiant, dressed in a flowing white gown, and twirling a tambourine that she used to punctuate her sentences, she was the picture of beauty and energy. The crowd became mesmerized, entranced. 
Praise the Lord! While I prayed this evening, I saw in a vision from heaven a dark cloud hanging above this region. No, it was not the type of cloud that brings rains and life. It was a symbol of the darkness of your sins that even now keep the rains from falling on the parched earth on which you stand!
She pointed at the one who had surged forward closest to her, his tongue dangling from his mouth. He recoiled as if she had shot him with a Colt .44 revolver. Ashamed of the lust that his leering gaze toward the maiden had revealed, he fell to his knees and began to wail. Forgive me, Lord! Im a sinner! he cried over and over.
I have yet to meet any man who is not one so I thought his travails to be genuine. 
That is what I mean! Sister Evangeline shouted. If all of you will likewise repent and place your faith in Gods humble servant, Prof. Lacey, then I guarantee that before the allotted period, rain will fall!
She went on to quote Scriptures on how drought is caused by peoples wicked ways. Judging by the number of scantily clad dance hall gals I encountered during my brief visit to the local saloon, this town had its share of evil ways. She brought the crowd forward to hold their bottles of rainwater aloft for her blessing. Then she admonished them a final time. Please, for my sake as well as your own, return tomorrow night with five or more of your neighbors. Let the doubters taste some of your blessed rainwater if they waver.
Startled by the unheard of uniting scientific lectures and old time camp meeting revival into one, I later sat with the professor, who proved quite forthcoming. I must confess his use of Sister Evangeline had brought out the cynic in me and I began to wonder if the two were just a part of a confidence scam.
Neither Sister Evangeline or I tasted much success until we joined together, said the professor. I had traveled the Midwest as a Medicine Show for 16 years when the drought caused me to move further west and take up rainmaking. I did so after learning all I could from another rainmaker. When he tired of the constant travel and occasional tar and featherings he suffered when he failed, he sold me his equipment and secrets. I met Sister Evangeline in south Kansas two years back. She was playing a pump organ for her father, an itinerant preacher. Have you heard of love at first sight?
Yes.
It was for me. Her father only gave his consent if he was allowed to marry us and so he did.
My mouth fell agape. So she believes what she preaches? It is not an act?
Yes, she believes every word. Laughing at my stunned silence, he said, I confess that I am just one of the sinners that she and her father both rail about. Nor do I understand all of what she says and does. But because of the holiness of her ways, I made her a part of my rainmaking. Believe it or not, my success rate has more than doubled since then. 
The next morning, he was nowhere to be found. Sister Evangeline explained that he had gone off in search of an Indian at her urging. She then spent the day calling on the areas five churches to reassure the pastors of her sincere intentions. Three of them were convinced enough to spread the word of their approval of her to their flocks. Another chased her from his church with epithets of Jezebel! and Whore of Babylon! I stepped between them to end the uncalled for tirade. The last asked if she were married. Disappointed by her answer, he asked if she had any sisters.
The crowd at that nights meeting swelled to more than 100. The professor arrived out of breath at the last moment, a Sioux Indian in tow, who became the centerpiece of Sister Evangelines talk. She claimed that the white mans treatment of the red man was worse than it had been of the black man and that the drought was Gods curse on this region because of it. The Indian, replete in full headdress and loincloths, stood stoic. She finally asked for those in the crowd to ask him for forgiveness. I was stunned. I must confess that the placing of Indians on reservations after the breaking of our treaties has long bothered me. I was even more stunned when a child of 6 or 7 stepped forward.
Im sorry, said she to the Indian.
A tear rolled down his cheek as he handed her a piece of jewelry from the pouch about his waist. The scene caused other tears to fall from audience members. Sister Evangeline then said that to ensure success of the professors endeavors, the Sioux would now perform a rain dance. She accompanied him on the small Tom-tom drum he had brought along. Afterwards, the professor called for a lawyer or judge to come forward and study the document he held aloft. A lawyer did so and said the contract was binding only if  half inch of rain fell within ten days. A total of 62 came forward to sign it.
The next day the professor moved his wagon to the highest hill in those parts and set up 17 metal cylinders from which he fired unknown substances into the atmosphere. When I asked what they were, he demurred, saying that to reveal them was akin to a magician revealing his illusions. I tarried there for 5 more days as he continued to fire his materials heavenward until slightly more than  inch of rain did fall. The professor and Evangeline placed 8 dozen or so empty glass containers out to catch the precious liquid, which they planned to offer as proof at their next stop. They took turns positioning the containers under downspouts to hasten their filling. It was with great reluctance that I departed company with them.

Rod folded the paper until it fit into his back pocket just as the bands rendition of a John Phillip Souza march reached the end of the first stanza. After winding through the crowd in front of the bandstand, he found his family.
Margaret said she was off to interview the mayor, Patty said.
He inhaled deeply and sighed with relief. Placing his head on Pattys soft lap, he enjoyed the music and waited for the days grand finale  a display of the latest pyrotechnics, all imported from China.


12
Benjamin and Mais departure was delayed for five weeks by her fathers insistence that they wait for a suitcase of samples from his factory. His workers labored hard to produce what he considered perfect examples of his exports to drum up business in England. Finally, the couple bid farewell.
Dont tarry too long in Australia, Tommy said.
Just a quick second honeymoon is all. Benjamin promised as he pointed at the throng surrounding Mai. And I thought we English said long goodbyes. Maybe Ill look up that ex-convict Johnny Brisbane down there in Perth.
***
The first batch of British convicts had arrived in Australia in January 1788. The fleet of nine ships suffered only forty-eight deaths during the ten-month, 8,000-mile voyage. This toll was minimal, considering that the cargo was prisoners. The commander of the fleet, Captain Arthur Phillip of the Royal Navy, became Captain General and Governor in Chief of New South Wales.
The newly arrived British, free and convict, soon learned that he suffered no fools as he dispensed justice blindly. Stealing food was the most prevalent crime in the yet undeveloped land. The first one executed was a convict, the second a marine who had stolen food. Chain gangs and floggings awaited those guilty of lesser crimes. Such justice was typical. Capital offences were steadily being added to English law until by 1819 they would reach 227 crimes punishable by death. Commuting sentences for such crimes to transportation, the euphemism used to describe being banished to an isolated, unsettled colony halfway around the world, became accepted practice.
However, transportation could prove just as deadly as a hangmans noose at the public square back in England. When a contracted firms fleet of slave ships arrived in 1790, only 733 of 1,000 convicts had survived the voyage. Dozens more died shortly after landing. The contract paid the slavers a little less than eighteen pounds per convict, whether delivered sick or alive or buried at sea, so they had little motivation to prevent the malnutrition, disease, and lice inflicted on their cargo.
The number arriving rose and fell, depending on Englands distraction with wars. After winning the Napoleonic Wars and losing the War of 1812, Britain sent 909 convicts to the land down under in 1815 and 2,376 in 1818. Then around 1,600 were transported each year until 1825.
Eventually, none of Australias colonies except Western Australia accepted convicts unconditionally. But even Western Australia soon proved fussy and demanded that any convicts sent there be neither too wicked or good. Early on during transportation of convicts those considered good middle class offenders had been able to assume governmental jobs. One such became an executioner.
Most of the convicts served out their sentences and moved on to lives as laborers, barmaids, settlers, domestic servants, or business owners. In all, during the eighty years of the practice, more than 165,000 convicts, 50,000 of them Irish, were banished to Australia, creating a population of risk takers, those hoping to get rich quickly. Because only one in five of the convicts were women, the male convicts had a hard time finding wives, such as Johnny Brisbane.
In 1814, convicts building a road to Bathhurst reportedly found the first gold in the penal colony. The longest of the bonanzas, the Victorian Gold Rush ran from 1851 to 1868. Ex-convict Johnny Brisbane joined in that one after finishing his sentence in 1856. He was typical of many convicts transported to Australia  not too skillful at his chosen trade of crime. Now 63, Johnny still dreamed of striking it rich before he died. To do so, he needed a partner to help with the intense labor of prospecting. 
So he was pleased when Benjamin found him in Perth. After a week of trying to convince the honeymooner that gold was waiting for them, Johnny gave up. But the morning of the eighth day of the second honeymoon, what appeared to be a madman brought news, good for a few, deadly for others. 
Gold! They found gold! He waved the telegram he was delivering to one of Perths newspapers. 
A crowd, including Johnny and Benjamin, rapidly gathered in front of the newspapers office. Within ten minutes a copy boy came out to read the soon to be printed front-page story of an extra edition.
Yesterday, prospectors brought 554 ounces of gold into South Cross
Johnny grabbed Benjamins arm. Lets go.
Dont you want to hear the rest of the story?
Now that I know whereabouts the gold is, theres no time left to lose. Come on.
How far away is South Cross?
About 230 miles east of here. Johnny smiled. He knew that anyone asking the distance to someplace was considering going there.

Mai did not share Benjamins sudden change of heart. I have uncle come Australia for gold before. He return Hong Kong poor, no gold.
Thats because Chinese are chased away from the good spots, Johnny said. Me and Ben have no such worry.
I go too?
Thats up to Johnny. Benjamins eyes begged his new boss.
Sure. The women I saw in my last gold rush made good money cooking and washing for the miners.
A group of Afghans had imported camels to Perth when they learned of the earlier gold finds in Western Australia but the need had only been sporadic for their services. Overnight, demand outstripped supply. Within a day the unlikely band of prospectors joined a camel train trekking across the desert toward South Cross. They paid a shilling each to the Afghan camel drivers to have their supplies carried and to receive a ration of a gallon of water each daily. The need for the water increased as semi desert became full-blown desert with little vegetation or wildlife. Johnny rejoiced when they parted company at South Cross.
A shilling a day! He pulled out his pants pockets to reveal his depleted funds. We best find some gold quick!
We had no choice, Benjamin said. Those miles and miles of nothing but sand are the camels cup of tea. Those bullock carts we passed are still nowhere to be seen. We beat them here!
They arrived early enough to find some of the alluvial gold that had been deposited on the surface by water that had dried up long ago. Soon the best deposits lay beneath the surface. Miners banded together to dig shafts as deep as thirty feet, which sometimes collapsed and killed those unable to scramble out or be dug up quickly enough. As the weeks became months, the number of newly arrived miners overwhelmed the few natural water supplies. Rumors spread of a pipeline being built to carry water from the coast to the goldfields.
Is too late if wait until one is thirsty to dig well, Mai uttered a proverb she had heard as a child. Her words rang true when the trio stumbled on a band of prospectors who had ventured too far in search of gold. Two of them lay dead as Johnny led the way into their camp.
Thank God you found us! One of the two survivors croaked through blistered lips. Another day and wed be dead too.
After drinking his first water in two days, his companion reverted to the delirious world of heat stroke. Take my gold, will you? Damn you to hell! Hey, Keithwhere are you?
Right here, Pete.
Were rich, huh Keith? When we going home to California?
Soon, Pete. Real soon.
He died shortly after sundown. After a funeral for the three dead miners, Johnny questioned the lone survivor. How did you end up way out here?
We were only finding a quarter ounce of gold a day between the four of us down at the mining camps so we decided to strike out here on our own.
Did you take a guide?
Only the two Aussies you buried. They claimed they knew the outback. Pete was American like me.
Why didnt you use one of the Aborigines as a guide? Theyre the only ones who really know where water is out here.
The Aussies didnt like them. They thought they could be the guides. The second night out some bushrangers came to our camp and took what little gold we had and all our water. So we started to head back to the nearest water but got lost. I stayed with Pete when he couldnt go no further. We watched the other two die.
His tale convinced them of the folly of seeking gold too far from water. On the journey to deliver Keith to South Cross, the slowly recovering miner spun tales of better days. I went to the California Gold Rush when I was fourteen. It was heaven compared to this. Rivers and streams were everywhere. But it was like here in one way.
Hows that?
When the alluvial gold couldnt be found any more, we started digging shafts. Just like here. Then the mining companies moved in. Keith offered one of his saviors a word of advice. That woman of yours is worth more than gold, Ben. I can tell by the way she smiles at you. Get yourself back to London before one or both of you end up like me, crazy for gold or you lose her to the desert. Keith was my best friend. You saw what happened to him.
A day later Benjamin and Mai said goodbye to Johnny, who stayed with Keith. Close in age and addicted to the life of a prospector, they still held out hope for a large enough find on which they could retire.
When Mai and Benjamin reached Perth in January 1893 they barely recognized it. New hotels, saloons, and stores had been thrown up to serve t outsiders, prospectors invading Western Australia, 4,500 in 1892 and 5,000 more in 1893. They would discover more disease and death than gold in mining camps plagued by dysentery, whooping cough, measles, scarlet fever, and typhoid.
As had happened in Californias gold rush and would occur later during the Yukon Gold Rush in Alaska and Canada, the ones supplying the miners with goods and services prospered greatly during Australias last great gold rush. At least the gold Mai had earned by doing laundry and cooking paid for two second-class tickets from Perth to London.


13
Rod first sensed bad times ahead when the ad space steadily shrunk in the Herald. The first expense businesses cut is advertising. His father had warned. When the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad went bankrupt on February 23, 1893 investors began to unload their railroad stocks. By May, the Panic of 1893 made headlines in papers across the nation. 
I guess my advertisers saw the handwriting on the wall, Rod said over and over, mostly to himself. 
Considered to be a safe investment, railroad companies using risky bank financing had overbuilt until the inevitable collapse. Much as t outsiders had flocked to Western Australia in search of gold, nervous American investors ignited a run on American gold until the gold reserves fell to less than $80 million. Then the dominoes fell one by one. Over one-third of the railroad companies went bankrupt. Six hundred banks folded as anxious depositors withdrew their money. Thousands of businesses dependent on railroads or their passengers as customers closed. Other businesses went under as customers bought only essential items. 
Even the once thriving economy of Evansville reeled. While it almost doubled in population from 1880 to 1892, Evansville would grow by about one-third from 1892 to 1910. Nationwide, unemployment jumped from three percent in 1892 to fifteen percent by 1894. Violent strikes shut down factories, mines, and railroads. Farmers, especially wheat and cotton growers watched prices for their crops plummet. The turmoil drove Rod to write his first editorial.

What Went Wrong

By Rod Lee

Our nation seems to have lost its way because too many of its people have lost their roots. It used to be that one moved away from home because of the lure of the big city. Such fools gold took me from these parts to spend years in Chicago, New York, and Alexandria and Cairo, Egypt. Divine Providence brought me home.
But now my wanderlust has become the norm. Once farms and homes were passed down from generation to generation so that the children who moved away always had an anchor to return to for at least a visit or family reunion with the heirs of the farm or homestead. But the drought of the last seven years has caused too many to abandon their farms. Now the current economic crisis threatens our land with a depression that will cause a further loss of employment, farm, and home. This will create an even greater dispersal of families. 
As an owner of a business, I have felt the consequences for some time now. Businesses who once advertised in these pages tell me they no longer can afford to do so. We will try to continue to publish if able.
What is the root cause of our problems? Too much speculation and risk taking by the railroads? Too little acceptance that some parts of our nation are not suited for farming? Too many risky loans given by the banks? Ill leave it to the reader to decide. In the meantime, I hope that our nations progress does not further rob its families of their roots, a place to always call home. Without roots, we will become a shiftless people.

The Herald had not only lost advertisers but also subscribers and correspondents. After an editor read The Return, she published it in her Chicago magazine. Soon Samantha Hillsdales short stories and poems were appearing in New York magazines. It had been the surprise ending of The Return that launched her success. Not until the storys last paragraph did readers learn that Hildas fianc was returning to her from the Civil War in a coffin.
Many had subscribed to the Herald solely because of her contributions. Subscriptions fell faster than advertisements. Also missing from the Heralds pages were stories by Daniel Tibbits and Vance Dulrooney. Daniel had become a pariah to many after his story of his Sunday excursion into the poor side of town appeared. Friendships ended and social invitations dried up until he felt abandoned. Hoping to start over, he moved to Louisville and its racetrack. The economys downturn meant that no businesses came forward to underwrite Vances expenses incurred during his rainmaker finding expedition to Nebraska. As a result, his wife nagged him until he resigned from the Herald. He now spent his days investigating the inventions and claims of Edison, Tesla, and Bell and reading novels by Jules Verne, Nathaniel Hawthorne, and Edgar Allen Poe.
Its all been downhill since last Fourths edition, Rod told Patty. That was our best one ever. Maybe its time to give up the ghost.
By Easter Sunday in the first week of April, he knew the paper as terminally ill and needed a miracle such as the one churchgoers celebrated that day. He glumly listened to the pastors sermon on Christs death and resurrection from the dead and the choirs rendition of selections from Handels Messiah. Afterward he took his family to Mrs. Olsons boarding house for the traditional Easter dinner with mother-in-law. Although Patty visited her mother there at least twice a month, Rod only joined her on Easter, Christmas, and Thanksgiving because the turnover of the boarders due to death depressed him as it made him confront his own mortality. As usual, the first shift of diners was ending their meal as the Lees arrived.
Looks like the companys here. The curmudgeon of the home announced. Time for us to move.
Youre moving? The one hardest of hearing asked. Where to?
Shut up, you old geezer. He shouted back. Its time to move to the parlor for our card game.
The hearing-impaired gentleman and two ladies followed the master of ceremonies for an afternoon of bridge and conversation. As always, Mrs. Olson prepared a feast: roast ham topped with brown sugar and raisins, sweet potatoes, green beans, corn, rolls topped with butter and apricot, strawberry or rhubarb preserves, and apple pie for dessert. She chided Rod for not enjoying it.
Youre just poking at your food. Whats wrong? She asked.
I cant get my mind off of this panic or depression or whatever it is.
Dont you fret. Now that we have President Cleveland back in the White House, things will be fine again.
Excusing himself before dessert, Rod left for a walk so that Mrs. Pierson could visit with Patty and her grandchildren. Billy tagged along. Nine blocks from the boarding house, a familiar voice boomed from an upstairs window of a large mansion.
I do declare! Stewart Daloy yelled down at them. Hide the women and money! Its the Lee Brothers come to shoot up Evansville!
Rod accepted an invitation to come inside out of hopes that a visit with Stewart would consume enough time so that Patty would be ready to leave for home when they returned to the boarding house. Once they were inside, Stewart offered them leftovers from his Easter feast.
Lamb and roast beef! Billy marveled at the more expensive meats than what usually adorned tables on this Sunday every year. You must be rich, Mr. Daloy. Everybody else just eats pig. And the place we ate only had a little ham sos Im still hungry. Can I make me a sandwich?
Stewart patted him on the back. Help yourself, Billy. Rod and Ill go sit in the parlor.
Billy sat down and pulled the platters of meat in front of him. Not wanting to offend his host, he piled thick slices of beef and lamb on a slice of bread, topped them with mustard and pickles and another piece of bread. Wondering about his lack of company, he turned and yelled into the parlor. Wheres your family, Stewart?
Out back for the egg hunt. Go join them, Billy.
Oh, boy!
Stewart sat in his favorite chair and pulled a fat cigar from the ornate jewel-studded box on the bookstand. He sniffed it and licked the tobacco leafs jagged edge before lighting it. Rod thought his regal manner was not affected but a genuine display. He declined the offer of a cigar.
Getting a mite lean these days. Stewart picked up his copy of last weeks Herald. 
Yeah. Business is down.
Tell me about it. Its getting harder to get campaign donations all the time. He pointed the smoking cigar at Rod. You know whos to blame?
No.
The Rothschilds. Those daggum Jews control the banks in Europe. Now theyre going after our banks, too. Jews can never lay their dirty hands on enough money. They sniff it out with their big fat noses.
Oh? Rod had not heard Stewart talk of international matters before. The hatred, usually reserved for Republicans, Negroes, and Catholics, was all too familiar.
Yes, indeed. Its a conspiracy.
Everythings a conspiracy with you.
Stewart educated Rod on an elaborate conspiracy that now includes some of the richest men in America. He bemoaned how their greed had let them be manipulated into an unholy alliance with Jews. Seeing that he was losing his guests interest, Stewart switched topics as he lit a second cigar. I could drum up some business for your paper, Rod. Of course, Id need your endorsement in my run for office in the next election.
I stay out of politics. Maybe the Courier can help you out.
Sorry to hear that. Theres already been two or three papers from these parts fold up because of the depression.
Rod thanked him and fetched Billy from the back yard, who now carried a basket, filled with candy and brightly colored hard-boiled eggs. Billy shared its contents with nephew and niece during the long wagon ride home. Once there, Rod retreated to his office. Patty joined him after putting eight-month-old Stanley to bed.
Still worried about things? You cant let it ruin Easter.
Rod sighed. At least the paper had one year of making a profit. I think its time to put out our last issue. I can see the headline, now. His hands held up an imaginary front page. 1893 Panic Kills Tri-State Herald.

14
A pile of letters, each more urgent than the last, awaited Mai and Benjamin when they arrived in London.
I didnt read the letters but had to read the telegram to see if you were all right when you did not show up on schedule. The old woman handed the telegram to Benjamin.
Thats all right, Aunt Bessie. He scanned the telegram. Its just Tommy with his trousers in a knot wondering why we havent replied to him yet. Sorry I did not inform you of our side excursion there in Australia. It was unplanned. He set the suitcase down and hugged his favorite aunt. Were obliged to you for taking us in.
She kissed his cheek. Its the very least I could do for an ex-soldier of the Queen. And this is your wife? Isnt she just beautiful?
Benjamin was thankful not just for her hospitality. Of all his family relations, immediate and distant, she was the least concerned with her nephews marriage to a Chinese. It would be years before any of the rest grew to be as gracious, won over by Mais radiant spirit. He read the correspondence as Aunt Bessie and Mai checked on the kidney pie baking in the kitchen. 

Oct 15, 1892
Dear Bennie:
Well, its been almost seven weeks since you left Hong Kong. Zhu-ting figures you spent about a week in Perth. Another couple weeks to sail up through the Suez Canal and on to London means youre settled now, right? Hes wondering how many orders youve lined up and what the address of the warehouse youve leased is so we can ship them off.
 Tommy
 
Nov. 2, 1892
Ben:
Word has reached us of the gold find in Australia. Zhu-ting is worried that you are still there hunting for gold. I told him such is not possible, that you are there in London. Please say that you are, Ben. Hes getting angrier by the day and threatening to send his goods to England through his old channels. We dont want that so please write us soon.
Tommy

December 10, 1892
Benjamin:
I dont know how to tell you this but Zhu-tings on a boat headed for Perth, madder than a wet hen. He went ahead and shipped the warehouses entire inventory off to England to his old importer. Then he got rid of all the factory workers and shut down the factory. Hell be landing there in Perth within weeks end. Im afraid of what hell do when he finds you. I warned him that if theres any violence hell end up an inmate there for life but you know how hotheaded he can be.
 Tommy

A week after their arrival in London another letter arrived. 
January 16, 1893
Ben:
Mais letter that she sent off from Perth arrived so at least now we know what happened to you two these last months. Sorry to hear that you did not find your pot of gold. She said you were off to London the same day she sent the letter so I know you must be in London by now. Im certain she would have made mention if Zhu-ting had found you there in Perth. Now I fear that perhaps hes off looking for gold too. He took along a brother who was in an earlier gold rush there. Youd best sort the tommyrot surrounding your end of the bargain out soon. Please?
Tommy

Another telegram arrived the same day.
To: Benjamin Worthington, care of Miss Bessie Worthington, 312 Blighton Road
Emergency STOP Reply immediately STOP
Tommy

Benjamin immediately telegraphed Johnny. A costly process for which he paid by the word, the telegram was as cryptic as brief:

To: Tommy Lancanshire, British Army
Arrived London STOP Will wait until SFDs instructions before proceeding STOP

If Hong Kong was the best example of all things English in the colonies of the British Empire, then London was the best example of a city, good and bad, at the end of the Nineteenth Century. With four million people, it was the worlds largest. Benjamin dodged them as he walked home from the telegraph office.
While not as stratified as Indias caste system, England had a class system represented by ones dress, manners, speech, and occupation. Above all else, it was most improper to act above or below ones class. Most of Englands population was lower class, those who did physical labor. The middle class toiled at jobs that did not dirty their hands. The upper class lived off of investments, inheritances, and income from renting out land to lower class farmers. 
Formerly an agrarian people, seventy percent of Englands population now lived crowded together in cities where disease spread quickly. With coal used as the primary cooking and heating source, the resulting smoke polluted the air, especially in London. At times the pollution was trapped in heavy fog and the resulting mixture killed hundreds. 
Horse-drawn vehicles carrying from one to thirty passengers rumbled past Benjamin as he walked. More unfortunate horses pulled heavy overflowing wagons. Benjamin thought both horse and driver as skilled as any in the British Cavalry. They wove in and out of lanes of traffic up to five abreast on the wider streets. Without a source of income, Benjamin could not afford the cab fare of six pence per mile. 
He fretted about Tommys dire sounding telegram of an emergency. After returning home, he asked Mai what she thought had happened.
I think Father crazy for gold. She cried. He not go home.
What? Never!
Tears ran down her trembling cheeks. Look at us. We lose child.
Benjamins head jerked. What? What do you mean?
I afraid to tell. Baby comes in desert. He small as my finger. I bury him in sand.
He stared at the floor for a few moments trying to understand how he could have traded a child for a gamble to be rich. Mais voice sounded disembodied and distant. Proverb learn as child say: Gold make men crazy for season. Such men break womens heart forever.
No longer willing to delay until hearing back from Tommy, Benjamin went out that afternoon to look for employment. He hoped that would keep him from thinking about his child under the deserts of Australia. Armed with a list of addresses of companies that had bought merchandise from Zhu-tings factory, he first visited one that had imported silk. He was surprised to find a solitary man at the shop.
So youre Zhu-tings son-in-law? The weaver did not look up from his large contraption of wood frames and metal gears that produced elaborate bolts of material prized by tailors.
One of them. Benjamin explained how the plans for a warehouse in London had been put on hold by Zhu-tings hunt for gold. He stammered as he asked for a job. I sound like a bloody beggar.
Im sorry but its just me. I suppose I could take you on as an apprentice but I couldnt pay you unless business picked back up. Not much chance of that any time soon. There was that mess with the banks a while back. They had to bail out the bank that made those bad investments in South America. Business has been way down ever since. Benjamins dejected look troubled him. You work with horses while in the army?
Yes.
He stopped running his equipment and scribbled on a scrap of paper. Go to these stables at this address and ask for Bob. Tell him I sent you. He might put you on.
Thank you. Benjamin did not relish working with beasts but went to the address anyway. He was hired and began work there the next day. 
With tens of thousands of horses toiling throughout London, their care was crucial. One expert had even calculated and published the cubic footage of air provided to shelter them: private stable, 720 cubic feet; Regents Park barracks, 761 cubic feet; Knightsbridge cavalry barracks, 1,781 cubic feet; Royal Mews, 2,500 cubic feet. The author claimed a minimum of 1,200 cubic feet of air was needed to ensure a horses health. After reading that, Benjamin always tied them up outside as he cleaned their stalls.
As the new man, he was given the filthiest job. But he worked hard shoveling and dumping the manure and scrubbing the stalls and became a friend of the horses. Bob noticed how well the animals responded to him and within two weeks promoted him to grooming them, a process that Benjamin enjoyed.
First he tied the horses head to a rail or pole. Then he brushed it with a currycomb starting at the neck, moving to the rump, then its breast, belly, and legs before repeating everything on the other side. Next, he removed the dust with a cotton cloth. Then he used a bristle brush to remove any remaining dust, followed by a haircloth to remove loose hairs. He washed his hands and rubbed them while still wet over the brushed areas before drying the horse with a clean cloth. Finally, he used a haircloth on each leg from the knee to the hoof before removing dirt and pebbles from the hooves. 
Each horse could tolerate different pressures against their skins. Some were ticklish; others enjoyed vigorous rubdowns and cleanings. Benjamin memorized their preferences and talked to each one by name. They responded with the sounds known by their own kind. Bob appreciated his efforts.
If youre that good with them here, you can be trusted with them on the street. Because Benjamin did not yet know London well enough to apply for a cab drivers license, Bob told him how to prepare. The night shifts and Sunday mornings are the worst ones of all. You can rent out a horse, cab, harness, and even a drivers badge so the Bobbies dont pinch you. Once you get to know London well enough, you can pass the exam to have your own drivers badge and a profession. Until then, use this. 
He handed him a large map of London that showed the location of 600 cabstands. It had a directory for the streets, which the neophyte driver would need to plot routes for his fares. Bob knew about 300 of Londons 3,500 cab owners. Most of them owned a single cab and two or three horses. They usually sent their drivers out from eight a.m. until seven or eight p.m. Some let another driver and fresh horse then use the cab until six the next morning. That was the shift Benjamin started driving.
He did it mostly to forget what pained him  the loss of his child the foremost. Tommys next letter only added to his pain.

April 2, 1893
Ben:
You can forget all about being the vice president of Zhu-ting Imports Ltd. The old man has gone bonkers. Hes caught gold fever and is now being consumed by a terminal case of it. He was totally disinterested in learning that you and Mai are in London even though Ive tried to tell him when he returned to Hong Kong.
He sold off the factory and took the proceeds and his entire life savings back to Australia to start up a gold mining company. He said that all the gold has been picked clean from the surface. Now the only way to find it is to dig deep into the earth. He plans to form a company of Chinese miners to do just that.
Who knows? Maybe hell strike it rich. He told me when my enlistment is up in another year that I have to join him there to act as his liaison to the whites. It seems the Aussies dont favor Chinese too well, a fate they suffer everywhere. 
In the meantime he said you and Mai must join him there in Perth to serve as the liaison. Is being the ambassador for his little kingdom your cup of tea? Well, thats about it. Sorry things have gone pear shaped for us. You better telegraph your response to him direct in Perth. Hes staying at the Royal Inn. After you do that, write and tell me if you think I should join him there in a years time. Im willing to do it only if itll make me rich. His wife says hell be dead by then. The way she says it gives me the willies.
Tommy 

Benjamin handed the letter to Mai. Her usually placid face contorted as she read it. I no go back to gold. She patted her abdomen. New baby. I not go back so new baby die.
Benjamin blinked at the unexpected news. That settles that. His reply to Zhu-ting was short; the one to Tommy a bit longer.

To: Zhu-ting, Royal Inn
Mai to have baby STOP No more gold hunting possible STOP
 Benjamin

May 1, 1893
Tommy Lad:
A lot has happened. While in Australia Mai lost our first child due to miscarriage. Now that she has the second one in the oven as they say we cannot risk another misadventure Down Under.
As to giving up your life in the Army to join Zhu-tings venture, dont do it. Becoming a civilian after so long is an eye opener. I guess I grew used to the security that being in the army brings. I daresay some days I find myself feeling lost and missing it.
Things here in England are nothing but dog eat dog day after day. It seems there was a banking crisis and business still isnt what it once was. So as Dickens would say, it was the best of times, it was the worst times, especially for an ex-soldier residing in London with a kid on the way. Lately I feel Im a part of a Dickens story. But who? Bob Cratchit? I hope not Ebenezer Scrooge even though Ive been known to be tight fisted as you used to say. 
The only work for me has been at a stable caring for horses. I supplement that by moonlighting as a taxi driver. Once I learn the streets of London well enough I plan to get on full time driving a carriage. The best drivers make some handsome tips.
Benjamin

Eventually, he settled into a schedule of Monday through Friday from six a.m. to four p.m. at the stables. On Tuesday and Friday nights he reported to a cab owner named Davy and drove his cab from eight p.m. to five a.m. after grabbing a two-hour nap at home. Sunday, he donned his drivers gear from seven a.m. to eight p.m.
I only hope you dont run yourself ragged into the ground, Bennie, Aunt Bessie said one Friday evening as he wolfed down his supper. You work so hard to care for us.
Dont worry yourself any on my behalf, Auntie. He donned his hat and overcoat and hurried out the door, lunch pail in hand. The smell of Mais freshly baked lamb potpie wafted from it. His thirty-two year old legs covered the mile to Davys house in fifteen minutes because of the crowds jamming the sidewalks. Friday night, time for the lot of them to blow off some steam.
The lowest quality horses, cabs, and drivers haunted the streets at night and Sunday mornings so Benjamin strove to provide service a notch or two above my competitors by being more courteous. He already had the ranks and titles of Peers memorized from years of addressing them across the Empire: a duke was addressed as Your Grace; while a marques, earl, viscount or baron was My Lord; a dukes wife was Your Grace; all the others wives were Your Lady. Then there were the commoners who were titled, baronets and knights addressed as sirs, their wives as ladies.
Some of such titled people expected those attending to their whims to somehow magically know the proper title without having to disclose it. Benjamin overcame such enigmas by asking, And whom do I have the honor to deliver to your destination today? as he helped them up into the coach. But he was not yet as familiar with some of the words used by the untitled, who spoke a vernacular that he at times had to have explained.
So I says to the buster, youre balmy to fag or nick in this neck of the woods because the slop will grab you and your swag while you have to quad. Seeing Benjamins blank face, the shoeshine boy at one of the cabstands translated. You know, Bennie. So I says to the burglar, youre stupid to pick-pocket or steal in this neighborhood because the police will grab you and your ill-gotten gains while you have to serve time in prison. The boys deadpan imitation of an English Lord set Benjamin to laughing so hard that his horse mistook it as a command to trot and the carriage lurched forward until he reined it to a stop.
By summers end Benjamin knew how to decipher such talk and to read the unspoken expectations of his fares. One of his regular fares, a commoner knighted for reasons undisclosed, became an acquaintance and then a friend.
Where to tonight, sir?
Oh cut out the poppycock talk, Ben. The usual, of course.
Yes, sir. Benjamin steered the cab onto the street. Sorry, but if I dont make a habit of addressing each and every one of my fares properly Im bound to get sloppy and forget their titles, which could prove disastrous.
As you say. Carry on. As always, Sir Oliver P. Young talked with his driver for the entire trip. So hows the cab business treating you?
To be honest, you are an answer to prayer. Your constant fares every Tuesday, Friday, and Sunday morning are a true Godsend straight from heaven. Without them, Id owe money to the cab owner some shifts.
With you being a driver who carries on a decent conversation, its my pleasure. So, hows Mai doing?
Getting bigger every day. Being so small, she really shows the baby. Looks like her bellys about to burst.
Ha, ha. Sounds like my Mary. She behaved the same way with our five children. With the twins she was so top-heavy that she stayed in bed for the last three months. Doctors orders. Speaking of which, did you take Mai to the doctor I spoke of?
Yes, sir. I did indeed. He refused to charge us for his services. Did you have something to do with that?
Sir Young feigned surprise. What on earth do you mean by that?
You know very well. Are you paying our bills for the doctors services?
All I can tell you is Dr. Williams is known for his works of mercy. Need I elaborate further?
Benjamin sighed. With some fares every detail, real and imagined was made known to him. But with Sir Oliver Young, knighted by Queen Victoria herself, everything remained a mystery, a riddle, an enigma more indecipherable than any person he had ever met. And Ive met thousands of them during my travels throughout the realm. If ever there was a knight worthy of King Arthurs Round Table, its Sir Oliver. But Ill go bonkers if I dont figure him out. I knowBenjamin smiled.
Cat got your tongue, Ben?
I was just putting two and two together and finally put my thumb on who you really are.
Do tell.
Sherlock Holmes. In the flesh!
For the first time in their months-long friendship, the knight had nothing to say. Benjamin waved his whip in triumph.
I knew it! Sir Arthur Conan Doyle has yet to divulge just whom he based his detective on. Its you!
Sir Oliver raised a hand in protest.
Never fear. Ill tell no one. All the pieces are falling into place as we speak. Your hiring of me to deliver you to Downing Street three times a week. Your getting off at street corners when I deliver you and meeting me at street corners when I pick you up from Downing Street three hours later. Yes, thats it. Youre reporting on your assignments to some very high up people in government, Ill wager.
His fare lifted a forefinger to his lips and said nothing the remaining two miles to Downing Street. Benjamin obliged his silence. He pulled the cab to a usual street corner. Sir Oliver paid and tipped the driver.
If Im Sherlock Holmes then you must be my Dr. Watson. He again raised his forefinger to his lips. Carry on. See you in three hours.
Benjamin knew to keep his mouth shut when any well to do rode in his cab. From them he could sometimes glean information about the colony where millions of pounds were being invested, Western Australia, as 800 gold mining companies poured into it over the next four years. At times Benjamin wondered how Zhu-tings company was faring as he eavesdropped on those speaking of the gold rush.
I put another 500 pounds into Smith Gold Ventures Limited.
Oh?
Quite. The initial prospectus said that their mine assayed at 70 ounces of gold per ton of rock. The latest report of the yield has it up to 110 ounces per ton.
My good man! You should have divulged such marvelous news to me sooner. I will be visiting the exchange to purchase shares first thing Monday morning.
Benjamin had to bite his tongue. Johnny Brisbane had warned him that there were more hazards than cave-ins when it came to hard rock mining.
The real money to be had is those who set up gold mining companies such as the ones I saw in earlier gold rushes, Johnny had said. Some scoundrels salt the mine to lure in the investors.
Salt the mine?
Aye. They sprinkle gold in the mine so some goes off among the sample taken by the assayers office. Then his report states a real bonanza; say 100 or more ounces of gold per ton. Before you know it, all the poor investors way back in England are pouring hundreds of thousands of pounds into the companys stock. Some mine owners like to take the money and run off looking for the next flock of sheep to shear until their skins bleed.
What a bunch of rotters. They give our profession as honest gold miners a black eye.
Aye. But its even a gamble to buy stock in an honest company. They might hit a vein of gold that looks like itll go on forever only to have it play out a couple months later. Either way its the investor footing the bill and left holding the bag.
Because the dinner hour for the professional and upper class was from six to eight p.m., Benjamin delivered some of the guests to Londons nicer houses and later on took them home. After that, the demands for cabs plummeted. He might sit at a stand for hours before a customer, sometimes drunk, climbed aboard his carriage. The drunkest would often sing and demand that Benjamin join in. He always obeyed, his baritone nicely complimenting his fares slurred rendition. He did not mind the drunks as long as they were lucid enough to give the correct destination. Some proved unable to remember where they really needed to go.
Then from midnight to five a.m. his riders became more mysterious. Errant husbands or single men on their way to or from one of many brothels often hid their faces with upturned collars and low sitting hats. Later, they asked to be delivered home a few doors from their actual residence to further conceal their identities. Some of the better-paid prostitutes also rode in his cab. But many nights he found himself sitting idle and nodding off in fitful slumber as he waited for the next fare.
On Sundays, London seemed a different world to him. Many of his early morning fares were to deliver the faithful to Westminster Cathedral, St. Pauls, or another house of worship. Later on he would take worshippers home or to a restaurant for their Sunday dinner. In the afternoon, younger women, many hoping to one day carry the title of Lady or Your Grace, rode in Hyde Park. They instructed Benjamin to keep the horse at a slow pace so the men who had come to inspect them could absorb their beauty.
They were gentlemen, men of means in search of a suitable bride. The most foppishly dressed of them were dandies, pompous and dignified to a state of looking effeminate, Benjamin thought. The mating ritual could be quite complex.
Upon seeing a woman who caught his fancy, the bachelor would ask Benjamin to halt his carriage and introduce himself loudly enough so that the young lady could hear. Then he would present him with a card and letter of introduction and ask that they be delivered to the young ladys home so that I may call on her at a day of her liking between two and six in the afternoon, which were the established hours for such visits. I may be contacted at the address mentioned in the letter you hold. Other than her name, the most that the young lady divulged was her address, if the bachelor passed her initial inspection. He would have to pass more by her parents or guardians before an engagement could be announced.
Then there were the rakes, sharks that would rather be damned than give in to such conventions because they only led to marriage. The boldest of them would hop into the carriage and begin his not so subtle act of seduction. Benjamin ejected at least one from the carriage every Sunday afternoon.
As the months wore on, he wearied of his long hours of work. And as Mais womb grew along with the child inside her, his longing for the security and routine of army life grew in proportion. By her eighth month he confided to Aunt Bessie that the walls feel like theyre closing in on me. Then he spoke of his plan to escape them.
I think I should re-enlist. But Im not willing to drag Mai and our child around the Empire wherever it suits the army to send me. Could they stay on with you?
She patted his trembling hand. Of course, dear. Mai is such a hard worker. Its been nice to have her doing the cleaning, laundry, and cooking so I can rest my weary bones at long last. She smiled. My neighbors are even jealous. They say Im middle class now since I have a servant. Little do they know that shes more of a daughter than anything to me.
So in November 1893, a little more than a year after leaving Hong Kong, he walked into a recruiters office.


15
The recruiter was most understanding. With a quota to fill, he always was.
So you couldnt stand the ways of civilian life, eh? Cant say I blame you one bit. He lowered his voice. I got out myself but re-enlisted after just six months as a civilian. Havent regretted it one bit. You married?
Yes.
Your rank as sergeant allows her to go along with you at the governments expense.
No. Shell be staying here.
Okay, then. He made a notation on the form. I see from your record you were in Egypt for your first tour of duty overseas, then India, and Hong Kong. Youll likely be headed back to Egypt once more.
Egypt?
Quite. The Mahdists are giving trouble to Egypt, Ethiopia, and Belgians and Italians in that region. At least its not just us dealing with the blighters.
But I thought the Mahdi died.
They got themselves a new one whos replaced him. Theyve taken back parts of Sudan. They say, submit to us or die. He winked. Guess you cant blame the natives for submitting. The alternative is none too appealing.
By January 1894 all the paperwork had been approved to put him back in uniform. Mai delivered a girl a week before he left for Egypt. Mother, daughter, and auntie all cried as Benjamin said goodbye.
Do take care, dear. Aunt Bessie wiped her tears. You always were my favorite nephew, Bennie.
We miss you. Mai held baby Lilly up from her bed as he bent down to kiss them.
Ill be back on every leave I can manage. This enlistments only for ten years and then Ill do two years in the reserves back here with you.

As he returned to the land of the pyramids, little looked familiar. Alexandria had rebuilt and grown during his absence. With his steamer not scheduled to take him up the Nile to Cairo until the following day, Benjamin hurried to Shareefs caf. He sat down at a table as if he were a stranger and ordered fish and chips fried right and proper, which caused the confused waiter to shout at the cook. That brought Shareef from the kitchen to the table.
Im sorry, sir. We have no more potatoes today.
Well what do you have? Benjamin lowered the menu that hid his face.
Benjamin! He hugged the soldier. Youre back.
Instead of his favorite meal, Benjamin settled for a kabob of lamb and vegetables. He had just taken his second bite when he noticed a woman struggling as she tried to fit a man in a wheelchair through the narrow front door. She wore a traditional veil across her face. After dropping his kabob on his plate, Benjamin came to her side.
Let me help. Its a tight squeeze. He took the chairs handles and tugged as its wheels removed large splinters from the wooden doorframe. By the time Benjamin delivered the chair to the table and seated woman, he was sweating. There you go.
Thank you.
Something about the voice froze Benjamin as he walked back toward his meal. He turned and studied her eyes. Only they and a small patch of forehead were left uncovered by the headdress and veil. Their brown was the same shade as the ones he had been certain belonged to a descendant of Cleopatra almost twelve years earlier.
Adalet?
She removed the veil. You look as if you are seeing a ghost. Perhaps the ghost of Cleopatra? Isnt that what you said on our first walk?
Benjamin staggered to a chair and sat next to her. But
I guess my letter never found you. I had no address for you but sent it to the English Viceroys address in India after Shareef told me that was where you went.
Unable to speak, Benjamin listened to Shareefs apologies for being uncertain whether I should tell you and Adalets story. She had bribed a crewmember to hide her on the boat taking them to Turkey and then on the same vessel on a return trip to Alexandria. 
I had to return. After bribing the steward I ran out of jewelry.
And now you work taking care of this old man? Benjamin nodded at the wheelchair bound man who had not uttered a word and stared at the space separating the couple.
Of course. Hes still my father.
Benjamin gasped as he focused on him. Instead of Necats bulky sixteen-stone body that he remembered, this man appeared to be a skeleton, no more than nine stones in weight. The once thick black mustache was white and wispy, as was what little hair covered his mostly bald head. Lifeless eyes had replaced the fiery ones that had tossed daggers into his soul as Benjamin had asked him for permission to court Adalet. Necats once overpowering presence had shrunk to a distant brooding indifference.
When I appeared back at his home, he grabbed the telegram that told him I was dead, stood up, screamed curses, made a fist to strike me, and fell to the floor. The doctor said he suffered a stroke. He has been in this chair ever since that day. He no longer speaks. I wear the clothes he thinks are appropriate for me because then he stops shaking all the time.
If Necat recognized Benjamin, he gave no indication. His focus was on mechanically delivering his food to his mouth with a special spoon that Shareef had strapped to his claw like hand. His bowl was filled with mush that required no chewing by his toothless gums. Benjamin joined their table. After they finished eating he walked them home and pushed Necats wheelchair.
Why do things work out as they do? He asked as they entered the homes courtyard. If Id known you were alive we could have He choked on the words as a boy and girl burst through the front door.
Mother!
Children, this is my special friend. Say hello to Sgt. Benjamin Worthington.
They each hugged one of his legs. Benjamin studied them. Both had much paler skins than Adalets deep olive complexion. As if on cue, their father appeared and shook his guests hand.
Sgt. Worthington, I presume? Im Sgt. Peter Lucky, late of the English Army. Will you come inside for a drink?
Adalet shrugged to repel Benjamins stare. What can I tell you, Ben? He reminded me of you.
***

Professor Alexander Drummond was the bane of every archeologist he met, whether they had trained at Oxford, Cambridge, or elsewhere. They all considered him to be an amateur intruding on our dig. His degree in astronomy pegged him as a fish out of water according to the one in charge of an expedition that had formed in England and was presently regrouping in Cairo.
I really cannot comprehend what the sun and stars have to do with the monuments to the Pharaohs, Professor Lawrence T. Oxley said. It is what waits for us inside of them that counts.
Drummond patted the case containing his telescope. My hypothesis is that the pyramids at Giza were constructed at the same time as Stonehenge, Professor. If so, they shall speak to that fact to your satisfaction as well as mine.
Poppycock. Oxley returned to the paperwork he had to file with the authorities before his caravan departed from Cairo.
Shunned by the rest of the expedition and left to his own devices, Drummond explored the shops of Cairo in search of some artifact or person who could aid his quest. On the second day of his search he met a trader in antiquities that struck him as a kindred spirit. He regarded their meeting as pure serendipity.
It is God who has brought you to my humble shop.
You are a Moslem then?
A Jew. At your service, Sir
Drummond. I understand many of your kind have relocated here since our occupation of Egypt.
Yes. Many Greeks and Italians also have come here.
Quite. Perhaps you can be of help. Drummond looked about the shop to see if anyone was listening. He carefully unrolled the scroll he had brought from England.
The shopkeepers eyes widened. Stonehenge.
I say. You know of it?
He lowered his voice. I am a faithful practitioner of Kabala. All such locations fascinate me. He closed his eyes and placed his palm on his forehead. I discern that is why you are here, to visit the mystical locations of Egypt.
Drummond clutched his arm. Finally. One whom I may talk to with abandon. For the next quarter hour he explained how he had taken readings of the suns and stars positions while at Stonehenge during the spring and autumn equinoxes and summer and winter solstices and how he planned to the same at the Giza pyramids.
Ah, you are an archeoastonomer.
How very prescient of you. Unfortunately, all the archeologists I have talked with rudely dismiss my chosen field of expertise.
At their own loss. A pity. But how may I help your expedition to be one of success? Your humble servant is one with you.
Have you any charts of the Giza pyramids, drawn to scale?
His eyebrows arched. Let us search my humble inventory. In secret of course. Your work must be protected from those who would steal it from you for their own glory. He motioned him to follow into a dusty backroom whose walls were lined with shelves that held faded parchments. He unrolled the largest one.
This is the most detailed one I have seen in thirty-three years of collecting them. It not only shows where artifacts have previously been found but also which tombs to avoid because of curses uttered by ancient priests against any who dare to desecrate them.
Drummond studied it. How much?
For you, sir, only ten pounds.
Ten pounds! He shook his head. The society that sponsors me is not wealthy, you see. Do you have something not so detailed? I really am not at all interested in treasures and curses, only the precise locations of the pyramids drawn to scale. My measurements depend on it.
I see. I can have my associate transfer what you need from this ancient parchment to a smaller one for five pounds perhaps?
Make it four and you have a deal.
They shook hands.
Return here this afternoon and it will be ready for you.
Jolly good.
The shopkeeper waited until Drummond was gone before locking his shop. Then he scurried to a hovel two blocks away. Ahmed! I need you to draw this one again but leave out the artifacts locations and the curses. He handed his artist the chart.
Why? Didnt the curses I made up come to pass? Or did I get the artifacts locations wrong again? Did you remember to tell the customer that thieves sometimes render my charts to be in error?
Dont worry. Start drawing. Have both of them back to my shop in two hours.
Five hours later Drummond returned and paid four pounds for the chart. He agreed that his finding the shopkeeper had been providential. With this in hand, my hypothesis will be proven for all to behold!
***

Youll be accompanying an expedition to the Giza Pyramids, Sgt. Worthington.
The Mahdists are that close by?
Not yet. But the Bedouins are. You will command a company of four men to guard the expedition, especially at night. Thats when the thieves like to pilfer such camps.
The next day Benjamin reported to Professor Oxley. Their caravan left that evening to avoid the burning sands of daytime and arrived at the Giza Pyramids the next morning. Oxley and his associates immediately went to work while Benjamin and his soldiers set up their tent and caught naps for that nights first guard duty. The only other one stirring when that hour came was Drummond.
Halt! Who goes there? Benjamin challenged the approaching figure.
It is I, Professor Alex Drummond. And who might you be?
Sgt. Worthington, sir. All the rest of you are sound asleep. Everything all right?
Im not certain. Im having a devil of a time aligning my chart of the pyramids with our present location.
Perhaps I can help you come dawn, sir.
Would you? All the others are too busy digging and breaking into the tombs.
So a friendship was born the next morning as the two climbed the highest dune near the pyramids. After adjusting the faulty north direction marking on the chart of the pyramids by using Benjamins compass, Drummond was satisfied. Now I can superimpose it over my chart of Stonehenge.
Stonehenge? Isnt that the place the Devil built? Or was it Merlin the Magician using a giant to place the stones there?
Those are the myths. I still havent decided if it was the Romans, Druids, Danes, or Saxons who laid it out.
But what connection could there be between the two? Theyre almost two thousand miles apart as the crow flies.
But they were built about the same time, you see. We place construction of these pyramids at about 2500 B.C. and Stonehenge between 3000 B.C. and 2000 B.C. That is what fascinates me. He invited him to his tent for further explanation and a cool drink from the clay jar he kept buried in the sand under the shade of the tent. The natives say the sun god Ra fathered a pharaoh with a priests wife along about 2500 B.C. Thats why I am certain these pyramids were constructed with the sun and other heavenly bodies as reference points just as Stonehenge also was.
For the next month, Benjamin helped Alex when he had time. That was most days because after a Bedouin raid on the camp during the first week that was repulsed by the soldiers Enfields, no other thieves appeared. This allowed Benjamin to post his men for three-hour shifts each night with orders to awaken him only in case of an attack. So he spent his days holding an eight-foot rod on various points of the Sphinx and the sides of the pyramids. Alex would train his telescope on the rod and use Benjamins compass to add degree inclinations to his chart, which now had little blank space due to all of his scribbled notations.
On March 20, the vernal equinox, Alex stayed awake twenty-four straight hours plotting the position of the sun, stars, and planets in relation to the pyramids. He was not quite certain what to conclude as he compared their locations relative to those he had plotted two years earlier at Stonehenge. 
I do not understand it. He thrust his hands into the air. I rather expected a correlation between the heavenly bodies locations in relation to these pyramids and the monoliths at Stonehenge. He traced his fingers across the charts. Even allowing for the two-year difference in time there should be some sort of connection if my theory is correct.
Im no archeologist but for one thing much of Stonehenge has been knocked down. Benjamin shrugged. Does that matter?
Hmm
Another thing. Maybe youre comparing the two sites too closely together. What if we were to set your charts of each location on the ground spread apart at the same compass heading that I deduce from this map? He plopped his compass directly on the map that included North Africa and Europe and slid it until it was directly over the word Giza. Then he aligned true north on the compass with the arrow on the map pointing that direction. Finally, he used a straight edge to draw a line between the words Giza and Stonehenge on the map. He bent down to read the degree reading on the compass that intersected the line. I think its right about 319 degrees northwest, give or take a few degrees. Lets go outside. He grabbed the charts.
What now?
Lay the chart for the pyramids there. Ill head off with the one for Stonehenge to the northwest. After you align your chart to the north then use your arms and voice till Im on a 319 degrees northwest heading.
Okay. He planted the eight-foot rod in the sand next to the chart of the pyramids as Benjamin walked 200 yards away. It took five minutes of Alex yelling and gesturing before he joined Benjamin. After aligning the chart of Stonehenge so it pointed north, Benjamin dropped to his knees and peered over the chart back at the rod.
Thats odd.
What?
On this chart Stones 71, 59b, and 59c all point through the large gap between Stones 10 and 7. If you line them up with Stones 9a and 9b on the outside of the ring they seem to point to the rod by the pyramids chart. The same is true of Stones 160a, 160b, and 160c. They line up Stone 8 that lies outside the ring and likewise point at the rod. What does all that mean?
Alex stretched on the ground and laid his telescope over the stones diagramed on the chart that Benjamin had named. He then peered through it.
I dont believe it! It is indeed dead on with the rod! He jumped to his feet and studied the Stonehenge chart. Look! Two groups of three stones inside the ring. They each signify three largest pyramids of Giza.
But those stones were once upright.
Perhaps. Maybe the Romans imparted their knowledge of the Giza pyramids to the keepers of Stonehenge. Then they purposely formed the gap in the ring and rearranged the stones inside the ring to point to the pyramids. He ran back to the tent. Benjamin followed at a leisurely pace.
 I hope I havent sent him off on a wild goose chase. By the time he reached the tent Alex was measuring the distance along the line that Benjamin had drawn on the map between Giza and Stonehenge. He counted off the numbers on the ruler.
Look! The halfway point is somewhere south of Rome!
After another hour of doing more sightings between the charts and recalculating the measurements, Alex announced his conclusion. It appears the halfway point is just west of Agropolis, Italy. Perhaps the Romans hid the secrets of the pyramids and Stonehenge there. After all, they had provinces in both locales.
Benjamin gulped at his part in letting the genie out of the bottle.
I must return and report my discovery back home in England at once! After that, it is on to Agropolis.
But I thought you were staying on to get data on the pyramids during the next summer and winter solstices and the autumn equinox.
No longer. This is of much greater import. You must accompany me to aid in my report to my sponsoring society. Your presence is required to bolster my claims. After all, it was you that led me to it.
Only a word was needed from Professor Oxley to the local military commander to have Benjamin accompany Alex back to England. Oxley was only too happy to see the archeoastonomer leave. During his month long stay in London Benjamins second daughter was conceived. Afterwards, he returned to Egypt and Alex Drummond traveled to Agropolis, Italy. His and Benjamins recounting of their 1894 Egyptian Winter among the Giza pyramids and the Great Sphinx had convinced his society to fund a two-year expedition to Italy.
When Alex found nothing of interest to him at Agropolis, he drifted north to Rome. There he finagled his way into the catacombs in search of some new clue from the dead buried there. He disappeared in the underground labyrinth during his sixth descent into the tunnels. Some claimed to have heard or seen his ghost wandering the tombs.


16
Hold him still, Billy.
As soon as the ax severed the turkeys head Billy released its convulsing body. While not as lively or long lasting as the run displayed by chickens with their heads cut off, the post mortem activity of this tom was enough to entertain his executioners helper. He flapped his wings and strutted in a small circle as Billy tailed him.
Gobble, gobble, gobble! Billy supplied the call the bird had made to its dying breath. He ceased it when the turkey fell over and stopped twitching. Ah, shucks. How come turkeys dont run around as much as chickens do?
I guess because theyre not born in the woods to be scared by an owl, Billy. Bring it over to the porch so we can pluck it and dress it out so Patty can get it in the oven.
Okay. He flopped the 28-pound bird over his shoulder and carried it to the porch. How come our carryings on celebration times aint as fun anymore, Rod? You think maybe its cause Grandma died?
Maybe.
Mrs. Piersons passing last summer had relieved the Lees of the thirty-mile roundtrip by wagon to her boarding house for Thanksgiving dinner. Rod was thankful for that but weary of Pattys depression since her mothers death. Her cold isolation had unraveled the once tight knit family. 
Dont worry, Patty. Shes just left the boarding house for her cabin up in glory land. Rod had joked a month after the funeral. That was a sufficient period to grieve, he thought.
Let me be. You grieved for your paper for a long spell and it wasnt even a person. Patty had sobbed as she turned away.
When the Tri-State Heralds last edition came out during the Panic of 1893, Rod had moped around the farm for months. The ensuing nationwide depression did not allow him to resurrect the paper. More out of desperation than hope, he turned to his novel. Within a year he had finished it. Five years of trying to sell it had followed. During that same period his former correspondent Samantha Hillsdale graduated from having her short stories published to getting her first novel in print. Desperate to know her secret, Rod had visited her in Central City, Kentucky a month earlier.
I dont know whats wrong with my book, he had told her.
I read through the first two chapters that you sent me. Your writing is strong but the plot isnt what the publishers want nowadays.
I guess so. In the last five years, its been Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Jekell and Mr. Hyde, or H.G. Wells time machines and invaders from Mars that people are buying. That and love stories like Ships That Pass in the Night or your book. But I dont know how to write that way. I guess my story of a farm boy going off to the big city to be a writer just isnt exciting enough. Thats what the last editor wrote back and said, I cant get excited about your book. I dont need her to get excited. I need her to get the publisher to buy it.
Thats you as the main character in your book?
It shows through that bad?
Theres nothing wrong with making your experiences into a novel. Mr. Clemens and Mr. Dickens both did it more than once. Maybe you need a second main character to play off the other one? Remember how Tom Sawyer had Huckleberry Finn?
On the train ride home, Rod had thought of possible people on which to base his secondary main character, such as his former correspondents Daniel Tibbits, Leroy Jackson, Clarence Browne, Claude Mitchell, or Vance Dulrooney, all colorful characters in real life. But each seemed too similar to him. Samantha had warned that any secondary main character must be very different. Just as the train pulled into Evansville, Private Benjamin Worthington appeared in Rods mind. He wondered if he had survived his initial enlistment.
He had had no contact with him since they had parted company in Egypt fourteen years earlier. But Benjamin had given him an aunts address in London, just in case you stop off there on your way back home. Stop in and tell her Im doing well.
So Rod decided to have Billy type a copy of the book to send to Ben in care of Aunt Bessie along with a request for his story to be inserted into it. Billy hit the typewriter keys with his two index fingers. But at a nickel a page, he typed furiously. By Christmas he would be three-fourths of the way through the 327-page double-spaced manuscript. 
Im going to get me a two-way radio from all the nickels you give me, Billy said to motivate himself. 
Since her mothers death, Patty had communicated only as necessary with Rod, Billy, and her children. This had caused Rod and Billy to become friends more than brothers as they turned to each other to make up for their missing relationship with Patty. They joked about whether they should invite any of the local Shawnee to the feast to make it a true Thanksgiving.
Maybe we best not. Billy reflected. Pop would probably pull his gun out and start shooting at them.
Once the turkey was a steaming golden brown, Patty wrapped blankets around the pot that held it and loaded it into the wagon where the others sat waiting. Even the five-mile trip to his parents home was unwelcome but Rod pushed the horses so that they arrived in an hour. William herded his guests to the table immediately.
Put that turkey up on the table and get busy carving it, Rod. Nothing worse than cold turkey for Thanksgiving. Makes decent sandwiches for later on, though. Think you could leave some of the leftovers here?
Maybe you could say the blessing first, Pop?
All right, all right.
William hurried through the blessing and his meal. Rod was only half finished when William asked his son to join him by the fire in the parlor.
Not many folks that live most of one century make it on into the next one.
Not again. Hes told me that a dozen times already. 
Hard to believe 1900 will be here in just a month.
Yeah.
Ive whipped my weight in wildcats, Rod. Its time for me and your mother to hang up the plow. Were fixing to sell out and move into Evansville. I wanted to give you the news first. Only other person that knows is Mr. Tomasci the real estate man. Hes going to list the farm starting tomorrow.
Thanks for letting me know. What you going to live in?
Oh, well just get us one of those little houses, nothing fancy. So, did your book sell yet?
No. Im still looking for an editor who thinks like I do and likes my writing.
Oh. Well, after listening to Billy recite most of it at dinner I got a little suggestion.
Yeah?
You need some more blood. Now that we whooped the Spanish down there in Cuba and the Philippines, people want to read all about it or something like it. Use that English soldier that Billy talked about. Have him fight in some other wars than just that one in Egypt.
Rod pondered the advice as he finished his turkey, dressing, sweet potatoes, corn, and cranberry sauce. He was still thinking about it as he ate his slices of pecan and pumpkin pie three hours later. Not until Billy started singing Christmas carols on the way home did Rods musing cease.
Its too soon to be singing those! Rod protested.
Patty squeezed his arm. No. That one reminds me of Ma. It was her favorite one. Keep on singing, Billy.
Rod listened as the others joined Billy, who kept up the carols the rest of the way home. When he saw his wifes tears as she sang, Rod knew the dam of pent-up sorrow had finally broken.
The next morning the Lees journeyed to Evansville so that Patty, Billy, and the children could begin their gift selections. For eleven-year-old Bob, ten-year-old Clara, and seven-year-old Stanley, that meant compiling a wish list to be left where parents, grandparents, and uncle would find it. Rod hung around the livery, conversing with its owner as he fed the hungry tired horses that had pulled the family to town. When Stewart Daloy happened by, Rod accepted his invitation to join him for a snack at his home.

Sorry to hear about Mrs. Piersons death. He handed the remnants of yesterdays turkey to him. 
Rod was surprised by Stewarts sincerity. Usually his words were glib. Thanks. Its been hard on Patty. Rod studied his appearance. Gone were the unparted hair and beard that Stewart had worn since coming of age. Fashion now dictated slicked down hair parted in the middle and his clean-shaven face, usually obtained with a straight edge razor wielded by a servant or barber. His white shoes also spoke of fashion. His suit was perfectly matched: pants, coat, and vest all the same style and color. 
Rods one suit, worn only for church, was old-fashioned because of its contrasting colors. His outfit today was homemade: jeans and linsey-woolsey shirt sewn by Patty. His hair remained unparted and he shaved once or twice a week. Im just the country rube in the presence of the slick city politician. If it werent for me being so hungry I wouldnt even be here.
Since his election to county office Stewart had transformed his speech, manners, and daily habits. Potential voters always received his attention. Gone was the bluntness he once had used on Rod, replaced by persuasion, an art Stewart had mastered when dealing with everyone except the hardest headed.
Given any more thought to my last offer? Im looking for a better writer like you for speeches and pieces for the newspapers. You have a way with words. The one I got now just doesnt cut the mustard. He sounds too phony baloney.
Thanks. But Im still trying to sell my novel.
Never say die. I like that. Well, just let me know if you change your mind. I imagine you could use a steady source of income. Itd be a crying shame for you to grow old out there on that farm of yours just to sell out and move to town like your parents are planning on.
Rod frowned. Nothing escaped Stewart. While most usually knew the latest about neighbors and fellow churchgoers, Stewart knew everything about everybody. Must come with the territory of being a politician. Rod finished making his sandwich and left with it by saying he was late meeting Patty. When he found her inside the downtown emporium she looked like a butterfly emerging from its cocoon. Gone were the drab grays and blacks she had worn in memory of her mother. 
When they had parted company two hours earlier, Patty was like any other Midwestern farm wife: plain, dressed in homespun clothes, hair falling past her shoulders. Now she looked like she was paying a visit from St. Louis or Chicago or New York, a lady of fashion. The clerk who had helped to pick her style had pulled Pattys long blonde hair back from her forehead and tied it on top of her head in a psyche knot, currently the rage for city women. Her feet were pinched into long black pointed shoes that were half as wide as the cowgirl boots she had worn into the store. A shirtwaist hugged her breasts and hips. Though it accented her figure, Rod thought the shirts style made her look masculine. 
I guess youre a Gibson girl now, was all he could say.
Isnt it wonderful? Patty spun around in front of the three tall narrow mirrors. Her radiant smile convinced Rod that his wife had finally fully rejoined the land of the living.
The leg-of-mutton sleeves caused Pattys broad upper body to appear even wider. Her years of farm labor had produced muscular upper arms and shoulders so the puffy sleeves made her look top heavy. A long blue skirt ended at her ankles. Happy because of the head to toe sales, the clerk added a pink parasol at no charge. Be sure to use this parasol. It will protect your delicate skin.
Rod coughed to hide his smirk. That clerk sure lays it on thick. Bet he could give old Stewart a run for his money. He scanned Pattys face. Years of sun had tanned it beyond any hope of ever returning to the pale skinned look that city women wore as a badge of honor. You can take the girl out of the country but you cant take the country out of her.
I hope you dont mind all this fuss about me but this is Mas Christmas gift to me. Patty smiled as she stepped onto the sidewalk to display her new look to Evansvilles residents. When she knew she was going to die she gave me an envelope of money to use for this Christmas. She always loved the pictures of the Gibson girls in the magazines.
Street vendors reminded the children that they had not eaten since breakfast as the smell of their offerings drifted their way. 
Hot corn! Get your pure white-hot corn! Smoking hot! Piping hot! Oh yes sir, what beautiful ears I got! Get your hot corn! The fifty-five year old man danced from foot to foot as he juggled corn on the cob that would blister his fingers if held too long.
A half block away a large black woman stirred a simmering pot as she yelled, Pepper pot, its right hot and the best I got! All hot! Makes your back strong! Makes you live long! Come buy my pepper pot! You want soup? Thats what I got!
Rod ignored them as the huge turkey sandwich from Stewart Daloys table digested in his belly. His childrens stomachs growled; their mouths watered. Clara tugged on her fathers arm.
Please, Daddy! Were hungry! She pointed at the hot corn vendor. Bob ran to the pepper pot soup vendor and stuck his face over the steaming kettle, which was kept warm by a bed of glowing embers constantly fed with wood chips. Its heat flushed his cheeks, the smell made him lightheaded. Little Stanley smacked his lips.
Please get them something, dear. Then you can meet me over at Mrs. Olsons boarding house with the wagon. We really need to bring Mas things back home where they belong. Then I really need to go to bed early tonight. She winked.
Okay. Rod grinned. Pattys sultry voice told him that the long lonely nights could now return to normal in their bed. She had not called him dear since the funeral. 
Stanley and Clara had Billy blow on their hot buttered corn on the cob until it cooled. Bob gulped down his cup of pepper pot soup and took along another for the walk to the livery. On the way, Rod sent Billy into Stewarts house. The politician smiled. Here was one bumpkin whose vote could be bought for a sandwich. By the time they arrived at the boarding house with the wagon, most of Mrs. Piersons final possessions were stacked up on the sidewalk. 
About time you showed up! The curmudgeon of the house grumbled to Rod as he set a box on the wagons bed. Ive been itching for months to move into her old room. I was beginning to think you were going to keep it as a museum exhibit to honor Mrs. Pierson. That wouldve been a waste of space since its the best room in the house.


17
Happy Christmas, Daddy. Five-year-old Lilly, four-year-old Mary, and three-year-old Ben watched their father unwrap their present. His bulging eyes and open mouth and cry of surprise made them giggle.
A tie! Exactly what I wanted! He gathered all three of them to his chest. But having Christmas with you is the best present of all, I daresay.
This was Benjamins first Christmas at home since his re-enlistment five years earlier. Mai and Aunt Bessie feared it might be his last because a new war had erupted in Africa. But at least husband and father enjoyed their new home. Aunt Bessie had insisted that Mai and the children move with her to a small cottage five miles from London during the third year of Benjamins absence.
The children need fresh air and room to roam as they grow, she had said. Besides, Ive lived in London for sixty-two years now. Time for a change.
Mai had stoically fulfilled her role as the soldiers wife left behind to tend hearth and home while Benjamin protected the Empire. Having survived the first half of his last active duty commitment, she was certain she could take on whatever came with the remainder of it. Except his death. The extended family had just sat down to feast on Christmas goose and plum pudding when a knock at the door took Benjamin from carving the fowl.
Here. He handed Mai the knife. Please serve everyone while I see who it is. He motioned for his aunt to remain seated.
Have you a bit of hot cider for one whose bones are frozen all the way through, governor? Ill drink it from the ladle if youve already dirtied up all your cups. The shivering man asked as he burst into the warmth of the cottage before being invited. Its colder than a witchs bottom outside.
Tommy! Benjamin stared at the four-wheeled Clarence cab parked by the door. You drove all the way out here?
Tommy stamped his feet and held his hands to the fire. I had no choice. Its deader than a doornail in London. After only one fare all day took me halfway to your place, I had to continue on. Happy Christmas, all! He waved to the table.
Aunt Bessie sighed as she went to the hutch for another plate of her finest china. She did not mind feeding Tommy as long as he had brought no bottle with him, which was his custom. But the only Yuletide cheer Tommy produced was the kind that comes from a generous spirit, the kind possessed by his hero, Tiny Tim of A Christmas Carol. As he ate, Tommy conjured up Christmases past spent with Benjamin in Hong Kong. His descriptions brought tears for Mai as she tried to picture her family celebrating Christmas thousands of miles away. In his element, Tommy finished his dinner with his gift to those at the table. Well, we best get started because I have to be home to my own family by dark or Sunia will have my hide. Bundle up. Uncle Tommys here to take you for a ride!
The children jumped from their chairs and donned their overcoats, scarves, and hats. Benjamin met them outside. Mai and Aunt Bessie begged off of the invitation.
Just make it a short ride, Mr. Lancanshire, Bessie said. And no stopping off at some pub or else youll be getting none of my special Christmas pudding. Ill be inspecting yours and Bennies breath upon your return.
As you say. If I didnt know better, I would think you must be Mrs. Ebenezer Scrooge in the flesh. He pulled a piece of mistletoe from his pocket, held it above her head and kissed her before she could blink.
You rake, you! Off with you before I slap you silly!
Built for up six passengers, Tommys cab lurched down the lane onto the main road. After covering his children with a blanket, Benjamin joined Tommy on the drivers seat. Its times such as this when I envy you, Tommy, he said.
Join me, then, as soon as your active duty is done with. I need a driver such as you to expand my business. Deal?
Deal. They shook hands to seal it. I only wish that it was less than four years before I can join you.
Itll pass in the wink of an eye.
I hope so. 
Look at how fast the 1800s passed you and me by. Another six days and well be living in 1900.
Hard to believe. Where does the time go off to? I have three kids and now youve got two. What took you so long? You had a good head start on me.
Tommy winced. I think its because Im out from under the thumb of Zhu-ting. As long as he cast his long dark shadow over me I couldnt even get my tally whacker to work some nights.
It was all that bad?
Im afraid so. He urged his horse into a gallop. The extra bouncing brought cheers from the passengers. We need to be more like them. He pointed a thumb backward. 
Benjamin turned and studied his children. Every time he came home on leave it was the same. He was the stranger invading their world. And just when they had accepted him into that world it was time to report back to his company. What a sorry way to raise them with poor Mai trying to be father and mother all at once.
So do you think theyll be sending you off to the Tea-time War? Thats what they call it in the papers, you know.
Against the Boers in Southern Africa? Dear God in heaven above, I hope not. They are a worse lot than the Yankee colonists were with their bloody Revolution of 1776.
But all the papers predicted it would be over by Christmas.
Ha to that balderdash! Its only been going on for less than three months now but already they have beaten the snot out of us. The last report I heard, 700 of our soldiers are dead. Another 3,000 are wounded and 2,000 others taken prisoner. Some Tea-time War this has been.
So its back to Egypt for you?
Yes, the first part of January. But now that the Mahdists have been put down there, it wouldnt surprise me at all if they send part of us out of Egypt and down to Southern Africa.
Big bad bloody beastly Boers are becoming a bunch of burdensome brutish bores bent on breaking Britains better breed of buffoons bemoaning and bragging in Parliament! 
Benjamin howled at Tommys flash of alliteration. As brothers-in-law went, he was first rate.
***

Corrie Ten Hout shook her head. This time her husband had gone too far, both in his demands and distance from his family.
Its bad enough that you men hide out in the veld or hole up in some cave high up in the bergs. But then you expect your wives, sons, and daughters to be good soldiers and meet you in the bush with fresh supplies so you can continue your war.
Bram shrugged. Dont blame me. You can thank Queen Victoria and her prime minister for this mess were in. I dont like it any better than you.
On the way home, only the horses seemed happy. The wagon they pulled was empty and they could watch the road better in daylight for ruts and holes to avoid. Delivery of the wagon full of food had been at night. Corrie thought back to the stories she had heard as a girl, of ancestors who had abandoned Holland for a better life on the tip of Africa. Her great-grandfather Hans had landed at Cape Town in 1798 when the settlers to Southern Africa were mostly Dutch, French, and German. Known as Boers, the Dutch colonists were the most independent and adventuresome. England took Cape Colony from the French in 1806 as spoils from its continual wars with France. For the next century the Boers would prove to be the most stubborn and rebellious of the settlers ruled by the British.
Adverse to their new masters, many of the Boers settled further inland to escape them in what they called the dry country. Britain imported settlers of its own for the eastern region but this resulted in the added expense of having to defend them against native tribes. Relations with those tribes improved slightly when the British Empire ended slavery in 1834. Meanwhile, its relations with the Boers deteriorated when the English replaced the Dutch in the court systems of Southern Africa. In response, the Boers pushed further inland once again, into lands held by the tribes. Corries grandfather Christian was impaled by a Zulu spear after settling on their hunting grounds.
He left behind a wife, four sons, and three daughters. One of the girls, Tanneken, became Corries mother after succumbing to the relentless courtship of Klass Smit. By then England had yielded and recognized two Boer republics, the Orange Free State and Transvaal. Both Tanneken and Klass were proud of them and settled on a cattle ranch in Transvaal. They prospered and hoped that their children, including Corrie, could enjoy lives of stability. Such hopes ended when resources other than land were discovered.
In 1871 the fragile peace between native tribes, the Boers, and English cracked as prospectors discovered diamonds and a decade later, gold. From that point on, England sought to rule all of Southern Africa and the Boers to keep their two republics. The First Boer War from December 1880 to March 1881 was a quick three months of mostly skirmishes. In the end Britain gave the Boers their own government in Transvaal.
A more serious conflict erupted in October 1899 when the Boer republics declared war against the English troops along their borders. The London papers predicted, The Tea-time War will end by Christmas. The Boers retaliated with a more far-reaching slogan, Africa for the Africander. This war of words reached a low when the Economist wrote that the Boer guerillas were stock breeders of the lowest kind. By January 1900, 110,000 troops from Britain, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand had arrived in South Africa. The Boers could muster only 2,000 foreign volunteers. Both sides also used foreign colonial volunteers who dwelled in South Africa. Bram and his comrades reverted to the guerilla warfare that had proved successful two decades earlier.
We hit the English on the run, which for them is little fun. We blow up a bridge here, hold up a train over there, as the British soil their fancy underwear. Bram often sang his limerick to mock the enemy during battles.
When the war stretched into a second year, the British command instituted a scorched earth policy. It brought the war home to the women and children who ran the farms during their husband and fathers absence. 
They are the source of food for the Boer guerillas. The lieutenant assigned to destroy the region where the Ten Houts lived explained as his troops neared their first target. But we shall behave as gentlemen at all times in spite of the nasty task that has been required of us. The officer knocked on Corries door to deliver news of the punishment. 
There are no fighters within, sir. They are off hiding in a laager somewhere out there. Corries hand swept in a 360-degree arc toward a panorama that included immense flat velds, craggy mountains, and dense jungle. It is only myself and my three children here. Surely we are no threat. Her sweet tone and smile reminded him of his wife back in Manchester.
We have orders to vacate all the farms in this area, madam. My men will help you load whatever possessions you desire onto your wagon before we torch your house. Her growing look of disbelief made him turn toward his sergeant. Hitch up the wagon with four head of cattle and position it outside the front door.
Four head, sir?
Yes. I glanced inside. Im certain it shall take that many to haul away what the lady wants to keep.
Now youre deciding the details of our eviction as well? Corrie wagged a finger at him. My two horses are adequate. We will just leave the cattle to fend for themselves and return for them after Ive found a buyer for them.
His jaw tightened. A word in private with you, madam? He led her to the rear of the house, where he spoke in a whisper. See here, my orders are to shoot your cattle and leave them for the lions, jackals, and vultures. Im trying to do you a favor by sending along a supply of meat for you and your children to live on for at least a season. You can hitch the horses to the rear of the wagon.
Shoot them? But you cant
Im sorry. I know how I would feel if a Boer showed up at the door of my wife and treated her this way. But you Boers method of battle leaves us little choice. As long as your farms remain intact and supply the guerillas with food, this war will last indefinitely.
But where shall we go?
Camps are being set up for all those displaced. You may seek shelter there if you so choose. I am giving you the cattle to eat because you Boers are so stubborn that I suspect it may take months for you to accept our offer of staying at one of the camps. He bowed. Excuse me but I must oversee my men.
Some of the soldiers grumbled as they carried the possessions Corrie had pointed at to the wagon. One spoke of how the English used to lay with Scottish lassies to remind all of the clans that an English king or queen ruled them. Why are we treating these dirty Boers so well?
Its because were oh so civilized now. Another said. We shall win them over through our manners. His imitation of a gentleman who was more of a dandy than fighting man brought gales of laughter from the swearing, grunting soldiers. Even the lieutenant smiled at the display. 
Thank God for that private. His humor helps out our platoon more than he realizes. Every platoon needs at least one such clown in its ranks.

They did what? Bram knew his cause had ended. Oh, it would die a slow, painful death. But it was over. And you did what? Details of his familys trek for the last ninety-nine days drew the attention of every man in Brams unit.
Of course I wanted to bring the four head of cattle to you first thing. But the dust kicked up by their hooves and the tracks left by the overloaded wagon would have led the Englanders straight to you. So we went to the nearest burg and sold off the furniture. Then I set out to find a farm to sell the cattle to. The only one I found left not burned up was one owned by a German near the border.
A kraut? Did he give you a fair price?
Only about half of what they were worth. He claimed he was doing me a favor because if the Englanders find out they might take them away from him or shoot them.
Thats true enough.
For the next hour the other thirty-two soldiers of Brams unit questioned Corrie about the whereabouts and condition of their families. She could only provide information on eight of them, all of which had sent letters to the soldiers. To keep them from being confiscated when stopped by British patrols, she had hidden them inside of her undergarments. To move as swiftly as possible on her journey to deliver them, she had ridden the only horse she still owned, mostly at night to keep from being followed.
After delivering the last letter, Corrie led her horse and Bram to a thicket of small trees 200 meters from the bivouac of guerillas. There they made love, as if this was the last time. As they dressed, Bram talked in serious tones about the war, the first time Corrie recalled him doing so.
Between you and me, were finished. Without food from our farms, we can only battle on for so long.
I know. I really didnt want to endanger all of you by coming here but I had to see you. I didnt have the heart to tell your fellow soldiers but theyve renamed the camps for women and children. Now they call them concentration camps and theyre no longer voluntary. As soon as I get back, the children and me must report to one. The kind folks who took us in as boarders in one of the burgs cant keep us on because they fear the British. Besides the money I gave them a week back for our room and board was the last of it.
Bram hugged her tighter and longer than when he had left Corrie for war. He watched her ride off into the dark night, only a crescent moon lit Corries path. Then he returned to his camp to tell his comrades what she had said about the new British policy of forcing their families into the camps.

Desperation drove Corrie now. After watching her home burn to the ground, she had sworn she would never speak to another English soldier again. But her sick daughter rendered her unable to keep her oath. A keen observer of people, she had sorted through the dozens of soldiers who took turns guarding the concentration camp. Only one appeared possibly willing to help.
Sergeant, may I have a word in private with you?
Benjamin glanced at the guards surrounding the camp. Its commandant had ordered them to be especially vigilant because rumor has it that the Boers are going to attack the camp to free its occupants. He called them that instead of prisoners even though they had no choice about being detained. Satisfied that every guard was facing away from where he stood, Benjamin nodded.
What is it, Mrs. Ten Hout?
My daughter is very sick and will die without a doctor.
Benjamin spied a private walking toward them. Ill see what I can do. He walked away to meet the soldier. After hearing his report of two more deaths during the night, Benjamin went to the building that housed those who administered the camp.
Sgt. Worthington reporting, sir.
The colonel returned his salute while still seated behind a massive desk piled high with paperwork. Its size made the slightly built officer appear quite small. He frowned. Any interruption irritated him, especially any from this sergeant.
Yes, yes. What is it?
Sir, two more inmates died during the night.
Very well. Tell the clerk so he may log the statistic.
Is there any chance of a doctor treating the sick, sir? Not very many of the sick are on the mend, which means more will perish.
The force of the colonels fist hitting the desk knocked his helmet to the floor. A doctor?
Benjamins Adams apple bobbed upward. Yes, sir.
He stood and paced back and forth, hands clasped behind his back, just as his favorite professor at Eton had as he lectured. Your ignorance of the Dutch I shall overlook just this once. Do know who it was that helped the American colonies in their revolt against the Crown?
The French, I believe.
He waved his hands. Yes, of course. But it was the Dutch who turned the tides of war irreparably against us. Their bankers listened to John Adams petitions and lent the rebels vast sums of money. Without it, they would have surely lost the war. Now, some hundred years later you want us to be top rate in our treatment of the descendants of those Dutchmen? Are you daft or is it just the African sun that has baked your brains beyond repair? Our doctors are all quite engaged in treating our troopers for the wounds that the husbands and fathers of those under our care have inflicted. Or have you forgotten that fact as well? He sat down. Dismissed.
As he walked back to Corries tent, Benjamin tried to phrase his words. She spoke before he could. I can tell by your face the news is bad. Please take this and use it to buy some medicine for her. She slid her wedding ring off and dropped it into his coat pocket.
Benjamin glanced at Wilhema. Ten years old, her body had wasted away until she looked small enough to be six or seven. 
Surely the local burg has some medicine.
IIll take a look. Im off duty within the hour.
It took Benjamin a half hour to walk to the nearest town. The first doctors office he reached had closed for the day. When he found the second, its proprietor had just locked the front door and was thinking of what his wife might serve for supper.
Thank God I caught you before you left, Doctor He searched for the doctors name on the door but feared he would mispronounce it.
Lafitte, monsieur. I am closed already. Besides, my policy is not to treat English soldiers such as you. If my treatment proves ineffective and you grow sicker or die no doubt one of your officers will order my practice suspended. Good evening. My wife awaits me.
Benjamin grabbed his shoulders and shook him. Its not for me. One of the children is dying at the camp. You must help her.
Doctor Lafitte examined the hands that held him as if he were giving Benjamin a physical. He waited until the soldier removed his grip.
Thank you. Please follow me. He turned and unlocked the door. After plopping his medical bag on an examination table, he motioned for Benjamin to sit. Describe the symptoms.
Her mother said the fever has lasted days. The poor child cant eat. She is becoming a skeleton. Her mother is so desperate that she sent this as payment for any medicine. The rays of the setting sun that pushed through the offices lone window reflected off of Corries ring.
The doctor shook his head. I cannot take that away from her. He rubbed his own wedding band.
But
I am sorry. Even if I were to accompany you to the camp, I might not be allowed into it. And even if I were to treat the child, most likely she would die anyway. However, I will send you back there with what will at least ease the childs pain and perhaps even help to cure her. But as long as conditions remain as they are at those horrible camps there is little hope.
What do you mean?
The doctor shuffled to his glass-plated medicine cabinet, unlocked it, and retrieved a bottle of powder. He pulled a large envelope from his desk and filled it halfway with the white powder before sealing it. He did not speak until it was in Benjamins trembling hand.
No charge. But please do not return here.
Benjamin staggered backward. Please, doctor. Have mercy. I will endeavor to change any conditions that you suggest.
You fools! For years the great Louis Pasteur told the world why medical practice is so ineffective. Now that hes dead and buried maybe the world at last will listen. He took a step toward Benjamin. The latrines are too close to the tents in your camps! You dont supply enough shovels and dirt for your prisoners to cover their waste! Another step. The water needs to be boiled. You need to provide enough soap and water so they can bathe! Another step. Look at their diet! Even a healthy person would become sick if fed what they are! His face was now five inches from Benjamins trembling head. Concentration camps you call them? A better name would be death camps!
Benjamin stared at his dusty boots. IIm sorry. I dont agree with it, you know.
He ushered Benjamin out through the front door and relocked it. Good luck, sergeant.
But how does her mother give it to her? He waved the bulging envelope.
A teaspoon in water every four hours. And make damn sure the water is boiled first!

Ive got it! Benjamin burst through the tents flap.
Corrie sat motionless. His gaze moved from her tear-stained face to Wilhemas cot, where a dirty sheet covered the tiny body. The long walk to and from town without water and failed mission of mercy forced Benjamin to his knees. When he dropped his head onto her chest a rib cracked and for the first time he imagined how he would feel if it were one of his children lying so still.


18
Did you hear the final numbers?
No, Tommy. I cant say I did.
A half million of our troopers went off to fight the Boers. Of those, 22,000 died, most of them from disease.
Benjamin sensed what was next. He swallowed the rest of his bitter and clutched the edge of the table and swore silently that he would not overturn it.
Almost 10,000 Boer guerillas died. But 26,000 of their wives and children and 10,000 natives died in the camps. Tommy stood and raised his glass. Heres to the bloody Tea-time War that dragged on for two and a half years longer than predicted by those who sit in ivory towers and never get their hands dirty or bloody.
The regulars in the pub ignored Tommy because they knew this was where he relived the past, often vicariously through such as Benjamin. But one newcomer took offense. 
I was there, how about you?
Benjamin intercepted the still enlisted soldier, who was halfway to their table. I was there, too, friend. He placed his arm around his shoulder and steered him back to his booth.
What about that bloke? He thrust a fist toward Tommy, who had returned to reading a book about the English-Boer War.
I served with him in Hong Kong. Hes my brother-in-law. When Benjamin sat down the strangers fists slowly unclenched as he joined him. Would you let an old sergeant buy a fellow soldier of the South Africa campaign a pint?
Ten minutes later, Benjamin explained how my wife is staring at the clock by now, wondering where I am. That brought a tear to his new acquaintance.
Me girlfriend is the same way. She wants to wed. You think I should?
Adalet, Nancy Foxworth, and Mai smiled in Benjamins mind. Do you love her? The soldiers far-off stare answered and made Benjamin sigh. I can tell you must. You best be coming along so that you can propose straight away before someone else comes along and steals her away from you. Come along. Well give you a ride.
Tommy wanted to continue reading so he let Benjamin take the reins of his Clarence cab. It was a five-mile ride to the girlfriends home, enough time for her suitor to partially sober up and develop cold feet.
Im not so certain, sergeant. Im getting butterflies in me stomach.
Has she endured any absence on your behalf?
During the whole of the Boer War.
Look at Tommy back there. He nodded toward the whistling reader.
Yes. I still dont believe you that hes only a cab driver. Hes as happy as a wealthy man of means.
Do I look happy as well?
Yes. But I thought that was due to your only being a reservist now.
No. Im happy because the Good Lord above blessed me with Mai and our children despite all my foolishness. The same is true of Tommy back there.
He pursed his lips and then bit the lower one. Ill only do it if you and Tommy show up at the wedding. In your uniforms. Where should the invitations be sent to?
Benjamin pulled paper and pencil from his coat pocket, handed them to him, and recited his and Tommys addresses. When they reached the intendeds door, the nervous soldier leapt from his perch and pounded on the massive wooden slab. His girlfriend gasped as she opened it and saw the one whom she had given up on and his companions cheering from the carriage. She fainted when he proposed.
On the long trip to Aunt Bessies cottage, Tommy joined Benjamin on the drivers seat. Im sorry that Im down to only one cab now. I really wanted to put you on full-time as a driver. That was our bargain.
Think nothing of it. Now that they have those horseless carriages running about at such high speeds, the roads are no longer safe. They spook the horses continually.
So whats it going to be once you hang up your uniform for good? You have to do something or other.
My reserve duty ends next January, just in time to get the fields ready for a planting.
You a farmer? Go on.
Its an honorable trade. My grandfather and father did it till their dying day. Ive already inquired of a landowner whos willing to lease me a part of his fields.
Tommy laughed. Me? Ill keep driving my cab till my dying day. Probably have to switch to a horseless one eventually. But what will you do once the harvests come in each year?
Write a book.
Tommy blinked. His momentary silence, a rare occasion unless he was reading, humored Benjamin. I thought you liked to read.
Its just that youre like me, not one minute spent at a fancy prep school or university.
Nevertheless, I can read and write. Reading all of Kiplings tales has inspired me to do it.
Then I want the first copy. Autographed of course.
Sent to Benjamin five years earlier, Rods manuscript had traveled as far as Aunt Bessies previous London dwelling. Its new occupants had no idea who Benjamin Worthington was and did not care. Delivered during a cold spell the day before the mother was to be paid for her long hours of toil at a factory, the manuscript served as a substitute for the coal that could not be purchased until payday.


19
Benjamins first two years as a farmer were a success. Income from that and his pension allowed his family to live comfortably. Aunt Bessies death had been a surprise, the reading of her will an even greater one.
She left everything to you, Mr. Worthington. The solicitor who had handled Bessies finances for thirty-seven years smiled. After hearing of your Australian gold-hunting expedition, she insisted I invest the bulk of her savings in a gold mining venture there. Of course I first made numerous inquiries before settling on a firm headed by a gentleman whose character and reputation are above reproach.
Benjamins jaw dropped. When his mouth did not re-close the lawyer hoped it had not come unhinged. From sad experience, he knew the reading of wills could unhinge heirs in more ways than one. I kept telling her she had enough money from the stock in the gold mining company to move from her cottage into a comfortable estate but she said it was to go to you and your family instead.
Stock in a gold venture?
Mai smiled at the news. She hugged him when Benjamin said it was time to visit her family in Hong Kong.

Returning to the land of her birth proved traumatic for Mai. The Boxer Rebellion at the turn of the century had brought two of her sisters and their families to Hong Kong as they fled the rampage against foreigners and Chinese Christians. Continued unrest made them unwilling to return to northern China. Mai basked in their presence.
You look like a dried up sponge thats grown three times as large and come back to life the way you soak up your familys love, Benjamin said as he watched his wilted flower blossom.
Yes. His analogy bordered on a proverb she had learned as a child. After two decades, the wisdom of her land had begun to penetrate her husband.
Without Tommy as a buffer for Zhu-ting, Benjamin had penned a long list of sightseeing trips to take his children on: Macau, Canton, Victoria Peak, and Nancy Foxworths mission. But the list was discarded after grandchildren met grandparents. Because both of Benjamins parents had died while Mary, Lilly, and Ben were toddlers, the concept of grandparents remained strange to them. The love they now enjoyed made the long voyage worthwhile after all. After an hour of their getting to know one another, Benjamin excused himself.
I have to check in at the barracks to see who might be there that I know.
Zhu-ting caught up with him at the gate to his modest home. May I accompany you, Benjamin?
Never before had his father-in-law asked his permission and rarely had he addressed him by first name. He stared at him to make sure it was Zhu-ting and not one of his brothers. 
Yes. If you must. Your English is much improved.
I take lessons while in Australia.
As they walked, Benjamin waited for the other shoe to drop. He probably wants to revive his export business with me running the London office. Or maybe hes looking for a handout because of Aunt Bessies inheritance. His chest tightened as he imagined a third possibility. He wants to come to live with us because of the Boxer Rebellion. What if he brings along all of Mais sisters and families as well? Visions of living in a manor overrun by in-laws made his heart race.
I want to thank you.
Here it comes. Hes thanking me in advance for what hes about to ask.
You good husband to Mai and son-in-law by presenting us grandchildren.
I am?
He patted him on the back, another first. Quite, as you British say.
The visit to Benjamins old barracks produced one soldier whom he had met during his second tour in Egypt. They made an appointment to meet the next day at a restaurant to rehash that conflict and others.
You are fortunate to know many, Zhu-ting said as they walked home.
Benjamin remembered how people had been commodities for Zhu-ting, including family. Does retirement mellow one that much? 
You seem to be a changed person. What happened?
It was the cave-in. I lose three miners in Australia. Everything change after cave-in.
Benjamin recalled several British officers who had undergone similar transformations after losing men in battle. But he had written off his father-in-law as beyond redemption long ago. Thinking of redemption caused him to stop off at Nancy Foxworths mission. The staff sent him to her new location, a mission at the frontier of The New Territories. Because of the expansion of the colony in 1898, it took him a day by horseback to reach it.
A very pregnant Nancy greeted him.
Benjamin? She hugged him, her round belly not yielding an inch against his soft stomach. They rang me up that you were coming. Come along and meet my brood. Introductions to husband Terry, sons Arthur and Joshua, and daughter Glenda took place as all sat down for supper. Terrys strange accent marked him as one from outside the Empire.
Sure is good to meet you all. Terry said as he passed a huge bowl of rice to Benjamin. Nancy shore nuff has been bending my ear telling tales about you.
Are you from America originally?
Bingo, good buddy. I hail from the swamplands of Georgia. God had to send me clear off to China to match me up with Nancy. But you know Nancy. It was worth the trip.


20
War Rages On!
The headline screamed at Rod while his train rumbled southward. As he folded the newspaper he prayed Benjamin would sit this one out. Once again desperation brought him to Central City. He had made the pilgrimage to Samantha Hillsdales cottage three times. This would be the last. If I cant get it right this time, Im giving up.
Why did she have nine published novels, one a best seller, while his book, implanted in his imagination thirty-two years ago during his journey up the Mississippi, had yet to be accepted by a publisher, large or small? After sulking for an hour he decided to ask her. Why not? There was nothing left to lose. I think its because her roots go all the way to the bedrock of Kentucky. Shell probably die in the same town she was born in. Yeah, its because she tapped into the lifeblood of small town folks by never writing them off like I did after I took off for Chicago. Wish I had it to do over again.
A feast greeted him. Samantha had her live-in cook prepare Rods favorite meal: thick steaks, well done for him; baked potatoes; green beans; and pecan pie for dessert. Samantha picked at her steak, so rare that it bled. 
I finally figured out why all your books get bought.
Oh?
Yeah. Its because your roots go down deeper than all the caves of Kentucky do. Youre tapped into some mighty underground river that feeds your imagination even while youre asleep.
Oh, pshaw, Rodney. Im old enough to be your mother. Can I finally speak to you like one?
Uh, I guess so.
What did that famous inventor say? That his inventions were one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration?
Yeah.
My formula for writing is fifty percent love and fifty percent perspiration. You know I rewrite every one of my books at least seven times before I send them off.
Whats love got to do with writing?
It comes down to this: what do you love more, money and fame or writing for the sake of writing?
But what good is it if you pour your heart and soul into a book and then it never gets published?
The Lord works in mysterious ways, Rodney. Reading your book through all of its rewrites has inspired me.
The compliment made Rod inhale a sliver of steak. It took both the cook and Samantha pounding on his upper back to dislodge it.
Thanks. Maybe you two just beat some sense into me.
I have to do the shopping now, Samantha. Weary of playing nurse, the cook edged toward the door. Any other errands for me to run? 
I almost forgot. Did you bring your payment for my advice, Rodney? Mildred has to drop it off for me.
He sighed as he opened his small briefcase. Are six of them enough? He handed the dime novels to Mildred.
Samantha smiled. For now. My grandchildren will expect more in the mail from you. They love your stories.
Rod stared out the window as his train crossed the Ohio River. Now I got two moms to worry about. I still cant figure out why her grandkids like my short stories so much. They couldnt be any cornier if they had to, especially my shoot em up westerns. Maybe they like the science fiction.
Another meeting awaited him in Evansville. He had accepted only because Stewart had mentioned how a publisher from Chicago who had bankrolled his successful run for the state legislature was interested in Rods book.
If he was willing to help a rat like me just think what he can do for a nice country boy like you, Stewart had said. Clever as ever, Stewart had a surprise waiting for Rod as he entered his home. Come on in, Rod. I want you to meet your publisher, Mr. Funkler.
Rod grasped the small hand of the slender man who stood only five and one quarter feet tall. Good to finally meet you, sir. Stewart has spoken well of you.
He had better. It was my extremely large and generous donation that elected him. His head bobbed to either side of Rod as he peered out the still open front door. I must be off to the train station to catch the 8:20 back to Chicago. I left a contract for you to sign. Stewart will fill you in on the details. Good evening.
When Stewart locked the door to his study Rod knew the devil was going to be in those details. He studied the one who held his dreams fulfillment or demise. Stewarts belly now hung over his belt, the result of constant free meals from those seeking favors. A pair of short sideburns made him look the part of state legislator. Every hair atop his head was plastered into place with a sweet-smelling hair tonic. Feeling more tension than during his painful visit to the dentist a week ago, Rod tried to speed up the negotiations.
So do I just give you a pound of my flesh or do you want my soul too?
Stewart chuckled as he bit the end off of a fat Cuban cigar and spit it into the bamboo wicker trashcan. He tossed the contract onto his guests lap. I got you a five-book deal, Rod.
Five books? Rod had expected a contract for one. He scanned the document as Stewart lit the cigar. Stewart hummed as he blew smoke rings that drifted around Rods head. After studying the contract for five minutes, Rod placed it on the mahogany desk where Stewart sat, feet propped up on it. Looks good on paper. But what are the details?
Now that theyre drafting our boys into the Army to send them off to France, the war will end pretty soon, probably just another year or so. Its what will go on afterwards that we got to plan on, Rod. Theres going to be a whole wagonload of discontent from all the widows and family members who lose their boys in France. And the soldiers who survive will be all riled up, too. If we arent careful theyll vote Republican come 1920. Cant have none of that. So were going to have to revive some fraternal organizations big time in this state to channel all that discontent into.
The Klan?
Smart boy. Thats what I always liked about you.
Tell me. How do you take ordinary folks and get them to burn crosses?
Not hard at all. We just scare them to death by giving them copies of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion. I dont know about anyone else but for me personally burning the cross is my way of saying I dont believe what Jesus said about all authority has been given to Me in heaven and on earth. If thats true Hes sure doing a lousy job of running things!
What about all your fancy talk about being a Christian?
Listen, Im a politician. Rule number one is telling the voters what they want to hear. Rule number two is to lie when you have to keep rule number one.
How am I supposed to write five books and be a journalist at the same time?
Oh, I forgot to tell you. Mr. Funkler has an editor on staff that can write. All he needs from you is outlines. Hes going to fill in the blanks for you. Mr. Funkler said that manuscript you sent him a few years back looked like it was written by two people so you shouldnt mind.
Thats because I wrote part and Ben Worthington wrote part. He sent me his memoir about six years ago. I wrote him and he agreed to let me weave it into my book.
Look. I dont care about books, just votes. Getting the Klan back in gear isnt going to be enough. You and I both know that. I need you writing puff pieces on my legislation up at the state capitol. Okay? Whats so hard about that?
Rod stared at the woodwork behind Stewart. The hand-carved leaves and fruit gave the appearance of an arbor straining under the weight of a fully ripened crop. Smiling nymphs interspersed throughout the fruit mocked Rod. He felt like one of the beasts of burden that carried the nymphs, but which, a donkey or horse? Im just a donkey in the game Stewart loves to play.
I dont like to pressure anyone, Rod. Besides, it doesnt work with a stubborn old cuss like you anyway. But I only got till next week to let Mr. Funkler know if youre coming on board. He has some other writers in mind if you back out. Get back to me by Sunday. Go home and sleep on it.


21
Benjamin winced as the urine escaped Victorias knickers, soaked his trousers, and dampened his skin. 
Time for a change! Her nappies leaked. He held her aloft as her mother fetched her. Flipping over the manuscript he had been reading from, he discovered the bottom pages were damp. Ha! Rod will get a charge when I write him that my granddaughter pissed on our book. He tossed the manuscript onto a lamp stand. Time for me to be off anyway. Can you hold some supper for me till I get back?
Daughter Mary nodded. 
Benjamin went to his bedroom and thumbed through its closet. He chose his dress uniform complete with medals for wars fought in Egypt and South Africa. It was a tad snug about his middle but at least his daughters and granddaughter thought he looked dapper enough in it to appear in public.
Today he could walk to the cemetery it was his duty to visit. And the sun was out. Rather odd, he thought. Rain, fog, or at the very least, clouds were much better to set the mood for ashes to ashes and dust to dust. This would be the fifty-seventh funeral for a fallen soldier that he had attended since 1914. Those services were distributed at five graveyards not too distant from the small manor where three generations of Worthingtons dwelled. On days there was no funeral he went door to door to enlist people in the National Savings Movement on behalf of the war effort.
Benjamin preferred the cemetery he entered ten minutes later because he could kill two birds with one stone. No make that three. Word was that the Yanks were already landing in France. Perhaps before too many more of these funerals with crying mums and dads, somber brothers and sisters, stunned children, relatives, and friends, the War to End All Wars could at last end?
Such thoughts always occupied him as the pastor led the faithful crowded about the deceased in words meant to heal. As the rite ended, Benjamin ignored offers to join other aged warriors at the nearest pub. Instead, he walked to the other side of the graveyard, to the place Mai had chosen for Ben Juniors final resting place.
He had looked so handsome and brave in his crisp brown uniform and helmet as he boarded the ship for France. During dark moments, his father wondered how he looked after orders sent him from the trenches into No Mans Land and the hell of the Huns machine gun and howitzer fire.
We dont even find bodies of some lads who go missing, a drunken lieutenant home on leave had said. At times we find pieces of God only knows who.
Benjamin had nicknamed Mai Pretty Flower during their gold prospecting in Western Australia. For two years after their sons death that flower had wilted until she joined him in a grave next to his. Husband and father still referred to both of them in the present tense. Benjamin read the tombstones, always his last act before leaving:

Ben Worthington, Jr.
Born: Nov. 2, 1896 London
Died: Dec. 10, 1914 The Fields of France

Mai Chen Worthington
Born: Sept. 30, 1862 Chifeng, China
Died: Dec. 24, 1916 London


22
Aw, shucks, Rod. How come I cant go into town with you? I done all my chores just like you said. Billys bottom lip swelled as it jutted above his chin.
All except one.
Huh?
Where are the last fifty pages to my book? I promised Benjamin going on two years now that Id send it off. Hes going to take it around London and find us a publisher if it kills him. At least thats what he says. Besides, his granddaughter peed on the last one you typed up.
Oh. I guess I forgot, huh? His lip slowly retracted. Okay. But I need fifteen cents a page from now on.
Fifteen cents? A dime a page is plenty. Who do think I am? Rockefeller?
Nope. I finally got it all figured out. Youre like Andrew Carnegie, the way you always help people out. And I know he aint a penny pincher. Look at all the libraries he built.
Okay, okay. You win.
Yahoo!
Rod started the cars engine. What are you going to spend it on, little brother?
Im going to buy me some stock like everyone else is doing.
Stock? In what?
Coca-Cola! That way, every time I drink one I can say that I own a piece of the company Im drinking.
Rod put the Model T Ford into gear, waved good-bye to Billy and Patty, and maneuvered the car past a flock of hens and two roosters. Patty yelled from her garden.
I love you! Hurry home!
Rod waved again. After declining Stewart Daloys details for the five-book deal he began a process of mailing and receiving the manuscript back and forth across the Atlantic to Benjamin. Each time it returned with new anecdotes and corrections. Rod had written Benjamin a week ago that the manuscript coming his way within a month would be the last version. No sense in beating a dead horse, he had written. If we rewrite this any more its going to be deader than a doornail.
A year after he had turned down Stewarts offer, Rod said yes when his editor friend Tom asked him to join the staff of his new weekly paper to write its editorials. Since then, corrupt and inept politicians at the local, state, and federal levels; gangsters who ran the gambling, prostitution, and alcohol rackets; and others fumed as Rod made them the target of his pen. 
A The pen is mightier than the sword plaque hung on the wall by his desk. For the first time in his life, Rod felt at peace with his Maker, that he was doing what he had been put on this earth to accomplish. He harbored no hard feelings toward Stewart Daloy and the others, only toward their actions.
He had traveled less than a mile when a neighbor flagged him to a stop. 
You heading into town?
Yeah. I need some things from the hardware store.
Good. Mind picking me up a half case of dynamite? I got some stumps left over from the trees I cut down that I need to blast out down in the back forty.
Sure. Come to think of it, Pattys been wanting me to take out all those trees by her garden. She wants to put in a big pumpkin patch to sell them for Halloween and Thanksgiving. Ill get a case and drop off half of it to you on my way back home.
Sounds like a winner. Let me know when youre ready to cut those trees down. I got one of those eight-foot lumberjack saws. It cuts through em like a hot knife through butter.
Okay. Ill be back by about seven or eight.
Good timing. Meribeths got some pies baking. You can have a piece with coffee and we can jawbone about your last editorial. It was a humdinger. Bet the boys up at the statehouse crapped in their pants when they read it.
Rod chuckled. Such praise offset the dozens of nasty letters he received each week.

You got the last case of dynamite, Rod. Lets see, now. That plus the lumber plus the paint plus the nails The clerk punched the keys of the cash register. When one stuck, he used a pair of pliers to free it. Guess I need to clean and oil it up again. That comes to $49.97. Well deliver the lumber tomorrow.
Sounds good.
The clerk lowered his voice. Rod, there was a mean looking guy with Illinois plates on his car that was in here looking for you. Dressed just like a gangster. Watch out for yourself. I told the sheriff already about him.
Thanks, Chester.
Stopping off at Toms house delayed Rod. As usual they sat and solved the worlds problems, starting with those closest to home. Night had fallen by the time Rod left.
Sorry to hold you up, Rod. Tom waved good-bye from his front porch.
Thats okay. Henry and Meribeth have some pecan and apple pies waiting for me on the way home.
I need your next editorial by Tuesday. Thanks, Rod.
For what?
For taking a chance by going to work for me from the first day. I couldnt have done it without you and your press and your editorials.
You pitched in to buy me that press, Tom. What goes around comes around, like they say. Youre the best editor Ive ever had. He hopped into the drivers seat. And Ive had more of those than all of my fingers and toes. He flashed ten of them out of the cars window. Rod had to drive slower at night, even after he entered the country road outside of Evansville because the small headlights only pierced thirty feet of the darkness. Though going ten miles an hour, he had to slam on the brakes when shadowy hooded figures appeared in their beams.
Oh, no. Not again. He reached for his revolver and remembered he had left it at home in pieces for Patty to clean and reassemble.
Hold it right there, Mr. Newspaper Man.
Rod sighed as he turned off the engine and counted eight of the white-sheeted men. Looks like the gangs all here tonight, boys. Last time it was only three of you.
One of them displayed a thick rope with a hangmans noose on its end. Were going to have us a necktie party, Rod. And youre the guest of honor.
Oh come off it, William. Wouldnt you rather be at home with cute little wife of yours? If you keep staying out at night someone else is going to steal her away from you for sure.
Howd he know it was me? Are the holes too big in my hood so he can see through them that its me? Rope Man turned to the vigilantes leader.
Dont fret yourself, Willie. Rod grinned. Everyone around here knows that deep bass voice of yours. And thats probably Al, Tim, Johnny, Monroe, Davy, Charles, and Larry standing by you, right?
Wrong, Mr. smarty pants. Tims at home with a bad fever. Good thing for you, too. He said he was going to kick your butt till it turned black and blue!
Shut up! Leader Man cursed.
Come on, boys. I know good and well that its Stewart Daloy who sent you. How come he never comes along? Probably because he doesnt want to get his hands bloody. The last time three of you worked me over I was sore for weeks.
Stewart aint got nothing to do with this! Rope Man shook the noose in Rods sweaty face. He told us just to rough you up. Hanging you from that tree over there was my idea, not Stewarts.
Shut up, Willie! You know Stewart told us never to mention his name. Charles, hold your gun on him. The rest of you come over here with me.
Nice shotgun, Charles. Rod stared up its two barrels. Is it packed with double aught buckshot?
Yeah. Dammit all, Rod. You talk too much. You write too much. If you wouldve just kept your big mouth shut, they were just going to work you over again. But now because dumbo over there mentioned Mr. Daloy theyre going to do something real bad. I can feel it coming.
Rod gently pushed the shaking barrels away from his face. You mind backing your finger off those two triggers, Charles? Im not going anywhere.
You know Ive been trying to quit them, Rod. They wont let me. They said theyd burn my place down if I do. All I can do now is try to keep you alive.
Appreciate your help. Youre the only one thinking straight.
As Charles joined the group of arguing men, advice from Benjamin given during their first meeting at Shareefs caf popped into Rods head. 
If you ever face the gallows, ask for a firing squad instead. All those bullets will kill you much quicker than any rope can, Rod.
Rod removed the lid from the case of dynamite and slid the oblong box onto his lap with the open end propped against the door. He hid it under his coat. 
The mob returned to the car.
Get out! Leader Man commanded.
I tried to talk them out of it, Rod. But they wont listen! Charles started sobbing.
Rod held up a hand. Wait just a minute. I get one last request. Thats the way I always read it happens.
What do you want? A cigarette?
No, sir. Just a firing squad. If Im all shot full of holes, Ill have a closed casket at my funeral. I dont want all the mourners looking at my ugly mug with an open casket. Itll ruin their appetite for all the good food folks will bring to the wake.
No! I want to lynch him! Rope Man wailed.
Think about it. You all lynch me and everyones going to know it was the Klan who did it. And everyone knows youre in the Klan. But if you shoot me then folks will think it was the gangsters who did it. The nastiest letters I get are anonymous ones from gangsters about me ending up dead. Shoot, Chester down at the hardware store warned me that theres one in town from Illinois looking for me.
Hmm. Come on boys! All except you, Charles. Your votes dont count any more! Leader Man assembled his followers for another vote. Majority rules, even when it comes to inflicting terror and murder. Except for anyone with a conscience.
Im sorry, Rod. What am I going to do?
Youre going to listen real close. I doubt theyre going to let you out of the firing squad, Charles. All you have to do is aim your shotgun at this part of the door. Rod thumped his trembling left hand on the part of the door next to the case of explosives. That way your buckshot will miss me and youll be able to sleep at night. None of this mess is your fault. Youre the only one here who doesnt have his head up his butt and that includes me. I guess the Good Lord is about to knock me off my high and mighty horse for the last time.
But
Listen. The only way you can shoot so youll miss me is to prop your gun barrel up on Willies shoulder. Hes the biggest and fattest one of the bunch. Im surprised you found a sheet big enough to fit him. One other thing. Write a note telling my wife and kids that I love them. Tell Patty to sell the farm and give twenty percent of the money to Billy so he can buy his stock. Just slip the note into the mailbox by the side of the road by our place. Pattys wanted to move out to St. Louis to be by her sister for the longest time. Now she can. Okay?
Ookay.
Leader Man returned. It was unanimous. Well shoot you dead instead. Sorry it took so long but we had to pass the bottle around first so we can shoot straight.
Okay. No hard feelings, boys. We got to do this right. Rod clapped his hands. Now these gangsters are professionals so thats what you got to be. Now, if it were Al Capones boys out of Chicago, they would all shoot at the drivers side of the car so they could have a better target to hit. So all of you line up off to my left, shoulder to shoulder. Thats the way I saw them do it when I was up in Chicago last summer. I suppose you want poor old Charles here to join in?
Damn right!
Yes, sir!
You said it! All for one and one for all!
Okay. Sorry, but I guess they arent changing their minds about that, Charles, even though youre shaking so bad youll probably miss.
Tough luck!
Like I was saying, let Charlie prop up his shotgun on Willie boys shoulder so he can shoot straight. Otherwise all that double aught buckshot of his will miss the car. If that happens the sheriff will know right off it was a bunch of amateurs who shot me deader than a doornail. Hes been studying that new forensic science way of solving crimes and is so good at it he can figure out what happened just by looking real close at everything. Well, lets get this over with before I pee in my pants. Ill just roll up the window to make it look like I was driving by instead of stopped with the window open. That way the sheriff will figure it was someone I didnt know that shot me full of lead. You know, some out of town torpedo sent down here by some crime boss.
Line up, boys! Leader Man ordered. Easy as shooting fish in a barrel. Thanks for being so understanding, Rod. Right neighborly of you. You get in line too, Charles. Prop your gun on top of Willies shoulder. Any more last requests, Rod?
No, sir. Been nice knowing you boys.
Epilogue

After the large metal pellets from Charles shotgun penetrated the thin metal door, most of them hit the dynamite. The resulting explosion turned the car into shrapnel of many shapes and sizes. Five of the executioners died at the scene. 
A two-inch piece of metal grazed Charles scalp, leaving him with a long jagged scar to remind him of that night every time he looked into a mirror. Rope Man Willies fat saved him. A doctor removed thirteen pieces of steel, glass, and chrome from his bulging thighs, stomach, and arms. Leader Man also survived when he decided to play commander of his firing squad and call out the order of Readyaimfire! Because he was ten feet from the line of guns with his body facing the shooters instead of the car, he presented a smaller target. Nevertheless, enough shrapnel tore into his left leg and left arm that they had to be amputated. He cursed his rail thinness and Willies two hundred and eighty-two pounds of fat. He and Willie spent the remainder of their days blaming each other for their wounds. Neither one questioned Charles when he never again donned a white hood and robe. 
Because the three of them were miles in different directions by the time the sheriff interrogated them, the district attorney, a close friend of Stewart Daloy, declined to bring charges. Unimpressed with forensic science, he deemed the trios wounds as circumstantial at best, coincidental at worst. 
The jury and defense attorneys will make mincemeat out of any charges I could bring up, he told the sheriff.
Patty found the note in her mailbox a week after Rods murder. She cried as she read it and weakly smiled when the farm sold a month later. She joined her sister and daughter Clara in St. Louis, where she eventually remarried. Son Bob labored on at daily papers in Chicago and later, Detroit and St. Louis. Son Stanley bought a farm in North Dakota. 
Billy bought shares of the company that bottled his favorite soda. He typed the last fifty pages of Rods manuscript, which then sat forgotten in a trunk that was purchased at Billys estate sale in 1937.
Acknowledgments

Thanks to the following:
My high school English teachers, Sister Mary John, Sister Aurelia, Mr. Ludwig, and Miss Boyd. They took no prisoners as they had us read, memorize, and discuss Shakespeare, Poe, the Brontes, Melville, Hawthorne, Hemingway, Sandburg, Thornton, and many others.
My wife Jean for her critique of the third draft and the books cover design.
Linda Boulos and Becky Stroble for their copyediting.
Dino De Luca for the cover photo.
Author Dolores McCabe for her insightful critique of the first thirty pages. 

Books read for background:
The Egyptian Campaign, 1882 to 1885 by Charles Royle
A History of Egypt by Jason Thompson
Indiana by William E Wilson
Indiana, American Guide Series
The Chinese Mafia by Fenton Bresler
Empires End by John Keay
China; From the Opium Wars to the 1911 Revolution by Jean Chesneaux, Marianne Bastid, Marie-Claire Bergere 
China Journal 1889-1900 by Eva Jane Pierce
Australia by Frank Welsh
A Victorian Scrapbook by Cynthia Hart, John Grossman, Priscilla Dunhill
Victorian England by Sally Mitchell
The Boer War by Eversley Belfield
Diamonds, Gold, and War by Martin Meredith
The Man Who Would Be King by Rudyard Kipling. This book and movie of the same name should be required reading and viewing by any nation before venturing into another nation as friend or foe. The movie features Michael Caine, Sean Connery, and Christopher Plummer in roles that they were born to play.

Like us at Facebook for updates on other books: www.facebook.com/hfscifi

