




Scar
The Reaper Series #1
By: CC Faye
Blog: http://ccfayeauthor.blogspot.com/
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/9863221.C_C_Faye
Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/-/e/B00Q0Z6Z3K

Copyright 2014 by CC Faye
All rights reserved.
Cover Art by CC Faye
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. Unauthorized duplication is prohibited.
No part of this book can be reproduced in any form or by electronic or mechanical means including information storage and retrieval systems, without the permission in writing from author. The only exception is by a reviewer who may quote short excerpts in a review.
Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Acknowledgements
About the Author







Chapter 1




I used to dream of flowers, all kinds of it. But then as time passed by, my eyes were not the only ones who could sense something differentsomething mysterious. I wanted to find that question, the answers hidden on the colorful flowers that I used to gather in the garden. 
Two hours before school, I was holding my tiny, green watering can, tilting to water the flowers, when I saw a gray-eyed boy, standing near the roses, sniffing. But as I turned around, he vanished, as if he was never there from the start. Am I dreaming, or was it just my imagination?
I pressed my hands on my temples, making sure that Im awake. I am, or maybe the sun was making me dizzy, though there were times when I saw them aroundspirits or ghosts, the ones hiding in my mothers garden, blinking among the shadows. Im just dreaming, I said to myself. 
Miss.
Ken, the Kurosawas chauffeur and leading guard, stepped into the daylight, outside the wire-rimmed fence that used to hold off the withered roses. We had been best friends since we were little. He had gotten his mothers blue-gel eyes and his fathers loving face. My step-brother. Girls wouldnt be able to resist his perfect, brother figure. 
Did I scare you, Miss? Ken asked, looking disappointed. I shook my head. Miss was just what the maids call me, after all, Im the daughter of a very powerful man. 
A little, I muttered. He was wearing a loose, blue kimono with long sleeves, the way Japanese servants used to serve their masters family. The collar fitted his neck perfectly, forming the shape of his broad shoulders.
 His brown hair was tousled to the right. The golden ring that he carried when he was an orphan, still looked brand new on his right finger. Why do you always have to scare me in the morning? You dont have to follow me around like a lost puppy. Im a big girl now. I said. Since little, after my parents adopted Ken, he had been given an exclusive position to guard me as my protector. So now, he was more of an employer than a family member.
My job is to protect you as my mistress. But if you insist on hiding behind your mothers ga
Mother would be glad if you could loosen up for a bit. I said. Look how beautiful it is.
He followed his gaze to the colorful flowers blooming in front of him. He nodded silently and sighed, pulling his sleeves up. Yes, you did a wonderful job, Kiko. Your father would be glad.
Father, that word itself snapped inside my head. Maybe that wasn't the right word for it. Instead, it was stranger. I had to remind myself that Ken wasnt the only one who didnt had parents. When I was twelve, mother died from Lung Cancer, and on the day of her funeral, my father didnt came home, leaving me alone to handle all those criticizing comments from mothers unknown relatives. Ken was there; he was fourteen at that time, and I had been twelve. It was him who took great responsibility in entertaining our guests, patched up the withered flowers from mothers coffin, and wiped away my tears with a handkerchief, but after that I never saw him cry in front of his stepmother. He was silent as a mute child. 
 Don't ever call him like that! I hissed, and Ken went silent. He would never appreciate this beauty if he wasn't so far away.
There, there, Kiko. Forgive your best friend for saying it so loud, Ken gave me a brotherly pat on the back, and tipped the bridge of his glasses with his two fingers. Theres only fifteen minutes left before school. If I were you, I should be getting ready.
Fine, fine. I said angrily. Just a few seconds, and Ill hop into the car.
Ken smiled. Thats my girl.
I waited until Ken was out of sight, and kneeled on the ground, watering the tiny lilies. My father was the Mafia boss of a dangerous organization. I barely knew him after mother died, because he was frequently leaving the house to attend his business. 
If only theres something that could take me from reality I muttered to the flowers.
 A halo spirit appeared, and shape-shifted into a sunflower with black beady eyes. It waved at me, and vanished in the air, showering golden pollen dust on the flowers. What just happened? Did it actually waved at me?
And then reality snapped back to me. How could I forget school? The building was just blocks away from our house, and the sky was already turning grey. Im worried that if I disappear, no one will be able to take care of the garden that mother left me. My fathers image came into my mind, and I stubbornly pushed that vision aside. Not him, I hissed.

I entered the black SUV, brushing the comfy cushions with my fingers. The car steered forward, and the Kurosawas massive, lavish, mansion became blurry along the ride. I took the family katana under the seat that was a few inches to my feet. This sharp, Japanese sword was given to me before my mother died. It will protect you so keep it always, her words echoed. Even though I tried to remember her face so many times, I couldnt seem to puzzle things together. Mother taught me sword lessons using this katana, back at the enormous courtyard behind the mansions walls. 
Ken, I said. He didnt turn, focusing on driving with one hand, but I still continued. Do you ever think that your life is boring?
He snickered silently and turned the wheel to the right. 
Money was the most valuable thing in the world. Many people said that it will save half percent of your life, if you had most of it. I do, in fact, had it. But even if I could buy anything I want, my family wasnt there to give me the love of a family. Just like Ken. Through those fake kind eyes, I wondered how angry he was, now that he hadnt got any parents left. 
Why do you say that? He said. I shrugged and tightly clutched the handle of the katana.
Because my life sucks. You know, its just the same thing with every day and nothing changes.
Thats not true. I think there are more obstacles humans are going to tackle. You just didnt experienced it yet.
Geez, Ken. I frowned. You always think positive things.
He laughed, and focused his sight on the road. Im happy with my life.  Because I have you with me.
I flushed and looked at the other direction. He laughed, his cheeks had gone red. I dont think Ken as my lover, thats a different story. I love him because he was my brother, and my only friend I had left.
Were here, Ken said, his voice turned serious. My eyes went to the fifth-story, school building that stood in front of our car. Before the school, there was a vast field for sports, and the wide parking area for students. 
I opened the car door, just as several higher ups stared at me. The Kurosawas SUV stood out from the rest of the worn out cars, black and shiny. I ignore them as I shouldered my katana, and hauled up my Louis Vuitton bag.
Good luck, Miss. Ken said. I waved my hand at him when he drove away, leaving me alone in the field. 
Instantly, I unsheathe my sword, and blocked Lenas surprise attack from behind. She pressed the wooden stick on my blade, harder, but I kept my strength and kicked her in the stomach. She slid on the ground with a painful yelp, her wooden stick out of reach, lying on the gravel of the road. I retreated my sword and sheathed it, with my thumb supporting. 
Lena, my competitor in Judo class, liked to attack me during morning, to show other people that she could beat me, the top skilled Judo master in school. In fact, no one had beaten me in sword fighting, ever. The only thing Im good about, was being able to defend myself because I knew how to use a weapon. That made me different from the rest of the girls. Some thought I was a tomboy.
Darn you, Kiko. Youre too good! Lena massaged her butt, wincing. Her red hair tumbled down to her eyes. The katana spun expertly in my hand, and smirked at my best friend, who always surprised me with her attacks. Lena reached a hand, and I did the same, pulling her up, so we were on eye level. "How do you manage to attack without even blinking, huh?"
"I don't know, it's just instinct." I said. Lena pouted like a seven year old. "Hey, are we just going to stand here and talk?"
Before Lena could speak, a voice said. She's right, you know, I have Physics class on my first list. Look at Kiko, she cant get beaten by one of her gym mates. Shes the number one Kendo master in the gym class, and you are just an amateur. Ginger walked on her side, looking bored, followed by her long black hair waving behind her. She was wearing 4-inch glassy heels, with a clipboard resting on her right arm. She had been together with Lena since they were five years old. Best of friends. "Come on, Lena, let's go."
 Geez, Im going to beat you next morning. Just wait and see. Lena said, and after she walked out, burst into a hysterical laugh, causing some people to think that she was a lunatic. Ginger shook her head at me before they left. 

After English class had ended, I went to the corridors to go to my next class, Biology, and paused when I passed the hallway of mirrors. Fear snapped inside me. The walls were full of top-to-bottom mirrors, and I saw myself in every direction as I turned around.
My green eyes stared back at me, along with my brown hair resting on my shoulders. A horrible feeling pounded inside my heart, as if Im being surrounded by a ghastly aura. Its already 3pm, so why is the school suddenly quiet? The hallway turned to long, passageway full of mirrors, showing my face in each stand. I always passed this corridor without any sign of fear, so why now?
Creepy. I clutched my uniform ribbon tightly in my chest. Why do I feel like Im being followed by someone? Where is everybody? 
A hand suddenly clamped my mouth, making me scream. My body jerked back, and I heard my bag spilled things on the floor, along with the sharp clang of my sword. I struggled, but another hand cupped my mouth, resisting my strength. My heart throbbed hastily in my chest. I couldnt breathe, so I gave a strong kick backward. The person behind me groaned in pain, though he didnt let me go.
The mirrors reflected myself, showing a fat man with an unknown face, securing me from behind. I needed to think of something. My sword! I tried to reach it, but the man pulled my head back, my neck aching painfully.
Tears sprung from my eyes, while a lovely scent went inside my nose, weakening my senses. Everything was spinning, turning darker, and darker, every time I blinked. My eyelids felt heavy, slowly closing. My vision went round, and round, before darkness swallowed everything.

When I opened my eyes, my hands were bleeding. My mouth was gagged by an awful, smelly handkerchief, turning my nose runny and sniffy. Where am I? My eyes adjusted when the room lightened up. Im inside a storage room. Midnight. There were several big boxes piled on top of the corners of the walls. Cobwebs were hanging upside down from the ceiling, and Im sitting in the middle of the room, with ropes tied on my arms and legs. Every time I move, Im forced to bite the handkerchief on my mouth to keep myself from crying out in pain.
This was the price of being the daughter of a rich, powerful Mafia boss. Enemies of my father knew how to target his weakness. Me. 
My mind analyzed everything, along with fear, pain, and panic, and still I didnt had a clue to get out of here. Thankfully, Im still wearing my school uniform, but how many hours had I been unconscious?
My backpack and my sword were left at the hallway of mirrors. Ginger and Lena dont know where I am. Im kidnapped by some random guy, who maybe wanted my money orelse
No. Dont think that. But being a Mafia bosss daughter, it was no use being safe with enemies waiting to pounce on you. Im going to die. Im going to get killed
I started to sob, erasing the painful memories clouding inside my head, and just as I turned around, my heart leaped up to my throat. It was the gray-eyed boy from the garden, standing on top of the window. He was wearing a smooth, white mask painted with a red, diagonal scar in the middle between two eye holes. Black leather jacket, and slim black pants. The way his broad shoulders were perfectly align, the beautiful concept of his mask, somehow, made me attracted to him. 
But as I feared, just when I blinked again, he was already gone. The windows were empty, so could it be that Im seeing one of those illusions again?
Suddenly, a bright figure leaped in front of my face. My heart slammed in my chest. For a second, I thought I was going to die, but that was where I noticed that it was the same creature at the garden. The sunflower garden spirit.
H-Hello, I stammered, though my voice sounded muffled by the gag.
The sunflower grinned. But there was more to just a cute face, I think it was asking if I needed help. I nodded, unsure. I felt like an idiot. What could this little creature do to help me? 
The sunflower spirit started to breathe in, absorbing glowing green powder. The leaves grew bigger one by one, until it clung to my feet. Im getting a slight tingling sensation over my wrists, and even though my body ached a lot, Im still craning my neck to get a good look. The end of the leaves turned to sharp razor ends, and begun to sew the ropes tied on my wrists; some of the vines even sliced the ones on my legs.
When the ropes were finally cut loose, the windows exploded. Glass shards showered me, and I protectively covered my head, waiting until it was all over. I peered through the gap, and saw an empty hole on the wall, fitted for a human being. 
My mind immediately screamed, Escape! Escape!  Yes, this is my chance now. 
 Thank you. I silently mouthed to the sunflower spirit, and began to work my aching legs. After a few minutes, the door slammed open. The fat man that kidnapped me earlier made a beeline toward me, blocking my path to escape. He turned, and pulled out a knife out from his pocket, ready to kill me.
Why you! I wont let you get away! He was so fast that I didnt had time to avoid it. 
Come on, faster, Kiko! I said in my mind. I scrambled to my feet, and raced toward the human sized-hole, with my heart hammering in my chest. Footsteps were getting louder, and louder by the minute, I took a closer step toward the hole. I will live. I will li
Im too close, too closewhen he luckily caught my neck in one swing, stopping me from my tracks. I gasped. I cant breathe. He was squeezing my neck, too tight, that Im seeing reds and yellows again. The life inside me was quickly slipping away, and I could see my fingertips turning blue. This is it. This is the last of me
Then a bright light beamed from the window, blinding me. I heard a loud yell from behind, and noticed that the fat guy was blown backward by the sudden explosion. Everything crashed, and dust spread out in the air like clouds, choking my lungs.
I coughed and sneezed, massaging the burning handprint, throbbing on my neck. My brown hair fell off the side of my face as I stiffly paused, my eyes widening. The dark-haired, masked boy stood in front of me, squeezing the fat guys throat.
My heart stopped all at once. The familiar, red scar slashed on the maskthe blank gray eyes that stared back at me, burning in rage. Hes no imagination. Hes definitely real.
 Stop! My mouth spoke on its own. The masked boy whisked his head at me, his other hand squeezing the life out of the fat guy. Please stop, I dont want you to hurt anyone.
To my surprise, he did, and dropped the lifeless fat guy on the ground. I didnt believe he was dead, because I saw small takings of breath coming from his mouth. When the fat guy nearly went limp, a blue spirit identical to him, rose out from his human body. The spirit saw himself, his eyes wide with terror, and later disappeared in the air.
What just happened? Did he really killed him? Is he here to kill me too? 
Realizing that Im the next target, I took slow, and careful backward steps until my back was pressed against the wall. Im cornered, his tall figure trapping me. He leaned forward, his face several inches close to mine, and slowly raised his hand as if to touch my cheek.
Dont go near me! I said, feeling the red spots on my cheeks.
Ignoring me, his hand retreated back, and slowly took off his scarred mask. My body tensed. He was so handsome, gorgeously attractive than the normal guys I saw back at school. Even in the moonlight, the perfect features on his face made him look scarier, but devilishly handsome. His gray, blur eyes, glowed in the dark, matching his black, tousled spiky hair. I never thought that beneath that terrorizing mask lay a dark, mysterious good-looking boy. No more than eighteen or nineteen, so young and so dark.
Do you want to become strong? He asked, his voice clever in a cool way that I couldnt seem to describe, causing me to shiver from his words.
UhWhat? I said, but before I could finish, the world spun underneath me, spinning, and almost fainting. The only thing I could remember was those clear gray-eyes peeking through the holes on his scarred mask.
Chapter 2




There was my mother. She was standing in the darkness, staring back at me with kind, graceful eyes. Even without question, I clearly recognized her because we looked like sisters. Her American, pale face and Japanese, slanted eyes were the only ones that differed against mine, except for our identical brown hair and tiny nose. Her eyes were like emeralds, glittering, and her lips curled into a welcoming smile. I felt teary all of the sudden. After all these years, my heart felt like it had been squeezed out. It hurts, but at the same time, Im happy.
Mom, My voice came out tight. Tears were streaking down my cheeks.
Kiko, She smiled. I missed that voice whenever we practiced Kendo in the backyard. She is really real. So real, but an illusion.
Oh, mom! My legs worked on its own, and I ran to her, spreading my arms wide openwhen suddenly she vanished, replaced by a cold feeling tingling on my skin.

My eyes jerked open. I stared back at the ceiling, decorated with expensive lanterns and colorful, Japanese crafted fans. Im back in my own room, again. I clamped a hand on my forehead. So it was just a dream, but the tears from my eyes were real. I was about to take off the blanket, when I heard someone breathing on my side. 
Its him! The masked boy from last night, sleeping beside me, silently snoring. His face looked so angelic with his eyes closed.
The blanket was slightly tipped down, showing his hard muscles and perfect broad shoulders. That was when it hit me. He was naked underneath. My mind was spinning; Im blushing so hard, feeling my heart exploding in my chest. Why is he here and naked!
But he wasnt the only one, because Im also naked underneath the blankets. Oh, god!
I screamed, so loud that woke the boy up from his sleep. Were both naked, and in a bed! I felt like Im going to die any minute in embarrassment right now.
Get out, you lousy jerk! I screamed and crawled, until my back was pressed against the cold, wooden stand of my bed. My right hand gripped the blanket up to my chest, covering my breast. He blinked once, then twice, still dazzled from his sleep. I couldn't take my eyes off him, he looked real, so real, in my bed. 
Strange, He said, his voice was neutral as if he wasnt even surprise to be here, and whisked his head at me, eyes focused on my face. I blushed. Even though Im angry at him, I couldnt seem to yell, or scream at him. In the sunlight, bathed with white light, he looked divine with his right hand, skimming his black messy hair. 
Who are you? And for Gods sake, what the hell are you doing here in my bed, naked!? I asked, terrified, but he watched me, his face painted with sadness, or maybe amusement. 
Directing that question to me doesnt make sense. He said, Maybe I should tell you the same thing? 
This is my bed! You are an intruder, a ra Before I could finish my sentence, my foot got twisted on the blanket, and lose my balance on the bed. But in a flash, he immediately caught me as we crashed together on the hard, wooden floor. Stars burst out from my eyelids. I landed on his bare chest with a thud. My nose hurt as if it had been squashed. I opened my eyes, and saw his face a few inches from mine. My mind throbbed. I had never been this close to a boy before.
Get off me, get off me! I whined like a baby, hitting his chest with useless strength. He got up, and let go of me, while I leaped off the floor and grabbed the towel, wrapping it around my body. I jerked my finger at him, feeling the hotness reaching my face. Get out of here!
Dont, He warned, getting up, naked, and I screamed, covering my eyes when he stood in front of me, without any clothes. I turned away from him, my heart hammering my chest, and silently cursed as I took a peek of his beautiful, sculpture body. He opened his mouth. After all these years, Ive finally found you. You cant get away from me because youre mine now.
I screamed, daring not to listen any further. Molester! I bit my lip. Dont come here, or Ill call the police!  
The police, as if they can see me. Im not a molester, stupid girl, He said. Im a Soul Reaper and youre now my Weapon.
Weapon? I froze. What is he talking about? What does he mean, when the police cant see him? 
I didnt turn to look at him, so instead, he clamped a hand on my shoulder; the coldness of his fingers made me flinch, and leveled his lips on my right ear.
Come with me, and well talk about it. His voice was sexy, tempting. Out of the corner of my eye, the katana resting on the cabinet caught me an idea. 
Without thinking, I slapped his hand away, and dashed to the corner, grabbing the sword with one swipe, and unsheathed the katana with graceful poise. I pointed the blade at him, where the tip nearly touched his throat. He paused, his expression unreadable, while I panted hard, angry, and confused at the same time. 
Try me, I dared, and lunged at him. I swung the katana to my right, but he dodged it so quickly that the katana stabbed the wall beside it. I didnt wait until I swung again, hoping that I hit him, but he avoided it as if it was nothing. I watched his muscles tensed, and his body moved gracefully out of the swords way, like he was playing tag. 
You know, youre going to hurt yourself if you keep doing that. He said playfully. Damn this guy. I swiped to my right, but he leaped out of the way, so it sliced the small tables in half. Fast as lightning, I retreated the katana, and lifted it above his head, while he wasnt looking, when
Snap! He was pushing the sword up with his hands, preventing it to smash his face. My concentration crumbled for a moment, and he took this chance to pull the katana out from my grasp, tossing it on the floor. The katana landed on the ground, with a sharp sound of metal, and for the first time, I lost a fight. I closed my eyes, waiting for him to cage my body and beat me up, but he didnt. I have never lost a sword fight before. Who is this boy?
He stood there, looking bored and fascinated; his eyes pierced on my katana. That sword is a rare piece, not the common ones that I see in this world. Where did you get this one?
His question deceived me so easily. His tone made me feel weak and powerless. I said. Answer my questions first, and Ill answer yours.
I promise you, little girl, that Ill be honest as possible. He said.
Little girl! I said in disbelief, but he didnt seem to be listening. A black cape appeared from his hands, and he swung it behind him in an arch. The sleeves had gone straight into his arms, and with a finishing touch, he zipped the collar of his dark coat. 
Do you have a cigarette? He asked politely, checking his pockets if there was one. I shook my head; my anger forgotten. 
He was disappointed, and I asked. What do you need cigarettes for? Youre still young to get Cancer?
His eyes widened as if I said a ridiculous thing, and narrowed his eyes at me. Soul Reapers dont get cancer or anything. Were not humans, so we do what we like.
Why are you here, why are you in my bed, why are yo He cut me off, when he put a finger on my lips, silencing me. I blushed. 
Questions, questions, questions. So many of them my little, Kiko. He said. As my Weapon, Ill tell you everything you will need to know, but not nowyoure not ready yet. I had begun to protest, when he backed away and dug a cigarette from his pocket. He lighted and stuck it on his mouth. For the first few introductions, I will only tell you what you are, and what I am doing. You can call me by the name of Scar, but anything is fine.
Scar. I repeated that name over, and over in my head. It matched him with his powerful bad boy, dark presence. It sounded weird. Scar, thank you for saving me last night, but now, Ill get straight to the point, or else Ill have to call the police. His eyebrows shot upward and I continued. Why did you save me? Why are you always following me, and why are we both naked in my bed!?
He paused for a moment, taking all what I said, and later, burst to laughter. Im shocked. His face was so innocent when he was laughing. He regained his posture, and sniffed the tears from his eyes. 
What is so funny? I demanded.
Kiko, forgive me by any means, but I took your virginity last night. 
My face heated up so quickly that I almost fainted from what he said. I stuttered. Y-Y-You w-w-what! And then I screamed, dashing over the bathroom and slammed the door in his face. I quickly locked it, while I could hear Scar gently knocking on the other side of the door. Molester. He saved me so he could get his hands on me, and I had been stupid to let him. My hands squeezed my face, as tears poured endlessly from my cheeks. 
Scar kept knocking on the door, and I screamed. Go away!
To my irritation, he never stopped as if it didnt have any effect on him. He said, his voice loud from the other side. Kiko, Im sorry. But you are clearly misunderstanding things. It was for my sake. I was desperate, or else Ill get into trouble
I covered my ears. It hurts. Why didnt I see this coming? He was nothing, but a figment of my imagination, and I still believed him, because he was deceivingly handsome. Im so stupid.
You are not stupid, Kiko, and Im not an imagination. Im real as any human might be, except that Im a Soul Reaper. He said, like he had read my mind. I didnt answer him, and curled my knees up on my head, sobbing. Kiko, Im sorry. Maybe if youll feel better, Ill tell you everything that you need to know.
Jerk, I muttered in my mind. He responded from the other door. For the last time, Im not a molester. I am your lover, your Master and you are my Weapon.
I bit my lip.
 You know, He said, after a few minutes of silence. I can pass through walls if I wanted too, but since you are curled up in your own privacy, Ill only hand you your clothes.
Before I could respond, a hand passed through the door at arms length, gripping my new clothes like a hanger. A ghost. And yet, I took it and threw my clothes on the floor. His arm retreated back and vanished from the door. Why am I still alive? I should be better off death, if it werent for Scar. 
My body felt heavy, so I closed my eyes, hugging my knees and lay down on the cool skin of the bathtub, wishing that everything will be over.

I was dreaming about my mother. It was the continuation of the dream I had this morning. But now everything was different. She sat in the middle of a beautiful garden. Majestic colors ran from every part of the garden, like a colorful paradise. I hoped that she was having fun in this place. When I stepped forward, I noticed that it wasnt a place, but the garden she used to take care fourteen years ago. It was different from my house. 
She wore a blue, flower-patterned kimono, her hands resting on her lap, and her brown hair twisted into braids, decorated with flower clips. 
Come here, Kiko. She said, her voice was gentle as she patted her side for me to scoot. I didnt noticed that I was also wearing a kimono, patterned with goldfish. My hair was tied into a ponytail, clipped with Hydrangeas. Its just a dream, I thought. Nothing occasional.
Wordlessly, I scooted beside her. I felt so shy around her, while at the same time, my heart felt so empty inside.
Whats wrong, my dear? She asked. Behind me, the gentle splash of water caught my attention. It was the fountain that my mother built when she was a child.
I shook my head, and she placed her hand on mine. The touch of her fingertips were warm and soft. I missed these hands when I was a kid.
Tell your mom about it. She said. I sighed, knowing that she would make me feel better.
Mom, do you feel the loneliness, or maybe something so valuable was taken out from you? I asked, and remembered that Scar took my virginity for his pleasure. The thought of it was disgusting, and I didnt want to think of that beside mother. 
She sat straight and gazed at the flowers. Yes, sometimes I think of it. God forgives what we have done, and Im sorry that I couldnt be there with you.
Its alright, I croaked. I just dont know what Im feeling right now, Im just confused and mad at myselfalso, at him.
She tipped her head at me, a smile forming her lips. Is it a boy?
My face began to blush on its own. N-No!
She laughed and squeezed her hand on mine, overlapping it with my fingers. I was the same when I fell in love. Dont worry, those are just the beginnings.
But I said, my eyes trained on the ground. Im not in love with him, hes justI dont know, its hard to explain.
I get it, She said. We watched the birds fly around, circling the garden with their lovely tweets, while the flowers glowed brilliantly in the sunlight. After a few seconds, Mom watched the sky, and said. When I first built this garden, my mother was against it. She said that nothing will come good from gardening. But she was wrong. The flowers proved that. And then she looked at me, her eyes were changing to gold and blue. Hes like a flower. You think that he is wrong, but as time grows you will understand him. Youve got a strong heart, Kiko. He is like a flower, silent, but loyal in the end, and maybe youll understand him someday.
But what if I dont? I asked. She soothed my arm with her fingertips. 
Never think that, and if you do, hell neglect you, like the flowers. She said.
I was going to open my mouth, when suddenly everything stirred up inside me. The flowers were disappearing; everything was getting blurry, and mom was fading away. I yelled her name over, and over again, but she just sat there, smiling and waving at me. I groped everything at my surroundings. No, its disappearing.

I was out of breath, when I saw Scars face in front of me, his gray eyes staring at me with mere beauty, and yet, dull as a rock. I sat up, my clothes sticking my back, and breathed hard from the dream I had. Scar crouched beside me, wearing a black, sleeveless undershirt that exposed his muscles, and black fitted slacks that ended up to his foot. He had his right arm resting on his right knee, and his other arm placed on the pillow beside him. 
His face turned to me, his gray eyes glowing in the dark. Youre awake.
I breathed, in and out, in and out, and skimmed my hands over my hair. To my relief, Im dressed in my loose, flower-patterned T-shirt and green pajamas. How did I get myself dressed? The obvious answer was Scar.
He quickly noticed, and calmly said. I didnt do anything to you while you were sleeping. But I did dressed you, because you would catch a cold sleeping in a bathtub.
My anger was flaring and heating up my face. I wanted to scream and yell at him, but my voice hurt from too much crying. He continued. I dont have a choice. Im sorry, Kiko. Im just following orders. You see, my father is getting angry at me for not getting a Weapon, and so I have no choice. He turned to me. Im going to explain what you are, Kiko Kurosawa. You are half human and half ghost. You are one of the Weapons that Ive searched for years, just to find you. For a Soul Reaper, its important to have a Weapon, but at age of seventeen, its crucial for me to get one, or else Ill be banned in my world.
I have to take your virginity, so your half soul will be tied to me. There is no turning back, Kiko, because youll be stuck with me forever.
My eyes widened from shock, too speechless to say anythingtoo much to take, so I stared at his perfect gray eyes that matched his beauty. 
He shifted on my bed, ruffling his hand over his black hair. I hope that youll forgive me, but this is my life on the line, and I need to stay on the agreement that I had with my father. Just as I turned seventeen, which is the time for Soul Reapers to search for their Weapons, I had been given a year to find the Weapon that will suit me forever. Unfortunately, it took a long time, until I only had a month left. My father was so angry. He said that he will never take me as his son as long as I dont have a Weapon. Plus, it wasnt an easy task because it needs to be the Weapon of the Soul Reapers. He looked over me and I wrapped myself in a blanket. You are the Weapon of Gods, Kiko, and thank the heavens that I have finally found you, when I saw you walking at hallway full of mirrors.
Wait, I croaked. So that was the first you saw me? He nodded and I continued. But, Ive been seeing you in my visions, my dreams and everywhere. It was true, before I saw him in the garden, Ive been dreaming about a boy with dark hair. 
Thats because I was following you. You can also see the other world, which we call the Afterworld. He said. You are gifted, Kiko Kurosawa. Your mother had the power to see the life in others, so lets fast forward and well start our mission tomorrow.
Mission!? I yelled in surprise. I dont even know how to fight!
He chuckled ridiculously. Really? Judging by the sword you have, you seemed to be buffing than showing it. I studied your fighting techniques when you attacked me, and that was no ordinary trick. But do tell me, Kiko. He faced me, a gleam in his eyes. Do you want to get out of this place?you and me. We could finally see the world, and battle monsters.
Monsters! I gasped. He playfully winked at me, and I lowered my head, embarrassed. Of course, I want to get out of this house, but everyone will worryand I dont want that. Kens image flashed my mind.
So that serves it then He got out from my bed, and stood near my window, stretching his long arms and legs. Well do every mission at night, so at least in thirty days, well get to build up ten thousand demon souls, and I could get on with my father already.
Im speechless. The way he easily said it without any negativity, made me fall in love with him even more. Mothers words still echoed in my head. Hes like a flower. You think that he is wrong, but as time grows, you will understand him. I watched him as he gracefully pulled out his coat from his pocket, slipping it behind, until it clipped his lean body. For the last touch, he dug out the mask and attached it to his face. He looked at me, and reached out his hand. Im ready to kick some monster ass with you, Kiko. Goodnight. And then he disappeared in the night where the moon was up.
Chapter 3




My hands were clenching and unclenching, all at once. Maybe it was excitement, or maybe I was eager to see Scars face again. My mind was floating somewhere, even though Im still in class, scribbling down notes, and secretly sketching Scar on my notebook. A flower, I thought. What mother said might be true, but Im getting some realistic dreams, where I spend my time talking to my mother at the garden.
 The sunflower spirit was near my garden, singing with the other flower spirits I saw lingering outside the mansion. When I thanked the sunflower spirit, it jumped in joy and curtsied at my feet. I guessed it was telling me that if Im in danger again, I could call for her help. 
Then suddenly, Mrs. Bell, my physics teacher, snatched my notebook in front of me, and scanned through the pages with strictly concern. My heart stopped. Oh no, shes going to see it. I had been focused on Scar, I didnt noticed Mrs. Bells coming here.
Hmm? Mrs. Bell examined my notebook, and clipped it under her armpit. Ms. Kurosawa, even if you have the most beautiful drawings in my class, I will not give your notebook back because youre completely ignoring my subject. This will serve as your punishment, young lady.
But She fixed me a glare and scurried the aisle. I sighed. Great, now my perfect drawing of Scar is gone. Beside me, the sunflower spirit reassuringly patted my shoulder and vanished. 
Ignoring my notebook was hard, but Im so excited, I couldnt hardly imagine my first mission. I stared impatiently at the clock, waiting for school to be over. I wished time would speed up.

The bell finally rang. Immediately, everyone was out of the room, sprinting to their lockers, and crowding the hallway. I stood in front of my locker, which was located at the end of the hallway. What would Scar teach me today? My fingers spun the padlock shut, and shouldered my bag and walking through the hallway. Winter had just arrived, and I hated myself for not bringing my scarf today. My stomach churned as I saw the top-to-floor mirrors piled in straight line. My hand brushed my throat, remembering the handprint on my skin. 
Dont worry, hes dead. I shake my head and slapped my cheeks, forcing myself to let go of those awful memories, and ran across the hallway, avoiding the mirrors mimicking my face.
When I burst out the double doors, cold wind blasted my face. I forcefully wrapped myself to keep the cold out. Behind me, someone wrapped a coat on my shoulders, and I looked up to see Ken giving me a warm smile, his brown hair blowing from the breeze, dressed in trench coat.
You forgot to bring a coat, Miss. Its chilly out here. He said, his voice gentle. Ken. My friend. Seeing him made all my worries disappear. I forced myself to smile, and he gestured me to the open doors of the SUV. People stared at us, awed by the shiny black SUV parked in the lot. For thirteen years, I had been used to this kind of stuff, living my life as a movie star, though Im just the daughter of a dangerous Mafia boss. 
Thank you, Ken. I scooted in the middle of the car, smelling familiar lilies in the air. It awfully reminded me of my mother before she died. 
Where did you get the lilies? I asked. Ken immediately knew what Im talking about, and directed his finger to two lilies placed near the air-conditioner.
We figured we put it here because of the Madams birthday. I clearly forgot that tomorrow was moms birthday. 
Youre right, Since Im too focused about the Soul Reaper thing, I had forgotten about it. And when moms birthday is coming up that means
Youll probably see him again, wont you, Kiko? Ken said. I stayed silent. Im going to see my father again. 
Youre right, I only see my father thrice a year. He comes home on mothers birthday, my birthday and mothers death anniversary. I used to remember playing alone in the dark mansion, without any company, except for Ken. All the housekeepers were practically too busy to play with me, and since Ken was the only one at my age, I had considered him as my brother. 
Cheer up, Kiko. Ken squeezed his gloved hand on mine, even though it was illegal for a butler to show interest to his master. At least he cares about you. 
Maybe.

When I arrived at the tall, thin iron gates of my home, I was already running to the French doors. I dont know what was wrong with me, but I guessed Im ashamed to see my father. All the excitement disappeared like magic, leaving my stomach churning in fear. Ken shouted behind me, but I didnt care because I didnt want to see all of them. The garden spirits popped out from the bushes as I passed through them. Why now, why now?
My feet were cold when I left my school shoes at the front entrance of the house. It was a Japanese tradition that we must leave our shoes to not get our floor dirty. The smell of noodles and hot pot rose in the air, while few clattering maids and servants, busily prepared the cleanliness for their masters arrival.
Welcome back, Miss. The other maid greeted me before she dashed to the kitchen, carrying a tower of plates. If mom never diedif dad never ignored her conditionwe wouldnt have this busy feast from the start. I felt Kens hand on my shoulder, gently taking my coat off.
Dont forget that Im still here, Kiko. He said, his eyes half-closing when he lowered his head, a smile tugging the corner of his lips. I let him slide the coat off from my arms, leaving me in my black school uniform.
Thanks, Ken. Tears slide down from my cheek. I dont know why, but it hurts. Im always alone in this huge mansion, but Ken was always there, secretly as my friend. 
Another maid stopped by, with her hands full of dirty laundry. Miss, good gracious! I apologize, but I think you should be dressed right now. The lord is coming home today and But before she could finish her sentence, I had started to walk away, with my fists curled on my sides.
Miss, miss! 
I dont care about them. Father didnt take mother to the doctor, after he knew that she had been sick. He wasnt even present at moms funeral. He neglected me for years, never showing up, except for 3 special days. I had been entirely parentless, drowned by the loneliness in this huge mansion. Ken was my only brother, my friend, and yet he didnt have time to take care of me. It hurts, the pain stings. 
I grabbed the handle, and slammed the door so hard, the whole place started to tremble. I slide helplessly on the floor and started to scream.

For minutes, or hours that passed by, I drowned myself in sadness with my knees curled up, and my arms wrapped around me beside the door. My throat had been aching; my eyes swollen and puffy. It was the longest cry I had in years. I knew I should be excited to see my father, but the thought of his face terrified me. All I could remember was his black hat, wire-rimmed glasses, and black coat. I heard a slight noise, and I looked up to find Scar in front of me with his mask on.
Shhh He immediately took his mask off, and crouched on the floor, his hand gently brushing my cheek. 
The sight of him made all my worries disappear. I wiped the tears off my eyes, and took a sharp intake of breath.
Whats wrong, Kiko? I thought you were excited about training? He whispered and leaned against the wall, gently pressing my face to his chest. It felt good, his chest was hard and bumpy, but the coat was smooth, like a pillow. He was wearing a black leather jacket, with large collars and loose sleeveless undershirt, exposing his collarbone. I blushed, remembering his naked body yesterday.
See youre laughing. He beamed and patted my hair. My legs were cold under the thick carpet, and the window had been left open, letting the frosty wind inside. Slowly, he cupped my face, lifting my chin to look at his light-pupil eyes. Tell me whats wrong. Dont worry, I wont tell anyone.
I started to giggle. Of course you wont tell anyone, youre dead right?
My words seemed to hit him. He frowned. 
I lowered my head. Sorry.
Yeah. I think Im dead or something. But that doesnt matter. His hands fall off my face, and pushed his right knee up; his left leg in a straight line.
I sagged my shoulders, my expression blank. Todays moms birthday. And dad is coming home.
Dont you feel happy about it? He asked.
 I shake my head.
I only see my dad thrice a year. Its no big deal, but every time he comes home, he doesnt talk to me. Never. I choked back a sob, my hand twisting the ribbon uncomfortably on my neck. I mean, its like Im not his daughter anymore. I dont know if he still cares about me.
Well, I think he does. He said. If he comes home, then he wants to see if youve been doing well.
I dont know, My voice was blank. I just dont know anymore.
There was something oddly comfortable about the way Scar sighed, and the way his face looked as if he knew what pain was. I wondered how he got to manage his life as a Soul Reaper. I should had apologized to Ken, or maybe to the maids. Maybe I should face my father, and talk to him. But I dont know if I can do that right now, so instead, I changed the topic.
You said that you took my virginity because you need to, I blushed at myself. I want to know why you did it. You know Im not ready, but you should have asked me first.
Instead of answering me, he looked away and continued to rest his hand on his chin, staring blankly at the window. I felt embarrassed for what I have said, but it was true. 
I know, Im sorry, but you will get to know as time goes by He muttered. Anyway, take a nap. Youve been crying for more than three hours since youve come home.
My ears flushed. I began to agree with him and slowly, I took a slight nap, resting my head on his shoulder. A flower, huh?

Kiko,
Mmn My lips felt dry, and it tasted salty. Cold sipped into my bones, and my body was aching when I moved. Someone gently shoved me awake. I dont want to, the coziness and the dark atmosphere feels so good.
Kiko, its 12 am. Its Scar voice, and as soon as I was going to open my eyes, he lifted me up. I snapped awake from the sudden adrenaline, slowly adjusting in the dark. I looked up, and saw Scars face in the dim light. But he wasnt looking at me, instead he was staring at the window. Snow droplets fell from the sky, like gentle baby drops. Its snowing. Its snowing! I had forgotten that moms birthday was held at the start of winter.
And then reality came back to me. Mom! Oh, no! I missed dads reunion!
No, Kiko. Scars voice was warm and eerie. He covered me with his jacket, only wearing a white undershirt.
I need to get down. I should have been there, but I have fallen asleep! I rubbed my eyes. He was still carrying me, as if I was a little girl. 
There were whites on his eyes. No, he didnt come. Your dad didnt come home for your moms birthday.
His words struck my heart in half, leaving my mouth open, and suddenly my eyes started to water. No. No thats not true.
He shrugged, defeated and stared solemnly at the window. You should try to see your housekeeperstheyre downstairs
Before I could answer, he raced to the window, still carrying me, and leaped in the air. Frosty wind hit my skin like icicles, but with the help of his jacket, it didnt even affect me at all. My heart as bumping against my throat. I had never jumped from a three-story mansion before, and it awfully felt good. 
With a graceful landing, Scar and I arrived at the bottom where we stared at a large window, visible through the inside. 
The dining room. Heated platters of food were sitting idly on the narrow white table, turning cold. There were two plates on the opposite ends of the table, and several dishes waiting to be serve. Behind the table, stood several maids, their hands on their laps, whispering in boredom. Scar instantly hid behind the dim, vine garden as we peeked at the dining room. I saw Ken moving a little, tiredly scratching the back of his head. I could perfectly hear their voices outside the window. 
Its midnight. I dont think the masters coming home. A maid said.
 Maybe the flight just got delayed? said the little maid on the middle.
And I think the miss is not coming to see him either. 
Poor Miss, she has never suffered happiness for the rest of her life.
Ken took one last look from his watch and deeply sighed. He clapped, signaling to clean the table and put away the food. There was a grief of sadness coming over me. I felt sorry for them, but the truth was, Im glad that he didnt came. 
Do you see it? Scar spoke first, breaking the silence. Your father didnt came home, so you shouldnt worry so much.
Yeah, I lied.
After everyone was gone, Scar stood up from the bush, and helped me to my feet. Wear my jacket, youll feel warm.
But what about you? I clutched the sleeve wrapped on my shoulders. Arent you cold?
No, He said, his pale skin glowing brightly in the moonlight. Im not alive and Im not dead either. Everyone cant see me, except you.
Oh, My cheeks reddened. I dont know what to say.
So, I guess your first training starts today. Ill go easy on you. He started to sprint to the back of the house, and I caught up to his long strides, his jacket flapping behind me.
What does that mean!? I pouted like a kid.
 Nothing, He joked and stuffed both of his hands on his pocket.

Our training destination took over the backyard, where I trained sword fighting lessons with my mom since I was twelve. It was the perfect place for sparing, because the place was very expansive, like a basketball court. How did Scar know this area? The place was like a maze when someone entered my 10-hectares mansion.
Scar propped his arm on the metal fence and closed his eyes, thinking. I scanned the neglected field, and felt guilty because I stopped coming to this place after my mother died.
 So, Scar opened his eyes, and jerked away from the fence. We were a few feet facing each other, my fingers clutching his leather jacket. 
Rule number one, accept yourself. Thats the only way youre going to accept that you are a Weapon of a God. 
How can I accept myself? I protested. Scar crossed his arms on his chest.
A while ago, you acted like you cant accept your mothers death, or the idea of your father coming home to see you. He cocked his head. What can you do about crying? It doesnt help you, it just makes you weak. Thats why I planned this night to be perfect for your first training.
I seemed offended by his words. If I had my katana, I could had injured him, but it was useless, judging by the way he gracefully handled my attacks yesterday. No weapons. I can do it, I need to believe that Im a Weapon. 
Believe in what you can do, Kiko. Accept reality. Accept that your mother is dead. Accept that you can live in this world all by yourself. Accept it.
Alright, I closed my eyes, trying to concentrate. Hollow blocks formed my mind, and a tingling sensation shivered past my skin. 
Think, think! I dont need father to know how miserable my life is I dont want to let mom know how lonely I am without her by my side. I dont want Ken to be there to comfort me whenever I acted like a child. I wanted to be stronger. I wanted to become stronger than anyone.
Am I turning into a Weapon? I cranked one eye carefully. Scar shook his head.
No, try again.
I concentrated further, feeling Scars hot breath against mine, recalling the memories of us together in bed. Images of my mother, her brown hair tied into a neat bun, showing me the katana at the garden. My fathers hidden face behind his black hat. The scent of lilies overwhelming the entire vast field. The shadowy faces of those people who muttered about pityhorribleorphan words. I began to turn my hands to fists, and when I did, my fingers were gone, turning to something
You got it! Scar beamed. To my amazement, my right arm changed to a long sharp blade. So this must be the power of a Weapon. Scar dug a cigarette from his pocket, lighted it up and tucked it on his mouth. Smoking, again.
He took the cigarette out from his mouth using two fingers, white smoke puffing his face. What? Even though you have your arm turned into a blade, that doesnt finish the training. Thinking doesnt make you stronger. Hatred can make you do it. Second task, you need to slash the cigarette from my mouth, and well see if you can really turn to a full weapon.
Before I could respond, he threw a wooden stick to my direction, and it crashed on the grass. My hands returned back, and I picked the stick up, feeling the hardness of wood under my grip. I could do it, I had been training sword fighting for years. Theres no way I could lose to a guy like him.
Come on. Try it. He said, then tucked the cigarette on his mouth.
I dashed forward and swung in midair. The wooden stick was near to hitting his face, but in a blur, he shuffled, appearing behind me. Immediately, I dived under, aiming for his leg, and in a split second, I missed when he lazily dodged it, hands still tucked under his pocket. Sweat was stinging my eyes, and Im exhausted already. This was just the beginning, and Im already getting tired. Pull yourself, Kiko!
He wiggled a naughty finger at me, his cigarette still on his mouth. Im amazed that there wasnt a flicker of seriousness on his face. In fact, he was actually enjoying it.
Its that the best you can do?
Bring it on! I yelled and lunged forward. He shifted his weight and twirled in the air, avoiding the stick nearly hitting in his face. He flipped upside down as he landed two feet on the other side of the field, never a cut or a scratch had touched his face. Hes good. He didnt even do anything, only dodged in pure easiness. I cant give up.
I started to run and fastened my pace. He read my movement and tried to dodge, but my eyes were too fast, recalculating to where he was going to land. If he dodged this attack, he will land 4 inches between me, and if he did, his face will be leveled with my shoulder and I might never get a chance to hit him. But if I swing below, and retract his attack, I might be able to hit his arms, paralyzing him.
Doing what my mind told me, I swung below his feet, and he leaped backward, but Im too fast, and blindly turn the sword upward. The end of the wooden stick slapped the cigarette away from his mouth, tossing it outside the fence. I win.
The stick fell off my hand as I dropped on my knees, sweat glistening my forehead, and a winning grin plastered on my face. He was speechless, his eyes widened and touched his chin.
I did it! I choked and coughed, but still I felt the energy surging in my body. I did it!
Well done, He clapped his hands and attached the mask on. In midair, his arm was curved in arc, like he was commanding something.
Kiko, come. He ordered.
Blue light emerged from my body, and then something strong erupted past my veins like a volcano. What is happening to me? The light glowed and burst out, expanding and contracting my body in different shapes. Its too fast too fast to realize that my mind was traveling through fast speed.
And then in a blink of an eye, I couldnt see my body, or even my hands, just the ground, and Scars eyes shining behind his mask. What happened? Why is he happy?
Congratulations, Kiko. He breathed as if he couldnt believe that he won himself a Weapon. Youve turned into a Weapon. Mine, of course.
Im a Weapon? How can I see myself? I could only see Scar and my surroundings. 
What kind of Weapon am I? I asked, my voice echoing through the darkness. My body was brittle as if someone was in charge of my power.
A dagger, for starters. But for a beginners dagger, you looked divine and beautiful. He said, beaming. 
Wow, Light released from my body, building up blocks of skin and hair. My feet landed on the ground with a soft thud, gaining my human body back.
He picked up his jacket on the ground when I accidentally dropped it as before I transformed. 
Whats next? I asked. Excitement brimming behind my green eyes.
We start our first hunt, He said, bringing me with him as we left the backyard. 

Chapter 4




There was dust and smoke, when Scar and I walked through the cold alleyway. I had never, once in my life, gone outside, even in a spine-chilling alleyway. Whatever Scar was thinking, I hoped that he was making the right choices. Before we entered the alleyway, Scar called my name, and so Im automatically shaped-shift into a dagger. I didnt feel a thing, which was great, but I easily get exhausted whenever Im in this weapon form. 
You sure this is the right place? I shivered.
Yes, Scar said in a bored tone. Watch. 
 A deep sound vibrated through the brick walls. A growl, and it came from the end of the alleyway, where I could see a pair of glowing red eyes in the dark. 
What is it? I asked. 
A demon. 
A demon? I thought they are not real?
He sighed deeply, and ran his free hand through his hair. Demons are half human souls that eats the good humans conscience. It forms into monsters, or sometimes zombies, if its just mild, but this His eyes were piercing, striking, even with a mask. theres no chance that a human will go back to a peaceful life, if the demonic soul takes over the human body.
Is this human?
Yes. Unfortunately, hes going to die sooner, or later, if we dont stop him.
Wait, I paused. I thought Soul Reapers were the ones who take dead souls to the Underworld?
He raised an eyebrow in disbelief. What are you talking about? Those are false rumors, or myths that humans have invented. The real Reapers are the ones who exterminate the demon souls that kills the humans. But if we cant save them, they will fall under Tartarus.
My hands clamped on my mouth. No.
Yes. Now watch as we do real battle, Kiko. He snapped his head back to the monster.
The monster slowly revealed itself. Heaps of saliva dripped down its jagged sharp teeth, and my stomach churned from the sight. Red eyes glowed in the dark, flames burning inside the pupils. I couldnt even look. Its a real live monster, not the ones in horror movies.
Ready, Kiko.  Dont slow down now. The fun is just beginning. He said joyfully. 
The monster roared, the sound ringing my ears, and snapped its head back at Scar with eye level. Smoke came out from its nose; claws pedaling backward, ready to stomp, and then
With the first move, Scar raced forward, and Im raised up in the sky, feeling the dizziness of the angle zooming past through me. The monster shrieked and lunged at him. To my surprise, Scar jumped high in the air, and dived under, targeting the monster, swinging me below. I pierced and stabbed several flesh and blood, until I was pulled out from Scars grip. The monster screamed in pain, but regained its balance, eyes glaring at Scar. Scar moved gracefully, swiping me in the midair, dodging and leaping through moments where he couldnt get injured.
For the finishing touch, Scar landed on the ground, while blood spurted out from the monsters back. It exploded into fine dust until there was nothing left of it. Half of my sight was stained with demon blood, which I couldnt see if I did it right.
Kiko, return. He ordered.
Just like that, my body glowed and changed back to human form. Gratefully, my clothes were still intact. There were no trace of blood, or any cuts left on my skin. After everything that happened, I felt stronger as ever.
Come here, Kiko. Scar said, kneeling in front of the area where the monster died, his back facing me.
I paused beside him, when I saw a small yellow flame burning in the middle of the air. Slowly, Scar reached his hand and touched the flame. I thought he was going to get burned, but he doesnt, instead he reeled his hand with the flame bouncing his palm, holding the jar with his free hand. The flame went inside the jar and disappeared, leaving it empty again. When he was done, he lifted the jar for me to see.
Do you see this? This is the jar where we keep exterminated souls. He closed his eyes and put the jar inside his jacket. He took off the mask, revealing a small cut, where I didnt noticed, running through his left cheek. 
The cut I began. 
Its okay. Dont worry. He seemed relieved, or somehow satisfied with a demon soul inside the jar.
So what happens to the person? I asked. He peered over the dark alley, where the unconscious man was still lying on the ground, breathing.
He will be alright. After all, we did saved them from Hell. He shoved the jar on his pocket and dug another cigarette. 
I caught up to him. Did I do well?
He eyed me in a mysterious way. Yes. You were incredible. I feel like Im the most powerful Reaper in the land.
Shut up. I teased.
He lightened up. Really. Your blade was sharp. The metal was light, like a pencil and youre very fast to use.
I didnt know what he should expect, but the way he said as if Im a living object, bothered me. Is it really true that some people can turn to Weapons, even they dont want too? I felt confident and happy about him praising me, but there was something that Im not satisfied with the whole thing, not yet.
Did that man, the one who kidnapped me, died? I said gloomily, recalling the blue soul disappearing from the mans body. 
Yes, I was the one to kill it. He said sharply.
But, I thought Soul Reapers save human souls? I asked, puzzled.
Sometimes, we Soul Reapers can kill both souls and human forms when one is hurting our Weapons. It doesnt forbid us though, because simply in the old times, Soul Reapers kill humans who are at the verge of their own death.
I stood, horrified. So, youre really murderers.
I was saving both of our lives, Kiko. He looked at me, his eyes full of rage. If I cant produce a Weapon and ten thousand demon souls within a month, I cannot live my life as a Soul Reaper anymore. I will be nothing, a ghost, a figure of an imagination. Nothing.
Im sorry. I gulped. But thank you for killing that fat guy.
A mysterious smile curved on his lips. 
So, are you going to stay with me for the night? My fingers were aching to touch his hand, dangling on his sides. 
Why not? Also, rule number three. In order for a Weapon to become stronger, the bond of a master and a Weapon must contain stronger relationship. 
Oh, okay. I said. The meaning was simple: either I need to fall in love with Scar, or hes the one who needs to fall in love with me.

The snow was getting heavier every time I took a step toward school. Ken left a few minutes ago, and now Im alone, walking across the parking lot. Its funny how the trees have become thin, and everything turned so white. I missed mom. I had so much to tell her about the demon at the alleyway, but sadly I didnt dream about her last night.
Ken was still the same, not asking about my horrid state last night. He still kept his mouth shut after he told me that father didnt came. But I was happy that he didnt, though I felt bad for them preparing their best efforts when he didnt came. 
At school, I soothed my red checkered skirt from getting wrinkled, and climbed to the nearest staircase. I still got 30 minutes before the start of my next class, giving me the freedom to watch the students playing around the snow. People were walking, taking pictures, running off the area, throwing snowballs at each other. 
A tiny green aura appeared beside me. As the shape took form, I grinned, recalling the sunflower spirit that saved me from the abandoned storage room.
Hello there, I muttered, my eyes quickly scanning the room, checking if someone was watching me talking to the invisible air, where the sunflower spirit was standing. 
The sunflower spirit beamed, shaking petals off from its head. Oh yeah, I havent given it a name yet. 
Would you like to be called, Sun? I whispered quietly as possible, and pushed the door open. The wind howled across the field, sending chills down to my hand. Shrieks of laughter came from the parking area, throwing snowballs at each other. I ignored them.
Sun nodded proudly, like she enjoyed the name I gave her, and reached her hand to shake mine. I awkwardly took hers, and giggled, as more heaps of laughter exploded. But later, the laughter turned to hushed voices and in a blink of an eye, people stampede past me; grateful that I managed to safely miss them, or else, I will be in the hospital wing right now. 
What was that? I whispered once they were gone, leaving footprint tracks on the snow.
Sun shrugged and circled the air, pointing her leafy hand to the door, a desperation sign on her face. I nodded. Something bad was going on inside, and I hoped that I can handle it on my own.

There were people swarming at the back of the hallway, rabbling something about a fight. I tiptoed, but it was no use, I still couldnt see anything, when a high, frustrated scream came from the middle of the crowd. That voice awfully belongs to
Without waiting any further, I pushed forward, squeezing through the large and tight bodies, and arrived to see Ginger pointing an accusing finger at Lena.
Why did you do it!? Why!? Ginger yelled, gritting her teeth. 
I did not steal your boyfriend, OKAY!? Lena raised both of her hand. Strands of brown hair fallen to the sides of her face. This is the first time I have seen them fight in public.
No! You did it! I saw you, I saw you! Dont you lie to me! Ginger shrieked madly. What has happened to them? In middle school, they werent like that. I always saw them get frustrated with each other, but not like this.
I couldnt take it anymore. I slid between them, my arms thrown on my sides. Ginger glared at me with murderous eyes, and for the first time, her eyes were the color of gold, which was odd because I knew hers was brown. 
So your siding with her now, Kiko!? Ginger yelled.
 Im not siding with anyone! I yelled. "Whats wrong with you anyway, Ginger? You're not like this."
Kiko, stop. Just leave her alone. I dont know why, but shes acting really strange. Lena said. Ginger snap out of it, what did I ever do to you!?
YOU STEAL MY BOYFRIEND! Ginger repeated, her voice louder this time. The crowd had become silent; cellphones out to record us.
YOU DONT EVEN HAVE A BOYFRIEND! Lena shouted, for the final time, her hands fisted on her sides.
Ginger, will you just calm down!? I yelled. Why does it have to be this way? You can talk to each other, somewhere in a private place.
Talk!? What are you talking about, Kiko? I just caught them in the act, so why should I talk? Ginger laughed, a crazy hysterical one. Lena shook her head vigorously, tears sliding down from her cheeks.
I give up. You can accuse me, but remember this, I will not talk to you until you have calmed down. I dont know what your problem is anyway Lena walked away, crying. The people made way for her to escape, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw a guy patting a hand on her shoulder.
Argh! NO ONE EVEN UNDERSTANDS ME! Ginger shrieked to no one in particular, stomping her foot, and walked out of the hallway.
Everyone was quiet. Too silent. 
 Well, what are you people looking at!? I said, furious. The fights over.
With luck, the bell rang, and everyone shuffled back to their classrooms, leaving the hallway empty again. I sighed, and pressed my hands on the padlock of my locker. I couldnt forget how Ginger looked at me with those odd eyes. I got a feeling that there was a demon inside her, so I surveyed the hallway to check if there was anyone else left. Only me, good, as Sun popped out from my shoulder, beaming.
Sun, I think Im going to need your help, I said, and Sun winked back at me.

When class was over, I begun to spy on Ginger. She was standing at the end of the hallway, walking limply and staring blankly at the ceilings. Sun was top of my lap, copying me, while I crouched behind the edge of the locker, peering to see where she was going.
Ginger went outside the school, and by this time, everyone had gone straight home, because it was already seven in the evening. The sky was turning black; the school empty and eerie, and no sign of everyone, except for us. I spied on her the whole day, but nothing seemed to be happening. It was tiring, but Im really patient to try and find out what she was up to. Lena avoided me, as well as Ginger. Sometimes, when we passed each other, she gave me a pleading sign, to change Ginger. I considered Lena and Ginger as my friend, and when a friend was in need of help, I will do whatever I could to save them.
If I could just call Scar, he might know what to do at times like this. I mumbled. Sun cheered and glowed brightly like a bulb. To my surprise, Sun created a glowing aura with Scars picture on it.
In the hazel green aura, Scar was idly sitting on the roof, smoking. His jacket had been placed on his shoulders, leaving him in his white undershirt.
Sun, you're a genius. Thank you. I praised. She blushed.
Scar, I whispered. Scar!
He jerked his head at the sky, searching for what called him. I giggled, and tried again. Its Kiko. Im here at school.
Kiko? He asked, scratching the back of his head. There was a red scarf wrapped on his neck, and the tails were whipping violently in the strong wind. How can you use telepath?
Never mind that. I peered through the locker, and thankfully, Ginger was still there, staring blankly at the decorated lockers on the right. I had been here for merely two hours and nothing seemed to be going on. Listen. I think my friend needs help. Somethings wrong with her and I think theres a demon destroying her soul.
His face turned serious and threw his cigarette off the roof. Alright, Im coming.
Before I could respond, Sun screamed and bounced wildly on my lap. 
Whats wrong Sun? What happened!? I said, my voice louder than before.
Sun dribbled up and down, pointing a finger at Ginger. I gasped. 
Ginger held a knife on her left hand, blade pointed on top of her right wrist. Oh no, shes going to kill herself. Without hesitating, I screamed at her, my right hand stretched in front of me. NO, GINGER STOP! 
Ginger paused and looked at me with blank eyes, her lips forming into a thin line. Her eyes turned to a shade of grey, then to gold, her pupils stretching and forming into a sharp oval. 
Im useless. I dont even have a life to go on. My parents are divorced and no one loves me. Ginger mumbled fast, but her voice was mixed with another deep sound. The demons voice.
No, youre not, I said, my fingers nearly touching the knife, but she jerked it away, shrieking with red energy emitting from her body.
I WANT TO DIE! I WANT TO DIE! I WANT TO DIE! I WANT TO DIE! I WANT TO DIE! I WANT TO DIE! I WANT TO DIE! She roared, her body arched in a monstrous way. I stepped back, fear throbbing my mind. Sun pulled me, just in time Gingers body exploded to fireballs, zooming past the area. Flames licked everything: the ceiling, the locker and every floor there was. I didnt even know if this was real or not, but the heat was scorching my skin, hot and painful, so it must be. The ceiling crumbled down as the whole place trembled. I scrambled to my feet, and dashed toward the exit, but the shakiness of the building was destroying my mind. More fireballs stride across me. Some hit the ground, and the one on my back, causing the ground to explode at my feet. I was thrown backward until my back hit the wall, blasting all the air from my chest. Darkness blinded me, but there was still life in my body.
When I opened my eyes, I saw the same mask with a diagonal scar in the middle. Its him! Scar carried me in his arms, and dodged the fireball that blasted our direction. I didnt see it coming, because Scar moved fast, like a ninja. He didnt talk to me, because his focus was directly on Ginger. 
A black dragon emerged from Gingers body, flames burning through its body. The wings of its back opened, sending strong gust of wind to our direction. 
Ugh, Scar shifted his weight, trying to fight the wind, but it was useless. The demon's power had sent us both flying out of the schools entrance, whirling through the sky. I screamed, pushing my hands down my skirt to hide my panties from getting seen. 
In the air, rustling sounds zoomed past my ears, sending strong gust of frozen wind through my direction. I stretched out my hands, pretending that I could fight it, and to my surprise, a hand grabbed my wrist. Scar held my hand and nodded at me. I understood what he want me to do, so focused myself on my surroundings, repeating the thoughts in my mind.
I want to get stronger. I want to save Ginger and kill this monster. I want to help Scar. I want to help everyone, so please
White light glowed, and the sooner I chanted it on my head, the white light turned brighter like the morning sun. Magically, my body changed its shape; my mind blocking every senses I saw, as my body floated in total darkness.
Alright, lets go Kiko! Scar yelled, his jacket flying behind him, and dived in the air, toward the dragon monster with me on his hand. He roared, then stabbed me on the Dragons body. Blood and flesh blocked my vision, but there was something wrong the way I saw it. Flames started licking my skin, burning half of my flesh. 
Scar! I screamed, fighting the sizzling cut on my cheek.
He performed a whirlwind attack, kicked the dragons jaw, and sent it crashing on the ground, retreating me with an arc swing.
He examined my blade worriedly. Are you alright, Kiko?
I nodded, though it was a lie. The side of my cheek burned painfully. The dragon roared angrily from the injury, and spread its wings, lashing at us. Before Scar could plan a move, the dragon swiped his claws at him, so fast, blood gushed out from his chest.
We tumbled and crashed on the nearest car parked there, barely missing it by foot. My blade made a clang sound as I landed on the hood of the car. Clouds of dust swarmed us. I coughed. Scar, are you alright!?
I heard a painful groan beside me. Hes injured. I focused everything I got and changed back to my human form. With my body back, I could freely move on my own. Scar was lying on top of the cars hood, his right arm resting on his chest, blood dripping from his head. I squeezed my hands on my sides, stifling a gasp and a choking sob. It made me weak just seeing him like that. I couldnt help it, and leaned forward.
Are you alright!? Im desperate. I couldnt find his wound, ignoring the dragon roaring behind me, breathing fire. 
Ugh, He moaned, and removed his right arm where huge amounts of blood pooled on his chest. It hurts.
No, I took a look at his wounds. This is bad. The blood wasnt stopping, and I saw deep clawed scars on his chest, up to his stomach. Soul Reapers can get injured?
I need to heal you. I need to do something. I panicked. Behind me, the dragon was ready to kill us, and I couldnt think of a way to save him.
Dont worry about me, just kill that thing. Scar said, his voice low, and choked blood.
What? I blinked. I cant kill that thing all by myself!
If you dont, Scar pointed a shaky finger at the dragon, and past its shoulder, was Ginger, lying unconscious inside the destroyed hallway. you wont be able to save that girl.
My mind snapped awake. He was right, if I couldnt kill the demon, I couldnt save Ginger. I want to dieI want to dieGingers words echoed in my head. So this was the reason why Soul Reapers were born, because if they cant kill demons, then the human Soul dies with it. Something flared inside me, a sensation, or maybe anger. Over my shoulder, the furious dragon was spitting fire over the bushes, burning the school down. My hands clutched into fists. If I wanted to grow stronger, I needed to kill that thing, or else Scar was going to die.
Go," Those were Scars last words in my head before I rushed at the monster.
The wind was picking up its speed, blowing and whisking my hair backwards. The dragon turned to look at me, but before he could blow fire through its mouth, I leaped in the air, using the bench as a trampoline, and shape-shifted into a weapon. 
Over my surroundings, I noticed that Im not the beginners dagger from last night. Silver chains trailed around me, as I expanded to something bigger, sharper and lighter.
Scar gasped. A high-end spear.
A clever grin spread across my face. I dived, the sharp end pointing at the dragon and jabbed its stomach. It struggled and roared in pain, clawing its back to get me off. If I wanted to end this quickly, I needed to change back into a human, or maybe shape-shift to another weapon. 
I transformed back to my human form, and had managed to dodge its claws swiping in the air. My shoes stopped me from sliding on the cement, and just like in my karate class, I learned to kick its foot before it could attack. The dragon doubled, but the wings pulled back and hit me in the cheek. I stumbled backward, and out of the corner of my eye, my right foot transformed to long series of chains. What? My right foot became a part of my Weapon form?
I twisted the chain backward and zoomed it forward, wrapping it across the dragon's neck. But it didnt stop there, more chains emerged from my right foot, and tied the dragons wings, arms and legs. Woah! I didnt know that I could do that. Concentrating hard, I changed to the same high-end spear, and lunged myself upward, twirling and flashing straight until I hit the dragons open mouth, stabbing its heart.
Streams of flesh and blood soaked me, as I hear a thud from its body. Without waiting, I transformed back to my human form and landed outside, drenched in blood. The first thing I saw were the dragons lifeless eyes, along with the heavy blood pooling under it. I have killed my first demon, all by myself.
Scars voice interrupted my parade cheer. Kiko, catch this!
I turned around, and caught the jar safely with both hands, until the dragon exploded to dust, reviving the demon soul. This time, the flames were red. The jar freely opened on its own, the lid floating beside it. The jar automatically sucked the flames, leaving the whole place back normal again. No more flames, no more craters or burning bushes. 
Yes! Yes! I couldnt help, but be proud of myself. Then the happiness faded away when I saw Scars injured body on the ground.
 Scar! I rushed at him, clutching the jar tightly in my arms. He coughed, and rolled to the side, squeezing his hands on his wound. I kneeled in front of him. 
No, no, no. I mumbled, tears forming my eyes. Scar couldnt die now. He surprised me when his clean hand touched the side of my cheek, sending chills down my skin. Good job Kiko. That was the first time I have ever seen a weapon fight all by herself.
No, Scar, dont. I clutched his hand and pressed it on my cheeks. Youre going to be okay.
He smirked, and coughed. Soul Reapers cant die. But we are closer to death, if our injuries are huge for us to handle, I scanned his wound, it looked so deep.
Sun appeared on top of my head and spoke in another language that I couldnt understand. Sun. Please help him, I pleaded.
Sun nodded and whistled behind me. Then, thousands of garden spirits appeared, circling around us. They were variety of colors, glowing in the dark, and just looking at them was like looking at the stars.
The garden spirits danced, and chimed something. I watched them as their lights glowed brightly in different colors. I saw Sun dancing, while Scar watched them in amusement, staring at the beautiful lights arising from his body. His face was getting richer in color, and I realized that they were healing him. The wound on his chest sank into different colors of light, sewing back and vanished, as if there was never an injury from the start. They smiled and curtsied back in return, while the rest of them vanished into thin air, leaving Sun on top of my head.
Sun, I couldnt believe what just happened. Sun waved goodbye to me before she disappeared with the rest of the spirits. Scar got up, and examined his chest. His undershirt was stained and soaked with his blood, and checking his injury, he pushed his clothes up. I blushed, seeing his lean, hard stomach before he tugged the shirt down.
Thank you, Kiko. He got up in unbelievable speed, and in a blink, his face was few inches closer to mine. He touched my left cheek; the burn I got from the dragon was completely healed. I wouldnt be alive in this world without you.
And pressed his mouth on mine. For the first time, I felt the love spreading on his lips. But my expectations were broken when the kiss didnt last longer for a minute. Scar smirked, and I blushed, lowering my face. It was a quick kiss, but I still hoped for another one much longer than this.
Come on, Scar attached his mask, and gazed down the newly constructed school; the frosty wind breezing in. We need to finish our mission.
I nodded, peering at Gingers body lying on the hallway; a smile tugging the corner of her lips, and a tear dripping on her right eye.
Chapter 5




Today was Sunday, my favorite day. Once this day comes, Ken will plan a wonderful trip for me to enjoy. And for todays theme, he chose the new Theme Park down by the block. The pink and blue scarf Ken gave me was still wrapped around my neck. I wore my simple and normal outfit for winter day. For whatever reason, all of my clothes were what they call rich and glamorous, but after long hours of searching, I finally found a common outfit for me to wear. I couldnt wait to spend this moment with Ken. After last nights incident, I had become cautious, and last nights quick kiss last night couldnt seem to slip off my head.
 You looked stunning, as always, Miss. Ken smiled. His brown hair was tousled to his the right; glasses replaced by blue contact lenses. He wore a simple T-shirt, leather jacket and long beige brown pants. Even though he was a few years older than me, he looked like he was my brother.
I always look stunning, but look at you. This is the first time Ive seen you wearing a T-shirt. I teased.  
Oh, well, I thought you might like it. Ken said.
Were going to be late for the opening. I said excitedly. Come on! I grabbed his hand and we ran to the new Theme Park down town. 

My whole body trembled in excitement. When we arrived, there were already thousands of people lined up on the entrance. Balloons everywhere; gigantic fantasy rides; bulky food carts. It was like a dream come true. The new amusement park Free on Roads was already a hotspot for new people like me. There were children screaming and laughing as they pulled their parents to lined up for the rides, bouncing energetically. Everything glowed beautifully in the daylight, and what caught my attention was the thrilling roller coaster ride, visible among the others. I could imagine myself falling down those high railings, and spun endlessly in the sky. My fingers were eager to touch that ride. Then there was the cable cars, moving slowly in the zip line, where you could see an amazing view of a mountain, from high up. Everything here was like a paradise.
I didnt notice that Ken was talking to me, when my reverie broke down on its own. I snapped my head back at him. What?
Ken let out a friendly laugh. I said, where would you want to ride first?
I blinked. My mind screamed, the roller coaster! But remembering Kens feared of heights, I thought of bailing out of the idea. Um
I get it, He said, smiling. You want the roller coaster ride, dont you?
I-I I stammered. How do you know?
Well, you were staring at it with eagerness. Come on, lets go there before the line goes long. He started to walk, and I pulled his sleeve, stopping him. 
Wait, I thought you hate heights? I asked, my cheeks reddening. 
He chuckled warm-heartedly, and held my hand. The warmth of his palm reminded me of Scars hand, and I pushed that idea away. Kiko, Im your bodyguard. This is about you, not me. So if you want the roller coaster, I can deal with it.
He was perfectly lying. No doubt about it, but I still agreed with him.

One family had caught my attention near the fountain. The father was taking pictures with his two daughters and wife. Once the father finished taking shots of his family, he scooped both of his daughters and brought them on his shoulders, laughing. The camera and the father painfully reminded me that I didnt had any photographs at home. Cameras were strictly not allowed inside the house. I didnt know why but I had the urge to try it. The father laughed and kissed his daughters in the cheeks, and gently put them down. Six months had passed, and still, I hadnt seen my father after mother died. If my father wasnt the Mafia boss from the start, will our family be like that? Taking pictures. Laughing. Kissing?
Kiko, Ken said. Earth to Kiko?
Huh, what? I blinked back at him, tears prickling my eyes.
Youre crying. Ken said gently, and to my surprise, he wiped the tears off my eyes with his thumb. Dont worry, just think of happy thoughts while youre still here. After all, this is the reason why I chose this day to become yours.
I nodded silently and tried to smile my best. He was right, I wanted to have fun, not thought about how lonely, or miserable I am when my parents werent around. After all, I got Ken.  Just as we moved across the front entrance for the roller coaster, someone bumped into me.
Kiko!
I knew that voice. When I turned around, Ginger and Lena were drinking sodas, beaming at me. My eyes widened, the sight of Ginger made me aware of what happened to her last night. I examined her for any signs of injury, but there was none, not even a cut on her wrist. Gingers black hair was tied into a neat ponytail. She wore mini shorts and white boots, and a rainbow scarf wrapped on her neck. Beside her, Lenas blue pom-pom hat stood out from the crowd, and also wore a blue denim jacket and black slacks.   
Hey, Ginger, Lena. I said, smiling. Glad youve gotten together again.
Lena beamed, and sipped a large amount of liquid on her straw. Yeah, Ginger apologized to me this morning and she offered to check this place out.
Ginger shrugged apologetically. Yeah, it was kind of my fault. I was getting hot-headed yesterday, and Im sorry that I got you involved, Kiko.
No problem, I said. It was no hard feelings, and Im glad that she was safe and sound.
She looked at Ken with awe. I see you already got a boyfriend. Nice to meet you, Im Lena, and this knuckle head is my best friend, Ginger.
Ginger laughed, blushing. Hes devilishly cool too.
Ken smiled kindly and bowed, the way Japanese people do when they greet each other. Im Ken, its very nice to meet Kikos friends.
Ginger waved a hand, as if shes squatting a fly. No need for formalities, we were just going anyway.
 Hey Gingi, that ride looks like fun, Lena tugged Gingers arm and looked back at me. Sorry Kiko, Ken, have a great time with the rides.
Before they left, Ginger whispered something in my ear. Her breath tickled my skin, and my neck. Thank you for saving me.
And then she met up Lena, winking back at me before they disappeared through the crowd. I blinked back, dazzled by what she said. She knew I was fighting the demon inside her?
Kiko, its our turn, Ken gestured me to move on. Since we were the last one to sit inside the car, my heart pounded nonstop; my mind throbbed for the ride. While Im eagerly excited, beside me Ken looked like he was going to die from this ride.
He noticed me looking at him, and waved a nervous hand. Oh dont worry, I can handle this.
I prayed that he will.
The ride was fast, it tossed and turned us down to our sides. But the amazing part was the sudden fall on the top railing. I couldnt breathe, but with the unbelievable speed and jolt of the cart, it was worth my day. Everything was blurry; the wind picked up the speed, whisking my head backwards, and when the other passengers raised their hands in the air, I copied them. What a day! It was so nice to fly and spin around the sky, as if Im falling and twirling at the same time. All my worries disappeared in a second, even ignoring Ken, who looked pale as a ghost.
When the ride was over, Ken was shivering, his hands gripped tightly on the stool bar. He couldnt move, even his jaw was frozen. I laughed at him, but inside, I felt sorry for him. His hair was a mess, and his T-shirt was unbalanced on his shoulders. Good thing he wasnt wearing glasses today.
Ken, you look horrible, I giggled. He shook his head and shakily climbed out, his legs stiff from the ride. He was deeply frightened, and scared out of his wits.
II He stammered. Before he could finish, I pulled his hand up and dragged him across the center of the park. From time to time, his actions were starting to get back to normal, the color returning to his face. 
Didyou have fun? He asked, his voice still shaky. 
Oh, it was AWESOME! I said cheerfully. Slowly he smiled, and shyly scratched the back of his head. 
There was a spark in his eyes when he looked at the Ice Cream shop down by the street. Young children were holding frozen ice creams, licking and skipping along the road. I never had an ice cream before, and the sight of it made my stomach clenched in hunger. 
Ice cream? He asked, noticing my eager face.
Alright, I grinned. Just, one try.

Ken did all the talking as I stared blankly through the park. Since it was the start of winter, it was not late to try some ice cream. In fact, it was the best thing I had tasted in my whole life. The Merry-go-round caught my attention. Parents and children rode up and down the horses; some of them sitting on the carts, and some taking photos with their kids. There was so much that I hadnt experienced yet. 
We sat quietly on the nearest bench, eating ice cream. The chocolate flavored ice cream brought sweetness to my tongue, while Ken licked his vanilla-strawberry ice cream.
Ive been thinking, Kiko. He said. Well, I just wanted to knowthatumm He peered the other direction. You liked that haunted house ride when we were kids. Do you remember when you spilled soda on my shirt, and you cried so hard, because you were such a clumsy girl?
I remember, I licked the melted portion of the ice cream. It was nice to recall those funny moments when we were still a child. Yeah, my mom cheered me up, and bought you a new one instead. Oh! I remember that you were scolded by our neighbor because you couldnt take care of her clumsy dogand one time, you accidentally wore a mini-skirt for the play. I laughed. That was so funny!
Ken laughed. So many good memories. It was kind of nice, you know. But He shook his head. you know, Kiko, even if your parents are not here, I just want you to know that Im still here. He looked at me, his eyes serious. Whenever you feel lonely, Im here by your side. Do you remember the time when you asked your mother to take me as your brother?
Yeah, I blurted. That was really funny.
But he wasnt joking when I said it. He was really serious about it. My heart throbbed in my chest. It wasnt normal, but there was something different about the way he said it as if he was in love.
His right hand slowly touched the tip of my fingers resting on the bench. Why is my heart beating so fast? Why does Ken make me so nervous?
II He stammered, and forced himself to spit it out. I like you, Kiko. Ever since I became your childhood friend, I have developed feelings for you. We were both speechless. The ice cream melted on his hand, the excess liquid dripping from his fingers. 
Im sorry, I blurted. His eyes widened and I looked down, circling my feet on the floor. I, kind of like someone else, What is wrong with me!? Why did I say that in front of Ken? 
Oh, He said, and burst into laughter. I gaped at me as if my words didnt even affected his love interest. Thats okay. But we can be still friends, right?
What? I looked once more at Ken. Disappointed, but there was hope flickering on his eyes. I gave him a wide smile, and said. Yeah, well be always friends. Forever, right?
Yeah, He grinned. Thank you, Kiko.
Im glad that it was all over. I hoped that this will be another great day for us. Now that I mentioned it, I didnt deserve Ken, instead I deserve someone else like
My thoughts were shattered when a giant, scary haunted house ride caught my attention. There was a large sign with lazy strokes of paint brush, hanging upside down just below the poster, written Haunted Lovers. Couples were already lined up, chatting, and I could see some girls secured to their boyfriends, telling them how scared they are. The image of Kens hand placed on mine made me feel guilty about myself. 
I quickly ate the last piece of my ice cream cone, and jabbed my finger to the eerie ride. Lets go there. For now, I think I want to see some real spooky monsters. 
He followed the tip of my finger, and smiled nervously. I hoped that he wasnt scared, because I might get disappointed if he didnt. Instead, he shook his head, sipped the last of his ice cream, and threw it in the trashcan.
Alright. Wherever you want to go, Im on it. He said, though it was a lie.
Come on, scaredy cat. Lets go before our seats get taken. I teased, and linked my arm with his elbow.

The place was pitched dark, and I couldnt barely see a thing. All I know was that were strapped on a two seat cart that ran slowly down the track. Ken was beside me, his skin touching my shoulders, and I couldnt help, but blush. We were sitting inside the cart, running in circles, as gory costumed creatures emerged from the dark, scaring us. Ken gave a little yelp, but Im grinning madly, enjoying the show. Blue dim lights were swinging in the background, emerging with reds and greens. More scary monsters popped out from the dark, laughing and roaring like terrifying beasts. 
Are you scared, Kiko? Ken asked me, his sweat glistening in the blue light.
No, I admitted, just as a gooey monster popped beside us, scaring Ken. He breathed in and out, his fingers tightened on the bar, like what happened at the roller coaster ride.
Chilly air snaked across my neck. That was weird.
 When the cart had undergone to deep darkness, someone yanked me from behind, dragging me out of the cart, unnoticeable. A hand secured tightly on my mouth, making it harder for me to breathe. I furiously tried to claw the hand off my mouth, but it was no use, the grip was too strong, like steel. My legs were dragged on the dirt, staining my boots. Behind me, I heard several bodies shifting in the shadows. It was happening again, just like that day at the hall of mirrorsthe day when that fat man kidnapped me. I wont be humiliated like this! 
We were deep in the forest, so dark I couldnt see anything, but the faint of light peering through the gaps. I vigorously kicked my feet up, but I couldnt hit my attacker in this total blackness. 
Quiet down, will you!? A hand shoved me face-first on the dirt. Behind me, someone grabbed my arms, locking it on my back. I braced myself for any kind of assault, but to my surprise, my kidnapper didnt beat, or hit me to keep from moving. I think hes waiting for someone. 
Ive got her, The kidnapperthe man, said. Not to me, but to his companion that I couldnt see.
Good, reel her in. Shell make a great corpse for them to display. The other man said, his voice far away from me. Corpse? What are they talking about?
 You heard that young lady, were going to kill you, and once youre dead, were going to show them how we, the employees of this stupid theme park, horrible our jobs is.
They shoved my face hard on the ground; the pressure crushing my nose. The demons had started to take over their human souls, reconstructing their plan to take down their boss company. 
I need to concentrate and start shifting into a weapon. But I cant. The way their voices muffled, and their mouths making gurgling noise, couldnt make me concentrate. Ken must be looking for me right now. My mind was confused, and I didnt know why. These feelings just popped out whenever I tried to think Kens hands on minethe light kiss on my cheek from Scar. I cantI cant
Strong wind circled us like a tornado. I heard the men yelling behind me, but I couldnt understand them because of the thunderous sounds made by the wind. I couldnt see anything from the adrenaline speed of the wind, but I knew the men were pushed away, sucked into the mouth of the tornado. Lightning flashed from the sky, for a moment, I thought I saw someone dropped from the air, but because of the hazy atmosphere, the only thing I saw, was the outline of a person. No, not a person, but a girl.
As the fogs cleared, I stared in awed, at the girl that landed a few inches in front of me. Her long, amber burning hair flickered in the light, creating torches and flicks of flames from the ends of her hair. We made eye contact. Her eyes were the color of gold and red, like her hair, and she had the looks of a fierce, terrifying goddess. When our eye contact was broken, she jammed her feet on the mans chest, sending him crashing down the decorated trees. Another man bear-hugged her, but she was too fast, way fast, and swung her fist on his rib, throwing him in the air. 
There was more. She raced forward, her boots tapping in melodically rhythm on the ground, and leaped in the air, summoning a blind flashing light that appeared on her handa double-tipped spearand swiftly stabbed the guybefore the monster inside him rose out. Blood spurt out, staining her pale face, and she flipped her spear, stabbing the monsters heart with a final blow. The monster roared in agony before it exploded into dust. 
Without waiting for the demon soul to appear, the girl whirled around in a huge arch, and threw her spear at me. It blindly zoomed past my ear, hitting the man behind with me with bulls eye. The monster exploded to twinkling dust, and two orange flames flickered between the dark. The deadly, but striking girl flipped her fiery hair. She wore a black coat up to her knees, and a white camisole. There was something familiar about the way she looked at me as if Im drawn to the only thing she had in common with
Something crashed above us. It was not an object, but an approaching shadow, zooming past the decorated trees. Scar smoothly landed in front of me like a cat, glaring at the girl as if they were mortal enemies.
Frey! He barked, What the hell are you doing here!?
Frey gave him a smirk, a proud one, and stabbed the spear on the ground, her right arm on her hips. Im just doing my duty, you know. I never imagine that I would meet you in this place, brother.
Brother!? That was why Im drawn to herbecause they both had the same deadly, thrilling auras when it came to fighting demons. But, for some reason, Scar was angry at her, even though they were siblings.
I know youre lying, so spit it out, or does Father want you to babysit me? He hissed. Father? Hes got a father, and a sister?
Well, he did say, but Im on my own. After all, my Weapon needs training, right, Hughes? Frey said, pleased with her spear. Shes also a Soul Reaper? Is she your Weapon, Scar? she gazed down at me with interest.
Yeah? He cocked his head, smirking. Tell father that I have finally found a Weapon on my own, but be careful, because shes much powerful than yours
 Of course, she is. She snorted. But Ill tell him that. She turned, and gave me a wink. Be sure to train hard with my brother, and Her face darkened. I hope that youll break.
And then she summoned the tornado, sucking the wind around her, and vanished with it. The two men were still lying unconscious on the ground, but the props that were destroyed returned back to normal as if the place was never made into a training ground. 
 What the hell do you think you were doing with these people!? Scar barked at me.
II I stammered, his eyes flaring as if I did something wrong. We just took a ride here.
With who!? He demanded. I gulped, anger sparked inside me.
 With Ken, I said, proudly, and started to walk on the opposite direction. 
Kiko, come back here! He said. But I didnt care, and just with luck, Ken bumped to me.
His face was glistening with sweat, his chest rising and falling fast. He was so relieved to find me, and protectively wrapped his arms around me, sobbing, or a choking in exhaustion.
Thank god, I have found you, Kiko! He said. Where have you been!? You were by my side a while ago, and suddenly you disappeared.
I got scared. I think. Im sorry, but I ran away as soon as the ghost appeared. I lied in my childish voice. Thankfully, he gave in, and took some time to breathe some air. Out of the corner of my eye, Scar was trembling in jealousy, or was it? 
Dont ever do that again, Kiko. Ill lose myself if I lose you. He said worriedly.
Im sorry. Ill never do that again. I swear. I said, biting my lip.
 Come on, lets get out of here. He grinned.
Before we got out from the place, I peered over my shoulder to see how Scar was doing, but to my disappointment, he disappeared, leaving a trace of guilt boiling inside me. 
Chapter 6




The lanterns that were decorated outside my house were swinging, and dancing along the wind. During November, the housekeepers decided to the roof top with Chinese lanterns for luck. When we arrived at the door, I thanked Ken for the wonderful trip today, and he curtsied in return. We parted our separate ways; I went upstairs, while he went down to the basement. Even if todays experience was magnificent, something was stopping me from forgetting all that fun. I knew that feeling when I was scolded for playing roughly on the swings, and Scars the one doing that. Why wasnt he pleased to see his sister? The Father they are talking aboutis he the one who made the agreement with Scar?
When I turned the doorknob and pushed the door open, Scar was already lying on my bed, staring blankly at the Japanese decorated ceilings, with both of his arms resting on his head. I flipped the lights on and clutched my hands to fists. What is he doing here? I thought he was mad at me.
Kiko, He muttered blankly as if he was disappointed, or maybe too angry to speak.
I took my coat off, keeping my mouth shut. Confused, Scar got up and sat cross-legged on the bed, messing his hair in frustration. 
Kiko, Im sorry, He said, finally. I beamed inside, but outside, my lips were sealed. I turned around, and he was already in front of me.
He cupped my face with both hands, and for a moment, I thought he was going to kiss me, but he just leaned his head on mine, breathing heavily. His eyes reminded me of the gray skies of Florida.
I raised my hand and gently touched his cheek. The side of his face was cold as if Im tracing down shards of icicles. Youre just stressed out. Mind telling me who that girl is?
Frey, He looked away from me, his eyes enveloped with sadness. Ugh, dont think about it. Shes not that important.
She saved me, so I have the right to know. I pressed him. 
I dont really understand what is going on. But all I can tell you is that Frey spared you because she is interested in you. He said, Do you remember the ten thousand demon souls I need to capture
or else youll be banned from the Underworld. I continued his sentence. He paused, then gave up.
Yeah, It must be so hard for him to think all those things. He told me a while ago that Soul Reapers were strict, but never caring. But in my opinion, his family were just overprotective, like Ken. 
My hands clutched his undershirt. I thought Soul Reapers dont have a family.
They do, He kissed the top of my head. Im justlucky.
I think theyre right. They dont want to lose you, I get it, but why dont you accept help from others.
Thats not the point, Kiko. There was anger in his tone, Whats more important is that you need to protect yourself from demons. Youre not ready at that time, but
But what!? I asked, curious. Snow fell quickly from the sky, creating thick piles of snow outside the mansion. 
Soul Reapers never accept any help from others. Never. Or else theyll think youre weak. He said.
That explained the look on Freys face. She thought Im a weak Weapon because I cant kill them on my own. But why the sudden entrance? I dont get it
She was doing her job. She just dropped by to examine you. Scar said, reading my mind. 
Why are they so interested in me? I untangled myself from his hug and sat on the edge of the bed.
Scar shook his head. Never mind that. The important thing is that you must be always alert. Dont let your mind confuse you with that, boy. 
He said, like that boy was a foul word, treating Ken as if he was the bad guy around here. I cant take it anymore. I darted across the corner of my room, grabbed my katana, and pointed the sword at Scar, blade shining in the light. My eyebrows were already close to my eyes, feeling the hot boiling rage inside me.
What are you doing, Kiko? He pocketed both his hands, and looked at me without any sign of fear, but surprised.
I had enough of you! Dont you dare treat Ken like hes a part of this! This day was supposed to be my happiest day of my life, but you ruined it, because your sister saved me, so you already think of me as a weakling. I yelled, tears flooding my eyes. 
Never show your weakness to your enemy, I said in my mind.
Youre not a weakling, Scar admitted and popped a cigarette on his mouth. I charged the sword in a blind movement, and for a second, the cigarette split in half. His mouth opened, dropping the broken piece on the floor, and stared at me with awe.
I dont care. You think that Im just a slave, because Im a Weapon for the Soul Reapers. You dont care about my feelings, except for yours. Im just a useless thing to you, right? My face was beet red; my hand white knuckled from the grip. A horrible sob escaped my mouth. 
He lowered his head in defeat, the answer planted on his face. To my horror, he was really telling the truth. Im just a slave to reapers, tied to them until death. I thought of the family back at the park. Happy. Free. But me, Im just someone who had been locked up inside the mansion that was told to wait my father every year. Of all the times weve been through. Scar...so that was the reason. The kissthe trainingall of it was a lie. 
Go, I spat, a choking sound from my mouth. Horrible. Horrible. What kind of person is he...? He raised his eyebrows, and I screamed. Get out! I never want to see your face, ever again! 
I didnt have time to see what his reaction was but just like that, he disappeared, leaving the window open. I fell on my knees and wailed horribly, the sword dropped on the floor with a loud thud. Im so stupid. I curled myself on the floor and let myself cry while I sleep, shivering in the cold wind. 

Miss, you need to eat, The maid said beside me, I didnt know name, because for years, I tried to avoid the housekeepers. They never spoke to me, not one word during my childhood years of training in isolation. Now Im alone, sitting at the high end table, surrounded by eight empty chairs, my hand ladling the soup in idle circles. 
I dont feel hungry, My voice was weak from crying last night. Today, school was cancelled early because of the winter storm, leaving me enough time to heal myself. I felt like Im in my seven year-old situation again. After realizing that mom was really dead, I had gone under 6 months of depression, with small portions of food and drink. Day and night. I had been curled up in my room, staring blankly at the ceilings. At that time, I didnt understood what pain wasuntil nowmom dying, dad gone, housekeepers ignoring. Ken was the one who endured the pain. He fought the depression, and instead of sulking, he took charge of the house chores and everything. I wished I could be like him, but unfortunately, Im just a weak little girl who cant endure anything. Whats with the lot of cash and luxurious things when you dont have someone to enjoy with?
Miss, The maid gently soothed my back. You need to eat. Your mother wouldnt want you sick, right?
My mother. My mind snapped me awake, remembering Moms beautiful face in my dreams. Maybe I could join her in heaven right now, but that seemed too impossible. Risking that will break Kens heart. Ken. He had done more than enough to help me, but I just want to be on my own for now. 
Alright. Just half of it, I said, and the maid smiled. Her name tag spelled Reeta. 
Very good, Miss. Ill prepare your clothes for school tomorrow. She said kindly.
Okay, youre dismissed, I said blankly, taking a few sips of the stewwhich I admitted, was really delicious. 
She curtsied, and left the room while I quietly continued to ladle my soup. 
In order for a Weapon to become stronger, the bond of a master and a Weapon must contain stronger relationship. 
After I finished eating half of the stew, I began to explore outside the mansion. I wrapped my arms around myself, as I strolled around the garden that had been hibernating for a while. Snow piled up my hair; and I hoped that the change of scenery could let go of my thoughts. I paused and stared at the neighbors house, covered with snow like a snow globe, with people laughing inside their houses. A tear dropped from my cheek. Family.
It was always like this every Christmas. Every night, after I had fallen asleep, the housekeepers were having a Christmas party down by the basement. Sometimes when I couldnt sleep, I would sneak past the living room and watch them as they laughed and enjoyed themselves with champagne and presents. Then, after the next day, a single present was sitting on my lap. The only presentwhich belonged to Ken.
I stood in the center of the garden, and practiced karate, stretching my arms and legs. It had been years since I had done this, after mom died. The garden spirits were nowhere to be found, hibernating, I guessed. And then something flickered across my eye. I whirled around, and saw a dark shadow coming this way. 
I positioned myself in my karate style as the breeze became stronger, getting foggier every minute. If this is a demon, I can definitely beat it. I clenched my hands to fists; my eyes alert for any motion. I will prove to Scar that I could become stronger without him. Weak. Weak. I dashed toward the dark shadow and performed a high, twisted mid-high kick. Weak. Weak. My foot hit something as if a bone was crushed, and immediately retreated back, as a man collapsed on the snow. I panted. Weak. Weak.
I scrunched my head. I am not weak! I can prove to them that I am not a spoiled brat being pampered by money!
I whirled back to the man. No sign of demon in him. The man groaned heavily in pain, clutching his stomach. The snow was getting stronger; the street becoming foggier. It was a little odd to find this man dressed in a black coat. His black hat had been lost in the blizzard; wired-rimmed glasses buried in the snow. When he painfully looked up, I froze, as if my insides stopped working. 
My breath was harsh, before I spoke a little loud through the breeze, my eyes trembling in shock. F-Father!?
He squinted through the hazy blizzard. Kiko? 
I didnt help him to his feet, instead I let him get up on his own. Everything around me stopped and froze as images passed through my mind like a rolling film. The man coated in black, wearing wire-rimmed glasses, and a black hatmy fatherHe had come backThe night that I feared of seeing my father got lucky for me, but now, I couldnt even handle myself. It was like my mind was tearing me apart. Hate, hate, hate.
Why!? This wasnt the right time to see him. He should be somewhere far awaygone! 
He staggered limply, and pushed himself up, using his knees. My attention was whisked to the large briefcase, lying on the deep snow. 
I gritted my teeth, my fists clenching and unclenching on my sides. What are you doing here?
We made eye contact, and he reached a hand for me to take.
 Answer me! I barked. He retreated his hand and ran it through his hair, smiling weakly.
Arent you glad to see me, Kiko Kurosawa? He asked, his voice mixed with Japanese accent.
 You didnt came home on Moms birthday. Why I should happy to see you? I said. He snorted and staggered forward, his knees blocked by the deep snow.
My mistake, my dear. My flight got delayed, but I thought that you would be glad to see me, since we havent seen each other for more than six months. He said, grabbing his briefcase and dragging it behind him. 
I crossed my arms across my chest, biting my lip harder than ever. I hate you. Just disappear. You disgrace mom.
Youre happy, He said and I flinched, when I didnt arrived at your mothers birthday. I could tell because youre my daughter, and now youre angry at me, because I come home at an unexpected time. He said. 
I hated that he was always right. During my childhood days, my father could interpret peoples facial expressions. He had sharp eyes and kin brain to analyze other peoples minds. 
To my anger, I stomped my foot and started to leave him buried in the snow. I didnt had time to waste my moments with himafter all, he neglected me for fourteen years. Im not his child anymore. Im not anyones daughter.
Youre not my father, and you will never be. I hissed before I left him, slamming the front door.

Ginger was talking to me at the phone, when Ken came out from the kitchen, holding a thinly exquisite tea set. It had been hours since I had left my father outside the house. I wondered if he had left already, but that was impossible. The aroma of the hot tea made my nose warm from the cold. I wrapped the blanket close to my body, while I sat across the fireplace. I wanted to forget that hes outsidethat he came home to ruin my day.
Green Tea, Miss? Ken placed the tray in front on the glossy, white coffee table, wearing his Japanese blue kimono again. 
I nodded, and said to Ginger that Ill be having something to eat. She understood and hung up. Ever since that incident, where I saved her from her demon, she became my best friend. Both of them, Lena and Ginger. 
Thanks Ken, I said, my voice strained from screaming a while ago. I wished that he would go away right now.
Cheer up, Kiko. I hope that my green tea will make all your worries disappear in a jiffy. Ken joked, and I laughed for a short take.
I clutched the warm tea cup, taking small sips to enjoy the bitter taste of green tea. I crossed my other leg on the L-shaped couch, filled with fluffy colorful pillows.
Fire crackled under the digital fireplace beside the couch. There were no coals, instead the platform generated the heat. Chandeliers in the shape of bottles hung upside down above the glassy coffee table, and what was more soothing was the transparent digital music stereo, playing my favorite classical music. Every door in our house was a paper sliding door, except for the front door. Everyone must be wearing socks, or homemade slippers to enter the mansion. It was common Japanese tradition. 
Before I could ask for another cup of tea, the front door slammed with tremendous force, breaking a mass of vase beside the door. The maids burst out from the kitchens.
Good gracious, what was that!? A maid gasped. 
I got a lucky guess of who that was, but I let them rush over to the front door. When they see who it was, they screamed and gasped in surprise, even Ken peered over the door to check who it was, but the blocking backs of the maids didnt allow him to see too much.
My lord, my lord! Several maids gasped.
Let me help you.
Please let me.
Ladies, please allow me. My father said, piles of snow running down from his hair. Luckily, he had found his wire-rimmed glasses under the snow, and carried his briefcase with his free arm; the other clutching his stomach. 
In a few minutes, all the housekeepers were helping their master from his exhausted trip. Ken clamped a hand on his mouth in surprise, his eyes pierced on my father, who was having a hard time talking with the maids.
I stayed quiet, pretending that Im having fun sipping my tea, watching them racketing around. It was normal for the housekeepers to be excited when their master comes home. 
The noise irritated my ears, so I jerked up to my feet. Leaving the tea, I started to head down to my room, when
Kiko!
I turned around, my eyes flaring at my father. The maids helped him to his feet, while some of them had their eyes pierced on me. There wasnt any sign of anger on my fathers face. My father was a different man. He wasnt strict, or talkative, but a quiet man.
What!? I said, rolling my eyes.
Do you want to have dinner with me? He asked, his voice gentle. Dinner, again. Just like always when he comes home. 
Before I could speak, three maids clapped their hands together, beaming. Oh yes! Dinner would be nice. We will prepare them right away, dont you worry, our Lord! They turned to the other maids. Right girls!?
The maids cheered in unison, while the boys nodded awkwardly, going with the flow. I didnt want dinner, but before I could tell them, they rushed toward the kitchen like a stampede, leaving only me and my father. 
We stared at each other for a few seconds. During the years that passed by, streaks of gray hair were seen visible under his short, black hair. What has he been doing? Then a hand clamped my shoulder, distracting my thoughts.
Miss, lets get you dressed up, while they make dinner. Reeta, my maid organizer, said. She was wearing her kimono sleeves short, because of house duties. I wanted to stop everything, but with the maids laughing and having a great time with the reunion of their master, I didnt want to disappoint them. Obediently, I nodded and Reeta pushed me lightly to the stairs.
Dont worry, Miss, Ill have the perfect dress for you. She said, eager to show me her creation.
Over my shoulder, I saw my father being greeted by a maid, and when she nearly grabbed the handle of the briefcase, he quickly blocked it, palms up.
Oh, no. Ill take this one, but thank you for the consideration. He said quickly. I got a feeling that something mysterious was under that briefcase.
The maid bowed and then left. He stood there, alone in the middle of the living room, clutching the handle of his briefcase, muttering something to himself, before we left.
Chapter 7




Oh, you look wonderful, Miss, beautiful as ever! Reeta clapped her hands together in delight, nodding in appraisal. She was right, I didnt look like Kiko Kurosawa, but Im satisfied with my look. Im wearing short kimono sleeves, patterned with yellow flowers and cherry blossoms. My hair was done in a simple ponytail, decorated with one pin rose. I didnt even look Japanese, for once.
Its beautiful, I complimented, running my hand through the tips of my hair. 
 Reeta, youre dismissed.
She bowed, and left my room with a big smile on her face. I looked back at the mirror, examining my new appearance. Round green eyes, brown hair, and rosy cheeks. 
I thought of Scar, and guilt rose in my stomach. He wouldnt come back, because Im weak and disloyal to him. He deserved a Weapon that was better and much stronger than I am, but with the limit, there was no way he was going to do that. 
Your soul is tied to me. When you die, you will rejoin with me. His words echoed in my head.
I placed my hand on my chest. Tied to him, huh? Taking a deep breath, I pushed the sleeves down to my arms and took the katana, tying it behind the large ribbon wrapped across my stomach. Im sure the maids wouldnt be able to see it. Protection, just in case. I turned the door knob and exited my room. You can do it, Kiko. Face your fears!

Festive was the word when I entered the dining room. The plain flowers were replaced by new ones. Asian foods were piled on the table. The maids formed a straight line, wearing their best formal kimonos, while they waited for my father. 
Welcome, Miss. The maids greeted me in cheerful unison. I nodded at them and they curtsied back. The butlers were missing, including Ken. I guessed the boys were preparing something else. Of all times, why this?
The food looks divine, I said.
I walked through the aisle, my hand soothing the long, glossy marble table-top, and sat at the end of the table, gracefully poised.
After a few seconds, the maids snapped their heads at the door and greeted in unison. Welcome, Sir.
My father slid the door, wearing a blue kimono with matching slippers. His face was cleanly shaved; glasses perfectly repaired. 
Magnificent! It looks very delicious, indeed. Thank you very much for your hard work. He praised. The maids giggled. Thank you Sir.
He noticed me sitting at the table, and smiled. Ah, Kiko. Such a beautiful girl, like your mother.
I didnt say a word, instead Im glaring back at him. Father laughed weakly, and waved his hand to dismiss the maids. They all bowed to him, leaving us both in peace.
Kiko, He sat on the opposite end of the table. His voice now serious. We need to talk.
Thats rare, because my father never says a word to me, when he rarely comes home from his trip. I said, my voice rising. He just sits at the table, eats his favorite dishes and thanks the gods for the wonderful food.
Kiko, He said sharply, without a hint of anger in his voice. I need to discuss something with you.
Go ahead, father. I snapped my chopsticks in half, and frowned. But lets eat first.
Kik
Eat, I roared, my voice hanging in the air. He sighed, defeated, and picked up his chopsticks.
Itadakimasu, I muttered. Thanks for the food. He repeated, and started to lift our small bowls of rice. Sukiyaki, Tempura, Miso soup, Tamago, Tuna sushi, and Green tea: all his favorites spread out on the table.
We ate in silence, picking up small portions of food, pairing with the rice. 
The silence was making him irritated, so he put down his half-eaten rice bowl, and cleared his throat to get my attention. Starting tomorrow, you are going to be transferred to a boarding school in California. Any objections?
I dropped the bowl, spattering rice, and broken pieces on the floor. What did you say!?
Its for your own good, Kiko. I came home because I want you to be safe, and also explai
Nothing is for my own good! You always said that to everyoneto me! For fourteen years, you locked me up in this huge house. How should I trust you!? I slammed the table furiously, my face beet red. The plates trembled, but none of them fell off the table.
He lowered his head, defeated as if he knew how true it was. I know that Im a horrible father. I left my responsibilities a long time ago when your mother died. But now, I want to change that, I want to protect you.
From what!? From your enemies! I screamed. You were always gone, so you dont know whats happening, because of your stupid job!
Its not stupid! He snapped back.
If you want to protect me so badly, you should have never joined your Mafia job. All you did was let mom die in loneliness, and left me alone like you never cared. You were never my father from the start, so dont treat me like Im your kid anymore!
Without thinking, I ran to the windows and broke the glass using both of my arms, covering my face. Glass shards exploded in my direction, along with my fathers voice drowned by the impact. I blindly dashed through the heavy snow; tears sliding down my cheek. Over my shoulder, I could see my house getting smaller and smaller every time I pushed myself forward.
It hurts, it hurts. I trudged to the blizzard, blindly running to the darkness. The black gate loomed in front of me, and I shifted my weight on my feet, swinging, and broke the gate in one severe blow. Then I slipped through the hole and dashed forward. The mansion was getting smaller, and smaller; trees covered in white; fifty feet walls becoming small squares. Hate, hate, hate. My lungs were freezing; my feet numb from the cold. The scenery was changing; no more houses, only the snow storm and the hazy fog. Hate, hate, hate.
I stopped and surveyed the place, my heart thumping furiously in my chest. Im far away from home. Streetlamps flickered the side of the road. Houses disappeared, replaced by a large, vast land, covered with thin naked trees. Where am I?
Wrapping my arms tightly around myself, I started to walk on the aisle. Snow began to fall heavily from the sky, making it hard for me to move. I wished I could find a place to stay, but with the cold weather, I might be able to freeze to death.

For hours, I walked in circles, arriving at different neighborhoods that was unknown to me, tired and hungry. My fingers were frozen, and my teeth were chattering. There wasnt much of a choice but to find a place to hide, or something to warm my hands. My legs gave up, and I crashed on the snow like a dead person. My eyes closed. Maybe Im really going to die, or freeze to death. The sky was already inkjet black; the blizzard getting stronger. Then, I saw the handle of the katana sticking out on the snow. A tiny smile curved on my lips. I want to reunite with my mom again.

Well, well, what do we have here? 
My eyes snapped open. Instead of seeing heaven, Im still alive, buried in the snow. A man with a pom-pom hat smiled toothless at me, his hands both on his hips. There was a red aura rising from his back, and I realized that it must be demon wings. The mans eyes were pitch black. He opened his mouth, hissing his snake-like tongue. A delicious prey. What a wonderful day to finally eat something nice.
In blink of an eye, he stabbed his arm to where I was lyingbut I had already rolled on my side, missing his attack, and blade pointing at him, as I alertly positioned myself for battle. What do you want!?
He recovered his arm and looked at me with a hungry face. Eat you. I wont let go of you. My prey.
Before he could move, I had already sliced his arm, staining the snow red. He laughed cold-heartedly, ignoring his missing arm. Youre a Weapon, the one that Reapers own, so why are you alone little girl? Are you scared of your own master?
I rolled out of the way before his claws snatched the air, and snapped back in anger, twisting the sword. Im not anyones Weapon!
He leaped, high enough where I couldnt reach him, and laughed as if something was stuck on his throat. Oh yeah!? If youre not anyones Weapon, care to explain what your foot?
My eyes trailed down my foot and a gasp escaped my mouth. My right foot was gone, replaced by series of silver chains.
Distracted by my thoughts, the demon swiped his foot and kicked me in the face. My vision splattered to white, yellows and red as I got knocked down on the ground, bruised, tasting blood on my lips. 
 Hey guys, come out! I got a neat prey today! The man landed a few inches on my face looking at his right. I followed his gaze; my eyes widening at the sight. 
Four, or more red demons were licking bloody bones from a little girl that was bleeding lifelessly on the snow. Her eyes were hollow. Butterflies swarmed my stomach. Theyre eating her. The sound of crunching live human bones, gnashing of human flesh, made me throw up on the side. 
Youre weak, just like that girl. Oh waita Weapon, just like you. He snorted, sharping his claws.
What are you talking about? 
He chuckled, licking his claws. Weapons who cant protect themselves gets eaten by demons, like us. He tilted his head, shadows dimming his features. Do you pity her, or are you still going to kill us in that condition?
Shut up! I snapped and turned my blade, so it was facing him. Im not weak!
In a flash of light, my blade hit his claw, blocking it. I pushed all my energy forward, but my sword didnt cut through him, and everything slowed down, when he grinned, showing his sharp teeth. Then, Im momentarily blown backward, blood gushing the sides of my arms. My body hit the pavement, leaving me in extreme pain, losing my sword in the snow.
Shadows loomed above me. The demons, smirked, talons out ready to kill me. I tried to escape, but one demon stabbed his hand on my shoulders, pinning me hard on the ground. A hand shoved my head up, squeezing it tightly as it was tearing my skin off. I screamed, but it was useless, giving them the chance to trap me, like a weak animal.
No-No I stammered. I dont want to get eaten by demons. Past them, I saw the sky turning red, but it was too impossible for me to change to a Weapon. The chains on my leg were free. I could attack them with my chains. Then reading my mind, the man with the pom-pom hat grinned, and crushed the chains with his claws. My whole body screamed in agony, as if my foot had been cut in half. Now, there was no way for me to escape.
Weak weapon. Now we are going to eat you. The demon said, eyes hollow like the man back at the theme park. I closed my eyes, biting my lip. Tears slipped down from my face. No, no, no. I dont want to, I dont wan
A mixture of agonizing yells and gushing of blood made me alive somehow, and when I recognized the scarred mask, I know what was going on. Scar moved fast, like the windtoo fast for the demons to notice him. He leaped up, bringing down his new sword in a crescent arc. All I could see were blood gushing out the monsters bodies, howling in pain until they dropped limply on the ground. When no one was moving, Scar unsheathed his new sword with a red cloth.
I was barely breathing in this state. Trembling, scared, and crying. Scar kneeled down, and lifted me up from the ground. Pain stabbed my stomach and my shoulders, but all of them vanished when Scar hugged me, his hand supporting my back.
His fingertips were very warm. My lips were trembling, pale as white and he smelled good, not cigarettes, but the scent of flowers. He took off his scarred mask, and dropped it on the snow. I burst into a loud wail, and clutched his jacket, digging my fingers on his back.
ShhIm here. Im here. He gently said. But it only made me cry louder. 
Scar, I sobbed. I had never been glad to see him again. I missed you.
Me too, He said. Lets go back to your room, you look awful.
I gave one last nod, and drifted myself to sleep from exhaustion.
Chapter 8




I sat on the garden bench, surrounded by indigo flowers near the trees. Birds chirped as they flew past the rushing water of the fountain, which stood in the middle of the garden. 
Hello, Kiko. My mother appeared beside the sunflower bush. She smiled, her eyes slanted, and pushed a lock of brown hair covering her face. 
Mom! I jerked up from the bench, but as soon as I did, my body started to hurt. I gritted my teeth, my mom rushed at me.
Be careful, dear, She wrapped her arms around me, and gestured me to sit. 
I dont get it, why does my body hurt? I asked, confused, remembering that this was just a dream.
Because you got injured fighting those bad men. She childishly touched the tip of my nose. 
But, Scar was there too, I accidentally blurted out, making my face red. Mom giggled and sat beside me, resting her hands on her lap.
Scar? Who is this young man? Is he handsome, cute? Come on tell me about it. She batted her eyelashes and I laughed at her.
Aha-ha. Yeah, I think hes cute. I blushed and she beamed.
She leaned back to her bench, staring at the sky. You know, back when I was younger, I used to have lots of boyfriends. Handsome guys like him. But then, my mom have to pick one for me because of the family tradition. She shrugged, nonchalantly. Your father was good enough, though I liked someone better.
It was odd to talk about boys, but this was my mother, and I didnt know much of her life before she died. So what happened?
I really loved my mom, and we were short on money because my father died in a car accident. I was beautiful, like you, Kiko. She looked at me, her eyelashes fluttered every time she moved. Guys like me. Some of them even worked hard to make a proposal, but since Im too obedient to my mother, I refused them all.
Oh, Thats all I said.
Yeah, it was ridiculous right? She examined her hands. My mom said that when I reach eighteen, a suitor will marry me. I guessed mom didnt have much details, all I know is that hes awfully rich and brave.
It must be hard for you, huh? I said. She smiled gently.
Not really, he was kind and generous. And then she frowned. But fate put him in the wrong hands, She stared at me. Hes a good father. Hes just having a hard time expressing his feelings, but I know inside, he deeply cares about you.
Like sending me away to a boarding school, I groaned. She gently patted my shoulder. Then the flower spirits popped out from the bushes, smiling and giggling happily. Sun wasnt there, but I thought it would be nice to have company.
Kiko, I know its very hard for you to understand. But it isnt his fault that I died, it was mine. I hid it from him, Tears slid from her cheeks. Because of what I did, both you and your father have been left to a lonely life. Im so sorry.
Dont be mom, I clamped a hand on her arm. Im just glad that youre still alive inside me.
She smiled weakly, and gazed to the parading garden spirits. Youre very special, Kiko. She squeezed my left hand. Very special.
I gave her a tight smile. Yeah, I know.
Suddenly, she stood up from the bench, without turning her back on me. Dear, whatever your choice is, fulfill it. Youve got so many friends with you. When she turned around, her eyes were shimmering emeralds in the light, her body glowing. Take good care of yourself.
Then white light beamed from her body, so bright that nearly blinded my eyes.

The sound of water woke me up. Sweat dripped down my eyes. I slapped face awake, sitting on my bed with thick blankets. So Im back in my room again, wearing camisole and shorts. The kimono outfit yesterday was taken off, and folded neatly inside my drawer. My forehead was wrapped with a long bandage, along with my right shoulder and my stomach. Someone nursed me, but who
The door to the bathroom was open ajar, and I saw steam coming out, hearing the splash of water. Someone was taking a shower. I slowly slid out from my bed, and took a quick peek inside the bathroom. Spots of red appeared my cheeks.
Scar was facing the mirror, his back turned to me, half-naked with one hand supporting the towel on his waist. He combed his gorgeous, tousled black hair with his hand. My heart was pounding like a drum. Drops of water dripped down his perfect collar bones and broad shoulders. The angle of his body was perfect, lean, slightly muscular, but cool. I couldnt take my eyes off him. My breathings had become shallow, rising up and down, up and down. Instead of fainting, I took one step backward, but suddenly my foot slipped
I screamed, but in a blink of an eye, Scar caught me in his cold, wet arms. 
S-S-S-S-S-Sc-aar! I stammered, my face red like crimson. He looked at me, his mouth slightly open, and his hair freshly wet from the shower. 
Kiko. Careful, He said, carrying me up to the bed. 
He gently put me down, tipping the blankets over my chest. You need to rest. Your injuries are not healed yet.
I-I- I gulped, taking deep breathes. You came back.
He raised his eyebrow in question. I know. Im sorry that I was selfish.
I wanted to be angry at him for leaving me, deceiving me, but right now, I felt so weak, so I lie down, helpless. I thought that he had left me alone to die, just like my father left me when I was a kid. Anger was coursing through my veins. He said that Im a slave, a thing for Soul Reapersand yet, he came back for me. Was he bluffing? Or did my eyes deceived me when I saw a new sword in his hands? Everything was spinning in my head, so I gave up, the anger disappearing like a puff of dust. Yeah, you were
He sat beside me. What were you doing out there? You could have been eaten alive!
I didnt know that Weapons can get eaten by demons. I blurted. He frowned, and shifted out of the bed. I peered over to my shoulder to see what he was doing. Scar dragged a long, black cape-coat, and slipped it on. I closed my eyes, giving Scar his privacy to change. For a few seconds, after it had become silent, I cranked my eyes open. Scar was already dressed in his Soul Reaper attire, wearing loose white undershirt and tight black jeans. 
He looked at me, over his shoulder, embarrassed. Sorry, Then he was beside me, his warm arms hugging me close. Im sorry that I didnt tell you that. I thought that you would be scared if you knew.
Im already scared, I muttered. But now, Im angry at everyone.
Of course you do. Your father came back to take you away, and youre mad at me. Im so sorry Kiko, He placed his hand on my forehead, when suddenly, he jerked back.
Youre burning! I shouldnt have woken you up. He said, panic rising in his voice.
I blushed, pretending that I didnt see him inside the bathroom. Does my father know that Im here?
He shook his head. No, theyre still looking for you outside, but I hid you here so you could rest. After all, you hate your father, right?
I used to hate you, I groaned, and buried my face on the soft, cotton pillow. But now, I dont.
Thats good, He hugged me tight and pain stabbed my stomach.
Ah, I groaned. He released me.
Your injury, youre not completely healed yet, He said.
I turned around so Im facing him. His grey eyes stared at me thoughtfully, making me redder. Last night, I saw you flying up in the air and swinging some sword in your hand. I gulped. Did you get another new Weapon, just to save me?
He arched his eyebrows in surprise. No. That wasnt a Weapon, it was your sword, your katana. He jabbed his finger and I followed his gaze to where he was pointing. The sword was resting on top of the cabinet, wrapped with red cloth. I remembered that I lost it in the snow, when I was pinned to the ground. 
When I saw you being pinned by those demons, I knew I have to get a Weapon. And then to my surprise, your sword came to me when I threw my hand across the sky, so it became my substitute Weapon for a while, since you were in critical danger.
I thought Soul Reapers cant kill demons without chosen Weapons? I asked, my hair covering half of my face.
He nodded solemnly. I thought so too, but your sword cuts through demons, as if it has been act to do. He scratched his head in frustration. That sword isnt ordinary, its been blessed.
Whats that? 
It means that a former Soul Reaper has transferred his, or her powers to an object, and as a result, he or she, will lose his, or her powers forever. There was determination in his eyes, causing me to remember what mother said about being strong. Did she mean that she?
Mom is a Soul reaper, I gasped, my eyes widened, looking at the katana on the cabinet. My hands squeezed my face, trying to remember all those little details, but none of them came out. She transferred her powers to that sword. When I was six years old, she told me that it will save me from any danger, so theres a possibility that she knew I was a Weapon from the start. I looked at Scar, but there was only guilt in his eyes. He bit his lips and looked at the sword, thinking deeply about it.
I think so. I dont know, Kiko. You have to find that on your own. Im sorry. He said. I blocked my eyes with my hand, breathing heavily. How did I ended up to be a Weapon? 
Tell me about you, Scar. My left eye was visible when I moved my hand to block my face. He looked stiff, frozen and his mouth in a straight line. From the start, I didnt know him very much, and yet he kept so many secrets to himself. He squeezed his lips together. I pressed him. Come on, you never said anything about yourself. I thought Im going to get stronger when our bonds have become close?
His eyes reflected the window pane, and lowered his head, pushing his damped hair up with his hand. Alright. Im going to tell you how I ended up in here, My mind snapped awake; ears already clear, ready for him to speak. 
I came from the Underworld. Soul Reapers were created by the King, Hades, in order to rule the kingdom with peace and orderly. And then, there were the Soul Reapers that he adopted on his ownone was Frey and the others were thirty, or maybe fifty, trained under his lessons. But, there was one rule that we cannot disobey, a game that Hades created. When the candidates reach sixteen, they must set out to the human world to find their Weapons. It took me almost a year though, and he was enraged. He gave me two months to find my Weapon, or else I will be strictly banned from my rank. He paused and continued. Some of them didnt find it on time, leaving the half of us still going. But then, he created another rule when we reach seventeen, and that was to exterminate demon souls and collect ten thousand of them in the jar he gave us. 6 months, he said, whoever reaches the mark will be crowned as the next prince of the Underworld. At that time, there were twenty of us left, and now were on our own, collecting demons and maybe some of them sabotaging other reapers hard work, taking over their prey. Frey is one of them, she fights dirty, but I dont.
Scar looked pained as if he had released so much information to a stranger. Hades is too cruel. He trained all his adoptive children under his care, and hed just ban them, as if they were useless things. Meeting Scar wasnt coincidence, it was fate. When I thought of the others that were out of the game, I imagined Scar striving to pressure himself in catching demon souls. So how many months are there left?
Four months, and so far, I have collected only ten demon souls. He said blankly. Oh right, he cant collect demon souls without a Weapon.
Why does Hades wanted a heir for the throne? Doesnt he have kids or something? I asked.
The depths of his eyes turned into shadows; his pupils turned grey and more whites had appeared on the shades of his eyeball. He does. One in fact. Unfortunately, he thinks that his son was a useless brat to become the next heir, so he make things easier to plan the game.
You said that Frey is your sister, does that mean the other Soul Reapers are also your brothers and sisters? 
Yes, He sighed and ran his hand through his hair. The sight of his black cape coat and his scarred mask caught my attention. Do all reapers wear masks and long black coat?
No, He laughed quickly, the smile on his lips vanished. We all have our own style. Humans are too interesting to me, so I think that wearing black makes them scared.
I giggled. The idea of him was stupid, but even though he picked it randomly, it was a great choice for him. Scar, the guy wearing a black coat and a scarred mask. That name ran inside my ears. Tell me, is Scar your real name? I asked, batting my eyelashes.
He whispered. No. That was the nickname my brothers gave me.
Well, I think it suited you better, I cheered him up a little, though something Im curious know his real name. He said that he isnt human, but he can pass through walls, unnoticed by a human person. How is that even possible?
Before I could opened my mouth, suddenly, someone barged inside the room, slamming the door, sending goose bumps all over my skin. Scar was immediately front of me, blocking my sight, his back facing me. I peeked through the gap as my eyes widened. My father was panting heavily, his right arm on the door. He was wearing a formal tuxedo, but I noticed that he wasnt surprise to see me, instead there was something, like the way his eyes looked scared as if someone is chasing him.
Kiko! Thank god, I knew you were here. He quickly walked toward me, sweat dripping through his forehead. Scar didnt move, and I noticed that my father couldnt see him either. Scar looked at me with dangerous eyes and nodded. 
Ill leave you two alone for now. But Ill keep a close watch. He said, before he vanished from my sight.
Father reached out his hand and grabbed my wrist painfully, ignoring my beaten up condition. Lets go, we dont have much time!
Ouch, let go of me! I yelled angrily. But he didnt stop and painfully yanked me out from the bed, dragging me as he ran through the hallway. Will you tell me what is going on!?
Theyre here. We dont have much time, we have to
Without looking, we crashed down the stair case, bumping and bouncing on top each other until we landed on the ground. Streaks of pain jolted every part I had hit during the fall. 
My father got up painfully, his hand still on my wrist. I noticed that there was a thin line of blood trailing down from his forehead, the lens of his glasses were cracked from the fall. Quick. Kiko!
Im too dizzy, weak and aching to speak so I just let him dragged me to the back of the kitchen. The house was painfully silent as if there was no one in it. Where is everyone? The kitchen was empty; the maids rooms were empty too. What is going on?
We ran through the back door, and to my surprise, my father sent a high kick, slamming the door open. Cold air blasted around my face, but before I had time to think, he pulled me as we dashed through the dark backyard. I had a hard time catching up, with my lungs burning and my head pounding heavily from the fall. And then, my mind turned awake as the sound of gunshots rang in the air. 
Chapter 9




Crows screeched passed us; the garden spirits popped their heads out from the bushes, shivering in fear. Gunshots? I looked over to my father who was panting heavily, dragging me quickly through the thick set of bushes. Theyre after him, I thought. His enemies. For once, I had to compliment my father. He had been able to think of a plan to escape at the backyard, where no one will see us. Our enemies arrived at the front door, kicking and smashing everything, shooting bullets in the air. My sword! I thought of the katana lying on top of the cabinets, but something inside me stirred, as if I could sense where it was. Its not there, its somewhere safe with a Soul Reaper.
Who are they, and why are they after us! I yelled as I jerked my hand back. We stopped midway in the hidden garage where the SUV was parked. Thick sets of black trees covered us, along with the snow burying the plants and the garden tools.
No time to explain, my dear. We need to hurry or theyll  
More gunshots exploded in the air, hurting my ears. My father and I ducked, just in time, the bullets flew above our heads, hitting the trees and the bushes. I breathed, but the chilly air was hurting my nose. When I looked up to my father, he was already squeezing both hands on his head as if he was trying to crack something in his mind.
No, cant happeningsomethingyesI know.yes. He sputtered, like a crazy mad scientist.
Anger flared inside of me. He couldnt be enjoying this. Why is he laughing? Hatehatehate. To my amazement, I slapped him hard in the face, causing him to drop on the floor with a loud thump. My hands hurt a lot, but I felt good for hitting him. He sat upright on the snow, pressing a hard on his bruised cheek, eyes wide.  
Spit it out. Those are your enemies, right? Why do you always keep me involved with your stupid worthless job!? I screamed at him. He blinked at me, his mouth slightly open, light flickering the side of his face. 
No, Kiko. Thats not it, He said slowly as he got up, brushing the snow out from his kimono. You need to be safe somewhere.
Safe from what! I yelled, my hands on my hips, my foot tapping furiously. 
Them. The Soul reapers, When he said it, it was like everything was stuck in place. All the fear inside me vanished for an instant. What are you taking about?
Replacing his answer, he quickly pulled my hand, not forcefully, and dropped something on my palm, closing it gently with his cold fingers. His eyes were black and grey, like the determination I saw in Scars. It left me speechless. All your answers will be here. Now go, it wont be safe for you to stay in this house any longer.
What do you mean!? I yelled, but my voice was drowned by the gunshots, ringing all over the place. Trees and bushes crashed on the ground; the window glass shattered, showering glass everywhere. The garden spirits came out from all of their hiding places, putting everything back with small pressure.
From the sounds of parading footsteps and the series of gunshots, my father had no choice but to push me forward, nearly tripping me in front of an old withered bush. The barks and branches scratched me in the process, and when I landed, it was in Kens arms.
My head snapped at him, my voice couldnt hide my surprise. Ken! 
He didnt smile back in return, instead he was looking past me, where the maids were trying to help my father across the series of bushes blocking their way. I looked past his shoulder, stifling a gasp when I saw a black SUV behind him, the car door held open. So he really did plan everything. 
Trees crashed behind the house, breaking the roof in half. The maids screamed as they ran over to this direction, helping my father up. I heard several footsteps with guns tucked under their arms. Theyre coming closer.
Kiko! My father yelled, breaking my reverie. He looked at me with serious eyes, his glasses no longer with him. Go, now!
But My inner conscience was feeling all weak again, the anger replaced by fear. 
GO!
Ken obediently clamped both his hands on my shoulder, as he tried to shove me gently into the car. I struggled, turning back to stop him, and then
Be safe, my dear. I love you no matter what happens.
Everything came in slow motion, tears flooded my eyes as I stretched my hand over me, reaching for him. But as Im being shoved to the car, I saw tears dropped from my fathers cheek. He looked at methe same look when he wished me good luck. Behind him the maids protected my father from behind, bullets exploding through every direction. And then everything stopped, and continued as I landed on the soft cushion.
The door slammed in front of me, locking in place as Ken sat on the drivers seat, pressing the key into the engine. The car roared to life, but with desperation calling inside me, I pounded the glass as I screamed and yelled for my father to come back.
No, NO! I screamed, wailing furiously, pounding the window. It didnt budge. My heart felt like it had been squeezed outand even though I hated him from the start, those words he said to meit was like I could feel how desperate he wanted me to become safe. For the first time, Im six years old again---for the first time in history, he said that he loved me, as a daughter. Tears flooded from my eyes, dripping from my cheeks as I screamed and pounded the glass window. It was useless though, as the sight of them turned into smaller objects. 
Daddy! Daddy! I screamed and pushed my head on the glass, leaning and sobbing helplessly. 
From the side mirrors, Ken lowered his head in shame, guilt, or maybe sadness. He didnt said a word and drove silently; a tiny drop shimmered from his right cheek. 
Through the blurry windows, I peeked at the last sight of my father. Horror rose in my bile. My father got shot along with the maids. His eyes were close, a tiny smile curving on his lips like a gentle angel, while blood pooled from the hole on his heart, staining the snow red. The maids were lying on the ground, eyes open, and some of them frozen in different angles. No, this cant be happening. Red spots were blocking my vision. The sky was now turning crimson, mixing with the snows thick chunk of ice. No. I continued to pound my fists at the window, hoping that I could break it, but it didnt, it only left me pain through my shoulders.
DADDY!! I screamed through my lungs and slumped down the window; all the energy drained from me. Im sorry, everyone. I sobbed.
Ken frowned, tears sliding down his cheeks as the SUV sped up to its fastest. The background became blurry, passing so many streets just by sitting in a car. I didnt want to think of everyone, or anything, but their horrible faces. Anger flushed inside me along with guilt, tragedy and wrath. I wanted to kill them. I wanted to kill everyone who had destroyed my loved ones.
I thought of how horrible I was, when I left my father buried in the snow. All those consumed hatred vanished at once. Why did he keep everything to himself?
Your father loved you very much, but he cant express it with feelings.
Remembering the item he gave me, I opened my palm to see what it was. My mouth escaped an amused gasp. The oval ruby necklace dangled from my fingers.
This will answer everything, he said.
How does a jewelry answer everything? But never mind. I tucked the jewelry inside my pockets as I figured out what was next. The tears didnt stop, making it hard for me to breathe. Ken broke the silence with an urgent voice.
Kiko, duck!
Dazzled and before I could answer, I looked behind the rear mirror. There was a black car following us as it stride toward the streets. Through the blurry windows, there was a man in a black hat, wearing black reflective sunglasses inside the car, following us. Beside him was another man, half of his body out, holding a riffle, concentrating on aiming us. With every hatred boiling inside me, I slammed the door open as Ken jerked into a sudden halt. 
Ken shouted angrily behind me. Kiko, what are you doing!?
I didnt answer him, but felt myself getting stronger from my hatred. The car unexpectedly halts too, while the man lose the gun, accidentally dropping it on the streets.
The guy with the black hat and black sunglasses, jerked out from the black car, the other man following behind him. But there was more. Several cars skidded to a stop, men bursting out from their cars, holding a gun pointed at me. 20 men or so, I dont remember. Im just focused on the mastermindthe black hat guy 
Who are you people!? What do you want with us!? I yelled, my fists clutching on my sides. 
The man with the sunglasses grinned and tipped his hat. Why its obvious. Were after your father, little girl, but sadly he is dead and so are you.
Big mistake, I said, a pride in my face. He shoved his hands on his pocket and took off his sunglasses. His eyes were the eyes of a half demon and half human. 
And just to my timing, Scar dropped in front of me, two feet standing steadily on the ground. He wore his scarred mask and black cape coat flying behind him. On his hand, he held the katana, its blade beaming in the light. We were in the middle of an empty large field, with no people to watch the scene. Good, and just to my luck.
Scar, I said. He looked at his shoulder, his grey eyes piercing me with a serious stare. 
Scar? The man said it with ridicule. So youre starting to talk all by yourself?
I forgot that he couldnt see Scar, but Im now frozen in place, with twenty men surrounding me, guns aimed at my body. If I made a wrong move, I could be dead in a minute, but if I turned into a Weapon, they wouldnt be able to see me, and somehow I could manage to escape. But there was something that was making me forget. Ken. He was standing outside the SUV, while the guns began clicked in place. 
Dont move! The other man shouted. Ken raised both of his hands in surrender and looked at me, with fear in his eyes. 
Why you brought a little friend. How nice. The man with the hat said in amusement. But too bad, because your friend wont be able to make it.
In a blink of an eye, a bullet shot through Kens leg. My eyes widened in horror as Ken fell on the ground, clutching his bleeding leg, painfully gritting his teeth. Something snapped inside me, blinding my way to see things. Fury took over me as I yelled through the night, the fire coursing through my bones.
My fatherlying dead on the snowmaids pooling on the ground with their own blood. I imagined Reetas dead by nowall those hardworking housekeepers that managed to keep the house cleanI remembered the times when they danced silently in the kitchen, having fun to themselvesI remembered what a horrible child am I, screaming and yelling at my fatherI remembered my mothers words echoing in my mind.
Get stronger and protect the ones you love.
Seeing Kens bleeding leg unleashed the power inside me. Through gritted teeth, white light flashed across my body, shifting into a Weapon. Unfortunately this time, it was sharper and lighter, feeling stronger as ever. 
Without thinking of what I was doing, I zoomed forward with incredible speed, twisting and curving myself as I sliced the men in an arch. Blood gushed out from their abdomens, but before they collapsed on the ground, the chains on my feet connected with each other, tying all the men, dragging their legs and whipped them up in the air. More blood spilled on the white snow, but I didnt care, because Im truly enjoying this.
My sharp curved blade sliced through the heads of the cars, including body parts of the men, as I disappeared and appeared in front of their faces. More bloodmore sound of blood gushingI attacked and attackedI moved when I had to move, and for the finally attack
KIKO STOP! Scar yelled. When I turned around, my human form reclaimed itself, and I kneeled on the ground, with half of my body drenched with bloodhuman blood. He took off his scarred mask and wrapped his arms tightly on mine. But before Scar could say anything, a shadow leaped up from the trees, landing in a graceful twirl. Wind zoomed forward, unleashing what was inside, and then Frey showed up, her amber hair whipping behind her.
What a surprise. I shouldnt have known that shes one of them. Frey said, turning the blade of her sword, shining in the moonlight.
You again Frey! Are you trying to wreck my reputation!? Scar roared angrily. 
She wiggled a naughty finger at her brother. Thats against the rules, brother. You cant kill human souls, and if father knows about this, he might even vanish you from the game.
What is she talking about? I mumbled. Scar didnt say a word, instead he lowered his head until shadows darkened his face.
Oh, Frey burst into a laugh. How ridiculous. You dont even know what you did, you silly girl! She threw her right arm toward the massacre of men in front of me. Look around, see these pitiful humans lying in their own pool of blood. You killed them, in your Weapon form.
NoI scanned my eyes once more at what I did. I didnt noticed that every one of them was dead, including the black hat guy. Blood was everywhere, pooling and staining the roads of the street. Even the cars were broken as if theyd been crushed by a huge hammer. I did this? 
I looked over at Ken. Thankfully, he was lying unconscious on the ground, fainted from the bleeding injury of his leg. If I dont treat it right away, hes going to die. I looked back at Frey, with anger flaring in my eyes, clutching the oval necklace tightly inside my pocket. She smirked in a way I hate, while the object in her hand glowed brightly, changing into a human forma reapers weapon.
The spear I saw when I first met her, turned into a sullen guy with golden eyes and blond hair. He looked the same age as me, with a baby face and a hard set of jaw. He stood beside Frey, taller than five inches; hands hidden on his pocket. Meet my Weapon, Scar. Say hello to Hughes, Frey said. 
Scar looked at her, gritting his teeth, but Im too dazzled, examining Hughes features. For a sixteen year old guy, he sure was tall for his age. I looked back at Ken, feeling guilty for letting his knee bleed. What should I do? Desperation was calling inside me. I dont even know what to do. 
Frey held back her hand in the air, and Hughes transformed into a glowing light, like I used to, and changed into the double spear, glimmering in the moonlight. She grinned wider, her natural beauty replaced by a dangerous killer. Oh, dont worry. Since you broke the rules, Ill have enough time to find out about your true power.
Scar yelled something, but his voice was drowned by the loud tapping of fast heels, running toward me. Frey took a graceful tornado turn, and before she could stab me with the spear, Im ultimately summoned back into Scars hands, transforming into a Death Scythe. The ground smashed in front of usbut Scar was too fasthe dodged and appeared backwardhis boots stepping into the pool of blood. 
Dammit, Frey! Scar hissed, his eyes were dangerous in the light. With my new form, I could see the amazing view from up here, like I had gotten taller. Frey and Scar were like tiny dolls, and I could see the pale blue clouds forming into grey, with snow pouring in an endless sprinkle.
Whats not to have a little fun, big brother, after all Im the one who sabotages our siblings progress, right? Freys amber hair flickered like torches, lighting each of the way with a red light. She spun her double-edged spear, and pointed it toward his heart, analyzing how she will do it.
You always get in the way, so why dont you go after them, instead of me? He said, anger rising from his voice.
Cant do that, She steadied her spear and stabbed it on the ground. You have a Legendary Weapon in your hands, and I want to test it out from myself.
Legendary Weapon? Whats she talking about? 
My thoughts were broken when Frey appeared in front of Scarhe immediately blocked the attack, using my weapon handle. My arm hurt, as if it had been sliced from its sockets. 
When I looked up, Hughes was standing in the Weapon world. He frowned with a serious face and reached out his hand, then closed his fist. 
Kiko!
I shook my head, my attention brought back to the battle. Scar missed Freys attacks, flickering out of the way, like blinking lights, while Frey copied him. My eyes hurt, because both of them were so fast. The spear hit my blade, and Im enduring the pain, except for the bruises appearing on my skin. 
Frey leaped up in the air and vanished. Scar acted just in time to block her swing, when she appeared from behind, laughing and swung again, this time faster than before.
What an amazing Weapon! Im so jealous brother! She shrieked, and waved her spear midair. Scar lifted the handle and turned, so the spears blade hit the curve of the handle.
SHUT UP! He roared, and kicked her stomach with a crunch. Frey flipped backward in a straight line, and dug her feet to slow the impact. Blood dripped down her forehead, while she twirled the spear in her right hand like a baton.
Kiko, Hughes said, breaking my thoughts. I looked up to him and he reached out his hand, asking me to take it. Our eyes met, scanning his thoughts, and suddenly, images of red zoomed past my mind like a roller coaster. I saw spots of blood dripping from a knifescreams and yells from a hollow boy trying to strugglethen flashing lights of an operating room. The images hit me like a breeze, and as soon as it stopped, my head plopped down, feeling the crack on my skull. I screamed from the pain, and again Im being lifted in the air, while an invisible hand punched my jaw.
I cranked one eye open to see Scar, breathing heavily, with his jaw swollen and his stomach aching. It must be Freys spear, judging from the short blood dripping at the end of its tip. Hughes was deceiving me. But what does those images mean? From the small amount of detail that I remembered, it brought shivers down to my spine. It was a part of Hughes life. A memory. A past.
Damn you, Frey! Scar got up, and spit blood on the snow.
 It was good to fight you again, brother. Alter this game had started two years ago. Frey twirled the spear, and licked the tip of its blade. 
Scar didnt respond, except for the loud, heavy breathing of his. Frey danced, swaying her hips as if she was stripping in a bar, twirling Hughes in her hands. Hey, Kiko. Dont be afraid to show your big sister some spice kicking action. You were awesome when you slashed all those humans like disgusting insects. Now I know that you are suited to be the queen of the Underworld. 
I didnt know if I should be serious talking to her, or what, but she seemed to be enjoying teasing me. Youre crazy. That was all I blurted.
Hey, hey, did you know-- Her eyes gleamed excitedly in the darkness. that Weapons used be to humans that were experimented by Soul Reapers?
My heart throbbed; everything inside my body stopped working. Those imagesblood, screaming, flashing lights. Are those true?
Im afraid to look at Scar, but when our eyes met, it was like he was simply agreeing with her. Mom was a Soul Reaper, but I was not. Weapons are experimented by Soul Reapers. Did mom used me as a guinea pig? 
All your answers lie here.
Are they hiding something from me? Did they treat me, like what they did to Hughes?
I almost threw up, feeling the acid coming through my throat, but to my surprise, Hughes soothed his hand on my back with gentle strokes. He smiled weakly.
 My memories are different, but I dont know if yours are the same as mine. He said, for the first time, his voice was light and deep.
I
Scar tumbled backwards, crashing on the cars roof, gripping me tight. Frey twisted her spear, and stabbed it on a piece of snow blocking her path. The snow melted under the blade; her eyes mischievous in the pale sky. You need to learn about your history, girl. Well, bye-bye. Dont forget, Scar, Im going to report this to father.
She vanished, leaving us isolated in the field of dead people. When I transformed into my human form, the sudden cold made me shiver. I wrapped both arms around myself, when Scar placed his thick, leather jacket on my shoulders.
Are you okay? He asked. I shook my head. I dont know what was real, or not. The first time I saw Scar, was just an imagination, but then, I became involved with the Soul Reapers secrets. 
I nearly gagged as the sharp scent of blood went up to my nose, and sensing my alarming situation, Scar cupped the mask on my face, engulfing me with the light smell of sweat and roses. Someone coughed from behind. Ken!
I rushed to him, heart drumming in my chest, and kneeled in front of him. He groaned, eyes still closed, and placed his hand on his bleeding leg, buried by the snow. Oh, Ken. I squeezed his hands, and soothed my clean hand on his chin, hoping that someone could heal him. Scar was behind me, blankly staring at Ken. 
Even if I had killed so many people, there was only one wish that I havejust one. To save my step-brothermy best friend, and my only family left. 
 Please. I dont want to lose you Ken. I gritted my teeth.
A green light glowed steadily beside me, followed by several bright colors blinking in the air. Small amounts of dust twisted around, growing bigger, and bigger until it molded into a shape that was once familiar with me. Sun, and she had brought several garden spirits with her. Sun moved forward, and mumbled something that I dont understand.
She was trying to convince the garden spirits to help me. They cheerfully settled themselves on the snow, forming a circle around us. Sun, and the garden spirits closed their eyes in concentration, chiming sounds and singing in a melody tune. Scar watched them form a spiritual ritual, just like before. Their stems lightened up glowing, like Christmas lights. It was so beautiful, with all the sparkling tiny glows rising from their bodies, it erased all the pain from my head.
The spirits were healing Ken. Green and yellow lights flickered across Kens face, highlighting his jaw and eye shadows. Tiny pollens rose from Kens leg, trying to seal the bullet hole and sewing his skin shut. The injury healed all by itself, and when it was done, Ken breathed heavily and fell into a deep sleep. I smiled and placed his bloody hand on his chest. The glowing light disappeared and the garden spirits danced in delight.
Amazing. Scar panted behind me. I ignored him, couldnt hide the large smile on my face, and grinned at the garden spiritsespecially Sun.
Thank you, all of you for saving Kens life. I said. They cheered and laughed, thumbs up in front of my face. One by one, they started to disappear, waving goodbye at me. They opened their mouths and spoke to one another, while together they said in my head.
No, thank you for taking care of the garden.
Dust rose from the sky, disappearing in the wind. I stood, dazzled with dried tears streaked on my face. Sun waved, and vanished into a puff of dust, swaying across the breeze. It blew my hair forward, and I wrapped myself to keep the jacket from being blown. Quietly, we stood in the middle of the road, watching the pollen dust across the neighborhood.
Chapter 10




We were sitting on the roof of an old, 7th story building. I didnt know how I even got up here, but I knew that Scar carried me here, when he climbed the stairs. Ken was safely tucked under the bed of an ambulance that crossed the street, after we left 5 minutes ago. I watched as the white nurses strolled his bed toward the ambulance. Police cars were parked on the sides of the road, while officers surveyed the massacre area. I will never be atoned for my sins. I thought that Soul Reapers were supposed to help people, but it wasnt always the same. I couldnt look back, or it will haunt me forever in my dreams. I hoped that theyll discover the culprit soonor maybe not.
Scar hugged me tightly and I leaned on his shoulders, sobbing, while the wind breezed our hair back. I took off the scarred mask he had attached to my face, and examined it. I wondered who made this mask, especially the single scar across the bridge of the nose. 
Scar, I muttered. He looked at me and tangled his fingers with mine. The bruise, and the aching pain from my body disappeared. It felt so strange, that I had grown weaker every time I thought of the red images appearing from my mind.
Kiko, He breathed and nuzzled his nose on my neck. The odd familiarity of his scent made me feel comfortable, somehow. I squeezed the black coat jacket wrapped around me, and scanned the small cuts from my right arm when father pushed me on that bush.
What did Frey mean, about me being a Legendary Weapon? I asked. He took a sharp intake of breath, the snow storm coming toward our direction. 
Its a rare Weapon that comes once in every hundred years. A very powerful Weapon that can kill human souls, as well as demon souls. He said. I had no place to return to. My home was destroyed, stained by the dead corpses of my only family that was left behind. Theres nowhere to go. I pushed my knees up and stifled a sob, my voice strangled. 
Am I really a Weapon? He patted my back and hugged me tight, our heads touching each other.
I dont know. I cant answer that, Kiko. 
What she saidis it true? I peeked at his face. In order to become a Weapon, they must be experimented first?
He took a deep breath, running his hands through his hair. I dont think all of them were true, but yes, your parents must be involved in it somehow.
My parents I looked down at the oval necklace in my palm and closed it.
 Its all connected, somehow. I dont know, but I have to find out, sooner or later. 
Well find it, He confirmed and closed his eyes. 
 Dont you ever feel cold?
Not much, no. We dont feel anything if its only caused by the weather. He said dully, leaning his head across my lap. He looked angelic with his eyes close, so sweet like an innocent boy. 
Thats sad, I muttered. Tears skimmed across my eyes, plenty of them dropped on Scars face. He opened his eyes and cradled my face with his hand. Cold, but his fingertips were warm underneath.
Cry, Kiko. Let your pain out. Its misery that keeps you dead inside. He muttered. I nodded and squeezed my lips to keep myself from crying.
He sat upright, and cupped my face with both hands. No matter how difficult or stubborn you are, even if you are a Weapon or a human, I dont care. Im here to protect you no matter what happens. I nodded and he continued. Ill be on your side as long as you live. And if you die well still be together in eternity.
When Im about to reply, he pressed his lips to mine. Sparks of heat and heaven gave my soul a little boost. The way his lips taste sweet, and his breath warm under the cold, sparked my senses. I touched his forehead, and kissed him back, skimming my fingers on his smooth cheek. For the first time, no matter how many times we fight, I really know that were a match from heaven. The masked guy. The dark reaper.
Forever, I closed my eyes, ignoring the moonlight shining above me.

Im standing on the creek, the water creeping from the tiny rocks blocking the stream. Birds chirped as they flew past the trees beside me. There was a waterfalls on my right, and to my left, were dark trees without leaves, and a scary path that looked like a graveyard. Where am I? Definitely this is not one of my dreams about meeting mother, but something else. I hopped on the nearest rock, balancing myself, and moved to the next rock until I reached the other side. There was a cave behind the waterfalls, and carefully, I trailed my fingers across the rough walls, and slipped inside.
It was dark when I reached the opening hole of the cave. I couldnt even tell if Ill be back alive. I slid my hands on the cave walls, skimming, until I touched something slimy and wet. Whats this? The slimy thing expanded to a large handle, sticking out from the dark. I touched it and pulled it down. Suddenly, white light burst through the square shaped door, blinding my eyes. 
Hands appeared from the white light, groping, until it grabbed my shirt, reeling me in. I screamed and thrashed, my hands clawing the ground as more hands tugged me harder, away from the waterfalls. With every strength I had, I kicked furiously, trying to hit something, but it didnt budge, as the hands began to drag me below.
Help! I yelled. HELP ME!
It was no use until the hole vanished and everything turned dark.

When I opened my eyes, everything around me was burning. A circlet of fire was spread across me, the heat making my skin sting. I backed away from the fire, but it kept coming to me, trying to burn me alive. I shrieked, and continued to retreat until my back touched a wall. 
There was a large beast behind the jail bars, two red eyes peeking in the dark, nose burning red. The fire had eaten my leg, burning my jeans and spreading through my arms, feeling the sizzling of my flesh melting. I tried to grope for something, but the flames engulfed me in a split second. 
Scar! I screamed, SCAR!  

And then Im in a different room again. I panted hard, terribly sweating from top to bottom. I patted my skin, my cheeks and my legs. To my relief, Im still in one piece, but not burned. The jeans on my legs were still intact, no dirt stained on it. What just happened? I clamped a hand on my forehead, just as an insane laugh escaped my mouth. 
I laughed until my voice was no longer heard. It felt so good. What is wrong with me?
Father. 
My head whisked to my right. There were dark walls looming around me. Torches lined up the walls, with expensive, modern-style ornaments that glittered in the light. Thin chandeliers hang steadily on both sides. Humanoid shadows appeared on the floor, a girl, and a boy. I pressed my back on the wall, hoping that I wouldnt be discovered.
Dont. Just dont Frey. I had enough of you. My heart leaped up to my throat as I recognized that familiar voice. Its Scar. 
Oh, Really. Well, everyone already had enough of me, so get used to it. Freys demanding, and childish voice echoed the corridors.
Shut up, will you? Scar sighed. 
When the coast was clear, I peered on the gap between the wall and the open space. No one was there. I tiptoed until I reached the center of the room, and gasped.
Im standing in a white, circular pavilion-shaped ceiling, filled with sparkling, golden ornaments that hung upside down the high ceilings. No windows, only yellow and silver lights shimmering, like jewels in the sky. The floor was made of red glass, and I could see my reflection in it. It merely looked like a palace than a simple mansion, with luxurious decorations.
Look, Frey said.
My heart stopped as I dived under a coffee table, taking small careful peeks. Thankfully, she wasnt pointing at me, though I couldnt see her very well. Frey was somewhere in the other intersections, still talking to Scar. I got out from the coffee table, and followed to where their voices were headed. I leaned against wall, and saw the shadows looming on the floor. With the use of the glass floor, I was able to see Frey and Scars reflection. Freys amber burning hair flickered. She was wearing her black clothes, her back facing me. Scar was slightly slouched, both hands jammed on his pockets.
I wanted to hear what they were talking about, but before I could move, a loud booming voice sent chills down my spine. I see, my children are back.
Father! Frey cheered, clapping her hands delightfully. 
I pressed my back on the wall. Father? Im about to see their father for the first time! 
Father, I heard Scar shuffled, his voice low.
My eyes were trailed on the glass floor, but they werent there. They must had move forward. I reached the end of the wall, and nervously peered through the gap. A large chandelier, filled with jewelries that normal humans couldnt find, was dangled upside down, like diamonds. Its beautiful, like spotlights in a concert. Below the chandelier, lay a giant golden throne, sprinkled with jewelries, and sitting on it, was a tall, handsome man with clean shaved beard, and gel black hair. He didnt have pupils, making his whole eyeball white. I looked closely. No, he had pupils, which were pure light gray, visible to humans eye. Silver and gold chains hung his neck. Lean, and muscular, like Scar. Black long sleeves and tight pants. So it was really him. Hades. 
You have something to tell me, Frey? He said, his voice booming, as if the whole world was coming down.
Oh, Father yes! Well lets see, where to start. Frey leaped and giggled like a crazy little kid. The king ignored her behavior with the same gloomy face that Scar had.
Scar rolled his eyes. He was getting irritated already. The King interrupted without waiting for Freys response. Ive heard that you discovered a Legendary Weapon. He knotted his fingers in front of him. Is that true?
Scar squeezed his lips, and gazed down the glassy, marble floor. Frey took over, and squeaked. Yes, Father! Shes really strong too.
Does she now? Well, I think I want to see her myself. Im quite curious, you know that, my son, but Ill give you a trial. He smirked and chuckled lightly. I could see fear and anger buried in Scars eyes, not trusting his fathers word.
By my orders, since you cannot reveal your Weapon, as Frey speaks highly of, I shall spare you. Since I gave you a chance to find your own Weapon, and surprisingly, a Legendary Weapon, I will permit you to disregard your game for today. But, Scar bites his lip. You will take as many chances to kill demon souls and human souls as possible to evolve that Weapon into its ultimate form, or else
Ooohhh! Frey whistled, and tapped her foot, but Scar wasnt pay too much attention on her, instead the father and son were giving each other a serious look. So the King had been interested in me after all, like Frey had said.
Scar, as the contestant for this hard battleship, and as your father and king, I cannot fulfill your next step as the Prince of the underworld, if you cannot complete the ultimate trial that Im going to give you. He boomed, his voice sending shockwaves across the walls. Prince!?
The king had one son, but since he considered it useless, he created the game so anyone could take the throne.
That prince he is taking about. Its him!
 If you dont complete the deal, your failure shall ban your full existence from the Soul Reaper world. In other less, you will be no longer my son, nor the heir to this godly throne. No. He cant. I couldnt keep the voice in my mind down. 
Frey didnt seem to be in her cheerful self, instead she frowned, like the King had just grounded her. She gazed back at Scar, then back to her father. Scars eyes were trained on the ground, his right arm tucked on his pocket, while his left arm was out, clenching and unclenching. Hes thinking about it. 
You cant be serious father! Do you mean that the game will be disband? Frey said, her hands on her hips.
No, the game will still continue, however if Scar has not been able to complete his deal before the game ends, then he will be banned from the Soul Reaper world.
Scar gritted his teeth and painfully closed his eyes. What would Scar do now? Then everything was spinning, melting. Is this some kind of illusion again? The chandeliers were disappearing, the glass floornow replaced by a pitch black hole. Everything was breaking down to pieces, even Scar and Frey were no longer recognizable. 
I reached out my hand and yelled, hoping that somehow I could be saved

My eyes jerked open. When I sat up, my right hand was attached on my forehead, though there was no sweat. I jerked my head sideways, as I clutched the piece of cloth Im wearing. Hospital gown? I shifted out from the bed, feeling my legs wobbly. I slammed the window pane open, and cold air blasted inside the room.
Where is Scar? My eyes searched for him, but I couldnt see anything, except for tall buildings and cars racing the road like tiny ants. 
How did I even get in here? Last time we were on the roof, and then I fell asleep after that.
I closed the window with a loud slam, and scanned the white room, scented with disinfectants. It awfully reminded me of those disgusting hospital rooms a long time ago. I searched my belongings. Nothing. My clothes were gone, and now Im wearing a white gown, with a bandage wrapped on my wrist, and a tiny one on my right cheek. When I turned around, I froze.
Ken was sleeping beside my bed that leaned against the wall. No injury on his leg, or body. He looked perfectly angelic, stable and unharmed. But where was Scar?
I dug my hand on the pocket of my gown, slightly nervous. Thankfully, the oval necklace was still there. I needed to get out of this hospital, find Scar, and made sure that he didnt do his fathers deal. Red images passed through my head like a blur. There was a bloody scalpel on the white-tiled floor. The wailing of a baby coated in blood, and then a scream. Several people in white mask handling the baby, while the others dragging a screaming woman by the door, struggling. 
Shakily, I slapped my hand on my forehead, letting those images go away. I looked down at my trembling hands, and in a blur, they were suddenly stained with blood. Horrified, I stifled a scream, then my hands were clean again, no trace of blood anywhere. What is happening to me?
Kiko? Ken sleepily opened his eyes, searching for my hand on the bed.
Ken! I turned back, and pretended that I was alright, but behind me my hands couldnt stop trembling in fear.
Are you alright? Where are you? He said, squinting his eyes, while his left hand searching for his glasses. I paused, wiping my tears and smiled weakly.
Im here, I sat at the edge of the bed, beside him. When he put on his glasses, he yawned and soothed his hand on my palm.
Where are we? He asked.
The hospital, dont worry theyre all dead. I said. Because I killed them. Those people wont be able to hurt us anymore.
God, He said, touching his hand on his forehead. They killed all of them, even Uncle Kurosawadad. When he said it, his eyes were teary, and dug out a handkerchief from his pocket, wiping his glasses.
Yeah, I said weakly.
He embraced me with his right arm on my shoulder. Im sorry, Kiko. Im such a weak guy. I couldnt even protect them.
No. Its not your fault. 
The police came a while ago. One of them was surprised to see you in bed, not me. He said, his voice tight. They said, Im the only one they found at the massacre. Turns out, the villains were going to capture you, and then boom, they were already dead, except us. His fingers squeezed tightly. There were no traces of injuries found in my body. Said it was a miracle that I did not get hurt. When they asked me what happened, I said I cannot remember. Well, thats the truth, I dont remember every single detail, including you.
The garden spirits had brainwashed him. That was good, that way he wouldnt be able to remember that I killed them, along with the bullet on his right leg. Though his leg was healed, just like mine. 
Im so stupid, He stifled a silent laugh, and pulled something from his pocket. I forgot. Uncle gave me something before he diedI think you really need to learn the truth about him.
My heart pounded when I saw a pink envelope on his hand. A letter? He tipped the envelope with two fingers and handed to me. The truth. My fingers were itching in curiosity. Everything I asked, lies inside this letter.
I slowly opened the envelope, carefully slipping the paper up, and saw the first two words. To Kiko. From your Father.
My heart was crushed like a waterfall. Ken watched me closely as I unfolded three, long papers handwritten by his favorite Cross pen. 

Dear Kiko,	

I dont know how to properly tell you this, because as my daughter, you blamed me for not being there when your mother died, and Im truly sorry about it. Your mother told me once that I couldnt express my feelings, except for writing, She was correct. But Ill tell you something, my dear. I love you no matter what, and deep inside my heart, you will be always my little girl. Forgive me, and I hope that youll understand me as your life will undergo changes. 
Your mother was a Soul Reaper. She was banned from the underworld, and adopted by a poor Japanese family. 
She used to have powers, and a Weapon year ago, but unfortunately, it was killed by demons.
The life of a Soul Reaper was extremely dangerous, especially now, when she had a human baby, and a human husband, so she hid her powers to become a normal person, hoping that the other Soul Reapers wouldnt be able to notice her.
Getting involved with humans were illegal, under the rules of the King, or what she called, Hades.
I married her, even I knew how dangerous it was, but love was what made us complete and safe from evil.
Unfortunately, it didnt last long.
When you were nearly a year-old baby, Soul Reapers that called themselves, the Scientists, barged inside our home. Since they knew Im a Medium, or spiritualists, they locked me in my own room, while they captured Izumi outside, screaming. I was helpless. I couldnt do anything to stop them. They got ahold of you and strapped you in a white long table as they brought out their tools for torture. The leader, who was wearing a white hat and a mask, with a red painted scar on the bridge of the nose, lectured your mother about breaking the rules. As a result, they would make you a Weapon.
They tore your skin, dissected and experimented on you, using different kinds of torture tools I had never seen before. I was crying so horribly, peering at the doorknob with wet tears on my eyes. Your mother, Izumi, was screaming and struggling from the Scientists, but it was no use, they were too strong. Blood was everywhere. Your beautiful skin was torn to scars and cuts, and then you went limp. You died as a baby. 
It was like there was a deep scar torn from my heart. My beautiful baby girl, dead. I couldnt forgive myself. It was like Id fallen into the depths of Hell. Why couldnt I protect my family? I was ready for everything. I was ready to sacrifice my life for Izumi and you. But I had done nothing to save you both. You were both lost to me, as if you were toys for the Soul Reapers.  
After they had been satisfied at the sight of you dead, they had left us, leaving your mutilated body on the table spattered with blood. Your mother was the first one to free me from my room. After she had destroyed the door, we hugged each other, holding your gore body on our arms. Horrible, horrible. Soul Reapers. They are monsters. You had only just began to live in this world, and in a single blink, you were dead. 
Then she looked at me, anger in her eyes, and said that she will have her revenge. I was going to stop her from what she was going to do, but she had already summoned her powers, transferring half on you, resurrecting you alive. Her body weakened, knowing that she wouldnt live for another 10 years. I had no choice, it was already done. All of it was the God of Deaths fault.
Your mother was guilty, she was terribly guilty of what she did and blamed herself for doing reckless things. I dont. I was grateful that you were half alive, but half your soul was dead. A half ghost and human. Your mother never wanted to call you, what they call a Weapon of Soul Reapers. But she knew that someday, a Soul Reaper will search for you, and involved you with their world. 
Thats why Weapons were deceased humans, created as slaves for the Soul Reapers.
It took 6 years when your mothers body had finally weakened from her power. One day, she died when I was at work. The police were chasing us at that time, so I knew I couldnt make it. Finally, after a week, I got home, tired and eager to see your mothers last face, and stopped as I saw you blocking my path, crying. Hatred was already flaring across your eyes, and I regretted that I missed your mothers funeral. I didnt had the chance to explain everything, because someday you will understand why Im doing this, so I left you in that state. My little girl, now, hated me for rest of her life.
After that, your mother visited me in my dreams. We were talking at her garden. Your mother had forgiven me, telling me that there was still a way to save you. One night, I met her at the gazebo in my dreams, and she told me that there was a cure to make you fully human. I had to find it because she risked it for your sake. You were the only child I had, and being a Weapon wouldnt make you safe. So I kept my distance to your relationship, even though it was hard for me. 
Three years have passed since Id left home. I only come back thrice a year to check on your condition, but sadly you were getting worse every time I see you. You were always glaring at me, with the same burning eyes I saw you standing at the front door. It was the price of my carelessness. You longed for a familys love, and I never gave you that. Im such a pathetic father. 
Every time I see you grow, you turned out to be a beautiful girl just like your mother. It was hard to keep my job, and find the cure, but Im still trying. 
I searched the whole world with my gang, trying to find something that would lead us to clues about some incidents of Weapons. I had sent a large sum of money on your bank account every month, hoping that you would be pampered with money for a while. But I was always wrong when I made these poor decisions. Your mother was the best person I can talk to. She would correct my mistakes and smoothly handle everything like a true mother, but with her gone, I didnt know what to do anymore.
And then I missed your mothers 35th birthday. I got trapped inside the airport, trying to escape some policemen, when I discovered a confused Soul Reaper, leaning beside the walls. He quickly pointed me the exit, but I never got the chance to ask what was bothering him. Two days later, you were in grave danger, so I hurried home. Then suddenly you attacked me, leaving me in the snow while I crawled my way home. The briefcase I brought were full of important notes and documents that would help you trace the marked areas for the cure, While you were dressing up, I immediately searched all of your mothers things and found the necklace she forgot to tell me, holding the sacred key for unlocking your future. And thenI got a miss call.
It was from the Soul Reaper, the one who turned you to a Weapon. She told me that she got a whole army of men waiting outside the mansion, ready to pick you up, so immediately I rushed to get you out of the house. When I barge into your room, the Soul reaper that saved me from the airport 3 days ago, was standing in front of you. I pretended that he didnt exist and dragged you downstairs. He signaled the backyard exit as our escape plan. That was when I realized that your mother was right. He was the one. Now all my strength lies with him, wishing that he also might save you from the curse. 
Forgive me, Kiko. Forgive me for being a useless pathetic father. I know that its for your own sake, but even in my last breath, I cant still say it to you. I love you, Kiko. Im sorry. I hope that the Black Reaper can take care of you now, while Im gone. The briefcase is hidden inside one of my top secret cabinets upstairs. Use your mothers necklace to unlock it.
It will lead you to your cure.

Jern.
Chapter 11




I couldnt sleep that night. Ken was beside me, patting and soothing my back until my cries had stopped. It took forever to get ahold of myself, not after Fathers words were buried in my head. The last words he said in the last letter, was that he met Scar. I needed to know what Father said to him, after all, Scar knew something about the cure. My eyes were burning, tears dried my cheek. Thankfully, Ken fell asleep beside me, after hours of hugging and calming me to let the pain out. 
For the first time, I realized that being a Weapon of the Soul Reapers was a curse, which was why Scar never explained it properly to me. Because if I got to know the truth, I wouldnt be able to accept him as my Master. 
Weapons of the Gods are just slaves to the Soul Reapers.
I dont believe it is true, but now, I think it is. I remembered the horrible dream of seeing the King of the Underworld, and Scar thinking deeply about the trials. Will he pursue it? 
Father never mentioned that Im a Legendary Weapon, but they all knew: Frey, Scar and Hughes. Maybe that was why all of it was connected together. My father knew so much about the Soul Reaper world, and he completely hid it from me, same with mom. That was why he was so overprotective. He knew I would be in danger, knowing that the Soul Reapers were trying to get their hands on me. 
Dad, I choked a sob and buried my face against the soft pillows. It was very dark, and thankfully, it had stopped snowing. I missed everyone, especially Reeta and the other house maids. And now, I only got Ken by my side. With Scar gone, I didnt even know if I could trust him anymore.
I was beginning to close my eyes when I heard a loud tap on the window. I jerked upright and looked at the direction, where the sound was coming from. Blond hair swayed brightly in the dim night. Golden eyes blinked back against the darkness. Relief washed over me. Hughes.
He crouched in cat position outside the window, positioning his hand to tap again. Without question, I shifted out from the bed as I silently unlocked the window. He hopped and squatted beside me, frowning. What are you doing here, Hughes? I asked quietly, hoping that I wouldnt wake Ken up. 
I envy you, Those were the words he blurted out.
What are you talking about? Are you lost or something? I said.
I came here because I envy you. I watched all the nights you spend with your master. He loved you very much, almost treating you like one of his kind. He said dully, and scrambled to his feet, tapping his rubber shoes on the carpet floor, then scanned.
My master never treats me like a human being. Im just a Weapon to her, a tool, and youyouve been with him shorter than Ive been with Soul Reapers. He shifted his gaze back at me, his expression bored.  But, He stopped and looked at me, his honey-colored eyes twinkling in the moonlight. Do you think that his love is true? Soul Reapers dont love their Weapons. They are just faking it, because its in their law. I know because Frey is bad at faking things, but its up to you to believe. And if you do, you are stupid.
Then he hopped on the window pane, squatting like he was going to jump. He jerked his head at my direction. Careful, Kiko. Weve been hurt so much, and I hope that you will understand that too.
He vanished into the air, leaving the curtains blowing in the breeze. I froze, taking what he said to me.
Just in timing, Scar popped behind me, black jacket flapping. 
Scar, I said.
Kiko, He said and started to wrap his arms around me. But I angrily slapped his hands away and took a step backward. Whats wrong, Kiko? He said, his eyebrows arched. 
Sit, I scooted at the edge of the bed and patted a small space for him to sit. After what Hughes had said, a spark of anger rose inside me.
For the past few days. You were gone and I ended up in the hospital without knowing what happened to you. I said, my voice tight. And then, I read my fathers letter, I shoved the letter in his hands. His eyes widened and scanned the paper. I watched him as his face changed turned to serious, shock, and teary. 
After he had finished reading, I grabbed the letter and placed it behind my pillow. He took a deep breath, and carefully nodded at me. We met at the airport a few days ago. I didnt know when, but I was standing behind the waiting station of the U.S airport, smoking when a man came to me, carrying a briefcase. He was nervously panicking as if someone was trailing him from behind, and asked me where the exit was. I pointed the safest fire exit, though I was shocked, because no one could see me, unless he was a Medium. After he exited the airport, losing several police men behind him, we again, met at the taxi station, then he thanked me for saving him and left.
What about the cure? You know something about it, right? I asked, my tone impatient. He laid down on the bed, stretching his arms, and clamped a hand on his face.
He laughed quietly, while I waited for him to release some information, but unfortunately, he didnt. He looked at me with defeated eyes. Sorry, Kiko. I cant tell you about the cure, or else they will kill me.
No. I want it! I yelled. He smirked ridiculously. 
There is no cure for Weapons, Im sorry, but your parents dont know that there is no chance for a Weapon to turn back to normal. He said, shadow looming over his face. Weapons are humans that have been killed, because of the rebelled act of their parents, He shook his head. They are not human, also not dead. Just in the middle, like spirits. Even if you mother transferred half of her powers to you, Im afraid the other part is irreversible. You will continue to live in that form forever.
No! I screamed and stood up from the bed. I cant be a Weapon forever! Those Soul Reapers wanted me. Im a person, and Im not a thing! I have a heart, you know! He bit his lip and sighed. I said. So you were deceiving me, all this timeI saw you, and Frey, and your father talking inside this amazing palace. I heard him say all those things to you. Youre the Prince of the Underworld, and if you dont turn me in my Ultimate State by killing demons and humans, you will banned from history.
Hughes words echoed in my head. Their love is just fake.
You dont love me from the start, you were just faking it. Tears slipped from my. Weapons gets stronger if the bond of a master, and Weapon stables a powerful relationship. Youre just trying to get me in love with you, because its the only way for you to become prince.
He was speechless as if my words pierced his heart in half, and stood up, so he was taller than me. 
Its true, His words came out from his own lips. I was just faking it. I never loved you from the start. It was just a play to get me to become prince.
No. This cant be true. I kept telling myself that this was not real.
I need to win this, Kiko. Sadness in his eyes. Soul Reapers cant love. Love is not an act. It is just a disguise. It has no use for us who are already dead and immortal. Soul Reapers only maintain their relationship to get stronger, but the main reason we do is, for power, not love.
Everything crumbled inside me. All this timewhywhy
All those times togetherthe demon fightingthe trainingthe healingthe rescue. So Hughes was right. There was no happy ending for us. We are just slaves to them. The main reason we do is, for power, no love. I envy you, Kiko. A choking sound escaped my mouthand in a blink of an eyemy hand interconnected with his cheek. He collapsed on the ground from the sudden surprise, and painfully blinked back; his cheek swollen from the impact. The hatred and the anger burst out from my body like dynamite.
Im through, Scar. I had enough, so please, just go away. I bit my lip, choking from the tears slipping down my eyes. My body shook, and I steadied myself to keep in place. Soul Reapers are horrible people. You are nothing, but a bunch of demons. I should have died back then, instead of being saved and turned into a slave for power. You people have no heart to begin with!
 He lowered his face, and touched the swollen part on his cheek. Wordlessly, Scar moved to the window, while my fist shook. He slipped the window open, looking past his shoulder. Im sorry, Kiko. and leaped in the air, disappearing through the wind.
The windows tightly shut together, leaving the room in silence as I sobbed, and squeezed my eyes with my hands. Right now, I wanted to remove Scar in my head. The painthe truththe lovewas incredibly shocking, causing my anger to vibrate inside my head.
Thankfully Ken stayed asleep, because he was a heavy sleeper, so I dropped my knees on the ground and wailed loudly. I hate this world. I hate the underworld, and everything that was created for torture!
There is no true love, only fake ones exist. 
I am stupid. No one would be able to accept me because Im a Weapon, and Weapons were slaves to Soul Reapers. They are cursed humans that were the result of a rebelled act against the law. I couldnt blame my parents, because they risked so much for me to keep going. No, Im not going to waste anything. I stood up, and forced myself to stop crying. Crying doesnt help anything, but hatred does. Im not going to abandon what my parents had done to me. I will not waste my life mourning to Scar. I fist my hands. Stronger, than before.

Cherry blossom petals loomed across us, dancing and swaying in the wind. The sky was red orange, like the sunset. Cherry blossom trees stood on my right, branches buried by beautiful pink petals. 
The sound of leaves rustling, flute and birds chirping made me relax. Im wearing a pink and orange kimono with fans. Why am I wearing a kimono? 
My mother showed up, wearing a colorful, rose-patterned kimono with her hair done in neat braid strands. 
Mom, 
Kiko, you look lovely. She said, smiling. She gestured us to the fountain beside the trees. Come, lets sit.
Obediently, I followed her and we sat in silence. I didnt know where to start.  To my right, she was staring at the cherry blossom flowers, showering us with petals. Her green emerald eyes sparked when she smiled, appreciating the flowers and opened her palm, where a single cherry blossom petal dropped.
Its beautiful, isnt it? She said, gazing down at the petal. 
 Yes, they are. I nodded.
Do you know why I named you, Kiko? She looked at me, happiness spreading her face. Because I know that Chrysanthemum flowers bring luck to people and heal the sick. She closed her palm. You are a very precious Chrysanthemum flower, a rare one that can save other people. And Im sure it goes well with you.
Kiku, or Kiko in Japanese means Chrysanthemum, and Kurosawa, our surname means dark moon. I wondered how that all fitted to be me.
Mom, I gulped and squeezed both my hands on my lap. Father told me everything about the whole family history.
Her faint smile turned to a frown, as tears began to form from her eyes. She wiped them, sniffing and smiling weakly. Im sorry, my dear. I hope that you wont have a grudge on us.
No mom. Its alright. I understand but now, dad is... I choked, tears brimming my eyes. Hes dead.
She took a deep breath and stared at the sky again, her lips a thin line. Was she thinking about father? I know. Hes somewhere far away, but Im sure well all going to meet someday.
He was brave, I whispered. She nodded and embraced me, nuzzling my head. 
Yes, he was, She released me, and stared deeply into my eyes, as if she wanted to tell me something. Now you know everything, I guess its not going to be hard to tell you the whole story. She sat back, and straightened her back, resting both hands on her lap.
It was a long time ago, after I was kicked out from the Underworld at age eighteen, I have nowhere else to go, so I went to the real world to survive.
Why were you kicked out? I asked.
The King no longer desires me as his daughter. I was kicked out, because he thinks Im useless girl, but here I am, living in the center of the dreams. She continued. One day, when I was on the streets, looking for something to eat, a Japanese old woman took me in. Thick white hair down to her shoulders, scary frown, and squinted eyes. The first thing she said when I was lying down on the corners was. Soul Reaper, lunch is ready. Come, if you want to fill your empty stomach and never live in this miserable place again. She knew I was Soul Reaper because she was a medium. She knew I had been banned from the Underworld, and yet, she forcefully dragged me to her home as if I was a lost kitten.
I laughed a bit, no wonder mom never told me anything about my grandmother. Maybe she was still alive somewhere.
When I got home, there were plentiful of banned Soul Reapers that welcomed me gladly as a sibling of the family. I began to have new friends, and whats more fun was Granny. She treated us, like we were her children, but later on, we learned that her husband was also a Soul Reaper, who died giving half of his powers to their only son, Lenoir. He was a Weapon, and different from the others. He couldnt hear any of us, nor recognize his mother. What he did, was only stare, and watched everything around him. But he never spoke, not one word to his mother, or to us.
And so it begun when Granny chose us each suitor, for us to be hidden by the law of the Soul Reapers. I was chosen to be Jerns bride, while my other siblings went on their own. We had to hide because living in Earth was illegal. Your father was the son of one of the most powerful mafia families in the world, an untouchable family that the Scientists, Soul Reapers who punished anyone who defied the law, couldnt enter without force. However, I was fooled.
Why? I asked.
She took a deep breath. After I was married to your father, I had a friend. She was young, same as my age. We met when she accidentally dropped her apples on my garden. She had a thick set of inkjet, black hair, and pale, gray eyes that almost looked white. I helped her pick her apples down by the bushes. She laughed and apologized, while I told her that it was no big deal. Then, she asked me why I live alone in a huge house. I told her I was married, and she laughed, telling me that she will visit next time. After a few days, she came by to our house and we joked around. I learned that she was attending college near the neighborhood, and had to be away from her parents so she can pursue her doctors degree.
I never had college, so we talked about her school. Days had past, and we had become best friends. One time, she met Jern. She apologized and greeted him, leaving in a hurry, because she was so embarrassed. I thought that was normal, but I didnt thought that she was confirming our location.
When I got pregnant, she congratulated me. And on the day you were born, she held you in her arms and cuddled you. I was really happy, because for the first time I had a real friend. But it was not what I thought. 
After a year, she had gone to another country for her internship exams. Before she left, she told me the only thing that I couldnt forget. Wait for me, because Ill come back, and then I can visit little Kiko, again. My heart stopped a beat. It was like I knew something bad was going to happen. It did, just a few months as I feared. I thought I was safe from them, I thought I could live a normal and avoid the Scientists from finding me. I thought that we can live as whole again, but I was stupid to fall under her trap.
I was coming home from the grocery, shopping, when I heard a crash inside the house. Your father was taking care of you, so I knew that he would be defenseless. As I feared, I saw the Scientists, dressed in surgeon outfits. Some of them had arrested me before I moved. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her, my only friend, the leader of the whole thing. She kicked Jern, and I thrashed, but they held me back, while she tossed and locked Jern in his bedroom.
She ignored me, while she set you on the white table, and opened her bag full of tools. Horrible, it was horrible. I cant tell you how guilty I am for being a fool, and let her torture you. After you were dead, she turned to me and said, Its nice meeting you, and goodbye for your precious baby. Then they disappeared.
There was a tear dripping from my cheek. I know I had to transfer half my powers to you, in order to keep you alive, but if I did, you will never live a normal life again. Your father and I decided it was time to resurrect half of you. From time to time, my body weakened, but you were alive and healthy again. This must be how Granny went through that horrible process, resulting her husband dead, and Lenoir, a very special kid.
That night, I couldnt sleep, so to ease my boredom I checked the Soul Reaper book that I brought back from Grannys. I flipped the pages, and a word caught my attention. It was Weapon. It was a devils book, if you asked me, reading through it was like searching for Hell. The Scientists kill the Reapers offspring or human mates, leaving them with no skin and blood organs.
She patted my hand and squeezed it tightly. Im really stupid, arent I?
I shook my head. No youre not. You cant blame yourself from everything.
She wiped the tears from her eyes. Yeah, I guess so.
Whats the name of your best friend? 
She darkened. Mary.
Chapter 12




Mothers words still echoed inside my head after I had slept through the night. Who is Mary? 
Her one and only best friend, betrayed, and used her to get what she wanted. How could they be so cruel? I wanted find her and see what else she had gotten under her sleeve.
Im so glad youre okay. Were so worried about you and the huge massacre incident. Ginger said beside me. It had been a long time since I stopped going to school. The hospital approved that I should spend some time with my friends, so Ginger decided to have a makeover at the nearest parlor down town. So here we are, sitting inside the parlor, the smell of shampoo and hair gel filling my nose. Gingers long black hair had been cut short; her nails polished green. Lena just finished her karate lessons from her previous school, so back at the hospital, she invited me to have a girl time when she heard about my sudden disappearance at school.
Im really sorry about your dad and your housekeepers, Kiko. Lena clamped a hand on my shoulder, her red hair cut into a straight bob.
 Yeah, I lowered my head in disappointment.
I felt guilty letting Ken wait outside the parlor, while the stylists cut my hair inside. Ken had become overprotective since the massacre incident, so now he acted like he was my body guard. I couldnt blame him. Outside, he was still the cheerful Ken, but inside, sadness was swarming his chest, like me. Last night, he didnt cry. He promised me that he was going to protect me, after my father had entrusted my care to him. 
 Who will take care of you now? Ginger asked me, chewing a gum. 
 I dont really want to talk about it right now. I shrugged.
Oh, Her cheeks reddened, regretting that she asked me.
I looked at the transparent windows of the parlor that showed the blue sky, and several people wearing coats, walking by the streets. Thankfully, it had stopped snowing, and while the stylists were busy cutting their customers hair, I checked Ken. He stood outside the parlor, guarding the area, with his lean back facing us. From time to time, I saw some of his outline features when he was facing side view. His blue eyes looked light, compared to the pale surroundings, making him handsome. Somehow, it reminded me about Scar. Slender fingers; Black hair; pale gray eyes. But I pushed that aside. Im supposed to have fun with my friends, not Scar.
Hes handsome, you know. Ginger whispered. I snapped from my reverie. Her eyes were fixed on Ken, and she turned back at me, batting her long eyelashes. Dont you think so?
II guess so. I blushed. Lena elbowed me lightly on the stomach and whistled. 
You have been spending much time with this handsome guy, and you dont think he is charming? Lena said with admiration in her voice.
Hes my friend, thats all. I said.
Just a friend! You cant be kidding, with that gorgeous looks, hes a winning trophy for us girls. Ginger shrieked, calling everyones attention on us. Lena waved her hand, dismissing to continue the conversation with embarrassment.
Well, hes just Ken to me. I said, and Lena and Ginger sighed, defeated. 
Yeah, right. Lena smiled.
Ginger leaned forward, close to my ear. The police are everywhere, Kiko. They are now investigating our school and maybe theyre coming for you, so you better be ready, girl. 
I shook my head. I dont want answers. I just want to forget everything.
Before Ginger could opened her mouth, a pale woman with dyed red hair and dark makeup gestured us to the empty seats. Ladies, sorry to keep you waiting. Youre all next in line.

My stiff, burnt hair, now smooth, was beautifully trimmed like any stylist would want to boast. A tiny streak of gold highlighted the strands of my hair. I skimmed my hair with my cold fingers, and the feeling was like soothing a piece of fabric. We exited the salon, and Ken approached us, his eyebrows shot up when he saw my new hair.
Hey, lover boy. Ginger greeted him with a flirty tone. 
Girls, you look beautiful today. He complimented, smiling wildly with his cheeks blotched red.
I hope you didnt wait too long for us. Lena said with a kind approach. Ken waved a hand, and tucked the glasses on his nose.
No, I dont mind, ladies. Im just glad you enjoyed yourselves. He said.
Alright Kiko, if you need any problems you can call us. Ginger said in hyper mode.
Your parents might be gone but were still here for you, okay? Lena said.
My parents. It clicked the memories back in my head. I remembered how my parents sacrificed everythingdads bloody face when he got shotmoms crying face when she told me everything. My parents, I didnt know that they risked so much for me, and yet, for the past years Id been acting like a brat. If dad was still alive, I would treated him better, waited for him at dinner, and talked about school. But no, all these years, I had despised him because he left mom. Im a horrible daughter.
I didnt noticed that a tear slipped from my right eye. My friends froze in panic. I wanted to stop, but I couldnt stop the choking sounds from my throat. 
Kiko, were sorry. Lena said quickly, her voice in panic mode. Ken immediately wrapped his arms around me, my head buried on his shoulder, my hand gripping his back. It hurts, I felt like Ive lost so much. I wailed loudly, tasting the salty tears on my tongue. Ken patted my back.
Lena and Ginger were standing in front of us, watching Ken treating me like a child, calming me down. He smelled nice, the perfume he wore didnt smell dark or light, just right. Even if he smelled different, I still remembered the familiar scent of Scar, but the thought of him ached my heart.
People turned their heads as they passed us, the sound of clattering boots and swinging bags echoing in my ears. I missed Scar, everyone, and my parents, a lot.
I heard Ken breathing through the icy air as our skin touched. I missed this, and Scars features: Black tousled hair, skinny fingers running through his hair, mouth squeezed when he bit a cigarette, and his pale eyes that looked like a fairytale. Reality smashed me, Scar was gone, and he wouldnt come back, ever again. Ken was the only one I got left. Maybe Ken was the perfect guy for me. Handsome, kind and sweetunlike Scar. 
 Hey, were so sorry Kiko. Ginger said, her voice tight and weak. Lena nodded quietly beside her, and I waved a hand to dismiss what happened. I looked like a real mess, my eyes were sore from crying and my throat was dry as a sandpaper.
Dont worry. Its not your fault. Just awful memories. I said, forcing myself to be cheerful again. The scarf that Ken wrapped on my neck was heating up, smelling fresh laundry soap. We sat inside the spacious inside of the SUV, with Ken silently driving on the front, focused on the road. Ginger and Lena were seated beside each other. I squeezed my hands together, warming my palms and patted them on my cheeks.
Looks like our girly day was ruined. Lena sighed. Colorful houses passed the windows like a blur. It made me think of my home pretty badly.
 Not really, it was me who messed up pretty badly. I said.
Ginger pointed out a finger behind me. Immediately, Lena and I turned to where she pointed. Thousands of people crowded outside the hospital I was attending. I squinted my eyes and noticed several cameras dangling from peoples shoulders. Paparazzi?
No, they cant be. They must had known that I was the one who murdered them. Painfully, I gulped and stabbed all those memories away from my head, panicking. What should I do?
The hospital is brimming with paparazzi Kiko. Ken said, his eyes trained on the road. We need to ignore them as soon as possible, because youre still not in good shape.
I was about to open my mouth when Ginger groaned with enthusiasm. She clenched her knuckles, pride in her eyes. Hes right! We need to get you safely to your room as quickly as we can.
But how will you do that? I asked.
Lena and I will distract them, while Ken will accompany you to your room. She said confidently. 
Yeah, Lena added. These people are just ruining our day.
I smiled ridiculously at these girls. What will I do without them? Lena and Ginger were different people, and Im glad that they werent involved with my worldthe Soul Reaper World.
Alright, ladies were here. Ken said, rotating the wheel. We stopped at the entrance, and in a flash, the paparazzi crowded the front door of the car, squeezing their microphones on the windows. I took a deep breath and pushed the door open. 
Heavy clamorous sounds burst my eardrums, making my mind dizzy. Flashes of cameras were blinding my eyes. Behind me, I felt a hand on my arm. Journalists blocked my path, while they shoved their microphones at my face. I looked over my shoulder, and saw Ginger and Lena throwing their hands on the sides to block the paparazzi. Lena gave me a tiny wink, before we entered the entrance of the hospital.
Nurses and doctors rushed to shut the heavy oak doors behind us. I heard one nurse cursed and pulled the blinds down. They told us to be careful as we went our way to the elevator, barging in, even though, they didnt know that Im the paparazzis target. No one seemed to bother us, so we moved on.
Once we got inside the elevator, Ken pushed the close button. The elevator walls were full of mirrors, showing all four sides of myself standing beside Ken. This reminded me of the hallway of mirrors at school, especially the kidnapping. I tightly clutched the scarf wrapped around my neck. Nothing was going to happen to us. I just hoped that Ginger and Lena were alright back outside.

Ken and I watched news together at my hospital room together. Ken was dressed in a plain blue t-shirt and trousers. Even with the simple attractive postures and kind attitude, Ken was still my friend. Only, a friend. The room was dark, because we turned the lights off to enjoy the bright screen of the television. I sat on the bed, my hair untangled, creating curves against my shoulders. Below me, Ken was leaning against the bed post, his eyes fixed on the screen. Ken took off his glasses, and tiredly rubbed his eyes.
The room was now quiet. No paparazzi, just me and Ken. And then the headlines popped on the screen.
Jern Kurosawa dead with housekeepers, along with 21 terrorists in Greenfield. 
Acid rose up to my throat. 
After the massacre at the Greenfield Florida last Wednesday, the culprit still remained to be missing. The police had found the only survivor of the whole tragedy. Jern Kurosawas one and only daughter was believe to be missing after several days, but one person reported that she was confined at Florida Medical Hospital. Tonight, we will found out the rest of the details when we come back, stay tuned.
The screen turned off, and a loud knock came from the door. Without answering, the door was opened by a white nurse, holding a clipboard, while two men dressed in brown trench coats came in, unwelcomed.
Police. 
Here you are, Sir. The nurse said. My hands turned to fists, clutching the white sheets on the bed. The police wearing white-framed glasses nodded, and the nurse closed the door, leaving us in silence. Ken was already on his feet, bare under the white tiles, and carefully eyed them.
Who are you people? Ken barked.
The man tucked his glasses up with his two fingers, while his partner, a wimpy boy with ginger hair, who looked more than twenty, stepped forward and nervously looked at me. Then he took out his notebook, flipping the pages, fearing that I might attack him
K-Kiko Kurosawa? He stammered, and peered at his notebook, then back at me again, closing the notebook in his palm. I-Im O-Officer Warren and t-this is Head Chief Ed. Were sorry to interrupt, but we need to ask you s-some q-questions.
What questions? Ken demanded.
Head Chief Ed turned beat red, and snatched the notebook from Officer Warrens hands. Oh, Ill just handle this! Take out your other notebook and write what Im about to say, you hear me, Warren!?
Officer Warren nervously bit his fingers, and clumsily dug out his notebook from his pocket, popping a ball pen from his coat.
Head Chief Ed calmed himself down, and coughed to get our attention. Alright then. Sorry about that. Miss Kiko, we need you to answer our questions, if you dont mind?
Shes not in a good state to answer them yet. Ken said, crossing his arms on his chest.
Head Chief Eds eyes flared and pierced his eyes on me. Im not talking to you, Im asking her.
Me? I said, hiding my trembling hands from behind. No, maybe some other time, Officers.
I know that you have been experiencing some hard stuff, Miss Kiko, but surely, you can give us some answers to our questions. Just a few.
Ken and I made eye contact. I could tell that he was hesitating to kick them out from the room, but if I couldnt provide them the answers, they wouldnt be able to leave us alone.
Alright, I said firmly. Ken sighed, defeated. I looked at the officers with a serious face, and saw Head Chief Eds lips curved into a tiny smile.
Thank you, Miss. He said and elbowed his partner, who nervously dragged out the plastic chairs and placed them in front of the bedpost. I pushed my brown wavy hair back, securing the scarf tightly on my neck. Ken stood near the bed post, his glasses flashing.
Officer Warren positioned his hand on the notebook, and pen in hand, waiting for us to speak.
Question number one, do you remember the night when the massacre happened? Head Chief Ed asked.
Not really. But I remembered that Ken and I escaped the house when my father warned us that there were men coming. I said, without a hint of fear or nervousness. Officer Warren furiously scribbled his notes as if he didnt want to miss a thing on what I said.
Got that, Warren!? Chief Officer Ed barked at his partner, and in return Officer Warren nodded with a nervous tight Yes. Then he looked at me, apologizing. Sorry. Well continue to the next question. Why do you think they were after you?
I dont know. I was sleeping in my room, when suddenly, my father dragged me to the backyard, telling me to escape. I said.
And you think this has any connection with your father? He arched an eyebrow, studying me.
I shrugged and lowered my head. My father and I rarely met. He only comes home thrice a year. Were not even close and we dont even speak with each other. Everything is just so sudden.
He nodded and clasped his fingers together. Your father is a Mafia boss from a secret group of gangsters. Is that right? As a daughter, dont you think theres a connection to this case?
I dont know. We left in a hurry, so I didnt get much of what happened.
Do you remember how you ended up in this hospital, or see everyone got killed?
No, I shake my head. I dont even know that my father died. All I remember is darkness, like I fainted from something.
He nodded, and looked at Ken. Do you remember anything, Sir?
No, Thats all he said.	
Head Chief Ed scrunched his eyebrows. Hmm I see. However as the only two survivors from the massacre, who do you think the culprit is?
If its a massacre, then there must be more than one person who killed those men, maybe an army, or so.
What if theres only one person who did it?
It might be impossible, since one person couldnt fight all of them alone.
I could tell that topic was getting something. I could feel the tension between us, the way his eyes sparked as if it made him curious about my case. He wanted me to keep going.
Last question. Do you plan to take your revenge for your family, Miss Kiko? I read in the reports that your mother died, leaving only house servants to take care of you these years. Do you plan to avenge them?
This was easy to lie. No. My revenge has been completed. Someone did it and Im grateful for it. I have nothing to avenge, because I have my only friend, Ken, that I treasured so much.
 Ah, He clasped his hands together and smiled, nodding, and elbowed his partner again. Officer Waren clumsily dropped the notebook on the floor, and stumbled to get it. However, with Head Chief Ed by his side, he kicked Officer Warrens legs on purpose, crashing on the plastic chairs. Poor Warren.
Head Chief Ed cleared his throat. Thank you, Miss, for taking your time. Come now, Warren, lets go back to the headquarters.
Y-Yeah, Chief. He said goofily, massaging the back of his head, and picked up his notebook. But as he turned to leave, a piece of paper slipped from his notebook, and landed on the floor like a feather. The door closed with a gentle click.
 Are you alright, Kiko? He said, looking at me. Do you need something to eat? I could go downstairs and grab something.
I nodded silently, and without question, he grabbed his thick jacket, and slipped it on. 
Alright, then. Dont go anywhere, lock the door and Ill be back. He said like a parent, and left. I got out from the bed and picked up the tiny paper that slipped from Officer Warens notebook.
I unfolded it with delicate fingers, and read it.
Love is a precious thing. It hurts you, it makes you happy, but still isnt enough. No matter how you try to love someone, you just cant take your out mind to someone else. 
Wow, I muttered. I didnt know that Waren was a good poet. I guessed he got heartbroken toolike Scar. I looked at the window, thinking how I missed him so badly, after he was gone for hours. Warren was right, even if I tried to love someone else, my heart was still the same. Reading this letter made me realized that
Then something caught my eye. My katana. I grabbed it, and soothed the familiar fabric with my fingers. 
I missed you so much! I whispered, and unwrapped the fabric tied on it. The sharp, silver blade shone in the light, shimmering beautifully. I clutched the handle, and practiced swinging it in the air, shadow fighting. I slashed to my right, nearly cutting the curtains.
The fine silver felt right on my hand; light and sharp. Now that the sword was ready, Im going to practice somewhere else. After all, Im getting weaker every time I missed a spare. I slid the window open, disobeying Kens orders, and stood on top of the window pane. It was high up here, and below was a terrifying sight, but good thing Im not afraid of heights. The wind blew stronger to my right, casting my hair backward. 
I looked up to the top, and felt my heart beating against my chest. There were metal bars tied to the other patients window panes, like railings. If I use the metal railings to climb to the top, then I could reach the roof balcony, and practice sword fighting. I bit the blade between my teeth, and stretched my right hand, grabbing the nearest metal bar. Easily, I took off and placed my left foot on the next bar, climbing with easy steps.
I imagined myself rock climbing, except that this was a hospital. Thankfully, my back was facing the rear of the hospital, where the trees were my only audience. I continued, one hand and foot at a time, pulling myself in. It was high up here. Suddenly, the wind blew harder to my left, and I stopped, tightly holding on two metal bars to not lose balance. Then, I saw a baby girl closely looking at the window. I stopped and looked at it. The mother was talking to other relatives, too busy to notice the baby, so the cute little thing crawled, and unlocked the window pane, unknown to her movements. One more step outside the apt of the building, and she will fall to her death. 
No. She would die if I let her succeed.
My mind calculated fast, and I shifted my weight so both of my arms were in level with the baby. With one hand, I tightly gripped on the metal bar, and stretched my other arm to grab the babys tiny hand. She saw me, and extended her little hand, smiling and giggling. I bit harder, tasting the blood on my tongue. Closer, closer
The baby lose her balance, and tumbled on the metal bars below her, crying and wailing.
Thank God, she landed on another railing platform.
But I needed to hurry, because if her body slip from the hole on the railing platform, she would definitely fall to her death. Furious and agitated, I released the sword from my mouth, and stabbed it between two railings to serve as a steady stick. I lowered myself near the baby, one hand gripping the sharp blade that pierced my skin; blood dripping down my arm.
The baby wailed louder, her body slipping from the metal railings. I groaned, my fingers bleeding from the sharp blade, and swung myself in the air, just as the baby fell. I caught the baby by cloth, and heavily pulled her up to the metal bars. Thankfully, the strong breeze vanished, while I squatted on the railing platform, soothing her hair. She stopped crying, giggling. Whew.
I settled the baby back to her room, and quickly shut the window. I waved goodbye to the baby, and pulled myself up to the next railing, her tiny face looking up to me as I go.
My right hand was bleeding. It had a deep line across my fingers, and I unclenched my hands, ignoring the pain. I continued to climb to get to the roof. The sunset had begun to set, and Im finally on the last window, stretching my arms to reach the grid of the roof. I pulled myself up and laid down on the roof platform, breathless. It was fantastic. After a few minutes, I stood at the edge, watching the beautiful, painted colors of the sunset spat to orange, pinks and yellows. Im the first person to reach the top of a hospital. I dropped my katana, and raised it up on the sky, while the strong breeze blew my hair backward.
I swung the sword gracefully in the air, and practiced. When the sunset had turned into a dark shade of grey and blue, a shadow dropped from the sky, pausing on what I was doing. The shadow transformed to three figures, and landed a few distance on the roof. That was when they slowly started to walk toward me.
I positioned the sword, blade shining. Who are you people!?
The figures didnt respond, and continued to walk in silence. White knee-length coats swayed in the air, revealing their close-fitted, black attires. One girl, and two boys. 
Kiko Kurosawa. The girl spoke, her voice was tiny and timid. The three of them stopped at the center of the field. Long black hair up to her waist and
I gasped.
She wore the white mask, with the red scar on the bridge of her nose, identical to the one Scar had. 
What did you do to Scar? I yelled, my hands white-knuckled from the grip. 
She didnt took off the mask, instead she brushed her hair back, where I saw several cuts down to her neck, and collarbone. Her white coat flapped from the wind, exposing three claw marks on her bare knees.
The boys behind her were identical. Twins. They had the same red hair and blue eyes, all black outfits and white lab coats. Somehow the familiarity of those white coats reminded me of somethingsomething that I couldnt forget.
Scar? Oh, please this is not about him, this is about you, Kiko. Sweetheart. She said, her face hidden by the mask. I admitted that you were cute when you were a little baby, but once covered in blood, you will be the prettiest thing in the world, dont you agree?
Fear suddenly pounded my heart, as if there was something familiar about the way she spoke to me. Inkjet black hair; White mask with the scar across the bridge of her nose. White lab coats
Mary is her name. 
Mary is a girl. Could this be?
Who are you people? I muttered, low enough to hide the fear in my voice.
Were not people. Little girl, said the boy. 
We are what banned Reapers feared, The other twin continued. the Scientists, were the ones who made you the Legendary Weapon, Kiko Kurosawa.
Chapter 13




Red flashed my vision. The ear piercing screams of my mother were ringing in my earsthe smell of blood and antisepticthe sight of surgical blades and bloodthe palest gray eyes of a girl.
I accidentally dropped the sword, and it clattered loudly on the ground.
M-Mary. My eyes shook.
She cocked her head, while the twin boys gave me a serious look. Oh, so you know me? Well, thats good so I dont have much explaining to do.
You! I barked, gritting my teeth. I didnt noticed that my right foot turned to long chains as my anger rose up. Youre the one who is behind all of this!
She wagged a naughty finger. Im used to that already. Cant we get straight to the point? I dont care if you hate me or not, I came here for you.
I stepped backward, my eyes fixed on the katana below me. You killed me when I was a baby, and now you are going to reclaim me bac
Precisely, unless you want to find out the truth about yourself and She whispered. the Cure.
My hands turned to fists. She really looked like a demonlike Scar, except that she was a girl. I wanted to break that mask and find out what was beneath her face. But I had to carefully plan a strategy first.
Oh! She laughed, wagging her sharp nails in the air. I forgot to introduce my brothers. She threw her arm on the side, and gestured to the guy in the right. Ellion, And then to her left. Reeme, Then back to her front. Be nice to them.
Mar Ellion began, but she interrupted him.
Do you know why we are here? She asked and answered herself. Because youre the Legendary Weapon that weve been searching for. She slapped a hand on her forehead. Oh, how stupid of me to be so blind that it was you all along!
What are you talking about? My eyes switched on the katana, then back to her, planning the right time to attack.
Im talking about capturing you. Youre the most valuable Weapon that Soul reapers wanted to haveespecially the King. And if I bring you to him, he will reward us greatly. She said.
If you want to talk about capturing me. I took this chance, snatching the sword out from the ground, and pointed the tip of the blade on Ellions neck, who was going to pull out a weapon from his pocket. His blue eyes bore on me. 
Tsk. Tsk. Mary stepped forward, guarded by Reeme. Even if you are the Legendary Weapon, you cant fight us alone. You do not fully have control of your powers.
Oh, I smirked. Well see about that.
My body burst to white light, transforming into a Death sScythe. I grew taller again, and this time, I knew what I was going to do. Ellion bolted forward, slashing and springing from time to time, hitting the blade of my scythe. I turned to half human: my top, part scythe blade, and on bottom were pair of human legs. That way I could fight this half to half. Ellion was good, he ducked when I struck him, but suddenly he hit my blade with double daggers. He tried to aim for my legs, but I lashed my blade to counter his attack. He retreated backward, hopping, and appeared when I turned, only to strike my blade. He was trying to deceive me by hitting useless attacks on my blade, so he could knock out my legs. 
When he swung his fist at me, my legs turned to chains, blade back to human, and my right arm swelled into a curve blade. The chains swiftly tied his legs, trapping him in place. Good, I lunged at him, and nearly struck his heart, when something pulled my blade back, stopping me. Reeme held a string that tied my blade. The string bit my skin. One move, and my arm will be cut off.
You cant fight two on one, Kiko. Youre just one Weapon, and you cant also take it alone without a Master. She said, her arms crossed on her chest, watching me.
Well see. I didnt wait for their turn to move, so I tossed my other chain, and wrapped Reemes legs and arms in an instant. With him distracted I jerked my arm up, biting my lip as his string tore my flesh, splashing blood on the floor. I cut the string using my sharp fingernails. 
Fear shivered through my spine as I saw Ellion bounced back at me. Taking a wrong turn, I got caught up by Reemes string, securing me from behind. In a flash, Ellions dagger was already inches from my throat. Im trapped, if I move, my stomach would be torn apart just like my arm. Mary clapped her hands once, and then twice, while taking slow, wide steps toward me. Ellions deadly eyes were pierced on me. 
See? What did I tell you? You cant win against two. She said, her face nearly inches from mine. The mask was the only thing I saw. Hollow sockets, and a scar on the middle. Ive fought so many Weapons, so I know what they are capable off. You are not different from the rest of them; weak and helpless. They think they can win themselves by fighting other Soul Reapers.
My body gave up and changed back to my human form. The chains vanished from my foot, and blood dripped down from my arm. Weapons are weak. Ive been studying them for my whole life. I even killed them just to get you. No one will come to save you, because you cant even save yourself. Give it up, Kiko, and come back to your lovely killer.
My body shivered. I heard the snap of her fingers, and the next thing I knew, someone kicked my stomach. A slash overlapped my skin, slicing my stomach open. Blood gushed out, blinding my vision. I shrieked. My knees hit the pavement, and I slumped on the ground, my throat sore from screaming. 
Then, Ellion smashed my katana.
No.
Tears flooded my eyes, but my senses started to fade away.
Im sorry Ken
Im sorry Scar.
My eyes closed, and everything was gone.

Hey, wake up, you! Her voice was strict and harsh.
Water splashed my face, icy cold that snapped me awake. I jerked upright, but my arms were held in chains that stuck to the wall. My right arm was numb, limped, and coated with dried blood from the fight earlier. Where am I? My vision cleared for moment, but I only saw was: white ceramic walls that were filled with white lights. A pink petal caught my attention on the ground. A Cherry blossom petal.
Heels tapped against the glass floor. I looked up and saw Mary, still wearing her scarred mask, and white coat. She stood in front of me, while I leaned my back against the wall with my arms tied to chains.
Nice to see you awake, She said, a pleasant satisfaction on her face.
Where am I!? I barked, my voice tight and rough.
Inside my laboratory, of course. Well, thats what humans call it anyway. She shrugged, and turned around. A white chair stood in the middle of the room, and slowly she sat on it, her legs crossed. I saw what you did when you saved that baby, and I should say that climb thingy was inhumanly ingenious.
I hissed. I didnt care how I climbed, or saved that baby. I just wanted to know how to get out of this place. With my right arm still injured, and my stomach bleeding from the cut they gave me, I couldnt escape this place on my own. I gulped. No, its too painful, seeing my precious katana destroyed by Soul Reapers. Feeling good? She asked, her fingers tapping on the armchair. 
No! I snapped.
She chuckled and untangled her legs. Good. Because theres more to see than meets the eye.
In slow motion, she started to wrap her fingers at the edge of the mask, and took it off, letting her hair fall from the other side of her face.  My stomach twisted in a knot.
The mask clattered loudly on the ground. No way. 
She looked just like Scar: Same, mysterious light gray eyes that make you shiver in curiosity, pale skin, and black hair; same height of cheekbones, size of their nose and pale lips.
Theyre twins.
Mary shrieked into a ridiculous laughter, wiping the saliva from her mouth with her right hand. Oh, I love that face! Really good. I knew that my brothers mask would be worth the fun.
It cant be, I muttered loudly. Scar never had a twi
Correction, She interrupted, tossing her black hair back. He never mentioned all of his siblings. Not even me, I guess.
My eyes shook. Im too speechless to think this was all true.
Oh, I know that look, She said, breaking my reverie. To tell you the truth, Scar will never let you hurt me, because Im the only one hes got left.
Yeah right, like I would trust you! I spat. 
You dont believe me? Oh, fine have it your way. She leaped out from her chair, and stomped the heel of her shoes on Scars mask, shattering it into pieces.
Her shadow loomed above me, her coat dangling behind her. She lowered her head, her grey eyes heavily bore on my face. I hated how they looked so similar with the same, identical faces and light gray eyes. All of the sudden it made me weakand hate.
Do you want to see everything? She asked, her voice held into a whisper. When I didnt answered, Marys eyes widened, turning bigger and insane. Do you want to see hell?
Without answering, she tightly tugged my collar up, while the chains painfully dug my skin. Then she pulled harder, splitting the chains in half, and lifted me up, my feet not touching the ground. Terrifying and strong.
Im going to show you how I began with my experiments. Every single one of them is my paradise. She said, deranged, and dragged me, my head sliding on the glass floor, with blood trailing behind me. It will be so fun once you get to see all of them.
What does she mean by them? 
When we exited the white room, and passed through the transparent windows, my eyes widened.
Thousands of human dangled from the ceilings, their feet nearly inches from touching the ground. Blood soaked their bodies, from top to bottom. Their hollow, empty eyes and mouths were wide open, as if they were in agony. They looked like theyve been tortured a lot. There were several bodies lying on the ground, surrounded by crimson blood. Some parts of their bodies were turned into Weapons, blades, and knives. To my right, thousands of dead humans were piled up like a pyramid, their skin turning into bones, and some of them rotting for decades.
Bile rose up my throat. Mary squeezed my collar very tightly, blocking my windpipe.
She looked straight ahead, grinning wildly and walked faster. Dont you think they are wonderful? Why, they are Weapons, just like you. Killed and mutilated, so we can learn more about them.
My hand clenched into a fist as I spat blood on the ground. Disgusting. Those empty hollow eyes still haunted me, and I bit my lip to keep my anger from rising.
We passed several transparent windows, each showing the same thing over and over again, while she muttered how insanely beautiful her creations were. I wanted to get out, but my body betrayed me, so I had no choice but to watch the horrible scenes. It took many hours of endless torture and sightseeing of dead people being experimented by Scientists. My mind was floating when Mary skidded to a stop, squeaking in delight, and released my collar. 
I could see what made her happy. To my right, was another transparent room with Scientists, dressed in white lab coats, scurrying down the tables. My eyes were pierced on the man strapped on a white table, screaming and thrashing. The scientist pulled out a syringe filled with yellow liquid, and pierced it on the mans neck, causing him to berserk, shape-shifting into dozens of weapons forms in a few minutes of time. 
What are they doing to him!? They are torturing him into changing a Weapon they want.
Stop it, no more. I sobbed. Mary burst into a shriek of laughter.
Oh, please. Theres nothing you can do to stop them. She said.
I watched the mans body exploded to tiny fountains of blood, then went limp, with both eyes and mouth open. After the man was dead, two scientists carried him, and threw his body on a hole. To my surprise, the body fell from the ceiling of another room, and fell on top of the pyramid of dead bodies.
I threw up on the floor.
Eww!  Mary said and pulled me to the darkness.
 Why do you kill them? I coughed out blood. My eyes shook in fear. Why!?
Because Weapons are useless creatures. Their masters disposed them when they dont need them anymore. Her eyes shimmered. Also, another reason is you.
What does that have to do with me? I coughed.
If you, the Legendary Weapon didnt came along, then we wouldnt have to experiment them. You were the reason why they suffered all these horrible deaths. Dont you understand? This is all your fault. Blame yourself, and surrender to us, because theres no one going to save you now. Your family is dead. Even my brother betrayed you. We Soul Reapers are nothing but cruel monsters, unlike you humans who are all about love and family, none of those things mattered to us.
You sick
Im not yet finished! She snapped, squeezing my collar tight We Scientists try to solve everything, when it comes to the destruction of our world. The Scientists you saw back at room 101, were trying to see if one of those Weapons can withstand the syrup, if they dont, then they die. The pile of dead bodies were the result of seeking your power, and since they are not the chosen one, they die with the rest of your kind.
I hate you! I screamed. She paused, and gave me a ghost chilling smile. 
Honey, Im used to that sentence already. Get a grip! That was a long time ago. Something different flickered from eyes, as if it was filled with hatred for being someone she didnt really want to be.
Why are you doing this? I muttered. 
She flinched at my question, and darkened. You dont really want to find that out, honey. Just watch and see.
Ellion and Reeme appeared behind me, and tore me from Marys grip, clutching my collar with their strong fists. They grabbed my arms and folded it tightly behind me. I shouted as the sharp pain stroke my right arm.
Take her to the dungeon. Mary turned to her heels, and walked toward the dim hallways; the hem of her coat drenched with my blood.
Mary! I screamed, but the twins took me away. My legs felt weak, my strength fading away. At the glassy hallway, I stopped screaming and looked at my reflection. I didnt even recognized myself. Hideous. My brown hair was sticky and wet, and half of my arm was pink, from the burning flesh. A pool of blood stained my white hospital gown, the portion where they cut my stomach at the hospital roof. 
Lets go. Reeme said beside me.
I nodded weakly, and closed my eyes, allowing them to take me to another world where there was no light.
Chapter 14




The jewel inside my pocket glowed brightly, after Reeme and Ellion had locked me inside a tall metal black cage. The door slammed loudly, leaving no trace of light for me to see, except the light from my pocket. I squeezed both of my hands on my face, smelling foul, dried blood on my right hand. What have I done?
If I wasnt the Legendary Weapon, could I ended up, like those humans back at the laboratory? Tortured, dissected, and punished for something they did not know. Mary was right. Soul Reapers are monsters. 
The oval necklace inside my pocket shook vigorously, sending chills down to my legs. I dug it out.
What is wrong with it? 
Thankfully, Mary and the others didnt notice the necklace was still hidden under my pocket, because my shirt was stained with blood. Now that Scar was gone, along with Ken, and my katana sword, my only chance was to escape and figure out this whole thing, alive. 
The red light continued to glow, and I nearly dropped the necklace when I felt a cold and warm pressure on my palm. At first, my skin felt hot as if it was burning, but when I looked at my bleeding right arm, the destroyed skin was blinking, along with the cut on my stomach. 
The burning sensation turned to mild, then cold, fluttering and waving like the water. Then, the torn skin healed perfectly, recreating the pale skin, until scar closed. The cut across my stomach stitched itself, and then, the red light vanished.
I pulled my gown up to see my stomach perfectly fine, like the way it was back then. The pain vanished, and I felt stronger than before. 
Could this be a healing stone?
One way to find out. Maybe I could slice the bars and escape this place. With the plan confirmed, I shoved the necklace back into my pocket, and focused on turning my left arm into a Scythe blade. Focus, I needed to focusI needed to forget those horrible facesMary and Scars identical faceand the pain and suffering my parents had done to protect me. Hate, hate, hate
My right arm curved into blade, shimmering in the faint light. 
Alright. I held my arm back, ready to strike the bars.
Inhale, exhale.
One.
Two.
Th
The door slammed with a loud jolt, and quickly I transformed my blade back to my human arm, slumping on the floor.
Mary paced with fast steps, the tapping of her heels were like the beat of rhythm. She looked happy, too happy. Behind her, were the twins, holding riffle guns, ready to fire.
She flipped the lights on that were too bright for my eyes. The room was full white, with hanging lights, and a single chair that was placed beside the smooth wall. Im in a plain room, and since it was pitch dark earlier, I thought theyd thrown me in a dungeon.
Glad that youre finally awake, Kiko. Mary said, delighted. When she stood a few inches in front of me, she paused, her eyes trailing on my healed arm. Her face darkened. How did yo
An ear piercing siren that wailed loudly outside the room, broke her sentence. Mary, and the twins alertly scanned the area, their riffles up. Now that Mary was distracted, I used this time to cut the metal bars
I heard a loud crack from Ellions jaw, and in a blur, Ellion crashed on the wall beside me. Reeme was too slow. As he turned to check his brother, another kick sent him flying on the other side. All I saw was a black cape flapping, while a shadow twirled gracefully, and spun a powerful kick on the twins. Black leather boots landed on the white-tiled floor. My eyes widened.
Scar.
Mary slowly backed away, when she faced her twin brother. Scar took off the scarred mask, his face serious and angry, darted toward my direction, his black coat flying behind him. 
Dazzled, I didnt realized that he was panting as if hed come from a long way to find me. What is he doing here? 
Turn into a weapon! He yelled. I snapped awake from my conscience, and changed my right arm into a blade, then I sliced the bars, freeing myself. Scar pulled my hand as he lifted me, out from the cage. I lost my balance and tumbled on his hard chest. 
I buried my face against his arms, his hand gently holding my head. I sobbed. Scar,
He came back for meafter what he said. Warrens note still echoed in my mind. Love. Happiness plopped my mindalong with series of feelings that I couldnt describe, as if I was overjoyed that he came.
Its all right. Its all right, Kiko. He whispered on my ear, his fingers wiping the tears on my eyes.
We turned to Mary, who stiffly froze between the light of the door gap. She was looking at us, with surprise and fear, her gray eyes shook. The difference between them was that Mary wore white coat, while Scar wore black.
Mary, Scar replied, but this time there was anger in his tone. His hands let go of me, and he began to march to his sister. Why would you do this!?
Ha-ha. She said with a faint laughter, taking a step backward. This is my job right? I supposed Father didnt tell you about it, didnt he?
Of course not! He barked, his fist clenching and unclenching. 
While Scar and Mary were having their long sibling fight, I summoned the blade on my right arm, and without thinking, I darted across Mary, anger coursing over my body. Then, it happened so fast, I was nearly inches, before Scar suddenly gripped his fingers on the blade, stopping the tip on touching Marys skin. I gasped. Blood dripped down from his fingers.
He was angry. I saw fire spreading across his gray eyes. Why!? I yelled, then I used all my strength to pull out the curved blade, but as I did, blood splashed in the air, spattering on the ground. He spun back to his position, wiping his bloody hands on his black coat, and stared at me with murderous eyes
Dont you dare lay a finger on my sister, or try to hurt her! He barked. Mary smirked behind him. 
Confusion ran through my head as my right arm turned back to human form. She was the one who killed me, made my life miserable, and tortured me when I was a baby. I gulped. She also tortured those poor Weapons back at the laboratory, so why?
His face tightened. I know that, but that doesnt give you the right to hurt her.
She ruined everyones lives!
Shes my sister, my only family left!
His words jerked my mind awake. She was his only family left. My heart throbbed. 
I raised my hands up in defeat, with a tiny smile on my lips. Alright Scar, you win. Ill let you deal with her, but My eyes flashed. I wont forgive what you did to those innocent humans. Dont forget that, Mary.
She grinned murderously back at me, trying to keep her laughter suppressed. I couldnt blame Scar, he doesnt wanted to lose Mary, just like I didnt want to lose Ken. 
He cant hurt me, because Im the only one he only has left. Her words echoed in my head.
My eyes snapped awake as I immediately ran to stop what Mary meant. In slow motion, I threw my right arm forward, trying to reach Scar as possible, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw Mary digging something sharp from her pocket. When she flipped it, I leaped at Scar, blocking him as my back got stabbed by the blade she threw. I yelled, the knife digging deeper on my skin; my vision turning blurry.
MARY! Scar shrieked, and caught me when I collapse. My eyes felt so heavy; the smell of blood making my senses go dizzy. 
I heard Mary laugh, and pulled out another dagger. Since Mary knew that Scar wont let me hurt her, she could kill him anytime. Soul Reapers dont have a heart. But I wont let her. I roared, long chains soaring up in the air and darted across Mary. The chains wrapped her ankle, along with her arms and neck. A small gleam flashed on her eyes. I was going to reel the chains, when
No dont do it, Kiko! Scar yelled. His gray eyes were forming tears. I had never seen him so afraid of anyone before, so I paused.
You need to get her out of here. Mary said behind me. Something changed her. To my surprise, she was scared. Siblings love. I could tell that she was shaken about her brother, still trying to protect her, and the change of expression suddenly affected herself. The poisons going to kill her if you dont bring her back to the real world.
But Scar started to protest, and Mary put a finger on his lips, her gray eyes fluttering. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ellion exercising his limbs, groaning in pain; a gash of blood slashed on his cheek. My vision tumbled, my body breaking down. I shakily took the knife out of my back, and hissed in pain.
Go, Mary said her final words and looked up the ceiling, imagining there was the sky above. If you dont save her, then she wont be able to avenge her parents.
My heart snapped awake. What is she talking about? Does she real
My thoughts were shattered when Scar carried me up, but before we left, Mary waved her hand and frowned, tears erupting from her eyes. Why is she crying? 
And disappeared in a blink.

We dropped out from the sky, which was a million feet up from here, and I felt the strong gush of wind sending my hair and clothes backward. Scars hair and coat floated behind him, and released me from his arms. My heart went up to my throat. Im falling from the sky, a real live sky, and just in time, I was summoned into Scars hand, transforming into a Death Scythe, before I felt the fear pounding in my chest.
He yelled and twirled me in his hands, safely landing on the ground with two feet. Trees began to swarm around us, and I narrowed my eyes to get a good look to where he was looking at. There were three men at the alleyway of the hospital that I attended, and in timing, wings had already formed around their backs, surrounded by red auras.
Scar dived headfirst from the sky, and beheaded the demon face appearing from the mans body. But that was not all. Scar moved quickly, tumbling, and rolling on the ground as he battled the second demon. The demon rose from its human body, roaring angrily, but Scar had already slashed his head, sending it across the nearest tree. He rotated me in a battle strategy position, and kicked the third demons face with the heel of his boot. The demon blindly clawed Scars leg, scratching him a little. Ignoring the pain, Scar leaped into the air, and swung me in a big arc. Before the demon had time to react, his leg got severed along with his head. Together, the three demons exploded into red gas, and later appeared three, glowing demon souls, floating on the ground. 
Scar stretched his left arm, where he held me and called my name. I recoiled back and landed on the ground beside him, slightly dizzy, while he caught me in an embrace. 
I breathed heavily, the cold air stinging my nose. I could still remember Marys sad gray eyes, and the fact that they were twins. 
 Now that you know everything. I guess I have nothing to hide to you anymore. Scar said and steadied me on the ground, unzipping his black coat and slipping it on my arms. I was a jerk, and arrogant and fool.
Im too weak to respond, so I noddedeven I still wanted to protest about getting captured by his insane sister. Scar trudged to the unconscious men lying on the grass. He kneeled in front of one man wearing a hat, placing his hand on his forehead, while a spot of green light glowed beneath his hand.
Brainwashing them, I guessed. Not after long, he stood up and let his jar sucked the glowing souls floating on the grass. 
So I guess you still want me to continue your fathers deal. I said weakly. He shoved his jar inside his undershirt, and vanished like a sparkle of dust. He lowered his head.
 No. I dont want to continue what my father wanted me to do. Its ridiculous, but Ill find another way. He said, avoiding my eyes.
 Why do you really want to become a prince anyway? I sat on the cold wet grass. 
He met my eyes, and this time it sparkedanger and revenge Thats something I need to explain to you, sooner or later, but right now, I want you to get into your room without getting noticed.
Alright, I said, dazzled. So he doesnt know that I escaped the room, just to spare on the roof. His arms squeezed my shoulders, then he kissed me lightly on the lips. Just a quick one, and let go, wrapping his arms around my stomach as if he was preparing to take off.
I missed you so much, Kiko. It was hard to be far away from you. He said, looking at the sky. But after what you had seen, I dont want He gulped, not mentioning his sisters name. I dont want you to kill my sister.
I nodded weakly, it was useless arguing with him. I knowIll think about it, sometime.
And then with a jolt, he sped up to the air, with my heart already up on my throat. His foot was stuck on the walls, and walked upside down like Spiderman, while holding me.
My love to you wasnt fake. Im sorry I had to say that. He apologized. I know that Soul Reapers are just faking it to maintain their strong bonds with their Weaponsbut, ours is different. I do really love you.
My heart felt like it had been ripped open, spilling out my sorrows in an instant. So he really loved me from the start. Was Scar confused about his feelings? Did he not know that it was love from the beginning? 
Soul Reapers are tools of War, unlike you humans, who are all about love and family. 
But why did Scar chose me, instead of his father? Im still curious about Marys change of attitude. The psychopathic laughthe hungry face that enjoyed torturethen the sad, gray eyes as if something held her back. Controlling her. Thank you, Scar. I love you too. I choked a sob, biting back the tears. 
When we reached my hospital room, Scar passed through the walls with me, like a ghost. My bed was messy, and Kens bag was spilled on the floor. Panic throbbed my head. He must had panicked when I went missing. I needed to call him right away. 
I pulled out the cellphone hidden behind my pillow, and flipped it open. Scar flickered a light on his cigarette, and smoked. My fingers tapped the touch screen, dialing Kens number. I broke Kens promise, and made him worry again. 
Kiko! Ken yelled through the phone, his voice hurt my ears.
Ken! Im inside the room, where are you? I said quickly, and sighed in relief. Scar watched me blankly, leaning against the window, with his hands tucked on his pockets.
I should be asking you the same thing! Dont move, Ill come up there in a minute. And then he hanged up. I tossed my iPhone back at the bed and sat on the soft mattress.
You need to change your clothes, Kiko. Looks like theres a huge blood stained on your stomach. He said, exhaling smoke.
I looked down at my stomach, and he was right. Ken would be furious, or worse, panic. I leaped out of bed, and dashed to the bathroom, finding something to wear. The bathroom door was locked from behind, then after a few seconds, Scar followed behind the door, and stood beside me.
I felt embarrassed, after all Im not used to a boys presence before. Wordlessly, he slipped out his white undershirt, bare naked on top, and handed it to me. My cheeks burst to red. Without a second thought, I grabbed the shirt and turned away from him, hearing my heart bumping on my chest. Im going to change. 
I know, Scar said, slowly turning away, but when he was halfway at the door, I heard him groaned in pain.
I turned around and saw him kneeled on the floor, gritting his teeth, and massaging his leg. Blood trailed down his fingers, and the cuts were deep as if the skirt was torn from the demon claws.
Dont worry about, its just minor cut. He said, trying to stand up, and cursed, when the pain jabbed his leg, causing him to drop his knees on the ground
My fingers skimmed the edges of the three bleeding gashes on his leg. I carefully rolled his black pants up. He sat steadily on the cold tile floor, just as something popped up in my head.
I know, I said and pulled out the dangling, ruby necklace from my pocket. It glimmered beautifully in the light, and slowly I pressed it on Scars pale leg. He watched, breathing heavily as the cold stone touched his skin. 
Watch this, I said, smiling as the ruby necklace started to glow brightly. Red light burst out the jewel, and started to heal the broken, jagged scars across his leg. Scar winced, though there wasnt any pain. The red scars were reconstructed by his pale skin, and after the light vanished, I shoved the necklace back to my pocket. Scar looked surprised. Amazing. Ive never anything like it.
When those twins ripped my skin off, I thought I was over, but then, I closed my fist, pretending that the necklace was still there. this necklace healed me. I lowered my head, and remembered the shattered pieces of my katana. Also, they destroyed my sword.
No, He gaped and scrambled to his feet. I looked at him. His eyes glowed, like the faintest of white. Gently, he cupped my face and pressed his lips passionately across mine. Strokes of warm pleasure erupted from my tongue, tasting the sweet sunflower on his mouth. It was incredible, I kissed him back, wanting to feel his soft lips forever. I felt his right arm skimming my back, up to my neck, and stopped at the back of my head. He kissed me, firmer this time. I wished I could stay like this forever.
The sun rose up, and beamed through the small window beside us, lighting Scars face. Streaks of yellow shone his features, making him look golden. So beautiful and handsome.
We kissed for minutes, or what it seemed for a long time. Then suddenly something crashed outside, breaking our lovely moment. A spinning item flew across the ceiling, and quickly, Scar wrapped his arms around me as we dropped on the ground; shards of glass sprinkling on the floor.
When everything was over, I peeked through the gap of Scars fingers and gasped. My katana sword lay on the ground, its blade shimmering beautifully like it had been carved new. Scars arms loosened around me and I took this chance, stumbling across to get it.
No way! I gasped, grinning. 
I grabbed the new, leather handle of the sword and examined it. Its beautiful! I trailed my hand across the sharp blade, grasping the smooth metal, and turned it around to see a small carved K just below the handle. The sword that was once shattered into a million pieces, was now safely resting on my hands.
Welcome back, my little friend. I stifled a sob. 
Scar joined me, his hand clamped on my shoulder, studying the sword on my hands. He was distracted by the beautiful thing. I thought it was destroyed?
It was. I corrected him. But now its here, perfectly new again buthow?
He leaned on my shoulder. Can I see?
Sure, I passed the sword to him, and he carefully examined it, scanning his eyes around the blades hilt. 
Strange, I have never heard of a Soul Reapers Weapon come back to life, exceptits been cured.
 Cured? How?
He shook his hand and returned it to me. I dont know, its hard stuff, very. Maybe someone knows.
I thought deeply. Likemy dad? And then it hit me. His words echoed in my head.
This will serve as the key. My briefcase is hidden in one of top my cabinets, you can search there.
The mansion! I said loudly. I need to get back to the house. My father has hidden so many secrets in there, includingthe cure.
Alright, then. Tomorrow well go there. He said firmly, and threw the cigarette out the window.

When I got out of the bathroom, Im dressed in Scars oversized T-shirt that smelled sunflowers. Scar went to the roof, saying that he was going to stay there for a while. After a few minutes, the door slammed open. Ken heavily panted as if he had ran over a marathon to get here, and hugged me tightly.
Kiko! Im so happy youre safe. He said out of breath, sweating a lot, and released me as the door closed.
Do you know how sick Im worried about you!? Where have you been, young lady!? He yelled. I shrank as if Im being scolded by an angry parent, and lowered my head in disappointment. I knew that I had made Ken worry about me, sometimes, but still he shouldnt get involved with me, especially in the Soul Reaper World. 
After he had calmed down, Ken sighed deeply and patted my head, like a little kid. Im sorry, I shouldnt have yelled at you like that. It was justugh, dont ever scare me like that, Kiko! The way his fingers ruffled my hair felt like heaven. I giggled lightly, blushing.
I know, Im really sorry Ken. I said, feeling guilty.
Look, I dont want to know where you have gone to, because Im extremely exhausted. I just want to make sure that youre safe. So many people want to get their hands on you, and Im here to protect you, okay? He said. For an eighteen year-old guy, he definitely knew how to take care of a brat, like me.
Sorry, Ken.
Anyway, Im sure that youre very tired from your adventure or something, and so I needed you to rest. He said. Its a very long day and Im very tired to argue with you. So get some energy and Ill be here beside the bed.
Okay, I did what he told me, and pulled the blankets up to my chest. That was odd, I expected Ken to ask me a dozen questions concerning my absence, but now, he just wants me to rest
I heard him shuffle at the end of my bed. He looked very exhausted as I watched his body rise and fall from the long search. What would he do if I didnt came back from Marys laboratory?
 Ken, I want to go home tomorrow, I want to look at what father left me. I nervously mumbled and braced myself for another scolding.
After a few moments of silence, Ken answered my question. Sure, Kiko. He said. I already miss home. 
Surprisingly, he hugged me and sat at the edge of my bed, his right knee up. You know, even if you are a stubborn, sneaky little girl, I still love you no matter what.
I stiffly nodded, speechless.
Well, He looked disappointed. I guess its time to tell you how I ended up as a Kurosawa.
Chapter 15




I was five years old when my parents died from a house fire. It was horrible. The images of my mother darting past the screaming flames were unforgettable. My father was dead before we reached him. I couldnt see his face, but I knew that he was burned to tiny ashes, like a crisp. He lowered his head. I didnt know so much about our family history, but I did know was that I lived in a rich mansion, like you, and then everything was burned down into nothing. He sighed. Darkness closed us easily, making the room eerie and quiet. My mother dropped me into the nearest river before she had found out that the flames engulfed her. He pulled out a silver ring from his pocket. This was the only thing I had left of it.
I scanned the ring with my eyes, and on the tiny corner, there was a small design, carved on the silver that looked like a snake. 
The rescuers found me shivering in the cold water for two days. But before they discovered me, I met a girl who wore a gray cloak. She kneeled down and pulled me out of the water, dragging me to a safe piece of land, and wrapped her cloak around me. I didnt remember her face very much, but I could tell that she was really beautiful. He said. We didnt talked much, because I was very scared about the outside world. I would be dead right now, if she didnt call the rescuers to save me. Though, after that she disappeared without a trace.
After a month, I found out that I had no relatives left, so I was brought to an orphanage somewhere in Florida. I was ten when I met your father. He was a bright, intelligent man that wore an expensive outfit. He immediately adopted me, threatening the nuns to skip the papers, and took me inside a limousine
He didnt asked me questions about my family history, instead he kept asking me if I wanted a sibling. I said yes, because I didnt had one and he laughed jokingly. He told me that he had a beautiful daughter, who was two years younger than me. Okay, I think it was fine, when my world suddenly turned upside down as I saw the mansion. The ground felt so familiar, just like the ones back at my real home. The garden caught my attention. Everything was no different. There were house servants who do the house chores, butlers running down the backyard cleaning the cars, and thenI saw you.
Me? I blushed. He grinned happily. You were so young, so little and so cute. Three years old and you were already staggering a few steps wearing a cute, blue lacy dress. You had the greenest eyes I had ever seen and a big smile. I knew that I would quickly get along with you.
After I saw you playing with a rubber toy, your mother came in and greeted me like I was already her child. She was beautiful, just like you, with the same green eyes and brown hair. I even mistaken her as your older sister. And then we went to dinner. Your parents asked me so many questions about my new home. My life turned out to be so much fun when I was with you. From time to time, I watched as you grew older, taught you some things as an older brother, and played tag every afternoon in the garden, and on the mornings, you practiced sword fighting with your mom at the backyard. I congratulated you when you won the first Judo tournament in Los Angeles, and then, I became your guardianafter your mom passed away.
He frowned, his expression darkening. It was sad. Different from the one my parents died. Before she went to Heaven, she told me to take care of you and protect you with my life. My heart snapped. I was the one who cried the most when she died, while you wailed so loudly when we were at the funeral. I know you didnt saw me cry, but I did. I just couldnt let you see me in that state. As for that, your father became lonely, and disappeared from time to time, to go to work when he couldnt bear to see his daughter anymore. One day, we made a deal. He told me that once I take the full responsibility of being your guardian, he might have never go back home, ever again. I never knew why, but he wanted to avenge his wife, and so I let him be.
A few years had passed, and the sweet, cute little Kiko turned to hate his father when he missed his wifes funeral. 
I was wrong, okay. I pouted in a childish act. He laughed, and gently patted my hand. 
Yeah, I know. People are like that. I used to hate my parents because they were always at work, and couldnt play with me all the time. When they died, I felt like I wanted to say Im sorry that I didnt love them even if they were still alive. He shrugged. I guess thats what lifes all about.
I sighed. Yeah, I leaned on him, smelling his sweaty T-shirt. Tomorrow. Just you wait, Ken, Ill finally get the answers tomorrow.
He smiled. I know you will.

The hospital grounds were quiet when we took our leave to Kens secret parking place, where he hid the SUV in a remote field. His perfect, kimono uniform was no longer in sight, and after that incident, he had been the typical Ken who simply wore a simple T-shirt and long beige shorts. The large cranky glasses that were too big for his nose, were replaced by blue contact lenses.
We slowly avoided the sharp bushes that were located at the end of the hospital. I followed Ken and scanned for anyone who might see us, but so far so good, there was none.
I wrapped Kens scarf around my neck, and crossed my arms on my chest, to keep myself warm from the morning fog. My eyes were swollen from the lack of sleep. Im dressed in a brown, fur coat that was given to me from my far away Uncle in Russia. 
Are we getting near yet? I said tiredly, my feet staggering through the hazy fog. The only thing that I saw was Kens outline, moving faster in front of me. With the fog, it already felt like we were lost inside an Amazon jungle.
Yes. Hang on, Kiko, we are almost there. He said. 
I pressed my lips together and yawned again. My nose was soggy, and my eyes were closing every time I took a dizzy step. Why do it have to be so cold in the morning? 
I gazed down at the floor, visioning Kens childhood past within the flames of his mansion. Gray cloaka girl? If Ken saw the girl, who had disappeared before his eyes, then he could see Soul Reapersbut, why couldnt he see Scar? When Kens outline was nowhere to be found, a warm hand had clamped my shoulder, causing me to flinch from the sudden intrusion.
Scar strode beside me, and took me to where Ken was. This time, he was wearing his full, dark Reaper outfit, his scarred mask catching my attention as he surveyed his eyes to the neighborhood.
Your brother sure knows how to hide a big thing. Scar said, but his eyes were directly focused on Ken. 
Ken wasnt my brother, but I had to accept the truth that he was one.
I didnt said anything before Scar halted, and tightened the grip on my hand. The Black SUV was parked between the large green fields of the hospital, and outside, the car sparkled as if it had been cleaned. I grinned. I hadnt seen this car for days, and still it looked brand new. Ken is incredible. 
Ready to go, Kiko? Ken leaned down to check the mirrors.
With excitement leaping, I let go of Scars hand and scrambled beside the car door. He followed, his hands tucked under his waist pocket. 
Okay, just sit back tight and relax. He said, climbing into the drivers seat. Seat belts.
I sat on the side seat with a hot coffee in hand, taking small sips to savor the caffeine. Scar smoked beside me, and stared at the window shield as the engine started to roar.
The car began to rotate, slowly passing the small bushes, until the wheels reached the city land. My head leaned on the window, and started to doze off.

Kiko, Someone shook my shoulders to wake me up. I tiredly squinted my eyes through the blurry vision, and yawned deeply. The next thing that suddenly happened was that Scars lips were pressed against mine. My eyes jerked awake, my body rose until my head hit the roof of the car.
Ow, I waited for the sharp pain to go away. 
Sorry, He muttered apologetically and started to shift out from his seat. 
Were here, Kiko. Ken said.
I cranked my head to look at the window, and my eyes widened in return. Moms beautiful garden was now an empty dessert. The flowers were plucked out from their stems, leaving a large amount of dirt stained on the granite house steps. Several petals were spread around the floor; some broken and had been stepped on. Branches of the trees were broken, their trunks bent in an odd shape. The grass were torn off; wood posts shattered on the grass. No. My hands shook. No. My mouth opened on its own, but no voice came out. Moms garden, the one that I cherished after these years, was now gone.
My knees dropped on the rough stone ground, clawing my hands on the cement until my nails bleed. Ken wrapped his arms on my stomach and gently pulled me up. Scar helped Ken, and successfully, they lifted me up, and steadied myself on the grass, raked with my nails.
I used Kens scarf to wipe the end of my tears. Ken softly patted me on the back, and embraced me so I could cry his shoulder.
How could they even do this tough, He stammered, nearly choking from his own regret and surprise. 
I burst into tears, wailing loudly like a kid.
Kiko, dont be such a cry baby. I couldnt bear to see you always crying again. He said calmly. Just think about positive things. Dont worry, well find out who did this.
Yeah, I angrily wiped my tears, regretting that Ken was always right about everything. Crying doesnt help me anymore.
I let go of Kens hands, and stood firmly in front of my mansion. Squared shoulders, body straight and chin up. My purpose was to find the cure, not mourn my old life.
Ken, I need you to wait here, while I take a look at Dads things. I looked at him. Can you do that?
Ken nodded obediently though he wasnt sure, and squeezed my right hand, worried. Just be careful, alright? 
I smiled and took a firm step to the front door with Scar trailing behind me.

The inside of the mansion was much worse than the garden. Dried blood were scattered across the walls and the floor, reeking of foul sewer. I pinched the end of my nose and advanced forward. The paintings were shredded into paper thin strips; some of them embed by millions of bullets. Vases had fallen on the ground, with broken flower petals spreading across the floor. Red outlines of people were painted on the floor. Blood. I gulped, hoping that they hadnt discovered Fathers belongings yet.
My heart drummed nervously in my chest. The place was quiet like the hallway of mirrors. But right now, I got Scar with me. The house was empty, except for the two of us. 
I took a left turn and started climbing the glass, spiral staircase, full of sparkling diamonds. Scars boots crunched on the burnt papers as he walked, making squeaking sounds in the eerie corridors. He eyed the giant chandelier hanging from above. It wasnt broken. When I looked at it, my face had been reflected across the millions of diamonds attached on the chandeliers. The terrorists didnt get to reach this area, because there wasnt any damage. Only the first floor was raided, nothing else from the top floors.
Suddenly, I heard a shuffling noise from behind. As I turned around, my foot slipped from the stairs, falling. In slow motion, I lose my balance, and reached my hand, looking at the bright chandelierwhen Scar caught my wrist in one hand. He hauled me up, until my face smacked his chest.
Careful, you dont want to fall to death without avenging your parents. He said coolly.
Sorry. I thought I heard something. I apologized sincerely
He lazily pointed his finger on the ground, and once he lowered his hand, a gray rat scurried from its hiding in place. My cheeks heated up and together, we climbed the remaining stairs.
We reached the fourth floor where my fathers room was, and I shuddered at the structure of the door. I hadnt enter Fathers room before, not even once since I was little. No, Kiko be brave! I mustnt hesitate, after all Father wanted me to find the cure.
Is that it? Scar silently answered my question, as he alertly tried the door, kicking it lightly to see if there was any person inside. No sound. I breathed, and took a step forward, while the smoke of his cigarette floated inside the room, this time, odorless.
I shakily placed my hand on the wing-shaped door knob. Alright, this is it. I gulped, and turned the knob, pushing the door open.
The scent of roses went up to my nose. I stood, dazzled, staring into Fathers enormous bedroom that was filled with windows, showing the whole city of Florida. Its beautiful, I breathed. The sight of the whole city was splendid.
 Breathtaking, Scar said from behind me. He clipped off his mask, and tied it behind his neck. But now is not the time to stare at it. We need to move fast. If people finds Ken outside, he might get arrested.
I nodded. He was right, I needed to find out what Father was looking for.
There was a large, white cabinet, covered with a glass top bookcase, and float desk surrounded by stack of papers. The King-sized red velvet bed was still messy, with the covers still rolled on the floor. Piles of papers blocked my path to the cabinet. And just out of the corner of my eye, I tugged the black, leather briefcase lying on his messy bed. Scar quickly shifted from time to time, analyzing the books, and shuffled the stack of papers in the bed. He became frustrated from flipping the papers, and when he had finished, he hopped off the bed, peeking under the tables.
I knew what I needed to do. My eyes trailed on the human-size, wall cabinet in front of me. With its camouflage features, it didnt looked like a cabinet, but more like a wall with vertical black linings. 
The letter told me that the ruby necklace was the key, but where was the slot?
I kneeled down and began to move the pile of papers to the other side. It was tiring, with thousands of heavy books blocking the way, but I guessed it was Fathers way of hiding things. 
Scar, help me remove these. I asked. He kneeled beside me, and pushed some books out of the way. I think my father left a slot around here somewhere.
Alright,
For hours, we had finally cleared the stack of papers, so now there was nothing, but the smooth ceramic floor. 
You sure theres a slot here somewhere? Scar panted heavily beside me, and wiped his forehead with the back of his hand.
I think, I said, frustrated. It says on my fathers letter that the necklace was the key. He said that the briefcase holds the maps for the cure, but deliberately, hes secretly hiding it inside that cabinet.
Check the briefcase first, maybe there are some clues to open this thing up. Scar said and leaned beside the wall, unzipping half of his turtle neck coat to fan his body.
Alright, I gulped a huge amount of air, and directed my focus on the worn down briefcase.
 Huh? I peeked through the ends of the briefcase, but I didnt see anything, except for a small hole at the end of the box. Thats weird, I dont see any opening.
Try the hole. He said. I think it fits your necklace.
Obediently, I dug out the necklace and placed it inside the small hole. The necklace didnt fit, instead it glowed brightly as if it had a connection with the locks inside the briefcase. With a loud snap, the briefcase opened, dropping several papers on the floor.
Awesome! I cheered. We crouched in front of the papers, shuffling a paper in each hand. As I flipped the papers, Scar cursed, and I saw why.
A man dressed in black was tied to a long white table, and at the end of his two feet were two sharp blades, like a knife. It was the same thing I witnessed back at the laboratory when Mary kidnapped me. Acidity went up to my throat, urging my stomach to throw up again. But thankfully, I didnt. Scars face wrinkled into disgust, and scattered the papers on the ground, squeezing his face with both hands. Dammit!
What? I crawled next to him. I was going to touch his shoulder when he slapped my hand away. This was the first time I had seen him furious.
 You should not see these pictures, they are gory and disgusting. Identical to the one I saw back at Marys He gritted teeth in frustration.
I know, I feel the same thing. I said, avoiding the bloody picture that had fallen on the ground. A red-colored paper caught my attention among the white papers. Carefully, I picked it up and read it carefully.
Clap your hands once.
Clap your hands twice
Clap your hands thrice.
And then tell me your family members names.

The riddle was easy for me, I guessed I didnt have to think about it after all. Once Scar had calmed down, I examined the looming wall-cabinet. Breathing deeply, I clapped my hands once, then twice, then thrice, and clearly said my parents names.
Jern Kurosawa, Izumi Nanami Kurosawa.
There was no response from the cabinet, no slight movement.
What are you doing, Kiko? Scar asked, scrambling to his feet, and hunched over my shoulder, his eyes pierced on the red paper that Im holding. The riddle told me to clap once, twice, then thrice, and say my family members names. But it didnt work. 
Maybe theres someone you have forgotten to mention. Try again. He said, watching me closely.
I repeated the riddles written on the paper. I clapped my hands once, then twice, then thrice and clearly said the same names that I remembered, this time different.
Jern Kurosawa, Izumi Nanami Kurosawa, and Ken Palatino-Kurosawa.
Beeping sounds echoed the room, and the cabinets began to tremble with a loud crunch. Glowing lights swiveled from the white walls as we watched the cabinet disabling, its doors swinging open.
Im grinning widely, my happiness spreading across my face. The door opened, slowly revealing a very dark hole inside the cabinet.
Good job, Kiko. Scar said, pleased and I pried the door open.
Then, my mouth went O.
Chapter 16




A brown package sat at the end of the cabinet, the only item that was left for me. I leaned forward. The package felt so light and familiar under my arms, revealing a tag tied onto a ribbon. 

To Kiko Kurosawa.
Do not open this package, unless you have asked a Soul Reaper to tell you about the REAL details of the cure. 
Go on. 

Real details of the cure? I looked back at Scar, who arched an eyebrow at me. I pressed my lips together, knowing that whatever father was trying to tell me, it was going to hurt, and I wanted to be ready for it.
What does it say? Scar asked. I handled the package to him, and he read the tag, his expression darkening. It was fast, how a smile on your face turned to a frown.
Kiko, Scar kneeled, one knee up and rested the package on his lap. Do you really want to hear it, the truth?
I gulped. Yes. I want to hear it. Go on, tell me.
He sighed deeply, and attached the mask on his face. 
The cure for a Weapon isfor the Soul Reaper to release his, or her Weapon, and grant half of his, or her powers to turn a Weapon back to a human. If that happens, the Weapon will never, ever, see their Master Soul Reaper, again. Its like youve freed another being, but with law still strong, you can be punished by the Scientists. He said, noticing my shaky fists. Sorry, Kiko. But Im not going to do that to you. I cant risk something that would get us both killed.
Fear trembled inside me, knowing that everything Id worked for in the end, will never came true. I cannot be reversed back to my human self. I can never live normal or become someone I want to be. Im a Weapon that was being haunted by thousands of Soul Reapers, including Mary. My parents were dead, trying to protect me.
But, He said.
Theres another way. We need to find the Sacred Weapon that could bless, and turn you back to a normal human, without involving the Soul Reaper deep into the crimeand it lies on Japan.
Japan. Those words echoed back at me. Mom said that I have a grandmother that was still living in Japan. Maybe she can help me find that blessed weapon.
I looked at the briefcase again, avoiding the bloody pictures, until one photo caught my attention. A picture of a world map lay on the bed, and across the left side was marked by a large X. 
Familys names. Kurosawa. Bloody weapon pictures. Does that mean that Mary held me underground in Japan when she experimented on the other Weapons?
Yes, this answered my questions. Japan. Why didnt I thought of that?
I guess its time to open the package and check things out, after all Scar walked and picked up the pieces of gory pictures in his hand, his face wrinkled in disgust. These are worthless.
No, I said, grinning wildly. I think my father gave me the idea. Scar, did you went to Japan to rescue me from Mary.
 H-How did you know? He froze.
I saw a cherry blossom when I was locked up as prisoner in one of their rooms. But how did you know that Mary had me there?
He shrugged and ripped the pictures. I dont know. Ever since I left you, I knew that something terrible was going to happen. And it did, so I followed that little garden spirit you had, and it led me straight into Marys underground laboratory.
Sun? That spirit almost saved half of our lives. Thanks to her, Ken didnt died, and Scar was saved. But I felt guilty because her home had been destroyed by those demons, and there was nothing I could do about it. My fingers changed to sharp blades, and I ripped the package open.
Lilies, a real one, paired with a simple card. I frowned, whats this?
My fingers touched the small letter and read it with eyes level.
Take me to my funeral. Give these lilies to your mother as my gift and apology for missing her these years. Theres two tickets waiting for you two. This will serve as a path, so you can go and see your grandmother. Also, please tell her that you are our child. She will absolutely take care of you, along with your master Soul Reaper.
Tickets. So I was right. Dad was telling me to go and visit my grandmother. I hugged the box tightly in my hands, missing him. Funeral, so that was our next stop, and it was coming on Friday, half past after in the cemetery.
What does it say, Kiko? He asked. I let him read the letter.
I guess thats all there is to it. Come on, lets go back before your brother gets worried. He said.
I nodded, and carried the package in my hands. The briefcase was empty, so I didnt need to bring it anymore.
As we reached the ground floor, a sudden figure leaped out of the air and dived straight us. With quick phase, Scar pulled my collar back, and the figure missed me by inches as the ground was smashed into a crater.
My hair flung backward, eyes widened as I clutched the box, while Scars angry voice echoed the side corridors. Trying to rip everything again, Frey! He barked.
Frey appeared on top of the stairs with a graceful twist, and landed on two feet, her flaring hair flying behind her. This time, she wore the same identical black coat as Scar, while a newly transformed Hughes was stabbed on the floor.
I miss my little play thing, Scar. Of all the siblings, you fight well, so Frey said wickedly, twisting her two-edged spear like a baton. Im ready to have a fight with you again!
Back off! I blurted. Scar glared Frey, and she chuckled ridiculously.
Oh, what a brave Weapon, Im so scared! She mimicked a childs voice. Well, enough of that. I trust that you have met Scars evil twin sister. How charming is she? And then her eyes flickered. Even if they dont look like a real prince and a princess, the King had to choose one, and leave the other one to die. Leave the other one to die? Surprising, isnt it? But Im afraid our talk wont last very long. She smirked. 
Scar tightened the grip on my shoulder and looked at me. Immediately, I understood the case and dropped the package out of the way, recoiling back to a Death Scythe. He positioned me to fight and waited for Frey to move.
Frey gave a single nod to her partner. Ready Hughes?
Yes, Mistress. He said dully, but before he could continue, Frey raced with ultimate speed, running upside down the ceilings, and vanished.
Scar caught himself off guard as he blocked Freys surprise attack from behind, our blades colliding. I rolled the chains up in the air, flinging it and tied it on Hughesbut Frey broke the chains in half, striding with swift movements, naked to humans eye. The wall beside us exploded, and large boulders fell, smashing the ground from her blow. Scar rolled out of the way, just as Frey stroke her invisible blow, breaking the vase on top of the table, and slashed a painting of simple fruit position. She lunged forward, disappearing again, and this time, appearing in front of Scar, slicing his shoulder with a vertical blow. Blood splattered on the floor, and Scar crashed on the ground, breathing heavily.
Scar! I said, my hands turned to fist.
Inside the Weapon World, Hughess blond hair was still glowing brightly in the black light. He stared at me with dull eyes. 
I think I was wrong that he didnt love you. He said, his mouth in a straight line. You two already have a special bond, and even if were to destroy it, it will be reborn again into tiny pieces.
I dont get what he was saying, but I sensed he was apologizing for the night he barged in my room. 
Scar pulled Freys hair, sending her face flat on the floorfollowed by my chains, pinning her hands in place. She roared angrily as the chains started to overlap her hands, freeing her from her spear. She clawed and thrashed, but my chains were too fast, and wrapped across her body, caging her like a tied bird.
A mischievous smile crossed Hughes face before he was in his human body again. Then in midair, Hughes spun around from behind and stabbed Scar in the stomach.
Scar! I yelled.
Frey grinned, and reached out her hand as the chains loosened, summoning back Hughes in her hands. No. I returned back to my human form, and caught Scar as he fell on the ground, blinded by the injury on his stomach.
Frey got up, soothing the dirt from her cloak. She turned around, and Hughes joined her. 
F-Frey, Scar stammered, blood gushing out from his mouth, and I pulled the necklace from my pocket, pressing it on his stomach.
Interesting to watch as you do your own little trick, Kiko. But quite enough for me to reveal your true information to Father. Frey said.
Y-you. He said angrily, but unfortunately, she had already vanished into thin air, leaving the whole place quiet.
Geez, whats with you and Frey? I asked as the jewel shimmered brightly, healing the deep injury in his stomach.
I dont want to talk about it. He said, closing his eyes. Once his wound was properly healed, I helped him up to his knees, and remembered that Ken was still waiting outside the house.
We need to get out of this place, I said, breathless. 
He nodded with his eyes close, and bit a cigarette on his mouth. So whats the next step?
We wait for the funeral burying ceremony. And after that, Im thinking of taking Ken with me.
Why him? He said as he picked up the package that was lying on the ground. This has nothing to do with him.
No, there is. I said firmly. I dont want to leave him here alone, hes family, and once he gets to meet my grandmother, Im sure she will let him stay there.
Scar understood the word family, and didnt asked too many questions regarding Ken, but I knew that he was really jealous of him. I sure hoped that the police will find empty evidences to spread in the news.

The last day of fathers death came. Today was burial day. Im wearing the traditional, Kurosawas black kimono that was hidden under my mothers closet, never touched, except on funeral occasions. I missed Reeta braiding my hair, and pinning flowers clips on my head. I missed her simple outfits, and her artistic fingers skimming my hair. But now, she was gone. 
Ken wore his all black Yukata, with a white rose sticking out from his breast pocket. This was the first time I had seen him put a gel on his tousled, brown hair. No more glasses, just blue contact lenses. I knotted my hands together, biting my lower lip. I am going to see, for the first time, my relatives, or even grandmother. The butterflies swarming in my stomach couldnt seem to stop. 
Were here, Kiko. Ken said sullenly. The car rolled through the large driveway as I saw a large sign that said, Florida Cemetery. 1980s. 
This is it. I gulped, clutching the lilies and the note beside me.

We passed several different cars parked on the cemetery, and looking at the window, I saw people dressed in black, walking down the street. The sky rumbled, gray clouds swarming the area. It was going to rain soon.
And it did, just a few seconds, the rain heavily poured down on the green grass, splattering droplets on the window shield.
We will be seeing our first relatives. Do you feel excited, Kiko? Ken pulled to a stop. But before we go, there is something I need to tell you. Will you hear it?
I nodded.
Starting today, one of our relatives will come and take us home after the funeral. He bit his lip, noticing my serious face and laughed. Dont worry, we will be together alright, but surely I will miss the mansion, especially this car over here.
Wait! My voice was high. You cant leave the car here, and live with another relative!
He frowned. We dont have a choice, Im old enough to be on my own, but I cannot separate from you because you are still underage. And be thankful that one of your aunts suggested to keep us both, and sell this car here. I guess we made a deal.
No, I said, getting teary again. I dont want to leave this car here. After my discovery at my fathers study, I didnt want to live in someones house. I needed to go to Japan and find that cure. But with us being orphans again, and with me being underage, I guessed Ken didnt have any choice. He was my brother, and now, we wont be able to see the mansion again, not without money. 
Come on. The funerals getting ready. He released his seatbelt. Ill get our things later.
I nodded and stared at my own two feet, the rain pouring hard beside the window, drowning my sorrows. I pressed the red button and a black umbrella flipped open. I gripped it tightly, and pushed the door, stepping out the hard rain. Because Im too slow to move, half of my black kimono was drenched. I successfully released the umbrella, shielding me from the rain. Ken followed behind me, holding the black umbrella in one hand, and together we walked across the wet grass, toward the people dressed in black that were arranged in a large circle.
As we got closer, my mind told me not to go, but I couldnt help it, my feet wont stop walking. Anonymous faces swiveled to look at us, pity etched in their faces. I looked for any signs of any old woman out in the crowd, but unfortunately, I didnt see one. Only younger faces that were mid-thirties, or fortes, with kids beside them. Grandmother is not here. 
Three ladies stared at us as we passed the aisle to Fathers white coffin. We stopped, and took a peek at the glass case. My eyes shook. Father lay inside the coffin, smiling, with both of his arms tangled on his stomach. 
That smiling face made me happy for a moment. His death was horrible, but he smiled till the very end. Ken came to my rescue, and gave me the lilies. I placed the lilies on top of the glassy frame, closing my umbrella, and pressed my palms on the glass cover, planting a gentle kiss on fathers forehead. 
I love you, daddy. I whispered. Im going to find the cure, just you wait I clenched my hand to fists. and Im sorry for all these years of misunderstanding you. I thought you left meleft us. But thank you. Thank you for protecting me, and everyone. When mom died, I thought you didnt want me anymore, and so I triedeveryday Tears burst my eyes. I did my very best, so you could come back home. In every tournament, I gave all my best and defeated all those who looked down at me. I kept all my gold medals in my drawer, and waited for you to come home so I could show them to you. But you never came.
I keep waiting. Spring, summer, fall, winter. While you were gone, I cherished mothers garden, learned sword fighting, and made to the top class. And on graduation day, I was the top fighter and smart pupil in school. Everyones parents were there, smiling, praising their children. But mine was not. So I went to the stage, with Ken, but without a parent, while everyone questioned me. Where is your father? Why isnt he here? I gulped, swallowing my tears. I didnt mind them, except for one kid who keep insulting my family. So punched his face, right in front of his parents, and after that, I was expelled from the school.
I did a lot of thinking, and realized that they were right. My father abandoned me. If he really did love me, why didnt he attended moms funeral, my graduation, or all the tournaments that I won? I didnt understand because I was too young, but it made me hated you. And then, when I read your letter, the hatred in my heart turned to regret, and guilt. I didnt understand why you hid this all from me. I thought we were supposed to be family. I sobbed. I thought we were a team, like Ken and I. Why didnt you gave me the letter sooner, or later? Why did it have to be that you were dead? I didnt wished for any of this. If I had known about it, I could had been the good girl you always wanted, instead, I turned my back against youhate you, despise you, because you tore my heart to pieces.
Kiko. Ken placed a hand on my shoulder, and looked at the coffin. Im sorry, dad. Kiko is overreacting again, but dont you worry, Im going to protect her like you promised me to. He said. Goodbye, you were a wonderful father.
I went back to Ken, wrapping my arms around his chest, sobbing. His hand gently tipped my chin up, and then to my surprise, his lips brushed mine. Ken was kissing me, his hands cupping my face, his lips urging for more.
The rain stopped a little, murmurs and gasps spread across the field. When he stopped, I scanned my eyes toward the strangers around me. They were all Japanese. When Ken and I retreated back to the strangers, a man wearing a red scarf greeted us with cheerful voice.
Kiko, and Ken. He said brightly, nodding with a Japanese accent. Condolence for my brother, Jern. Oh, by the way I am your Uncle Kei, and this is my daughter, Misaki. The little girl beside him smiled and shrank to her fathers side. 
Hi, I mumbled.
He saluted me, smiling. Nice to meet you, and we are sorry. Then he left.
After a few minutes, someone shouted. Kiko!
Ginger and Lena were already running to my side, and from a long distance, I saw their American parents, walking down behind them, dressed in black.
Condolence Kiko. Ginger said, holding a black umbrella. She wore a black cocktail dress, her red hair tied into a ponytail.
Thank you, I said sullenly. Lena clamped a hand on my shoulder.
Sorry about her, but if you like, we can have a girls sleepover at our house. She eyed Ken. And dont worry well reserve Ken for my brothers room.
I arched an eyebrow. Why? 
Youve been sad, and Im sure that, after this youll be cheerful again, so Ginger and I have planned this entire event with you. What do you say?
I asked Ken. You said that after this, a relative will pick us up?
He nodded, though he wasnt sure, and eyed the crowd again. Shes not here, so Im sure it wont be bad. Ill call her later after the funeral.
Yey! Ginger cheered lowly. Lena stood beside us as the priest comes in.
I watched the whole process, as the priest said good words over my fathers coffin, I burst to tears again. The priest sprayed something on the coffin, followed by the diggers, raising their shovel. My relatives bowed all together as they lifted the coffin. My heart felt so tight, so leaked. I cried again in Kens arms, my fingers tightly gripping his back. He gritted his teeth, while tears flowed down from his cheek. This was the first time I had seen him really cry. It hurts, it hurts. The lilies on top of his coffin got buried with the rest, and I recalled the same image of mothers coffin being buried in the hot summer. 
Then I froze.
Fathers glowing spirit was standing in the middle of the cemetery. His Japanese face aged, making him younger like he was in his twenties. He was wearing his blue Italian suit, and expensive golden ring, smiling radiantly at me. But he wasnt alone. He wrapped his arm around Mothers waist, grinning, while mother held the lilies on her hands.
I wanted to talk to them, but Mother put a finger on her lips, her eyes slanted when she smiled. She wore her favorite, green garden kimono, with her hair decorated with flower pins.
Inside my heart felt like it had been lifted up from misery. For the last goodbye, they full-heartedly waved their hands at me, before vanishing. 
Chapter 17




Ken popped his iPhone and went to the nearest isolated place, where he would be calling someonemaybe the relative who was going to pick us up. Now that my parents were in peace, Im ready to start our goal. I needed to relax for a while. 
Ginger told her parents to wait for us outside the parking lot, while Lena argued with her little brother about food. Thankfully, the rain had stopped, and the relatives were all gone by the time the funeral was over. 
Ready to go, Kiko? Ginger said, once she finished telling her parents. I tilted my head to Kens direction, as if to answer her question.
Handsome, as always. I cant believe that you didnt introduce him to us before. Lena said with a flirty tone, eyeing Ken. 
I saw what you two did, and theres absolutely no way that they are siblings. Ginger said to Lena. They kissed in front of her fathers grave, and siblings dont kiss in the lips.
My cheeks reddened, smashing that embarrassing moment away. I love Scar, and Ken as my brother, but I didnt thought that Ken would kiss me. 
Hey, dont make her blush like that. I thought were going to cheer her up? Lena corrected. also her brother, of course.
Whats taking Ken so long? He was standing on the farthest corner, talking on the iPhone, his other hand jammed on his pocket. I turned around and Scar was beside me, smoking. His attention was on the gravemy parents grave, with a sad expression in his face. The black coat was gone, replaced by his usual black, loose jacket and slim tight pants, exposing his perfect collarbone.
I leaned closer to him, my eyes trailed on the busy people around me. He didnt move, but gazed at the sky, like there was something bothering him. He said in dull whisper, eyed fixed on the grave. Its hard to tell the truth, but I envy you Kiko.
It was the same line that Hughes said to me before. I didnt questioned him further, but when I looked at him again, it felt the opposite. I should be the one envying him, not me. 
Soul Reapers are pathetic creatures, we were born into the hatred souls from the people who have died, to save the living and to keep them goingbut, He looked at me, his gray eyes much similar to Hades. we dont live like normal people do. We dont have real parents, or have a family. Were just servants of Gods, soldiers and messengers of despicable people. We are nothing, but an object.
I placed my hand on his chest. No thats not true, youre wonderful and you know it. I always wondered what it feels like to be supernatural, but I would never imagine that it was fun to be one.
His lips curved a bit. Your parents are now in peace. They are in joy with the world above God. And when you die, we will be together like always.
I nodded, thought I wasnt sure of what he said. Then, the rain started to pour again. Before I had time to talk to Scar, Ken sprinted toward me, a successful grin on his face.
He stopped beside me, grinning, his Yukata wrinkled. I called our relative, and she said she will pick us tomorrow morning at Gingers house.
Oh, I said, pretending to be happy, but inside, I got a bad feeling about the she he was talking about. Great, cant wait.
He tangled his elbow with mine. Shes nice. Im telling you the truth.
Ginger and Lena finally joined us. Surprised with the arm in arm position, Ginger clamped a hand on her mouth. Wow, you two look nice together!
Lena nudged Ginger in the stomach. Dont mind her. So Kiko, are you ready? The cars waiting.
Yeah. Okay. I said, my voice low, and took one last look at the grave, spattered with rain.

The black, shiny SUV was parked at the end of the shrub. Im going to miss that car. Beside me, Ken looked like he was going to cry. No wonder he was so attached on being a guardian-looking-butler in the Kurosawa mansion. While Ginger and Lena were so focused on welcoming their parents, I looked over my shoulder, and planted a goodbye smooch to the car. Someone will buy it. Im going to miss the lively smell of the cushions, and the black sleek design of the car. 
Whats wrong, Kiko? Ken patted a hand my head, and I got teary, again. I wiped the tears with my free hand, and held the umbrella in one hand.
Yeah, Im going to miss that old thing. You know, its my first car that was given to me by your father. Ken said thoughtfully.
Really, I imagined Ken, nervous, while driving a stylish SUV with only a student license. 
Come on Kiko, and Ken. My family is eager to spend so much time with you two. Ginger said cheerfully, clutching my right arm and pulled me.
O-Oh, alright! I stammered as we got soaked by the rain.


That night, we had a fruitful dinner at Gingers house with Lena, and Ken, and all of their family members. Gingers mom was a great cook, her dishes were outstanding. She was always joking about things that werent related to mine, which was convenient to let go of the sadness inside me. Gingers father liked to talk about how they went to great places, like London, and Japan, and other great countries they explored. Gingers two brothers, who were two years younger, were very noisy boys. They will argue with almost anything, but in the end, they will become friends again. It felt like I had invaded another familys privacy, but Gingers parents were friendly, and they will treat you like any guest.
Ken explained his duties as a butler at the mansion, and Lena couldnt help, but spread her gasps all over the table. My ears went pink when Gingers parents told me that Ken was great brotherand boyfriend. When dinner was already over, Ken was advised to sleep with Gingers brothers, so Lena and I will sleep together in Gingers room. Before I went to bed, Ken gave me a light squeeze on the hand, and closed the door. Good night, Kiko. He mumbled.

I couldnt sleep. Memories kept rolling in my head, like a film: Kens kissfathers briefcasethe lilies hidden in the cabinetthe black-clothed people with black umbrellasand Fathers smiling face. 
I rolled on the sleeping bag, trying to get myself to sleep, but I couldnt. Frustrated, I planned to spar at the garden. After all, who wouldnt be delighted to have a brand-new, polished sword, ready to be used? Looking over my shoulder, I quietly tiptoed my way to the corridors; the carpet was cold as I traveled down the stairs.
Thankfully, the floor didnt creak under my weight, so I went outside, letting the cold breeze in. The sky was grayish blue; clouds swirling; with darkness spreading on top of the lonely neighborhood. I missed the trees and the plants around our garden, as I paced the front door that was surrounded by an empty land. I unwrapped the red cloth, and the katana blade shimmered in the light. The weight of the sword felt lighter than before; also the blade had been sharpened. The mystery still revolved around the katana. Who fixed it? Who reformed it? 
To start practicing, I tried to visualize a person in front of meMary, her sly smile looking down at me. I tightened my grip, gritting my teeth as I recalled my humiliation of being defeated by her twin warriors. The twins, I imagined everyone real, so Im readyto defeat her.
I swiveled to my right, dodging Ellions swing of his dagger, and rolled on the ground, appearing behind him. The string circled, and secured my right arm, sharp string biting my skin. I leaped up, with an upper kick, my shoes crushing Reemes head, but the string didnt release, instead it started to tear my skin again. Just as I was about to turn myself into a Weapon, a clap cut my reverie. Everything vanished; the gray neighborhood in sight again. 
Scar clapped his hands in a slow rhythm, leaning against the fence, his lips formed a thin line.
Great imagination. Is that what youve learned from your mother? He asked. I shuffled to my feet, soothing the dirt off my pajamas. 
Not really. I just cant sleep. I said, my hair fell on one side of my face as I moved. He let go of the fence, and walked toward me, his hand pushing the soft strands of my hair to my ear. My cheeks flushed as I trailed my eyes on the ground, embarrassed. 
Sparing as always. Do you want to practice with me? He said, leaning closer. His lips pressed on mine, returning my heart with a leap. His breath was warm in the cold, his hands trailing the side of my face, and brushed my bangs with his slender fingers. Suddenly, Kens face flashed. Thankfully, Scar broke the kiss and leaned his forehead against mine, his arms around my waist. This was Scar, I didnt want to think about Ken anymore: Light gray eyes, perfect collarbones, and messy black hair. 
Practice sounds good, I said breathless. He released me, so he was few inches, staring at me with decent eyes. 
Alright, then. He pulled out his black coat, and swung it behind him in an arc. The coat perfectly slipped his arms with no difficulty, and attached the scarred mask on his face.
What are you doing? I asked. 
Just imagine that Im the bad guy, and you need to kill him before he destroys everything.
I arched an eyebrow at his ridiculous theory. Why would I kill you? You dont look like a bad guy to me.
Trust me. You do now.
In a fast racing motion, he leaped in the air, and jabbed an upper kick. I blocked his attack, just in time with my sword, my feet sliding on the ground. He was strong, the impact was slightly forceful, and before I could think of another plan, he appeared beside me, his punch swiveled to my right, hitting the edge of my ear. I pushed the blade upward, and it tore the collar of his cape, slightly an inch. I flipped backward, and landed on the ground of the other side of the field. 
Your speed and your agility has increased, Im very impressed. He said, and noticed the small cut from his black collar.
I pinched the edge of my ear, and saw small droplets of blood on my finger. He got me good, but I got him better.
Shall we continue? I nodded and then he shuffled behind me, shoving a right punch toward my facebut I quickly blocked him with the blade of the sword, so his fist didnt met with my skin. He shakily pushed his fist on my blade, and unlike before, the blade had become sturdy, even if it was thin. While he was distracted with the sword, I secretly shifted my right foot to chains, and sent it in the air. The chains started to wrap on his arm, and I pulled my right foot. His fist moved to the side, allowing a clear attack on him.
Very nice, but Im afraid that wont last longer. Scar said.
His right foot connected with my blade, sending it in the air. The sword stabbed the ground. Scar shifted back to his weight, two fingers signing to come after him. With my weapon out of my reach, I needed to do this my own way. I lunged forward. He was preparing to leap backward in the airbut just in timeI caught his right leg, breaking his jump. He fell flat on his stomach; a gasp escaping his mouth, and immediately I kissed him to keep his mouth shut. But my kiss didnt last long, he pulled my wrist, the air knocked out from my lungs, while rolled on top of me, kissing me back. He won the fight as we crashed on the grass, kissing passionately. 
That was one romantic move. He kissed me again, soft and gentle.
We lay on the ground, looking at the stars, and started talking about things. The sky transformed to million colors, bright gray and yellow orange like the sunset. Sweat was sticking at the back of my shirt. 
Scar, are you really jealous of meand Ken? I said, my eyes were heavy from the peaceful environment.
He stiffened beside me. I dont think so.
Liar, I said with my eyes closed, smiling. You hate Ken because he likes me, dont you?
Yes, He said forcefully, defeated. But dont you think youre being abusive to him? He loves you and you dont love him back.
I love you, Scar and thats all it matters. I said, and spread my arms on the grass Kens just a brother to me, you should know that.
He sighed and rested his head on the grass, closing his eyes.

Kiko. Hey, wake up, girl! Ginger yelled beside my ear. I grumpily rolled to my side. The light shone my face, disturbing my sleep. Ginger tugged my arm. I sat upright, my eyes shut tight. I wanted to sleep more, but this was my result for not sleeping last night.
Good girl. You need to get dressed, your relatives coming here, right now. Ginger said.
What? I said tiredly. When I cranked my eye open, Im back in Gingers bedroom, sitting under the sleeping bag. How did I get here? Did Scar carried me so I would go unnoticed? And then sword
It was lying on the floor beside my sleeping bag. I sighed in relief, while Gingers words cut through my head. Relative?
 Ken said that its your aunt from far, far away. I dont know, but he said that she will be coming here at 8 am, and theres only 1 hour left.
I heard that shes very strict, so dont be late for your first meeting. Lena advised beside me. With my mind extreme awake, I jolted down the bathroom, brushed my teeth, and fixed my hair. The door was ajar, and Ginger and Lena took a quick peek at me.
Thats our girl. Here are your clothes. Ginger said, holding some spare clothes. 
And Ill do your pretty hair. Lena smiled.
Thanks, I spat some water and rinsed my face. Why didnt anyone tell me about it? My stomach were swarming with butterflies. I hoped that Ken will calm me down, once we got to see her.
By the time I went downstairs, Gingers family was waiting for me. They all exchange goodbyes and good lucks as I passed the front room, where the door was. Ginger hugged me, and Lena patted me in the head, and carried my things. 
Is she here? I asked nervously as I stumbled into Ken. He smelled good, for once, I had to admit that he never wore perfume in his life. 
In a few minutes, she will be. He said, nervously soothing his hair to make sure he looked good.
Ginger bear-hugged me from behind, wailing. Visit us again, Kiko!
Im not going anywhere, silly. I said, having a hard time to steady myself.
Yes, you are, you two are leaving Florida today. Didnt you listen to what Ken was telling you, he said that you will be studying in a different school!?
My heart sank, since I was focused on my unknown relative who was going to pick me up, I didnt fully understood what Ken was saying a while ago.
I squeezed Gingers hands tightly. A different home, a different school. I cant see them again anymore.
Thank you, I gritted my teeth. Lena joined our hug. We toppled on the floor, laughing and crying. I never imagined that I would never see them. My memories with them were so short, but Ill never forget them.
And then there was a knock.
We all froze in our positions, my heart beating louder in my chest No, I dont want to go. Ken helped me to my feet, and to my surprise, Ginger and Lena hugged him, patting his back. Ken blushed and tightly held the bag full of our belongings. 
Ladies, well, this is farewell. Ken said and gestured me. I stepped up to the front door, with Ken beside me, and clutched the sword behind my back.
One.
Ken held the doorknob.
Two.
I closed my eyes.
Three.
He pulled the door open.
Chapter 18




A tall, but thin woman, with black hair tied into a ponytail, and a girl who looked like my age, stood in front of the door. They were both well-dressed in simple T-shirt and jeans. The girl looked American, with some Western features. Her eye-catching, baby smooth face was beautiful. A young model with striking golden eyes and red hair. She looked nothing like the woman with black hair.
The woman scanned her eyes around me, and to Ken, planting a thin line on her lips. Ken was right, she looked so strict, and the girl looked grumpy, or irritated to be here.
Ken and Kiko Kurosawa. She snapped. We responded quickly, the nervousness quickly picking up.
Yes, 
 UmMiss Camelia and Querlyn Montez Ken said.
The girlQuerlynraised her hand, with a bored expression. Yes, yes, can we go home now?
Ken became quiet, his cheeks flushed, embarrassed. My blood boiled.
Querlyn! The woman, or Aunt Camelia, scolded her with a harsh tone. Querlyn kept quiet, and had her eyes trailed on somewhere else. Aunt Camelia looked at us again, with an apologetic smile. Im sorry, my daughter isnt used to strangers yet. 
Thats alright, Ken said, and pulled our things up. The woman nodded, and I took one last look from behind, where Ginger and her family and Lena were watching us, waving goodbyes to me. I waved a little, before Ken and the relatives stepped outside the house.
We walked across the front porch, where I had practiced sparing with Scar last night. Speaking of Scar, he stood beside the house, both arms crossed on his chest, a mask on his face. He watched us very closely. Ken was having a conversation with Aunt Camelia, carrying our bags, while Querlyn was a few inches walking across me, pouting like a spoiled brat.
The air was cold again, but no snow. The sky was bright blue with cotton clouds swirling in the sky. I nodded at Scar, who was standing behind the porch. He nodded back and popped another cigarette in his mouth. He leaned against the fence, his broad shoulders exposed in an unusual angle. Suddenly, I heard Querlyn hissed beside me. I looked at her, and noticed that she was not hissing at me.
Her eyes were fixed on Scar. She got irritated at his presence, and flipped her red curly hair behind, stomping her foot loudly on the grass. I had a bad feeling that she saw Scar, and if she saw him, then she had to either to be a Weapon, a Medium, or worse, Soul Reaper.
Silently, we climbed the taxi and drove a few miles to our new home. Ken did most of the talking to Aunt Camelia, while Im sitting beside Querlyn, who was tunelessly singing in French. Ignoring Querlyns horrible singing voice, I dozed off to sleep, imagining what kind of life will happen to us.

Ken lightly woke me up as the lights turned into a shade of blue and grey. I blearily squinted my eyes in the dim light, adjusting as I saw Aunt Camelia getting out from the cab. Querlyn painfully nudged me in the ribs, and quickly slipped out from the side door. 
Were here, Kiko. Ken said as I dizzily got out of the car. It took me a minute to steady myself on the ground. Then my eyes shifted to the small, ruined apartment in front of me.
This is our new home; a dainty apartment, with broken windows and a withered lawn. Ken pulled all our belongings from the cab, while Aunt Camelia and Querlyn waited for him to finish. 
I was halfway trying to lift out heavy bags when Querlyn snapped, in a rude way. Hurry up, we dont have whole day, brat!
I dropped the bags and started to cross my way to Querlyn, when Ken blocked us. Querlyn glared at me.
 Hey! He was between us, his other hand stopping Querlyn, the other one for me. Please girls, dont fight. Its your first day to know each other.
Querlyn snorted. Yeah right, like I have any care for a rich girl like her.
My hands flexed to tight fists. Calm down, Kiko. I said in my mind.
Scar was beside me. He clamped a hand on my shoulder, leaning his face, close to my ear; his eyes were pieced on Querlyn. Querlyns gaze fell on Scar, her pampered attitude immediately replaced by fear. 
She can really see Scar.
Scar fixed her a back-off glare, while Querlyn bit her lip, slowly retreating back to her mother. She looked past her shoulder, and glared. Just wait and see, loser!
The mother and daughter left. Both guys helped me to my feet, and I gritted my teeth from the sharp pain on my ribs. Is she threatening me?
 Kiko, calm down. Scar said beside me.
Thats one heck of a girl. Ken said, supporting my arm.
Yeah, I mumbled, and managed to steady myself. Ken noticed the bags on the floor, and helped me as we picked them up. I looked up. That old and worn-out apartment wasnt home to me. Without choice, I followed Ken and entered the front door, with Scar trailing behind me us.
The air reeked of garbage, spoiled food and dirty dishes. Intoxicating. It had already made my stomach sick, just taking the first step. Ken felt the same thing, and suddenly dropped all the bags on the floor with a loud thud, dizzily covering his mouth with his hand. I pinched my nose, struggling to see what was inside of the house. Not only the exterior looked old, but the inside smelled bad too.
The room was small, fitted for only two people. Down by the kitchen, I saw stacks of dirty dishes dumped on the sink, and molds dripping from the cabinets. The ceiling was jagged, fixed with nails; the wooden floor had some black fungi smudged on the ground. On the other side of the room, there were piles of black garbage bags left to be rotten for a month. A yellow lamp swayed forward and backward. The windows were taped in a large X, along with broken TV sets and moth-eaten couches. Ken staggered behind me, nearly fainting from the smell.
Aunt Camelia and her daughter appeared on the metal staircase beside us. Aunt Camelia said, with a tight smile and serious tone. Ill be going out soon, but first, would you be kind to prepare dinner? After all, you are our new family members, and families clean their trash, right? She said with a dark smirk. Its a family tradition thing, so go on. Theres enough food from the fridge.
After that Aunt Camelia disappeared, leaving her bratty daughter alone on the stairs. Querlyn rested her chin with both arms on the banister, smirking at us wickedly. And I want a nice mango juice up in my room, so GET ON WITH IT!
She chuckled very loudly and disappeared the staircase. I gritted my teeth and clenched my fists. My palms bleed because of my long fingernails that were forcefully pierced on my skin.
To my surprise, Ken held my bleeding hand and spread my bloody fingers open. Ken took his hand from his nose, and tried to conquer the deadly smell. He traveled his fingers on my palm and closed it, looking at me with worried eyes.
Hatred is not a good thing to do. After all, were family, so I guess well just have to do what they are telling us to do. He said lowly, and gently closed my bleeding palm, planting a quick kiss on my cheek. Just you wait until your 18th birthday. We could escape here and live on our own.
He was right. I needed to wait until I reach eighteen, but right now, Im not allowed to live on my own with my step brother, because he wasnt related to blood. And with the money, we could use it to live somewhere, other than here. I stopped clenching my fists, Ill have to follow them because were family. Ken staggered toward the dirty, white fridge that was beside the pile of dirty dishes. I followed him, and when he opened it, foul smell blasted our faces.
GOD! I backed away and tripped on a nearby high chair, crashing on the slimy floor.
Ken slammed the fridge close, and helped me to my feet as I clamped both hands on my nose, gagging. 
What in the world is being stuffed there!? I coughed and wheezed. 
I dont know, He wrinkled his nose, and staggered, leaning on the counter. If we do really want to live here, we need to start cleaning this place up.
And how will you do that? 
First, we need to go outside. Ken gestured to the front door. I followed him. Fresh air whipped our face, and I breathed in, throwing my arms.
YES! FRESH AIR! I screamed, my voice drowned by the harsh wind. Ken giggled and laughed, copying me, and spun around.
Soon after we began to spin in round circles, we collapsed on the snowy ground, laughing, with our heads leaning against each other. I looked up. The sky was a perfect shade of blue, just like the color of Kens eyes. I groped my hand upward to touch the sky.
How can those two survive in a house that reeked of sewer? I said, squeezing my fingers shut.
I dont know. Some people can withstand that kind of homes. Some cant. He shrugged. Its hard to explain.
I want to go back home already. I said, retreating my hand back. I want to go back to the mansion.
 We wait, Kiko. Patience is a virtue. He closed his eyes. We have to wait until you reach eighteen in five months.
Yeah, I breathe. Cold icicles formed in my breath. five more months and we can live in peace, somewhere
Together, He continued and sat upright, the snow tumbling down his T-shirt. He faced me. Come on, lets go to the grocery store first, and buy some food.
Do we need to tell them first? I got up to my feet, soothing the crumbled snow stuck on my shirt.
No. I dont think that wont be necessary. He jabbed his finger to the window. I followed to where he was pointing. Querlyn was looking down at us at the balcony, legs crossed, and a frown across her bratty, spoiled face. When she saw Ken pointing her, she snorted, and disappeared from the window view.
I scanned my eyes around my home in California. The neighborhood didnt had a lot of trees and fields, instead there were old apartments and tall buildings on my side. 
Where are we anyway? I asked.
 California, He said and wrapped the pink and blue scarf on my neck. Come on, we need to know how to get to the grocery store.

Ken look over here! I said, excited, as I pushed the cart to the dairy corner. I had never been to a grocery store before, so Im beaming and jumpy like kid.
Easy, Kiko. Youve been excited when you stepped inside the front door of the grocery. Ken followed behind me, leaning down to grab a milk carton. 
My eyes sparkled at the colorful items in front of me.
Okay, Ken brooded with a pen tucked on his ear, and a notepad in hand. For tomorrows breakfast, Ill make blueberry pancakeshmm.no, wait
Watching Ken made me wonder how he had been organizing meals back at the mansion. Money wasnt an option, because half of my familys fortune had been transferred to Kens bank account, and if we needed to buy something, he could use the credit card.
Do you think well see them again? I asked, gazing at the products inside our cart.
Ken broke his thoughts and looked at me. Who?
The mansion, my friends andeveryone. I mumbled, recalling the garden spirits, and the happy faces of my friends. Ken playfully ruffled my hair.
Yes. Of course, dont give up. Well see them. Ken said thoughtfully, and got back to his memo. I rested my chin on my right hand, watching dozens of buyers shopping and pushing trolleys. Then something caught my eye.
A little boy dressed in plain T-shirt and jeans sneaked past three ladies, who were busy picking an apple from the fruit stand. Looking sideways, he snatched something from their bags and retreated fast. My senses snapped awake. Maybe a demon was inside him. I looked at Ken, but he was focused on his list, so I left the cart and went after the kid.
Through the aisles, I searched for the boy, but he was nowhere to be found. Then, I accidentally bumped into a large shelf, and sacks of flour smashed my head, and my stomach, but it didnt stop me when I saw the little boy peeking at my direction. We made eye contact, and on the spot, he flinched, and made a beeline toward the exit. I ignored the people staring, as I ran toward the little boy.
Hey, stop! I said, quickening my pace.
From time to time, he looked back at me, and sprinted across several aisles. I didnt had time to follow him, so I stopped at the center of the aisles, changing my right foot to chains, and unleashed it straight to the boy.
Successfully, the chains secured the kids foot, and I began to reel--when the boys soul was pulled back, leaving the human body lifeless on the floor. The boys spirit struggled. Hey, let go of me!
That was when it hit me that there was no demon inside him, instead I had caught a mistake. A human spirit
Scar appeared behind me and stomped his foot on the chains. The chains broke from the heel of his boots, freeing the boys spirit.
What are you doing!? He hissed, angrily.
The boys spirit started to cry and sobbed, yelling for his mommy.
People screamed, and called for help as they encountered the lifeless body lying on the ground.
I started to back away, but when I did, a large hand clamped my shoulder. Fear descended my mindmy heart throbbing faster, and faster, as I slowly turned my head.
Black hair, shaved beard, and that same intellectual eyes I saw back at the hospital. Head Chief Ed. Oh, no.
You need to come with us young laohMs. Kurosawa! He recognized my appearance and scratched his beard with his hands. Coincidence, as always.
O-Officer Ed. I said, pretending to be surprised. He wasnt wearing his officer coat, so I guessed he was taking a day off. But why now!?
A-hem. Sorry, but I think you need to come with us for a while, Ms. Kurosawa. He said, squeezing his hand on my shoulder.
Why? I asked, sweat stinging my eyes.
Wait!
Thankfully, Ken squeezed through the crowd, who were hunched over to look at the lifeless boy, and paused beside Head Chief Ed, panting.
Officer, Ken panted, his arms on his knees. Pleasant surpriseKiko. He gazed at me, his eyes were serious. You were at the Dairy section, and then suddenly, you disappeared. I was so worried.
Im sorry, I bit my lip.
Head Chief Ed released his hand and studied Ken. Sorry, Ms. Kurosawa, I think I got the wrong person. He turned to Ken. Mr. Kurosawa, for a short while, you two were in Florida, so now why are you two in California?
 We just moved here. Ken said.
I see, Head Chief Ed. Why did he change his mind? He was going to capture me, but now, he was saying that he got the wrong suspect? 
Chief! Officer Waren shouted clumsily, stumbling toward our direction. Chief, I think the kid is dead!
What! Enraged, Head Chief Ed completely ignored us, and ran to the lifeless boy on the ground. Mothers screamed at him to take him to the hospital, even the grocery clerks were panicking. I saw Scar walking toward the crying boys spirit, and kneeled beside him.
Do you want to see your mother? He asked, in a gentle tone. The boy stopped crying and slowly nodded at him. Return back to your own body, and release the stolen wallets you took.
Scar knew so, I shouldnt be surprised. My ears went pink, and I lowered my head in shame. Did my powers weaken?
Go, Scar urged the little boy. Wait, He shoved something from his pocket, and golden coins glowered on his hands. He handled it to the boy, who stared at awe. Heres something for your family.
The boys spirit beamed and thanked Scar, before he scurried away to his human body. The boy slowly went to life, dazzled, while people gasped around him.
Before I had time to watch, Ken grabbed my hand and pulled me, until the people were becoming smaller. I didnt say anything as we arrived at our unfinished tray, beside the shelves of Milo drinks. 
Its best to finish our shopping first, before we do something else. Ken said and flipped his notepad again. I turned around and saw the little boy waving his little hand at me, and to Scar who stood at the main entrance. 
Scar planted an easy-going smirk on his face, and waved a quick hand before he disappeared. 

When we got home, Ken rearranged everything in place: Threw the garbage out of the house, cleaned the pile of dishes and destroyed the spoiled foods from the fridge. I helped him spray anti-bacteria Lysol in the area, and mopped the slimy floors. Two hours, after we finally cleaned the whole place, Aunt Camelia and her daughter had woken up from their beauty sleep. 
When Aunt Camelia saw what we had done, she gave a loud gasp. I expected that she would be happy in return, but it came out opposite. 
What have you done!? She barked, her thin, wrinkled face puffed red.
Ken whipped his head from the sound of her voice, wiping the sweat from his forehead and started smiling. He didnt noticed the angry tone when she shouted. Hello, Aunt, Querlyn, we were just cleaning the place.
Cleaning up the place!? She screamed in an ear splitting tone. 
Ken froze, horrified.
Querlyns eyes surveyed the place like it was a cleaning inspection. Uh-oh, Mother doesnt like clean things. You guys are in deep trouble now!
My grip tightened on the mop; my anger urging to hit her with this stick. She should be grateful that we cleaned this place up!
B-But why? Ken asked.
Everything went fast, like a blur. Aunt Camelias hand slapped Ken across the cheek, sending Ken crashing on the nearby table, gritting in pain. Querlyn laughed at him, while Aunt Camelia followed.
I balled my fists on my sides. Without thinking, I lunged at Aunt Camelia, but as soon as I grabbed ahold of her arm, everything expanded back, like some force had hit me. Then I was flown backward, my body smashing on the window pane. Glass shards pierced my back; I screamed in pain. Aunt Camelia and Querlyn snickered. 
What happened? How did Aunt Camelia attacked with that invisible force? Then, Querlyns wink made me realized something. They are
After that they disappeared from the staircase, laughing and snorting about us being weaklings.
I felt like my back was pricked by thousands of needles. Ken gritted his teeth, and staggered limply to help me up. Blood trickled down my forehead, the same with my arm and my legs, both covered with deep and light cuts.
Kiko, are you okay!? Ken leaned beside the counter, avoiding the broken pieces shattered on the floor, and touched my left arm.
No, I admitted, gritting my teeth as I tried to move a little. But I had discovered something. Those two have powers, I know it, because the first time Querlyn and I met, she has seen Scar. Querlyn was a Soul Reaper, and now I needed to know where her Weapon was.
Scar appeared behind my back, squatting at the edge of the faucet, and gripped his hands under my arms, ready to pull me up. 
Just hang on, Kiko. Ken said, climbing on top of the counter, absentmindedly positioning himself like Scar was doing.
Youre going to be okay. Scar whispered. Just close your eyes and everything will be over.
I nodded and squeezed my eyes shut, counting my breaths. Ken panted, gritting his teeth. 
One. He said.
I didnt breathe.
Two. Scar whispered.
Three.
I screamed. The pain was indescribable. Sparks of painvisions of bloodeverything coordinated with my brain, and it was killing me. Ken landed on the slimy floor, carrying me in his arms. Shards of glass fell from my body; and I bit my lip so I could taste my own blood, to keep the pain down. 
Chapter 19



Ken and Scar carried me, and laid me down on the snowy ground, face first.
Ill go and get the first aid kit in the bag. Ken said, panting as he left me, his feet hurrying down the front door. I wanted to roll on the ground, but my body was swollen, aching and bloody.
Beside me, Scar took the red jewel from my pocket and lowered it on my back. He said. This is going to hurt. Before I had time to react, the hot melting pain hissed my back. Screams exploded from my mouth as deep lava surged inside me. My fingers clawed the snowy ground. Tears fell down my cheek as the pain submerged, turning to warm. My skin was healing, releasing all the sharp shards pierced on my back, and soothed all the cuts on my legs. Then the pain submerged, turning back to normal, like nothing had happened. Tiredly, I rolled flat on my stomach, catching Scars luminous, gray eyes gazing down at me. He kissed me, and hot flushes ran down my cheeks.
Scar broke the kiss and placed the necklace inside my pocket, worried. Are you in pain?
I couldnt answer his question so I just nodded. He lowered his mouth that brushed across my temples. 
God, that woman. Its Scar said, but I put a finger on his lips. 
Im going to get them if its the last thing Im going to do. I whispered. He smiled weakly, and skimmed his hand on my hair. Then, he slipped off his jacket, and covered my front, lying flat on his stomach beside me. 
We both looked at the gray skies together. I said. Do you think that boy hates me?
The boy I was talking about made him remember the fault I had caused at the grocery store. He sighed and closed his eyes. No, I dont think you did it on purpose. I think theres someone controlling you.
Controlling me? I asked and heard boots creaking on the snowy ground. Ken tripped, and smashed on the pile of snow beside me. I quickly got up to my feet, before he noticed me uninjured.
Kiko, dont wor He opened his mouth and dropped the first aid kit tools beside me, scrambling to his feet.
I smiled ridiculously at him, and stood on the ground, perfectly fine. Hey, Ken. Im already healed, see? I can move again.
Ken slapped the back of his neck, laughing and lay on the ground, gazing at the sky. His hand trailed over his forehead, thinking that all of it had been a lie. What is happening to me? Did my eyes really deceived me?
I sat upright and crawled beside him. When I turned around, Scar disappeared, leaving us alone in the snow. No, everything is real Ken. You just fainted, and thought I was injured. I stretched my arms and twisted it around, for him to see my healed back. See? No blood.
For gods sake. He muttered tiredly. This is really just a dream, isnt it?
I leaned my face close to his, my hair touching his cheeks. Yeah, everything is just a dream Ken. Now, sleep. I whispered lightly. He fluttered his eyes closed and rested on the snow. 
What are you going to do about him? My heart leaped for a moment, when Scar appeared behind me, his white undershirt loose and untucked, apart from his black slim pants. There was a thin line on his lips and a gloomy look in his eyes. Guilt rose inside me. How can I love two boys the same time?
Ken and I bought a tiny tent from the hardware shop, I think well stay here. I said thoughtfully. 
Alright. Ill help you, after all you cant live all by yourself in that shitty house. He said dully.
I nodded, and shifted my right foot to chains. The chains crossed the apartments walls, finding its way towards the grocery bag that we bought, then reeling it in. The bag of goods landed on my knee with a thump. Scar picked up the bag and pulled out the tent.
Dont worry. Ill put it up for you. Scar said like a gentle man.
Thanks, I said, looking at Kens angelic face, while Scar patched up the tent.

How did things turned out to be this way? We were adopted by a crazy relative who treated us like dirt, and made our lives miserablebecause of the money. Ken had been tough, since the day we moved to our new family. I peeked at the small, window gap inside the tent, looking at the bright stars surrounded by the dark night. A tiny lamp flickered inside our tent, and beside me, Ken lay on the sleeping bag, lightly snoring. I rubbed my blue mittens together, and tossed the pink and blue scarf over my shoulder.
Scar laid down on my left, knee up, studying me. Cant sleep, huh? He said, shifting his position.
Not with them. This place is much worse than home. I grunted and hugged the covers tightly. 
I know, He yawned, touched the side of my cheek with his warm, slender fingers. Do you want to go somewhere else?
Of course, just not here. I said, and he kissed me lightly. The moonlight shone in our direction, lighting his black hair. 
Close your eyes, He said. I blinked at him.
Why?
Because I will take you somewhere magical, where you will never imagine what it feels like to be in this world again.
I didnt get what he was telling me, but I did what I was told. Tiredly, I shut my eyes and everything turns off.

Jewelries shimmered around the chandeliers spear. The place looked so familiar as if I had been here before. Glass, ruby floor where I could see my reflection of myself, and large circular ceilings. My eyes scanned the area: gold statuaries, and yellow lights that shone the majestic throne room. Then it hit me. This was where I heard Frey and Scar talking to his dad. Dad!
I alertly whisked my head to see if anyone was here, and to my relief, there was none. The palace had a very peaceful environment. Images smashed my head like a blizzard--the forestthe waterfallthe multiple hands groping me. I shook my head, feeling goose bumps over my skin.
Cold fingers curled around my wrist, and I jerked my hand away, when I realized that it was Scar. He shifted his gaze to me, then the palace, and put a finger on his lips.
I fell silent and watched him as he whisked his head from time to time, checking if anybody was here. When the coast was clear, we passed the hallway to our right. I let him, watching the floating movements of his black jacket while walked. 
Where are we going? I asked quietly. 
He looked over his shoulder, and whispered. Somewhere. Im going to show you something.
This was Hadess palace, so Scar knew how to navigate inside.
Our footsteps were quiet as a rat, when Scar brought me to an intersection, where most yellow lights hanged on the ceiling. This was the place I spied on Scar and Frey talking to their father. But this hallway was different: the corridors were made up of gigantic paintings of royalty bloodlines. Scar slowed his pace when we walked across the paintings. We both looked up.
Paintings of unknown faces, both young and beautiful, were looking down at us, arranged in a line from oldest to youngest. From the first series of painting, there was the handsome man with light, gray eyes, and long, black hair with clean shaved beard. He looked smart, brave and confident, just like the Hades I saw in his throne. Beside him was beautiful young woman with striking golden eyes, and red curly hair down to her shoulder. Unlike Hades, her skin was tanned, and her smile seemed nervous as if she wasnt used to the place yet.
My mother, Scars voice echoed. My eyes widened. Hades had a wife and her name wasPersephone.
Shes not here. I think shes in the spring field, or something, but I dont see her much lately. He said.
Beautiful, I sucked my breath. She looked like a goddess, and a real beauty. I couldnt take off my eyes on her for a second.
We moved to the other paintings. Three young boys with black hair, followed after Persephones face, then after them, five different girls with striking features. Before the paintings of the boys came, the last two girls caught my attention.
Flaming hair, golden-reddish eyes, and a confident smirk. Frey. Next was a sullen girl, wearing a hysteria smile. Black hair, identical features to Scar, and pale skin. Mary.
So the paintings shows all of you? I asked. He nodded quietly and balled his fist on his side. 
Yeah, He said, and traced his finger on the dark-haired boy beside Mary. 
Scar. He looked so young, so carefree, with his black messy hair and demonic gray eyes. He frowned, while sister looked happy, a little. 
Grevel, the one who painted all of us, said that it was masterpiece, so we Soul Reapers cannot forget who the original children of Hades are.
Original? I asked. I thought he adopted all of you?
He shook his head. I lied, all of us were the original, except
His finger landed on the last boy of the painting. This guy.
I followed his finger. The boy looked no more than twelve years old. Apart from his siblings, he was the only kid that had bright golden hair, but his eyes were a shade of white. Blind?
Who is this? I asked.
Graven, His shoulders slumped. A human child.
Human!? 
He nodded solemnly. He had been vanished from the kingdom two years ago. He was an experiment. A Weapon changed into a Soul Reaper. Father was deceived when he took him in. Now Graven has come back, and he wants to take over the throne.
Just like you, I said.
He repeated. Just like me.
Why do you want to be crowned prince so badly? The moment I said it, my stomach flipped upside down, savoring the tough choice that Scar needed to do. Evolve me into my Ultimate State...
His shoulders sagged, his mouth curled. Because I want to destroy all Soul Reapers. Because I want to erase the cruel beliefs of the existing Legendary Weapon. His right fist tightened. So many medium lives wasted, all because of fathers mind controlling. So many bloodshed, with souls occupying Hell. He whisked his head, piercing me with angry eyes. I want to save Mary, kill father and save as many souls as possible. But I dont want to use you just to take the crown.
 What happened to Mary?
He stopped and bit his lips. I wont tell.
My anticipation started to fall. My curiosity still lingering in my mind. That awful memory of Marys smiling face still haunted me, especially when she said that we will meet again. Then, Scar wrapped his arms around my waist, embracing me. Lets go, theres more I want to show you.
We arrived inside a dark room, with no windows or light, just plain darkness. I cranked my head up to see what was inside, but Scar immediately pulled an invisible cover, showing an opal door, glowing bright blue. The light flickered our face as tiny drops of white bounced on the door. 
Whats that? I asked.
The portal to the In-between, or what you humans call Purgatory. He said, smiling weakly. The blue orb inside whirled as if there was water splashing.
Why are we going there? I asked. 
So we can see your parents. 
My heart leaped. I sucked my breath and forced myself to stop shaking.
Scar grinned. Dont worry, no one will catch us, it can only accessed by Royalty Soul Reapers.
I couldnt hide the grin off my face. Im going to see again. Scar squeezed my hand as we stepped into the portal. The blue lights shimmered through my body like water, painting my skin with vivid colors of white and sea blue.
Bright light glowed from the portal, and sucked us to a swirling vortex full of flowers and beautiful skies. Scar and I floated from the gravity, and in a blink of an eye, the scenery changed as the white light expanded.
My eyes were shut tight when I felt the wet, mossy grass under my bare foot. Beside me, Scar inhaled deeply and released his breath from the dizzy ride. There was a light tug on my hand, and when I opened my eyes, I noticed that it wasnt Scars hand, but a little girl. Strands of blond hair tumbled down to her forehead. She giggled, swaying my hand as if we were close friends. She looked no more than eight, searching for a playmate. Scar grinned beside me as I scooped the little girl in my arms, giggling. 
Whats your name? I asked the little girl.
She beamed. Sharon. You dont look like youre from here.
From here? I arched an eyebrow. When she pointed her finger to the amazing green field and blue skies, my mouth went open. 
The view was breathtaking as if the whole world just turned into a perfect combination of yellows, blues, and greens. The field was so big, you could even play an entire field of football here. Flowers of different colors gathered on one side of the field, as butterflies and birds flew from the sky, swirling and zooming past the white clouds. Children, teenagers and old people played in the field, their laughter spreading. All of them were wearing white identical clothes, just like Sharon.
On my right, I saw a few women danced in the water, splashing and playing with each other. Sharon wiggled out from my arms, and I lowered her down to the ground. She sprinted across the field shouting. You should come here often, its fun! And then she rejoined a few kids about her age, playing tag across the grassy field. 
Im breathless, not because of the beautiful paradise, but the lively people here. 
I know, He read my face and we crossed the field, toward the trees and gardens. The sun was up high. The entire wonderland filled with joyful sounds of laughter and nature.
Behind the tree, surrounded with vivid flowers, I saw a shadow moved. My mother was standing beside the tree, and then, my father joined her, both of them holding hands and wore the same white clothes. 
Could my eyes be deceiving me? It had been a few days since Father was murdered by demons, but now, he was in front of me, with mom. Tears prickled my eyes. Mom, dad!
Scar released my hand and I ran to them, my arms thrown on the sides. The flowers disintegrated into millions of petals, and fluttered in the middle field. I stumbled into a patch of sunflowers, while Mom and dad caught me as I hugged them, sobbing.
Father patted me at the back, and mom squeezed her arms around me, my face sobbing on her chest.
Mom, dad. I finally got to see you two again. I cried. Green lights floated in the air, matching the shapes of garden spirits that popped behind the flowers. I saw Sun waving her leafy hand at me, along with flower spirits from the garden.
Sun, I released mother and kneeled on the grass. They jumped on me that made me fall on the grass, laughing and giggling. I had never been so happy in my life, surrounded by my love ones, and my friends. But I had forgotten Scar. He stood on the other side of the field, closed by the eerie quietness. The black jacket swayed lightly behind him, as the air grew thicker around the field. I had never seen flowers recreate.
Mom stretched her hand in front of her, as if she was inviting him to join us. She tilted her head, a welcoming smile on her face. Please join us, Sir.
Father nodded in agreement, watching my mother. After all the years, I never knew that you would be the one to help our family. He mumbled to himself.
At first, Scar hesitated, but seeing my parents smiling faces, he reached my mothers hand. They shook lightly, and Scar lowered his head, feeling shy, and speechless as if he wasnt used to people.
Thank you for watching my daughter, Scar. She said. Scar stretched his hands on his pockets.
No problem, He said, looking away. Mother giggled. 
It was fathers turn to shake his hand, expressing his gratitude. Thank you. I never thought a Soul Reaper would love my daughter, given by her condition.
 Yes, Scar cleared his throat. I love her with all my heart.
Father smiled. Thats good to know.
Weve been observing you from time to time, and I hope that you will get to change the world, for my daughter, Scar. Mother said. Scar was speechless, blushing. And also, youll make a good husband. 
My face flushed red. Beside me, Scar looked much worse than I am, his cheeks brightened red; face white as sheet. I couldnt urge to laugh at his face. 
My father patted him, warm heartedly on the back. Dont worry. You will.
I Scar opened his mouth, but his words were lost, and changed the topic. I think we need to go back.
All the excitement Im feeling was crushed in half. WhatWhy?
He whisked his head at me, his cheeks still red, but no longer embarrassed. We cant stay here, or else they will going to find o
His words were drowned, when a swirling vortex appeared in the sky. Lightning crackled the sky, followed by the harsh wind blowing the trees roots and petals upward.
I blocked the wind using my arms, but the strong wind had blown several children off the ground. My mother pressed herself against the tree, her brown hair whipping behind her, while my father hugged her to keep her on the ground. Scar whipped his head on the dark sky rumbling ahead, with fear in his eyes.
As the thunder crackled, a figure dropped from the sky, landing all fours the grass. Children and old people were grabbing onto large trees, to keep themselves from being blown away from the wind. I saw Sharon clawing the ground, while her feet was being lifted in the air, so I unleashed my right foot to chains, and stretched past her. The chains wrapped her leg when she let go of the ground, floating, while the chains held her. 
Red hair surrounded by flames crossed the air, as our eyes made contact. Frey.
Her black coat flipped behind her as the storm raged, the wind growing stronger and stronger, every time we met.
Her lips curled to a mischievous smile. Hello again, Scar.
Frey! He roared, extending his other arm to summon me. I checked my parents, who were safely clinging onto a large trunk of tree. What do you want!?
Frey lifted her hand in the sky as the thunder sparked on her fist. A double-headed spear surrounded by electricity. Hughes. 
Father summoned me to tell you some bad news. She said, loudly, and stretched her hand, palm showing. You got five days to complete the deal. He said that he had enough of your delayed excuses. If you dont transform that girl into its Ultimate State, then well capture her.
An angry grumble came from Scar. His eyes were no longer the serious ones I knew, but new and demonic ones. He hesitated and looked at me as he was waiting for my approval. I nodded at him, and he replied back to Frey. Ill do it, just give me some days to complete it!
She wiggled a naughty finger at him. No, no. Father cant wait anymore and thats the final rule. You cant waste any more time fooling around, because the game will soon be over. She smirked, the spear glowing with electricity. Now that my job is complete, lets have a full battle first, before you can get to your own business.

Chapter 20




At first, I was going to hesitate, when everything went too fast for me to see. Scar countered Freys attack in front of me, and lashed his fist, right to her jaw. Of course, his punch didnt hit her, because just in time, Frey blocked his attack with the stand her spear. Before I could see what was going on, Scar yelled my name, and immediately my world turned into black and gray, arriving at the Weapon world with Hughes.
Reality stumbled back to my mind. Scar got scratched by the tip of the spears blade on the side of his cheek. He immediately retreated, his eyes focused on Frey, while carefully trying to find a way to pull out her weakness. Frey moved backward, so fast, that blindly strike Scars shoulder. Scar cried, but remained focus, swinging my blade as he successfully sliced a cut on her thigh.
Frey stumbled backward, the wind growing stronger from her rage. The electric effect sparked on Scars cuts. He roared in pain, and his knees dropped on the ground, hugging himself. 
Scar, no! Hughes and I shifted back to human, but as I ran to Scar, Hughes lunged at me, gripping my collar, and lifted me in the air, until our eyes were on level.
Why do you help him anyway? He hissed. Do you think that in the end he will free you? No, he will turn you against his own father, just like that. You are a Weapon, a possession that many people want, and a power shared by all of them. No one will ever treat you like a human being because were objects!
Hugh
We are just slaves to them! I will kill you if you try to help him. Hughes yelled.
While Hughes was distracted by his own anger, I jerked my leg upward, kicking his groin. He released me as I tumbled on the ground, my butt sore from the landing. Then, I bashed his head with my leg, followed by a punch from my tiny fist. He fell face-first on the ground while I crushed his back, hip first. He groaned, and then fainted. 
Scar rolled on his side, groaning, while electricity still surged in his body. Our body was made up of 70 percent water, so the electricity paralyzed his body through blood. Frey squeezed the cut from her leg, the spear crumbling from her hand like sand. She opened her mouth in surprise, as the sand returned Hughes human form, who was lying on the grass, unconscious. The storm vanished and restored back to the perfect blue skies and bright sunlight. The wind calmed down, and the people had finally let go of their hiding place, darting across the green grass.
Frey cursed and faced Hughes, then in a flash, she rushed to Scar, slashing the sleeve of his hand with her long fingernails. Scar swayed backward, blood trickled from his hand, and blocked her following attack with his right arm. With a quick lash, she scratched Scars cheek, and hit his legs. Scar managed to balance himself on the ground, before Frey hopped in the air, stretching her legs, performing another twirling kickand I pushed Scar, getting hit by Frey instead. The side of my stomach was bruised, and I collapsed on the ground, gritting in pain. 
Realizing what Frey had done, Scar growled. Frey, will you just stop it!?
Frey paused and stared at his brothers demonic eyes, and burst into a cackling laughter, realizing defeat.
Just get the hell out of here. I dont want to fight you againI never wanted to be in this stupid game, so quit it. Scar roared, this time, his voice was deep, like the entire god himself. Frey froze, and stick out her tongue, extending her hand in front of her Weapon.
Hughes, She hissed. Hughes recoiled into a double spear and rested on her shoulder. I guess you won, brother. Maybe some other time.
Furious, Scar grabbed a rock on the ground and threw it at Frey. She deflected it with the spear, and without having the strength to fight, she summoned the tornado, pressuring the wind. This time, the wind didnt lift people from the ground, only her.
The tornado formed as a shield, while Frey became a blurry figure inside the tornado. She whirled around, and pressed her fingers on her lips, her eyes fixed on Scar. Just remember Fathers orders, and She pointed her finger at me. Well get her.
The tornado vanished into the clear sky, and everything turned back to normal again. Then the people around me clapped in applause. I lay on the ground, blinking, as plenty joyful faces gazed down at me, clapping in unison.
Scar helped me up to my feet, ignoring the pain pulsing on my shoulder. My parents hugged me, and children leaped and sang in melody.
Thank you! They cheered.
Scar lowered his head, ignoring the happy kids and extended his hand to me. Lets go back.
After saying goodbye to my parents, I took his hand, and everything whirled, multiplying into colors.


Water was splashed our faces, splitting my senses awake. I gasped from the cold chilling sensation, when I heard someone laughing. I was right. Querlyn held a bucket of water outside our tent, playfully sticking her tongue at me. I gripped my fists into my side, glaring at her. Ken yelped beside me, and jerked upright, wondering why he was drenched in water, his body shivering. 
Querlyns laughter had finally angered me, so I stood up and cracked my knuckles. When she saw what I was going to do next, she panicked and began to scramble back to her house. And then I dashed toward her. Once we were about an inch close, she tried to run faster, but I had already grabbed the ends of her curly hair, pulling it hard.
 She toppled backward, and without hesitating, I wrestled her to the ground, pinning her arms on the snow. She yelled, as I furiously tore her hair with my fingers, like a wild animal. Then in a flash of light, I was thrown on the ground, my back hitting the snow. Sparks of white flashed my eyes. Above was the blue sky, and I looked downwhen suddenly my heart sank. Aunt Camelia loomed above me, her hands on her hips, shooting me a devils glare. 
Then, a hard slap connected my cheek, smashing my face on the snow. The pain stung as if something hot was burning in my face. I cranked one eye open, to see Aunt Camelia helping Querlyn up to her feet. Behind me, Ken gently lifted me up, his hand massaging the spot where she hit me. No one had slapped me before. 
Are you alright Kiko? He said, soaking wet. I nodded, and the pain throbbed on my right cheek. Kens hands clenched on his side, while he murderously glared at Aunt Camelia. 
Dont you dare hit her like youre her parent! Ken roared. Im stunned, because I had never seen Ken got angry before.
Aunt Camelia smirked, while Querlyn frowned at me, both of us drenched in water. Aunt Camelia jabbed a finger at Ken.
I own you two, so my rules, my choice! She said with strict confirmation. No one speaks against me, no one ever questions me. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
Oh, I understand. But if you keep doing this, Im afraid I have to sue you to the police. Ken talked back. The corner of Aunt Camelias mouth twitched. She was holding her anger back. I gaped.
So smart, little boy. But remember this, I am your mothers sister and she entrusted you two to me. So if you dare to call the police, or get out of this place. Ill kill you both.
When she said kill, my body froze, as if her words brought death threats to us. I could hear Kens Adams apple bobbled down, his hands slightly trembling. Then, I defended Ken. Do it, and youll be burned down in hell for the rest of your life!
Both mother and daughter gazed back at each other, and burst into laughter. Aunt Camelias eyes were pierced on medemonic eyes that looked very similar to Scars. 
With your back injured, Ill bet youll lose this time. Aunt Camelia said, and went inside the house with Querlyn, sobbing.
They loudly slammed the door, breaking the windows and the potted plants beside the door. I felt Kens hands squeezed on mine, a proud smile on his lips. Thank you. He said. I think we should go to the gym or something. We cant waste our time shivering in the cold. 
I grinned, my heart fluttering, and together we walked down the city, with our hands knotted together.

When I stepped my foot down the gravel sidewalk, darkness swallowed me whole. Adrenaline rushed to my nerves as I saw a black pit under me. Before I had time to react, the world circled around, turning to a crimson, and blocked my senses.
Where am I? Is this the Weapon World?
A light blue petal dropped on the water, sending chimes tickling the wind. I whisked my head on the side, searching for some light, but Im still stuck in the Weapon World. After a minute or so, the sound waves brought back my senses.
Scar was sliding through the water, sword in hand as he hopped, and landed a few feet beside me, in cat position. But he wasnt looking at me, in fact, he didnt realized that I stood beside him, as if Im a shadow in the past. His grip tightened on the sword, and I noticed the familiar, red sign on the handlemy katana sword. He surveyed the surroundings, while a demon roared to my right. A demon squirmed out from its human soul, and Scar quickly sliced the head in one move. The head dropped on the water with a splash, summoning the demon soul, the one that Soul Reaper must collect. He sheathed the sword with one finger, but he wasnt done yet. Slowly, he turned to me, and I escaped a gasp. His beautiful gray eyes, were replaced by a serpents eye. The whole atmosphere turned deadly, and the Scar I recognized, was no longer himself. 
Scar! I yelled, but he didnt hear me. Why doesnt he know that Im here?
Scar slowly tilted his head up, his serpents eye glued on the slight sound that crippled on the water. Slowly, his scarred mask appeared on his face as if it just teleported, revealing two glowing eyes from the masks socket. The cape flipped backward, as a demon dived its claws toward him, and with incredible speed, Scar missed him, tumbling backwards in the air. While flying, he performed a triple tornado, slashing the demons neck, and gracefully landed on a clear surface of water, head bowed. The demon exploded behind him with a deafening roar, summoning the demon soul. Scar picked the soul with his hand, and tossed it in the jar. He tipped the jar to his eye level, studying, while his fingers were white-knuckled on the glass.
I need to hurry. I need to collect those souls. I dont have any time left. He said tiredly, sweat dripping from his neck.
I reached my hand to touch him, but I hesitated, remembering the goal he must complete to become prince.
The howling of demons caught Scars attention. He whipped his head, shoving the jar on his pocket. Then, he ran to the demon with incredible speed, jumping in the air like a ninja. I hurried past him, my footsteps splashing on the water, following him.
He had already gone too far, and in a straight line, he cut the series of demons blocking his way, with my katana. The demons exploded together; demon souls appearing at once. He didnt give up though. He continued to sprint across the demons, dodging and slicing. I couldnt keep up with his movements, because he was so darn fast. The only thing that I see, was his black coat flying behind him, and the scarred mask. I stopped on my tracks, when reality burned inside me. My eyes were fixed on the blade he held, while blood dripped down from his arm.
Thats not my katana. I looked up and my eyes shook. 
That was me he was holding. I am the sword he was using. 
I surveyed the Weapon world. This was the dimension I always appeared, whenever I transformed myself into a Weapon. And judging by what he said back then, he had used my Weapon form to evolve me. That explained the new katana. I evolved.
SCAR! I yelled furiously. He couldnt hear me, so I summoned the chains and spread it across his arm.
When the chains touched his arm, everything cracked like it had been made of glass. The world began to crumble, breaking into tiny pieces, until the Weapon world was no longer recognizable

In a sudden blink, I could see the blue sky ahead of me. Im lying on a narrow alleyway, with Scar standing a few feet beside me.
Scar was surprised to see the chains tied on his arm; the sword no longer in his hand. I glared at him, furious of what had happened to me. For a moment, I was with Ken, walking by the sidewalk, and Im here. Scar must have summoned me, and without knowing, I changed into my Weapon form, leaving Ken somewhere alone.
Kiko, Scar mumbled, his serpent eyes disappeared, replaced by his human gray eyes. Let go of me.
What are you doing!? I scrambled to my feet, chains disappearing, and freed Scars arm. He shook his head and pulled his jar to show me the collected souls. What happened to me? Where am I anyway?
Scar took off his mask, black hair strands tumbled down his eyes. I was trying to evolve you into a Legendary Weapon. You were asleep on the gym, and then a demon came to attack you, so I summoned you and killed it. Your brother was sleeping beside you, worn out from the fight you had earlier, and He looked at the sky, and cupped his mask on. Theyre here.
I whipped my head to where he was looking at, while my hands trembled in fear. 
Querlyn and Aunt Camelia were on the side of the alleyway, darkness covering them. There were unconscious human bodies on the ground, the ones from the Weapon World. Querlyn twirled the umbrella on her right shoulder, and gazed at me with murderous eyes. 
Scar gritted his teeth, flipping his cape back. Sister.
Querlyns lips curled into a cats smile. Heard about the sad news, little brother. Then she pierced her eyes on me. Frey told me all about it, how youve become the chosen weapon for this generation. But sad to say, you are too weak to even counter my Weapons attacks.
Weapon. It couldnt be. My eyes shifted to Aunt Camelia, who bowed lightly at her daughternomaster. Querlyn extended her free hand, wiggling her fingers in a boredom manner. Unfortunately, Im not one of you guys anymore, I have joined Mary in her army.
Army? What is she talking about? When I looked at Scar, the mask hid his expression. He said. Why? Why does she want me to stop getting the crown?
She shrugged. Dont know. But you should know that if you cant keep up with your deadline, you cant become prince. And then her fingers closed, a dark gleam sparkling in her eyes. And if you cant become the prince, then Mary will gratefully reward me.
We watched her as she called Aunt Camelias name, and changed into a white object that grew into a long rope. A whip. After the transformation of her own Weapon, Querlyn jerked the whip in the air and reeled it back.
Why dont you just surrender to us, little brother? Marys got a point. Its useless to give yourself to Father. She said, a tiny smile on her lips, and cocked her head to my direction. You too, little Legendary Weapon. Give yourself up to Mary, before everything gets in ruins.
What do you mean?
She laughed sluggishly, and pulled back her arm, her whip followed. Without question, she slashed it forward, the whip extending in the air, nearly hitting us. Scar summoned me, just in time, and sliced the whips end into tiny pieces.
Nice, brother. A sneaky, little bastard like you doesnt even play fair, so why dont I cheat too? She said, and dashed forward. Scar leaped upward, landing on the edge of the roof, and dodged the next strike of the whip, destroying the roof to pieces. The necklace glowed brightly, then, Im inside the Weapon World, this time looking at Aunt Camelia.
She wiggled her finger at my face. You and your selfish step-brother. How pathetic, I told you people that I would kill you if you break my rules, and now look at what you have done.
I snorted. And I told you that I will prevent it.
Pride is a sin, my dear. Your poor mother wasnt my sibling, instead she was my masters rival. She said, untangling her black hair as it flowed down on her shoulders. I was grateful for my Master, because if not for her, I would have died.
I thought Weapons and Masters were supposed to be Soul Mates? 
Thats a lie. Her face darkened. Its a pathetic belief Soul Reapers tell to their Weapons, so they can live by their side, forever.
The truth painfully hit me, but Scars yell distracted me from the conversation. Scar ran through the series of rooftops, blocking the whip by swinging the sword. My red jewel glowed brighter, and in the air, Querlyn reeled back and threw the whip, successfully wrapping the blade. Scar tried to fight it, but the whip didnt budge, instead it was creating a surging pain on my wrist. 
At the Weapon World, a red thin line was forming at the side of my wrist, and seeing it made Aunt Camelia burst to laughter. 
What a wonderful sight. Its been long since I have seen a Weapon getting bloodshed. She said, her eyes rolling behind her head. 
With a quick spin, Scar managed to land on Querlyns side, avoiding her attack, and dived under the roof. He sprinted on all fours on the ground, and then ran. But behind him, Querlyn had already thrown her whip, slashing his back. He nearly stumbled, but kept running toward the street. Houses and gardens surrounded Scar while he slid through the people crowding the area. 
Come on! Querlyn hopped behind him, slashing each obstacle on the way. Give us that Weapon, and together, well destroy the Soul Reaper World!
Never! Scar yelled, hissing his teeth, while a trickle of blood soaked his jagged coat. Im going to be Prince, and you cant stop me!
Time is ticking, and if youre going to be a prince, you need to evolve that Weapon now, or else Father is going to ban you from history. She pulled back her whip, her Weapon shifting into something else. Look how my Weapon has gotten stronger. Lets see if your Weapon can do this.
Aunt Camelia reconstructed to twin fans, landing on Querlyns two hands, and threw her fans at Scar, with lightning speed. The fans zoomed like thunder, breaking several demon souls in a straight line. A deafening roar exploded behind us as the demon souls began to float out of their bodies. Querlyn laughed loudly in the crowded area, sliding, while the fan appeared on her hand again. 
She covered the fan on her mouth. See my Weapon? It can cut through other Weapons in a single blink of any eye.
Scar didnt answer as he went to the incoming demon that tried to block his path. Scar skidded his feet on the ground, turning the blade and swung the sword upward. After the cut had sliced five or more demons, the demon souls had begun to surround the street. Querlyn flipped the jar opened and sucked all the demons souls. When it was done, numbers blinked on her jar. 670 souls.
 Scar cursed, but before he took the right intersection, Querlyn threw the fans, nearly slicing Scars hair whenaccidentally, he retreated back in one clumsy step. 
I told you to leave me alone! He barked. Querlyn smirked and landed on a broken table, balancing on two feet.
No can do, unless we capture you two.
Why yo Suddenly something flickered my eye. White light zoomed past our direction, its form shape-shifting into a tiny string that secured around Scars neck. His head was bent slightly, gritting his teeth to fight the string. But no use, more strings whipped our direction, and tied Scars legs, arms, and body, holding him in place. The string trapped my body; the sharp thread biting my skin.
When I looked up, I saw the twins walking toward our direction. Ellion and Reeme. Querlyns chuckled behind Scar, and she returned Aunt Camelia to her human form. Scar cried in agony, when a thin line of blood trailed down his neck and arms. Without a choice, he dropped me on the ground, sword form.
What did I told you? Querlyn said. At the edge of my mind, I could now recall her face from the paintings.
 W-Why? Scar cranked one eye open, looking at the twins. 
Marys orders. Ellion said dully, the string clenched on his fist. You cant escape, or else the string will severe your neck.
I thought were supposed to be friends? He said, slightly laughing. But in flash of light, the mask shattered, exposing his pale face. Scars gray eyes widened at the twins, with sweat dripping from his forehead.
Were not friends. Not if you go against Mary. Reeme added. He was the one who broke Scars mask. 
Scar carefully gazed at Querlyn, then to Aunt Camelia, laughing as if it was a joke. Seriously, youve gone this far just to capture me?
Not just you, Ellion said, his eyes pierced on me, Then, Reeme plucked the red jewel from my swords handle. He analyzed the jewel as if it was an interesting object, and shoved it in his pocket. So thats the reason why you were able to heal properly.
What is it? Ellion asked his twin brother, who frowned slightly at the object.
Its the jewel that answers to all our questions. This is the Jewel of Crimson blood, meaning it can cure Cursed Weapons, and it can also turn a Weapon into its Ultimate State.

Chapter 21




Jewel that can cure Cursed Weapons? I looked once more at the shining, red jewel glowing inside Reemes pocket. It cant be. I used it so many times, and it only healed our injuries, nothing more.
Without testing the jewel, Reeme turned to his brother and nodded at him. They both mumbled something that I couldnt hear, and after that Ellion pulled out a double dagger from his sleeve, the blade pointing at Scar.
Scar smirked. Are you guys going to kill me?
No, Ellion said. But it will put you guys to a sleep for a while.
In a swift movement that I didnt see, he jabbed the dagger straight to Scars stomach. Blood pooled from his white undershirt. I yelled at Scar, the scream passing roughly my throat, followed by a sudden pain on my stomach, and the next thing I nowwas darkness.

Someone was talking inside my head. A muffled voice that I couldnt understand, though it sounded like a girl. Slowly my eyes opened, and I saw crimson waves floating around me. This was another dimension, I think. But when I looked at my stomach, it was perfectly unharmed. There were no injuries, or strings attached to my wrist, just me and the calm, crimson wave. Where am I?
I am the jewel inside you.
My mind snapped awake. I searched for the voice, but there was nothing, except the floating, crimson waves. 
I dont understand, I said.
Come and see, we have a lot of work to do.
An invisible hand started to pull me across the blazing light, burning my eyes. My mind circled, while white light flickered across my eyelids. And then everything stopped.
I blinked, this time, I saw a sepia film, animating across me. There was an old house, surrounded by thick apple trees that had the largest apples I had ever seen. I wanted to pick those apples, but the invisible hand tugged my hand across the field, and pried me to the door.
Wait, I shifted my weight on my feet, but it was useless. Where is this?
Oh, youll see.
The wind blew my hair to my side; the roses beginning to rise from the surroundings. I peeked at the square-tiled window on the front door. 
A woman dressed in formal kimono, sat on a wooden chair, staring at the object on her hand. She had long, grey hair tied into a bun and slanted eyes. 
My creator.
Yes, it ticked my mind awake. The familiar scent of golden flowers, the beautiful dresses that she used to wear, and the serious face she had. My grandmother.
Oba-san! A teenage girl shouted. Her smiling face reminded me of someone I used to see in my dreams. My mother, age seventeen, walked across the room, her wooden slippers tapping against the floor. She leaned across her grandmothers shoulder, and stared at the object on her wrinkled palm.
What are you doing? She tilted her head, her brown hair tumbling to her shoulders. 
Grandmother sagged and sighed deeply. The fake stone, my dear. Im trying to think of what Im going to do about it.
Hmm She studied it carefully. Fake?
Yes, dear. This is the fake Jewel of Crimson Blood, a temporary stone that can heal a Cursed Weapon, and transform a Weapon to its Ultimate State.
But I dont even have a Weapon. She whined and grandmother patted the chair beside her.
Take a seat my dear, and Ill explain. She said gently. Mother sat beside her and eagerly leaned forward to listen.
Im going to give you all of these fake stones, because someday, when you have children on your own, you will need this, if you get caught by the She gulped. the Scientists. She rested the oval, ruby stone on the table with a clang. It might be temporary, but someday it will help lessen the curse of the Weapon by thirty percent, and make it stronger by seventy percent. Unfortunately, it wont last much longer.
Why do we need these stones anyway? Where are the real ones? 
She bit her lip and exhaled deeply. Izumi, thats the most valuable secret Im not going to tell you. Each of these stones can heal a spirits injury, though because its very fake, it will not be much valuable to some. However, the genuine stones are much dangerous than the fake ones.
How? She asked.
 I guess the topic is already closed. Do not ever discuss this with anyone you hear me, Izumi? She snapped, tightly clutching the pendant on her hands. Mom nodded cheerfully and zipped her mouth.
I wont.
Before I could watch more, the invisible hand dragged me upward, towards the sky, disappearing from moms memories. The stone I had was a fake, so the genuine laid somewherein Japanin grandmothers house. Fathers discoveries and Moms words still echoed in my mind. The cure of turning a Weapon back to a human, was marked on Japan, and if grandmother said that the genuine was still in secret, then Im positive that she had it. So if the Soul Reapers were looking for the real stone, then I was never the Legendary Weapon from the start. 
The world tugged out of my reach, and I spun and gasped when I fell on the sky. Voices disappeared, leaving a trail of screams as I tumbled down to my dreamto my own world
My eyes snapped awake when an ear piercing scream stabbed my ears. Blurrily, I whipped my head and saw black, grayish walls trapping me from inside. But I was not alone. A single lamp hanged in the middle of the ceiling. Two chairs, a large table and
Another scream. This time my eyes were glued on a bloody boy that was blocked by two human backs; the other one holding a whip. The twins. Ellion pulled back, and stroke the whip on the boy. My heart sank.
Its Scar.
His head was bowed down; his body full with whip marks, bloody and fresh. They are torturing him! 
I struggled and screamed Scars name, but as I moved, my hands were bounded to tight chains. Ellion reeled the whip back, and slashed Scars gashed stomach. Scar cried in pain, and dropped his head, the chains dangling from his limp arms. 
Let go of him! I shrieked, but the twins completely ignored me. Ellion continued to torture Scarthe sound of gashing and loud cries hurting my ears.
 Stop it. I sobbed, trying to move, tripping as I fell on the cold-tiled floor, crawling. Stop it.
Screams and yells echoed inside the walls. I cant do anything. I tried to summon the blade on my right hand, but it was useless, my mind was too foggy to concentrate. Stop it. Sobs cracked from my mouth. 
More yelling, more cries in pain. No I cant take it anymore. Crackles of whip and torture were connecting my ears; the sound of heavy breathing and spilling of blood. 
Scar waited for the final blow on his leg. Blood had trickled down his face. His gray eyes had been dull and blank, as if he didnt recognized the torture the twins were giving him. Ellion pulled back the whip, preparing to lashwhen suddenly, the door swung open. Querlyn stood in the middle of the door, wearing a white lab coat and tight black pants. Her amber curly hair flickered from the light as she slowly walked toward me, her heels clicking the ground.
Well, well. She looked at me, then to Scar, and the twins. Your master is now being spared from your own agony, Kiko. She paused to gaze at me, and examined Scar with the edge of her eyes. Release him.
The twins obediently released Scar, but he had already fainted from the pain, sliding on the wall. Querlyn nodded. Good. She stared back at me. Do you know why I brought you guys here?
I shook my head, biting my lip to keep myself from screaming. She continued. First of all. This is not Marys headquarters, because Im not working for her. Im just a rebelled Soul Reaper, who is curious to know about the genuine stone, and Her eyes glowed brightly in the light. And the Legendary Weapon.
I gulped, fear bumping inside me. She tilted my head carefully with her pale cold fingers. When you were still sleeping, Scar, my little brother was behaving like a bad kid again. I couldnt help it, he didnt want to leave you, even though I spared him a deal of ten thousand souls, so he could win the game. But instead, he suffered a painful punishment, just for you.
She tightened the grip on my chin, her lips curling. Pathetic. Youre just a Weapon, a soldier for the Reapers, and yet, Scar will do everything to make sure you are alive. She chuckled, and slapped my face.
The strike swelled on my cheek, as if thunder was being crushed by lightning. I fell face-first on the ground, my hands still bounded by the chains. Painfully, I cranked my neck to look at her, tiredness spreading across my body. What do you want with me?
I just told you, She stomped my leg with her foot, and a scream escaped my mouth. I want the stone, and I want youthe Legendary Weapon.
My mouth gurgled as she twisted her foot on my leg, feeling my bones crushing under her weight. Oh, I forgot, I did capture your little friend over here. Hes quiet handsome too.
My eyes jerked awake. 
She laughed again, much like Marys, and I heard her footsteps moving far away from me. Ellion, pull her up. Theres someone I would like her to meet.
Someone jerked me up, my body aching as Ellion lifted me, with one arm. I needed to hurry. I narrowed my eyes on my right arm, trying to change into a blade, but it didnt. I watched my arm shook and trembled, as blood dripped down my arm. No. My powers.
Dear, oh dear, you need to look at this, Kiko. You will be surprise on what Im going tell yo She paused, her fingers playing on her lips. No, one second though, you will be shocked of what you going to see right now.
Ellion tightened the grip around my neck and I struggled out of his arms, but I couldnt, my body wont let me.
Querlyn snapped her fingers, and the room began to rumble. The grey walls had started to move backwards, creating a much bigger space inside the room. Scars body slid on the floor, surrounded by a pool of his own blood. In the darkness, I saw a figure tied on walls. When the lights turned on, I gasped. Ken.
Thankfully, he was unharmed, but unconscious. Chains rattled when his body swayed from the motion of the walls. Querlyn chuckled, her fingers clamped her mouth. 
You are going to witness the creation of a new experiment! She walked toward Ken, the walls stopped moving. Fear throbbed inside me, and Querlyn paused, examining Ken, tilting his face with her fingers. 
Experiment? Could she meanKen!?
I wriggled from Ellions grasp, but once my feet had reached the ground, a string was tied on my shoulder, trapping me in my position.
Reeme whispered behind me, holding the string with his right fist. Move and you will die.
I gritted my teeth. Querlyn trailed her hand on Kens cheek, making him shudder. His eyes opened, and saw Querlyn, trying to move his hands, but they were bounded by the chains, rattling behind him. With a flirtatious glance, Querlyn licked the end of her lips, her eyes trailed on Kens chest, and one by one, she unbuttoned his shirt, exposing his leaned body.
Querlynwhat are youdoing? Ken stammered. 
Querlyn gazed at him when he spoke, her eyes lustful. Hello, Ken.
Ken! I shouted, but Reeme tugged the string harder, showing a slight cut forming on my wrist. 
Kens head snapped to my direction, narrowing his eyes. Kik
But Querlyn quickly clamped a hand on his mouth, silencing him. Hush, And trailed her fingers down his chest. I dont want to hurt your beautiful body, but A pocket knife appeared between her fingers, the tip of the blade touching his upper chest. first, I want to see that agonized face of yours when I torture you with this knife.
Everything went fast when Querlyn stabbed the knife on Kens chest. Ken screamed, struggling, but Querlyn continued carving the knife, creating strokes of shape in Kens chest, slow and painful. I bit my lip until it bled. The room was held by Kens agonizing screams, his body ruined with crimson blood. 
Oh, Im so enjoying this. She purred. 
Stop it! Stop it, Querlyn! I shrieked. Images of momand everyones dead faces appeared in my mind. Once I saw Kens eyes beginning to roll at the back of his head, I knew that Im going to lose him. Querlyn ignored me, deepening the slice on his stomach. I could see Kens face twitching, blood trailing down his lips, and eyes bulging from the pain.
Ken roared, his body stretched in an arc; the pupils of his eyes were gone.
Stop it Please, Querlyn. I sobbed. 
To my relief, she paused and looked at me, holding the tiny knife stained with his blood. The knife was special, just like my katana. Oh, now youre going to beg me to stop. Back at the house, you tried to destroy my beautiful hair, and now Im giving it back to you. She smirked.
This has nothing to do with Ken! I shrieked furiously, tears exploding from my eyes. When I saw Querlyn going to dig her knife on Ken, again, I screamed. Pleasejust take me in his place. He doesnt deserve to be tortured!
She yawned in a bored manner, and let her hand fell on her sides. My body softened. At least now Querlyn would agree to take me in his place. But instead everything went backward. Querlyn grinned wider, and thrust the blade on Kens heart. 
 KEEENNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I shrieked, loud enough to cover the room with my screams. Kens head bowed, and hanged limply on the chains; blood pooling his chest. No. The memories exploded in my mindKens smileKen being a good brotherand Ken breathing when the garden souls healed his leg. No. Everything cracked and shattered like million glasses. Ken is dead. Ive got nothing now, all of them are dead.
I dropped on my knees, head down, while tears exploded from my face. I felt the string loosened on my wrist, and I tightly squeezed my face, nails scratching my skin. Dont disappear like thatIm worried about youI promised your father that I would protect you with my lifeKiko, Im glad that youre okay, please dont scare me like thatI love you, KikoI was so happy, because I got to be here with you.
Then everything shattered when Querlyns hysterical laugh cut through my memories. Shes laughing at me. I glared at her, and something twitched inside me. Hate, hate hate. My fingers were aching for the knife she was holding.
 The funs not over yet. She snickered. She slowly traced her finger on Kens face, while she dug something from her pocket. The thing flickered at the end of my eye; the familiar bright jewel that I had been holding to. The ruby necklace.
She thrust the jewel on Kens bloody body, bursting bright light everywhere. I blocked my eyes with my hand, peering through my fingers, as the powerful red beam ablaze inside the room. The jewel was fake, and it would be impossible to revive a dead human, or maybe
Kens skin returned back to its original color, reviving all his energy, until his blue eyes started to pry open. The red light finally vanished, and tiredly, Ken blinked through the hazy blurriness. That was when I noticed something different about him.
Querlyns lips curled, and jabbed the necklace on her white pocket, chuckling. Her hand extended halfway to Ken, her fingers curling as if she was commanding him. Finally. My experiment is now complete.
Experiment!? Horror rose in my stomach. She turned Ken into a Weapon!
No! I hit the ground with both hands, gritting my teeth as I tasted blood on my lips. 
When I looked up, Querlyn was slowly pacing toward Scar, who stayed unconscious, his body slumped on the ground. What is she trying to do next?
Suddenly, she fisted Scars hair and jerked him up. He cried in agony. My hands curled to fists. Hate, hate, hate. If I made my move now, I would be killed by the string Reeme was holding. But, they said that they needed me, so if I tried to stop them, they wont hesitate to kill me.
Without thinking, I blindly ran straight to Querlyn, my anger shifting my right hand into a straight bladethe katanas blade. I was so close to hitting Querlyn, when suddenly, out of the corner of my eye, Ken blocked me with his foot that had turned to a long shaft. I retreated back, sliding down the floor as the strings began to tangle around arms. In one swift move, I sliced the strings in the air, and stood in the middle of the room, with the twins ready to attack me. Everyone was frozen in their position, from behind, the twins were watching me closely, and in front of Querlyn was Ken, like he was trying to protect her from me. 
His eyes were shade of dark blue that looked like a fighting machine, with a serious face and deadly stare. I was horrified to see his leg, now a shaft. I gulped painfully. Ken is now a Weapon, but why is he trying to protect Querlyn?
I forgot to tell you. She squeezed Scars hair tightly, her eyes flickered in the light. Ken is now my personal weapon. Wonderful, isnt it? She extended her hand to Ken and me. Behold, the Weapon X Weapon project!
Weapon X Weapon? Judging by Kens expression, he no longer recognized me as his step sister, instead an enemy of Querlyn.
Ive been researching this project for years, and at last I have found it! She said. Its amazing that Weapons can now fight without being used by their Soul Reaper Masters. And that is what Im going to do with you two for a while.
I snapped awake. No she cant mean
Her lips curled. Ken is going to fight you. And none of this battle will end, unless one of you dies!
Chapter 22




No way, I mumbled to myself.
Querlyn seemed to have recognized my weakness, and jabbed her finger at me. If you want to save Scar, then you will need to kill that thing before it kills you. Easy, right?
Thing!? That word triggered my anger, and without thinking, I leaped into the air, with both arms recreated to curved blades, locking my target on her. But before I could strike her, Ken moved real fastblocking my blades that threw me off on the ground; my back skidding off the floor. Suddenly, Ken followed his next attack, nearly slicing me with his legand I rolled on the side---dodging his low kick swipe. He was fast. I leaped backward, missing his launch attack that smashed the ground, and blocked his diagonal swipe with my right arm blade. 
Sweat dripped from my cheek. Ken positioned his right shaft leg on the ground, and looked at me with serious, dull eyes. Querlyn burst to laughter and finally, let go of Scar. He fell face-first on the floor, not moving. I bit my lip. 
Ken! I shouted. Ken, snap out of it!
He doesnt recognize you, now that he is a half Weapon and half soul, all of his memories are gone, forever. She grinned.
No, I mumbled. Ken couldnt be gone. Hes just being manipulated. No, Ken I know you are in there, please wake u 
Ken transformed his arm into a long spear, and swipe upward, missing me by inches. I stumbled backward, nearly tripping, when he continued to swipe his hand in the air, and had successfully sliced a deep cut on my shoulders. Blood gushed from my arm, and I managed to steady myself on the ground, whenthe blade whirled, creating a cut on my cheek and hit me with the butt of staff.
Ouch, I squeezed the cut on my shoulder, hissing, while Ken stood in front of me, not a sweat dripping on his face.
What a wonderful battlefield! Brother and sister, fight to the death. Oh, this is going to be interesting! Querlyn deliciously licked the edge of her lip. That way, you can evolve to your Ultimate State, using Ken as your fighting machine.
Hes not a Weapon! I screamed, and rolled out of the way, just as Ken stabbed the sword blade on the ground. My right leg automatically altered to long chains, untangling and sent straight to the air, where Ken wasnt lookingtowards Querlyn. Unfortunately, the chain broke were sliced, when Ellion appeared in front of Querlyn, with his double daggers.
Surrender, Kiko. Just evolve to Ultimate State so we can end this fight with your brother. Querlyn yawned, leaning against the wall. 
Im not the Legendary Weapon! I yelled, missing Kens launch attack with his sword blade above my head. The jewel is a fake! Believe me, Im not the Legendary Weapon!
She laughed ridiculously, scanning her long nails. Oh, please, just get on with this lame excuse, I know you have the real jewel, so thats why Mary take get off her eyes on you. 
Ken punched me in the stomach, using his staff that sent me skidding on the floor. Reds and blues appeared, and disappeared from my eyes. I could hear the swift sound of tapping heels, and just in time, my arm transmuted to a large shield, blocking Kens wind strike attack. 
The attack disappeared, but Ken swiftly twisted his right leg, stomping my left leg. I groaned in pain, his leg pinning my right foot in place. Like a ninja, he sliced the air where I dived under, missing the blade above my head, and took this chance as I sent a powerful kick on his stomach. Successfully, he slammed the ground, squeezing his face to get a better look.
Without hesitating, I released the chains from my right foot, and pinned him against the ground. He struggled, and began to change his left arm to another bladebut I had already stabbed his blade using my right sword leg, securing him in place. He glared at me with deadly eyes and I ignored it, though the sight of it pained me.
Ken, snap out of it! I said, gritting my teeth. He didnt listen and took another move, transforming his foot into a long curve blade. Then the blade struck my stomach, the end drenched with my blood.
I trembled, looking at the sword pierced on my stomach, and gurgled blood. No. Kenyou have to wake up!
He cant be gone forever. I refuse to forget the Ken I knew when I was a kid.
When your mother died, I cried the most, during the funeralYour father made a deal with me. Once I become your protector, he will never come home again. I was grateful that I got adopted by a loving familyYouve been taking care of your mothers gardenOh, well at least well get to be friends, right? Im sorry, but Kiko is acting like a brat again, dont worry, dad, I will protect her with my life. 
Then I did something I had never done before. I gently wrapped my arms around him, and kissed him. Everything went mute, just me and Ken inside the room. I broke the kiss, hoping that somehow the effect might change him. When I pulled my face away from him, his eyes trembled, the color coming back to his eyes. Relief flooded through me. Hes coming back. Hes finally snapped out from his reverie.
Querlyns eyes widened, and later, stomped her foot as if she was having a tantrum. I felt the wide smirk forming on my lips, and pulled Ken from the ground as our blades vanished out from the sight. Ken, Im so glad I collapsed on the ground, squeezing my bleeding stomach.
Kiko, Kens eyes snapped back to reality, and caught me before I fell on the ground. My vision doubled into two, and I forced my eyes to look at Ken.
Ken. Finally, I breathed, blood dripping on my chin.
What the heck! That cant be possible. The real jewel cant be broken with a silly act like that, only a fake ca Her lips trembled, finally realizing what my stone was. I could see her hands curled up into fists on her side. Curse you! Curse Mary! She angrily jabbed a finger at me. Youre not the Legendary Weapon!
Thats what Im trying to tell you. I mumbled, loud enough for her to hear. If I had the necklace inside my pocket, I would be able to heal myself.
 Then, I felt a weight inside my pocket. 
When I skimmed my hands inside, the necklace was there as if it actually read my mind. How is that even possible?
Querlyn sped toward us, and in a split second, she jumped in the air, holding the dagger in her right hand. When she nearly stabbed me, Ken wrapped his arms around me, using himself as a shield, just as the dagger slicked his back. The blade created a curve gashed, splattering blood everywhere.
Ken collapsed, while I supported his body, feeling the wetness of his hands sticking on my palms as tears burst out from my eyes. Querlyn retreated her dagger, her eyes full rage.
Youre just a decoy of the Legendary Weapon! Damn you! Someone has the real jewel, and I have just bloody wasted my time on you! Querlyn shrieked, punching the wall with her tiny fists, creating a crater on wall. Her body shook hysterically as she cursed herself. After she was done, she whipped her head at us, and with a quick snap of her two fingers, the light turned off.
 Goodbye, Weapons.

We were still in the same underground lair, where Querlyn had held us captives, but this time, we were somewhere in an open laboratory field, surrounded by transparent glass walls. I turned around, my heart panicking, until I hear someone breathed on my lap. I looked down and saw Ken, his eyes squeezed tight, with blood pooling around him. It was the long gashed on his back. When I tried to move, pain jabbed my stomach, and Im forced to lie down on the cool grass, helplessly injured. Grass? I scanned my eyes around the area. Just me and Ken, and the open grass surrounded by transparent glasses. Where is Scar? My stomach churned, remembering that he was still inside Querlyns prison. Querlyn still had him captive, and I needed to do something before they torture him again. 
Hang on, Ken. I rolled on my side, ignoring the pain burning in my stomach, and I forced myself to reach the pocket, where the necklace was held. Even if the stone was a fake, it could heal Weapons injuries. 
Panic surged in my stomach. When I patted my fingers on the sides of my pocket, the necklace wasnt there. The stone was gone. No, Im just imagining things. I tried to concentrate, imagining the oval shape of the ruby pendant, light and powerful, but brilliant, lying inside my pocket. And as I feared, the stone had disappeared. 
No, this cant be happening! I pressed my hands on the grass, my eyes pierced on the blood dripping from my stomach. A minute ago, the stone was just there, but now it was gone. 
Why!? I yelled, banging my fists on the grass. Any minute, Ken could die, and I wouldnt let that happen, not with the stone missing. There must be some way for me to find a healing stone. I staggered forward, blood dripping on the ground as I pressed my hands on the transparent walls surrounding me. I tried to transform my right arm into a blade, but it didnt had any effect on me. I searched the glass, leaving bloody handprints on the transparent wall. This must be some kind of room that could block our powers. I unclenched and clenched my bloody hands, and still, my arm couldnt turn to a blade.
Damn it! I hopelessly banged my fists on the glass. It was no use. I retreated and faced Kens lifeless body on the ground. Ken, please dont die. I slid down the glass, feeling regret boiling in my stomach. I cant save him. Theres nothing for me to do now.
And then Kens voice broke my thoughts. Kiko
I looked up, and saw him staring at me, as if he wanted me on his side for a moment. I staggered toward him, struggling to keep my strength up, with my heart racing fast. 
Kiko, He mumbled as I kneeled beside him, squeezing his bleeding hand.
His tired eyes stared back at me, nearly closing as if he was dying. I dont want to lose him, not now. 
Kiko, He said again, this time his voice was weak. Tears exploded from my eyes, clutching his hand tightly. Ijustsaveyou He said before the life dimmed out of his eyes. His body loosened and gently his hand, lay limply on the ground.
Ken! I cried. His face looked so angelic, as if he was sleeping. No. Ken. This cant be happening. Please wake up! I shook his shoulders, but there was no movement. More tears fell from my eyes. KEN! I screamed, pressing my face on his chest and screamed again. No Ken, dont die on me! You just cant
But it was no use, this time he couldnt come back alive, because I let him diebecause Im too weak. I cupped his face and kissed him, as tears flowed down from my lips. Then, I wiped the tears off and scrambled to my feet, pressing my hand on my bleeding stomach. 
Stupid, I mumbled. So stupid. Im really stupid!
I staggered toward the transparent glass and furiously banged the glass, ignoring the swollen, heavy pain on my fiststhe cracking of my bones as I yelled, and screamed. 
When all the strength had ran out, I dropped my knees on the ground, crying. ScarKenMomDadEveryone. Why does everyone get hurt when Im being involved? When I saw my reflection, I didnt realized that I didnt look like the real Kiko anymore. I looked horrible, and ugly, inhuman, while half of my reflection showed that Im a monster.
I pressed my hands on the smeared, transparent glass, wondering if I deserved to live much longer. I looked back at Kens peaceful body, resting on the grass, forgetting what my human hands can do. I tilted my head on the glass, sucking the heavy hatred, buried deep inside me. I should just kill myself so everything will end at once. But what about Scar? He was still trapped on the other side of these walls. How would he feel when all of us are dead? Will he feel extreme bitterness, just like the one Im having?
No, I need to get out of here and rescue him.
A green light glowed behind me. I turned around, blocking the light with my hands, and saw tiny figures appearing on the grass, beside Ken. The garden spirits were back, and I could see Sun waving her green leafy hands at me.
Sun! I grinned, and zoomed across the field.
Sun beamed, and greeted me, while we sat beside Kens lifeless body, the smile on my face vanishing.
I dont know if garden spirits can heal the dead, it would be impossible without the real stone. But I was wrong. The garden spirits started to dance and sprinkle some powders on Kens body. For a moment, I thought they were mourning him, but I realized that they could actually heal him. But how?
Sun, I looked at her, and she nodded confidently. 
The garden spirits began to form a circle, and joined their hands together as they beamed brightly in the morning sun. I closed my eyes as I let the beam swallowed the whole place white. I could feel it, the icy coldness of the powder, healing my stomach, giving my energy back. Im getting stronger again. When I opened my eyes, the long gash on Kens back was gone, replaced by the rising of powdery dust. And then, Ken started to breathe. 
I gasped, and darted toward Ken. Magically, the wound on my stomach disappeared like it was nothing. How?
Sun nodded and pointed Kens arm. It gave me an idea. Ken wasnt a normal human anymore. He was half Weapon and half soul, so that means there was a chance that if he dies, he could be revived again bygarden spirits.
I kneeled in front of the garden spirits that circled me, tears of joy flooding my eyes. Thank you, everyone. I really owe my life to you guys.
Sun signaled a no problem, and then give us a call, until they vanished into cloudy dusts of smoke.
 Kiko? He tiredly opened his eyes to look at me. I held back a gasp, and hugged him, thinking that he was gone forever. Whats wrong? Why are you crying?
I wiped the tears and patted my cheeks. No, nothing. Im just glad that you are alive.
He tried to get up, but I didnt let him, and made him lie down again, soothing his tousled brown hair from his forehead. 
Dont, I said, sniffing. Youre in no conditi
My sentence was cut, when the windows exploded, shattering glass everywhere. I protectively wrapped my arms around him, shielding him as the shards flew in our direction. Once it was over, I peeked through my shoulder, and saw black boots stepping out from the unprotected room. I loosened my arms around Ken, brushing the small bits of glass from my shoulders. 
Frey walked around the area, wearing her stylist black boots and fitted black cape, and on her hand was a much stronger Weapon, Hughes. She whisked her head around, her hair whipping around her. I squeezed my arms around Ken, blocking his sight. What is she doing here? Has she come to fight me again?
We both paused, our eyes pierced on each other. Her golden eyes flickered like the flames around her hair, and because of that, I didnt realized that my right arm had already turned into a blade, preparing to attack if she made one move.
Frey towered me, a mischievous smile on her face. My fingers tightened on the blade, white knuckled, while I expected her to fight with me again, but surprisingly, she extended her hand to me, asking me to take it. I eyed her. 
Dont give me that look, She said. Im on the good side now. Killing you is none of my business, but if its something about that bitchy, Querlyn, abducting my favorite brother, then I have no choice but to help you.
I narrowed my eyes. Dont play dumb.
She chortled, snapping her fingers, and summoned Hughes to her side. Hey, I owe you one for Hughes. Maybe its time to help each other?
Is she serious? Her face softened. She was very serious about rescuing Scar. I recoiled my blade back to my human hand, and grabbed Freys extended hand. We shook hands, but my eyes were glued on her.
If you betray us, Im going to kill you first. I threatened her. She smirked as she had been preparing for it.
Yeah, I bet you do.
Ken peered over my shoulder, shocked to see Frey. Who is this Kiko?
I whirled back, forgetting that he was still there. A Soul Reaper, she has come to help us.
W-what? He squeezed his forehead with his palm, trying to connect everything. Of course, everything is new for him, because he just turned into a New born weapon. 
Frey flipped her coat and walked passed me, kneeling in front of Ken. She examined him, highly interested, and studied him.
And then, Frey kissed Ken lightly in the lips. I froze; Kens eyes widened in shock. Frey broke the kiss and deliciously licked the edge of her lips.
I think Ive just found my Soul Mate. She said in a flirty tone. My mouth went open, and looked back at Hughes, who shrugged. I thought Hughes was her Weapon?
Hughes crossed his arms over his muscular chest, bored as if the kissing scene didnt affected him. My master can take as many Weapons as much as she likes. But that doesnt mean that the Weapons she took, are all her Soul Mates. Maybe one of them is. But I dont know, its up to my master.
Well, what are you waiting for? Frey said. She pointed at the clear area. Youve got to save your Master, isnt that why youre here?
I couldnt imagine Frey being a change of heart at this time. Why?
Just go! She ordered, and inside of me snapped awake. The windows were open, my path cleared, now that Ken was safe in Freys hands.
Shes right. Ive got to save Scar. But what about Ken?
Freys lips curled into a large smile. Ill take care of him. Dont worry, just save my brother.
I stepped forward, and Hughes followed, until we reached the outside lair, where dark eerie hallways awaited us. I looked at Hughes, insecure, coming with a boy who was a stranger. He said, watching me with determination in his eyes. Im coming with you. You need my help right?
I couldnt say that I didnt, besides, if I wanted to fight Querlyn, then I needed backup. I nodded, letting him lead the way towards the empty, laboratory halls. Before we went further, I peered over my shoulder, and saw Frey and Ken huddled together on the grassy field. Then, slowly Frey kissed him. I looked away, furiously blushing, leaving them in their private moment. Kiko, dont be confused with yourself. I pinched myself to keep awake, and headed straight into the tunnel of darkness, away from the light.

My mind went to alert mode, so I changed my right arm to a straight blade, like the katana. Carefully, we skidded through the hollow tunnels, not knowing where to find Scar. Scar. I could feel the energy coming from him, tortured, and beaten bloody. I bit my lip to keep that from happening and moved forward. 
Behind me, Hughes was surveying. The painful silence between us was odd, while the quietness kept us sensitively alert. Suddenly, I saw a faint light in the hallway. I paused, my eyes alert. Look there!
Hughes head followed my direction, analyzing the light. This could be a trap. And then his voice deepened. Theyre here.
At first, I thought he was bluffing, but after a few seconds, two faint figures appeared behind the light. My arms had already turned to blades, alertly waiting for them. 
The twins. Ellion went first. 
I knew you would be coming here, sooner or later, little brother. Ellion said. Hughes, is their brother? Reeme stepped out from his brothers shadow, into the light. With a quick snap of his fingers, the lights went on, blinding our eyes.
Distracted by the brightness, Ellion had already advanced toward us, and the next thing that I knew, two blades had collided with each otherHughes. Ellion gritted his teeth from the pressure and stepped backward, lowering his double daggers, while Hughes panted in front of me, his muscled body rising and falling. 
Hughes ignored me, and focused his attention on his brothers. Reeme unwind his invisible string, and whipped it straight in the air, toward Hughes.
 I yelled. Hughes! and before the string touched him, I threw the chains that were once my right foot, and collided with the strings. 
Reeme pulled the string with frustration, but the chains was stuck with his string gave me the chance to charge at him, both blades ready. I was able to attack Reeme first, but unfortunately, after a single blink, he disappearedthen someone elbowed me from behind. I gasped. My body slammed on the ground, and I rolled, just as Ellion smashed his double sword above my head. I stabbed the blade straight to Ellions foot, and he screamed, but Reeme was too fast, and let strings fell on my body, pulling to slice my stomachwhen Hughes swiped the strings, letting me unharmed and swiftly threw a dagger that stabbed Reemes right eye. Both brothers were injured, screaming in pain. 
Y-You wont get away! Ellion said, clutching his bleeding foot, his face beet red. We wont let you!
But his words were cut when Hughes stabbed his hand, pinning him next to his foot. Just tell us where Scar is.
Ellion shrieked, gurgling and hissing, looking at Hughes with demonic eyes. You think I will let you, Graven. Its impossible!
Graven?
That was the name of Scars adopted brother. A human, a Weapon, and a Soul Reaper. The experimented boy that Hades banished from the kingdom. The boy that was after revenge, so he could take the throne.
Ellion was struggling to get up, and to keep him in place, I released my chains and tied it around his body, making it hard for him to move. Forget about Reeme, losing his right eye was much more painful than Ellions.
As revenge for torturing Scar, I stabbed the blade between Ellions hand and leg, showing my death threat. If you dont tell us where Scar is, Ill torture you, or your brother to death!
He laughed, a monstrous laugh, and soothed his free hand on his bangs, showing a deep slash on his forehead. Its useless now. Querlyn will use him as a sacrifice, just like our master, Mary. You cant do anything now, not without the real stone.
I gulped. What does he mean sacrifice like Mary? I tightly squeezed his collar, digging my fingers on his back, gritting my teeth Tell me! Tell me how to save him!
His eyes flickered, then softened as if there was nothing that I could do to save Scar. No, I refuse to believe him. Im the only one who can save him, Im the only one
Splash.
Hughes stabbed Ellion in the heart, with a long spear that snaked from his arm. My eyes widened. No! My only source of answer comes from Ellion, and nowHughes has ruined it. Blood splashed my shirt, just as Hughes pulled out the spear out from Ellions body. Ellion's eyes darkened, and slumped on the ground, with blood pooling his body. Reeme burst into a loud ear piercing scream that nearly shook the walls from the inside.
Chapter 23




Brother! Brother! Reeme crawled on the ground, clutching his bleeding eye. I bit my lip, nearly bursting into tears as I watched two brothers torn apart.
Hughes arm disassembled back to his human form. His face darkened, pulling my sleeve, and jabbed a finger on the narrow, white hallway. But Im still frozen in shock. Why, did he do it? I looked at him, and realized that it was the revenge.
Ellion! Ellion! Reeme screamed, one tear dripping his good eye. 
Lets go, Hughes muttered darkly. 
Youre Graven, Hades adoptive child. I blurted.
He stopped. Thats not my name anymore. I abandoned my identity years ago, so I couldnt recall myself being an object of power. He glared at me, and walked straight ahead.
Why? I whispered. We moved forward, down the dark path, leaving Reeme behind.
As time goes by, you will realize that the source of power comes from the evil. Revenge will give revenge, until it spreads into a much more populated country. Weapons are the artificial source of a Soul Reapers vengeance. We are nothing, but useless items, however, all of us are born with a mind and a heart He muttered very fast, and suddenly he stopped, my nose bumping on his bulky back. I massaged my nose, while underneath was a monstrous glare under those golden eyes. If we can be created by the Soul Reapers, then we can make them disappear.
Then everything came out fast. When I turned around, Reeme was already running toward me, and in his hand, glowed the ruby necklace that was missing from my pocket. Before I had time to defend myself, Reeme thrust the necklace on my chest that burst bright, red light. Death was slowly reaching me. Hughes began to swing his sword, when everything went the opposite.
The red light didnt hurt me, instead it blasted Reeme back with a deadly, crimson light. He fell backward, with a burn hole in his chest, so large, he couldnt survive it from the blast. Smoke sizzled the hole that brought death to Reeme; his eyes wide and white, arms sprawled on the ground. The ruby necklace backfired. He used it to hurt me, but the necklace reflected, and hit him instead. Twin brothers laid down on the ground. I cried, my hands squeezing my face, and Hughes hugged me, blocking my view from the horrible sight. 
Why? I choked back a sob. Why do they always die in front of me?
Dont forget, Kiko. We are killers. All we can do is kill. Awful, isnt it? Hughes said. Everyone died in front of me, and I had been blaming myself for the lives that were lost. I wondered if Scar felt the same thing, when he saw the mutilated Weapons back at the laboratory.
 Weapons, I echoed that word in my mind. Why Im still alive if my only purpose is to kill people? Why cant I do something much greater than this, like saving them? 
The image of the baby, nearly falling from the metal racks of the hospital flashed my mindfollowed by dozens of images, when I helped healed Scarstake care of the garden spirits homessaved a boy by killing his demon soul. No, Weapons arent used for killing, we are born to protect and rescue the ones that are in danger.
With an angry reaction, I jerked Hughes hands away from me. He was shocked, his eyes widened when I barked at him. Weapons arent monsters! I slammed my fist on my chest. We help people, and even, if Soul Reapers use us as killing machines, we can still help other people if we try! I said. Sorry, Hughes. I know what you feel as an experimented Weapon, but we can change that. Dont give up. Dont let yourself drowned in the past. You said it yourself. You said that you abandoned the name Graven, so you could forget those horrible feelings. But youre still letting yourself consumed in hatred. 
I know. But Im not the only one you should lecture. Look in the mirror and see if you have changed your hateful ways toward your father. He said dully. Youre a different Weapon from the rest of them. If thats what you want then follow it, and maybe His mouth formed. You can be the next ruler of the Underworld. He turned around, and started walking forward, with his back straight. What does he mean by that? 

We stopped in front of three, white intersection walls, analyzing each tunnel. The tunnel looked nothing, like the one back at the laboratory. Hughes walked toward the middle of the three intersections, where a large wall was placed between them. I followed him before he paused and scanned the wall. With a free hand, he lightly pushed the walls center, while a loud click snapped.
The door opened on its own, revealing a dark room with chains rattling. I gasped, took a quick peek inside the room. I couldnt see anything because it was dark, and suddenly Hughes threw his right arm to block me, taking a step forward. He surveyed the room, and after a few minutes, he nodded. I didnt know what he was up to, but I still followed him straight into the room, closing the door behind me, until we were surrounded by total darkness.
Hughes, I whispered, the darkness terrified me. With a quick snap of his fingers, the lights turned on. 
 Scar! I cried.
Scar looked up from the sound of my voice, his body still covered in blood, with a few cuts on his face. His eyes were tired, as if he didnt get enough sleep at all, leaving black bags under his eyes. He was still tied to the chains, his face bowed down, staining the room with crimson red, just like Querlyn held us prisoners before.
Kiko, He muttered weakly, his eyes closing. I sighed in my relief. Scar, hes still alive.
My hands were urging to touch him as if there were a million things I wanted to tell him. Oh, Scar. How could Querlyn do this to you?
In a flash, Hughes cut the chains around Scar, and just before he fell, I caught him in my arms, keeping my strength up from his heavy weight. He smelled like a fresh kill. Scar groaned, and I let him sit on the ground, kneeling beside him. Dont worry, you are going to be okay. 
He nodded weakly, breathing heavily as he tried to move his stiff arms and legs. Then, the door opened with a full swing. Oh, no.
Querlyn stood at the gap of the door. Her bright white lab coat flew behind her, eyes glued on us. You! She screamed. Her girlish spoiled face was no longer recognizable, looking mature as if she had been in her twenties. You sneaky litt
Before she finished her sentence, a knife zoomed past her, stabbing the wall that missed her ear by inches. She flinched, but not before long, I saw her fists curled on her sides. 
Hughes was the one who threw the dagger, his arm slightly poised as if hed been used to it. Scar was in no condition to fight, so that left me and Hughes to deal with her. 
Querlyn, I said. She snapped her head at me, and took her coat off, exposing her black, turtle-neck sweater, with a gun tucked on her waist band. 
If you want to fight, then maybe its time. She said, grabbing the gun from her holster. I stepped backward, shifting my arms into curve blades, while beside me, Hughes looked very serious.
Good point, He said coolly. If we win fair and square, then you can tell us how we can get out of this hell hole.
Her face twitched. Yeah, right. Like I have any use for you, little brother.
Brother again. Are they all brothers and sisters?
You seemed to be busy, having to keep the vengeance all to yourself. Just tell me what your plan is and well leave you alone. He said, a slight smile on his face. 
Why would I, when youre also planning to take revenge on the King, isnt that right, Graven? You, Amber and Mercury are creating a team that would destroy this game. And so, then why are you interrupting me? She said.
Who is Mercuy, and Amber?
Querlyn cocked her head to Scars direction. Anyone who wants to get the throne will get to be killed by us, the banned Soul Reapers of Hades adoptive children. I do hope that Glen will realize what his obstacles are, if he were to obtain it, with her.
Her eyes were glued on me, a smirk on her lips. Glen? Does she mean
I looked at Scar, picturing his black, messy hair and gray eyes. Is that Scars real name?
You have no idea what you are talking about! Hughes gritted his teeth.
Querlyn seemed to be enjoying teasing him. Glen will be used as a sacrifice. Thats all I want. And then, she pulled the gun from her pocket and quickly changed to bright, red identical fans that landed on Querlyns hands.
There were eyesAunt Camelias, reflecting on the fanbefore Querlyn lowered her from her face. Im done talking. Im going to kill you all, because I have no use for you people!
She swung the fan in quick strokes, and the fans zoomed with invisible speed, like wind cutters. I ducked, just in time, and missed the nearest wind cutter that nearly stroke my leg. 
Hughes positioned himself, deflecting the wind strikes with the heaviness of his sharp shield he had summoned from his arm. His hair was blown back as the wind cutter crashed the nearest ground, exploding rocks and craters beside him.
I lunged at Querlyn. She immediately saw me, and began to launch several speedy attacks all at once, but I dodged them, until Im getting closer to Querlyn. Sensing my strategies, she changed the fan to a double cutter sword, flinging the nearest attack that slashed my right shoulder. I backed away, just in time, she recollected the next attack, while Hughes took over, hands into pistols. He shoot each bullet without hesitation, but Querlyn blocked them with the double cutter, and smashed the ground, camouflaging with the exploding rocks.
Blood dripped from my right shoulder, as I scanned for the missing Querlyn. She dropped from the air, sword lifted up high, and stabbed Hughes, right in the back. Hughes, who didnt seemed to be hurt, grinned, while he tore the blade on his back. Then with a swift movement, he whirled the blade, slicing Querlyns arm.
She collapsed on floor with a heavy thump, and hastily I summoned my chains, launching them at Querlyn. Unfortunately, she easily deflected it with her Weapon, slicing all the chains at once. 
I dashed with full speed, my hands changed to electric chainsaws and lunged at her. Hughes grabbed Querlyns foot to hold her down, while I brought my Weapon to slice her.
Everything slowed down when her pearly, white teeth gleamed across the light. In a flash, the blades of my arms were cut down, while Hughes leg got sliced. Querlyn rolled on the side, holding a flaming smoke bomb on her mouth. I screamed. No!
Then someone stopped her. A girl appeared in the mere darkness, and hit Querlyns in the jaw, with the strong point of her knee, followed by a fist on her stomach. Querlyn gurgled, and crashed on the ground, after she had looked to the person who attacked her. 
Mary. Her dark black hair flew behind her, her gray eyes illuminating in the light. Her mouth formed a thin straight line. What is she doing here?
I started to cringe away, but I had forgotten that my blade was destroyed, with blood dripping on the sides. Her shadow loomed above me. She came here for me, to take me away, and hurt ScarI braced myself, but instead, she walked past me and stood in front of Querlyn, summoning a large cross-sword in her hand. Querlyn eyes widened as she took a quick look at her sister, her mouth twisted in a sly smile. Hello. Mercu
Mary stabbed her with a sickening crunch on the stomach, quickly ending Querlyns life. Hughes took a deep breath, clutching his injured leg. I blinked. She killed her?
Mary, Hughes gasped. Mary didnt move, her face was hidden by the dark shadow beneath her eyes. 
Then, we made eye contact. As soon as I realized it, she didnt come here to kill me, instead she was after Querlyn, who was now lifeless on the ground surrounded by her own pool of blood. Mary saw Scar, unconscious, and walked toward him. I tried to summon my blade, but my arm didnt let me, so I threw myself between her and Scar.
Her face was still unreadable, and to my surprise, she gently pushed my bleeding blade out of the way. I couldnt believe that Im letting her hold Scar. She gently brushed her hand on Scars bloody cheek. Scar took a sharp intake of breath from the warm touch, and tiredly opened his eyes.
His lips mouthed. Mary.
Scar, She said with gentle words. Im going to wait for you.
He grinned, and he slowly cranked his gray eyes open. Yeah, soon.
She planted a light kiss on his cheek and smiled weakly, as she turned around to face me and Hughes.
The walls shook as if there was an earthquake. The ceiling was crashing; boulders falling off the sky; lights swinging. Through the trembling sounds, Mary stood and extended her hand for me to grab.
Go, She said, her voice loud enough for me to hear through the crumbling walls, and the large boulders dropping from the ceiling. Escape with my brother.
But why, Mary!? I yelled. She shook her head and stretched her hand for me, a bit farther. You need to grab Hughes and my brother. After that grab onto my hand. Ill take you to the Above.
I hesitated. ButKen...
They are safe. She confirmed and pressed her lips together. Come on.
I obediently followed her, while the walls trembled vigorously. One by one, the ceilings were falling, the floors were cracking. I need to hurry.
Hughes staggered, while I grabbed his arm, and supported him on my shoulders. I passed him to Mary, and made a beeline toward Scar, lifting his body and turned my feet into tiny wheels so I could skate on the floor.
Smoke and dust emerged from the air, clouding our vision, but with the pale hand still extended, I could clearly see Mary. I grabbed her hand, and Mary tugged me, so were beside each other as white light began to shimmer.
I looked at her, realizing what she was going to do. Y-youre not going to come with us?
She smiled as if I just read her mind. No, but well meet again.
Before I could opened my mouth, the light beamed brighter, swallowing us in a shade of light, turning everything to white. I could not forget Marys words, but Im positively sure that we will meet again, as we traveled to the vast of land.
The blue skies were the first thing I saw when I woke up, and Im lying on a soft, molded grass, with fresh air blowing around my face. Where are we?
I returned my blades to human hands again, and noticed it was bleeding, but not very deep. The wheels on my feet returned to normal, breathing heavily.
The first thing that snapped my attention was Frey. She yelled my name, and darted toward us, while Ken followed behind her. I wasnt alone, Hughes groaned beside me, his leg bleeding and
Scar.
I looked at him, his face bloody, his naked chest covered with crimson blood. He weakly opened his eyes and blinked back, staring at the new sky above us. We were no longer underground, but I could still picture Querlyn dead and Mary
Shes still alive, Im sure of it. Maybe someday I might thank her for saving us, even though she had tried to kidnap me in the first place.
Hughes! Frey said, and kneeled beside him.
Kiko! Ken yelled. You made it. Im so glad.
Yeah, I breathed, trying not to laugh. When Frey saw Scars condition she gasped. Brother!
Frey? He choked. Frey kneeled beside him and cracked her knuckles. That bitch, look what she did to your gorgeous body!
Shut up, He said and Frey laughed. She looked back at Hughes. Good job for helping them, Hughes.
He squeezed his face, and closed his eyes, tears flowing down his face. Frey frowned. Whats wrong?
I just killed my brothers. He croaked. The guilt in my stomach quickly rose, remembering the twins death at the laboratory. When I tried to skim my fingers inside my pocket, the ruby necklace was there as if it appeared, without letting me know. I scanned the necklace, adoring the shimmering jewel. 
Well, what are you guys waiting for? Frey rested her hands on her hips. We need to get you guys to the hospital.
Hospital? Oh, yeah. Im still human, but Scar and Frey werent. 
Frey laughed, reading my thoughts. I know what youre thinking. But since you and Hughes can be seen by humans, I can reserve you two a wonderful room near the window.
Hughes chuckled and wiped the tears from his eyes. Thank you, Master.
I followed his laughter, knowing that this will be a long rest from the same hospital that I attended.
Acknowledgements

I would like to thank you for all the readers who have read my work, my friends who supported me even at a far distance, and my cousin who was eager to hear me tell the whole summary of this book in one hour in Kakao. My parents, who doesnt know Im creating this masterpiece and to my fellow friends in online sites.
CC,
Love the first book? Theres more
Chrysanthemum
The REAPER series 
Book 2

About the Author






CC Faye is living in the Philippines. She is a manga artist, a writer and a self-studied baker. When she was six years old, drawing was the main purpose of her life. She self-learned her drawing skills from the internet, and from reading Japanese manga. At the start of high school, she has taken a break from her drawing interest and has begun to practice writing for 3 years. Scar is her first self-published novel.











	



	

